Remnants The loaded silence between them persisted for what seemed like forever, and Rey felt her outstretched arm grow weary with the weight of his lightsaber. But it was really him. Luke Skywalker. Rey was expectedly awed by the presence of this storied man. This hero. But the longer she stood there the less reverence and more panic that she felt. Her brow furrowing, Rey stretched her arm to its fullest length and shook the metal hilt at him ever so slightly. Luke’s robed shoulders dropped a bit, his expression becoming somewhat resigned. He didn’t break eye contact with Rey, but the look in his eyes was less focused now. Clouded, even. When he finally spoke his voice was of a higher pitch than Rey had thought it would be. It was sharp in her ears, and almost... youthful. "You should go." Rey opened her mouth to respond but the words caught in her throat. This wasn't at all the welcome she'd expected- or rather, hoped for. "I... I can't." She dropped her arm back to her side, deflated. "Sure you can," Luke walked toward her, casually. Dismissively. "Just," he raised his robotic hand up to make a walking gesture with his fingers, "Turn around and go back the way you came." Rey was stunned. "That's it?" Luke shook his head reproachingly, "Sometimes people disappear for a reason." Rey’s temper began to flare, forgetting the esteem she’d felt for this man only moments earlier. "Yeah and sometimes people find them for an even better one." Luke didn't respond so she continued, “You're not even going to hear me out?" "I don't need to. I know why you're here and the answer is no.” Rey scoffed. "So you know everything? You know that your sister is the one that sent me here to find you? That her husband, your friend... That he..." Luke solemnly met her eyes before letting them drift away again. “Yes.” Rey was incensed. "And that changes nothing?" "I can't help Leia... And I definitely can't help you. I'm not a Jedi anymore. I'm not anything." Luke turned back and forth in an abbreviated version of pacing. He was clearly uncomfortable with this intruder being there and everything about his body language was telling her to leave. Rey, alternatively, had never experienced such profound disappointment in another being before. "You're a coward, is what you are." "Well, I am in hiding ," Luke snarked at her. "I can't believe this," Rey shook her head. "The stories I heard about you... the legends. They were all lies." Luke wagged his chin, "No those were most likely true... But that was a lifetime ago." He fluttered his hand at her, "You probably weren't even born the last time I still considered myself a hero." Rey let the defeat truly sink in as she looked down to fumble with the saber hilt. "This wasn't how this was supposed to go. You were supposed to train me, teach me to be a Jedi. So I could... matter." Luke allowed himself to feel a small measure of pity as he watched her internal struggle. "What's your name?", he calmly asked. She looked back up at him. "Rey." "Rey... the fact is, even if I were willing to return to the resistance... and take on a student again..." He looked her straight in the eyes and finished, “It would never be you." "What?" Rey's face registered with shock before that quickly gave way to offense. "What's wrong with me? " Luke took a deep breath and shook his head helplessly at her, "I see him in you..." Rey pulled back. She didn't have to ask to whom Luke was referring to, but the accusation that she- that he... it was simply baffling. "I honestly have no idea what you're talking about." "Rey, he's all over you," Luke sighed. Rey sputtered, "Wha? You-", she shifted uncomfortably, "You're mad." Luke leveled his eyes at her and took on a no-bullshit tone of voice, "I might not be a Jedi anymore but I'm not blind either." Rey continued looking at him aghast so Luke reluctantly attempted to explain, "You've met him, yes? My nephew?" Rey just stared back. "And what, you fought him?" "Yes." "Anything else?" "Excuse me?" "Did you and Ben do anything besides try to kill each other?", Luke prodded. Rey leaned back heavily into her comfort zone of sarcasm and answered, "Yeah we had tea, exchanged foot rubs and what else... oh yeah, I watched him murder is father in cold blood." Luke squeezed his eyes shut at the callous mention of Han's death and took a moment before continuing. "When he was younger my nephew was quite adept at looking into people's minds. I would imagine in the years since then he's become quite the expert. Did he try this with you?" "Yes..." "And what happened?" "I... I blocked him out,” Rey supplied. “Eventually." "And then?", Luke persisted. "And then I... saw into his?" Rey hadn’t yet needed to explain what happened in her interrogation on Starkiller to anyone and wasn't quite sure how to describe it. "That must've been a pleasant sight," Luke guessed bitterly. "Not really, no." "What did he do then?" "He was upset. He... pulled away. And broke off the connection?" Rey‘s confidence wavered heavily in her attempt to put it all into words. Luke clarified, "So he was still in your mind when you went into his?" "I guess so," Rey shrugged. "Well there it is," Luke offered. "There what is? I still don't understand what this has to do with anything." Luke stopped his fidgeting and gave her a measured look. "You will. This... thing. It might feel like nothing now but... it will grow to consume you. I’m sorry, Rey." "Sorry for what? " Rey let frustration take precedence over her fear and glared at him accusingly, "Has anyone ever told you that you talk in riddles?" Luke laughed softly to himself, remembering his mentor of so long ago. "Maybe I am still a bit of a Jedi after all..." Rey watched helplessly as Luke took a few steps backwards before beginning to walk away in earnest. "You should head out," he spoke over his shoulder, “The weather is about to turn." Rey glanced up at the darkening sky then back at Luke's retreating form. "You don't have anything else to say?", she called out. Luke stopped at the edge of a stone hut and turned back to answer, "Give Chewie a hug for me. And tell Leia... tell Leia I'm sorry." And then he was gone. And with him, any hope Rey had at becoming a proper Jedi. She lifted the flap of her bag and deposited the saber hilt back inside before letting her shoulders curl in towards her chest. A strong gust of icy wind whipped across the hillside and Rey folded her forearms across her stomach as she shivered. She'd come so far. So close to having a life that meant something... Only to feel it all slipping away. /// The transport ship shook mid-flight and Hux looked up from his datapad as the wounded man lying before him began to stir. The bacta bandaging on Kylo’s face entirely obscured his right eye but Hux simply stared at the left one, waiting for it to fully open. Once it did, and he was sure Kylo was relatively alert, Hux sighed dramatically and crossed his arms across his knees. “You’re an idiot.” Kylo winced at the effort required to turn his head ever so slightly in Hux’s direction. His voice came out in a rasp, but with the bitter humor still ringing clear. “What’re you- sitting vigil?” “Hardly,” Hux pursed his lips as he set his datapad aside and took in the breadth of Kylo’s injuries. “You’ve been out for days. I was just waiting to see if I’d be delivering a person to the Supreme Leader’s doorstep, or a corpse.” “We’re going to see Snoke?”, a hint of confidence draining from Kylo’s voice. “Yes. And I look forward to watching you try to explain the strategy behind abandoning your crippled base to chase off into the woods after two nobodies, whilst nursing a near-mortal wound, no less.” “Those two nobodies destroyed your precious base-”, Kylo growled. “Not alone they didn’t,” Hux cut him off. “In fact, I believe your father played a rather crucial role in the destruction, if I’m not mistaken.” Kylo’s jaw tensed and though he could not move from his prone state on the medi-bed, the contemptuous look he gave in response was enough to stop Hux from pursuing this line of accusations any further. Hux used the retrieval of his datapad to break eye contact and then stood. He fixed his gaze somewhere near Kylo’s bandaged left shoulder as he spoke. “We’ll be arriving in a few hours. Rest up.” He turned and left the room, relinquishing Kylo to what anyone else would have thought was peace and quiet. But to the battered man lying there... it was a deafening cacophony. Kylo’s breathing became labored as he struggled against the ever-raging din. Of blood surging through his ears... of the cackle of an unstable lightsaber... of his former friend crying out in agony... and of the sound of his father’s voice. A mix of spit and blood gurgled out from the side of his mouth and Kylo had to grip the bed frame beneath him so tightly he nearly bent the metal- just to be able to bear it. /// Rey had just set the Falcon into lightspeed when it happened. It was as if a tidal wave of turbulent emotions had suddenly washed over her, only they weren’t her emotions. They felt like a foreign body invading a host, overtaking and consuming it. Rey could feel instant beads of sweat begin pouring down the sides of her face and if someone were to have touched her in that moment they’d have found every inch of her skin feverishly hot. No one was there to witness this, however, as Chewie had departed the cockpit moments earlier and Rey was left alone to endure this sudden affliction. Anger, hatred, sorrow, regret, abandonment, betrayal, love, confusion... It was all too much and Rey keeled over, gripping the instrument panel for support. Whose emotions were these? Why was she feeling them? When would it stop? And then just as suddenly as the sensation had arrived, it vanished. Rey’s body quickly began to cool and her mind cleared, like the sky opening up after a storm. She took a deep, centering breath as she sat back up in her seat and it was then, sometime mid-exhale, that Rey detected a faint scent in the air around her. It hadn’t been there a few minutes ago, and by all rights it shouldn’t haven been anywhere near this ship for at least a decade. It was him. Kylo Ren. Rey looked around and over her shoulder, despite knowing how ridiculous the need to check for him was. The scent was just so clear. There was no doubt in her mind. Jakku had been very limited in the aromas it offered, and those that did exist there weren’t exactly the kinds you wanted to commit to memory. Since leaving her home of so many years, Rey had experienced a great many new smells... vast oceans, leafy forests, frigid snowstorms... but there was one in particular that stood apart. It was a deep scent, musky. Sensual. Like nothing Rey had ever imagined before and it made her eyelashes flutter just to remember her first taste of it. He’d stepped in close to her. Very close. And before Rey could even recover from her obviously flustered reaction to her captor unveiling his true face, she had a whole new problem to worry about. She’d quickly glanced up at his striking visage when he came to stand beside her, before deciding it was much safer to look somewhere, anywhere, else. He spoke to her with a calm voice but Rey could feel the intensity rolling off of him. It wasn’t until he insulted her that Rey dared to make eye contact again. A regretful choice, as Kylo Ren quickly used the opportunity to have her witness him raking his eyes over her body. 'You know I can take whatever I want.' He stepped in even closer, raising his gloved hand to hover near her face, and Rey turned herself away as much as she could. But that was the moment. That was when she’d breathed it in. Breathed him in. The aroma was entirely new, and distinct, and... exhilarating. Rey gritted her teeth as he began to rifle through her mind, and just as his mental probing invaded her consciousness, so did his scent invade her nose and lungs. She closed her eyes, but that had only made the intoxication stronger. Rey shook herself from the memory. She checked the air again and sighed in relief when it seemed the redolence of the cabin was returning to normal. She used the strength of her arms to push herself out of the pilot’s seat, not trusting her legs to support her just yet, and ambled back into the main space of the ship. Chewie wasn’t there, likely having gone to get some sleep, and Rey looked around in hopes of finding something to distract herself with for while. A somber realization hit Rey as she took in the expanse of the old freighter, noting that she hadn’t really had a chance to explore it properly, not with... everything that had happened. Normally Rey’s natural curiosity and experience as a scavenger would’ve had her instantly canvassing every last inch of a legendary craft like this, but in the few days it had taken to get from the Resistance base on D’Qar to the distant island planet of Ahch-To, it simply hadn’t felt right. This was Han Solo’s ship. It always had been. Even when it had been left unused and neglected for years in a desert junkyard, it had been his. Rey traced her fingers along the edge of the Dejarik holochess table and pined for an impossible future of more time spent in the old man’s comforting presence. 'He would’ve disappointed you.' The spiteful voice intruded on Rey’s private moment and she bit the inside of her cheek in annoyance. She hadn’t known at the time when Kylo Ren had said it, just how much this statement was based on personal experience... But regardless, it didn’t mean that his fractured relationship with Han would’ve been mirrored by her own. Rey wasn’t even convinced Kylo Ren’s would have remained as such if only he’d answered his father’s overture differently. She’d heard Han’s firm but pleading voice echo throughout the large oscillator. It had a mournful gravity to it she’d only heard from him once before, when he’d spoken of the boy that had turned against Luke Skywalker. Her heart had fallen into her stomach as it all started to come together. As she’d heard his words. 'Leave here with me, come home. We miss you.' It was strange to think of anyone missing Kylo Ren... or even that he’d had a home and been a child with parents, who as far as Rey could tell, had truly loved him. It made Rey uneasy to humanize her aggressor this way and she stopped herself short. Heading off down the passageway to her left she set her mind to exploring her physical surroundings, rather than the complex, emotional baggage that they carried. /// Kylo was unsteady on his feet and made it only two steps from the gurney before stumbling forward. Instinctively, Hux reached out to grab him by the arm, catching Kylo enough to keep him standing upright. The sudden physical contact shot through them like lightening and both men yanked away from it not a split-second later. Kylo extended out to his other side, grabbing a countertop for support, and Hux unnecessarily straightened his jacket with a nervous tug. "I’m fine,” Kylo mumbled, annoyed at his own weakness. "Right,” Hux took this as his cue to walk ahead and was more than happy to do so. As he swiftly exited the craft he made sure to keep his strides fast, but not too fast. He then made his way from the ship’s landing platform and across the short footbridge, flexing his hands as they swung at his sides, willing them to steady. It had been years, more than a decade even, since Hux had reached out to Kylo Ren in any non-aggressive manner. Not since... 'No,' Hux chided himself. He wouldn’t think of that now. Couldn’t think of that now. He reached the top of the ornate, stone steps just as two guards began dragging open the massive castle doors for him. They creaked with lack of use and Hux waited until they were entirely expanded before stepping though. He turned left into the foyer and stopped, deciding to wait there for his companion. 'You’ll be waiting for him your whole life,’ a cruel internal voice taunted. Outside, Kylo did his best to ascend the stairs without grimacing, but every movement felt like knives and he could detect a sickened flush creeping from his ears down across his cheekbones. As he passed through the expansive doorway, Kylo could sense the uncomfortable gaze of both entry guards fixed on him. They weren’t used to seeing the great Master of the Knights of Ren without his mask on... let alone in such an obvious state of distress. He ignored their prying eyes and moved forward into the familiar, but still foreboding structure, picking up Hux at his side as he walked as authoritatively as he could manage down the main hall. Together they took the not recently trodden, but still well-remembered route to Snoke’s private quarters. Each turn getting darker and more narrow, with the scent of stale water growing increasingly thick. Stopping just shy of the chamber entrance, Kylo calmly reached up to peel the last bit of bacta from his face. It stretched, not ready to come off just yet, and Kylo locked his jaw in determination and he finished the job and then tossed the sticky bandaging aside. Hux watched this with a pained and slightly grossed out expression. “You should leave that on longer,” he tilted his head as he critiqued the still very raw saber burn dissecting Kylo’s previously unmarred face. “It doesn’t look good.” Kylo stared back at him with lifeless eyes. “Let it scar,” he spat defiantly before turning to the door and shoving it open. Hux’s brief foray into compassion rapidly dissipated and he lifted his chin into the air, haughtily chasing after Kylo into the massive chamber. Kylo caught the sound of Hux’s clipped steps hurrying up behind him and despite his injuries he tried to hasten his approach to the Supreme Leader, not wanting to be shown up. The result of their thinly-veiled footrace was Hux managing to reach the base of Snoke’s dais just a few paces ahead of Kylo, who arrived beside him fuming. They each bowed their heads forward towards their master’s throne, but persisted to glare sideways at each other as they did. Snoke meanwhile, having witnessed this juvenile display of competitiveness, lolled his head to the side and sighed in resignation. Such children they still were. Kylo spoke up first in an attempt to regain some measure of command, “Supreme Leader we are honored to be in your presence once again.” The Knight tipped his head forward once more to the imposing figure and Hux, begrudgingly, did the same. "My young warrior,” Snoke drawled towards Kylo, taking in his disheveled appearance. “You look as though you’ve lived a hundred lifetimes since I saw you last.” "Yes, Master,” Kylo answered, shamefully. "And General,” he spoke, turning to Hux. "Supreme Leader,” Hux confidently answered. "You command quite a lot less manpower these days, do you not?” Hux shrunk back into himself, “Yes, sir.” Snoke drummed the tips of his long fingers against the arm of his throne and forced the two men to stare back helplessly at his unsatisfied glower. Pain was raging up and down Kylo’s entire body but still he refused to even flinch. Hux, however, began shifting uncomfortably, his boots making an awkward squeak. Snoke finally released his scrutiny of them and lifted his head to look around the darkened expanse of the room, as though searching for an answer somewhere high up the stone walls. "It may be that I am not as adept a leader as I’d thought myself to be,” he mused. “How disappointed you both must feel in my guidance..." Kylo quickly interjected, “My Master, it is we that have disappointed you. We that have failed.” "Mmm, perhaps,” Snoke continued speaking in a calm manner that greatly unnerved both of his subjects. “But somewhere along the line I have led my two chosen leaders, my commanders, to believe that tactical errors of this magnitude would be acceptable. And that, that... is my failure.” Fear ripped through his two subjects as Snoke elegantly rose from his seat and descended the stairs towards them. For a few seconds the only sound to be heard in the cavernous room was that of Snoke’s linen robes dragging along the ground, as both Hux and Kylo had momentarily stopped breathing. At his full height the Supreme Leader would have bested even Kylo by about four inches, but permanently twisted and hunched over as he was, Snoke’s eyeline came in just under that of his apprentice. He menacingly looked up at Kylo from beneath his crooked brow, the much younger of the two returning his gaze warily. And then without warning Snoke turned his focus from Kylo to Hux and viciously backhanded the General across the face, sending him crashing into the floor. Kylo looked down at Hux in shock, before quickly returning his eyes to his enraged Master. "Pick yourself up, General,” Snoke snarled at him, “before you bleed all over my floor.” Hux frantically scrambled back up to his feet, at one point stalling himself by stepping down on the edge of his coat. He straightened his back and attempted to look composed, though the image was sullied by the hand he held up to his bloody, and likely broken, nose. ”I’ve never expected much physical strength from you,” Snoke spoke dismissively, his words cutting into Hux’s already fractured self-worth. “But your mental weakness of late has me thinking you could use a bolstering of fortitude on all fronts.” Hux dropped his head forward in a nod he never quite returned from. Snoke waved his hand as he continued, “Go. Leave us. I have much to discuss with my... pupil. I will call for you later, General.” Hux needed no more encouragement than that and he hastily spun on his heels and scurried out of the room, the deep red blood from his nose starting to drip through the cracks of his fingers. The door slammed shut with a bang and Kylo felt himself jump. Snoke’s full attention was back on him now and the already heavily wounded Knight braced himself for an assault. The attack never came however, and Snoke merely leaned in towards Kylo as he continued to speak, “Your compatriot’s weakness lies in his mental capacity trying to compensate for his corporeal one. But that’s not your problem, is it my warrior?” “No, Master,” Kylo spoke down to the floor. “Though I will say, I have not seen you in such a battle weary state since before you took command of your Knights,” Snoke’s voice timbered, almost with kindness. “It distresses me to see you this way.” “I’m ashamed to have let you down, Master. It will not happen again.” Snoke reached out gently and laid his ghostly hand upon Kylo’s shoulder. "The future is never certain,” he murmured, “and you, my apprentice, should not make promises you cannot keep.” He gripped his fingers in a powerful squeeze, sending shockwaves of agony shooting through Kylo's body. "Forgive me, Master,” Kylo gritted out between his teeth. “Tell me what I can do to return to your good graces.” “I’ve no real concern for your physical stamina," Snoke informed as he released his grasp on the reopened wound. “Your standing here right now is evidence of why I needn’t any.” The Supreme Leader’s eyes twinkled as he slowly raised his bloodied hand up to his apprentice’s face. Kylo felt a chill straight down to his bones as Snoke so perfectly mimicked the very last caress his father had given him before succumbing to his death. The young Knight’s eyes went wide and took on a sheen of unshed tears. He watched as the corners of Snoke’s mouth curled up, seemingly pleased with this reaction. "Your weakness,” Snoke purred, “Is an emotional one.” Snoke let his hand slide off the unburnt side of Kylo’s face, dropping it down to his chest, and stopping to hover over the Knight’s erratic heartbeat. Kylo did his best to steady his voice as he responded, “I tried... I tried to push out the light, I tried to-” Snoke waved his free hand, stopping him. “You needn’t explain, my young Knight. I can see the conflict in you. I can feel your torment...” Snoke patted Kylo’s chest and leaned in closer, “Do you want me to end it?” Kylo let out a shuttering breath and pleaded, “Yes. Please, Master... I’ll do anything.” Snoke rubbed his hand in circles against Kylo’s still pounding chest. “The source of your trouble, of your pain, is that of your other self. Your former self. There are remnants of him still poisoning your soul and so we must seek them out!" he smacked his open palm against Kylo's breastplate for emphasis. “We must go back. Way back... all the way to your earliest years. To when you first discovered the Force. To when I first discovered you." Kylo trembled as Snoke inched forward once more, pulling the young man’s neck down so their foreheads rested together. “Do you remember, my child?” "Yes, Supreme Leader,” Kylo’s voice came out in a whisper. “I remember everything.” full res poster via tumblr Chapter 2 : Special Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey didn’t know how long it had been since she’d started exploring the Falcon, hours maybe. She’d gone through drawer after drawer and panel after panel... In some cases having to physically pry them open in order to reveal contents unseen for many years. She was pleased with the amount of useful spare parts and tools she’d managed to gather, but if Rey was being totally honest with herself, those weren’t really the items she was keeping her eyes peeled for. It was the personal things. The sentimental ones. She’d found an old leather jacket stuffed away in a locker that she was certain must have been Han’s. Perhaps in his younger days. She’d straightened out the crooked collar and let her fingers brush against the soft material before carefully folding it up and setting it aside. It should probably go to Chewie. Or maybe Leia. Rey wasn’t yet sure of either of their desire to take ownership of the belongings of someone they’d so recently lost... but Rey knew if it had been her best friend, or her husband, she would’ve wanted to hold on to anything she could find. She’d circled throughout the entire Millennium Falcon and all the way back to the cockpit, and now stood hesitantly at its entrance. Even after all the hours Rey had logged at its helm, she still felt uncertain each time she stepped into the control cabin of the famed ship. Out of line, even. But under no uncertain terms had Rey been told she was more than welcome to be the Falcon’s pilot, at least for the time being. “Technically, he left everything to- to our son,” Leia had explained back at the base. “The only will Han ever bothered to set up was when... Ben... was little and he just, you know, never got around to...” Rey had watched sympathetically as General Organa struggled to complete her sentences. Or to even bring herself to say her own son’s name. It was awful and such an intimate thing to be sharing with someone she’d just met. Rey found herself darting her eyes around the room, trying to give the grieving woman some privacy even whilst they were mid-conversation. “I suppose it doesn’t really matter now,” she continued. “I offered the Falcon to Chewie but he refused. Said his rightful place was as the copilot." She gave a small smile before adding, “He made it clear that he could pilot it just fine if he wanted to, he just didn’t is all.” Rey returned her smile. It hadn’t been long that she’d known the self-assured wookie, but already he was quite close to her heart. “Well if Chewie’s fine with it, and you’re fine with it, I’d be honored to pilot his ship for now,” Rey cringed at her own word choice. His. Which 'his’ did she even mean? If Leia was bothered it didn’t show, she merely reached out and gave the girl a reassuring squeeze on the arm. “You’re gonna do just fine, Rey. You’re destined for so many great things... I know it.” Rey slowly came back from the memory and found herself absentmindedly rubbing her arm in the spot where Leia had reached out to her. The General had been so full of confidence and support in Rey’s mission to become a Jedi... And now here she was, heading back to the Resistance just a few days later with her tail between her legs. Rey flopped down in the pilot’s seat glumly. She reached up and dragged the nail of her thumb across her teeth as her eyes wandered around the cabin. Suddenly, a thought occurred to her and she began reaching beneath the main instrument panel. No, nothing there... Rey got up and stepped behind the seat, checking all the wall panels for any hidden compartments. She bent her knees and slowly slid down to the floor, pressing and tugging on every last edge as she went. She looked around again from her new perspective and cocked her head to the side when she noticed something out of place. Looking over to Chewie’s copilot seat Rey confirmed that there was an empty space and light flowing beneath it... unlike Han's. She folded her legs together and leaned forward, peering underneath the chair. Whatever was there looked to have been moved recently, after not having been moved in a long time. There were fresh tracks dragged through the thick layer of dust on the floor, as though someone had removed the item and then put it back. Rey brushed a stray hair from her face and reached her hands into the darkness. It was some kind of box- metal, with sharp edges, and again the dust around it was unsettled as Rey carefully pulled it across the floor towards her lap. It was old and rusted, she noted, and had a threefold latch keeping it closed, but was unlocked. Rey looked around nervously before opening it. A pair of canvas shoes, tiny, for a baby. Scraps of durasheet with crude, colorful drawings on them. A toy spaceship with a broken wing. Rey carefully inspected each item before gently setting them aside. She reached back into the box and pulled out a small, velvet pouch and poured its contents into her hand. Dangling from a long, slinky chain was an oval-shaped locket, a thing that Rey had only seen maybe once or twice before. She rocked the necklace back and forth in her hand, letting the light bounce off its surface. It appeared to be made of pure silver, a thing she’d only ever heard of. Rey knew that lockets were meant to open so she fiddled with it until she managed to undo the clasp. Inside she found exactly what she’d expected to, but it pained her just the same. Two tiny little filmsheets, one stuck in each side. They were much younger, probably thirty years or so, but there was no doubt in Rey’s mind that she was looking at the faces of Leia Organa and Han Solo. They looked so content, so peaceful. There was no trace of the resigned sorrow Rey would come to identify in both of them in their later years, as they’d likely not even imagined the hardship they’d be faced with in their life together. Rey frowned and shut the locket, pressing the metal form between her fingers. She was about to slide it back into its velvet bag when she noticed a bit of engraving on the back. Just two words, simply written, and Rey wondered at what tender, romantic meaning they once held. Only one item remained in the metallic box, a tan leather envelope with a bit of string wrapped around it. After removing the binding Rey opened it up to find a dozen or so 5x7 filmsheets and several holovid memory sticks. She took a deep breath as she began thumbing through the glossy filmsheets. More pictures of Han and Leia, spanning a time from their 30’s and 40’s it seemed. But mostly... mostly they were of him. Kylo Ren, Rey shuddered. No, not him. Ben Solo. The boy Kylo Ren had killed. Rey’s lower lip began to quiver and she felt herself fighting back tears as she came across one image in particular. It was Han, youthful and handsome, proudly commanding the pilot’s seat of his beloved ship. And in his lap sat his son. All messy black hair and already lengthy limbs for such a small child. Rey sniffled and let out a shaky breath. When she finally built up enough nerve to raise her eyes to the chair in question, the tears sprang free. Silent, but unrelenting. /// Han adjusted the altitude of the Millennium Falcon as it ripped through the planet’s atmosphere and looked over at his son laughing joyfully in the copilot’s seat. Chewie had gone back home to Kashyyyk for awhile, and in his absence Han had managed to build a sort of child’s safety seat for Ben to use. A hailing call interrupted their misadventures and Han decreased the ship’s speed slightly and reached over to flip the switch of the comm link. “This wouldn’t be the mother of the birthday boy calling, now would it?” “Am I ever going to actually see the birthday boy on his birthday?” Leia’s static-laced voice crackled through the speaker. “Oh come on, we haven’t been gone that long, have we?” Han leaned forward to peer around the far edge of the cockpit’s windshield and was surprised to see the planet’s two suns setting in the distance. “On second thought...” He looked over at Ben and whispered, “Whoops.” “I mean it, Han. I’m starting to make dinner and it would be nice if by the time I finished there was someone here to help me eat it. Han grinned at the frustration in his wife’s voice and couldn’t help but tease her a bit, “Well I suppose that depends on what you’re cooking up, Sweetheart?” “Divorce papers if you keep pressing your luck.” Han made a face. “Well that stings a bit...” Leia’s voice softened slightly, “Just bring my baby home. Please.” “That’s affirmative we’re starting our descent now.” Han made some adjustments on the control panel before turning to give Ben a big smile, “Only I’m afraid there’s no babies on board this ship... Just two, full-grown men, aged five and up.” Ben beamed back at his father proudly. “Aged five to fifteen, more like,” Leia grumbled. “Be home in twenty minutes or I’m throwing the cake out the window.” /// Han sauntered into the dining and kitchen area of the house, swinging Ben through the air like a spaceship as the boy provided the requisite sound effects. Leia watched from her position behind the island stove top as Han deposited Ben into his seat at the dinner table, narrating the maneuver as if it were a perilous crash landing. “And the fearless young pilot Ben Solo beats the odds yet again and lives to fly another day, keeping the galaxy safe for princesses, and tauntauns, and...” “Ewoks!” Ben supplied. “Ewoks,” Han nodded. “Gotta keep those little guys safe.” Leia sighed as she continued preparing the meal. “You know, if you’re going to insist on recklessly dive-bombing the planet’s surface with my one and only child onboard- couldn’t you at least do it in a ship that isn’t a busted, broken-down deathtrap?” Han placed a hand to his chest, deeply offended. “What’re you talking about? The Falcon’s in great shape-” Leia huffed and waved the knife she was holding in the air for emphasis, “I was walking under it the other day and a screw literally fell off of it and hit me in the head.” She tossed a handful of vegetables on the cutting board and began slicing away at them aggressively. Han flashed a panicked face at Ben, making him giggle into his hands, before turning back to Leia, “Gee, I hope it wasn’t from anything important...” “I’m not joking.” “Neither am I. Can’t have random screws falling loose... Only got so many of them, you know.” Leia turned to Han, pointing the knife in his direction, “I think you have a screw loose.” Han slided up to his wife, reaching out to carefully pinch the knife’s blade between his fingers and turn it away from him. Leia rolled her eyes and dropped the knife onto the counter, allowing Han to press his body into her’s and wrap his strong arms around her waist. “I know I do, baby,” Han spoke into her hair. “That’s why you’re so nuts about me.” “Good grief,” Leia growled in mock repulsion and tried to pry herself loose but Han was having none of it. He squeezed and tickled at her tiny frame, all the while peppering kisses across her face. Ben laughed as he watched his parents being silly and clapped his hands against the table. “Stop it-” “-No.” “Let me go-” “-Never.” Han and Leia’s tussling reached a fever pitch that threw them off balance and Han’s elbow knocked into the handle of a frying pan on the stove, sending it’s boiling contents flying into the air. Leia shrieked, ducking away from the onslaught, expecting to feel it hit her from behind... but when nothing happened she slowly turned around to look back. Han released his grip on her waist and together they stared in stunned silence at the sight before them. Bits of meat and vegetables, along with about a hundred tiny droplets of molten cooking oil hung suspended in the air, vibrating with intensity. Together their eyes shifted focus further ahead, past the stove to where Ben stood atop his chair, tiny arm outstretched. “Son-”, Han started but Leia stopped him by discretely grabbing his wrist. She swallowed nervously and began moving from the still boiling threat, pulling Han along with her. Once they were a couple feet away she let go of him and began carefully approaching Ben, who still had not removed his focus one iota from the force freeze. “Ben, baby, you can let go now...” He didn’t seem to notice her so she slowly moved closer. “Ben? Can you hear me?” As though a kind of trance had been broken, Ben turned to his mother and everything in the kitchen came crashing down. All three of them jumped at the sudden sound of the metal frying pan hitting the floor and Ben looked at Leia with fear in his tiny eyes. “Shhh honey, it’s okay,” she reached out and pulled the child into her arms. She spun around to face Han and felt a slight pang of resentment at the fearful expression he was directing at their son. “I’m sorry, Mommy,” Ben gurgled into her sweater. “I didn’t mean to make a mess-” “You didn’t. You didn’t, baby, everything is fine...” Leia gave Han a reproaching look that suggested he help her out and Han responded by taking a step towards them and reaching out to place a hand on Ben’s back. “It was Daddy’s fault, kiddo. I’m the moof-milker that knocked everything over. Don’t worry about it, okay? It’s no big deal.” Ben lifted his face from Leia’s shoulder to look up at his dad worriedly. “But what will we eat for dinner now?” “Cake,” Han reached out to ruffle Ben’s mop of dark hair. “We’ll eat cake for dinner.” /// It was maybe a half an hour or so after Ben had gone to bed when his parent’s agitated voices permeated through the walls of his bedroom. He pushed the blankets off his lower half and turned, sliding his little feet down to the floor. He turned the handle of his door extra slow to keep it silent and slipped out into the hallway. Leia was half-seated on the back of the sofa with her arms crossed against her chest while Han paced back and forth in front of her. “That’s not what I’m saying,” Leia corrected, raising her eyebrows at him. “No? Then what is it?” “I saw the way you looked at him-” “Don’t. Don’t you dare throw that back at me. C’mon like you weren’t in shock, I mean...” Han huffed in frustration and ran a hand through his hair. “You know how I feel about this Force nonsense... He doesn’t need that... stuff... messing with his head. Just leave him be, alright?” “Han we can’t act like nothings happened, he’s not just a normal kid anymore-” “-Like hell he isn’t,” Han fumed. “He’s normal if we treat him normal. He’s not some prophet or second coming or whatever. He’s our son. End of story.” “You think if you ignore this it’ll go away- but that’ll never work... Not even Luke was levitating objects when he was five.” “Oh, but I bet Vader was,” Han waved an accusing finger in Leia’s face. “That’s what this is really about, isn’t it?” Leia dropped her head forward and spoke towards the floor, “If we don’t handle this right... we could lose him.” Ben’s eyes began to well up at he watched his parents argue from around the corner. He couldn’t understand all the words they were using but he knew that they were upset and worst of all he knew that it was because of him. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” Han held his hands in the air and turned to head towards the front door. “I’m going for a walk.” Ben saw him moving in his direction and quickly scampered back to his bedroom, careful not to make a sound. Leia took a few steps to follow after Han, “You can’t just leave- you need to stay here and figure this out with me.” “There’s nothing we can figure out tonight- or even tomorrow,” Han opened the door and stopped to look back. “He’s just a kid, Leia. Stop acting like his entire future is something you either know or have the power to control. You don’t. No one does.” “Han-” “Don’t wait up, okay?” And then he left. Leia turned away from the door once it closed and squeezed her eyes shut angrily. By the time she opened them, however, they were only filled with sadness. Sadness... and fear. Ben was perched up by the window on his knees, watching as his father kicked up dirt under the moonlight as he trudged away from the house. The small boy’s lower lip quivered and heavy tears rolled down his cheeks. This is my fault. He collapsed back down onto his bed and cried quietly into his knees. All my fault. A few minutes passed and just as Ben was beginning to tire himself out, his attention was called to a sudden change in the room. Like a static shock ripping through the air. Ben wiped his cheeks dry and searched the darkness of the room. He found nothing, but when he looked down at his arms he could see all the tiny hairs standing on end. ‘Can you hear me, child?’ Ben gasped as the voice rang out clear as day. But not... in the room. The voice was inside his head. Ben nodded, frightfully. ‘Good. Now you’ve no need to be afraid of me- I only want to help you, dear boy...' The voice spoke in a calm, dulcet tone, ‘Do you believe me?’ “Yes,” Ben whispered. ‘I am here to guide you. And protect you. And in exchange... I ask only that you trust me, and do as I say. Can you do that? Ben?’ He nodded again. 'I heard you call out to me today, did you know that?’ Ben shook his head ‘no’. ‘It echoed across the galaxy. Your essence. Your... power.' Ben clutched a pillow to his chest as the voice timbered inside him, through him. ‘You’re a very, very special boy, Ben.’ /// “You know what really bothers me about you, Ren?” “It’s just one thing?” Kylo was casually swinging a practice sword in the air and looked over to see Hux glaring back at him from where he sat, wrapping his hands and wrists with tape. “You didn’t earn it." Kylo stopped swinging the sword and rested it over his shoulder. “Earn what?” “Any of it. Your power. Your position. ” Hux was furious at his forced participation in a physical training session with Kylo and his words were becoming increasingly filled with venom. “I’ve dedicated my entire life- worked, studied, earned the right to be where I am today- but you, you just had it handed to you... His Royal Highness Prince Kylo... born with unprecedented Force abilities... Master of the Knights of Ren...” Hux stood, fuming, and looking aggressively unsettled to be wearing athletic attire. “Tell me, Ren- what makes you so fucking special?” Kylo maintained a largely impassive expression throughout the tirade, but by the end of it, all the humor he’d previously found in Hux’s discomfort had drained from his eyes. He calmly stepped over to a large metal table lined with weapons and set his wooden saber down. He turned to face Hux, and very deliberately pulled his shirt up and over his head, then tossed it aside. Hux blinked in surprise. He then squared his shoulders and tried to sustain his glower even as it shifted rapidly back and forth between Kylo’s bare torso and inscrutable face. He’d seen Kylo somewhat exposed only two days ago, but so much of him had been covered in bandaging... Now Hux could see everything. Ordinarily, Kylo’s perfectly sculpted musculature would’ve been a sight in and of itself, but in this instance it was the gory ramifications of his latest battle that took precedence. The wound that slashed across Kylo’s face had also nicked the side of his neck and separated the top of his right shoulder. The left side of his upper chest had a deep puncture burn, and one of his biceps sported a large gash. It all looked terrible, so raw and angry, but the absolute worst of Kylo’s newest injuries was the still very inflamed lightening bolt like wound that shot out across the entire left side of his stomach. Hux grimaced. He’d heard from one of the stormtroopers that helped him retrieve Kylo from the woods that the Knight had received a bowcaster shot to the side. And that Ren, in the trooper’s words, just sort of ‘gracefully took a knee’. Hux hadn’t really believed him, of course. Not until now. Kylo turned back to the table, exposing his broad back and even more of his damaged skin. These scars were older and paler like a lot of the little ones on his chest, only much larger. Hux stared. They almost looked to be from a... whip of some kind. The sound of a metal blade being dragged across the table brought back Hux’s focus and he quickly realized Kylo was moving towards him, weapon in hand. “Ren-” Kylo swung the sword up to the General’s neck, silencing him. Barely controlled rage flashed through Kylo’s eyes as he pressed the sharp edge against Hux’s flesh, allowing a small stream of blood to escape. “I want you to listen to me very carefully-” When Kylo finally spoke his voice rumbled out sounding even deeper than usual. It was steady, but unmistakably threatening. “I know life hasn’t been... easy for you.” He leaned in close, daring Hux to pull away. “I know what you’ve had to overcome. I know what you’ve lost. And while it’s true I am the product of my heritage... that I was given a birthright, a legacy to fulfill, and the power to do so... If you ever ... so much as even imply ... that I have not fought, or bled, or sacrificed enough to be what I am today-” Kylo leaned in even closer, their faces nearly touching, “I will end you. I will throw your head at Snoke’s feet and never again so much as even think of you.” He leaned back, making sure he could see Hux’s expression clearly. “Do you understand?” Hux’s throat twitched as he swallowed the saliva that had been building up in his mouth, the movement causing a slight resurgence of blood flow against the blade of Kylo’s sword. “Yes,” he croaked out. Kylo took a step back and slowly removed the threat of beheading, dropping the sword down to his side. “I’m not any more excited to be teaching remedial weaponry and combat fighting than you are to be learning it, so let’s just do this and get it over with.” Kylo walked back to the table and threw down the heavy sword, picking up two wooden ones in its place. He turned again to Hux and tossed him one of the sabers, “The less you bitch, the less I’ll make you bleed.” /// Rey was thankful for Chewie’s unspoken compassion once again when the wookie hadn’t questioned her decision to land the Falcon back at the Resistance base in the dead of night. Everyone will surely have caught wind of their return by mid-morning regardless, but it just seemed easier to only have to deal with minimal crew face to face. After leaving word that she wanted a meeting with General Organa at her earliest convenience, Rey was informed- somewhat sarcastically- that the room she’d moved out of just days earlier was indeed still available. With a goodnight nod to her copilot, Rey slung her duffel across her back and headed off down a series of empty halls. She was nearly to her door, to the place that she could hide herself away, when a startled semi-whisper called out to her. “Rey?” She turned to the voice. It was Poe Dameron, fuzzy with sleep and likely on his way back from the communal refresher down the hall. “What’re you doing here?” he moved toward her, brow furrowed. “Is Skywalker with you?” he asked, looking around. “No,” Rey answered softly. “We found him but- it’s... complicated.” Poe didn’t know Rey very well and had only spoken to her a couple of times, but it didn’t take much intuition to gather that she wasn’t up for a discussion on the subject, and certainly not at this hour. “I’m sorry, you must be tired,” he began backing away towards his room. “We can talk tomorrow, or whenever. If you want.” Rey spared him a small, grateful smile. “Thanks. Yeah, maybe. Later.” Poe nodded and was about to turn away when Rey stopped him. “Hey wait-” Rey caught her voice being a little too loud and stepped towards him so that she could whisper, “Is there any news on Finn? How is he?” “Same, pretty much,” Poe responded gently. “No worse, though. But he’s still asleep. Doctors said... maybe we can hope for him to wake in a few days or so.” He shrugged, wishing he had better news to give her. “Okay, thanks,” Rey nodded, already planning to stop by the medbay first thing in the morning. “Goodnight.” “Yeah see you tomorrow. ‘Night, Rey.” They each headed off to their respective rooms, careful to open and shut their doors quietly. Rey stepped inside her recently vacated quarters to find absolutely nothing had changed. The glass she’d left sitting on the nightstand was still there and the water inside it hadn’t even had the decency to evaporate. Rey dumped her bag on the floor then collapsed onto the bed with a similar lack of grace. Fitfully she kicked her boots off one and a time before grabbing the pillow from behind her head and pressing it down over her face. She then proceeded to scream directly into it, her vocals deftly muffled by the padding. Tossing the pillow aside, Rey let out an exasperated sigh. She was exhausted, but sleep felt unlikely. She rolled onto her side and blankly stared into the duracrete wall. She reached out, running her fingers against the grainy surface, and tried to remember the last time her life made any sense. /// Tucked away in a dark, nondescript corner of the base’s central hub, General Organa’s office wasn’t much to look at. Hardly bigger than a storage closet, Leia sometimes wondered if it had in fact once been one. But it suited her needs well enough, which lately was about 70% paperwork and 30% somewhere to duck away to whenever she needed a good cry. Her morning thus far was dedicated to the latter, having only managed to keep it together for about 20 minutes before the news of Rey’s return, without Luke, had brought her shaky walls of restraint crashing down yet again. Leia had never considered herself an emotional person, not even in her youth. Feisty, bossy, bold, and full of conviction- sure. But not emotional. And frankly, it took quite a lot to rattle her. But the universe had truly called her bluff and the events of the past week had proven to simply be too much... even for her. Han had been MIA for several years, and only around sporadically for a few years before that, but there was a colossal difference between him not being around and him being... gone. It took about two days before Han’s death really sank in, and once it did, Leia felt destroyed from the inside out. She’d only felt this way once before throughout a whole life of wartime and near misses and bloodied battlegrounds... back when she had lost her son. Their son. And now she’d lost him all over again. Lost them both. For good. A hesitant knock at the door interrupted her sobbing and Leia quickly pulled from her stash of tissues to try and wipe away as much of the moisture from her face as she could manage. “Come in,” her voice cracked and she cleared her throat to try and settle it. Rey stepped inside, and by the look on the young girl’s face Leia surmised she hadn’t done such a great job of hiding her distress. “I- I can come back,” Rey started to turn towards the door but the General stopped her. “No no, it’s fine. Come in, shut the door.” Leia grabbed another tissue and blew her nose, knowing the jig was up she didn’t bother trying to seem overly composed anymore. She indicated one of the chairs opposite her desk to Rey, “Sit, please.” Rey slid into the seat but still seemed uncomfortable intruding on the General’s grief, “Honestly, we don’t have to do this now I could-” “Rey honey, don’t be silly,” Leia waved Rey’s concerns away and straightened herself in her chair. “Besides, if we were to wait for me to be a collected, rational human being again it could be awhile.” Leia gave a self-deprecating smile and Rey tried to meet her eye contact without showing too much obvious pity. “Well thank you for meeting with me,” Rey started. “We uh- we got in pretty late last night. Chewie and I. And I just wanted to give you a heads up, I suppose, on what happened.” “Well I appreciate that but knowing my brother I’m reasonably confident I can guess.” Leia shifted some stacks of file folders around on her desk to make for less of an obstruction between her and Rey. “In fact, I’m wishing now that I’d given you more of a warning... I guess maybe I didn’t want to jinx it. I thought that if I told you that there was a chance he might turn you away then that’s absolutely what would have happened.” Leia sighed, “But that was selfish of me, I shouldn’t have sent you off like that- unknowing.” “General-” “We’re in private, ‘Leia’, please.” “Leia... You’ve nothing to apologize for. You would have had no way of knowing what Skywalker- what your brother would say.” “No, but I could’ve guessed. What happened back then... with all of his students... Luke blamed himself entirely. I’d never seen him like that before, not even with everything that happened with our father. He was just so angry and heartbroken and... lost. He couldn’t even look Han or I in the eye when he told us what happened to our son. What Ben had... become.” Rey nervously twisted her fingers together in her lap, listening to Leia speak sadly of her family, and debated whether it would be better or worse for her to share the specific reason that Luke had actually rejected her for. As Leia went on a bit more about how Luke had abandoned his entire life and disappeared as a kind of self-inflicted penance, Rey decided it was probably best not to pile on to the General’s current concerns and worries. What would she even say if she did tell her? Luke sent me away because he looked at me and saw your son? Oh, and sometimes I think I might be hearing his thoughts and feeling his feelings and when I do I can freaking smell him? No, Leia would either think she was insane or want her to leave. Or both. Rey pushed her need to confess aside, it was best to wait until she at least had some idea of what was going on before she told anyone. “Obviously you’re welcome to stay here as long as you like,” Leia was moving around her desk and Rey stood, realizing this most likely meant it was time for her to leave. “I’m sure someone as smart and resourceful as you will make a great addition to our efforts here, no matter what you decide to do. Take some time to think about it and let me know.” Rey nodded, “Thank you, I will.” She let Leia guide her to the door before turning back and reaching into her pocket. “Before I go, I um... I have something that I think maybe belongs to you.” She reached out and passed the small velvet bag into Leia’s hand. “I found it... on the Falcon. I thought maybe you’d like to have it back.” Leia stared down at the pouch in her hand, knowing full well what was inside before even looking. Tenderly she pulled at the material, opening it just enough to slide the locket out. Her face crumpled and it was only a glance up at Rey’s sympathetic expression that kept Leia from bursting into tears all over again. “He gave it to me on our wedding night...” she remembered fondly. Leia pushed the at the clasp and slowly opened the locket, revealing the well-worn pictures inside. “I wore it every day, never even took it off until... A month after Ben had disappeared from Luke’s academy, Han and I were... arguing. I blamed Han for not being able to find him, even though I was the one that had sent Ben away in the first place... and really... really I was just angry at myself. -Which is exactly what Han said to me right before I ripped this off my neck and threw it at him.” Leia shook her head. “I kicked him out of the house and told him not to come back without our son.” Rey reached over and placed a reassuring hand on Leia’s arm. The General looked up at her almost as though she’d forgotten anyone else was there. “He fixed the clasp,” she smiled sadly. “Thank you for this, Rey.” Rey nodded and dragged her hand away before turning to the door. She stepped through it, softly closing it behind her, and headed down the hall towards the medbay. As she walked, Rey felt the holovid memory sticks she’d found in Han’s stash box bouncing against each other in her pocket. She didn’t know why she had kept them, why she felt she had the right, but her mission today after visiting Finn was to find a way to play whatever videos they held, just for herself without anyone else knowing. Back inside the office Leia stood glued to the same spot, squeezing the locket between her fingers. Memories of her modest and perfect wedding to Han so many years ago flashed through her mind, causing the most heartbroken of smiles to spread across her face. Leia opened up her hand and looked down, and with a deep breath she rolled the locket over in her palm to read the engraving on the back. ’I know.’ full res poster via tumblr Notes: I feel like I should mention that as far as canon-backstory goes I haven't read any of the books and am only working with the information gleamed from TFA, the Original Trilogy, and a couple random searches on Wookipedia. The rest is just me spit-balling. Kylo and Rey finally reunite in the next chapter. OR DO THEY? Yeah, no, they probably will. Chapter 3 : Sons Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben didn't notice when his father approached the old varactyl paddock from behind and began watching him. They'd been living on the sprawling ranch for several years now, but much of the property went unused for its intended purpose as Han had no need nor interest in making a living off of it. Since his retirement from both smuggling and the military, he had occasionally taken odd jobs, merchant runs mostly, to ‘keep from getting rusty’ he’d jokingly say. But Ben always suspected it had something much more to do with restlessness. Leia was gone even more frequently, as she’d accepted a governmental position that had her in a near-constant state of travel. When he was little they’d each taken their son along with them as much as possible, but once his formal education had begun at age six, the now ten years old Ben had largely been confined to the ranch. He’d pleaded to at least be allowed the freedom of attending public school in the city, but Leia’d insisted she still had too many enemies for it to be safe, and arranged private tutors for him instead. Snoke, in particular, was quite pleased with this arrangement as it meant that whenever Ben wasn’t in his lessons, he was pretty much always alone. Under his secret Master’s guidance, Ben had slowly been transforming various abandoned parts of the ranch into rudimentary training facilities for himself. Structures and obstacle courses and such that, to an untrained eye, wouldn’t seem too strange a hobby for a clever and athletically-inclined young boy. Han Solo’s watchful gaze went from curious to somewhat unsettled as he witnessed the proficiency with which his child was attacking the self-made configuration of dummies, booby-traps, and hurdles. Armed with the practice sword he’d requested for his birthday the year previous, Ben gracefully leapt from one wooden platform to another, slicing the head off a scarecrow before his feet even hit the ground. No sooner had he landed than he had grabbed a hanging rope and used it to swing himself across a muddy pit, landing in an effortless somersault from which he sprang, slicing and stabbing more straw-filled opponents. Han had draped himself forward over the fence, and involuntarily one of his weathered hands moved over, pressing an open splay of fingers against his mouth. Ben grunted with satisfaction as he reached the top of his makeshift climbing wall, finally having managed to scale it with the use of only one free hand. He reached above the edge with the arm holding his sword first, pulling the rest of his body after, and with a flourish he’d flipped his long legs up and over, landing on the dirt below in a controlled squat. A loud, slow clap startled Ben out of his concentration and he whipped his head around, sending a cascade of wavy hair across his brow. Han was standing up straight now, just beyond the edge of the paddock, applauding with a practiced sincerity. Ben shook the hair from his eyes as he stood, starring back at his father while he worked to catch his breath. “That was amazing,” Han congratulated as he opened up the gate and stepped through. “Really, very impressive.” He walked over to Ben with a goofy smile on his face, doing his best to embrace whatever proud dad-ness he could muster. Ben squinted at his approach, the setting suns casting an orange glow across his skeptical face. “When’d you get back?” he asked, rather than acknowledging the compliment. “Just now,” Han waved the question off. “Your uncle teach you to do that last time he was here?” Ben shrugged. He generally preferred to just be vague with his parents rather than outright lie. “Well geez, kid, you don’t seem very happy to see me-” Han held his arms out hopefully and Ben mumbled an apology before stepping into them. Ben felt his father’s hands rub affectionately against his back and was inclined to wrap his skinny arms around the man’s midsection. The return of the gesture stopped there, however, as one of his hands hung lifeless while the other maintained a deathgrip on the metal hilt of his sword. “I missed you, kiddo...” Han spoke gently as he laid a kiss atop the boy’s head. Ben said nothing, only pressing his face slightly harder against his dad’s shirt. /// Kylo tried desperately to roll himself over on the wet floor as a deep breath had turned into a cough, and in the midst of the cough he’d begun to choke. Halfway between being on his side and his stomach, Kylo was now able to clear his throat of all the blood and spit that had threatened to block it. As the expelled fluids splattered across the already stained and sweaty duracrete, Kylo admitted ruefully that it had made sense for Snoke to choose one of the more decrepit areas of the castle for his training. It had been two months now. Two months of re-living Ben Solo’s life one piece at a time, all the while Snoke sending varying types of pain and discomfort shooting through him from head to toe. He didn’t dare question his Master’s tactics, and as a result, Kylo didn’t entirely understand the practice that he’d been tortuously enduring these many weeks. He suspected it had something to do with him associating these memories with physical pain, and therefor learning to hate the mere idea of being Ben Solo... But at this stage in the process- as he dragged his bruised, bloodied, and aching body into a kneeling position while Snoke looked on, unimpressed- it was really only making him hate being Kylo Ren. “How are you feeling, my apprentice?” the commanding voice inquired tactlessly. “Fantastic.” Kylo spat another disgusting wad of juices onto the floor and looked up at Snoke expectantly. “My tutelage is boring you, my young warrior?” Snoke pressed, waving a bony arm to indicate the room, and within it, all the metaphorical knowledge he was offering. “No, Master,” Kylo answered. “It exhausts me.” Snoke leaned back in his chair, regarding the young Knight’s sudden bout of honesty. Kylo, in turn, remained on his knees and accepted his Master’s scrutiny... as he was simply too tired to do anything else. His day had begun with a sense of disquieting instability in the Force that told him something terrible was about to happen, and it had really only gotten worse from there. Snoke rested his crooked chin in the palm of his upturned hand and starred thoughtfully down at his protégé. The young man drooped forward, bracing his hands upon the floor to keep from toppling over. The Supreme Leader had also felt the disturbance earlier that morning... but unbeknownst to Kylo Ren, Snoke had been privy to what was causing it, and had managed to hide this information from the person it was most relevant to. It was almost impossibly uncommon that Snoke had ever been unsure or regretful of his actions regarding his carefully cultivated army of Knights... So it was with a slight sense of astonishment that he found himself re-evaluating the Force block he had placed upon the head Knight, at the time thinking it was for his own good. There was no doubt that the Supreme Leader regarded this young man, unfinished though he was, as his greatest tactical accomplishment. The pedigreed descendant of both royalty and war heroes; Jedi and Sith- Kylo Ren was the perfect weapon for whomever controlled him. But perhaps, he wondered, the leash he’d held all these years might have been kept too short for too long... restraining Kylo at his feet. Hindering his growth. Worst of all, Snoke began to worry that in his efforts to assure Kylo Ren had nothing to lose, he might also have cultivated a reality in which he had nothing to live for. Kylo’s palms suddenly began to sweat profusely, slicking the ground beneath them and causing him to slip forward. He pushed a knee out to brace himself, and as a chilling revelation tore through his consciousness his mouth fell agape. The torrent of images flooded into his mind and a stabbing pain overtook his gut. The feeling. The disturbance. It was meant to warn him. Only now... Only now it might be too late. Kylo lifted his head and proceeded to glare up at his Master with a murderous fervor even the Supreme Leader found alarming. “You... You knew.” His words came out like weapons to support the threat in his eyes. “I want only what is best for you, my appren-” Kylo was up and rushing for the door before Snoke could even finish. “Kylo Ren,” he commanded at the Knight’s back but was ignored. “KYLO REN,” Snoke thundered, bringing him to an unwelcome stop. Kylo spared an angry glance over his shoulder, panting impatiently. “After you have handled your... personal business, you will rendezvous with General Hux aboard the Finalizer and assist him in his campaign. And when I see fit... you will return here to complete your training. This is a grace I am affording you, and I suggest you don’t make the mistake of taking it lightly.” Kylo only deigned to blink in acknowledgment before spinning on his heels and fleeing his Master’s demanding presence. The second he was through the door Kylo broke into a full-out run, whipping past a startled contingent of guards and servants. As he rushed into the the open plaza area they sometimes used as a hangar on the castle grounds, Kylo thanked himself for the foresight in ordering his personal vessel be delivered three weeks ago when Hux had departed with their shuttle. He’d gotten off easy... Kylo groaned resentfully as he reached the Eta-2 Actis Class Light Interceptor and frantically climbed inside. He didn’t often pilot his own transportation but still it came like second nature as he flipped the necessary switches, primed the ignition, and set the coordinates in record time. The craft dutifully rumbled awake and in a flash of light it was gone, scoring the earth it had departed from. With the ship safely set into lightspeed, Kylo finally had a moment to stop and breathe. Relaxation of any sort was not in the cards, however, as he found that his fury at his Master’s manipulation of him was quickly being edged out by a profound sense of panic, rising in his throat like a sickening bile. He closed his eyes. Every decision he’d made in the past four years now coming back to haunt him, Kylo wondered at how he ever could have been so stupid. The Interceptor shuddered slightly, setting off a buzzing alarm, and instinctually he punched the gear panel with the side of his fist, correcting the problem. It was an older starship, vestige of a bygone era, and though it looked a bit rough and had its flaws- Kylo had found it to be surprisingly reliable and something of a strange comfort. He reached up and dragged his fingers through his thick hair, pushing it away from his face. Affording himself another comfort, he lifted his heavy helmet from the seat beside him and pulled it on, hearing the hiss of its mechanics for the first time in a long while. Kylo focused on taking deep, steady breaths that filled his lungs to capacity over and over, using the rhythmic sound of the mask’s modulator to try and keep himself calm. It was the longest flight of his life. /// The Interceptor landed forcefully on a patch of scorched earth and when Kylo lifted the overhead hatch, his cockpit quickly filled with black smoke, confirming his greatest fears. Climbing out of the craft in such a frenzy, Kylo’s foot slipped on the ladder and for a moment he was left dangling from it by his hands. He let go, landing on the ground with a thud, and turning around in circles he found that he could hardly see two feet in front of him. Kylo moved forward, through what used to be the garden, as beams of sunlight began breaking through the dark clouds. The ash floating through the air glinted under the bright sun, creating a kind of macabre winter scene complete with black snow falling from the sky. Kylo shut his eyes and reached out with the Force. He mentally berated himself for not noticing the loss of his connection for an entire day- Had he really been so neglectful of it lately? But there. He felt it. Soft. Frightened. But alive. Kylo sprinted into the still smoldering structure, a once great mansion now reduced to a collection of crumbling stone hallways and rooms with missing walls. He threw aside broken furniture and pulled crooked doors from their hinges, tearing across the palatial home with an unshakable focus. He didn’t even stop when he began to see the bodies. Past the empty bedrooms and through the shortcut in the dining hall, Kylo’s stride never faltered or slowed its pace. He was nearly there. ’If anything bad or scary ever happens- you go to your secret place. If someone comes to the house that you don’t know- you go to your secret place. If Uncle Takoda ever tells you to hide- you know where to go. Promise me.’ The door to the library was jammed shut and Kylo had to slam his shoulder into it three times before it splintered open. The fire hadn’t made it this far. He was jogging across the expansive room, his feet thumping on the series of elegant carpets that lined the floor, when he rounded the corner of a large reading table and froze. Just ahead of him, maybe ten feet away, was Takoda. Dead. Kylo slowly approached him and knelt down to check the old man’s pulse with his fingertips, but there was nothing. His eyes traveled over Takoda’s crumpled form, taking in his injuries. He looked to have been tortured. And then executed. Kylo shot to his feet and continued running until he reached the far corner of the room. He dropped to his knees in front of a particular floor-to-ceiling bookcase and reached out to tip the top corner of a blue leather bound book just slightly in his direction. A click sounded, followed by the whoosh of a three foot tall panel in the bookshelf swinging backwards into a hidden room. Kylo made himself as compact as possible and began crawling forward into the passageway. Twisting his shoulders to fit them through the small space, Kylo looked up and was met with the greatest relief of his entire life. Sitting atop a pile of tiny pillows and fuzzy blankets, with bright green eyes tinged red from crying, was Uncas. Three years old now, and the lone survivor of a calculated massacre that either meant to capture- or kill him. Uncas looked back the mask that so many regarded with either fear or contempt and went scrambling towards it with sheer, unbridled joy. “Daddy,” his already quiet voice muffled even more as Kylo enveloped the boy in his arms. “You’re home.” /// Poe Dameron leaned inconspicuously against the open doorway of the hangar bay, staring intently across the small tarmac. About sixty feet away was Rey, decked in a pair of oil-stained coveralls, working tirelessly under the hot afternoon sun. The X-Wing she was currently servicing had its guts half spilled out on the ground, and Poe found himself amused by the way Rey was jumping over various machinery and plane parts. Almost like a child playing hopscotch. He pushed himself off the wall and started over to her, grinning when BB-8 zoomed up to accompany him. Rey turned at their approach and used the sleeve of her coverall to mop the sweat from her brow. “Hey,” Rey squinted in their direction. “What’s going on?” “Nothing, nothing at all, just...” Poe waved his hand in the air, “Wanted to say ‘hey’.” “Okay,” Rey replied, not entirely convinced. She gave an awkward smile. “Actually there was something,” Poe admitted. “What is it?” Poe pushed his hands into his pockets. “I, uh, wanted to see if I could convince you to come with me to the intelligence briefing that’s about to start.” Rey made a confused face and let her mouth hang open for a minute before responding. “Why would you- I mean, no,” she shook her head. “I don’t belong there.” “I think you’re wrong about that.” Poe took in the chaotic mess around them, “ This is where you don’t belong... You should be piloting one of these things- not changing its oil.” “I just repaired the low pressure oxidizer turbopump, thank you very much,” Rey countered haughtily. “You know what I mean,” Poe pointed his chin at her. “The Resistance has plenty of good mechanics, Rey. What they don’t have is a powerful Force-user that can do things in battle that no one else can...” “I don’t use the Force anymore," Rey dismissed. She then made a show of picking up a socket wrench from her toolbox only to then realize she had no immediate use for it and simply began tapping it against the side of her leg. Poe was undeterred. “C’mon, I saw you use it in the mess hall just yesterday-” “That was-” Rey prickled defensively and pointed her wrench towards the commissary building. “Their refusal to make me an omelette after oh-eight-hundred hours is absurd.” Poe chuckled. “Fair enough... I still say your talents are being wasted here, though. And as much as I’m sure we’d all like to take advantage of your late morning breakfast hook-up, I think if you really wanted to serve the Resistance and make a difference... you’d stop being afraid of your power and actually put it to some good use.” “I’m not afraid,” Rey mumbled towards her feet. “So come with me then,” Poe urged. “The General has information about new First Order activity and I suspect she’s going to be tasking me with a covert mission. If it would help me to bring you along, I’d very much like to do that.” Rey regarded him for a moment and let out a deep breath. “All right... I’ll go with you to the meeting.” Poe nodded and BB-8 made a pleased chirp. “ However if I feel I’ve got nothing to add or contribute, that’s it. No more flack from you and I get to go back to what I’m comfortable doing.” “Deal,” Poe stuck his hand out to shake Rey’s. When he pulled it back he involuntarily made a face at the transfer of engine muck he’d just received. “You uh, might want to get cleaned up first, though.” He looked up at Rey and pointed a finger at the area just above her eyeline, “You got a little something there.” Poe smiled and headed off towards the strategy conference room, BB-8 trailing behind him. Rey frowned, and turned to walk over to a reflective panel hanging off the side of the craft to get a look at herself. “Great,” she grumbled upon seeing the streak of shiny, black grease that she’d managed to smear across her forehead. “That’s just... great.” /// Hux watched from the docking bridge, hands stiffly clasped behind his back, as Kylo’s private vessel landed in the hangar bay. “General,” a timid voice spoke from behind him, “Should we send an arrival party to assist Lord Ren?” “No,” Hux firmly answered, not removing his focus from the small ship as it began to power down. “Leave him be.” Moments later the ship’s cockpit opened up and Kylo carefully climbed out, a small bundle wrapped protectively in his arms. He was nearly to the interior end of the hangar when he sensed someone watching them and stopped. He looked up, and through the glass wall of the bridge, Kylo could see the frustrated mix of relief and anger on the General’s face. Kylo stared back at him for a long moment, his mask revealing nothing of his emotions. Hux resented the privacy that this afforded the other man, and coolly took a step backwards, obscuring himself in the shadows. Kylo lowered his gaze and adjusted his grip on Uncas’s sleeping form before continuing on through the doorway and into the belly of the ship. “Sir?” Hux didn’t reply and the anxious second officer was forced to raise his voice. ”Sir?” “What is it?” Hux spat as he whipped around. Officer Istu cleared his throat and proceeded, “Sir, now that... everyone’s on board, should we notify the flight crew that they’re clear to make our jump to the core worlds?” Hux glared back at a room full of anticipatory faces all frozen in wait for his approval, and restrained himself from rolling his eyes. “Yes, obviously.” He strode towards the exit and barked to no one in particular, “Must I do everything?” He slammed his fist against the door release and was gone in an instant, leaving the room in a stunned silence. Kylo, meanwhile, had returned to the private quarters he’d not seen since before the destruction of Starkiller Base. It was a modest collection of rooms, dark and undecorated, not really a proper place for a child. But it would have to do, he reasoned. At least for now. After gently laying Uncas down on the bed, careful not to wake him, Kylo removed his helmet and began collecting all the pillows and blankets he could find. He then used them to build a kind of protective cushion around the child, in case he should roll over in his sleep or get jostled by the movement of the ship. Stepping back to inspect his work, the young Knight bit at his lower lip. The makeshift crib looked functional enough, but as always Kylo was left with the sinking feeling that he didn’t quite know what he was doing as a parent. Before he could delve any deeper into self-doubt his attention was called to a knock at the door. Kylo was quick to exit the bedroom and close it off, protecting Uncas from any further noise, but he dragged his feet walking from there to the main door. He even took the time to check the hallway surveillance monitor, despite already knowing who was there. Another knock sounded. Hux listened to the locks disengage as he stewed in his annoyance at Kylo making him wait for so long. When the door finally opened an unmasked Kylo stood before him, effortlessly blocking the entryway with his large frame. Hux lifted his chin in an attempt to be taller. “I want to see him.” Kylo regarded Hux in his agitated state and took his time before answering. “No.” Hux bristled. “Right, well, I was actually just humoring you, Ren- that wasn’t a request.” Kylo spared no verbal response, but his choice to not move even slightly out of the way said plenty. Hux glared back at Kylo’s unfazed expression, feeling impotent in the knowledge that he could never in his wildest dreams pose any sort of physical threat to the man standing before him. “He’s mine too, you know,” Hux argued desperately. “You can't keep him from me forever." His plea fell on deaf ears however, and Kylo gave a cold smirk before stepping back into the room just enough to shut the door in Hux’s face. The normally composed General then proceeded to punch an inanimate object for the second time in less than twenty minutes. full res poster via tumblr Notes: OKAY I CAN EXPLAIN. So I know I said Kylo & Rey would (probably) meet up in this chapter... but then I started writing it. And it got long. Very long. So long that I had to split it into two parts. Hidden blessing though in that the next one is already 90% done and I'll be posting it soon. But yeah, chapter 5 is looking like the reunion at this point... Sorrrrry. This is the slowest burn in town, folks. Chapter 4 : Compromise Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey only had just enough time to wash her face and change her shirt, rushing to arrive at the briefing two minutes late. When she opened the door it groaned loudly causing every set of eyes in the room to shift in her direction. She blanched, feeling immediate regret at letting Poe talk her into this. “Sorry, I-” “Rey,” General Organa kindly beckoned her into the crowded room, “Please, come in. Poe told us you’d be joining.” Rey cautiously stepped forward and closed the door behind her. She spotted Poe waving at her from the far left side of the conference table, indicating that he’d saved her a seat. Probably figuring it was the least he could do. Leia didn’t wait for Rey to settle in before continuing her introductory remarks and Rey grimaced at the realization that she had in fact interrupted her. “Like I was saying, the reason I’ve brought you all here today is that we’ve collected enough information from our outposts and recon ships to confirm that the First Order has adopted a new domination strategy in the wake of their primary weapon being destroyed.” Leia spared an appreciative nod in Poe and Rey’s direction before continuing, “It seems that in lieu of building another large scale base of operations they’ve begun diversifying, spreading themselves to the farthest reaches, one planet at a time.” “Hostile takeovers?” Admiral Statura spoke up. “No, it appears that they’re... bribing them." Leia shook her head incredulously as she continued, “Even systems that so recently were subjects of the New Republic are now openly pledging their allegiance to the First Order.” “What are they bribing them with?” Poe spoke up. “Money?” “Money... trade rights... safe interplanetary passage... you name it.” “Now how come we never thought of that?” Snap Wexley grumbled from the back of the room. Leia shrugged ruefully, “Unfortunately we lack the First Order’s bank account...” “Where do they get all their funding from, anyhow?” another pilot questioned. “Maybe Kylo Ren won it in a beauty contest,” Wexley suggested, laughing at his own joke. Rey’s eyes immediately darted over to General Organa, only to catch her trying to mask any sort of reaction she might have had to the mention of her son’s adopted name. Watching her, it suddenly occurred to Rey that not everyone might be privy to Kylo Ren’s true identity nor his relationship to the esteemed Resistance General, and it was probably best she not mention it to anyone. The ribbing about the notoriously dashing Knight of Ren continued until a strategic officer named Enola interrupted the rowdy contingent to ask, “Are we even sure that Kylo Ren is still alive?” The room turned in Enola’s direction and seemed to be considering the question for the very first time. “I just mean,” she nervously continued, “No one has even seen or heard anything about him in months, not since Starkiller was destroyed and-” “He’s alive.” It took Rey a moment to register all the faces that had just shifted to look at her, and realized with some alarm that it had been her voice that just spoke. “How... how do you know that?” Enola questioned. Rey awkwardly cleared her throat, the gurgle seeming especially loud as everyone waited with rapt attention for her answer. “Oh, I uh, I don’t... I only meant,” she paused her verbal fumbling to dart her eyes around the room, wishing someone would interrupt and save her, but alas. “It’s just that I saw... lights. When I was boarding the Falcon I looked back... at where I’d left him. Kylo Ren. So... I just figured... You know, that... Someone must have... got- gotten him." She licked her lips, praying that this was an adequate answer and everyone would go back to ignoring her. “And you’re confident the injuries he sustained in your battle weren’t life threatening?” No such luck. “Um... I’m not a doctor so I don't-” “In your best estimate?” the same, unfamiliar voice asked. Rey took a deep breath before speaking in an effort to sound confident. “I would say... I’d say his first wound, the bowcaster shot he took while still inside the oscillator, was by far his worst injury, and even that didn’t stop him from chasing down Finn and I and nearly killing us both.” Snap Wexley leaned in from his chair and snidely insisted, “But that was just like- a graze, right? I mean, no one could actually-” “No, it hit him full-on,” Rey corrected. “He was bleeding heavily throughout our entire fight.” The assembled party responded to Rey’s statements with a combination of skepticism, shock, and even some reluctant awe. “Ask Chewbacca, if you don’t believe me,” she insisted. “Look, I don’t know if this has been made clear to everyone, I’ve heard some comments and whispering around here the last couple months and I just want to set the record straight- If Kylo Ren hadn’t been grievously injured when I challenged him to that duel... I’d be dead now. That’s a fact.” “But he wasn’t so injured that you think he might not have survived?” Admiral Statura questioned. “No. Like I said-” “Rey,” General Organa stopped her with a gentle raise of her hand. Rey sat back in her seat, clamping her mouth shut. Leia had noted the girl’s building frustration and thought it best to interject before things got too out of hand. “I think we’re getting off track here... Until we have confirmation otherwise, we are to assume any and all known First Order operatives are still at large and still an imminent threat.” Leia slapped a hand down on the table, activating a solar map hologram that hovered above it, and briskly moved ahead with her presentation. “The planet Balmorra. Having at different times in the last hundred years been under the domain of both the Republic and the Empire, this industrial world is home to some of the largest weapons manufacturing plants in the galaxy. So as you can imagine, with the New Republic out of the picture, Balmorra makes a very enticing target for the First Order.” “What’s your plan of attack?” Admiral Ackbar finally spoke up. “I want to send in a small, covert team to infiltrate the higher echelon of Bin Prime, the planet’s capitol, and set a trap before the Order has a chance to get there.” “And we’re sure they haven’t made contact already?” Ackbar inquired. “Not yet,” Leia answered. “But it’s only a matter of time and we need to act immediately. I need six volunteers.” Before Leia had even made a full turn around the room, Poe was on his feet. “General, I’d like to lead this mission- with your approval.” Leia smiled gratefully at him, “Without question.” She slid a file folder across the table to land in front of Poe and he picked it up but waited to look inside. “Take an hour to assemble your team and bring them to Hangar 3. I’ll have a ship prepped with all the necessary supplies, ready to go.” “Thank you, General,” Poe nodded. Leia waved a hand to the crowd, “Dismissed.” Everyone began to shuffle out of the room but before Rey could get very far a hand reached out to grasp her shoulder. “Could I talk to you for a minute?” Rey turned to see Leia with an urgent look on her face. She glanced back as the door shut behind her before returning her attention to the General. “Of course,” Rey attempted to sound casual, hoping to overcome the fear that she was about to be in trouble for something. “It’s nothing,” Leia soothed, seeming to read her thoughts. “There was just something I wanted to... clarify. When you mentioned earlier-” “I’m sorry if I said anything that-” Leia shushed her and continued. “It’s just that I wanted to ask... Is there something I should know about-- you and my son?” Rey’s look of utter astonishment was priceless, but Leia quickly continued before it had a chance to become anything else. “You see, I know that Ben is still alive...” She casually leaned against the edge of the table, folding her arms across her chest. “I was just- curious, how you knew.” Rey became flustered, gapping her mouth a bit, “Like I said I-” “Rey, honey,” Leia interrupted once again. “Please don’t bullshit me. I’m too old for bullshit.” Rey’s eyebrows arched in surprise but one look at Leia’s stern face told her there was no real option here but to come clean. She let out a large sigh that puffed out her cheeks for a moment and began fiddling with the hem of her shirt. “I... I don’t really know how to explain it.” “Try.” Rey struggled to maintain eye contact, finding she could only hold it for a second or two before having to look elsewhere. “I can... I can feel him...” She glanced at the General, hoping to read her response, but found her expression rather inscrutable. Whether this was the explanation Leia had been expecting, or a complete surprise, Rey really couldn’t say. Leia pondered Rey’s answer for a moment before thinking to ask, “Did Luke know?” Rey bit her lip and nodded. “I see... That explains some things, I suppose.” “General, I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to lie to you, I just-” “It’s okay,” Leia shrugged. She seemed to be taking it way better than Rey would’ve ever expected her to. “It’s a funny thing to have to tell someone. Especially... someone's mother." Rey held her hands out in front of her, waving them helplessly. “I honestly have no idea what’s going on. Sometimes I feel like I’m inside of his head... seeing through his eyes and hearing his thoughts... And other times, other times it’s like he’s right there in the room. Standing next to me. Practically breathing down my neck.” Leia smiled sympathetically at Rey and uncrossed her arms to slide her hands into her trouser pockets. “I’m sorry you’ve been struggling with this, Rey. I can’t imagine it’s been easy... But, and I know this is going to sound crazy, I’m actually quite jealous of you.” Rey was finally able to look the General head-on, but now it was the elder of the two women who struggled to lift her eyes from the floor. “I’d give anything to be able to understand him better...” she continued mournfully. “To be near him.” Leia looked to be on the edge of tears and Rey decided to give her some space. “If that's everything, I'll just-” Leia looked up at her, sniffling. “I’m sorry, it seems like every time we’re alone together I turn into a blubbering mess...” “No,” Rey consoled her, “You’re fine. Don’t- don’t worry about it.” Leia nodded and Rey gave a quick, close-mouthed smile and headed for the door. “Rey?” Leia called after her. Rey turned back and waited. “Would you...” Leia pushed her shoulders back and looked at Rey hopefully. “Would you go with Poe- on this mission? I’d really feel better knowing he had you on his team.” “General, I-” “Just give it some thought. Maybe it would do you some good. To have a distraction?” Rey gave a small, appeasing nod and headed out of the room. She wandered aimlessly down the corridor, lost in her own thoughts. Wondering if the General was right and it would help to have something else to focus on. Something other than him. When she reached the common area at the end of the hall, Rey looked up to find none other than Poe and Finn, both clearly waiting for her. The two men were sat atop a large table, legs dangling off the side, stupid grins on their faces. Rey rolled her eyes, dropping her head to one side. “So?” Poe charmingly nudged at her. “Are you in or are you in?” “She’s in, right?” Finn mockishly asked him. “Oh yeah,” Poe grinned, “She’s definitely in.” Rey shook her head bemusedly as she ambled toward them. “Yeah, yeah...” she grumbled. “I knew it!” Finn beamed as he high-fived his co-conspirator. “She’s in.” /// Kylo Ren was tired. And not in the had-a-rough-night, need-some-caffeine kind of way, either. He was bone tired. Soul tired. Sitting in an armchair that he’d pulled up beside the bed, watching Uncas as his tiny chest lifted up and down and his precious pink lips cooed and gurgled, Kylo felt the tense muscles in his neck knotting themselves together. He hadn’t slept. Not for months. Not really. If it wasn’t the nightmares keeping him restless each night, it was the dreams. Sometimes, when he was able to shut his eyes for a bit, he dreamt of his father. Of knowing him now, as an adult, and with a son of his own. They'd swap stories, Kylo would ask for advice, and Han Solo would watch his grandson grow older. Occasionally, he’d see his mother. Much older now. The result of both time and trauma. And only there- in his imagination- did she forgive him. But lately the dreams had been mostly of... her. The girl. He’d never even bothered to ask for her name. But in his momentary bouts of sleep he knew what it was. Knew everything. Knew her. Only for him to wake suddenly and find none of these things to be true. His father was dead. His mother, alone. And the nameless girl haunting his days probably never thought of him at all. Often times the dreams were far worse than the nightmares. Kylo was slowly rolling his neck in circles, trying to get it to relax, when he felt the ship shudder upon its exit from hyperspace. He looked to the intercom on the wall as it emanated a sequence of three soft tones before a lilting, robotic voice crackled through. ’All senior officers: please report to the main bridge. I repeat, all senior officers to the bridge.’ With a quiet groan, Kylo lifted himself from the chair and reluctantly moved from Uncas’s side. He shuffled over to the data panel on the living room wall and checked on the status of his cybernetic order. There were no pre-existing nanny droids aboard the Finalizer, seeing as before today there’d been no children, so Kylo had seen to it that one meant for protocol was being reprogrammed and sent to assist him in caring for Uncas. Kylo told himself the droid was meant to fill in for him while he was busy or away, but in truth he felt highly ill-equipped to be raising a child on his own and desperately needed both help and guidance. And circumstances being what they were, his only real option was to order a second and more knowledgeable parent essentially out of a catalog. After confirming that the droid would be ready soon, Kylo rather lazily began reapplying the outer layers of his uniform, skipping only the cowl, and ending with his mask. He glanced back at the bedroom before leaving his quarters and heading towards the bridge. He took his sweet time, stopping at one point to simply stare out of a viewing window for a solid minute, and ultimately was the last to arrive. The assembled officers did not fail to notice the rather languid pace of Kylo Ren’s entrance, much in contrast to how he normally moved about the ship, and nor were they ignorant to the waves of irritation rolling off of General Hux in response. “How kind of you to grace us with your presence,” Hux drawled from behind a bank of monitors. Kylo ignored him and moved to stand beside Lt. Mitaka, who looked just about ready to jump out of his skin. Hux gave a small nod to Capt. Phasma, who stepped forward and began detailing the mission they were about to embark on. Everyone gave their undivided attention as she spoke, save for Kylo who was trying not to be too obvious in his lack of interest, and Hux, who had noticed. Phasma was taking questions now and Kylo found his focus drifting to look out of the observation windows. There was a large, gaseous world, burnt-red in color, looming just ahead and it occurred to Kylo that it wasn’t one he was familiar with. “What’s that?” he asked, silencing the group. Hux rolled his eyes away from Kylo and needlessly inspected a readout on the monitor in front of him. “It’s a planet, Ren,” he snarked. Kylo very slowly turned back in Hux’s direction and raised his brow beneath his mask, almost impressed with the General’s openly hostile interjection. Several sets of eyes shifted uncomfortably between the two men. “It’s the planet Balmorra, Sir,” Capt. Phasma stepped in, clearing her throat and hopefully some tension from the air. “You’ll be leading the negotiation team to meet delegates from the capitol city while my troopers and I begin seizing control of the factories.” Kylo nodded and Phasma dutifully saluted him before turning back to Hux. “Dismissed, Captain. Have your envoy ready to ship out at oh-fourteen-hundred hours.” Phasma saluted the General before departing the bridge and the other assembled officers took this as their cue to disperse. Hux looked up challengingly at Kylo, who stood alone now, the nebbish Mitaka having fled from his side. “Can I have a minute?” Hux gestured to his office and walked over to it without waiting for Kylo’s response. When Kylo finally followed him in he found Hux trying to look calm but failing. Kylo had intentionally left the door open and the young General stepped around him with a huff to slam it shut. Hux took a deep breath. “I’m sure you’ll agree with me when I say that you and I have reached an impasse and it needs to be addressed before we can continue working together.” He glared resentfully at Kylo's helmet. “Are you really not going to take that thing off?” Kylo remained silent and unmoving. A dead-eyed statue in no mood to do anyone a favor. Hux made a noise like he was sucking a bit of food out from between his teeth and decided to get to the point. “Do I at least get to know his name?” Kylo was seriously considering maintaining his silence if only to anger Hux further, but ultimately he relented, and letting out a raspy breath through his modulator he answered. “Uncas.” Hux nodded, whispering the name back to himself, as if to get used to the sound. “You know, thanks to you, he’s pretty much the only family I have left,” Hux needled. Kylo sighed as he stepped away, feigning interest in the medals and framed filmsheets Hux had displayed on the far wall. He’d always refused to let Hux’s blameful taunts rattle him and today was no different. “What- still not talking to your parents?” he chided over his shoulder. Hux glared at Kylo’s back. “No, interestingly, my father still seems to be blaming me for your mistakes.” Kylo still refused to take the bait and continued perusing the General’s memorabilia, stopping only when he came across a familiar photo. It was a graduation class picture from Arkanis, breeding ground for so many of the First Order’s brutal elite, just as it had been previously for the Empire. It was easy to spot Hux, the only ginger-haired one in the group, and right there beside him was an unmistakable mop of black hair that sat above a pair of particularly large ears. He turned around to catch Hux looking very uncomfortable with where Kylo’s attention had just been and mercifully sought to lighten the mood. “I always hated that haircut...” Hux didn’t quite smile but his expression softened, as did the tone of his voice when he spoke again. “I just want to see him- talk to him a little, that’s all.” Kylo studied his counterpart’s face from behind the safety of his mask. Fighting the urge to continue dismissing him just as he had been for years. But he was about to leave the Finalizer for the length of this mission, and realistically he knew there wasn’t much he could do to prevent the General from going wherever he wanted in Kylo’s absence. It was best to just accept Hux’s request and set a few ground rules. “He’s really quiet...” Even through his mask, Kylo’s voice sounded gentler when speaking of his son. “Not that he’s shy or anything. He just- doesn’t like to talk very much.” Hux nodded hopefully. Progress, this was progress. “And he’s been through a lot. Everyone... everyone was dead when I got there.” Hux’s brow furrowed angrily. “Do you have any idea who-” “No,” Kylo cut him off. “But I will soon enough. And when I’ve found whoever did this-- I will use every last resource of the First Order to wipe them from existence.” “Yes,” Hux adamantly agreed. “I shall help you however possible.” Kylo spared Hux a grateful nod before heading for the door. “Come on,” he spoke ahead of him. “Come meet your nephew.” Hux did his best not to look too eager as he followed Kylo through the doorway and away from the bridge, ignoring whatever strange looks they received from the assembled crew. They walked through the halls in silence and just before reaching Kylo‘s door the Knight stopped so suddenly that Hux almost stumbled into him. ”Don‘t- don‘t say anything to him about me that you wouldn‘t want me to find out about. I guarantee you he‘d tell me.” ”Ren, I‘m not here to-” “And I don’t want you telling him about his mother,” he quickly added. Hux‘s face flashed with surprise before he covered it with a look of frustration. “Are we not even saying her name now?” “I mean it,” Kylo reasoned. “He’s too young. And... it would only confuse him.” “Fine,” Hux agreed before impatiently indicating the entrance to Kylo’s quarters. Kylo reached over to the panel and punched his code in, opening the door with a whoosh. The two men were barely a step inside before being assaulted with an aggressively cheerful greeting. “Why hello, Master Ren. General Hux, Sir. I would like to introduce myself, I am H-3PO, human-cyborg relations, formally an interpretor and communications expert here on the Finalizer just as I had been on many other infamous star destroyers and First Order strongholds, now repurposed for personal child care and home defense.” Hux physically recoiled from the blue-tinted humanoid and turned to Kylo, “What is that?” “Fuck me, they sent a threepio,” Kylo groaned. “I beg your pardon?” H-3PO asked in confusion. “Nothing,” Kylo muttered. “Is he awake?” “Why yes Sir, Master Uncas is fully conscious now and playing in the bedroom. He asked for you upon my arrival and I informed him that all senior officers were currently assembled on the bridge and that you would return shortly.” “Wait here,” Kylo spoke to Hux, already tuning out all non-essential information from the irritatingly familiar droid. He then removed his helmet and went to the bedroom, closing the door behind him. “That’s a very nice belt buckle, General. Quite shiny.” Hux slowly turned his head, his wide eyes locking on the droid in disbelief. When Kylo entered his bedroom he found all the pillows and blankets dragged from the bed, draped over the armchair and piled onto the floor. Uncas had managed to make himself a kind of tent structure and was currently huddled beneath it. Kylo pushed his overcoat away from his legs and knelt down, gently lifting a corner of one of the blankets to peak inside. Uncas’s full cheeks scrunched up as he smiled back at the amusing image of his giant father trying to insert himself into such a tiny space. “I think if I try to come any further I’ll end up wearing your fort...” Uncas giggled softly and crawled forward, pressing himself up against the Knight’s chest. A shuddering breath came tumbling out of Kylo as he buried his face in the boy’s hair, intoxicating himself with affection and wondering how he’d ever been convinced to leave Uncas in the first place. Snoke. It was Snoke, he remembered. He had told Kylo that hiding the child away was best. That he should let others raise and care for him. That he would only cause harm. And he’d been just young, gullible, and insecure enough to believe it. What’s done is done, Kylo thought as he watched Uncas slide out of his arms and lay down across the padded floor, pulling a pillow up against his tummy. He had him back now and that was all that mattered. Kylo reached out and grasped a few of Uncas’s toes between his fingers and wiggled them comfortingly as he spoke. “I’ve got to go to work for awhile but you’ll be safe here on the ship while I’m gone, ok? I got you a droid to take care-” “Haytch,” Uncas informed him happily. Oh great, he’d already given that nuisance a nickname... “Right. Haytch is gonna look out for you till I get back.” Uncas nodded, unfazed. ‘Why should it bother him that I’m leaving again so soon?’ Kylo scolded himself. ’Not like I’ve been around much before.’ Kylo bit back his feelings of insufficiency and continued. “There’s also someone else I want you to meet, his name is Armie and he’s your uncle.” Uncas’s face lit up. He didn’t speak aloud but his projected thoughts asked if this new uncle was like his Uncle Takoda. Kylo scrunched his forehead sadly, “No, not exactly... Me and Uncle Armie knew each other when we were younger. He’s... sort of like a brother to Daddy.” Uncas seemed to accept this and squished his face into the pillow he was holding. Kylo released his grip on Uncas’s foot and brought two fingers up to his mouth for a kiss that he then pressed against the boy’s cheek. “I’ll be back soon, kiddo. Be good for your robot.” Kylo scooted back out of the tent and heard Uncas softly correct him. “Haytch.” Kylo shook his head. “Right, sorry. Haytch.” Kylo stood, softly smiling to himself, but made sure to adopt a more stoic expression before opening the door. No need to start showing weakness in front of Hux now, even if they were technically family. He poked his head out of the bedroom and was amused to find Hux and the droid still standing in the middle of the main living space, staring warily at each other. “Am I interrupting?” Kylo asked, quirking an eyebrow at them. “Not in the least,” Hux tugged at his already perfectly straight jacket and stepped forward. He gave Kylo an inquiring look and was grateful when the Knight stepped aside, allowing him to enter the smaller room. He spotted the makeshift dwelling on the floor and looked back at Kylo, unsure. Kylo nodded towards the blankets encouragingly and leaned up against the doorframe to observe, coming to a kind of peace with this new development. He saw a flicker of disdain cross Hux’s face at the prospect of crawling around on the floor, and had to stifle a laugh as the General tugged his pant legs upwards, loosening the material enough to kneel. It was probably just as well he hadn’t let him meet Uncas as an infant. Hux reached out for the blanket but thought better of it and knocked timidly on the floor instead. “Hello?” he asked, tilting his head. Before Kylo could witness any more of this already rather amusing exchange, the intercom came to life again and informed him that his crew was assembled and waiting for him in the hangar. “Hux?” Kylo stopped him as he was lifting up the edge of the blankets. Hux looked back at him. “Keep him safe.” Hux nodded confidently and Kylo turned away to gather his mask and cowl. He found both items in the helpful arms of Haytch and scowled as he retrieved them. The cowl went on first, then the helmet, and then his gloves. He left his quarters this time without needing to look back. Knowing his son was in safe hands until he returned. /// Rey was back in her dorm room and though she still didn’t have enough time to shower she was at least able to change into some fresh clothes. Dark grey utility pants, tucked into a pair of standard issue black combat boots. A grey t-shirt with the orange Resistance logo embroidered on the top left corner of her chest, and a matching grey bomber jacket that puffed out around her torso and cinched in at her hips. There was nothing wrong with the uniform, per say. It was functional. Comfortable. But as Rey stared back at her reflection in the mirror she just couldn’t help but think it simply wasn’t her. She looked like a soldier. And she felt like a fraud. Rey sighed and turned away from her reflection, going to collect the rest of her things. She slung her napsack over one shoulder and looked down at the lightsaber that lay atop the nightstand. Was it her’s now? she wondered. Skywalker had rejected it... and Maz Kanata had encouraged her to wield it... But Rey was no Jedi, and no longer had any hope of becoming one. It seemed odd for her to continue using the specifically mystical weapon. A week or so after he’d awoken, Finn had regaled her with Kylo Ren’s insistence back when they’d been fighting on Starkiller- that the saber rightfully belonged to him. And Rey had to admit that considering the weapon’s lineage, his claim made a demented sort of sense. Which was appropriate for the Force user in question. No, she decided. She wouldn’t take the saber with her on this mission. Not when a blaster would work just fine. She nervously picked up the hilt, always worried now that touching it could bring her another terrifying vision, and walked over to the trunk at the foot of her bed. Punching in the code, she lifted the heavy lid and deposited the weapon inside. How fitting it should lie beside the pilfered memory sticks and holovid projector she’d already stashed there. No one had yet noticed the missing projector and Rey wasn’t going to return it until they did. Not when she was so consumed with watching those videos over and over again. She blushed, self-aware enough to know it was ultimately wrong for her to be so impertinent. To usurp memories from someone else’s life and use them to indulge her voyeurism so freely. Even if they were his memories. Even if he deserved so much worse. Rey closed the lid of the trunk and locked it, hiding away her secrets. She stood, scanning the room once more for anything she might have forgotten before heading out. /// When Rey arrived at the small shuttle she found everyone else already onboard, with Finn awaiting her on the ramp. He smiled broadly at her approach and reached out to take her bag. “Hey, you look great,” he offered, gesturing at her uniform. Rey smiled meekly and followed him into the ship. She’d off-handedly assumed that Poe would assign her to be his co-pilot but peering into the already crowded cockpit she dejectedly realized that wasn’t the case. Lt. Stanhope looked to be helping Poe fly the ship and meanwhile Finn was directing Rey to one of the nondescript crew seats in the back. No sooner was everyone strapped in then Poe had them airborne and on their way to Balmorra. The shakiness of the journey was a strange comfort to Rey, and she quickly came to realize how much she’d missed space travel these past couple months that she’d spent grounded on the base. A short while into the trip, Stanhope walked into the back and began detailing everyone’s duties regarding the infiltration and the setting of their trap. Rey waited patiently to hear her role in the stealth activities but it never came. Finally she interrupted him to ask, “What about me?” “You’re the muscle,” Poe cheerfully supplied from over his shoulder. Stanhope nodded in agreement and turned his attention to Rey. “Pretty much we just need you to watch our backs. Give us a heads up if you spot any enemies approaching. Rey did her best to hide the disappointment. All this fuss and deliberation just for her to be the glorified lookout? Stanhope continued to prattle on, but even only half-listening Rey could tell none of it was especially relevant to her. It’s just as well then, that an increasingly familiar sensation began creeping up the back of her neck. Her brow was suddenly damp with a sheen of perspiration and yeap, sure enough, there was his scent. Rey gritted her teeth and dug her fingernails into the armrests on either side of her. She felt an impossibly dry gust of hot air brush across her face and she squinted at a bright sunlight that didn’t exist within the ship she was on. Taking a deep breath she found the musky aroma of Kylo Ren to be accompanied by a hint of sulfur and some kind of metallic essence in the air. And wherever he was, it was hot. The sweat coming from Rey increased substantially just before coming to an abrupt end, returning Rey to the relative darkness and recycled air of the Resistance shuttle. She tried to discretely collect herself but Finn finally noticed something was awry and leaned over to whisper in her ear. “You okay?” Rey nodded. Finn caught a slight tremor in her hands as she set them down in her lap and asked again, “Are you sure?” “Yeah,” Rey assured him. “I’m fine. I just... Suddenly I have a bad feeling about this.” Finn smiled and shook his head at her concerns. “Nah, don’t stress. Everything’s gonna go down just fine. You’ll see.” Rey wanted to believe Finn and his earnestness, but as they began making their descent through the atmosphere of Balmorra and thick, red plumes of smoke and gas enveloped the craft, the feelings of dread and impending danger only grew stronger. He felt so close. full res poster via tumblr Notes: Kylo & Rey finally reunite in the next chapter (!!) Thanks for burning super slow with me ;) Chapter 5 : Collision Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren stood with his back to the assembly, staring out of the floor-to-ceiling windows that lined the East wall. The negotiations had been going on for the better part of two hours now and Kylo had never been so certain of his lack of interest in politics as he was in this moment. He’d studied them of course, both as part of a standard classical education and at his mother’s insistence. But matters of state had bored him as an adolescent and they bored him still. The mundane details, the petty compromises... Kylo struggled to see the value in arguing over things that already had such clear resolutions. War wasn’t about coming to an understanding. It was about strength. Leverage. Power. When faced with occupation by a dominant adversary, you realistically have only two options. Fight... or surrender. Nobility or practicality. This bargaining nonsense grated on Kylo’s nerves. Looking out over the waste-ravaged horizon he wondered at why the Balmorrans were even resisting the First Order’s subjugation of their toxic planet in the first place. At least if they were under the Order’s domain they might have a chance at contending with their environmental problems, in particular the metal parasites that had moved from the factory wastelands and were presently feasting on the durasteel buildings and bridges right here in the capitol. With the New Republic gone, Balmorra was a lost nation. A drifting rowboat with no oars. The First Order was their savior, come to deliver them unto prosperity and renewed productivity. They should be on their knees and thanking us, Kylo seethed to himself. Not sitting behind him, whining about trade percentages. “Well that should settle it then, if we’re all in agreement...” The voice of lead negotiator Lt. Winnetka remained controlled and authoritative, but his volume had suddenly increased, indicating that he was now speaking beyond the length of the table. “That is, if you have nothing to add, Lord Ren?” he specifically directed to the Knight’s sunlit silhouette. Kylo turned his head and was about to nod in approval when a pot-marked, greasy haired Balmorran began flapping his mouth. “Oh, does it actually speak? We thought him a specter come to haunt us into submission...” The assembled First Order officers and a few wise Balmorrans stiffened knowingly in fear as Kylo slowly allowed his body to follow the path of his head and he turned to face the brazen loudmouth head on. “You do look so much like Vader...” the man sneered. “And I reckon you’re just as hopelessly inept at diplomacy as he was. Nothing more than an rabid-mouthed attack dog, always threatening to break from its leash.” Kylo steeled himself. This weasel deserved not so much as a hint of emotion from him. When he spoke, Kylo made certain to keep his timber steady and unnervingly calm. “If you’re seeing phantoms, Sir, then perhaps you’re much closer to death than you’d realized.” A quick exchange of wary looks bounced around the boardroom before an elderly gentleman- the Balmorran Minister of Finance, braced himself to speak in defense of his colleague’s ignorance. “Your excellency, I beg your forgiveness, he didn’t mean-” Kylo silenced him with the raising of a gloved hand. “Minister, are you satisfied with today’s negotiations?” Kylo asked old man whilst keeping his masked gaze focused on the slightly younger instigator. “Yes, Lord Ren. Very.” Kylo moved closer. Gliding. Stalking. “So a further ten percent reduction of controlling interests in your weapons export would not be to your liking then?” The Minister balked. “Sir, I beg you... That would devastate our economy.” “Indeed it would. So I leave you with a choice-” Kylo had moved to stand quite close behind the man who’d disparaged him and watched as he only just now began to regret his words. “Your Councilman Borega, here... Or your precious ten percent.” “My Lord, I-” the Minister grappled for a reply but was interrupted by the panicked pleas of Borega. “This is madness! You can’t just let this- this- ghoul come in here and threaten me! I’ve been a member of this assembly for over three decades! You need me!” Borega tried to climb from his chair but in the blink of an eye Kylo’s lightsaber was in his hand and activated, spitting sparks in the Councilman’s face as he nervously lowered himself back into the seat. “Minister?” Kylo sought the old man’s answer. “I- I don’t know what to say,” he admitted. “How can I sign this man’s death warrant?” “Because it’s what’s best for your people, Minister Xaiem. One man’s life for the stability of millions,” Kylo soothed, still holding his saber inches from the Councilman’s face. “The answer should be simple.” Minister Xaiem sighed and dropped his head down, giving a slight nod of acceptance in Kylo Ren’s direction. “Very well,” Kylo took a step back and Borega gaped at the Minister’s submission before casting desperate looks around the table in search of a savior, but finding none. Unexpectedly Kylo disengaged his saber, the fiery blade retracting with a rumbling hiss, and Borega spun his chair around to face the Knight in confusion. He looked at the hilt in Kylo’s hand, then up at his masked visage, a flicker of hope passing through the Councilman’s eyes. “You’ve not earned a death at my hand, Councilman Borega. Not in this life, or the next.” Kylo turned to the two stormtroopers guarding the door and beckoned them over. “Sir?” they asked, coming to stand before him. “Take this man outside to the front steps and execute him.” “Yes, Sir.” The troopers quickly pulled the stunned Councilman from his seat and began dragging him out of the room, the toes of his boots squeaking as they left black trails of rubber across the floor. The door slammed shut behind them and Kylo casually made his way back over to the window. He looked down at the bustling plaza, pleased that there would be many witnesses. “I should inform you, Minister Xaiem, that Councilman Borega had been siphoning off credits into his own personal accounts for nearly eight years.” Kylo didn’t need to look back to see the surprised and disturbed faces of the assembled Balmorrans. “I need not prove it to you, you’ll find the money yourselves without much trouble,” Kylo informed. “But how,” the Minister questioned. “How did you know?” Kylo didn’t bother to answer and everyone’s attention was soon drawn to a commotion down below. Countless citizens began screaming and running for cover as the two stormtroopers tossed the disgraced politician down the capitol steps and raised their blasters at him. The rest of the delegation joined Kylo at the wall of windows and peered down in morbid curiosity. The troopers informed the frightened populace that this man was being terminated by order of Kylo Ren and the First Order and quickly fired their blasters in unison, sending Borega sprawling out face first at the base of the steps. While some of the Balmorran council, and even a couple First Order officers, shuddered in distaste for the violent and very public act- the others now looked at Kylo Ren with a newfound sort of respect. “Your traitor has been dispatched and once news of his death spreads your citizens will be unlikely to resist a partnership between Balmorra and the Order,” Kylo spoke confidently. “So... win-win.” Lt. Winnetka cast a look over to the towering figure in black and wondered at what measure of his behavior was impulsive and what was entirely calculated. Perhaps that was why Snoke and Hux had tasked the Master Knight with this commission. Not to oversee negotiations and approve settlements... But to put the fear of god in everyone. /// Kylo was back on his command shuttle, sitting in the small private room in the rear of the ship, waiting impatiently to leave. He’d removed his helmet and was resting his head back against the cool metal wall, peering down his nose at the empty bench across from him. No one ever rode with Kylo in this tiny compartment, save for that one time. He recalled pointedly ignoring the curious looks that were directed his way as he’d carried the girl onboard in his arms and walked straight to the back without stopping. He easily could’ve passed her off to a stormtrooper, or hell, even just dumped her on the floor. But no. After the automatic door shut behind him, Kylo laid the girl down gently, feeling his breath catch in his throat as he slid his arms out from under her. He stepped backwards, folding himself into the seat opposite her and stared. She was young, several years his junior at least, but on the cusp of being hardened and prematurely aged by life. Her skin was tanned and her garments filthy, telling him that she’d clearly been living in the harsh desert landscape of Jakku for some time. Everything about her seemed economical, practical. Save perhaps for her elaborate hairstyle, it having come slightly undone as Kylo had chased her through the woods. The pursuer in question was currently gripping the arm rests of his chair, digging his fingers into the leather as he fought the urge to reach out and brush a stray bit of hair from her face. It had been quite some time since Kylo had been alone with a woman, and the circumstances of this encounter were, surprisingly, entirely new. He considered momentarily going back into her mind while she slept. Finding out what she knew about the map, and why. But he hesitated. Kylo shook his head at himself, recognizing immediately the absurdity of wanting to wait for her to be conscious for the act. Wanting her to be aware. As though they’d be sharing something special and he didn’t want her to miss out. Or maybe it was that he somehow thought she might be impressed? Flattered? This day was certainly going in an unexpected direction. “Sir?” a timid voice coming through the intercom shook Kylo from his reverie. He pressed the button to respond, “What is it?” A pause. Kylo had previously noted that most crew members were often thrown by hearing his natural, unaltered voice and it generally took them a couple of seconds to recover. “S-sir, just an update from Captain Phasma. She’s doing a final sweep of the surrounding warehouses and should be back within the hour.” Kylo sighed, another hour on this abysmal planet. “Be ready to go as soon as they return.” “Yes, Lord Ren." Kylo turned away from the intercom and rested his head back again. He let his eyes drift shut and couldn’t help but reach out for the memory again. But what he found was something else. Her. She was here. Kylo’s eyes shot open in surprise. She was here on Balmorra at this very moment- but why? ‘The Resistance...’ Kylo gritted his teeth. He shoved his helmet back on and stormed back into the main space of the ship. Lt. Winnetka was talking to the two pilots when Kylo burst into the room and he turned to the Knight in alarm. “Sir? Is something-” “Resistance fighters,” Kylo cut him off. “They’re here.” Winnetka turned to the cockpit panel in confusion. “We haven’t picked up anything on our scanners...” “They might be in small numbers, keeping a low profile.” He moved towards the exit of the ship. “Inform Capt. Phasma and put everyone on alert.” Kylo began stomping down the ramp of the shuttle and Winnetka called after him, “Sir, perhaps you should wait here until we confirm the severity of the threat-” Kylo glanced back over his shoulder at the Lieutenant, igniting his saber in sweeping arch before turning away again and heading off. The assembled First Order officers and troopers that had been lingering outside of the Upsilon shuttle where caught off guard by Kylo Ren’s exit from the craft. They then watched in fearful awe as Kylo’s dark form went thundering back into the city, almost sympathetic to whomever the Knight was looking to hunt down. /// “Rey? Are you there?” Rey pressed her finger against the comm link in her ear and wished for a quick second that they’d given themselves cool code names to use. “Yeah go ahead, Finn.” “Rey, we gotta get out of here-” His voice sounded panicked. “We’re aborting the mission.” “Why? What’s wrong?” Rey began moving back in the direction of their shuttle, glancing to her sides for any sign of danger. “The First Order beat us here. And they just executed someone in front of the capitol.” Rey gasped. “But wait- isn’t there something we could do- shouldn’t we help?” “Negative,” Poe’s voice broke through the connection. "Far as we can tell they had the Balmorrans’ permission to do it. We’re too late, it’s time to evac now. Everyone rendezvous at the shuttle and watch your backs.” A chorus of affirmatives echoed through the comm link and was followed by silence as everyone focused on getting out alive. Rey’s strides grew longer and faster and soon her jog became a sprint. The polluted air burned in her lungs and her eyes began to water but she ignored the discomfort and pushed ahead. She made one rapid turn after another, zig-zagging her way through the endless rows of warehouses. After a few minutes Rey estimated that there couldn’t be more than half a dozen left between her and the ship now, and she felt the comforting rush of near-safety. It was premature, however, as not a moment later the very ground she was running on was ripped away from her. Or rather she was ripped away from it. The darkness of the open doorway had seemed innocent enough as she went to rush past it, but like the crack of a whip Rey was yanked from her current course. She flew sideways into the shadowy warehouse, pulled by an invisible lasso that gripped her by the waist. She rolled when she hit the ground, the filthy surface leaving trail marks of grey dust upon her clothes and hands. Disoriented still even as she came to a stop, Rey didn’t know which way to look until she heard the vicious hiss of his lightsaber. There, blocking the doorway, looming even larger than she’d remembered. Kylo Ren. Rey scrambled to her feet, grappling to free the small blaster from her leg holster, wondering why she hadn’t already had it out. No matter. Before she’d even had the chance to take aim at him, the masked villain had Force-grabbed it out of Rey’s hand and into his. Easily. Casually. As though he were picking low-hanging fruit from a tree. Rey died a little inside at how quickly things had gone south for her and was easily startled when the door slammed shut behind the menacing Knight. The action bathed him in blackness, leaving only the skylights overhead to illuminate the massive room. Her eyes darted around, looking hopelessly for means of escape but finding only dozens of enormous wooden crates, most ranging between five and ten feet tall. “Don’t try to run,” his modulated voice warned. “I’d hate to have to hold you down.” Rey breathed a sharp intake of air and apprehensively started backing away from him. He followed, matching her unhurried pace but in a decidedly more confident manner. Rey came to a halt once she’d backed herself up against a crate and was relieved only in that Kylo Ren had stopped as well and didn’t continue advancing on her. Kylo used her blaster to motion towards his left ear and then pointed it at her right one, indicating the earpiece he knew she was wearing. Rey reluctantly removed the only means of communication she had with her team and tossed it on the floor between them. Kylo stretched an impossibly long leg out and crushed the communicator with his boot. He squared his massive shoulders at her. “So- we meet again.” His voice was taunting. Pleased, even. Rey scowled back at him. “I must be unlucky.” Kylo gave his saber a casual twirl. “I’ve wondered that about myself at times... But then I figure, luck is just what we blame when our destiny disappoints us.” Rey’s brow furrowed as she wondered at his casual tone. Why was he talking to her at all, let alone in such an amiable manner? “Wh- what do you want with me?” she pressed uncomfortably. Kylo hesitated, perhaps annoyed at her unwillingness to make conversation with him. But then, “You never answered my question.” He strolled slightly closer and Rey watched his movements intensely. “What question?” “I offered to teach you.” He said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “You never gave me your reply.” Rey’s lips parted in surprise. “You can’t be serious...” “I’m really not known for being flippant,” he quipped. Rey shook her head in disbelief. “Why waste your time on me? What do you stand to gain from it? From any of this?” She waved her arm, indicating their interaction. “It’s been a long time since I’ve met anyone like me...” He sounded oddly sincere. “I am nothing like you,” she spit back. Kylo let out a bemused huff. “You’d be surprised.” “I really wouldn’t.” “I was lost once too- Unsure of my place in the universe. My role...” Kylo wiggled his saber in his hand in such a playful way, like a nervous child having to speak in front of their classmates. “But once I discovered who I truly was, I was able to find my path. My destiny. Just as you will.” “My destiny is to get as far away from you as possible and stay there.” A corner of Kylo’s mouth turned upwards beneath his mask. “That doesn’t seem too likely though, now does it?” He reached up and tapped the base of his saber hilt against the side of his helmet. “I’ve felt you... poking around in there.” He lowered his arm back down. “And I would’ve done the same to you if I didn’t find your life so incredibly boring-” Rey‘s eyes flashed indignantly. “Go to hell.” He shrugged. “What makes you think I haven’t been already?” Rey struggled to assess the strange creature standing before her. “Are you hoping for my pity?” “Of course not.” “Good.” “If anything, I pity you-” Rey yelped defensively as Kylo continued. “I mean, I thought my childhood was a disaster but yours..." He whistled lightly. “Impressively pathetic.” Rey took a deep, hate-filled breath and emboldened herself with every ounce of defiance that she could muster. “I can honestly say, without any question in my mind, that there is nothing I could possibly want less... in the entire galaxy ... than your pity.” Kylo’s eyebrows lifted appraisingly under his mask. “See, now you’re just trying to hurt my feelings,” he pretended to chide her. “What feelings?” Rey accused, despite all evidence to the contrary. It was easy enough to charge a faceless shadow of being empty. If it were a man standing before her, that man, she would have to contend with the reality of his emotional depth. But it wasn’t, so she didn’t. The mask tilted slightly to one side, observing her. “What’re you wearing?” Kylo asked quizzically, finally noticing the military-esque uniform that looked so out of place on her body. “What?" Rey blurted in confusion, looking down at herself and then back up at him with a frown. “You look like a propaganda poster,” he lamented. “Take the jacket off.” “What? No.” Rey recoiled slightly, pulling the jacket tighter around her torso. “I need to see what you’re hiding under it,” he explained. Kylo waved his saber at her impatiently. “Off.” Rey let out an indignant huff as she whipped the puffy jacket from her body and tossed it aside. She condescendingly held her arms out and slowly turned in a circle as if to say ’See? Nothing?’ Kylo felt a pull of distraction at seeing Rey’s fitted shirt clinging to her in such a nice way but he quickly regained his focus when he spotted the obvious absence of anything hanging from her hips. “Where’s your weapon?” he asked accusingly. “In your hand,” Rey sassed back. Kylo looked down at the small blaster he’d already forgotten he was holding. Without a thought he casually tossed it into the air, swinging his saber to effortlessly slice it in half. “I mean your real weapon. The saber. Where is it?” Rey looked back at him nervously and Kylo cocked his head in a patronizing manner. “You didn’t lose it, did you?” ”No,” she growled defensively at him. A moment of silence passed as he stood waiting for further explanation and Rey pursed her lips and looked away from him. “I’m not training to be a Jedi anymore...” she muttered self-consciously. Kylo stepped forward, reclaiming Rey’s attention, and waved his saber in a dramatic flourish that seemed meant to impress, rather than threaten her. “Neither am I,” he purred. He moved in close, almost at arms length, and Rey felt the edge of the crate behind her dig into her shoulder blades as she tried to back away but couldn’t. “You’re a Force-user. Plain and simple. Titles are irrelevant.” Rey snorted. “Kinda rich, coming from you-” Rey mentally began to rattle off all the distinctions she'd come to learn about Kylo in recent months. Fallen Jedi; apprentice to the Supreme Leader; former apprentice of Luke Skywalker; descendant of Darth Vader and Queen Amidala; son to a Princess turned General & a Rebel Alliance war hero... Prince Kylo. Master of the Knights of Ren. Commander of the First Order. Good grief. She shook her head, “I’ve never met someone with so many titles.” Kylo lifted his brow in surprise, having just read her rather detailed thoughts about him. “What’re you- writing my biography or something?” Rey smiled back at him snottily, “No, but if you kill yourself I promise I will.” An unrestrained laugh of surprise came through Kylo Ren’s modulator and it was the most unsettling thing he could’ve done, short of throwing his mask off and kissing her. Rey’s eyes bugged out in alarm. Where had that thought come from? Kylo’s chuckle faded away and he turned to look directly at her. Oh fuck, had he heard that too? For what felt like an eternity they both did and said nothing. The air in the room felt still and heavy, and the only existing sound was the thrum and cackle of Kylo’s fiery saber as he continued holding it at his side. Rey looked over and fixed her curious eyes on the blade, hypnotized by the rolling waves of orange light and the hot, red sparks that shot from it at random. She watched as his large, leather-clad hand flexed around the hilt and thought back to when he’d twice held that hand up to her face and forcibly entered her mind. A gesture that seemed all but unnecessary now as Rey was convinced her thoughts couldn’t be made any more obvious to him if she were shouting them into a megaphone. She shifted her attention up to his mask and the sliver of obsidian glass where his eyes should be and stared into the nothingness. If she didn’t know any better, Rey could almost swear that she saw an image of herself mirrored back from his perspective... and was surprised to see how beautiful she looked. Was that really how he saw her? Kylo slid his thumb across the saber hilt, disengaging the plasma with a hiss, and delivering them to an even more loaded silence. Rey opened her mouth to speak just as Kylo seemed to be stepping towards her again, but they both froze at the sudden sound of troopers approaching the building. Kylo reignited his saber, startling Rey, but his posture was unmistakably defensive. Capt. Phasma’s mechanical voice was growing louder as she ordered troops to begin searching the surrounding buildings. Kylo stepped around Rey and used his lightsaber to deftly split open the crate behind her. The panel tipped forward as she stepped out of the way and Kylo caught it with his free hand. “Get in,” he gestured for her to climb into the straw-packed box and Rey looked between it and him, completely baffled. ”Now,” he insisted. Seeing no other option than to do as he said, Rey stepped around the panel and wedged herself in beside some kind of large piece of machinery. The hay being used for packaging made her nose tickle and she pressed the back of her hand up to her face to keep from sneezing. Kylo gently tipped the panel closed and disappeared. Rey only had a split second to try and process what was happening before he quickly opened it again and tossed her jacket in to her. “Don’t come out until we’re gone,” he warned and began closing the crate back up. But then he paused, and leaned in to grab her attention once more. “And don’t ever let me catch you without a lightsaber again.” And then there was darkness. Rey sat huddled in stunned silence as the man she recently tried to kill, the man she’d thought to be her greatest enemy... forced the splintering wood shut in order to hide her, and then strode back outside like absolutely nothing had happened. She strained her ears to capture all that was being said, but Rey was certain at least that Kylo Ren was lying. To his own people. And he was doing it for her. full res poster via tumblr Notes: *whew* That chapter was actually kinda nerve-racking to write... I hope I did their reunion justice. Please let me know your thoughts- Feedback is highly appreciated! In other news you can now see the full size version of each chapter poster thanks to my fancy new tumblr. I'll be posting other reylo fanart and such there as well so if you're a tumblr user (or lurker, as I was until recently) then come check it out At lastly thanks as always for reading! Chapter 6 : Secrets Notes: Gah. So very sorry for the delay on this chapter. Life cares nothing for my writing schedule. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It’d been maybe twenty minutes or so since Kylo Ren had stashed her away inside the crate, and Rey felt an unpleasant tingling sensation as her cramped legs began to fall asleep. She tried to shift her position as quietly as possible, still not entirely sure that the coast was clear and not wanting to find out that it wasn’t by drawing attention to herself. The First Order Knight had led a handful of stormtroopers back into the room just moments after he’d left it, letting them do a quick sweep while he casually stood blocking the crate that Rey was stowed away in. She’d pressed one eye up to a small sliver between the wood panels and watched as he did this. Watched as he protected her. As the troopers filed back out of the warehouse and on to the next one Kylo followed them, glancing back in Rey’s direction as he silently ordered her to remain hidden. ’No worry there,’ Rey had thought. She was far too scared to move. Almost too scared to breathe. Time passed torturously slow as she waited, left with only her racing thoughts as company. Her time spent locked up in a box had given Rey ample opportunity to analyze the day’s events, but her grasp of what had occurred between her and the rogue Commander made no more sense to her now than it did as it was happening. Everything about the exchange baffled her... From his casual demeanor when referencing his previous offer to teach her, to his annoyance at her not carrying a lightsaber. His lightsaber. And most confusing of all- the moment when he’d stepped in front of her as his own troops approached, angry. Possessive. What ownership did he think he had of her to behave that way? She was nothing to him. A pest. A nuisance. A witness to his failures. If anything, the most logical thing that Kylo Ren should’ve wanted was for Rey to be dead and gone. But instead he’d actively kept her alive. Stuck his neck out for her even. And if wanting her to become his student was the Knight’s ultimate motivation, then why had he just left her there? Rey knew all too well the ease with which Kylo Ren could knock her unconscious and whisk her away- so why hadn't he? And why for the love of all that was good and rational did Rey feel disappointed by this? She pressed the heels of her palms against her temples, trying the crush the betraying thought from her mind, and wondered if she might be just as crazy as he was. She shifted again, feeling claustrophobic now and growing ever more desperate to stretch out her limbs. ’We’re leaving.' She stilled and her introspections came to a sudden halt as she heard Kylo Ren’s low rumble of a voice invade her consciousness. 'Wait five minutes then go.' Rey immediately wanted to admonish him for the invasion but decided this probably wasn’t the time. She did as he told her and counted the seconds until it was safe to begin kicking against the panel. It took several awkwardly angled hits until the wood splintered at the frame and Rey was finally able to push it open. She spilled out onto the duracrete floor, flopping onto her back and extending every part of her body to its fullest length. She took a deep breath of fresh air and then let it out in a slow, satisfied exhale. What a sight she must have been. A rookie Resistance agent, spared from certain death by the enemy leader, now left making snow angels on the dirty floor. Rey rolled over, groaning at the stiffness of her muscles, and slowly pushed her legs beneath herself and stood. She plucked her jacket from the busted crate and slid it back on, then looked out the open doorway of the warehouse and began to shuffle towards the light. She was still some distance from where their ship had been docked and though she doubted it would still be there when she arrived, Rey dutifully headed towards the rendezvous point just to be sure. The walk there was enough to loosen her up and by the time Rey reached the empty lot where the Resistance shuttle had once been, she felt physically back at 100%. Which was good, considering she was now stranded alone on an unfamiliar planet that had just made an alliance with the First Order. She turned in a circle, considering her options, and seeing nothing but warehouses and factories in three out of four directions, Rey shoved her hands in the pockets of her jacket and reluctantly started off towards the Capitol. /// Kylo leaned up against the doorframe at the entrance of Hux’s office and watched as the General furiously toiled away. His face was hung low to the desk in concentration and his narrow shoulders were hunched up above him. A minute passed before Hux glanced up through his eyebrows and admonished Kylo’s looming presence. “Come in or piss off,” he murmured. “You know I hate lurkers.” Kylo pushed himself from the doorway, closing off the office before reaching up to press the mechanical latches at the sides of his jaw. He slid into one of the chairs opposite Hux’s desk and tossed his helmet into the other one. An almost imperceptible glance at the discarded mask was the extent of surprise Hux was willing to show at Kylo’s sudden willingness to unveil himself, and he pointedly continued working as he addressed his company. “I hear you had a casualty on Balmorra.” Kylo blinked slowly. “Is that a question?” Hux tossed Kylo a reproachful look before returning his focus to the large datapanel in front of him. He scribbled away with the stylus in his right hand while simultaneously flipping digital pages with his left. The edges of Kylo’s broad mouth turned upwards in a slight smile as he thought of how grateful he was to have someone like Hux around to do the jobs he himself would be loathe to do. Hux was built for it though, a shrewd pragmatist and tech-savvy bureaucrat. He was a man of his times in every way that Kylo wasn’t. The Knight looked down and regarded himself in amusement. The draped knit cloak; the heavy wool overcoat; the tabbard; the leather pants. The archaic design of his already ancient weapon. Kylo let out a brief chuckle that drew Hux’s full attention. The General ceased working and leaned back in his chair, looking across the desk curiously. “What’s got you in such a good mood?” he asked accusingly. Kylo shrugged noncommittally and Hux sighed, knowing he wasn’t likely to get a better response. He chose to re-address the incident on Kylo‘s mission instead. “So other than the spontaneous execution everything went well, I take it?” Kylo gave him a tempting look. “What makes you so sure it was spontaneous?” “You, mostly,” Hux retorted. Kylo leaned impossibly far back in his chair, oozing bravado. “If you’re not a fan of my diplomacy methods perhaps you should convince the Supreme Leader my talents could be put to better use elsewhere,” he offered. Hux shook his head ruefully. “If it were entirely up to Snoke I imagine you’d still be on the floor of his castle, writhing in pain for his amusement...” Kylo’s eyes widened in shock and his languid body posture stiffened. He was genuinely taken aback, both at Hux’s knowledge of what his recent training sessions entailed and at the General’s willingness to openly disparage their leader. Hux caught the Knight’s stunned reaction to his unfiltered aside and suddenly felt compelled to fill the silence between them with an awkward explanation. “I told him I needed your help.” Hux blurted out, surprising even himself with his honesty. A slight flush crept onto his cheeks as he confessed, “I... thought you could use a break.” Kylo wasn’t ignorant to the fact that this was a kindness Hux had spared him even before he’d allowed him to meet Uncas for the first time. Still, he couldn’t quite bring himself to say thank you. Not to Hux. Not after everything. Instead he cleared his throat and pivoted the conversation, “How did everything go here?” Hux, grateful that Kylo didn’t press for a better justification for his subterfuge, nodded his head appreciatively. “Well.” He continued nodding, more than necessary. “He’s quiet, like you said. But clever.” “Very,” Kylo agreed, feeling a hesitant sense of paternal pride. Hux swallowed a large lump in his throat before noting, “He has her eyes.” ‘And it’s unnerving,’ he added silently. Kylo’s forehead scrunched together, casting a shadow over his dark eyes. The ones that looked so unlike his son’s. He dropped his head down and began toying with a loose thread on one of his gloves. “That nose is all Solo, though...” Kylo mumbled, trying to lighten the mood. Hux gave an almost smile that quickly morphed into a grimace, taking note of the Knight’s especially rare use of his proper surname. “How long are you planning to keep him on board?” he questioned. “Indefinitely.” Kylo didn’t have much of a plan beyond wanting to keep Uncas close, and he still had zero clues as to who had gone after the boy, so he found himself stuck in something of a holding pattern- pretty much until a solution magically fell into his lap. But damned if he was gonna admit that out loud. Hux rubbed an itch on his nose and spoke carefully. “You should probably have a backup plan... Should the Finalizer end up in combat.” “I will,” Kylo answered simply. “Though that doesn’t seem too likely to happen anytime soon. Our numbers are growing by the thousands while their’s slowly dwindle. Did you hear they sent a single shuttle to try and intercept our convoy?” “I did. Quite brazen of them.” “Not brazen,” Kylo corrected. “Desperate. They don’t have adequate enough manpower to stage a proper attack, especially with how diversified we’ve become. Until that changes their only real option is espionage.” “Hmm. Well perhaps it’s fortunate that we have you here after all. Who better to root out spies in our midst than you?” ’Someone who didn’t willfully help them escape?’ Kylo mused to himself. He’d spent the entire return flight to the Finalizer carefully considering the exchange he’d shared with the girl back on Balmorra. And beyond his amusement that once again he’d failed to ask for her name, Kylo regarded their interplay with a distanced sort of ambivalence. An aloofness. An outright refusal to give complex meaning to his own actions. It was reasonable that he should ask to train her once again. Kylo was already a Master in his own right and it made sense for him to take on an apprentice of his own. And the preternaturally Force-sensitive girl was the most obvious choice to be his pupil. In many ways- the only choice. And in the months since Kylo’d made the request the first time, nothing had changed in that regard. Save perhaps for the previously unmarred planes of his face. But he hadn’t blamed her for that. Not for a second. And as for hiding her away from Phasma and the scouring troopers... He couldn’t very well train her if she was dead, now could he? Kylo knew it would be no small undertaking to convince the girl to trust him beyond a command of obvious self-preservation... The degree to which she’d have to be willing to give herself over to him was significant. And maybe it was a sense of something he’d felt in her, or his own naturally prevalent self-assurance, but Kylo was confident that it was only a matter of time before his motivated efforts prevailed and she came to him, wanting and eager to learn. And if not, at least he’d enjoy the pursuit. Feeling a slight thrill at the early formation of his plan and at the active need to keep secrets from Hux and the rest of the Order, Kylo surged with purpose as he sat up in his chair and reached over to grab his helmet. “I’m going to go check on Uncas.” Hux gave a single oblivious nod as Kylo stood and strolled away confidently, putting his masked helmet back on as he went. He was almost to the door when the General’s voice broke through the silence, stopping him. “I can’t believe you told him to call me ‘Armie’...” Kylo turned back to Hux who was already busying himself with his datapanel again. He seemed intensely focused, but Kylo quickly wondered if he wasn't just faking it to avoid eye contact. “No one’s called me that in years,” he grumbled, still speaking down towards his desk. Kylo regarded the top of Hux’s head for a moment, debating whether or not to explain himself. Ultimately he wasn’t sure whether he’d answered out of kindness or cruelness. “She did.” Kylo’s voice was now modulated by his mask, erasing any telltale hint of emotion from his words. Hux looked up and stared at Kylo as he lingered in the doorway, a faceless vision of black yet again. The General’s eyes slowly dropped away, unmistakably clouded with grief, and eventually he hunched himself over once more and returned to his work. Kylo coolly backed out of the office before turning on his heels and heading to his quarters. /// As Rey crossed from the strictly industrial outskirts of Bin Prime and into the city center’s bustling streets, she felt a pang of frustration with her blatantly tactical clothing once more, as now, rather than just making her feel out of place the ensemble was making her look out of place as well. All it took was a couple of sideways glances from suspicious passerbys before Rey determined that she needed to make a change to her appearance immediately or be swiftly caught. Without breaking her stride, Rey whipped off her jacket and hastily turned it inside out, exposing the garish orange lining. She pulled it back on and zipped it all the way up to the collar, careful not to let anyone spot the Resistance logo on her shirt before it was dutifully covered up. She then moved towards the right side of the street which was lined with endless merchant’s carts and display racks in front of all of the bodegas. And with a quick nod of thanks to her Jakku upbringing, Rey utilized her well-versed skills as a pickpocket to distract a clothing vendor whilst she shoved one of his scarves into her trouser pocket. It seemed a small act of stubbornness that Rey should rely on her scavenger skills over her Force abilities to procure her disguise, but she reasoned with herself that it was simply faster this way. Once she was a safe enough distance from the man she’d stolen from, Rey pulled the lengthy scarf from her pocket and draped it atop her head, then wrapped each end across the lower half of her face and tossed them over her shoulders. She caught a quick glimpse of herself in a storefront window as she passed and determined that her guise was adequate enough not to draw too much attention. Now Rey just needed to do something that she’d never in her life felt compelled to do before. Find a bar. Jakku had its seedy watering holes just like everywhere else, but Rey had never once dared to go within fifty feet of one before, knowing that to do so would be outright asking for trouble. Maz’s castle on Takkodana was semi-disreputable, Rey considered, but it hadn’t really seemed so at the time. Perhaps it was Maz herself that gave it a comforting, home-y type atmosphere- Or maybe it was simply that Rey had felt safe in the company of Finn and... Han. And that had made all the difference. Rey gritted her teeth, stopping herself from traveling further down memory lane and focused instead on the task at hand. Before shipping out from D’qar, she and Finn had been given a crash course in what to do if they were ever separated or left behind during a mission. Handy, Rey mused. And shaking her head she wondered if this was something that happened quite often or if it was just a lucky coincidence. Either way, she was at least bolstered by the knowledge that there would be a way to contact the Resistance and let them know she was safe and in need of a ride back. Rey’s strides were long but growing tired as she moved from the garment district of the city and entered what looked to be its social realm, with street after street of lively venues and crowded eateries. And cantinas. Dozens of them. Rey chewed at her lower lip and squinted her eyes nervously, knowing that the myriad options that lay before her could be both a blessing and a curse with regard to accomplishing her end goal. She took a deep breath meant to bring her confidence, and stomped off towards the nearest dive. As she approached she adjusted the part of the scarf covering nose and mouth, both to ensure her identity was protected, and in response to the stench of booze and smoke that grew stronger with every step. So focused on looking confident as she went to pass through the cantina’s entrance that Rey didn’t notice the large Balmorran guarding the door until he stuck a heavily muscular arm out to block her. “Papers,” he growled. “Oh,” she stepped away from his limb, surprise briefly flashing in her eyes before she pushed it back down. Rey steeled herself, clenching her fists as she focused intensely on the man’s face. “You don’t need to see my papers." She held her breath, hopeful, and then- “Like hell I don’t. Papers. Now.” Undeterred, Rey stepped closer to the man and he recoiled slightly, unsettled by her boldness. Her eyes bore into his. Her voice was steadier now. More insisting. “You don’t need to see my papers.” Rey felt the Force push through her and watched as his posture relaxed. “I don’t need to see your papers.” “You will let me pass.” The Balmorran dropped his arm. “You can pass.” Rey nodded her head in thanks and stepped through the entryway of the cantina. Perhaps she’d be willing to use the Force for more than just getting omlettes after all. /// Hux had continued working for several minutes after Kylo left, until the nagging thoughts inside his head had made it impossible to concentrate. He tossed his stylus down in frustration, and watched as it skittered across the surface of his desk before toppling over the edge. With a beleaguered sigh Hux shoved his chair back violently and immediately went over to pick the pen up. Full of spite, he set it back down on the desk and rolled his eyes at his own inability to even vent his frustrations properly. Leaning forward Hux pressed his palms down upon the cold metal surface and let his head droop forward. It hung there defeatedly for a few seconds, and when he eventually raised it back up his gaze fell pointedly on a picture across the room. A picture of someone who had no trouble indulging his anger with whatever manner of destruction it required. Hux envied him that. In fact, he envied him a great many things. And sometimes he was even able to convince himself that those jealous impulses were all that he felt. That they were the source of his unease, and his sleepless nights. They that caused his pulse to race whenever Kylo Ren was near. Pushing himself upright from the desk, Hux began to back away. His eyes pooled increasingly with desperation as he kept them locked on the young man in the photo. Further and further back he moved from the picture... as though it were stalking towards him. Like the grim reaper come to take his soul. Hux gasped when his back hit the wall behind him and in a haphazard slide he collapsed down onto the floor. For once not thinking of the filthiness of the surface below him or of the wrinkles he was certainly putting into his uniform, Hux reached up to drag shaky hands through his copper-colored locks. No sooner had they reached the back of his skull that his hands became fists, viciously grasping his hair so hard he threatened to pull it out. He clenched his eyes shut, trying to blind himself from the image and all its haunting associations. But in the blackness of his eyelids he found her. His baby sister. Sweet little Oona. Her pretty face marred with betrayal as she cried out to him. Calling him a liar. Calling him a coward. She wasn’t wrong. Hux bared his teeth in a silent scream as he pulled a fist from his hair and started beating himself across the chest with it. The hits connected with sickening thuds and he found a strange relief in the sensation of bruises beginning to form above his heart. He punched it hard and repeatedly, threatening to stop its beating altogether. 'It’s just as well,’ Hux told himself bitterly. He no longer had need for it anyways. full res poster via tumblr Notes: I ended up splitting this chapter in half so this is basically a to-be-continued. Just FYI. Also I keep writing reylo scenes set in the future and it's slowly killing me. There's just so much damn plot to get through first. For the record, writing a slow-burn fic is even worse than reading one. Speaking of plot- what do y'all think of the tentative alliance between Kylo and Hux? Will it last? Or will Hux just implode into himself like a dying star? Chapter 7 : Resistance Summary: Rey doesn't know how to handle girl-talk. Kylo doesn't know how to handle anything. Notes: FORGIVE ME. I really should have posted a warning after the last chapter that I was going away for over a month but I naively thought I'd be able to scrape together and post at least one chapter while I was gone. Alas, no, and I'm ever so sorry for the wait. Things are back to normal now and I'll try to make it up to everyone who has loyally stuck by this story by posting updates as fast as I can. Much love and thanks. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) By the time Rey had coerced her way into the fifth cantina in a row she’d nearly lost hope. Her footsteps were heavy and the searching gaze she sent around the room despondent. It was a bigger establishment than the previous ones and it took several minutes just for Rey to reach one end of the oval shaped building. She was greeted with the same mix of predatory stares and outright indifference as the four times previous whilst she snaked her way through the crowd, glancing at each table as she went. Rey was nearly halfway back to the entrance when she came to a sudden halt. Realizing immediately how suspicious that might look, she took a few more slow paces forward while keeping her eyes trained on the shadowy booth tucked away to the left side. At the table sat a woman, long and lean with blonde locks pulled into an unforgiving ponytail and large, penetrating eyes that bore a purplish tint. Her spindly fingers danced around the edges of her cocktail, a globe-shaped glass half-filled with a caramel colored liquid that rested atop a torn coaster. The other triangular half of the coaster sat opposite her at the empty side of the booth. Rey took a deep breath and approached. “Pardon me, but weren’t we at school together as children?” The blonde looked up at Rey with an angular tilt of her head. “Oh yes, Ms. Havisham’s class, wasn’t it?” “No,” Rey recited her script, “It was Ms. Ivanoff’s.” The woman nodded and gestured for Rey to join her. As she slid into the plush booth Rey didn’t fail to miss the unimpressed stare she was being treated with. “It’s good to see you…” “Eevan,” she supplied. “Right,” Rey nodded. “Of course.” Eevan’s sharp eyes casted a sweep across the mingling crowd to her right before she turned back to Rey, the falseness of their ostensive reunion now absent. “We can talk now. You need an out, yes?” Rey nodded again. “Were you followed?” “No,” Rey answered shaking her head. “You’re certain?” “Yes.” “Have you been compromised in any way?” Rey recoiled, slightly insulted. “Of course not what’re you-” “I have to ask,” Eevan insisted, cutting her off. “You disappeared mid-mission… cut off communication… and now you show up here looking like a spice merchant asking me to contact the Resistance on your behalf. You’ll excuse me if I’m wary.” Rey sighed as she tried to cool her annoyance. “I haven’t been compromised.” “What happened to your communicator?” Rey blinked. “It was destroyed. In a fight.” “A fight with who?” “Troopers,” she fibbed. “I- I got away though.” Rey felt the words coming out of her mouth before she could even stop to consider them. Had she always intended to lie about Kylo Ren’s instrumental aide in her escape? Or was it just a kneejerk reaction to having her loyalties questioned? Eevan narrowed her gaze but nonetheless reached into her bag and surreptitiously typed a series of codes into a small, metallic transmitter. She turned back to Rey and informed her that contact had been made. “So what do we do now?” Rey asked, fidgeting nervously in her seat. “We wait,” Eevan answered matter-of-factly. A tense pause lingered between them for a moment before Rey inquired further. “For how long?” Eevan sighed, clearly not a fan of narrating her work. “My message goes to a secondary contact here on Balmorra, which then gets rerouted to an offsite PX and from there the Resistance is contacted and alerted to your status and location. An alternate chain of custody will be utilized for the message back. It can take awhile so you might as well get comfortable.” She lazily waved a hand in the direction of the bar. “Order a drink or something.” Rey dejectedly slumped back in her booth, doing her best to release the tension she’d been holding in her chest. “Kinda paranoid, isn’t it?” she curiously suggested. Eevan squinted her lavender eyes slightly as she took in Rey’s appearance, gaining as much information from it as she could. Having come to some conclusion, she tilted her chin upwards so that she was looking down the bridge of her nose at the girl across from her. “You’re not military- are you?” Her confident tone of voice taking on an edge of suspicion. Rey shifted under the woman’s critical glare. “I’m in disguise,” she answered, toying with the edges of her scarf. “Yeah, I got that,” Eevan snarked. “I just mean you’re not Resistance, right? Like I would guess you were a new recruit or something only they would never send a greenhorn on a mission like this… and they definitely wouldn’t leave them alone.” Her lips puckered together in a sour expression before she felt the need to pointedly add, “To get lost.” That last bit seemed particularly unnecessary and any sense of obligation Rey felt to answer this woman’s questions was rapidly being eaten away at. “I’m Resistance enough,” she answered confidently. Eevan opened her mouth to reply but snapped it shut again when two looming figures moved past their table. She carefully watched them from the corner of her eye until they were a good distance away and then turned her attention back to Rey. “You need to order a drink and start blending in, you look like a damn spy.” Rey glanced questioningly over to the bar and then back to her curt companion. “I- I’ve never ordered a drink before… I wouldn’t know what to-” “Oh for pete’s sakes-” Before Rey could say any more, Eevan had hauled herself up in a huff and lumbered off towards the center of the room. Rey watched as the woman squeezed and elbowed her way through the crowd, all the while glancing back at Rey with an annoyed glint in her eye. Rey eventually turned away, having had her fill of unwelcome judgement for one day. In an effort to ease the tension in her body Rey took a deep breath that filled her lungs to capacity. She’d intended to release it a second later in a sigh, but at the sudden recognition of a begrudgingly familiar scent the air went heavy in her chest and refused to come back out. Not again… Rey squeezed her eyes shut in a desperate attempt to block his consciousness from invading hers and dug her feet into the floor so that she could at least pretend there was a physical presence to combat. It was futile of course, and when her lips began to quiver with lack of oxygen Rey relented, letting the cantina’s smoky atmosphere invade her throat as Kylo Ren invaded her mind. She was quick to notice the difference on this occasion. Instead of the usual barrage of secondhand torment and confusion and anger- this time… this time it felt quite the opposite. If she didn’t know any better she’d say in that very moment Kylo Ren was feeling an unshakable sense of calm. Peace. Affection, even. Rey lifted her head to glance around at the assorted patrons that milled about the seedy establishment, as if to accuse one of them of replacing Kylo Ren’s emotions with theirs. For surely this was some kind of mistake. She cautiously tested the air with an embarrassed sniff, only to confirm it was indeed his distinct scent that permeated the aroma of tobacco and incense wafting around her. Not knowing what else to do, Rey relaxed, letting the unexpected tenderness caress her subconscious. She tried not to over analyze it. To wonder too intensely at what could be making him feel this way. Or who. Rey quirked an eyebrow at her own absurdity and lost her grip on the current of gentle sentiments just long enough to be surprised when they quickly mutated into something much darker. Fear. Loss. Despair. This was the Kylo Ren she knew. It was a strange comfort to Rey to feel him return to form in such a way and the conflict she’d felt only moments earlier quickly evaporated as though it’d never been there at all. The customary sheen of sweat returned to the surface of her skin and Rey lifted her hands up from her sides to grasp the edge of the table. She did her best to grit her teeth and wait it out but the emotions didn’t stop and nor did they show signs of fading. Lasting far longer than times previous, the turbulent connection continued burrowing itself into her, building from one desperate feeling to the next. Rey thought she was nearly about to faint when an unsuspecting Eevan returned to the table and gracelessly deposited a ridiculous looking cocktail in front of her. The sickly sweet smell of the glowing blue liqueur and the various fruit lining the edges of the glass acted like a kind of smelling salt and it broke Rey from her trance. She gasped at its release of her and Eevan froze in place having finally noticed Rey’s distressed state. “Are you okay?” Rey craned her neck to meet the lanky woman’s eyes and nodded. “I’m fine. It’s nothing.” Rey noted that the Resistance agent was still standing at attention and waved her off as casually as she could. “Honestly. It’s… no big deal.” Eevan dutifully slid back into the opposite side of the booth but never once removed her cautious stare from Rey’s still pasty visage. “You’re going to have to do better than that,” she warned, her doubts about Rey now amplified even further. Rey used the edge of her scarf to wipe the vestiges of perspiration from her brow and slowly regained her center, and with it, her reticence. “It’s not worth worrying about. I’ve got it handled.” “Who’s worried?” Eevan bluffed. “I’m just risking my neck to save your skin- why should I care if you’re sick or crazy or-” “It’s the Force,” Rey cut her off. “…What?” “I’m not sick. Or crazy. It’s… a kind of pull. In the Force.” Rey rolled her shoulders in frustration. “I’d explain it better if I could.” “The Force?” Rey nodded. “Like,” Eevan waved her hands in the air and made a childish ‘ooooohhh’ noise. Rey glared back, unamused. “Oh, that’s right I forgot- Jedi’s don’t have a sense of humor.” “I’m not a Jedi,” Rey corrected darkly. “And maybe you’re just not funny.” Eevan’s mouth twitched as though she were fighting off the barest hint of a smile and her critical gaze once again dragged itself up and down her companion in search of answers. “You’re her, aren’t you?” Rey carefully lifted her brow, the slow blink of her eyes telling Eevan that she knew what the woman was getting at but wasn’t inclined to fill in the blanks. Eevan was undeterred, and continued pressing as a twinkle settled into her eyes. “The girl from Jakku… The one that was taken by Kylo Ren…” Rey leaned back in her seat, her non-response a confirmation in and of itself. The corners of Eevan’s mouth turned up in satisfaction and she lifted her glass to begin swirling the brown liquor needlessly. “I heard he carried you across a battlefield in his arms.” Rey’s cool gaze of indifference was broken by a frown that creased the skin between her eyes. She blinked several times in rapid succession and Eevan watched in amusement as the wheels in the younger girl’s head began to frantically turn. It hadn’t really ever occurred to Rey to think about what happened in between her confrontation with Kylo Ren in the forest and waking up on Starkiller with him knelt at her feet. But oh lords was she thinking about it now. It’s a strange thing to try and recall something you have no memory of and ultimately it leads to sensationalized fabrication. Rey imagined him gracefully catching her in his strong arms and whisking her away to his ship. As though she were a-- fainting maiden… and he some kind of-- prince. She let out a bemused huff and dropped her head down as her shoulders slumped forward. She would almost be amused if she weren’t so damned annoyed. Kylo Ren might indeed be a prince. A dashing knight, even. But he was first and foremost her enemy. ‘And you’re certainly no maiden,’ she reminded herself. When Rey finally answered Eevan’s query it was with a helpless grumble directed at her still untouched beverage. “I honestly couldn’t say.” “Well, I could,” Eevan supplied cheerfully. “I heard the story from like four different people.” Rey grimaced as she watched the blonde’s eyes bug out excitedly whilst she recounted the various incarnations of the salacious rumor she now hoped to confirm. The descriptions were essentially as Rey had imagined, complete with perfectly timed gusts of wind that tossed the tails of Ren’s overcoat around dramatically and a hailstorm of enemy fire that showered down around him but failed to so much as even break his stride. The furrow of Rey’s forehead grew deeper still and by the time Eevan came back down from her gossip high the smaller of the two women looked positively ill. “So?” Eevan pushed, having revealed her weakness to be a lust for scandalous rumors. “Is it true?” Rey shrugged meekly. “No way for me to say... You’d have to ask Kylo Ren.” Hoping desperately for a change in conversation she began toying with a piece of fruit that hung from the edge of her glass. “Though I should warn you, he’s a lousy conversationalist.” Rey yanked her hand away from the drink in surprise as Eevan all but climbed halfway over the table. “You mean to tell me you actually spoke to him?” The woman’s voice having once been peppered with such tired disdain now held a kind of incensed reverence. Rey grimaced and wished she’d stopped speaking while she was still ahead but it was too late and Eevan was nearly chomping at the bit waiting for Rey to divulge every last detail. Her mind began to frantically run through everything that she could recall Kylo Ren vocalizing to her back on Takodana and Starkiller and nothing was jumping out as being safe to cop to. He’d heard of her before they met. He knew she’d seen the map to Luke Skywalker. He thought her companions to be liars, traitors, and thieves. He knew how lonely she was. He wanted to teach her. In a desperate attempt to buy herself some time, Rey took an overconfident gulp of the florescent fruit cocktail that had been languishing in front of her and the subsequent burn of the alcohol sent her into a sudden coughing fit. “Woah, easy,” Eevan reached out to pat Rey on the back, her concern for the girl’s ability to breathe momentarily superseding her pervasive nosiness. “You really went for it there…” The cough was easing up as Rey wiped the tears from her flushed cheeks and replied with a raspy and embarrassed voice, “Yeah, that was a mistake.” Eevan quirked a sympathetic smile at her and playfully pulled the drink a few inches away from Rey’s reach. Rey laughed. “That’s fair.” Eevan opened her mouth with purpose, likely about to refocus the conversation, when her transmitter emitted a series of beeps that drew a disappointed sigh from her. She opened her bag to peer inside and read the message and grumbled. “That figures. I’m finally stuck babysitting someone that actually has something interesting to share and it’s the fastest response time in the history of military communication.” Rey wasn’t sure if that was a compliment or not, but nonetheless was thankful for The Resistance’s excellent timing. She watched as Eevan flipped over one of the triangular coaster halves and scribbled some instructions on the back. Tossing her pen aside, Eevan slid the coaster over to Rey while once again scanning the crowd around them. “Here, take this. It’ll tell you where to go and who to talk to. You should be off planet within a half hour.” “Aren’t you coming with me?” Rey questioned. “No. I’m just the middle man.” Rey nodded and carefully cupped the directions in her hand. “Thank you.” A casual wave. “Don’t sweat it, hun.” Rey climbed out of the booth and was half-turned away when Eevan stopped her. “One last thing-” She waited for Rey to twist back around before continuing. “I have to ask… Did you, you know… see him-” she whispered the last few words, “-without his mask?” A slow, cheeky grin spread across Rey’s face and Eevan tossed herself back in her booth dramatically. “Goddamnit,” she cursed the air around her. “Until next time,” Rey comforted. “Yeah,” Eevan huffed out sardonically. “You gimme a call next time you get lost on a mission again.” Rey smiled as she moved away. “Will do.” /// Kylo strolled to his quarters, sparing some small effort towards ignoring the tidal wave of emotions that chased after him from Hux’s office - and a lot of effort into not being too self-satisfied with this result. The tentative alliance he’d struck with the General was something of a relief and ultimately one less thing to worry about, but it didn’t change Kylo’s opinion of Hux on any sort of fundamental level. Too much had happened for him to ever really trust his former friend again, and if he gained some slight sadistic pleasure at the other man’s suffering, Kylo reminded himself that he had his reasons. He reached his temporary home and opened the door, and though he was cheerfully and immediately greeted, it wasn’t by the inhabitant he was hoping for. “Master Ren, hello it’s good to see you back, I take it your trip went well, I’ve heard nothing to the contrary, though, mind you, since my reassignment here I have not had the kind of contact with others that previously allowed me to be informed with regard to such matters, just the same I’m sure that you-” Kylo yanked his hand into the air in a desperate motion to silence Haytch before another word could tumble out of the droid’s ever flapping mouth. To his credit, the newly appointed nanny did heed his master’s warning and hush himself, which Kylo noted was at least a slight improvement from the threepio he’d struggled to tolerate in his youth. Kylo removed his mask and outer layers, looking to the closed off bedroom curiously and back to Haytch in question. “Asleep, Sir,” the droid supplied. Kylo nodded and moved across the main living space, reaching the bedroom and opening its door as quietly as he could manage. His eyes went to the bed and he was pleased to see that his makeshift pillow barriers had been reassembled and Uncas lay sleeping safely within their protection. He moved in closer, noting the rosiness of the small child’s cheeks and the way he’d cocooned himself in a fluffy white duvet, leaving only his face exposed. Kylo gently lowered himself to rest on the edge of the bed, careful not to disturb the boy but wanting to be closer to him. Minutes passed of him simply staring, overwhelmed with emotion as he memorized the soft curves of his son’s face. The gentle whisper of his slow, rhythmic breathing. Unable to control himself any longer, Kylo reached out to brush his knuckles against the swell of Uncas’s rounded face… and froze. The boy’s skin was hot, near scalding to the touch. Kylo frowned and quickly reached over with both hands to push the thick blanket away, letting the cool air of the room invade its confines. Uncas’s grip on the material was surprisingly fierce and it took Kylo a moment to pry it from him. It was then that he spotted the blood. Bright red and shocking against the pale color of the bedding, Kylo ceased to breathe as he frantically searched the child’s tiny body for injury. “Haaaaytch,” he cried out in an unfamiliar voice that beckoned the droid to stiffly jog into the room. “He’s bleeding-” “Oh dear,” Haytch rushed to the man’s side and tried to help him inspect the boy. It was then that Uncas finally began to wake and upon spotting the fuzzy image of his father, he happily reached out his arms for an embrace. Kylo stilled, catching sight of the child’s now unclenched hands and allowing himself only the tiniest measure of relief. “Master Uncas, what have you done to yourself?” Haytch fretted upon seeing the same source of bleeding that Kylo had. “He dug his fingernails through his palms…” Kylo murmured, barely above a whisper. Haytch glanced at the distraught young father and then back to the boy, reaching out to properly survey the damage. “Well, I never…” Kylo’s hands dropped away as Haytch’s took their place but Uncas’s attention stayed focused entirely on the former. His relief in his dad’s return was giving way to fear that he had done something wrong and guilt that it had clearly upset everyone. “I’m sorry, Daddy,” he pleaded. “I didn’t mean to.” Kylo nodded, still slowly retreating from the bed. “I had a bad dream-” Kylo’s jaw clenched at hearing what he’d already suspected. Sliding away across the floor now he felt helpless to comfort his son and unable to prevent himself from directly making it worse. “There was a man talking to me… I didn’t like him…” Kylo’s stomach turned and he scrambled up from the ground and threw himself into the ensuite bathroom, Uncas’s pitiful cries chasing after him. “Daddy, please! Daddy!” He slammed the door shut behind him. “Dad!” Kylo ducked over the pedestal sink, a bile quickly rising in his throat. “Dad, please! Don’t go-” Han turned back around, a troubled look marring his face at hearing Ben’s uncharacteristic pleading. He strode towards the lanky thirteen year-old, arms open in apology. “Kid, I gotta-” “Please,” Ben begged, the desperation in his eyes having grown so heavy it pulled them to the ground. Han stepped in closer, reaching out to grasp a strong hand around his son’s shoulder. “What’s going on with you?” “…Nothing,” Ben mumbled to his feet. The developing lines upon Han’s tanned face grew deeper as his frown intensified. “It’s not nothing, kid, it’s something. Come on, what’s got you so worked up?” Still looking at the ground, Ben let out a gasp as he felt a sudden, penetrating chill. Like long fingers wrapping themselves around the back of his neck. His body shuddered and he swallowed down all further potential cries for help. Whatever tears might have threatened to spill from his eyes were dried instantly through sheer will and when he raised his head to look up at his father, Ben’s face was once again a vision in neutrality. “I didn’t mean to upset you, Dad. I guess I… just miss Mom, is all.” Han’s face twisted, his concern for Ben quickly taking a back seat to his own personal issues. “Yeah, me too.” He removed his grasp from his son and reached up to rub the slight stubble that had been gracing his jawline of late. “But she’ll be back in a couple weeks and me ‘n Chewie will be done with our run not long after that.” Ben nodded in acquiescence, ready for the exchange to be over. “Besides,” Han reasoned, more for his own benefit than Ben’s, “You’ve got Takoda here to keep you company. And your studies. Don’t think for a second your mom won’t be checking your grades the second she gets home.” “I know,” Ben replied, leaning back from his father in lieu of being able to push the man away. An impatient roar from Chewie and the sound of the Falcon’s engines priming had Han glancing over his shoulder before looking back at Ben, a distant but genuine kindness settling into his eyes. “That’s my cue-” He reached out to hug the boy goodbye but realizing his son was no longer in comfortable reach to do so, Han settled for ruffling his thick mop of black hair before stepping away. “You be good all right? Don’t get in to too much trouble.” Ben gave a meek smile that faded the instant his father turned away and began jogging towards his ship. The golden summer suns were setting in the West, casting a warm glow across the dusty valley, but Ben ducked his face away from the sight and shivered. Over the thundering of the Falcon’s engines Ben could still hear the voice. The voice that was always there. The voice that wouldn’t leave him. Even when he begged it to. Kylo panted as he stared back at his pale, sweaty face in the mirror. A series of contrasting emotions flickering through the eyes of his reflection so rapidly that he had to look away. His chin dropped down to rest upon his chest and his eyeline had the misfortune of catching sight of the blood that had transferred onto his hands. His son’s blood. Kylo flipped the faucet on and anxiously washed the red stains away from his skin. He let the water get hot, so hot it steamed up the room and seared his shaking hands. He grimaced, but took the pain as penance. After deciding that no measure of scalding would burn away the feelings of unmitigated guilt he was consumed by, Kylo switched the water back off and turned to exit the room. He paused, hearing Uncas’s soft cries still passing through the door and leaned forward to press his brow against the cool metal. This had been inevitable, he told himself. ‘But why now?’ He’d been five years-old when Snoke first came into his mind. Uncas was only three. And had only just now re-entered Kylo’s life. It's too soon. Kylo grappled with the door, wanting to transform it into something he could fight. A problem he could fix. An enemy he could destroy. But it was just a door. And he… was just a pawn. Han had known it. And now, in a brutal moment of self-awareness, Kylo knew it too. full res poster via tumblr Notes: Extra long chapter as an olive branch? Also father/son feels! Who needs a hug? Chapter 8 : Ignite Notes: Every time I tell myself I should write shorter chapters they just get, like, aggressively longer (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There was a bright, full moon hanging in a cloudless sky and Ben found his now-frequent trek through the canyon of jagged rock particularly easy to navigate on this night. The lanky fourteen-year-old braced himself as he slid down a particularly steep embankment with ease, one leg bent for balance and the other stretched out, directing his descent. He’d snuck out of the ranch house around midnight- more out of habit than necessity- and traversed the wild landscape that stretched for miles beyond the border of the family compound. His mother had been on Coruscant for the last two months and his father was somewhere on the outer rim, taking jobs to earn money he had no use for. Only the family’s manservant, Takoda, was even around to notice when young Ben Solo was not in his bed at night, and though he professedly cared for the boy’s well-being, there was only so much he could do to control him. Ben reached the base of the ravine and adjusted the leather straps of his rucksack over his shoulders as he set off on the familiar route. Snoke had directed him to the hidden cave ten months ago, and though he’d been wary of the ominous atmosphere of it at first, Ben had come to grow comfortable in the holy place’s dark interior. The walls were lined with ancient drawings and words he couldn’t understand but all the same he felt a sense of belonging there. As though it had been lying in wait for eons just for him to come along and uncover it. Ben jogged through the heavy shadows of the canyon, eager to arrive at the cave and complete the mission his Master had tasked him with. Inside of his bag and wrapped in parchment paper, was a rare plant it had taken Ben the better part of the month to locate. Once he arrived at the hidden location he was to boil the plant in water and drink it like a kind of tea. His Master had been cagey about the assignment and not revealed what drinking the plant’s essence would do to Ben, only saying that it would help him to see his path. Ben had grown beyond questioning his leader’s motivations and was at this point a near perfect subject, acquiescent to his every whim. And frankly, drinking some mysterious concoction was by no stretch the strangest thing he’d yet been asked to do. Just as he’d arrived at the narrow entrance to the cave, Ben heard a faint sound that spun him around fearfully, but he quickly relaxed when he spotted its source. About a month after he’d started venturing into the canyon late at night, Ben had spotted a creature carefully stalking him from the ridgeline. Over time, the curious fur-covered specimen had gotten closer and closer to the boy, eventually trusting him enough to follow him into the dark cavern and act as a kind of protector while Ben meditated or convened with his master. Ben whistled and tapped an open palm against his leg, beckoning the creature he’d named Mingan to close the distance between them. Mingan dipped its head, still nervous to approach, but complied nonetheless and trotted over to the teen. A gentle smile graced Ben’s face as he reached out to ruffle the tuft of dark fur between Mingan’s pointed ears. “Come on, boy,” he encouraged, climbing through the small gap between boulders and looking back to see that his companion did the same. Lighting the torch he kept stashed just inside the entrance, Ben made his way down the dark tunnel, softly dragging his fingers along the left wall as its drawings and messages were illuminated one stride forward at a time. Mingan kept pace behind him, often spinning around dutifully to ensure they weren’t being followed. They reached an opening in the cave where the narrow passageway expanded into a larger space. ‘The temple’ was what his Master called it. Ben adjusted to the strength of its dark power as he calmly lit each of the sconces circling the room before settling down in its center. Brushing hair from his face he smiled thankfully over at Mingan as the creature stayed behind, guarding the entrance. Glancing above him, Ben ensured the small hole leading up through the cave’s ceiling to the open air wasn’t obstructed before he began to build a small fire and then hung a metal pot of water over it. He waited patiently, legs crossed over each other and hands resting upon his knees, until the water came to a boil. He went over the instructions his Master had given him, reassuring himself that he knew what to do and wouldn’t mess this up. That he wouldn’t disappoint him. A low rumbling sound pulled Ben from his thoughts and he reached out to remove the pot from the fire. Placing the strange, dried-out plant inside a small cloth sack, he carefully strained the scalding liquid through it and into a clay bowl he’d stolen from his mother’s kitchen. He closed his eyes and let the steam waft over his face as he waited for the tea to cool down enough to drink. Even before he’d taken a single sip, Ben felt the powerful energy of the concoction ebb into his consciousness. He softly blew across the surface of the liquid a few times and eventually reached in and tested the heat of it with his fingertip. Deeming it safe to consume, temperature wise at least, Ben took a deep breath and a quick reassuring glance at his faithful companion, before lifting the bowl to his lips and swallowing it down. He moved to set the bowl on the ground in front of him, only to realize it was no longer in his hands. Startled, he looked around and found himself in an unfamiliar room. Ben scrambled to his feet, spinning in circles as he took in the dark, cavernous chamber with walls stretching up impossibly high and shadowy corners in every direction. It was unlike any structure he’d ever seen before. Not at all like the grand, modern skyscrapers of Coruscant. The room appeared to be in a castle of some sort, with small, arched windows up above that let the moonlight in, and the walls and floor were made of dark grey stones, assembled so long ago that they were likely laid by hand. It didn’t take Ben long to realize he was not alone. He couldn’t see anyone else in the room, but he could feel them. He could feel their eyes on him. “Who’s there?” he shouted into the darkness. There was no reply but the presence seemed to move closer. “I said who’s there?” he demanded, but still nothing. He looked around, hoping to find a weapon of some kind to defend himself. He was straining his eyes in the darkness fruitlessly-- when suddenly he spotted a box. It hadn’t been there a moment ago but now sat just twenty feet away. He sprinted for it, convinced it held something essential to saving his life though he didn’t know why. He reached the box and slid onto his knees, grasping desperately at its metal clasp as he felt the presence charging towards him. It was useless, the box was locked and would not open. He dug his fingers into its wood panels, trying to tear it apart with his bare hands. He felt the wood splinter and then gasped as he was knocked into from behind. He dove over the box, smacking his head against the stone floor as he rolled forward. He look up, desperately searching for his attacker but still he saw nothing. Again it hit him from behind. He scrambled away as it nipped at his heals and he flung his legs about wildly, hoping to hit something. He finally made contact and glancing back he saw a dark glimmer of what was after him. It didn’t look like much more than a shadow but it’s ferocity made it something terrifying. Ben kicked again, feeling his boot slam against the dark creature and bolstered, he used his hands to push himself from the floor before taking off in a mad dash. He ran as fast as he could to what he thought to be the edge of the room and hoped it held the means to exit. He was nearly there when he heard a scream and stopped. He whipped his head around, spotting her immediately. The moonlight from above streamed down, giving her light-colored clothing a soft glow and highlighting the terror upon her pretty face. “Get out of here!” Ben screamed at her, though there was little difference his command could make. The door to escape was just behind Ben but the girl was a good 70 feet away. And the creature was between them. Ben watched as the shadow’s focus slowly shifted from pursuing him to going back for the young woman. He stepped forward whispering a desperate plea to himself. “No…” The young woman began backing away as both the shadow and Ben moved closer. She looked around frantically, just as Ben had done, and spotted the very same box that he had. Ben knew she was going to try, and fail, to retrieve something from inside it, and though he knew nothing of the girl or why she should mean anything to him, he instinctually took off in a sprint to try and get to her before the creature did. The girl had run to the box as Ben had expected and as she struggled with its lock the shadow was rapidly closing in on her. Just as it looked like she would be attacked from behind as Ben had been, the girl stood and spun around, the box laid open at her feet. Ben slid to a stop and stared in awe as the girl raised her arms into attack position, igniting the silver-hilted lightsaber she held in her hands, sending its blue beam of plasma slicing into the air. The creature made a frantic leap at her and she swung her arms, grazing but not impaling it with the saber. It attacked again and she fought back in earnest, defending herself as best she could from a near invisible assailant. Ben recovered from his shock enough to start moving again, noting that the girl lacked formal training and was struggling to use the weapon properly. He was a mere few meters away when the girl was hit across the jaw and fell, losing grip on the lightsaber. It skittered across the floor, stopping right in Ben’s path, and he scooped it up without missing a beat and charged at the shadow. The countless hours of tutelage from his master and the few he’d managed to squeeze from his uncle coursed through the young fighter, empowering him with a strength and knowhow he’d never truly been able to put to use before. He’d never fought with a real lightsaber until this moment either, but it felt so right… so instinctual. With a final mighty blow that swept horizontally, slicing open what Ben believed to be the creature’s neck, the shadow dissipated into nothingness. Soon after, the steady thrum of the Force pulsing in his ears faded away until all that was left was the sound of Ben’s labored breathing. He quickly worked to slow his heartbeat and flexed his hand curiously around the saber hilt before looking down and switching it off. “Where am I?” The young woman’s voice was frightened, but strong. Ben turned to look at her as she stood, meeting his eyes. She was a couple years older than him he guessed, but a few inches shorter, and she jutted her chin forward defiantly as she looked up at him. He stared back at her silently, not knowing what to say. Her gaze drifted down to his hands and her expression darkened. “What have you done?” Some small part of Ben had been expecting a thank you from the stranger for saving her life, but instead she was looking at him in disgust. He followed her eyeline down to his hands and lifting them up in front of himself he found that the saber hilt was gone and in its place a copious amount of dark red blood. His eyes shot back up only to realize the girl was gone and he’d returned to the cave, kneeling in a different spot then when he’d left it. Several of the torches had been blown out and the smoke from the extinguished campfire curled menacingly through the air. Ben looked down again at the gore upon his hands, then past them to Mingan, who lay lifeless on the ground. He cried out, diving forward to grasp the animal’s fur coat in his fists, finding it split open and matted with blood in several places. “No no no no no no…” Ben pleaded as he pulled Mingan’s head into his lap, searching hopelessly for signs of life in his eyes. The blood from the deep slice at Mingan’s neck began soaking through his clothes as Ben doubled over, pulling his companion as close to him as possible as he sobbed helplessly. What have I done… /// “Are you all right?” Hux’s voice pulled Kylo from his reverie and his eyes refocused on the still smoldering destruction he’d just inflicted on the horde of battle droids that now lay in pieces at his feet. “Ren?” Kylo lifted his gaze, wishing he was in a light enough mood to appreciate the way the esteemed General was cowardly hovering just inside the doorway. “What is it?” Hux relaxed slightly but only took a single step forward. “Those droids aren’t cheap, you know,” He grumbled, surveying the training room full of mechanical corpses. “Couldn’t you at least hit things with a blunt instrument?” Kylo twirled his saber behind and then in front of himself, letting its grumbling hiss serve as his answer. Hux pursed his lips, feeling powerless as usual in the Knight’s self-assured presence. His eyes shifted on their own accord, from Kylo’s inscrutable face, down to the faded black tank that he wore, and then over to his exposed, muscular arms. The General’s nervousness at interrupting a particularly volatile training session quickly morphed into something much worse and Hux felt his throat go dry as he noted the beads of sweat glistening as they rolled down the defined curves of alabaster skin. The man in question disengaged his weapon and the ensuing silence halted Hux’s wandering thoughts. He looked up worriedly, searching Kylo’s face for a sign that he had sensed something, but found only an almost imperceptibly raised set of eyebrows. “What do you want?” he questioned, causing Hux to shift uncomfortably as his mind raced for the appropriate answer. “Or did you just come in here to whine about the First Order’s bottom line?” The General sighed in relief, remembering that he did in fact have a legitimate reason for being there. He cleared his throat. “We need you to accompany another treaty envoy. This one’s going to Tiisheraan. We’ve had reports of Resistance movement in the area.” Kylo felt a profound sense of conflict as he considered Hux’s assignment. The prospect of leaving Uncas again so soon made him incredibly uneasy, especially after recent events… and yet as he imagined going toe to toe with a particular Resistance agent once again, Kylo felt an unmistakable current of excitement course through him. Hux sensed the Knight’s reluctance to answer him right away and guessing its source he sought to reassure him. “Uncas will be safe. I know you’re concerned, but even though the Supreme Leader has made his first… overture, there’s really only so much he can do from a distance.” “You’d be surprised,” Kylo answered darkly, looking away. Hux rolled his lips between his teeth, reluctantly accepting that there was very little he understood about Snoke and his power over Force users like Kylo- and now his young nephew, it would seem. The boy’s father had informed Hux of the previous night’s incident so that he would know how to handle it if it happened again while Kylo was gone, though he assured him there was a chance it wouldn’t again for some time and meanwhile the child’s droid had now been programmed to never leave him alone even while he slept. “We’ll… we’ll figure something out,” he offered, feeling the uselessness of his words even as they were still leaving his mouth. Kylo looked over at him again with a graveness in his eyes. “Snoke’s interference isn’t our only problem.” Hux nodded. “I sent a team to investigate the ruins of your estate and question citizens of the neighboring village. See if they could find any witnesses. They should be returning imminently.” “Thank you,” Kylo spoke softly as he moved closer and then passed Hux as he went to the bench along the wall where he’d placed his discarded layers of clothing. Hux trailed him with his eyes and cleared his throat before nervously asking, “You don’t think that the Supreme-” “No,” Kylo cut him off, not returning the General’s gaze as he pulled his thick tabard over his head. “I saw the Force vision of the attack through his perspective. He was just as surprised as I was.” Hux only vaguely understood what this meant, but accepted the Knight’s confidence that Snoke was not behind the siege and the suspect they were searching for was still entirely unknown. He watched silently as Kylo completed his transformation to the feared Commander of the First Order, attaching his saber hilt to the side of his belt and brushing his long hair from his face before pulling on his mask. Kylo turned to Hux and spoke through his modulator, “How long until the envoy is set to depart?” “You have an hour.” Kylo nodded and went to move past the General to the door, reaching out in an uncharacteristic gesture to pat him on the shoulder as he walked by. Hux waited until the training room door slid shut behind Kylo before releasing the breath that’d been caught in his throat. Even through the heavy layers of his uniform, Hux’s skin burned from the brief contact and he dropped his head back, looking up to the ceiling in need of salvation. Noting the irony, he found himself actually longing for the days when they’d simply been cold and/or openly hostile to each other. At least then he’d been able to lie to himself. /// Rey walked down the stone carved corridor, running through the script of her cover story in her head. For their part the Resistance agents that picked her up on Balmorra hadn’t asked her any questions beyond whether she needed medical assistance, but she’d been directed to report immediately to debriefing once they’d landed. As she rounded the corner in the East wing of the base her long strides became slow, shallow steps as she spotted the glass-walled office up ahead. Inside, and performing a kind of silent theatre, were General Organa and Admiral Statura, the latter of whom was waving his arms animatedly as they argued. The Admiral seemed to be doing most of the talking, as Leia listened with strained patience, answering him whenever he paused. Rey looked around nervously and upon seeing the majority of the workforce ignoring the exchange, wondered at whether this sort of thing was commonplace and of little concern. She moved slightly closer, watching the way General Organa clenched her jaw as she fought to keep the disdain from her face as the younger man berated her tirelessly. Rey frowned, developing a sinking feeling of guilt as it occurred to her that she might be at least partially to blame for this. Almost as though sensing she was being watched, Leia turned and caught Rey’s concerned observation, causing the girl’s posture to stiffen. Statura followed the General’s gaze and reluctantly gestured for Rey to join them. He turned back to Leia as Rey approached and sternly added a final remark, silencing himself as the girl entered. “Rey, we’re so glad you’re all right,” Leia spoke to her warmly. Rey nodded, feeling increasingly foolish for having caused such a fuss. “The General’s right,” Statura added, shooting a loaded look in Leia’s direction. “We’ve only just acquired you as an asset for the Resistance, it’d be a shame to lose you so soon.” Leia made a face. “Very touching, Devlin,” she snarked at him before looking back at Rey with compassion. “You mean a lot to us, dear. Not just as a fighter for the cause.” “Yes, that goes without saying,” Statura spoke through clenched teeth. “We won’t take up any more of your time, General.” Rey did her best not to look unsettled as the Admiral held an arm out in the direction of the doorway, effectively kicking Leia out of the room. Leia pursed her lips but gave no other indication of her annoyance. As she passed by Rey she reached out and grasped the girl by the forearms, looking penetratingly into her eyes. “When you get a moment I’d love for you to come find me. So we could have a quick chat.” “Mmhmm,” Rey mumbled through a closed-lipped smile, suddenly glad that the overly observant older woman wasn’t the one conducting her questioning. Leia nodded and gave her arms a squeeze before leaving the conference room, shutting the glass door behind her with a clang. The Admiral made a gesture for Rey to sit which she complied with, before returning his attention to watching General Organa as she stomped away. He let out a complicated sigh before turning back to Rey and working to soften the expression on his concerned face. “For what it’s worth, I’m glad you’re safe,” he spoke earnestly. “Oh, it’s-” Rey waved a hand in the air awkwardly, “I know that. I just feel… I mean, I’m sorry to have caused so much trouble-” “That,” the Admiral nodded his head in the direction of Leia’s departure, “Wasn’t about you.” Rey nodded but Statura could see she was unconvinced and continued. “General Organa and I… have different ideas about how to handle the First Order’s new methods. She thinks this war can be won using primarily defensive tactics and playing the long game.” He circled around his desk and sat down, softly shaking his head. “I just don’t think that’s the case. And I’m worried… I’m worried that she’s not hearing, or not willing to hear, ideas other than her own because of her… personal investment in this conflict.” Rey could hear the heaviness in the Admiral’s voice and nodded gently in understanding, dropping her eyes down before bringing them back up to meet his. “Is there anything I can do to help?” she offered. Statura took a deep breath and leaned forward, propping his elbows on his desk and making a teepee with his fingers. He looked curiously at Rey and tipped his hands back to rest against his lips for a quick second before answering her. “You could start by telling me everything you know about Kylo Ren.” /// Rey stalked purposefully down the series of hallways leading from the Eastern edge of the base to her dormitory at the South end, hoping to make it there without being cornered by anyone else that had difficult questions for her to answer. She spotted her door up ahead and jogged the last couple steps towards it in relief. She’d just made it inside and was preparing to make a quick change when a soft knock and the creaking open of her still ajar door spun her back around in frustration. Finn poked his head inside, the look of relief on his face diminishing slightly when he caught the irritable expression on Rey’s. “Rey- Hey… Sorry, I just-” Rey immediately felt guilty for being annoyed by Finn through no fault of his own. It had been a tense interview with the Admiral, mostly because of how evasive she had needed to be, and it took something of an emotional toll on her. Looking at Finn now, so earnest and well-intentioned, hanging inside her doorway like a rejected child… Rey found her anger at Kylo Ren building once more just for putting her in this position in the first place. She never asked him to save her. She never asked him for anything. “Hey,” she sighed, relaxing her posture so that Finn felt comfortable stepping inside the room. Before he could say what she knew he was thinking, Rey held her hands up and tried to make light of the situation. “I’m totally fine. Really. You should see the other guy.” Finn ignored her jokes and moved forward briskly, pulling her into a powerful hug. Rey immediately felt her body tense up at Finn’s touch and wondered if he had noticed rather than asking herself why that was her response. If he did notice, Finn didn’t take it as a sign to let go, and Rey had to pat him on the shoulder and give him a nervous ‘Okay, Buddy…’ before he released her. “Rey I’m so sorry we left you- I tried to stop them- I wanted to wait but-” “Finn- Finn, it’s all right,” she soothed. “I know the rules of engagement. And you should too.” Finn frowned at how nonplused Rey seemed with her experience and watched as she moved away from him to pull some clothes from the locker against the wall. She laid them on the bed and sat down to pull off her boots. “Are you heading out too?” she asked casually, dropping each of her boots the ground with a thump before changing into fresh socks. “What?” Rey stood, pulling off her jacket and tossing it aside. “On the mission. Admiral Statura said-” “He’s sending you?” Finn asked in disbelief. Rey squinted back at him. “Hey just cause I made one mistake and missed the rendezvous-” “That’s not what I meant,” Finn stopped her. “I just, figured they’d give you a break is all…” Rey stuck her chin out. “Well I didn’t want one.” “Okay…” Finn conceded gently. “Okay.” An awkward pause lingered between them before Rey finally indicated the clothing on her bed and thus her need for some privacy. Finn nodded and turned to leave. “I’ll meet you on the tarmac, then.” “Yeah, I’ll just be a minute.” Finn glanced back quickly to nod and made a meek attempt at a smile before exiting the room and closing the door behind him. Rey sighed, again feeling guilty and again wanting to blame Kylo Ren for it. She turned to her bed and angrily yanked off her shirt and trousers, replacing them with decidedly less military-esque attire, swearing to herself all the while that the decision to change had nothing to do with him making fun of her. She pulled her boots back on as she hopped clumsily over to the trunk at the foot of her bed and just as she’d pushed her second heel down through the instep she bent over and punched the passcode in to disengage the lock. She lifted the heavy lid of the trunk and hesitated before reaching inside. ‘And don’t ever let me catch you without a lightsaber again…’ Rey scoffed to the empty room and shook her head as she retrieved the weapon from its hiding place. If he wants a fight, then he’s gonna get one. Rey slammed the trunk shut and hooked the saber to her belt before storming back out of her room. /// So much for negotiations. The planet of Tiisheraan was destabilized in the wake of the New Republic’s destruction and seemed, in theory, like it would be an easy target. Easier than Balmorra, even. But as Kylo deftly swung his saber through the air, blocking repeated blaster fire, he conceded that this had been an underestimation of both the Tiisheraan’s nationalistic pride and of the Resistance’s ability to sway others to their cause without the use of bribery or intimidation. He caught sight of troopers to either side of him being taken out, their gleaming white uniforms disappearing into the tall dry grass of the battlefield, and grimaced as he realized they were being pushed further and further back from the city centre. “Hold the line!” Kylo commanded at his troops, Force-pushing a row of Tiisheraan militia backwards about twenty feet- more as a show of strength than a strategic maneuver. He knew the Resistance had come in greater numbers than they had to Balmorra but so far he’d hardly seen their fighters in the mix. Likely hanging back to finish us off… he conceded bitterly, looking around as his troops continued to falter. Kylo reached out and yanked the nearest stormtrooper to his side, shouting at them over the din of combat. “Find Winnetka and tell him to get the delegation out of here!” “Sir, Yes Sir!” the trooper saluted sloppily before rushing away as Kylo focused his Force energy on covering the soldier enough to get him to the nearby ships. The hazy outline of the stormtrooper was just disappearing from view when Kylo felt the sizzle of a blaster bolt wing past him, nearly grazing the side of his helmet. He whipped around, growling as he spotted the source of the very nearly lucky shot. Poe Dameron, that cocksure pilot, was leading a small battalion of Resistance fighters into the fray and Kylo quickly moved his eyes from the look a disappointment on his would-be assassin’s face to search the others in the crowd. He hadn’t spotted her yet, but he could feel her. Kylo continued shouting orders at his dwindling fleet whilst reluctantly staging an exit strategy in his head. It wasn’t in his nature to accept defeat, but with each protective swing of his saber the normally fearless Knight found himself fighting not to win the battle, but rather selfishly, just to stay alive. An especially burly Tiisheraan fighter charged at Kylo, swinging a vibrosword at a downward angle that Kylo just barely dodged before quickly launching into a counterattack. Powered by a rage that came from realizing any attempt on his life was essentially an attempt to orphan his son, the young warrior swiftly dispatched the man opposite him before angrily moving on to the next. Knowing that defeat was imminent regardless of his single-handed efforts, Kylo ordered a full-scale retreat and began leading the troops furthest from the transport ships back towards safety, battling all the way. They made it a few hundred yards by the time they saw the first two vessels lift off and begin firing down upon the enemy. The Resistance fighters scrambled in response, several of them hurrying to get to their own ships, as the fight on the ground threatened to shift into an aerial one and First Order fought to do as much damage as they could while they fled. Kylo spotted the high black tips of his personal shuttle through the haze and kept himself on high alert, knowing that every step closer to it was a step closer to his son. In fact, he was so focused on the attacks coming from behind and to the right of him, that Kylo almost didn’t spot her. He blinked a few times beneath his mask before he could even be certain of what he was looking at. But sure enough, the girl was straight ahead about fifty feet, directly between Kylo and his ship and staring back at him as though he were the only other person on the planet. She was the calm center of a hurricane, fights raging around her in every direction while she stood perfectly still. Waiting for him. Kylo felt his steps slowing, letting his troopers continue surging forward while he held back. The fleeing soldiers barely took notice of the scrawny girl in dingy desert clothes, passing her by the dozens, likely not considering her much of a threat. Kylo felt his lips twitch ever so slightly in amusement knowing just how untrue that was. There were fewer combatants between them now and it became clear to Rey that Kylo was avoiding advancing on her. Her patience was wearing thin, so in her best imitation of the arrogant Knight, Rey artfully twirled her bright blue lightsaber at her side- letting him know that engaging her in battle wouldn’t be optional. Kylo quickly surveyed the status of his battalion’s departure before deciding that the best way to handle the girl would be to get her as far from the other Resistance fighters as possible. He began stepping sideways to the left, making clear his intention to move their confrontation separate from the primary battle and away from distractions. Rey responded, moving diagonally to her right, each careful stride bringing her closer to Kylo Ren. There was a small hill that ran along the edge of the engagement area and Kylo strategically put his back to it so that with every step Rey took towards him they were that much closer to scaling over it. Rey soon realized his maneuvering, and assuming it was to try and give himself the higher ground she jogged ahead, placing herself opposite him as they climbed the hill in unison. They each held their sabers in attack position as they calmly stepped sideways over the crest, but it wasn’t until they were mid-descent that Rey decided to make her move. She used her downward momentum to propel herself towards her opponent ferociously, and it would’ve been enough to knock a normal-sized man from his feet but Kylo merely stumbled back a couple steps before regaining his footing. Rey swung at him again. And again. Each time coming close to making contact with his body but never quite managing. Suddenly Rey bristled upon realizing that Kylo’s movements were entirely defensive and he’d yet to make a single direct attack move. She drove her saber angrily at him, gritting her teeth as she watched him slap her extensions aside while he continued stepping backwards across the field. “Why are you holding back?” she growled, mistaking his caution for condescension. Kylo didn’t answer, nor did he make adjustment to his parrying. “Fight me,” Rey commanded, swinging her blade wildly at him. “Fight me, you coward!” If the masked Knight took some offense at her accusation, it manifested itself in a particularly powerful counter-parry that Rey felt the power of vibrate up her arm. Encouraged, she continued to needle him. “That’s it. You’re-- afraid.” Her words came between lunges, one form of attack interrupting the other. “You’re just-- a scared-- little-- boy.” Kylo released a guttural sound and finally pushed back against Rey’s advancement. She saw the opportunity and dove forward in a somersault, hoping to come up behind him and push him off balance. He was too quick, however, and though he had new regard for his mortality, losing a limb still wasn’t enough to phase Kylo and he boldly swung a leg out to kick Rey’s saber from her hand. She scrambled for it, clawing through the scorched brush even as it blistered her fingers. Kylo moved toward the weapon as well, and though she couldn’t be certain, Rey thought she heard him swear under his breath as he planted a boot against her ribcage and pushed her from the growing flames. She rolled sideways, coming to a stop just in time to see Kylo step through the fire and kick his ancestral lightsaber to safety. She watched his fluid movements, the way his black robes swept around his long legs, and her lips parted involuntarily at the striking image. A dark specter, surrounded by fire but somehow immune to it. So entranced was Rey that she didn’t note how fast the blaze was spreading until she felt its warmth upon her face. She climbed to her feet and hurriedly moved away, watching as the fire effectively divided the field between herself and Kylo Ren. Through the blurry, yellow tips of the flames she could just barely make out the warm glow reflected upon his mask as he stood motionless, watching her. She continued fearfully stumbling backwards and wondered at why he didn’t do the same. “Get out of here!” she shouted, not knowing if he could even hear her over the whipping crackle of the dry brush as it went alight. A strong wind blew through the valley, tossing Rey’s hair across her eyes and encouraging a powerful surge in the fire’s domain. She frantically pushed her tangled locks from her face and swore to herself that she wasn’t concerned for Kylo Ren’s safety. “Rey!” She spun around to find Finn, calling to her from atop the small hill and looking positively frazzled. “Come on, let’s get out of here!” It was the logical thing to do, and yet Rey found herself turning back towards danger, looking to be reassured. “Reyyy!” Finn’s voiced pleaded to her with unbridled panic, but it was only the arrival of a sleek, bat-like ship that gave her permission to retreat. She sprinted across the last unburnt edges of the field and scaled the hill, looking back as she reached the top to see the dark shuttle land just long enough for its commander to board. Finn grabbed Rey by the elbow, pulling her away as she sighed, albeit reluctantly, in relief. Together they jogged down the backside of the hill and set out towards the waiting Resistance transports, and amongst them a victorious Poe Dameron obviously pleased with their triumph but nonetheless waving for them to hurry up. Rey smiled, proud that this mission went better than the last, but her jubilation was cut short we she saw a sudden look of panic wash over Poe and the other remaining Resistance fighters. She looked up just in time to see the Upscilon class shuttle pass overhead and swoop down in front of them. Finn and Rey halted in their tracks and gawked at the frightening figure standing upon the ship’s lowered ramp as it hung before them, blowing dust and dry grass into the smoky air. Kylo stared down at them through his faceless mask, seemingly unmoving though Rey could just barely see the rise and fall of his shoulders as he breathed angrily. Wholly distracted from the man standing beside her, Rey didn’t catch Finn’s intentions until he’d already razed his blaster and squeezed his trigger finger. “Don’t!” she cried out as the bolt of blue electricity shot from his weapon and into the air. Only a split second after it had been fired the bolt froze in midair and Rey gawked at the absolute marvel of it before trailing her eyes ahead to where Kylo Ren still stood, holding an arm out in front of himself. She felt the power of the Force as he used it to hold both the bolt and Finn in place, and not for the first time she found herself in awe of his abilities. Noting that unlike Finn she was still able to move, Rey began walking forward, moving towards Kylo Ren like a woman possessed. She was as oblivious to the desperate pleading in Finn’s eyes as she was to the shots being fired upon the black shuttle, sparking as they bounced off its shields harmlessly. Rey was still a good twenty feet or so from the craft when she came to a stop, the intensity of Finn’s blaster bolt vibrating above her left shoulder. The man before her looked to take a deep breath before reaching to his belt with his free hand and producing his grandfather’s saber. He hesitated only slightly before tossing the weapon down, letting it hit the soft ground and roll to Rey’s feet. She looked down at it, stunned. By the time she’d recovered from the surprise enough to lift her head again, Kylo Ren was already turned away, walking back up the ramp as it closed. The ship shuttered slightly and then quickly departed, leaving Finn to drop to his knees and the aborted blaster shot to arch through the sky before landing dangerously close to the spot where Poe and the other fighters had fortified themselves. Rey startled at the explosion and it shook her from her momentary stupor. Blinking rapidly she scooped up the lightsaber hilt and ran back to Finn so she could help him to his feet. Too focused on the task at hand, Rey failed to notice the fearful look her friend was directing at her as she gripped him around his torso and aided him forward. “What the hell was that?” Poe shouted over the roar of engines as the two approached. Finn shook his head worriedly and Rey pretended not to hear him. The small collection of ships began taking off and Lt. Stanhope was calling for them to follow him. Poe reached out to grab Finn by the other side, knowing firsthand how a Force freeze could leave your legs weakened, and the three of them stumbled onto Stanhope’s transport along with the last remaining fighters. Rey released her grip on Finn and watched on as Poe helped him into a jump seat, pulling the safety straps into his reach and popping him reassuringly in the shoulder with a fist. He straightened and turned back around, seeming surprised to find Rey still standing so close. “You uh- should get into a seat,” he stammered, avoiding eye contact with Rey for probably the first time since she’d met him. Rey nodded numbly as Poe pushed past her to the cockpit, and she turned her head as if to watch him go but stopped before she’d even made it halfway around. Her gaze slowly fell to the metal hilt she still held in her grip and holding her breath she squeezed it so tightly that her knuckles went white. “Rey?” Her breathing became labored and her eyes began watering, leaving trails down her cheeks where they washed the ash away. “Rey.” The ship shook as it entered hyperspace and Rey looked up at Finn as he furrowed his brow darkly at her. “You need to tell me what happened down there.” Finn’s insistence quickly lost its confidence when Rey squared her shoulders and looked back at him with a cold detachment he’d not previously seen her capable of. “You were there,” she bit with calm annoyance before turning on her heels and walking to the back of the ship. Finn’s lips fell open in shock and he helplessly shifted his eyes forward to catch the concerned look Poe was directing over his shoulder. Silently they confirmed each other’s unhappy suspicions and agreed that Rey would need to be watched more carefully from here on out. full res poster via tumblr Notes: I'm not gonna lie, this thing is getting harder and harder to write in sequence- but damned if I haven't written a lot for future chapters already... Went ahead and changed the rating cause hey-oh we're actually almost kinda sorta getting somewhere adultish. Slow burn for life, tho. And thanks as always for reading. Drop me a kudo if you're digging it. A comment if you're really digging it. Or just sent me encouraging vibes if you're a noncommittal kind of person. ;) Happy Holidays! See you next year! <3 Chapter 9 : Crashing Notes: Sorry this update took so freaking long... Life, amirite? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Standing motionless in the shower, Rey stared down at her feet, watching as the dirt and ash that slid from her skin slowly circled the drain before disappearing. She closed her eyes, wobbling slightly as her tired body threatened to shut down even as her mind was still frantically racing. “And you’re certain you have no idea why Kylo Ren went out of his way to return the weapon to you?” Rey shook her head. “Honestly, I really couldn’t say…” She kept her gaze focused entirely on Admiral Statura as he questioned her, lest she risk catching sight of one of the several pairs of eyes in the room that Rey was confident weren’t buying into her ignorance. Leia, presumably. Poe, quite possibly. Finn, most assuredly. Rey leaned her head against the glass wall, drooping forward so that the hot spray hit the back of her neck and rolled down between her shoulder blades. She had felt several concerned stares following her exit from the debriefing room, and was thankful only in that they hadn’t pursued her further. She coughed, still feeling the singe of smoke in her lungs, and sighed, still feeling the presence of Kylo Ren in her mind. Then blushed, realizing she was thinking about him in the shower. The thought was enough to make Rey want to cover up, and switching off the water she quickly reached out to yank a towel into the shower and used it to dry off before wrapping it tightly around her torso. Crossing through the refresher, she grabbed another towel to wrap around her hair then suddenly paused upon spotting her blurry outline in the fogged up mirror. She gently raised a hand, and with a single gesture she wiped away a streak of moisture, revealing the features of her face and nothing more. Rey stared back at the reflection, as though distrustful of its intentions, as though it were someone unfamiliar to her. She stood there, watching as the steam gradually clouded up the mirror again and her image slowly disappeared. The door to the adjoining section of the communal refresher creaked open and Rey quickly gathered her things, scurrying out of the shower area and down the hall. So unwilling to speak to anyone at all, that dashing to her room half-naked was preferable. She opened her door and darted inside, realizing only too late that she wasn’t alone. “Fuck!” “Whoa!” Finn quickly raised a hand to block his view of Rey in her exposed state and doubled his efforts by also looking down at his lap and absolutely nowhere else. “What the hell, Finn?” Rey bristled at the sight of him sitting on the edge of her bed, feeling more annoyed than embarrassed. “I’m sorry-- I didn’t know you’d be- I’m sorry.” Rey almost felt pity for him in his flustered, uncomfortable state. Almost. “You’re breaking into my room now?” Finn lifted his head defensively only to realize his mistake and dropped it back down. “It was open,” he argued innocently. Rey stomped- as much as a barefoot person could- over to a small set of drawers, pulled out a thick jumper and yanked it over her head. “Open- or unlocked?” “Unlocked,” Finn answered sheepishly. She glared at his profile as she yanked a pair of leggings on beneath the towel and then tossed it to the floor beside the one that’d been knocked from her head. “Finn.” He didn’t respond. “Finn,” she repeated, more commanding. He slowly lifted his gaze to meet Rey’s, his reprieve in finding her covered up short-lived as he noted the hostile look upon her face and the way she defiantly seemed to be letting her wet hair drip all over the place. “I just wanted to talk,” he offered gently. Her shoulders dropped and almost imperceptivity she shook her head. “But I don’t.” Finn winced, feeling the sting of her words and he slowly stood, turning to face her head on. He looked at her critically, then glanced away to consider his thoughts. “Is there something you’re not telling me?” She shrugged. “Probably.” “Rey…” he warned. “Look, Finn, I know we’ve been through a lot together… And I care for you, I really do… But I don’t remember ever agreeing to you knowing every last detail about me.” She shook her head more noticeably this time. “I didn’t sign up for that.” Finn didn’t bother trying to hide the hurt on his face as he looked Rey up and down once more before moving towards the exit. Rey took his disapproving appraisal in stride, nonetheless feeling relief that he was leaving. She didn’t even turn her head to follow him until he stopped in the open doorway and pointedly waited for her attention. Once he had it Finn spoke in hushed tones, all too aware now that his voice could be carrying down the hall. “Me coming here- talking to you? Was as a friend. And you don’t have to answer my questions, that’s fine, that’s your right-- But the next person who shows up at your door might not be a friend, and you might have to answer their questions.” Rey stepped towards him calmly and Finn backed through the doorway as he added one final remark. “This is a military organization, Rey. And you answer to more than just yourself... Secrets are a luxury that you don’t get to have.” “Yeah, well, technically I never really signed up for that either.” Rey shut the door in Finn’s face, feeling decidedly less guilty about it than she would’ve expected to. She made sure to lock it before stepping away, moving to occupy the spot on her bed that Finn had just vacated. She wrang her hands together nervously for a moment, lost in contemplation, then rolling her head over her shoulder Rey looked shyly at the trunk at the end of the bed. It only took a few seconds for her to make the decision and swiftly step over to unlock and open the chest. She reached in and pulled out the projector, sliding it to rest on the floor beside her bed with its lens pointed up to the ceiling. Satisfied with its alignment, Rey turned back to shuffle through her small collection of stolen memory sticks, finding the one she was after and putting the rest back in their hiding spot. It was unlike the others. Newer, and a different model stick… but it was more than that. She’d watched each of the holovids several times now save for this one, which she’d only managed to get through once. While the others had been carefully collected snippets of happy family memories- birthdays, and first steps; holidays and bedtime stories- the memory stick in her hand contained nothing more than surveillance footage from a series of cameras onboard the Millennium Falcon. The fractured timeline of a single event that occurred a decade and a half ago. Rey swallowed apprehensively as she locked the stick into the projector and hit play, laying back on her pillow to watch the pieced together story unfold. /// Ben Solo was fifteen today. Fifteen, and now officially old enough to apply for his pilot’s license, but after bringing it up at breakfast with his mother, Ben held little hope that she would be changing her mind any time soon. A license meant freedom. A license meant independence. Leia Organa knew this, and had no intention of giving her moody teenage son permission to leave the planet whenever he felt like it. “Why can’t you just talk to her?” The pleading in Ben’s voice was half-tempered with open hostility, as though he knew his argument would fall on deaf ears and simply wanted to make known his disapproval of the inevitable outcome. The angry teen continued stomping after his father as he loaded various crates into the Falcon’s forward freight elevator. “Or can’t you be bothered to be a parent of equal standing in this family?” Han dumped the box in his hands onto the pile and looked back at Ben, genuinely wounded by his son’s spiteful words. The teen held his ground under the older man’s conflicted gaze, shoulders hunched forward and fists clenched at his sides. Across the valley a heavy storm was spreading towards them, the dark clouds in the sky mirroring those in Ben’s eyes and the crackle of distant lightening adding an electricity to the air. “Is this really about the license – or is there something else?” Ben narrowed his eyes. “Of course it’s about the license.” Han gave him a doubtful look in response and Ben jutted his chin toward the supply-filled elevator shaft. “Not like I care that you’re leaving. Again.” “Ben-” Desperate for contact, Han reached out but caught only a handful of air as the boy ducked away and went storming past a confused Chewbacca as he scaled the ramp of the ship. Chewie looked over at his friend and let out a questioning growl that was quickly carried away by the increasing winds. Han shook his head, punching the controls to close the freight elevator and dejectedly sauntering over to his co-pilot. “Get the repairs finished up and I’ll finish loading the gear. That storm looks like it’ll be here sooner than we thought. Chewie growled in affirmative but his eyes betrayed concern about the things going unspoken. Han looked away, busying himself with collecting items to carry onto the ship, filling his arms before following his son’s angry path up the ramp. He half-expected to find Ben voyeuristically occupying the cockpit when he stepped onboard, and was surprised to discover the lanky teen sitting on the curved bench in the communal space. His elbows propped up on the dejarik table and his head hung low between them. Han made quick work of depositing his armloads into the storage panels on the opposite wall before slowly striding towards Ben’s prone form, nervously grabbing at the back of his belt when he came to a stop in front of the table. “Listen, kid-” “Don’t.” Ben interrupted him, his strained voice muffled as he spoke down to his lap. “Don’t what?” Ben sighed. “Don’t… bother.” Ben lifted his head and Han’s lips involuntarily parted in response to the dead-eyed look of resignation that greeted him. Realizing his mouth was agape he quickly closed it, swallowing a wad of saliva as he simultaneously smothered whatever appropriate response he should have had to the seriousness of the moment. Shaking his head once again, Han stepped backwards, distancing himself in more ways than one. “You know… you get this flair for the dramatic from your mother.” Something unreadable flashed across Ben’s face but Han had no interest in further investigation. He turned away, heading back out of the ship and barking over his shoulder that the boy should make himself useful and help him finish loading the rest of the supplies. He didn’t look back to see if Ben was following him, but certainly wasn’t surprised to discover he wasn’t. Ben stared back down at the table for the next few minutes, pointedly ignoring both his father and the concerned wookie as they passed back and forth in front of him several times. A particularly heavy crate had Han visibly struggling as he made his way down the curved hallway, grunting and cursing all the way, before he pushed it into its place with a resounding huff. As he walked back to the main hold wiping the sweat from his brow, he found Ben still seated, only now with his feet up on the table and his head leaned impossibly far back, staring at Han down the bridge of his nose. The very picture of insolence. Han stared back at Ben, his broad shoulders dropping under the weight of his disappointment. “You know… There’s something to be said for fulfilling people’s expectations of you.” The cockiness drained from Ben’s eyes and he watched as his father turned away, seemingly uninterested in witnessing the impact of his accusation. Not wanting to give Han the satisfaction in feeling he’d gotten the last word, Ben leapt to his feet and chased after the older man as he made his way back off the ship. He was nearly about to charge down the ramp when the sound of his mother’s voice stopped him dead in his tracks. “Have you seen Ben?” Han grumbled something in response and Ben dipped down in his hiding spot to catch sight of his mother shaking her head with disappointment. “-what to do about-” “-what do you want me to-” “-feel like I don’t even know-” Ben strained his ears, trying to catch all that they were saying as the incoming storm fought to drown their voices out. “-think it’s time we talk about-” “-he doesn’t need to know that-” “-maybe he’d be better off-” “-send him to-” “-just give up-” Ben hadn’t heard everything but he’d heard enough. He shoved himself from the top of the ramp and retreated back into the ship, punching any surface that dared come within his reach. He made his way to the cockpit, slamming a boot against one of the jump seats and dislodging it from its base. Pleased with the damage a single kick had caused, Ben proceeded to attack it further, ripping the hinges from their fastenings and sending screws and bolts skittering across the floor. He turned and grabbed the opposite seat between his hands, ripping the headrest apart as though it had personally offended him. Once he felt satisfied with its destruction he turned to the pilot’s chair. His dad’s chair. And for a split-second considered tearing it apart as well, before quickly changing his mind and climbing into it. Looking through the windshield Ben spotted his parents moving along the starboard side of the ship, Leia stomping angrily back towards the house and Han reluctantly following after, waving his arms in the air as he pleaded. Ben let out a disgusted huff and began throwing switches. The loud rumble of the ignition being primed caught Han’s attention and he turned back, surprised to see Chewie still outside of the craft, the last of their supply trunks in his hands and an equally puzzled expression upon his face. Han’s head whipped knowingly to the cockpit, catching sight of the angry teen behind the helm. “Ben, no-” Leia gasped from behind him, far too quiet for the boy to actually hear. Han took off like a shot, running for the ramp at full speed but it slammed shut even as he jumped up to stop it. He cursed and moved to the exterior release button, yelling even more obscenities as he punched it several times to no effect. Turning to run past Chewie again Han yelled, “He’s jammed the circuitry!” and the wookie cried out in concern. Arriving below the glass walled cockpit he found Leia already there, begging with Ben to stop what he was doing and talk to her. Han felt inclined to try another tactic. “You shut that engine down right this second or so help me you won’t make it to sixteen!” Ben spared a withering glance in Han’s direction but otherwise didn’t hesitate as he made the last few adjustments and set initial coordinates for takeoff. By this time Chewie had made his way over to join them in front of the cockpit and began nervously pulling Leia out of harm’s way while calling for Han to follow them. Not yet done trying to angry finger wag his son into submission, Han persisted in blocking the ship’s departure with his body, even as the Falcon roared to life and the power of its engines shook the ground beneath him. Ben looked down at the furious visage of his father, seeing the redness of his cheeks and the way the vein on his forehead throbbed, and though he wanted to feel some sense of accomplishment or warped pride at the sight… he was disappointed to discover that he felt nothing. Numb. Empty. Knowing that even as his fingers twitched around the throttle there was little hope the stubborn elder Solo would willingly get out of the way, Ben made purposeful eye contact, unsettling enough in its emptiness that Han felt compelled to drop to the ground just as the Falcon nearly took his head off. Ben felt something immediate surge through him at the close call and his once steady breathing became labored and heavy. His hands shook with adrenaline as he managed the control panel, realizing almost as an afterthought that he’d never sat on this side of the cockpit before and now everything was backwards. Looking out across the landscape, Ben eyed the imposing thunderclouds of the storm and set his course to meet them head on. It was the stupidest thing he could possibly do and for that very reason it felt like the right decision. The Falcon creaked and groaned under the storm’s pressure and high velocity winds, and its impromptu pilot found himself hoping that this would finally be the day that his father’s beloved ship succumbed to its age. Still jittery and twitching like a live wire, Ben made one intentionally risky maneuver after another, dipping the craft down through the atmosphere low enough to scrape its belly on the tops of the tree line before inverting it back up at a ninety-degree angle. All the while bolts of lightning rained down around him, repeatedly scorching the Falcon’s edges without ever making direct contact. Spotting the jagged peaks of the mountain range that lay a several miles ahead Ben found himself wondering if that had been his intended destination all along. Taking a deep breath he closed his eyes and slowly released his quivering grip on the controls. The ship continued ripping through the sky, having no sentient ability to recognize its own impending doom. He’d been counting the passing seconds under his breath, when a familiar voice whispered furiously in the back of Ben’s mind, steadying his hands but sending a sheen of cold sweat rolling down the back of his neck. The voice was angry. Disappointed. Disgusted by his weakness. ‘How dare you forsake all that I have offered you.’ Ben’s eyes shot open and he grabbed the stick, pulling up as fast as he could, but not fast enough to avoid clipping the mountainside, sending the Falcon into a tailspin. Any attempt to control the descent was futile, and Ben braced himself as the ship crash landed into the dense mountain forest, unable to avoid injury to either himself or the vessel. No sooner had the grip of splintered trees ceased the Falcon’s reckless slide than Ben was climbing down from his chair and onto the floor. Kneeling, pleading, begging for forgiveness. He brushed away the blood that trickled down his face and blinked back the hypnotic pull of his concussion, focusing every ounce of himself into his piety. His crumpled form began rocking back and forth as he desperately reached out to his Master, needing to know that all their hard work together, all the trials and sacrifices Ben had made, had not been destroyed by his momentary foolishness. The voice was withholding as it communed with the boy, speaking minimally and allowing the dishonored apprentice to fill space in the conversation with apologies and confessions of his own inadequacies. Ben remained there on his knees, murmuring desperate pleas for forgiveness, right up until his parents finally found him. It had taken them two days. /// Rey blinked rapidly, feeling the tickle of moisture collecting on her lashes and wanting desperately to dry them out. She stared up at the blank ceiling for a moment, willing her unshed tears to recede as she tightly gripped a fistful of blanket in her left hand. Without questioning it as much as she ought to, Rey allowed her other hand to slide over to the projector where it sat beside her and quickly pressed a few buttons, bringing up the last frame of the video. When she’d watched the footage for the first time, Rey had felt rage. Jealousy. An overwhelming need to reach back in time and slap Ben Solo across his selfish, ungrateful face. But now, having watched it once more and with a different expectation of the events as they unfolded… She felt none of that. No self-victimizing torrents of how she would’ve killed to have any parents at all, let alone ones that so clearly loved their child. No blame, or bafflement, or infuriation. Gazing upon the broken form of the young boy, frozen in time and lost to the world… Rey felt only sadness. Tenderness... And pity. Reaching back to the projector again, with an aim to press the zoom button and get an even more invasive look at Ben’s face, Rey’s hand abruptly froze. Her cheeks turned pink at the sudden rush of blood to her face and her breathing hitched in her throat. ‘I don’t need your pity. ’ Rey gasped, properly hearing his voice for the first time since their exchange on Balmorra. And finding within it an angry desperation she hadn’t heard since they’d fought on Starkiller. ‘How dare you…’ Rey sat up with a start, her face awash with guilt at having been caught red-handed. But how did he… know? How could he- ‘I saw it.’ Kylo’s voice cut through her thoughts impatiently. ‘I can see everything.’ Rey’s eyes darted around frantically. “What do you mean you can see everything?” ‘You’re in your… bedroom. Part of a Resistance bunker, looks like.’ The seething fury in Kylo’s voice relented slightly to make way for his annoyance at having to explain the obvious. Surely she knew of this aspect of the connection. Surely she’d at least accidentally used it once or twice before on him. Rey’s eyes bulged at the thought that someone else might be using them without her knowledge. Or consent. “Get out of my head,” she growled at his presence and threw her legs over the side of the bed to stand. ‘Get out of my personal business .’ he rightfully spat back. Rey glanced shamefully down at the projector on the floor and felt Kylo Ren’s affront to the unwilling emotional exposure that she’d subjected him to. She chewed at her lower lip, wanting to be mad at him for his invasion but ultimately knowing that hers was far worse- and had likely incited his. Walking slowly across the small room, Rey waited until she was only a few inches from the framed, full-length mirror before sliding in front of it and feeling more than a single set of eyes stare back. She recoiled briefly, seeing the image of herself reflected back more than once in a dizzyingly endless line of copies, and it took a moment for her eyes to adjust. Once they had, she steeled herself, letting her mind’s interloper get a good look at the remorse upon her face. ‘You had no right…’ he breathed, more wounded now than angry. “I know,” Rey answered gently. Her timber growing even softer as she spoke penitent words to the last person she’d ever expected to be on the receiving end of them. “I’m sorry.” A long silence hung between them until finally Rey felt what could only be described as an internal nod of acceptance. She bit at her lip again and shifted her gaze away momentarily. “I don’t understand any of this…” She sighed in frustration and looked back up at her own image, wanting some kind of riposte. ‘My offer still stands.’ Rey spared a small smile for his persistence. “I don’t want a dark overlord, I just want some answers.” She felt him take a deep breath. ‘But how will you ever find them if you refuse to open your eyes?’ Rey’s lip was nearly chewed to the point of bleeding now as she stared into the mirror apprehensively. “My eyes are open…” she mumbled without conviction. Kylo spotted the fault in her resolve and pressed further. ‘Then be honest with yourself… You know you don’t belong there.’ Rey briefly let her gaze drift to catch sight of her surroundings in the reflection. “Doesn’t mean I belong where you are,” she challenged. “I’m not even sure you do.” She felt a prick of annoyance on Kylo’s end of the connection but to his credit it was absent from his voice. ‘Think about it. But whatever you do… just don’t waste your life pretending to be something you’re not. It’s time you’ll never get back and… ultimately you’ll have no one to blame but yourself.’ “Are you speaking from experience?” ‘Perhaps,’ he cagily replied. Rey sighed, pulling her focus away. “I should go…” She stepped sideways and scrunched her eyes, hoping he’d get the picture and take his leave of her. “Wait wait wait-” Kylo’s insistent voice brought Rey back to her reflection semi-startled. She quirked an eyebrow and waited for him to give his reason for stopping her. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you… for awhile now…” She blinked, having no guess as to what it could be. “What’s your name?” The tiniest laugh hitched a ride on the surprised breath that shot from Rey’s open mouth. Once she was certain he hadn’t been joking, she licked her worried lips and softly answered. “I’m Rey.” full res poster via tumblr Notes: I love writing this story but it is challenging and I am busy af so any encouragement is not only welcome but down right greedily asked for. Let me know you're still reading so I know I'm disappointing actual people when I slack off Also, special thanks to Hisui+Kaihane who went through the trouble of commenting on every single chapter. Meant the world to me! <3