I Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maybe it was pure happenstance, or maybe the Force was simply a prick, but Rey found herself crossing her saber with Kylo Ren on Takodana after spending almost an entire year of fighting each other on various planets throughout the galaxy. The reason Rey was on Takodana in the first place was to hopefully gather some rumours and intel about the First Order after a suspicious lull in activity that the General felt did not bode well for the Resistance. And of course, Kylo Ren and his cohorts would appear just then, but Rey had had the presence of mind to alert Poe of Ren’s impending presence the moment she felt the Force tugging at her heart, giving Poe enough time to evacuate Maz’s castle. The sky was a cloudy grey, the air humid and sticky, making her sweat more than the exertions of the duel did. Her arm ached as she parried that wretched lightsaber of his with gritted teeth. Blue and red lights flashed in his dark eyes. If only he had worn his stupid helmet. It was easier to fight him if she didn’t have to look at his face, bisected by her very own hand. A bead of sweat rolled down the side of her face. Her eyes narrowed as she pushed back, enhancing the shove with the Force. She heard him huff at her half-hearted effort, and ducked out of his way, jumping over a thick root of a tree when he swung his saber in a sloppy arc. The red sputtering plasma only grazed the rough bark, and Rey struggled not to roll her eyes at him. She scoffed. When was the last time she and Ren fought each other with the serious attempt to harm? They had clashed often enough after she had left him bleeding on the snow of an exploding Starkiller Base, and while they had been ferocious in their battles, the intent to kill had… simply lacked. Something she had only realized during their fifth rematch after Starkiller, but Rey hadn’t known what to do with that piece of information and had simply tucked it away into the deepest recesses of her mind. She let out a gasp when a Force shove hit her square in the chest and had her careening backwards. Her heart jumped into her throat as she stumbled, terror pulsing in her veins before it abated as quickly as it had come. Rey thrust out her saber, but there was no attack to block, even in the vulnerable half crouch she found herself in. Her gaze shot up, hazel eyes flashing, only to see him standing there, wide-eyed, not close enough to strike a blow even with his saber raised at the ready. With a frustrated huff she was back on her feet, frowning. The Bond, something Master Luke had explained to her, that had been forged between her and Kylo Ren, thrummed with a nervous undercurrent. It wasn’t for the first time Rey wished that whatever connection there was between them allowed her to see more clearly into his head, even if Ren’s constant nagging presence in the back of her mind was nothing more than a nuisance. It didn’t give her much. Just glimpses of constellations of stars Rey had never seen before, or a flicker of agony searing through muscle and bone, or a presence so dark and overwhelming that it tore Rey out of a fitful sleep, or a crushing wave of loneliness that was so familiar, a sensation so distressing she had been made to believe for a moment that she was back on Jakku. She could never tell whether they were visions or dreams or actual things he experienced. Sometimes, however, there would be a gentle caress of the Force against her, the barest of whispers, Ren calling out to her. He would never mention any of those instances whenever they met face to face. Was he even aware of what he was doing? Rey shook her head. It didn’t matter. She blew a few unruly strands of her hair out of her face before she was charging at him again. She feinted a blow to his right only to attempt a strike at his left. He was prepared, of course, and blocked her attack with a lazy tilt of his wrist. What were they doing? Playing around like children. With a surge of ire that would have Master Luke pursing his lips disapprovingly, Rey rammed her shoulder against Ren’s ribs with a roar. She would have laughed at the yelp he made, but then he was swinging his saber in front of him and she had half a mind to block and press against him. But the momentum of her attack had him tripping backwards, foot caught in a root, taking her with him. They were an embarrassing tangle of sweaty limbs. She had him pushed against a tree, her free palm pressed flat against his heaving chest. Rey craned her neck to look up at him, her fingers curling into the fabric of his robes. He really was stupidly tall. Their stares caught and she was distinctly aware of the heat that emanated from his body, of the solid muscle beneath her hand. With barely any space between their heaving chests , she could count the beauty marks on his pale face. Their sabers gave a low hum at their sides, unmoving and useless. She narrowed her eyes. She could end it now. With just a flick of her wrist. But so could he, yet neither of them moved. His skin was slick with perspiration and Rey wondered how he could withstand the heat in clothes like this. Maybe he should take them off. A different kind of heat pooled in the pit of her stomach, spreading a low throbbing sensation right between her legs. The Force buzzed around them as everything else phased out of existence. There was nothing else but them breathing together, their heartbeats in sync. Her fingers curled against the lapel of his robe and she pressed herself fully against him, gasping at the fever that bound them together. Ren’s eyes widened, and Rey felt a shiver run down her spine in the brief second where he broke their eye contact to gaze at her lips. Her breath hitched, and her senses rushed back to her. She pulled away with an inelegant jerk of her limbs. There was a small reprieve, a moment of shared confusion and disbelief before he clenched his jaw and ran towards her with his saber raised. Rey barely had a mind to fight back. A startling realization seeped into her bones. She staggered backwards with the next swipe of the red beam. She wanted him. Wide-eyed, she dodged the next swing of his lightsaber, and this clumsy back and forth went on until he snatched her wrist, not unlike he had on Starkiller among the snow-covered fields. But this time his hand went directly for her lightsaber. Panic pounded in her heart as she raised her knee to kick him, but he was faster and jabbed her backwards with his upper body and the Force. A cry ripped from her throat when she collided with the ground, her fingers curling around dirt as she immediately raised herself to her knees and elbows. Her head spun and for a moment everything was a delirious jumble of green and brown and black before her vision cleared. Where was her lightsaber? Rey’s head snapped up. Oh no. Her anxiety amplified into a frenzied dread at Ren’s hulking form, towering above her. “Scavenger.” It was her lightsaber he held up against her vulnerable throat when he spoke. “Is this what Skywalker has been teaching you all this time? Perhaps you should reconsider my offer. You are strong with the Force yet you are ungainly and barely seem to make an attempt to hurt me.” “Oh?” She raised her eyebrows, willing the alarm that the truth in his words ignited not to show. “Funny. Seeing as how you are standing there and talking. What are you waiting for, Ren,” she said breathily, staring up at him from beneath her lashes. “It almost seems like you don’t actually want to kill me.” There. His grip on the saber loosened. And Rey lunged. She hooked her leg around his ankle and pulled , and the mighty Kylo Ren went down, crashing and tumbling, with a yelp. Their lightsabers rolled away on the uneven ground, making her curse. She gathered the Force in her palm, felt it pulse and throb, and smashed her hands against his chest before he could get back onto his feet and grab his weapon. Ren let out a grunt.The tips of her fingers tingled when she pressed down against him, caging him in with her thighs. Her cheeks were ablaze as Ren made a strangled noise from the back of his throat. Her heart leapt into her throat, her skin hot and flushed, her thighs warm and snug against his sides. Unconsciously she lowered her head a fraction before she froze. This wasn’t what she had in mind at all. This was… this was not… What was she doing? Did she want to fight him or seduce him? She sucked in a trembling breath. Ren’s chest was heaving and pressing against her hands with each inhale. Something dark and dangerous stirred in his eyes, something that, instead of making her fear him, made her shiver with the thrill that danced along her spine. Maybe he wanted her, too. Maybe that was why their fights never amounted to anything. Always an impasse. A standstill. How could they slay each other when their bodies called out for each other, when she throbbed and ached to be touched? Maybe, just maybe it was the same for him. The Force flickered lightly and she realized the hold she had on him was gone. He still didn’t move. Just watched, tense and expectant. Hadn’t he noticed that he was free? This wasn’t what she was supposed to do. She had to-- Oh, but his lips looked so inviting. So full and pretty and luscious. Maybe she should do it. She hadn’t survived on Jakku so long all on her own without taking what she needed. Rey exhaled sharply, her gaze heavy-lidded as she ran her hands up his chest, feeling his breath hitch. His heart hammered beneath her palms. His lips parted like an invitation. This wasn’t Jakku. This was a bad idea. Possibly the worst she had ever had. This might not be Jakku, but if she was unable to fulfil her duties for the Resistance, unable to fight her enemy because of… because of what was between them, Rey might have to do this. She lowered her head until their faces were close enough that their breaths mingled. Her eyes fluttered shut, her worries and doubts dissolving into thin air, overcome by the sheer intensity of her emotions. She wanted this. So much. But just before their mouths could collide, she was pushed away, forcefully enough to make her fall flat on her ass. Ren was a blur of flaring black robes as he jumped to his feet, fists clenched at his sides. A snarl marring and cutting through the curious calm expression he had worn seconds before. “What are you doing?!” He took a few steps away from her. The hazy whirring of the Force quieted down, and Rey felt her blood freeze in her veins. Her legs felt like they weren’t even a part of her own body as she came to stand, as if she was watching this absurd scenario through someone else’s eyes. She was supposed to fight this man. He was her enemy! But she was so tired of their pointless duels that went nowhere. They were silly dances and she had memorized all his steps a long time ago. Knew when to duck, to step aside, and parry, knew his movements as intimately as she knew her own, and they would be stuck in this dance forever unless they died by someone else’s hand. The thought made her stomach churn. Or they needed to get rid of this tension between them once and for all. Rey squared her shoulders and raised her chin. “This isn’t working,” she said. He blinked, irritation draining out of his features to leave behind an endearing expression of complete befuddlement. He wasn’t supposed to be endearing. Or appealing. Or anything else than a monster. But he was. He was a man that was living and breathing and enticing her beyond reason. “This,” she tried again, pointing between them. “We need to do something.” “Has the heat gotten to your head?” he asked, annoyed, eyes narrowed. “Because I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He summoned his lightsaber, the red beam buzzing loudly, and pointed it towards her. “Fight me,” he hissed. Instead of following his example, Rey felt a wave of irritation wash over her, and let it gather in the force of her glare. “That’s exactly what I’m talking about,” she bit out. “We don’t really fight each other. We just flail around with our lightsabers and--” “I do not just flail around with my lightsaber!” he said, aghast. “Don’t project your insecurities on me just because you fail to take your duties seriously!” “I’m project--” she shook her head, “--never mind. Look,” she sighed, cautiously eyeing his weapon before she summoned her own, but killed the blue beam. “I’m sure you have noticed, too. Whenever we fight there’s--” she waved her hands around, feeling more and more foolish by the second, “--there’s this tension . And we never… ugh , this is the worst!” “Tension,” he repeated, “is that why you tried to… whatever it was you were trying to do?” “I thought…” she trailed off as a frisson of horror settled deep within her stomach. Oh. She had tried to kiss Kylo Ren. And… he had rejected her advances, hadn’t he? She might have next to no experience in these matters but being bodily flung away couldn’t spell his rejection any clearer, could it? Force, had she been wrong about this? Was she the only one who felt this weird current between them that spelled something else than animosity? Oh. Being speared by his lightsaber right now didn’t sound like such a bad fate after all. “I feel it too.” “Huh?” Her heart squeezed painfully in her chest and she wasn’t sure if she had actually heard him, or if her imagination was already playing games with her to ward off the crush of humiliation. “The… tension as you put it. I feel it too,” he said, louder this time. His gloved fingers tightened around the hilt of his saber before he thumbed it off. “Oh, that’s… that’s good.” She promptly cringed. But she’d be damned if she backtracked now. She had already made a fool of herself, she might as well finish speaking her thoughts. “We need to do something about it,” she said resolutely, as if she was simply talking about a machine that needed new parts to be fixed. “It distracts us. We can’t fight each other like this.” Ren tilted his head to the side. “What do you suggest we do?” “We need to, um…” She would probably be able to melt all of Hoth with the intensity of her blush. “We need to get rid of it, obviously.” Did he really not know what she was getting at? How could he not when she had tried to kiss him? “Obviously,” he scoffed. Rey’s eyes widened. He really did not know. “I know that this is… feel free to chip in with a better idea, but I think the reason this, uh, tension exists between us in the first place is because of--” she screwed her eyes shut, letting out a deep, drawn out breath. “The Force?” He raised an eyebrow. “No, I don’t think this is the Force’s doing,” she said, because that would be easy. She could have simply blamed it on the Force, but Rey vaguely understood the sensation of arousal, of craving a warm touch that wasn’t her own, the curiosity for a man’s touch. “We… I…” -- but did he know? -- “I think one way to get rid of it is to… give in to it.” Rey winced. Master Luke would be so disappointed. She walked towards him with slow, deliberate steps, fallen branches crunching beneath her boots. He watched her warily, but did not reignite his saber or make any other attempt to attack. “Do you understand, Ren?” she breathed. A heady storm was brewing within her chest, and she knew this was just the calm before. She licked her lips and reached out with her hand, and much to her surprised delight he took it into his much larger hand. “You,” he began, still uncertain and hesitant, and Rey was ready to shout everything out for the whole of Takodana to hear, but then his grip on her hand tightened only to slacken instantly when he pulled away. “Rey,” he said, and she would have dwelled longer on hearing him say her name for the first time if he didn’t look so scandalized , “are you propositioning me?!” “Proposition?” she snorted, clamping her hands on her mouth before she dissolved entirely into a fit of high-pitched giggles. “Isn’t the dark side all about embracing your passions?” “I am not a Sith!” he said, flustered. “Are you suggesting that the best way to get rid of this tension is to… lie with each other?” She giggled despite herself, delirious and lightheaded. “Why do you act so shocked suddenly? I did climb on top of you and nearly kissed you. Or didn’t you realize what I was trying to do?” “I… that doesn’t matter. I am not supposed to--” he grimaced, shifting in place. “It would be a truce of sorts. Temporary, of course. But if you don’t want to,” Rey said carefully, “we can come up with something else.” He eyed her as if she had grown another set of arms out of her back. The silence between them stretched on as the wildlife around them only gained in volume, the chirping and hissing that echoed from within the darker parts of the forest setting Rey even more on edge. She gritted her teeth, unwilling to let Ren see her fidget. Not while he stood still, frozen and solid like a statue chiselled from the shadows. Oh, but his eyes were burning; the conflict within him swirling and writhing, almost palpable even without the tenuous Bond amplifying everything between them. The small hairs on the back of her neck prickled as his gaze roamed down her body, the motion almost vacant as if his thoughts were already somewhere else. Rey’s breath caught in her throat as he bit his lip. She should feel uneasy in the snare of his eyes, but Rey revelled in it, in the flicker of appreciation that burned her from the inside out. “I see the merits of your idea,” he eventually said, the deep timbre of his voice making her shiver. Her limbs unfroze at that and Rey found herself led by a heady confidence as she came to stand right in front of him. Ren blinked down at her, cocking his head to the side, yet made no attempt to touch her. She tapped against the leather-clad back of his hand and even that brief contact made her skin flare with heat. “Is that a yes?” She watched him from beneath her eyelashes. Ren shifted, the edge of his robe grazing her fingers. He was breathing loudly and there was a profound sensation of relief within her. It wasn’t just her who was betrayed by her own body like this, by the throbbing wanton fire between her legs that made her feel dizzy and weak in the knees. She was helpless in her desire. Nobody else had ever made her so itchy with the basest of needs, and it was an itch she desperately needed to be scratched. “Yes,” he said thickly, swallowing hard. Rey exhaled harshly and stepped into his personal space, wrapping her arms around his neck. There was a flash of surprise from his side of the Bond, so much more tangible with their proximity, before she smashed their lips together. Their teeth clacked when he opened his mouth in shock, his shoulders stiffening beneath her grip. Her heart stuttered in her chest-- why wasn’t he doing anything?! Wasn’t he supposed to hold her and kiss her back? Wasn’t this how they were supposed to initiate the sex? Was she doing it wrong?! She pulled away with a gasp, her hands still remaining on his shoulders. “Ren, what are you--” “That was terrible.” Her mind came to a screeching halt. “Excuse me?!” She retracted her hands, insulted. “I... I’m sorry that I’m such a terrible kisser, but at least I’m trying? You’re just--” Rey shook her head. “And you’re just standing there like an idiot. You are in no position to judge my kissing skills!” “You were being decidedly inelegant.” Ren closed the space between them, his strong arms encircling her small waist, his hand pressing against the curve of her back. He pulled her to his chest. They were so close that she could see the lighter shades of brown in his eyes and the thin ring of green around his pupils. Tilting her head back, he pressed their lips together, more gently than she had done, and it could be considered pleasant if their noses didn’t bump together. Ren looked more out of breath in the aftermath of their second kiss than he had during the entirety of their silly excuse of a duel. “That was terrible,” Rey said snidely, just to be a brat, and tried to ignore the tingling in her lips. “Shut up.” His severe scowl was diluted by the mottled blush on his cheeks. She didn’t think Ren had ever looked any less intimidating than he did now. The displeasure radiated out of him in waves and he pursed his lips into something that looked suspiciously like a pout. Here went nothing. “My attempt was better than yours.” Rey let out a loud snort. “Of course.” Her scorn earned her another glare. Rey squared her shoulders and reached for the collar of her tunic with clammy fingers. She forced her self-consciousness into the corner of her mind where her common sense had also been residing since she had decided to open her big fat mouth and talk to Ren about having sex. The first clasp came undone. “Rey, what are you doing?” He eyed the jerky movements of her hand warily. She let out a growl. “What does it look like I’m doing?! I’m trying to get undressed so we can finally have sex.” “What?” He recoiled from her and if she wasn’t so mortified by his unfavourable reaction she might have laughed. “You-- you mean to do this here?” “Why do you think I kissed you?” He shook his head, an expression of utter befuddlement spreading over his face. “You want us to fornicate here? In the forest?” “I’m sorry that the accommodations are not up to your standards, Lord Ren.” She clenched her jaw, annoyed by how easily her lust had simmered down to a weak flicker. “If I had known this was going to happen I would have booked us a room at Maz’s. Totally not suspicious if we just waltzed in there and--” “No. That is not what I was--” he huffed out, running his hand through his hair. Something in his gaze hardened then, and just like that he was standing taller, and he could almost pass for intimidating again. “If we are going to do this, we are going to do it properly. On a bed.” The brown of his eyes looked like molten amber, and how could she have ever believed that the surging force of her desire could ever be extinguished? Rey hadn’t even noticed they had been moving until her back hit the bark of a tree. Her blood boiled in her veins, and she should be more apprehensive about having him tower over her, of having his strong arms cage her in like this. He was such a big man. He raised a gloved hand towards her face and trailed a finger gently down her cheek, his thumb brushing against the corner of her mouth. At this rate it was her palpitating heart that was going to send her to an early grave. She parted her lips and nibbled on the pad of his leather-clad thumb, eliciting a quivering breath from him that shook his entire frame. “You are exquisite,” he hissed, agonized, and Rey thought such a compliment deserved a reward of its own. She pulled him down by the front of his robes, his breath tickling her feverish skin as she brought their lips together. Rey’s eyes slid shut in bliss, their mouths tasting and moving slowly. She could feel him through his robes, pressing hard against her stomach, and there was no small measure of pride that she affected him like this. He jumped at the merest brush against her. She smiled against him, her other hand sneaking between his legs. “No.” His voice had dropped to a growl as his hand curled over her own. “I refuse to bed you here, Rey.” “Then where?” She was going to combust and he wasn’t even touching her where she wanted him to! Ren pulled away, leaving her bereft of of his warmth. Her disappointment didn’t last long when she saw his flushed face and his eyes, almost black with his dilated pupils. He looked at her like a starving man, barely managing to hold himself together at the mere sight of her. “We will meet at an agreed upon location,” he said. “I will choose the location,” she said as some clarity returned to her brain. She brushed her hair out of her face and narrowed her eyes. He clenched his fists, looking ready to argue. Rey squared her shoulders and moved away from the bark of the tree, raising her chin. She would not let him win in this matter, wouldn’t allow him to control their surroundings. He was still her enemy. That wouldn’t change and she trusted him as far as she could throw him. “Fine.” The fight bled out of him with a heavy sigh. “You may choose, but don’t think I won’t know if your precious Resistance friends will be there if this is your attempt at setting a trap for me.” “It’s not a trap!” she snapped, feeling the ire unfurl in her heart. Oh how she resented him for bringing out the things in her she was supposed to master and control. “This is solely so we can get it out of our systems and act like we are supposed to. It’s a truce and it will remain a truce until we have taken care of business.” His eye twitched. “Business?” She crossed her arms. “Yes, business.” “Then where shall we carry out our transaction?” A number of Outer Rim planets came to her mind. They were sparsely populated and the risk of someone spotting them was low. However, if someone were to spot them… cantinas and inns were dens of rumours and stories that travelled faster on those lawless planets than they did elsewhere. She knew from experience that the right price would always be enough to persuade even the most trustworthy of people to have a looser mouth. Rey worked her jaw. If she and Ren were just two people in a more populated area nobody would bat an eye at a… young couple. Nothing peculiar or suspicious about a young man and woman being together. She clenched her fists, trepidation and excitement and anticipation seeping into her bones. Her voice, though, was calm and measured when she spoke. “Coruscant.” Notes: How was that for a start? Tell me your thoughts! You can also find me on tumblr Chapter 2 : II Notes: Can I just say how overwhelmed I am by the great response I got from you guys?? Your comments and kudos keep me going. You're awesome and I love you. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn was already waiting for them in the hangar when they landed. Rey’s heart soared, all thoughts about Ren momentarily wiped from her mind, as she dashed down the ramp and jumped into Finn’s arms with a laugh. He chuckled against her neck and he twirled them around, much more sure-footed now that he was used to the cybernetics in his spine. Cybernetics that Finn needed because Ren had sliced his back open. Rey’s stomach dropped just as he released her and turned his attention to Poe, his brow quirking in concern at the awkward angle Poe held his injured arm. She watched her two closest friends carefully embrace. “I thought this was only supposed to be some intel gathering?” Finn said, his dark eyes scanning Poe up and down for additional damage. “Well, the First Order decided to crash our merry get-together.” Poe grinned and slapped Finn on the shoulder with his good hand. Finn pressed his lips together grimly. “But we made it out just fine! In fact, I’m probably the worst off. Right, Rey?” “Huh? Oh! Yeah, we’re all fine.” She felt the guilt crashing into her bones again. True, everyone was safe and sound, but Poe still got hurt. A lucky shot, he had said, and slapped on a bacta patch that took care of the burn. Her insides still twisted. She had been busy trying to seduce Kylo Ren while Poe had been valiantly fighting off their enemies as they were supposed to. “Are you alright, Rey?” Finn asked as they made their way out of the hangar. Poe trailed behind them, constantly distracted by someone here and there asking about his injury. Finn pressed his hand against her arm, squeezing lightly. Rey’s lips curled into a small smile as her heart warmed at her friend’s comforting gesture. “I heard Kylo Ren was there.” She stiffened. “Yes, he was.” “Do you know what he wanted?” Finn’s voice dropped down to a low growl, worried and angry. “No.” She shook her head. Except, she knew that he wanted her the same way she wanted him. Exquisite , he had called her. Nobody had ever called her anything of the sort. Her lips still tingled with the aftershocks of the kisses they shared, her skin prickling with warmth at the memory of his touch. Heat crawled across her cheeks and she prayed to the Force that it wouldn’t make her blush in front of her friend. “I have no idea what he wanted, but I held him off.” “I wouldn’t have expected anything else.” Finn slapped her on the back, grinning brightly, and despite the turmoil within her, Rey’s spirits lifted. “Come on, the General is probably expecting you. Go debrief, then we can grab something to eat.” The next two days passed by in a daze. There had been no further word from Ren, he was waiting for her, but Rey was considering not approaching the General at all with her request to leave. She should send Ren a comm the first chance she got and tell him that their meeting on Coruscant was cancelled. She could simply tell him that she had changed her mind or that she wasn’t able to get permission to leave the base. What might happen next time they crossed their sabers? Would he simply accept her cop-out when she was the one to come on to him in the first place? Rey knew if their roles were reversed, she would feel humiliated and angry being played liked that. Finn and Poe noticed her odd behaviour, her unusual silence and jumpiness, and asked her on separate occasions if everything was really alright. If she didn’t take care of this problem now, it would drive her crazy and distract her during missions and compromise the safety of her friends. It was on the third day after Takodana that Rey finally made her decision. As soon as she woke up, earlier than usual, she took a shower, got dressed and made her way to the General’s quarters. Her hands were clammy with sweat when she knocked on Leia’s door. “Rey,” the General greeted her with a smile, the corners of her eyes crinkling. “What can I do for you?” She stepped aside and motioned for Rey to come in. “Good morning, General,” Rey said, swallowing hard. She stepped inside, her stomach knotting and twisting as Leia took a seat on the sofa. Oh Force, she was going to ask this woman for a vacation, so she could have sex with Leia’s evil son. Rey’s back was ramrod straight when she sat down as well, fiddling with her fingers in her lap. She took a deep breath. Better to get it out now than to delay the question. “I know this is unusual and maybe not the best time, but I wanted to ask you if it was possible for me to take a few days of leave.” There. She said it. The General blinked, and Rey’s breath hitched in her throat. Oh no. Could the General sense what was going on in Rey? Maybe she knew! How mortifying! Would she be punished? Would she-- “Ah, this is unexpected,” Leia said, but there was no anger or even a hint of suspicion in her gentle voice. “May I ask you why?” “I wanted to go to Coruscant. The last time I was there I didn’t have the chance to explore it much.” Rey bit her lip. It wasn’t entirely a lie. She had been to Coruscant once because of a mission, and as soon as their work was done there, they had left the planet. “I wouldn’t be gone for too long. Just a few days. It would be nice.” “I see.” Leia patted her arm. “Who are you taking with you then?” “I was planning on going on my own, actually.” Damn it. Of course, the General would be expecting that Rey was taking Finn along. Leia raised her brows and it took Rey everything not to squirm. She should have prepared her story better. “I understand, Rey.” Oh? Did she? The General leaned in then with a conspiratorial smile. Rey smiled back, nervous. “I’m not going to ask who he is. I’m just asking you to be careful,” Leia said. “You were provided with a contraceptive implant, weren’t you?” Rey opened and shut her mouth, her cheeks burning with the force of her blush. “Um, yes?” she squeaked out. The General was giving her permission. The General was also asking her to be careful. The General also knew -- how?! -- that Rey was planning to have sex once she was on Coruscant. However, the General definitely had no idea with whom Rey was planning to have sex. Leia chuckled, squeezing Rey’s hand. “It’s nothing to be embarrassed about. You have spent so many years on Jakku fighting for survival, it is okay to indulge yourself.” She rubbed the bridge of her nose with a sigh, the blue stone of her pretty ring glinting in the filtered light of the room. There was a deep sadness in her eyes, the weariness of a woman who had lived a thousand lifetimes worth of pain and hurt. “I feel like I shouldn’t be dragging you into all of this. This isn’t your fight, even if you are Force sensitive.” Rey squared her shoulders. “With all due respect, General, I Ihave made the decision to help the Resistance and to seek out Master Luke. I appreciate your concern, though.” Rey truly did. It warmed her heart to have this woman care for her. Force sensitivity notwithstanding, Rey wasn’t anyone special, just a girl who happened to stumble into the business of the Resistance when she decided to save a hapless droid. Leia was such a good woman; she felt everyone’s pain as if it were her own, and was invested in everyone’s happiness as if it were her own. Rey might not know much, but maybe this was what it was like to have a mother. She shook her head and blinked rapidly against the treacherous stinging in her eyes. “Of course, Rey. I never meant to imply otherwise, but you are so young. Sometimes I forget how young. I was raised by my parents into the world of politics. I have known nothing but the fight against the injustice of the Empire. Even after the Empire was defeated, all I knew was how to fight.” Leia stood up, her hands clasped behind her back. She walked towards the window and Rey was left staring at the back of the General’s head, the pretty braids twisting her greying hair together. “Your parents?” Rey had never asked Leia about Vader, had never dared to and didn’t think it was her place to. From what Master Luke had told her, the General had never known the man who couldn’t bear to watch his son’s pain and had sacrificed his own life to end the Emperor’s. She had only ever known the hound of the Empire. “Yes, the people who raised me,” Leia said resolutely. “Breha and Bail Organa. My father was a confidante of my biological mother, and they planted the seeds of what would later become the Rebel Alliance. Ah, but enough of that. I don’t want to bore you with old stories.” Oh, but it wouldn’t be boring at all, and perhaps it was something the General also needed to get off her chest. However, Rey didn’t think she was the best person to confide in. They came from vastly different worlds, how could she offer this woman words of advice and comfort? The General turned around, gifting Rey with another smile that wasn’t as bright as the ones from before. “Tell me how long you’d like to stay on Coruscant, Rey?” Right. That was why Rey was here in the first place. “Well, I don’t think I am going to stay that long on Coruscant, but it takes four standard days to the Core Worlds--” Leia held up her hand, silencing Rey. “Don’t worry about the hyperspace travel. Just tell me how long you would like to stay there?” Rey fidgeted. “Two days would be fine.” “Two days?” Leia snorted, shaking her head. “That’s not nearly enough for a planet like Coruscant. Take ten days and don’t worry about travel time.” Rey gasped. “But General, I can’t stay away that long.” “Yes, you can. There is plenty to explore in Galactic City alone. I hope your…companion will properly show you around.” Rey gulped, panic and anxiety unfurling in her heart. She was most definitely not going to go sightseeing with Kylo Ren! And she couldn’t afford to stay away for so long! “But what if something happens? What if the First Order strikes and I’m not there to help?!” “We will hold our own as we always do and I will immediately send for you if we require your assistance.” “But--” “Rey. It will be fine. Take your time. You deserve this.” “I…” Rey glanced down at her lap, unclenching her fingers. When had she ever had free time? When was the last time she had not been occupied with her training or a mission? Coruscant was big. Once her business with Ren was over, she could actually use that time to explore the massive planet. Simply enjoy herself. “Alright. Thank you, General.” Leia waved a hand. “Just don’t forget to bring me a souvenir.” “Don’t worry, I won’t,” Rey laughed and stood up. She might be on her way to make the biggest mistake of her life, but even the thought of Ren couldn’t dampen her excitement right now. She paused at the door. “And General? If you don’t mind, I would love to hear about your father and mother. Mothers .” Darth Vader’s shadow hung over the galaxy like a shroud. He might have found his way back to the Light, but the Dark side had still been a part of him. He had saved his son, but had committed countless atrocities along the way in the name of the Empire. Perhaps it was time to hear the stories of the people who had always fought the good fight. “I would love to tell you about them.” Leia smiled, warm brown eyes glassy. “Let’s arrange something when you’re back from your trip.” Rey nodded. “I’m looking forward to it!” “Now go. And have fun.” Leia winked, and Rey choked on her breath. It took her four standard days to reach Coruscant. Four mentally harrowing days during which she almost turned her ship around about what felt like a thousand times. Ren had insisted on taking care of their accommodations, something Rey had vehemently protested against initially. She didn’t trust him, but he had pointed out since she had chosen the planet it seemed only fair that he was given freedom to handle this part of their trip. Grudgingly, she had relented. Rey practised her lightsaber forms to distract herself, worked on building more muscle and strength, and tried meditating, even if she was entirely unfit for it. Master Luke would sigh at her jumpiness and lack of calm, but pat her on the head with affection and tell her to try to center herself. If he ever found out about what she was going to do, would he reject teaching her from thereon? There were only about two hours left before she reached Coruscant’s atmosphere. The panic set in slowly; first she was only rocking her knee up and down, but then her hands were so clammy with cold sweat that they nearly slipped off the controls. Her pulse spiked, her heart palpitating before she tried out the breathing exercises Master Luke had shown her. Inhale. Exhale. Let the Force flow through her, the light always guiding her. Now it was guiding her to sleep with her enemy? She let out a hysterical bark of laughter. That would be a tale to tell to the future generation of Jedi. She set the computer on autopilot, wincing at her stiff joints. She had been sitting there for hours, fretting and letting the anxiety invade every pore of her body. Stretching her arms above her head, she sighed before letting her shoulders slump. A shower sounded like a good idea. The refresher was small and cramped, but it was better than what she was used to. She stripped off quickly, her clothes a rumpled pile on cool grey tiles, and pulled her hair free from its bun. She stepped in front of the floor length mirror, watching her naked body with furrowed brows. Ever since she left Jakku, there had been a lot of monumental changes in her life. There was her Force sensitivity she was honing with the help of Master Luke. There was also the fight with the Resistance and her newfound small family with Poe and Finn and Jessika. She didn’t know what the General felt about her; Leia was always warm and very supportive towards anyone, it seemed, but Rey liked to think she could count the woman as a member of her new family as well, together with Master Luke and his gentle kindness. But then there had also been different kinds of changes. With regular and proper nutrition Rey felt herself getting stronger. Her period became a regular thing, another sign of her getting healthier, Doctor Kalonia had assured her. She had gained some weight; there was a slight softness along her hips and the swell of her breasts was more prominent. Bringing her hands up, she cupped them curiously, enjoying their weight and texture in her palms. They were still small, barely a handful, but now at least they were noticeable without her having to bend down and let gravity help display her diminutive curves. Her days on Jakku had been filled with constant labour in the scorching desert sun, of overheated metal leaving her palms burned and blistered, of exhaustion and of the desperate hope that her family would one day return for her. Her nights had been lonely and cold, and sometimes, when her curiosity got the better of her, they were spent in the company of her hand between her legs, but she hadn’t derived much pleasure from that. She was too weak, too tired and too hungry to properly explore her body. With the weight gain and the threat of starvation gone, her libido thrived and made her nightly explorations much more exciting and satisfying. There had been a few shy kisses she had exchanged with Finn, but things never progressed further than that as they both realized that what they felt for each other arose from deep friendship and comfort. In spite of this, Rey liked being kissed, liked feeling Finn’s full lips pressed against hers, and had wondered what it would be like if she were to kiss someone else. She stepped into the shower with a huff, closing her eyes against the stream of warm water. Kissing Ren had been entirely different; there had been no finesse, no hesitation. Maybe that was why their first two kisses had been close to disastrous. But having his pouty lips pressed against hers had ignited her desire like nothing before, heat that curled in her belly and made her throb with want. She knew the mechanics of sex, of course, had read up enough about it, and Poe tended to be particularly loose-lipped when he had drunk his favourite brand of Corellian rum. Suffice to say, Rey had heard all about the “best ways to give head”. Would Ren want her to suck his-- Rey shook her head. She washed her hair quickly, rinsing her body off before her fantasies could catch up with her. Freshly dressed in black trousers and a blue blouse she had bought on a whim because she loved the colour so much, Rey found herself back in the cockpit, marginally more relaxed. She leaned back against the seat, the bun at the top of her head bumping against the headrest. It was time. Coruscant was a large gleaming gem in the heart of the galaxy, and Rey felt as intimidated by it as the first time she had glimpsed it. The gentle stream of the Force amassed to a throbbing roar that pounded against her temples. Would she ever get used to the trillions of lifeforms that inhabited this planet? The Force flowed through everyone in the galaxy, and it was overwhelming to be feeling it so intensely, multiplied and twined together. Rey took a few deep breaths as she centered herself, straightening her back and gripping the controls of the ship. Soon, the fluttering energy became a dull pulse, and the pressure against her temples abated. Receiving clearance from the Westport Control Tower, Rey steered the ship towards Docking Bay 9372, and despite her nervousness, she proceeded to land the ship without incident. Rey turned the ship’s systems off and rose from her seat, her heart in her throat. The smell of hot duracrete and fuel permeated the air as Rey walked down the ship’s ramp stiffly. Kylo Ren was already here. She frowned and grasped the straps of her bag more tightly. People were yelling and talking and pressing forward without a care to get to their ships in time. Everything and everyone seemed to be in a hurry and Rey had never felt more out of place than she did now. It shouldn’t have been this easy to find him among such an impenetrable crowd of lifeforms, but Ren’s Force signature had become as familiar to her as her own. There was an erratic tug on his side of the Bond, a slight upheaval of his power. A dizzying current whizzed down her spine and her heartbeat echoed within her ears. She moved with the crowd, but it was the Force leading her towards Kylo Ren. She passed several ships, civilian cruisers and private freighters alike. An expanse of grey stretched in front of her, behind her, like a desert of durasteel. Massive pillars of towers and skyscrapers shot up high into the sky, their transparisteel windows shining with the light of the Deep Core. Rey squinted and trudged forward, glaring at the Togruta who pushed past her without so much as an apology. Her stomach was full of flutters and her fingers a clammy, jittery mess, her skin prickling with anxiety. She gulped. She was really going to do this. As if on cue the crowd parted and Rey stepped forward, breath catching in her throat. Kylo Ren stood there, leaning against a pole, arms crossed over his chest and looking like he really didn’t want to be here. Then, he raised his eyes from his boots towards her and the noise and clutter of the people phased into a dull whisper. She was frozen in the thrall of his stare, his smouldering gaze making her nerve endings flare with heat. It was jarring to see him without his dramatic robes, but instead in simple grey trousers and a silken red shirt, looking like any other man waiting for his someone . Right. Today they were not a Knight of Ren and a Jedi at war with each other, but a normal man and woman seeking each other’s company. Maybe she could even pretend that she wasn’t going to commit treason, because she had simply met this man at a bar or cantina and they had immediately clicked. Nevertheless, they weren’t sweethearts, he wasn’t actually a man waiting for his wife or girlfriend and he didn’t rush forward to scoop her into his arms to tell her how much he had missed her. There was a lump in her throat when she walked up to him, chin held high. His dark eyes bored into her own before he trailed them up and down her body. His Adam’s apple bobbed. Finally, without moving from his spot, he inclined his head. “Rey,” he said, and she felt her knees tremble at the timbre of his voice. His eyes flitted from left to right, brows creased with suspicion. She opened her mouth before snapping it shut audibly. Addressing him by his title was a bad idea, even if nobody was paying them any attention. Instead she nodded in the way of a greeting. “Shall we?” she asked. Wordlessly, he grabbed his own dark brown leather bag and heaved it over a stupidly broad shoulder. He quirked his brow and grunted like it was a perfect substitute for words. “So where are we going?” she asked conversationally, as if they were not on their way to have sex. They walked past a group of enthusiastic Ithorian travellers, and crossed the bridge that led to the main building of the spaceport. The crowd was thick, and their shoulders ended up brushing in spite of Rey’s attempts to keep her distance. “You’ll see.” Rey frowned up at him. “And you can’t tell me because…?” “It’s a hotel. A respectable one.” “If this is a trap--” “It is not,” he snapped. “I intend to honour our truce, even if I can’t be sure you will extend the same courtesy towards me.” “Oh please.” Rey snorted, her lips curling into a humourless smile. “You act like I’m the dangerous one here.” “You are dangerous.” Rey’s head snapped up. He was glowering straight ahead, looking distinctly displeased. “I have underestimated you once and I will not repeat that mistake. You are powerful with the Force, a formidable fighter and intelligent, yet you waste your time with--” “Shut up,” she hissed, elbowing him against his arm. She willed her stupid heart to stop fluttering at the readily given approval. He was her enemy, for Force’s sake! Any praise he bestowed upon her wasn’t something she should be embracing. He scowled down at her, sneering. “The truth of the matter is that, even though we both have no reason to trust each other, we are still here. Either we go through with this, or we both return to our respective ships and don’t speak of this again. Besides, this was your idea in the first place. I have more room to suspect that this might be a trick, a ploy you planned ahead to deliver me to the Resistance.” Rey scoffed. “Well, it’s not. We will get this over with and then, yeah, go back to fighting each other.” “Good.” “Good.” The nervous energy between them mounted until they exited the building and hailed an air taxi. The pilot shot them a bright smile which Rey returned faintly, feeling Ren’s Force signature spike with annoyance. They stored their luggage in the crossbar compartments before they took their seats in the back. “Where can I take you two?” the pilot asked, turning in his seat to look at her. “The Elite,” Ren said curtly without giving the man a glance. “And don’t dawdle.” Rey frowned and discreetly kicked Ren’s shin, suppressing a smug bubble of laughter at his offended glare. Served him right. “The Elite? Right, sorry. I’ll get you there in no time at all,” the pilot stammered, turning back to fiddle with the controls. “Please, don’t mind him,” Rey said, pointing at Ren. “He’s always grumpy.” Ren’s glare sharpened as she grinned at the confused pilot. “I’m guessing you two are on vacation then?” the pilot asked, a little guarded, after the systems roared to life and they lifted off into the skylanes of Coruscant. “None of your--” “Yes,” she cut in, kicking Ren again before he could say anything else. He growled under his breath. Rey raised her nose and turned away from him with a huff, which morphed into a squeak when Ren stomped on her boot. His amusement hummed through the Bond. Why was she attracted to this man again? Rey gritted her teeth, her attention back on the pilot, and said pointedly, “But we won’t be staying for too long.” Ignoring Ren, much to his increasing irritation, she spent the rest of the trip chit-chatting with their pilot, Zaimur. Born and raised on Coruscant, he had never been off-world, but was saving up money to take his boyfriend to Spira. His crystal blue eyes lit up when he talked about his partner, his cheeks dimpling with his smile. But then the twinkle in his gaze dimmed when he talked about how he wished he were better with numbers. “My cousin was pretty good at math,” he said. “He was going to become an accountant, but then he joined a cult. The Acolytes of the Beyond or something? Or so my aunt keeps telling me. Nobody really knows what happened. I’m pretty sure he just gambled away all of his tuition credits. He always liked playing pazaak a little too much.” Ren scowled deeply, and Rey was saved from having to reply to these kind of odd revelations when Zaimur announced that they had arrived. Before Rey could say anything about it, Ren thrust his credit chip towards the pilot without ceremony. Rey waved and bid the befuddled pilot a bright goodbye before she went on to get their luggage from the compartments as Ren handled the payment. She barely noticed the air taxi leaving and Ren taking his own bag from her hands because Rey’s eyes were transfixed by what looked like two towers of diamonds shooting up into the sky, connected by several skybridges in between, catching the light in a way that made the buildings dazzle. Just how much did it cost to spend a night here? It was like looking up at suspended water droplets. The ceiling of the turbolift was encased in drapings of small clear crystals and it was beautiful, something she wished she could appreciate more, but… “The honeymoon suite?” she asked, disbelief colouring every word and syllable after several minutes of static silence and uneasy fidgeting from the both of them. Ren tensed up next to her, his fists clenched at his sides. “It’s a respectable establishment,” he stated. Rey exhaled sharply through her nose. “You booked us the honeymoon suite.” It had been quite the ordeal to go from awestruck at the gorgeous design of the lobby to utter astonishment when the beautiful orange-skinned Twi’lek behind the reception counter had looked up from her datapad to announce that the honeymoon suite was ready for them. Rey had tried to speak up, tried to say that there had to be a mistake of some sort, but she had only managed to let out a strangled string of unintelligent half-thoughts before a flustered Ren was dragging her ahead towards the turbolift. Ren remained silent and it occurred to her that he might not have an answer for his actions either. When she had relented and let him handle their sleeping arrangements, she hadn’t been expecting this. A hotel in the upper levels of Coruscant, an entire suite to themselves. A honeymoon suite at that. A small inn without all this luxury would have sufficed; all they needed was privacy and a bed, yet he went out of his way to arrange all of this. A heavy knot of trepidation settled deep in her belly when the turbolift came to a halt and they were ushered outside by a service droid. Rey wished she still had her bag, just so she could keep her hands occupied with something, but it had been taken from her in the lobby and was probably already in the suite. The Force buzzed around them and she was overcome with the debilitating thought that this was really happening . Weak-kneed and anxious and excited all at once, Rey watched dazedly as Ren punched in the code to their room. She could almost ignore the frantic hammering of her heart, could almost ignore her clammy palms as she rubbed them against the rough fabric of her trousers. She let out a gasp and pushed past Ren, whose spine straightened into a stiff line. The floor was a pristine shade of off-white and she felt a little self-conscious about sullying it with her worn boots, but her curiosity won out. Wide-eyed, Rey barely managed to keep her mouth shut at the space that stretched out in front of her, illuminated by the light that filtered through the clari-crystalline of floor-to-ceiling windows that made up the walls of the room. A sitting area with a light beige, long couch curving around a low table took up most of the room. To her right were a small dining area and a kitchen. Lightheaded, Rey stalked forward towards the windows, ignoring the closed door to her right she assumed led to the bedroom. Instead, she pressed her hand against the vitreous door that opened up to reveal a vast balcony with lounge chairs and a small pool of sparkling blue water that seemed to unfold infinitely beyond the edge of the balcony. Her breath caught in her throat at the marvellous view of a gleaming Galactic City. All of this, just for one night? She shook her head and stepped back inside. “Ren? What is this?” Rey asked, shutting the door behind her. He cocked his head to the side. “What do you mean?” “This.” Rey gestured around her, scrunching up her nose. “Isn’t this a little excessive? What were you thinking?” It was beautiful. In fact, beautiful seemed wholly inadequate to describe the suite. How many credits had he spent on this? “You don’t like it?” He clenched his fists, eyes averted to the floor, and in that moment he looked more like an overgrown boy than a man. “I shouldn’t be surprised, considering you were willing to do this in a dirty forest.” “This isn’t about whether I like it or not,” she said testily, frowning. “Because this place is…wonderful, but isn’t it too much?” His head shot up, dark eyes wild and frantic, and Rey felt her nerves ignite with the force of his stare. “I will not bed you somewhere that is less than adequate.” She blinked, something warm and hazy unfurling in her chest. “And this place is what you consider adequate?” “Yes.” He wanted to make this special? Is that what he was trying to say? Is that why he brought her to the rooms that were reserved for newlyweds? She swallowed hard. She couldn’t let this get to her head. He wasn’t doing this for her. Hadn’t he grown up knowing nothing but the best, sleeping on featherbeds and silks? Of course he wouldn’t be satisfied with a simple room in a simple inn. “Okay,” she breathed, squaring her shoulders before she walked up to him. She placed her hands on her hips. “Okay, let’s get this over with, then.” Ren’s big brown eyes looked too wide and too innocent for a man that had committed countless atrocities, his head tilted in an odd, endearing expression of confusion. He made no move to bridge the gap between them, no haughty attempt to show her how much of a better kisser he was than her. Nervous. He was nervous. “You’ve done this before?” she asked, shifting in place. His wide-eyed surprise was enough of an answer. Rey let out the breath she had been holding in her lungs, her shoulders sagging with something like relief. “Neither have I,” she whispered, the revelation coming easy. She took a step forward as her fingers, jittery and clumsy with nervousness, went to fumble with the buttons of her blouse. “But we’ll figure it out. Together.” The uncertainty in Ren’s eyes solidified into something else entirely and he was standing taller, the heat of his desire so tangible that she could taste it on the tip of her tongue. She bit her lip. The bond sizzled with their shared anticipation, the awkwardness fading into a faint sensation in the back of their minds. They had the whole night together to work this out, to take their time with each other, to explore and to kiss. Her body thrummed with want, her stomach fluttering. “Together,” he said thickly. Rey nodded, lips twitching into a small smile. She popped the first button open. Notes: Psst check out this graphic I made for the story. It was the first time I tried my hand at something like this and it was more time consuming than I expected, but it was also a lot of fun. Chapter 3 : III Summary: The Smut. Notes: You guys are honestly the best. Your kudos and lovely comments keep me young. Thank you so much. And now it's time for what you've all been waiting for. Enjoy~~~ (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Gone was the frantic simmering energy in the forest that had pulled their bodies together. Rey found her eagerness no less potent, but her fingers were being uncooperative and unbuttoning her blouse took her longer than it usually would have. Without taking her eyes off his, Rey raised her chin, a haughty jut that displayed far more confidence than she felt. She could see Ren’s Adam’s apple bob, her heart hammering against her ribs as she undid the last button and pushed the blue fabric off her shoulders with a sharp inhale. It pooled against her ankles on the floor, leaving her only in her flimsy breastband and her trousers. Rey’s skin erupted into goose bumps. He took a breath that shook his entire frame. His eyes flitted from the elegant arch of her throat, to the dip between her collarbones, to the delicate swell of her breasts, the gentle curve of her waist, and the taut muscles of her stomach. She squared her shoulders, willing her breathing to remain steady and calm, even when his gaze was searing right into her skin. “Now you,” she rasped, nodding towards him. She would not undress in front of him completely unless they did it together, refused to bare herself like this, make herself vulnerable while he stood there and stared, stupefied. “Right.” He heaved his shirt over his head in one jerky motion. His dark curls caught in the fabric, tousling his perfect coif into an attractive disarray. Her breath hitched in her throat at the hard sinewy muscle that was presented to her. Of course he'd be of strong build, it didn't-- it shouldn't surprise her. The muscles in his arms bulged, a nerve in his neck jumped as she took a step towards him, entranced. His entire body was an odd amalgamation of contradictions: impossibly soft eyes and a boyish face that seemed more befitting of a lean, lanky build instead of his broad frame with hard solid muscle honed in battle. The marks she had left on him stood in stark contrast with his pale skin, red and angry. A cold shiver ran down her spine at the ugly scar from Chewie’s bowcaster at his side. Her friend’s devastated howl rang in her mind, the image of the vibrant red plasma piercing Han Solo through the chest forever ingrained behind her eyelids. It was almost too easy to forget that he was her enemy within the intimacy of this room, almost buried beneath the force of her desire. Ren shifted in place, awkward and self-conscious, and she couldn’t quite grasp how this was the same man who had so aggressively hunted her and Finn on Starkiller. Now he seemed almost…shy. She pressed her lips together tightly and willed those thoughts away. He wasn’t her enemy tonight. Well, he still was...but… He took a few steps forward, startling her out of her musings. His eyes were a warm shade of brown when he raised a large hand to cup her cheek. His fingers, rough and calloused from years of combat, splayed over her soft skin. In that moment, she might as well have been the center of the galaxy. “Rey.” Heart clenching with anticipation, she raised herself to her tiptoes, eyes fluttering shut, just as he dipped his head towards her. Entire galaxies exploded behind her eyelids when his lips finally brushed against hers in a frustratingly gentle caress as his other hand settled on her lower back. His nose pressed awkwardly against hers, making him grunt before he angled his head to the side, slow and unhurried. Ren sighed and Rey snorted against his lips. She ran her hands up his chest when they pulled apart, tamping down on the urge to push him onto the couch and have her wicked way with him. It felt wrong to rush it, wanting to get it over with as if it were a chore. She was going to enjoy this. The pads of her fingers forged a trail up to his neck, making him tremble before she wrapped her arms around him. He pulled her flush against him, their mutual desire ricocheting back and forth within the crackling Bond. Ren’s hand travelled up her bare spine, making her arch up against him and bite back a gasp as his fingers played shyly with the fabric of her breastband. He didn’t linger there though, instead pulling at the tie that held her hair together in a bun Rey sighed, closing her eyes. His long, thick fingers raked through her hair, letting her locks tumble down her shoulders. He cradled her jaw, the pad of his thumb rough yet warm and tender across her cheekbone. Her breath caught in her throat when she opened her eyes, surrendering herself to the thrill incited by his stare. She brought their mouths together again, parting her lips with a soft sigh and sinking against his tentative embrace. Her tongue darted out to brush against the seam of his mouth, and he tensed a little before his own tongue met hers in a languid brush. They were clumsy and unpractised, but Rey couldn’t remember something that felt as wonderful and glorious as this. Why had she ever shied away from touching like this? Always wary, always leery of the people at Base who expressed more than a fleeting interest in her, because Rey had learned the hard way that kindness was the most effective mask a person could wear. How could she give herself to someone if their own faces could very well be their masks? She broke the kiss with a sigh, staring into his glazed eyes. There was no deception to fear if someone had been wearing a mask since the beginning. She knew who Ren was, knew what to expect. He tilted his head to the side, tousled dark hair falling over his right eye. Something shifted in his gaze as if he could sense her inner turmoil. “Are you…is this…are you not comfortable?” he asked, his voice deeper than usual, a rich and husky timbre that danced pleasantly along her nerve endings. Rey tamped down on the trepidation that spilled into her veins and buried her face against his neck. His pulse was a frantic beat against her cheek as she traced the shape of his jawline, stopping to whisper against his ear. “I’m good.” She gulped as she felt him shudder against her, felt him hard and solid pressed against her belly. “Let’s, um, let’s go to the bedroom,” she said, unable to stop herself from grinding against his erection. Their progress from the sitting area to the bedroom was a slow one. She couldn’t stop touching him, couldn’t help but marvel at the expanse of his back, the moles on his pale flesh, and his absurdly soft lips as he nipped at her neck. Heat swamped her skin, her nerves, her limbs; it made her feverish, made her cling to him and drag her nails down his arms. His eyes were a blazing inferno, nearly unbearable in their intensity, but Rey couldn’t get enough of his stare, her core throbbing and clenching with need. She mewled as he palmed her rear and lifted her feet from the ground, and somehow he managed to walk them both towards the bedroom without tripping. Rey toed off her boots and socks first thing after he set her down, the lush white carpet soft beneath the soles of her feet. The bed on the far end of the room, decked in numerous pillows in shades of honeyed white, of warm light browns, and an ochre, silken sheet beckoned her. Yet she couldn’t move, her lungs overstuffed with air. This was real. This was happening. And she wanted this. Wanted him. This was no daydream, no careless thought, no inconsequential what if . The door behind him slid shut on its own, startling him. It was somewhat comforting to know that his nerves were as frazzled as hers, that he was as new to this as she was. “I want to see you,” she said, gathering her courage. She motioned towards his trousers and boots. He sucked in a jittery breath. There was something methodical about his movements as he undressed, quick and efficient, only the trembling of his hands betraying his nervousness. She watched him with rapt attention as he dropped his pants to the floor, kicking them off. Self-consciousness oozed out of him in ripples, but he refused to break their eye contact, refused to cave in to his reticence, and discarded his underwear. All the air whooshed out of her lungs. Her mouth ran dry. She had no one to compare him to, but he looked so big . She rubbed her thighs together, the heat between her legs unbearable.The thought of fitting him inside of her should scare her a little, and perhaps it was a little daunting, but her body just thrummed with want and anticipation. She couldn’t wait to have him, to feel him thrust and move, to have him cry out with her, because of her. A warm fluttery sensation spread in her stomach as she stepped up to him and splayed her fingers over his chest, right above his heart. The frantic rhythm matching her own heartbeat. Her hand slid down his sternum and over his abdomen, delighting her with the way his muscles contracted under her touch. Ren gasped when she grazed a sensitive spot below the dip of his hip bone, not brave enough yet to reach lower. He observed her with delirious fervour, his hands clenched into fists at his sides, letting her drink him in in his nakedness and vulnerability. A spark of arousal shot up her spine. She had this powerful man at her mercy. She couldn’t fathom why he was being so compliant, so patient, when she could feel the Force quake around him with his restrained passion. Letting her palm slide lazily over the scar at his side, she walked around his body, stopping when she was facing his back. Her blood pounded hotly within her veins. Moles were scattered over his skin like the constellations of stars in the night sky, his skin firm with defined muscle. She placed both of her hands against his shoulder blades and pressed her lips softly between them, his tall frame quivering in response. Her name was a velvety whisper on his lips, the quietest of sighs that had her heart hammering furiously. Rey found herself trembling with him as she moved her palms down his skin, admiring what the smallest of touches could do to him. How he jerked when she smoothed her finger down the slope of his spine, how he breathed in harshly through his nose when she dragged her nails against his flesh, or the way he grunted when she dipped her thumbs into the dimples at his tailbone, before she clutched his hips. She was insatiable, couldn’t get enough of his body and she had barely touched him. How was she going to deal with having his hands on her eventually, tracing her modest curves? Would he still be gentle when she was naked as well? Or would he perhaps be a little rougher? How would he want her? On her back? On her knees in front of him? Or would he let her ride him, pliant beneath her? She didn’t know what she would prefer either. Maybe they could try out everything? Dragging her nails down his hips, she unabashedly reached for his rear. Ren let out a strangled groan as she marveled at how firm it was. She smiled and wrapped her arms around his waist, squashing her front against his back, her fingers curling against the ridges of his abdomen. His deep breaths rattled his chest, his heartbeat a constant roar that reverberated within the Bond. A power unlike any she had ever felt before pulsed in her veins, filling her with confidence and pride at having a man react to her so intensely, having him at her disposal like that with the tiniest effort. Her playful fingers danced down his navel, and the sound of her name wrapped in his deep gravelly voice made her toes curl against the carpet. Lower and lower her hand went, and for the first time she cursed his considerable height because she couldn’t see over his shoulder what it looked like when she wrapped her hand around his cock. “Rey,” he gasped, thrusting into her hand. He was hard and smooth and warmer than the rest of his body. He pulsed within her grip as she stroked him up and down, relishing his soft moans, and decided to reward him for them. She tightened her grip and pressed open-mouthed kisses against the back of his neck. Heat fizzed from her belly to her core when she thumbed the ridge just below his head, making him twitch before he froze. “Mmm, wait.” His fingers stilled her hand, his thumb rubbing circles against the inside of her wrist. “What is it?” she asked, squirming, clenching and unclenching her thighs. “What--” his voice wavered, breaking into a higher pitch, before he cleared his throat. “What about you?” Rey raised her head from the crook of his neck and placed a kiss onto the curve of his shoulder. “Hmm?” Gently, he pried her arms off his frame and turned around. Hooking his finger into the space between her breastband and chest, he tugged at the fabric with a wicked gleam in his eyes. “You’re still dressed,” he murmured, sweeping his heavy-lidded gaze all over her body. “It doesn’t seem entirely fair.” “Oh?” Rey raised an eyebrow and tried for a sultry smirk in an attempt to ignore the stutter of her heart. She clasped her hands together at the base of his neck and pulled him down into a hard kiss. Slowly, they gravitated towards the bed while trading the kiss back and forth, their hands groping and roaming everywhere. He groaned against her skin when she brazenly dragged her hand down to fondle his ass. They pulled apart with a shared gasp, lips red and swollen, their eyes mirroring the same eagerness. She traced the scar she had left on his shoulder with a finger before she gently nudged him to sit on the bed. Ren leaned back on the silky sheet, bracing himself on his elbows as he waited for her with bated breath. Her blood buzzed with a nervous energy that made her fingers tremble when she reached to undo her trousers, her movements slow and hesitant. At the same time Ren’s dark, searing stare bolstered her confidence, her pride, at the blatant want he exuded for her. Rey, the scavenger from a backwater planet like Jakku, a no one, yet he regarded her with reverence and awe. She didn’t feel like no one here, in this bedroom, under the force of his gaze, she felt like she was everything . Her trousers came off without preamble as Ren’s eyes darkened with the creamy expanse of her legs revealed to him. Between the amount of fabric and her ungainly hands, usually so deft and clever, the breastband took annoyingly long to unwrap. But he waited, patient and watchful, eyes darkening with each new exposed sliver of skin. Her nipples were already hard and sensitive against the rough cloth as it loosened around her chest until her breasts were free, and she let the fabric slither down between her fingers. His sharp intake of breath raised goosebumps on her arms. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her underwear and shimmied out of them. Rey shuddered as she tried to stand tall in her nudity, vulnerable and exposed in a way she had never been before, unable to shake off the apprehension of being sized up by his eyes. Never did she have to worry about her body being pretty or beautiful, didn’t have to care whether her skin was smooth enough, or whether her breasts were too small, or her frame too thin or too tall. Her body was the only thing she had free command over, and that was that. Now, however, she couldn’t help but wonder if Ren might find her lacking, even if he was drinking her in like a man suffering through a drought. “ Force, ” he breathed, his nails digging into the sheet below, his pupils blown wide with desire. “You’re beautiful.” Rey’s lips parted with a gasp. Her mind lurched with a short wave of bashfulness, before she was preening under his enraptured gaze. She didn’t think she would ever tire of being on the receiving end of this look. Smiling, Rey stepped up towards him and settled her knees on either side of his hips, her blood singing with lust. Ren cupped her cheeks with both of his hands, an expression of absolute wonder on his face as if he couldn’t quite believe that this was indeed happening. Their lips crashed together, all teeth and tongue and passion as her hands desperately latched onto his hair, her hips grinding against his lap. “Touch me,” she moaned, angling her hips to press against the underside of his cock with frenzied movements. He hissed against her cheek, breathed out her name before his hands slid down her neck to cup her breasts. It was ridiculous how big his hands were, how they engulfed her soft flesh. She arched her back, sighing at the sensation of his thumbs dragging over her sensitive nipples. Her fingers raked through his hair, slid down his neck before taking his chin in her hands to bring their mouths together for another kiss. It was messy and heady, and she accidentally sucked his tongue into her mouth. Rey didn’t think it was even possible for her skin to feel hotter than it already did, but each caress of his, each filthy grind against his shaft had her mind reeling. Her brain was an addled, foggy mess, and the only thing that registered within was the acute sensation of his touch. There was no room to doubt this, no room to worry about what they were going to do once the act was over and done. Ren let out a growl as he squeezed her breasts together, eliciting a gasp from her, her hips jerking. He let his lips linger against her collarbone for a moment, his long, pretty eyelashes fluttering against her sweltering skin, and then trailed further down. He kissed the swell of her breast, his tongue darting out to taste her, but refusing to touch her nipple. She mewled, frustrated and annoyed with his teasing, but instead of taking the hint, she felt his mouth curve into a smirk just against her tit. Bastard . He pulled away from her chest, the corners of his eyes crinkling with the faint devilish smile playing on his lips. It was barely there, yet it was enough to make her weak in the knees and her heart flutter like in those holo-novels she had taken a liking to thanks to Jessika. She dragged his head back by the hair at the base of his neck and stared down at him with what she hoped was properly conveyed anger. His smirk only widened and that just wouldn’t do. She huffed and before he could say anything stupid, she was kissing the smugness out of him. He gripped her hips as she lightly bit down on his bottom lip and continued to drag her mouth further down his enticing skin. She kissed the mole at the corner of his jaw, and then returned briefly to his mouth, only to move further up to turn her attention to the scar that bisected his face. A chaste kiss to his forehead had him bucking up needily between her legs, her thighs quivering in response. She wanted nothing more than to have him buried inside of her, but she also wanted to take the time to explore his body and herself properly. She wanted to do everything . “I, hmm, want to try something.” Her words were muffled by the kisses she trailed down his scar. “What would that be?” he asked, turning his head to the side just as her lips reached his cheek. He kissed her leisurely, unhurried, unlike their desperate groping from before. She lazily stroked his tongue with hers before she pulled away, not quite able to meet his eyes. “I would like to, um--” she began, cringing at the way her voice broke into a squeak, her cheeks burning with her embarrassment. His large hand smoothed down the curve of her spine soothingly, calming her just a little. She cleared her throat, absently trailing her finger over the scar on his shoulder as she tried to tamp down her nervousness. “I want to… putmymouthonyou. ” Ren’s entire frame went rigid and Rey closed her eyes in resignation. “It’s alright if you don’t want--” “Do it.” “Huh?” She pulled her face out of the crook of his neck to stare at him. She hadn’t misheard, had she? His eyes were wide and apprehensive. He tightened his hold around her waist, breathing heavily, and pressed their chests together. It was a sensation Rey hadn’t been able to particularly savour previously. “You can do it. I mean, put your mouth on me.” His fingers drew patterns at the small of her back, his eyebrows pulling together. “I did not misunderstand your intent, did I?” The slow dawning of misplaced horror on his face finally made Rey perk up from her stupor. She shook her head and kissed him soundly on the mouth. “No, you didn’t,” she said breathily, unable to believe what was going to happen. Her teeth buried in her bottom lip, her eyes shining with glee as they sluggishly manoeuvred themselves to the centre of the bed. She was twitchy with anticipation, couldn’t wait to take him into her mouth, but he kept touching her, entirely distracted by her breasts. His incessant pinching and groping in return distracted her as she could only marvel and sigh at his attentions, before she gingerly pried his hands off her chest. Ren leaned against the array of soft pillows arranged at the headboard. She smirked down at him. It was her turn to play with him now. Rey entwined their hands and put them on either side of his head before she leaned down to peck him on the lips. She released his hands once her mouth roamed over the column of his neck, her palms sliding down the length of his arms. He swallowed thickly when she sucked on his pulse point. She could spend ages littering his neck with hickeys, marking him in ways that did not involve a lightsaber, but Rey was on a mission. The moan he let out when she latched onto his nipple went straight between her legs, and she didn’t think she had ever been this wet before. Never had she felt this desperate to plunge her finger into her tight heat. The tension was too much, stirring and making her blood boil until it felt like she was going to combust. But she wanted more . She wanted to hear more from him. Wanted his gravelly voice to moan for her, to beg her. Impatient and restless, Rey kissed the moles that dotted his chest and laved at the muscles of his abdomen. Her tongue trailed down the firm contours and dipped into this navel, going lower and lower before she made herself comfortable between his spread legs. He was such a wonderful sight to behold with his dazed eyes and his skin proudly sporting her marks, red and purple along his neck and chest. She bit her lip and swallowed thickly, stroking his thighs. Her nerves buzzed with excitement when she glanced down at his cock. She had done her research, she knew how to approach this…sort of, but what if she wasn’t good enough? What if she did something wrong? He was so big, too! How was she supposed to make him fit into her mouth? But Rey was nothing if not a quick learner and she had never backed down from a challenge before. And she wasn’t the only one who was nervous about this. His self-consciousness at her scrutiny flared over the Bond. Rey patted his knee in what she hoped was a reassuring gesture, before her hand wandered towards his shaft. Its silken texture fascinated her; it was so smooth and hard, her small, calloused hand easily sliding up and down with his slickness. Ren sucked in a harsh breath and released it as a low, husky groan that shot straight to her core. His breath hitched when she changed the splay of her fingers, and when her thumb slid against his head he became only more vocal in his pleasure. It took Rey all of her willpower not to reach between her legs and stroke herself into an early orgasm. There would be time for that later. She was on a mission. Licking her lips, Rey bent over his cock, pushing her hair behind her ear. She held his gaze because she wanted him to see this, to watch her with awe shimmering in his eyes as she pleasured him with her mouth. His fingers curled into the sheet below. The Bond buzzed with anticipation and hunger and nervousness alike, and she couldn’t tell what was his and what was hers. Rey darted out her tongue and gave his head a tentative lick. Ren groaned, his hips snapping up the slightest bit as Rey licked him from base to tip, made sure to make him wet and slick enough for her. His jaw was taut with tension when Rey engulfed him into her hot mouth. There was no way she would be able to get him inside her mouth fully without her doing something embarrassing like gagging around him from the intrusion, and Rey was not tempted to try how far she could take it before that happened. She breathed through her nose and relaxed her jaw, and even as her hair annoyingly spilled over her shoulders, Rey didn’t stop. The noises he made spurned her on; deep groans and grunts, the reverent sigh of her name, his harsh panting when she found a particularly sensitive spot with the tip of her tongue. The sounds that escaped her throat were obscene , but she couldn’t find it in herself to care much, not when Ren threw his head back in pleasure, not when his hips trembled with his restraint not to gracelessly buck into her mouth. Careful to keep her teeth away from his flesh, she dragged her mouth up, releasing his shaft with a wet filthy moan that made him whimper. She smiled to herself, pressing her thighs together. Instead of taking him back into her mouth again, she dragged her tongue up the side of his dick, peppered him with kisses that had him begging for more and made Rey’s skin flare with heat. Curiously, she stroked him up and down again before taking him back into her mouth once more, sucking and stroking him at a languid pace. Ragged moans tumbled out of his mouth, but it wasn’t enough; she wanted-- needed to hear more. Her tongue brushed against the familiar ridge that had made him jolt before. Her lips curled into a smile when he jerked up with a shout. Ren’s hand settled on her head and Rey froze for the briefest moment. Was he going to push her further down his cock? Anxiety bubbled in her stomach, but then his fingers gently gathered her errant locks into his fist, to keep them out of her face. Her insides melted at the sweetness of the gesture. She hummed around his shaft, suckling on him more eagerly than before, her head bobbing up and down as he grunted her name. She felt him twitch, could feel him-- “Rey, Rey, I’m--” She looked up, taking in his face twisted in bliss, his eyes tiny slivers as he lightly pulled her hair, but Rey was prepared, and didn’t let go when he hit his release and emptied himself inside her mouth. Ren’s chest was heaving, the rapture of his orgasm etched onto his face as he watched her, spent and amazed. His eyes nearly bulged out of his head when she swallowed all of it down. “It’s bitter,” she stated stupidly, scrunching up her nose. “You didn’t have to do that,” he grumbled, throwing his arm over his blazing face. “I wanted to.” She crawled forward to lie on her side next to him, cringing at her petulant voice. The small puff of his laughter was certainly unexpected, but the stupid fluttery sensation in her stomach that seemed to be a permanent fixture around him wasn't. Rey squirmed. He raised his arm and turned to face her, his lips breaking into a big dumb boyish grin that had Rey’s feeble heart palpitating. What was he doing to her? He looked so young, nothing like the killer he was. His strong arm wrapped around her waist as he pulled her close, kissing her softly. “And you have never done this before?” He raised an eyebrow, his breath ghosting over her cheek. Rey shuddered. “I hadn’t. Why?” With a sudden twist of his torso he rolled on top of her, eliciting a mortifying yelp from her. She glared up at him, feeling small beneath him, but found that she didn’t mind the feeling, not with how he was grinning down at her, features chipper and devoid of any darkness. Rey made a face. Maybe Ren wouldn’t always be so dour if he had just gotten his dick blown sooner. “You are very good at it,” he said cheekily, brushing her hair out of her face in a gesture that felt far too intimate even after everything they had done already. Rey resisted the urge to fidget; it wouldn’t do to cut this short before they finished their business. “Well.” She craned her head to give him access to her neck. He didn’t waste any time and kissed up the curve of her shoulder before licking up her throat. “I did some research,” she said breathlessly, sighing at the sensation of his teeth against her flushed skin. “Oh?” He perked up, head rising to meet her gaze again. “What did that research entail?” “You know--” her eyes slid shut when he nipped at a particularly sensitive spot just below her earlobe, before he trailed his tongue up the shell of her ear. “Mmmy friends…told me stuff . And the holos-- oh! ” He released the patch of skin he was worrying between his teeth. “I didn’t think you’d be the type to watch holo-porn.” He sounded positively delighted at the prospect. She scowled up at him and lightly whacked his arm. “They were educational!” “Of course.” She whacked him again, making him snort. “I think you talk too much.” He just smirked, slanting his mouth against hers in a lazy caress, but pulled away far too quickly. She let out a pitiful whine, but his lips on her neck instead were a fair exchange. He didn’t stop there and trailed little bites and kisses down her skin, before he took a nipple into his mouth. Rey arched her back with a gasp as he ran his hand over her other breast, his touch curious and inquisitive. Her nails dragged down the plane of his back, her fingertips bumping against the puckered texture of his scars. Her lips parted with a helpless moan as he savoured her skin, laved at the dip in her collarbone before he rolled his tongue against her other nipple. She hadn’t expected this. Kylo Ren, a meticulous lover. This whole ordeal wasn’t exactly going according to the expectations she had set. She had meant for this to be over quickly, because she didn’t trust him enough to spend a longer time around him than necessary, but now…having him worship her body like this, having him kiss down her chest, his fingers brushing against the curve of her waist, Rey would indulge herself. Only tonight. He ran his hands up her thighs while he nuzzled the inside of her knee, his soft hair tickling her skin. Rey gritted her teeth, clenching her eyes shut for a moment. Her fingers twitched with the urge to drag him down between her legs by his hair; the heat was unbearable and he only stoked the flame of her pleasure deeper within her belly, burning her from the inside out. He, however, had been so patient for her, had let her explore and touch him to her heart’s content, and it was only fair that she let him do the same. Her chest heaved when his mouth moved, wet and languid in its advance on her thigh. So frustratingly slow and gentle, his bites barely grazed her skin, making her squirm with impatience. And just when she thought his tongue would finally, finally go where she wanted it the most, he turned his attention to her other thigh. Rey groaned, irked, as her own hand moved between her legs. She got one good rub in before he took her wrist, his eyes flashing. She moaned at the loss, but the wicked gleam in his gaze was full of unspoken promises that made her breath stutter in her lungs. “So impatient.” He brought her hand against his mouth, his lush lips pressing against her hammering pulse, peppering kisses over the blue of her veins as his pretty eyelashes fluttered against her skin. He kissed the tips of her fingers next before he bestowed a final kiss inside her palm. How could such a simple gesture be so sweet and arousing at once, and ignite her body all over again? Her mind was still reeling when she laid her hand against his cheek to cradle his face. A strange current passed between them. Whether it was the Bond or something else entirely, she didn't know, but it made her insides knot regardless. Rey wanted to look away, but his intense, heavy-lidded gaze captured all of her attention. He stared down at her with an expression she could only describe as adoration. A faint tendril of discomfort churned in her chest. An emotion like that had no place on his face, aimed at her no less. She was about to…she didn’t know what she was about to do, just something-- anything to make him stop staring at her like that, but then his hand was moving again. Rey let out a sigh of relief only for it to turn into a sharp gasp when his finger carefully brushed against her wet folds, making her hips arch up. Ren stroked her slowly, fumbling as he gauged her reactions. He was such an odd man. Never showing any qualms for cutting down his enemies, he treated her body with utmost caution and gentleness in the sanctity of this room. Rey gasped. “Does it--” he cleared his throat. “Do you feel good?” She licked her lips. “I’m…yes. But you can--” she rose to her elbows and reached between her legs to take his hand. “Like this,” she said and guided his finger against her soaked opening. “Like this?” he asked thickly, grunting as he gently eased a finger inside, as if the action pleased him as much as her. Her lips parted with a mewl. “ Yessss .” He grinned crookedly before he kissed her, cupping the back of her head with his unoccupied hand. The path of his lips led down her throat, over her chest, his hand squeezing a breast, and down her stomach. Her thighs were quivering with anticipation, her breathing flat and short, as she slowly lay down against the pillows and dug her nails into the sheets. The tips of his dark hair tickled her overwrought skin, his tongue a hot brand as he comfortably nestled between her thighs. She spread them apart just as his finger stilled. There was a fire within her lungs, a pressure that begged to be released . He spread her with his thumbs, catching her heady gaze before giving her slit a languid lick that made her throw her head back with a pitiful whine. His mouth was made for this, she thought, and closed her eyes with a soft sigh. Cushioned by soft silk and downy pillows, Rey dug her heels into the curve of his back as he lapped at her with wide strokes of his tongue. She had thought it odd that people would ever enjoy an act like this. How could anyone be comfortable in this state, spread wide open and on full display. Her curiosity was unquenchable, and, Force , she would let it happily overrule her scepticism over and over again if Ren continued to make her feel like she was flying into another plane of existence with his mouth. Sparks danced along her spine, her back arching off the mattress. There was a fire within her and the sensation of his mouth, of his touch, made the flames soar higher and higher, spreading over her skin, through her veins, to the tips of her fingers and toes. “ Oh! ” Her eyes shot open, her hand burying in his thick hair. “Right there, yes.” She felt his mouth curl into a smile before he teased her clit with the tip of his tongue again, coaxing her voice into high-pitched moans. For a moment she worried she was being too loud, that other guests could hear her keening cries, but then he slid a finger inside her again, and Rey really didn’t care about any other guests. Not when he finally found a steady rhythm with his fingers, his initial clumsiness making way for a fluid grace that had her pulse spiking and her vision blanking. A bead of sweat rolled down her temple. The heat within her coiled tighter and tighter, leaving her a gasping, twitching mess. He lapped at her only more eagerly, finding something within her as he curled his fingers, brushing and stroking relentlessly until her orgasm engulfed her wanton body in flashes and seared through her veins. Rey moaned loudly, her head digging into the pillow beneath as her spine curved with the force of her climax. She practically melted into the bed, weak and spent, her limbs still tingling when he let go of her legs. She opened her eyes--when had she even closed them?--only to see him wipe his mouth, obnoxiously smug and proud. Rey accepted his greedy kiss, groaning at the unfamiliar taste of herself on his tongue. He lay down next to her and wrapped an arm around her, pulling her towards his chest. Ren drew random patterns onto the sweaty skin of her lower back as Rey waited for her pounding heart to calm down and her breathing to return to normal. Closing her eyes, she breathed in his musky scent, tried to gather her scattered wits because Kylo Ren was cuddling her, and this was not the plan at all. Why was he so intent on being so sweet and gentle and considerate when his very nature was so cruel and full of hate? How could this man who held her so…so…lovingly be the same man who had speared his own father with that wretched, sputtering lightsaber? Who had sliced Finn’s spine nearly in half? Rey’s blood froze when Ren pressed a kiss against her forehead and urgh , why was he doing this? “Are you alright?” he asked, voice a deep rumble that might have soothed her frayed nerves if he had been a normal man and not her mortal enemy. “You seem a bit--” “I’m fine,” she cut in, finally looking into his eyes as she inwardly cursed this stupid bond that projected her feelings all over the place whenever they were this close. She didn’t need his concern, regardless of how genuine it was. What did it matter now when they would be back to trying to kill each other in a few days? She ran her hand down his chest, biting her lip at his shivering frame. Yes, she could handle this, the physical reactions. Taking a hold of his shaft, she made him hard and solid again with just a few strokes. “Let’s do this.” Maybe it wasn’t the most elegant way to phrase it, but his uncontained rumbling laughter was completely unnecessary. She would have appreciated the unfamiliar sound of it more if she wasn’t so embarrassed, and opted to glare at him instead when he rolled over to hover above her on his hands and knees. “What? You still want this, don’t you?” “Yes,” he said resolutely, the humour draining out of him. He caressed her cheek, eyes wide and dark, and Rey’s heart threatened to leap out of her chest. “I want this. I want you. So much .” Rey’s breath caught in her throat at his heated declaration. Even if the proof of it didn’t rest hot and heavy on her stomach, it would have been impossible not to feel his desire. The Bond pulsed thickly with it, with his lust. He didn’t simply want her. He craved her. She inhaled through her nose, reveling in the press of the sharp lines of his body against her curves, and tamped down on the nervousness that bubbled in her chest. She shifted a little, moved her legs farther apart for his hips to settle between them more comfortably. His cock slid against her wet folds. They shared a gasp at the sensation as he moved the tip of his erection up and down her soaked slit, hitting her clit in a way that left her mind teetering. “Stop teasing.” She bit her lip, closing her eyes at the feel of his hands rubbing her breasts. They grazed her sides before he clutched her hips to angle her to his liking. “Rey, look at me.” The throaty timbre of his voice reverberated through her chest and Rey had no other choice but to stare into the blazing depths of his dark eyes as he took himself in his hand. Her breath hitched, and his free hand entwined with hers right next to her head. Squeezing it reassuringly, Rey felt a little of her anxiety abate. Her lips curved into a small smile, her heart fluttering when he smiled back, his hips grinding against her tentatively. Their gazes locked, and she waited with bated breath for him to…to do it, but he… what was he doing? She huffed, craning her neck to see why he was aimlessly poking around with his dick instead of getting it inside like he was supposed to. “Ren?” “Wait, I’m just--” he gritted out and Rey looked up into his eyes again just in time to catch a flicker of mortification before he was the one staring down with a crease between his brows. Oh. “Don’t tell me you don’t know where to put it…after everything.” “Of course I know where to put it!” And before she could lament the thoroughly trashed mood, Ren nudged the head of his cock inside, leaving her throat as dry as the deserts of Jakku. He paused to look at her face, waiting, asking. She could only nod, words completely eluding her as she squeezed his hand. Slowly, carefully he inched himself further in and the silliness from before evaporated under the weight of his smouldering eyes, stealing her breath away. Rey had expected a lot more difficulty fitting him in, but she was so wet and ready for him that it took almost no effort at all. It felt odd to be stretched like this, to be filled to the brim, to be connected with someone in the most intimate of ways. “Oh Force,” she gasped when he fully sank into her and stilled. He let out a grunt, his dark gaze searing into her soul, and she lost herself in the depths of his brown eyes. Before she knew it, their lips met in a lazy tangle of teeth and tongues. Nothing could have prepared her for this, framed by his large body, the sharp jut of his hipbones digging against the inside of her thighs, and his hot breath ghosting over her cheek, her neck, their hearts thudding in sync. Ren pulled his hips back before sliding back in again, letting out a groan that came from the back of his throat and rattled Rey’s ribcage. “ Rey , you feel so good. So perfect .” She could only moan, their interlaced hands the only thing anchoring her to reality as he set an unhurried yet eager rhythm with his hips. He moved as if they had all the time in the galaxy, not just this one night with each other. Chest pressed against hers, she felt the strong wiry muscles of his abdomen flex and shift. She was lost in him, in his grunts and groans, the way he could growl the syllable of her name in different cadences and set her blood aflame. He buried his face in her neck and Rey instantly felt deprived, wanted to look him in the eyes, but couldn’t force her mouth to cooperate when he kissed and suckled on her sensitive skin there. The discomfort and pain of first-time sex she had been warned about was distinctly absent, and there was nothing but a deep, satisfying sense of gratification surging through her. The sensuous pace of his hips had her mind reeling as their sweat-slicked bodies slid against each other Ren’s lips traced the shape of her jaw before pressing against her mouth again, swallowing her soft cries. Liquid fire coursed through her veins and the fluttering pressure within her belly was begging for release. Faster , she needed him to move faster. Frantic and overwrought, she urged him on with her throaty voice, asking for more . With a growl he released her hand to clutch her hip, angling her in a way that made him thrust faster and reach deeper within her. Her vision swam as he found a spot that had her her voice rising in octaves as he kept brushing against it again and again. It didn’t take much longer before she was careening over the edge of her climax, mewling his name. Unlike before, her orgasm hit her all at once, scorching through her body in a blaze of unbridled pleasure. Supernovas burst behind her eyelids as her back arched off the mattress, her toes curling. The rhythm of his hips was off as she clenched around his cock, making him whimper, his eyes wild and burning. He came inside her, with his eyes squeezed shut and her name wrapped in the deep velvety lilt of his voice. He nearly collapsed on top of her, but managed to keep most of his weight on his elbows. Rey brought her arms around his strong shoulders, and the Force enveloped them in a drowsy content hum. She didn’t know how long they stayed like this, drowning in each other’s presence, too lazy and unwilling to move in their post-coital haze. Eventually, they managed to slowly untangle their limbs, and her breath hitched anew. Ren regarded her with the softest of expressions, full of reverence and devotion, as if she was the most precious jewel in the galaxy. He brushed her hair off of her damp forehead, tracing her cheekbone with a forefinger. She was lost to his soft caresses, his sweet gentle kisses all over her face. He smiled wryly before he pulled out of her, making them gasp. He toppled down next to her, sated and out of breath. Without the sound of their coupling, the drum of her heartbeat was ridiculously loud. She pressed a palm against her chest. Her skin was still tingling, the phantoms of his touch still imprinted upon her as she shifted her legs with a shudder, feeling his fluid leak out of her. She was sticky all over, but warm, content and satisfied, and hazy with fatigue. So this was sex. Sometimes it had been described to her as something completely life changing, sometimes it had been dismissed as nothing particularly special.The novels she had read made the act sound like something magical and otherworldly, but Jessika had told her not to expect her first time to be like that. Ren moved beside her, the fine hairs on her arm rising when he ran his knuckles over her skin. Feeling absurdly happy and gleeful and satisfied, she broke into a grin that threatened to split her cheeks. Ren blinked down at her before his lips twitched into that faint unpractised smile of his, sending her heart into yet another frenzy. “Are you alright?” he asked, his delight a tangible sensation over the Bond. She licked her lips. “Yes. I’m good. I mean it was really good .” “Just good?” He cracked another smile, letting his eyes rove over her face and her naked form. Unable to resist, she reached out and captured his lips in a kiss. He pulled back slightly only to rub her nose with his. Rey felt something within her constrict and squeeze. “Mmm, it was amazing.” She could shamelessly admit that. He seemed pleased with her words, showering her with kisses and affection. Rey lost all sense of time and space, too wrapped up in his strong arms before reality reasserted itself. “Ren,” she whispered against his lips. “I need to clean up.” “Let me fetch a towel.” He was already on his feet before she had even moved a muscle. Her gaze followed the contours of his flexed muscles, the curve of his spine, his firm ass as he padded towards the refresher. He was more confident in his nudity now, less tense as he came back with a wet towel in his hand. She reached for it but he paid her no mind, dabbing the towel against the inside of her thighs with an expression of utmost concentration, before gingerly repeating the process between her legs. Her breath caught in her throat at his gentleness, at the amber glow playing in his eyes from the lights filtering through the ceiling-high clari-crystalline. Once he was done cleaning himself up as well he used the Force to push the towel back into the refresher and settled into the bed again. “Thank you,” she murmured shyly. Her heart was too full, ready to burst. She sank into his embrace when he gathered her in his arms like the men in the romance novels did, adoring and tender. A contentedness she had never known before engulfed her body in its dozy spell. He kissed her cheek, and Rey held onto him, his heartbeat a steady pulse beneath her ear. “Are you tired?” he asked, something careful and tentative in his voice. Rey smiled. “Not a chance.” Notes: That wasn't too bad for a first time right? I had actually planned for this to be far more awkward and embarrassing at first, but then it was like lol nope they're gonna have some pretty great first sex. So what did you think? Chapter 4 : IV Notes: Gosh, I wanted to post this chapter sooner, but I have been swamped by work. I want to thank all of you for your kudos and great comments. Also holy shit, guys, JJ's commentary of TFA cleared my skin. There's nothing like the director himself confirming what we have been saying all along. Without further ado: enjoy~~ Rey was roused from her sleep a bit later, the mattress too soft beneath her. It had taken her a few weeks until she had even gotten used to the rough bunk in her quarters on Base, far too used to the constant discomfort of the hammock she slept on in her AT-AT on Jakku. One drowsy glance at the chrono told her not even two hours had passed since they had last moved frantically against each other, hands exploring flushed sweaty skin, voices needy and hoarse with shared pleasure. She took in a shuddery breath. She had wanted to be rid of the tension between them. But then she had also wanted to explore this man’s body and have his large hands explore hers in return. It was selfish and stupid, and still, Rey couldn’t bring herself to regret it. And if she had the choice to go back, she wouldn’t change anything about her decision. Her body was aglow with a pleasant soreness, a static energy running through her veins. A faint smile pulled at her lips as she gingerly turned to lie on her side, facing his sleeping form fully. Ren was lying on his stomach, a mess of sprawled long limbs right next to her, his lips parted in his slumber. Even though he had been buried inside of her, the sight of his bare back and the sheet resting precariously low on his hips still made Rey’s breath hitch. He was beautiful like this. Face smooth and lax, unmarred by anger, just peaceful and at ease. Her heart rate picked up the slightest bit as she reached out and trailed the back of her hand over the bulge of his biceps. Already she could feel the heat pooling between her legs; she was insatiable, her body throbbing with want, but should she wake him? She bit her lip. Once it was morning this would all come to an end, and -- her stomach churned -- they’d go back to fighting each other. Yet Rey couldn’t find it in herself to rouse him; instead she traced the bumps of his vertebrae, her touch featherlight, and her hand only stopped once it reached the twin grooves at his tailbone before she ran it up the length of his spine again. Her fingers splayed over the side of his face that was bared to her. Her brow furrowed. She could leave right now; let Ren sleep and make a quick dash for it, return to D’Qar and act like she hadn’t luxuriated in bed with her enemy. Maybe she should feel more guilty, betraying her friends like this, but that emotion was somewhere buried deep within her, dull and hollow. She traced the shape of his jaw with a finger. Fifteen years. Rey had wasted fifteen years on that forceforsaken planet, wishing and hoping and hungering. Rey wanted. Wanted . Craved touch and intimacy and everything she had missed out on because there were parts to salvage, things to scavenge, all so she would live to see another day for a family that never came, that probably never wanted to come back for her to begin with. Rage, ugly and hot, cut through her mind. She was done living for others. Rey wanted. And she would take whatever she wanted. With a sharp intake of breath Ren started to stir, the space between his eyebrows creasing as he slowly woke. She snapped her hand back just as he opened his eyes. “Sorry,” she whispered. Her anger and indignation ebbed away to be replaced by trepidation and self-consciousness. Ren raised his head from the pillow and blinked. “I didn’t mean to wake you up,” she lied. “It’s alright,” he said, voice thick with sleep, gaze glassy. He cleared his throat and the action pulled her attention to his Adam’s apple. Her skin flared with heat. He turned to lie on his side as well, baring his chiseled torso to her. There was an alertness to him now, the fatigue on his face melting away as his eyes roamed over her naked self. Rey swallowed hard. She wanted. Wanted so much. Wanted him. “Do you want to go back to sleep?” she asked just as she reached out again and stroked his cheek. Her heart fluttered when he leaned into the touch, closing his eyes with a pleased rumble that reverberated in his chest. “No. You?” Even the relative darkness of the room did nothing to diminish the intensity of the blazing inferno of his eyes. Her lips twitched into a serene smile, belying the mayhem within her. She shifted closer, running her ankle up his shin, and her breath caught in her throat when a wicked grin spread over his face. Her blood sang for him, and the Force twined around them warmly. The glint in his eyes was the only warning she got before he had her on her back again, kissing, tasting and pleasuring. Rey wanted. And she took. And he gave. The next time Rey woke up it was to an empty bed and messy sheets. Her eyes snapped open as she moved her legs with a wince, the blanket that had been covering her chest pooling into her lap. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes, groggily taking in the empty bedroom. Her heart plummeted down to her stomach. Had he left already? A chill went down her spine before her fingers curled into the blanket in her lap, twitching with the urge to tear holes into it. But that would be silly. She had no reason to feel so stupidly upset that he had just left. A goodbye wasn’t needed. In fact, it was vastly more preferable to an awkward morning after. Whatever, she needed a shower. She huffed to herself and clenched her fists, unfurling the blanket with a snap of her hands. The soft carpet muted the stomp of her steps, irrationally enraging her more. She hadn’t even made it halfway across the large room before the patter of the running shower made her pause, all anger draining out of her tense muscles. Her eyes widened. He was still here! The relief that unwound in her heart was embarrassing in how quickly it came. She didn’t even have the time to chastise herself, to tell herself that his presence just complicated matters. Her toes curled into the carpet, her shoulders slumping without the force of her annoyance. It would be smarter to get dressed, pack her things and leave while he was still busy, but Rey hadn’t been making any smart decisions since she tried to climb him like a tree on Takodana. Besides, she also needed a shower. There was no way she was going to arrive on Base smelling like sex. Her ship did have a perfectly functioning shower, but it couldn’t possibly compare to the one in this suite. When was she going to be able to enjoy such splendour ever again? If she was already here, she might as well make the best of it. The door to the ‘fresher slid open before she could even touch it. A cloud of steam coiled around her as she stepped inside. Rey hadn’t had the chance to take in the refresher last night, too caught up in the frenzy of her desire to care much about the additional amenities Ren had booked for them. Unsurprisingly it was spacious, the marble floor a warm, sandy brown. The unoccupied bathtub to her right was carved into an elevated platform, two flat steps leading towards it. She breathed a little more deeply at the thought of soaking in hot water and letting her muscles relax. Rey gave the bathtub a mournful look. There was no time for that. Ren’s blurred silhouette beckoned her, his strong arms moving fluidly as he washed himself. She passed the toilet, the sink, eyes transfixed on the sheer cubicle of the shower in the corner of the room. Her pulse spiked, the heat between her legs throbbing as she padded forward, but then his movements stilled and the door of transparisteel was pulled aside. Her heart thudded against her ribs, her mouth running dry at Ren’s dripping naked body. Hot water sluiced down the ridges of his taut abdomen, his hair plastered to his face as he regarded her warily. But his caution gave quickly away for burning hunger as his eyes flitted from her face down to her breasts, to her legs, settling between them briefly before he was staring into her eyes again. The dark shade of pink crawling over his cheeks had nothing to do with the steam. “Is there something you wanted?” he asked with an uncertain tilt of his head. “A shower,” she replied simply, her gaze drifting unceremoniously between his legs. She waited for the guilt and self-loathing to come, to crash into her, to jolt her out of the absurdity of her action, but it never came. The sheer wrongness of the situation felt decidedly not wrong, and all she could think about was how good it had felt having him inside of her. He let out a cough, shifting in place. “I will hurry up.” “No need.” She shook her head, unabashedly walking straight up to him. He gasped, too startled at her audacity to say anything as she ducked under his arm and stepped beneath the stream of water. Carefully, she kept her back to him and pretended the prickling sensation that wafted down her spine was because of the heat within the shower, not because of the fervour of his stare. He let the door slide shut without a word. The cubicle was big enough for both of them to fit in easily without the risk of even an accidental touch. Rey cursed quietly to herself, eyeing the array of soaps and oils neatly stacked on the in-wall shelves. Before she could make a grab for one of the scented bars, Ren’s pale arm appeared in her periphery, long fingers wrapping around one of the bottles. He squeezed some of the substance into his hand and Rey was again reminded of all the things she hadn’t had, even something as simple as this. Her back went ramrod straight when his fingers raked through her hair, lathering the shampoo into her scalp. A reprimand was on the tip of her tongue-- she hadn’t asked him to wash her hair, but she had unashamedly invaded his shower, and slowly, Rey allowed herself to relax. Silence reigned as she let him coddle her; the sensation of his hands massaging her scalp was heavenly. The delicate scent of velanie flowers filled her nostrils and Rey surrendered herself with a contented sigh that morphed into a strangled yelp when his hands dipped down her shoulders. He left a trail of fire on her skin in the wake of his touch, making her shudder against his hands that rubbed the sweet flowery gel against her body. He spent a lot longer on her breasts than was necessary, her nipples beading in response. A heady thrum of arousal curled in the pit of her stomach, his side of the Bond purring smugly. His body behind her was a furnace, smouldering and searing, and she wondered if he was hard for her again. She closed her eyes as he pulled her closer and she felt her sud-coiled hair loosen beneath the stream of water. He raked his fingers through her hair and Rey watched, fascinated, as the foam slid down her body and vanished down the drain until there was nothing more than clear water that was curling at her feet. She barely had a minute to contemplate the intimacy of this before his arms were winding around her waist and he was pressing himself against her back. Rey exhaled sharply. Definitely hard and ready for her. Her nails found purchase in his hair, making him hiss against the side of her head. Ren’s movements lost their leisurely pace, turning frantic and desperate as he bucked against her with a low groan that had her whining, needy and wanton. A nerve in his forearm jumped with the fierceness of his grip. “What are you doing to me?” he croaked, burying his face in the crook of her neck. Rey made a questioning noise from the back of her throat, too delirious and stupid with want to care for proper words. “I never--” he growled, slipping a finger between her wet folds. Rey squeaked, the hand that was not lodged in his hair clawing at his arm as he stroked her into a frenzy. “Before I met you… I never had… never wanted .” She let out a keening sob when he easily slid his finger inside and his thumb brushed against her clit. Her walls clenched around his finger as everything else around her ceased to exist. Opposing allegiances, the dark and the light side of the Force, his crimes, and her resentment for him were of no consequence here. Nothing but the rapturous pleasure he stirred within her mattered in that moment. Nothing but the deep baritone of his voice, whispering sweetly against her ear, telling her how beautiful she was, how the noises she made were driving him crazy, how much he wanted to take her again. “Please,” she whimpered, and he swiftly nudged her forward and had her planting her hands against the slippery surface of the shower stall. She was surely going to fall at this rate with her uncooperative limbs and scattered wits, but a soothing touch along her hipbone and the soft caress of the Force wrapping around her, steadying her, silenced her worries. He pressed soft kisses along the curve of her shoulder before he rubbed the head of his cock against her sensitive folds, coaxing pitiful squeals out of her. “ Please .” Begging was all she could do, and if she possessed even the faintest capacity for rational thought, she might have been thoroughly mortified by her neediness. Her eyes fluttered shut as she tilted her hips back, humming in delight at the choked curses that left his mouth. With one hand still at her hip and the other running up the slope of her spine, he finally slid inside with a grunt, slick and thick and perfect. The angle was entirely different, he reached deeper within her and his thrusts were steadier, more controlled. Rey gasped and moaned, throwing her head back against his chest, nearly choking on the water that prattled down on them. She snapped her mouth shut, but there was no silencing her. Ren groaned her name, licked up her neck as he palmed her breasts and squeezed roughly. The Force hold, the only thing keeping her upright on her tiring legs, quivered with Ren’s dwindling control. Rey slapped her hand against the fogged up transparisteel in front of her with a sharp cry. Ren’s hand at her hip sneaked between her legs, brushing against her clit. The fluttering sensation in the pit of her stomach coiled tightly before it burst in a blast of heat. Her climax surged through her with blinding, sizzling vigor, and the Bond sang. The phantom of his mounting pleasure curled around her as Ren rammed into her with renewed urgency, chasing his own orgasm. Rey moaned, wrenching one hand from the surface of the stall to make a blind grab for his hip, meeting him thrust for thrust. He came while chanting her name against her neck, his body going slack against her back when his voice was hoarse from shouting. It was only through sheer force of will that she managed to stay upright despite her shaky legs. Rey whimpered when he pulled out of her but did nothing else to detach himself from her sensitive body, just held her to his chest. He nuzzled some of her hair away from her neck and kissed her there, sighing softly against her skin. She didn’t know how long they stood there beneath the shower stream and let the water wash all traces of sex off, but her pruny fingers told her that it was enough already. Even if she hadn’t felt this at peace for a long time, her scavenger instincts stirred, reprimanding her for being so wasteful with something as precious as water. Reluctantly she pulled away from him and turned the shower off with a flick of her fingers. “We should get dressed,” she muttered, suddenly bashful under his questioning gaze. She stepped out of the cubicle and summoned two towels with the Force, wrapping one of them around her naked frame. Without sparing him a glance, she handed him the other one. “Rey, wait.” Ren’s hand went to her shoulder, turning her around to face him. His eyes were dark, wild, his lips parted with whatever he had been meaning to say. He made a frustrated sound instead, his teeth burying in his plump bottom lip before his other hand took her free shoulder. Rey’s breath hitched in her throat as he pulled her closer, ducking his head to claim her lips in a bruising kiss. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she melted against his chest. “When do you have to leave?” he asked hurriedly against her mouth before kissing her again, softly this time. “Mmm, I was going to leave now.” His fingers dug against her lower back, the sensation dulled by the towel hugging her skin. “Does the Resistance allow its most powerful combatants only two days of leave?” he scoffed, his snide voice at odds with him sweetly pressing a kiss against her temple. “No, in fact I asked for five days, but the General gave me ten standard days of vacation,” Rey huffed. His small kisses stilled as he took a deep breath, his chest expanding shakily with it as if he was steeling himself for something. A large hand cupped her chin and tilted her head up. “And you’re going to leave now,” he said, running his other hand through his wet hair. She blinked. “Y-yes.” His jaw clenched as he briefly looked away. “And now we will be able to meet each other on the battlefield as proper enemies.” His gaze was on her again, and Rey felt her stomach drop. She bit her lip, staring down at her feet, watching the water drip down her calves as she clutched the towel closer to her chest. The mere mention of fighting each other was ridiculous. Why would he even bring it up now? When they were both naked. She licked her lips, not missing how Ren seemed to be transfixed by the gesture. Rey gulped hard and tried to put as much resoluteness into her voice as she could. “Well, yes. That was the whole point of--” she gestured between them before letting her hand dangle, “--this.” “Of course. Do you think--” he let out a jittery breath, “--do you think that it might be more beneficial if we… extended our stay here.” No. It was on the tip of her tongue. She just had to say it because she couldn’t compromise the Resistance any further after committing such treason already. She had to leave! She had been foolish and had spent too much time with him. Her eyes narrowed as she shook her head, feeling the Force buzz around her, gentle and comforting. Ren had his head bowed, his fists clenched, avoiding looking anywhere near her face. “I understand if you don’t wish to,” he suddenly said, wrapping the towel around his hips with an air of dejection. “How long?” Rey ducked her head and squeezed her eyes shut, cursing silently under her breath. Looking up with heated eyes, Rey asked, “For how long should we extend this trip?” It took him a few seconds to gather his bearings and shake his surprise off. He cleared his throat, a tentative smile spreading over his face. “You said you were permitted a leave of ten standard days. I think we should make the best use of them.” “And you can just stay away for that long? Won’t your precious Order miss you?” She crossed her arms over her chest. “Let me worry about that,” he said, frowning. She mirrored his frown and planted her feet further apart, though all pretense of appearing intimidating was lost in her relative nudity. “So we’re just going to spend the whole week having sex? Do we just go our separate ways in the day and meet up in the night here?” She scrunched up her nose. It was one thing to spend just one night together that was supposed to be done and over with come morning where no further communication was needed, but an extended stay just complicated things, and it would be perhaps better just to go out of each other's way to avoid any ugly confrontations. “I was thinking we should probably eat first before we discuss further details.” He brushed past her without so much as a glance, his hurried steps carrying him out of the ‘fresher. Rey blinked dumbly. Right. He needed to eat, too, because he was, in fact, not a wraith who kept himself sustained by eating sun matter or devouring the souls of those he killed. Not an actual monster. Human. A shiver ran down her spine as she followed him to the bedroom, the filtered cool air making goose bumps rising on her chilled skin. Rey hadn’t put too much thought into where they would be eating. She had just assumed that they would find a nearby diner and enjoy their breakfast in silence, too caught up in the bizarre reality where she was going to have breakfast with Kylo Ren to think too much about the location. She nearly choked on her breath when Kylo Ren led her through a large door. The white of the interior of the hotel’s restaurant nearly blinded her and she would have probably turned on her heel and run all the way back out if it weren’t for his hand on the small of her back guiding her inside. The room was vast, spacious and encased by clari-crystalline so impeccably clean and clear that Rey thought for a moment that there was nothing but air separating the restaurant from Coruscant’s skylanes. She tried not to stare, tried not to be even more conspicuous when she was decidedly so underdressed for this place and had already garnered more than a few passing judgmental glances her way. But she couldn’t keep her eyes off the ring of suspended transparisteel bubbles that twined to a glistening chandelier in the center. There was a lump in her throat when they seated themselves on plush comfortable chairs that were as white as everything else in this room. Ren looked too big for the chair he was sitting on, but Rey bit her lip and kept her eyes on the table in front of her, ignoring the prickling sensation at the back of her neck. She might as well have been dressed in tatters, and while Ren’s sleek blue shirt and black trousers looked better than her worn tunic, his attire still couldn’t compare to the fancy bejeweled gowns and shirts the other patrons wore. They should go. What if someone recognized them? It wasn’t entirely impossible. They stood out. Rey had chosen such a crowded planet as Coruscant so they wouldn’t stick out as two strangers on a more remote planet would have, but Ren might have as well presented their affair on a silver platter for all of Galactic City to see. Before she could say anything on the matter a screen in the table flared to life with the menu in Galactic Standard. She sucked in a harsh breath and her head snapped up. “Ren,” she hissed, startling him in his seat. He blinked. “We can’t eat here!” He cocked his head to the side, dark curls falling over his eyes. “Why not?” “Because,” she closed her eyes and exhaled through her nose, “I don’t have enough credits on me.” The embarrassment was sharp and acute and Rey wished she could just fling herself out of this place, but then she’d probably just embarrass herself more by bouncing off the sturdy clari-crystalline instead. It was humiliating enough to admit this, calling attention to what she was: just a scavenger who happened to be blessed with Force sensitivity. There was no way she could afford even the cheapest of drinks on the menu, let alone a proper meal. “You don’t have to worry about that,” Ren said, waving a hand. “I chose this place and I will cover both of our expenses.” She pursed her lips, still uneasy. “Alright,” she eventually said. “But I will pay next time. And pick the place.” “Next time? I’m looking forward to it.” He smirked. Rey closed her eyes, cursing herself. She had just derailed her own plan of spending as little time with him as possible outside of their activities in bed. Heaving a sigh, she glanced at the menu. Her mouth watered at the assortment of panna cakes and breads and omelettes, fruits and berries, some of them familiar, some she had only heard of and had been desperate to taste. While the meals provided by the Resistance were not varied, they were better than anything she had had on Jakku. Whenever there had been excursions to other planets, Poe would make sure to take her and Finn to a cantina or bar and have them try out new drinks and dishes. These trips were few and far in between, but she nevertheless appreciated Poe’s efforts. Yet, Rey still couldn’t shake off her discomfort at the high prices despite Ren’s assurances, and glumly reached to the screen to tap the least expensive dish. Or she would have if Ren’s hand didn’t curl over her own, freezing it in place. Her heart jumped into her throat at the warmth that radiated to the tips of her fingers, and soon engulfed her whole body. “What are you doing?” she asked thickly, jaw taut. He released her hand with a suddenness that startled her, as if he hadn’t realized himself what he had been doing. Ren cleared his throat. “Allow me to order for you.” “Why? I’m capable of doing that on my own. Don’t worry, I may be just a scavenger, but I know how to read.” “That’s not… I didn’t mean to imply… I just--” he groaned, a look of dire helplessness crossing his face. “I wanted to suggest that we order a bit of everything?” “A bit of everything? Can you do that?” she asked, her ire abating. He nodded, and unable to resist, she relented. She let Ren handle their order and leaned back in her seat, gazing around the room, watching the other patrons engrossed in their own conversations. For the first time since they stepped inside the restaurant, Rey allowed herself to relax. Nobody was paying them any mind. A bit of everything turned out to be a lot more than Rey could have ever imagined. Their food was served to them by three service droids as a fourth arranged numerous vases filled to the brim with gorgeous flowers of stunning reds and pinks and yellows amongst the plates of food. Rey’s jaw nearly dropped open, her nostrils overwhelmed by the sweet scent of berries and bread and blossoms alike. “Oh!” Her eyes lit up. “I didn’t think flowers were a part of breakfast.” Ren caught her gaze briefly before looking away. Her mouth curved into a wide and unrestrained smile. “They’re beautiful,” she whispered, fondly stroking a pink petal. One of her favourite colours. Similar to the stunning sunsets on Jakku, vibrant and beautiful, bathing even the dreary drab desert in pretty pink hues. Ren blinked and shook his head. “I’m... I’m pleased you like them. Let’s eat.” She dug into the first thing she got her hands on with gusto. Not sparing the knife and fork a single glance, she rolled the flat cake together, unheeding of the sticky thick carbosyrup drenching her fingers. The first bite made her moan quietly and she thought to savour it a little more, but the fluffy sweet cake practically melted on her tongue and Rey couldn’t contain herself. She chewed quickly, loudly, licking the syrup from her fingers, before she went for the next plate. Another cake that tasted a little sweet and a little tart at once. She was done with it in a matter of seconds and scooped up the bit of cream that was on the plate with her fingers, sucking it off her fingers one by one. Smiling from ear to ear, she made a grab for the next plate, leaning in closely to smell the aroma of the omelette before she looked across the table at Ren. “What kind of--” A high-pitched giggle cut through her question. Rey whipped her head around to the table that was the closest to theirs. Occupied by four people, two of them blue-skinned twi’leks, one female and the other male, a male zabrak and a human, they weren’t even trying to hide their stares towards Rey. Absently Rey wiped some residue of the blue cream from her chin, eliciting another round of barely restrained laughter from the other table. Oh. Heat crawled across her cheeks as she felt her heart drop down to her stomach. Mortified, she averted her eyes to her hands, her fingers still sticky with syrup and cream. She could hear them whisper, loudly , making fun of her. Savage , they called her. She stiffened; they weren’t wrong, were they? Couldn’t even eat her food properly, but what did they know? Didn’t know that every last drop and crumb on Jakku counted, and she’d lick her plate clean just to savour her meagre meal more. She gulped, eyeing the fork and knife in front of her warily. She had seen the General eat with them once when she had invited Rey and Finn to dine with her in her personal quarters right after Finn had been cleared from the medbay. The giggling and barely hushed derision died out suddenly. Despite her better judgment, she looked back only to see the four occupants, pale-faced and frightened, avoiding even glancing in her direction. The Force was twirling around her, dark and possessive, and for a moment her pulse spiked with panic. “Ren?” She glanced up at him, his vicious glare and clenched fists making her draw in a shaky breath. It appeased her only a little that his fury was not directed at her, but there was a deeply buried part within her that liked this. Ren being defensive in her regard, his anger so potent and palpable that it silenced four people at once. However-- “Ren, stop it,” she hissed, nudging his shin with the tip of her boot. He clenched his fists, deep brown eyes softening when they fell on her. “This is entirely unnecessary.” “They upset you,” he stated simply. Her heart fluttered, but she shrugged, trying to tamp down the sensation altogether. “It doesn’t matter. You don’t have to act like this on my behalf. I can handle myself, and scaring the people around us half to death will only draw more attention to us.” He looked like he wanted to argue with her. Ren’s ferocious glare in that moment had her mind flashing back to a snow-covered forest, his anger so intense and vicious that it almost suffocated her. He was still a dangerous man and his sweetness in the bedroom didn’t change any of that. “They’re gartro eggs,” he said, putting his knife and fork down. “They’re delicious. You should also try these.” He grabbed one of the smaller pastries with chunks of reddish-orange fruit in the dough. “Muja muffins.” He bit into it and chewed with an open mouth, smacking his lips like she did before. He held the plate out to her and Rey readily took one of the muffins, eager to take her mind to the safe topic of food. Grinning against the warm cake scooped in her hands, she took a bite large enough that a little less than half of it was left, all self-consciousness gone and forgotten with her mouth so full that chomping was quite the struggle. “You look ridiculous,” Ren snorted, eyes twinkling, a gentle smile curving his mouth. He flopped the rest of the pastry into his mouth in one piece. Rey made a face at him as she chewed with puffed-out cheeks. The rest of their breakfast passed with amiable if awkward chitchat; he would present her with a dish and explain its specifics if it was unfamiliar, and she would eat everything. Her favourite ended up being the rolled-up bread cooked in melted brown yyeger sugar and stuffed with various fillings. She enjoyed the ones filled with cream and Juna berries the best. “Pouring that much milk and sugar into it destroys the purpose of drinking caf,” Ren said, scrunching up his nose as she tossed a third cube of sugar into her cup. Rey shrugged and inhaled the aromatic and bitter fragrance of her beverage. The first time she had tried it on D’Qar after concluding that it had to be everyone’s favourite drink in the Resistance, Rey had almost spat it back out again, had wondered how anyone managed to keep something that tasted like acid down. Jessika had taken pity on her and suggested Rey put some sweetener into her caf. “I like sweet things.” “Yes, I deduced that much.” “How can you drink it without any sweetener at all, urgh .” He flashed her a smirk and raised his cup towards her, making sure she saw the deep black bitter liquid before he took a big gulp of it. Rey shuddered, grimacing at him. “Gross.” He only made a show of slurping more loudly, grinning against the rim of his cup. Chapter 5 : V Summary: They're both nerds. Notes: I am as always immensely grateful for the feedback this story is getting. Even if I dont reply to all of your reviews, I just want you to know that I appreciate each and all of them <3 I signed up for the Reylo Gift Exchange btw so that fic is going to have priority until it's done. And I'm super excited for it!!! But this story won't be abadoned of course ;) Also shoutout to Subway Sandwiches for inspiring the food in this chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The viewscreen had an odd green flicker to it and Rey chose to focus on that and the assortment of holobooks instead of Ren’s unease in the small store they found themselves in. The human clerk behind the counter couldn’t be bothered to pay them more than his passing attention, already attuned to a slow business day. A weekly interplanetary market was roaring outside. Other than Ren and her, there was only a Mon Calamari on the opposite side of the store skittishly browsing through the store’s databank. Her new green hand-carved leather satchel hung heavily from her shoulder, filled to the brim with little trinkets and souvenirs for her friends. She had managed to bargain the price of the pretty bag down to half the credits that the Sullustan trader was initially selling it for, while Ren had been awkwardly hovering in her vicinity. In fact, awkwardly hovering in her vicinity was all Ren had been doing after they had hailed an air taxi from The Elite and found themselves in the mid levels of the planet. The weird energy between them -- that was neither the tension that led them to sleep with each other nor the nervousness before they slept with each other -- annoyed her more than she cared to admit. Rey worked her jaw as she selected some of the titles that caught her eye. Starfighters of the Galaxy , Mandalorians: Identity and Language, and The Anthropology of Engineering . Unable to resist, she also tapped on the newest installment of the Offworlder series. She would still be within the frame of credits she had planned to spend today if she purchased only these four, but then her finger was hovering on another title. The First Great Schism - The Formation of the Sith? by Karreal Doneeta. She scrunched up her nose as she skimmed the summary and the first chapter. Written by someone who seemed to have only a passing grasp on the workings of the Force, this pop holobook would be a waste of precious credits. Master Luke had given her the incomplete holocron of Awdrysta Pina, the Grand Master who led the forces of the old Jedi Order against the dissenters that split from the Order and called themselves the Legions of Lettow. Awdrysta Pina, who expressed sympathy for his enemies and a love for battle and bloodshed. What an odd Jedi , she recalled thinking at the time, and wondered about the finer details of why the dissenter Xendor had rejected the Jedi Order. Rey bit her lip and pressed her finger against the screen to store the book on her datachip. Maybe it would provide her at least a little more information on the matter. Rey was thirsty for knowledge, wanted to know everything there was to know, and couldn’t help but be nearly overwhelmed with the range of books and texts that were now at her disposal. She had made the best of what she had on Jakku, but now nothing was standing in her way to learn about the languages and species and history of the galaxy. Finn would joke that she went through books faster than through her food. Ren was already regarding her expectantly when she pulled her datachip out of its slot. She flushed a deep red, wondering if he had seen the books she had picked. But his eyes were entirely nonjudgmental if impatient when she nodded at him. The clerk took her credit chip with the same enthusiasm he had been guarding the store before handing it back to her. Rey slipped both the data and credit chip into her satchel, full of anticipation at having more to add to her collection of books. There was a little bounce in her steps when they exited the store, something that Ren didn’t seem to miss. Outside, the market was roaring with bustling activity. Vendors and traders were shouting in languages she knew and didn’t know, but itched to learn, about their products. One stall, manned by three Rodians, was selling lovely colourful scarves of silk and satin. Another one was offering thick furs and leather from the most well-bred banthas in the entire galaxy. Niima had never had this much of an array of products to offer, only traders from offworld providing a little variety. “So…what did you purchase?” Ren asked after a while of pushing through the throngs of people. Rey perked up. “Oh, um, just a few texts that sounded interesting. Starfighters of the Galaxy and a book about Mandalorian culture and language. Oh! And the new part of the Offworlder series is out, too!” “What is the Offworlder series?” She stumbled a little. “It’s, um, it’s about this woman, Brianna, who is on an expedition with her husband on Dathomir, and somehow because of the planet’s magic she finds herself on a foreign planet in another galaxy altogether, and she is trying to find her way back to her husband. But she spends years in this galaxy and slowly the planet and its people become a second home to her. And there’s this other man she meets…and it’s complicated.” “So it’s a fictional story?” he asked, raising his eyebrows. She nodded, pressing her lips into a thin line, and he hummed. “I used to collect books,” he said, making her head snap up. He waved a hand around, but refused to look at her, something like unease wafting through the Bond. “Why didn’t you buy any at the shop then?” “I mean real books, Rey. The printed kind.” “Printed? You mean on flimsi?” “No.” He grinned, finally looking down at her, excitement glinting in his dark eyes. Rey’s breath hitched in her throat. “On paper.” “Paper?” She blinked. “Yes! Paper! They were used by the Zhell during the Early Hyperspace Age, or the Pre-Republic Era, by which I mean the Old Republic. They were a people indigenous to Coruscant, and are presumed to be the precursors of the human race. But compared to other more advanced civilizations like the Rakata or Kiliks, the Zhell were more primitive and didn’t have the same technology at their disposal. They put their history on record with print.” Ren had started to gesture wildly with his hands. There was an unbridled enthusiasm on his face she had never seen before. Even someone like Kylo Ren could derive pleasure from things that weren’t connected to bloodshed it seemed. Rey barely knew the recent history of the galaxy, something she strived to rectify, but Kylo Ren was talking about peoples and civilizations she had never heard of with such casual flippancy that it made her wonder how much more he knew. “Paper, however, is not very durable, so I had to take certain measures to preserve the books and documents.” “Oh?” Rey’s mouth quirked into a smile. She clasped her hands behind her back, sighing against the fresh breeze that ruffled her hair and cooled her skin. “What kind of measures?” “I had to make sure to store them in a clean, dry and draft-free space to protect them from environmental influences. Light, heat and moisture all contribute to their deterioration. So I put them in durapolyethylene enclosures to protect them from further damage.” Ren beamed down at her with such tangible delight that Rey’s heart threatened to catapult itself out of her body. Her stupid body needed to stop betraying her like this. He was still her enemy, even if he was being more endearing than he had the right to be. Torn between unease and amusement, she muttered, “That doesn’t sound like a dark sider thing to do.” He made an odd strangled sound as he tensed up. His strides became more rigid, and Rey knew she had already said the wrong thing. So much for trying to make smalltalk with her enemy. They should stick to talking about food. Or not talk at all. She heaved a sigh, resigning herself to another bout of awkward silence and curious stolen glances. Nighttime couldn’t come quickly enough. Or maybe they should just stick to having sex the whole day with a few breaks in between to eat. “I used to do this before I joined the First Order.” It was Rey’s turn to tense up. Right. Before the First Order. Before, when he was called Ben Solo. Or was it Ben Organa? “I see,” she said, refusing to look at him. The Bond wobbled, shaky and unsettled. The silence returned and settled over them like a sheet of snow. She could feel his stare, but she kept her eyes glued to the stalls at her right, unseeing. Until they passed one with a Chagrian with light blue skin, dressed in vibrant crimson robes. He was gesturing wildly with gem-encrusted fingers at the sparkling crystals and stones all beautifully woven into necklaces, rings, bracelets and circlets. The breath left Rey’s lungs in a delighted gasp as she stopped to stare, earning herself a few disgruntled words from the pedestrians behind her. She barely noticed them bumping against her as they went around her still body. “How can I help you, Miss?” The Chagrian was suddenly in front of her, hands clasped together, the golden spheres wrapped around his horns glinting. “Oh, I was just looking,” Rey said, letting her gaze sweep over the necklaces that hung on a black satiny board. Vivid greens and blues and reds and yellows shimmered against the dark fabric. Maybe she could buy just one? Maybe not a necklace but a ring? She looked down at the pristine transparisteel case that held the rings all securely held by the same satiny substance as the necklaces on the board. Maybe one with a small gem? The tiniest? How was she supposed to pick one! Everything was so pretty! Pretty...and things she didn’t really need. “They’re so beautiful!” Rey beamed up at the vendor. “Ah, thank you, Miss,” the Chagrian said, grinning. “All of the items are crafted by hand, every stone and metal carefully inspected and chosen. Only the best for my customers. Like this one--” he took a thin silver chain with a pale blue gem shaped like a drop of water from the board, and held it out to her. “Rylothian aquamarine.” Transfixed, Rey gently ran her finger over the surface of the stone. “So pretty.” “Isn’t it?” The Chagrian said. “It would look lovely on you.” Rey withdrew her hand with a frown. “I don’t think I would ever wear it.” She shouldn’t be contemplating spending so many credits on something so...so superfluous. But the General liked to wear her rings even if she was commanding her men to battle. “Maybe you would prefer something a little more subdued?” Despite her better judgement, Rey let her gaze sweep over the board of necklaces again before one of them caught her eye, pale glinting stones that shouldn’t be as captivating as they were with their dull colour. “What about that one?” “Ah, the Lothalian moonstone.” The Chagrian smiled and retrieved the necklace with swirling silver tendrils like the boughs of a tree attached to three round white gems that gave off an iridescent blue shimmer. Smaller, vibrant green stones were attached to the moonstones, contrasting prettily with their paler colour. “Do you travel a lot, Miss?” Rey nodded. “Perfect. The Lothalians also call it the traveler’s stone. If you keep one close, you will be safe on your travels. But then they also say that it is the crystal for first love… or was it secret love? Everyone tells a different tale,” he sighed, aiming his gaze over her shoulder. “I think we can agree that it would be a beautiful gift to receive.” Rey bit her lip, fingers wrapped around the strap of her satchel. “How much?” Ren’s deep voice cut in. “What?!” Her head whipped around, eyes incredulous. Rey’s mouth threatened to unhinge completely from her face as Ren gave the gleeful Chagrian his credit chip to scan. It was a simple interaction that took only a few seconds, but Rey’s brain felt as mushy as it did whenever she hadn’t been able to follow Master Luke’s more advanced theories on the Force. The pretty pendant was put into an equally pretty black case, and they were already old news to the Chagrian when he bid them a chipper goodbye before turning this attention to the next potential customers. “Would you like to wear it now?” “What...why--” she shook her head. “Why did you buy that?” “You wanted it, didn’t you?” His long fingers tapped restlessly against the black case. “No! I mean yes! But why would you spend your credits on buying jewelry for me?” She understood that his genteel upbringing prompted him to book the most luxurious of hotel rooms for them, she could grasp that since he had picked the place himself, he was also honorbound to pay for the food that was provided by the hotel. But fancy, expensive jewelry?! Just what was Ren playing at? Was this his attempt to lure her to the dark side? Did he think she was that easy to manipulate? Maybe this whole thing was his attempt to exact his influence on her subtly since asking her directly had backfired on him as that pretty scar on his face proved. Maybe the hotel and the nice food were his attempt to prey on everything she never had and use it against her. He had been in her head after all. Maybe she had overestimated her ability to read him. What if he was perfectly capable of deceiving her and was putting on an act? The act of a soft, gentle man who liked to buy his sweetheart a gift. “Because I want to,” he snapped. “I’m your enemy!” “We aren’t enemies. Not now. Not until our truce ends in nine days.” His bit his lip, averting his gaze to his boots. “If you don’t wish to wear it, I will take it back.” There it was again, the note of dejection in his voice as if it was going to truly upset him should she reject his gift. Rey’s throat felt too tight to breathe. She inhaled deeply, her scattered thoughts clearing into the thread of reassurance that this was going to end soon. They had both agreed to this, and she could leave any time, but chose to stay. It wasn’t worth it to start a fight with Ren over this. “No,” she said eventually, “You don’t have to take it back. I would like to keep...your present. Thank you.” He regarded her warily before he handed the case over. They stood silently at the side of the stall in their own small niche. Rey’s breath stuttered in her lungs when she looked upon the necklace again. It was truly gorgeous. Ren took the case from her hands as she carefully fumbled to clasp the chain around her neck. It took her four tries until the hook clicked into place, and the pendant rested comfortably on her breastbone. The swirling unease and wariness in her belly melted away, and seldom-felt giddiness enveloped her body. Her lips curved into a bright smile. Every little move she made gave the milky white stones a different kind of shimmer. “So beautiful.” She stroked the tiny stones with a finger, marvelling at how the emeralds seemed to dazzle. “Lovely,” Ren breathed. After two additional hours of strolling through the market, Rey's stomach had started to growl, loudly enough that Ren had picked it up over the noise of the people. He had insisted on returning to the hotel and having their lunch at the restaurant again, but this time Rey had persisted and stood her ground. As tempting as it was to try more of the food at the fancy restaurant, she would provide them their meal now. After much deliberation, Rey had simply scoured through the holonet to pick a reasonably priced diner with good food and ended up going with one that specialized in sandwiches. Ren had suggested that they could take their food to go and eat it at a nearby park he knew to be beautiful. The thermal basket was heavy on her lap and had cost her more credits than the sandwiches it was keeping warm inside. The vibrations of the air taxi's machinery coaxed her into a brief interlude of relaxation, the beautiful pendant she didn't have the heart to take off yet resting heavily against her skin. Ren kept stealing glances at her, his cheek propped up lazily on his palm as his eyes roved over the skylane with feigned disinterest. The trip was over too soon, and before Ren could say anything about it, Rey handed her credit chip to the pilot. Ren was waiting for her with a scowl on his face, arms crossed, muscles bulging, and it was just unfair . Rey gulped down the heat that threatened to envelop her body. She gripped the basket with both of her hands before she ended up doing something crude. She licked her lips. There would be time for that later. Heavy, large iron gates loomed in front of them. What kind of gardens were these supposed to be? Secluded and hidden away behind closed doors. A prickle of unease ran down her neck, but the droid at the gates was entirely unmenacing and impeccably polite, reminding her eerily of Threepio, and took and scanned Ren's credit chip without further ado. What? She blinked. “You have to pay to see the park?” she hissed, eyes narrowing. Unperturbed, Ren shrugged. “It's a private property that has been passed down from mother to daughter for hundreds of generations. They put a lot of effort and resources into maintaining the plants on a filthy planet like Coruscant.” “Why didn't we just go to a public park then? I'm sure there are some in Galactic City. There's no need--” “It'll be worth it.” The gates creaked open with the rhythmic pulling of heavy chains, and Rey felt herself catapulted into a story told ages ago on a planet lost to time. Her breath stilled in her lungs and her grip on the basket loosened. She barely noticed Ren pulling her over the threshold by her elbow, hazel eyes wide and awed. A path of sand and purple petals stretched in front of them as more petals gently rained down on them from above. Flowers in shades of mauve, lavender and cream and violet and pink cascaded around and above them. A tunnel of flowers to lead the way. Rey breathed in their sweet scent, smiled at the petals that fell on her head. How was this place real? “And?” Ren regarded her with a smug tilt of his head, an eyebrow raised. “This place is beautiful!” Rey exclaimed, grinning widely, and then continued, more subdued, “and maybe worth paying for.” “I told you.” “Shut up.” Ren's eyes twinkled with mirth. They found a grassy patch to sit just under another impressive dome of pink wisterias. The basket rested between them as she took a moment to breathe in the clean filtered fresh air, and the sweet scent of lovely flowers. Ren's long legs were sprawled in front of him, dark lashes fluttering when he closed his eyes with a sigh. Rey pressed the button of the thermal basket and the lid snapped open with a hiss. Her nostrils were invaded by the smell of the warm bread and roasted meat. Her mouth watered as she made a random grab for one of the sandwiches and tossed another one to Ren. Rey tore through the wrapping viciously before she took a large bite from the bread. She let out a moan. It tasted nothing like the breakfast they had at the restaurant, but the roasted thick-cut carved nuna meat was delicious nonetheless, with the sweet Blimm mustard melting on her tongue and the crisp vegetables crunching between her teeth. She didn't know how she could go back to eating the food at the Resistance base after having a taste of this. Maybe there was a planet close by to D'Qar that sold food like this. Rey wolfed her sandwich down in just a few bites, nearly choking around a chunk of nuna when it got stuck in her throat. She coughed into her palm, her throat burning, but then there was a bottle of Blumberry juice held towards her. Ren quirked an eyebrow as Rey took the bottle gratefully, washing the rest of her sandwich down with the sticky sweet nectar. “Thank you,” she rasped, pounding her hand against her heart. “Don't mention it,” he said, his lips twitching. Rey stretched her legs out in front of her before she took the next sandwich out of the basket, discreetly looking at Ren. He was a slow eater, something she hadn't noticed as much back in the restaurant because she had been too busy marveling at the feast in front of her. The bites he took were small, meticulous, prim even, and entirely at odds with a man of his build and stature. She was well halfway through her gartro egg sandwich with tangy emulsauce, Boontaspiced mustard, taba leaves and Serrian salt before he was nearly done with his first. “What's in yours?” she asked, wiping some of the sauce from the corner of her mouth, too gratified to feel self-conscious about her eating manners. He swallowed before he spoke. “Nerf steak with nebula onions,” he said smoothly. Rey couldn't hide her longing look entirely. “Would you like to have a bite?” There really wasn't much more to have than the last bite of the sandwich, but Rey nodded regardless, unable to resist the spicy aroma. She didn't even get a chance to extend her hand as Ren scooted closer, holding the portion up to her mouth. “Open up.” And Rey did, a little cautious and a little confused why she let him feed her. Nevertheless, she was still unabashedly loud when she chewed, wishing she had ordered at least two samples of the same sandwich. “Would you like some of my gartro sandwich?” she asked just to be polite, and was surprised when he nodded and bent his head down to take a bite. Her heart skipped a beat and Rey made sure to ignore the way it began to beat frantically in her chest cavity. Ren chewed slowly, the space between his brows creasing. “What?” She hid her faint smile behind the bread. “Don't you like it, Lord Ren?” “It's alright,” he said, voice gruff, looking vaguely bashful, but then rummaged through the basket for another sandwich. Their meal passed mostly in silence, but for once it didn't put her on edge. The Bond was warm and open, peaceful, and Rey couldn't remember the last time she had felt so relaxed and happy and unburdened. Even if her temporary Not Enemy was right beside her, the war was only a small fleck of discomfort at the edge of her thoughts. It was hard to think about the First Order and the Resistance, when she was surrounded by flowers and was wearing a beautiful piece of jewelry she would have never hoped to ever possess. Her belly was full, but she couldn't stop eating. Another novelty, eating because she enjoyed food, because she simply could eat, still full of appetite even if her hunger had abated. Nobody was there to unfairly limit her meals, nobody that attempted to make her pliable by withholding precious sustenance. She and Ren kept feeding each other small bits and pieces of their food, and Rey found the Endorian chicken sandwich with crisp green pepper and spicy drezzle sauce he was eating particularly delicious. After the fifth bite she had asked for, he had sighed and offered to switch with her. Rey grinned and thrust the cooling buns with the cooling fillet of flaky frella fish and sea cabbage into his large palms. Seafood didn't appeal to her apparently, even if she had liked the taste of the Iskalonian tartar sauce. The air had cooled down a little by the time they were done, leaving the basket completely empty. Her belly was bloated, her limbs heavy as her eyes kept drifting shut with comfortable drowsiness. They were both lazily sprawled out on the ground, watching the dome of wisterias above them, artificial light filtering through the petals, warming her face. The Bond was like a pleasant caress, loose and sloppy, mirroring their mutual lethargy. There had always been a storm of emotions between them, but now there was nothing but peace. She wanted to capture this moment and hold it close to her heart and never give it away. It was a treacherous admission that her mind allowed to slip through her defenses weakened by good food and pretty flowers, the gleaming stones dangling from her neck, and a man who had worshipped her body with his hands and mouth. Only nine days to go, and it would all end. She heaved a heavy sigh, any contentedness slipping out of her as her throat grew tight and clotted with unease. She chanced a glance towards Ren, only to find his eyes closed, his large hands folded over his stomach. He wasn’t asleep exactly. She would have known, but his breathing was even, his face peaceful, his lips looking utterly kissable. It was tempting to crawl over and to mount him right here and now among a canopy of green and pink and purple. They hadn’t tried that position yet which was entirely unfair, but she didn’t want to disturb him. Not yet at least. Instead she unzipped her satchel and pulled out her holopad, inserting the datachip. The holo flared to life and Rey diligently scrolled through her list of new texts before she settled on The First Great Schism . Her first impression of the book had been correct. The author weaved a tale of love and deception, about Awdrysta Pina and Xendor fighting over an unnamed woman instead of fundamental disagreements about the structure and rules of the Jedi Order. Rey was certain that the woman in question was probably supposed to be Arden Lyn, Xendor’s partner and lover, but Pina’s holocron hadn’t implied that he himself felt anything even remotely romantic or friendly towards her. Annoyance spiked within her as she kept reading despite her better judgment, and it was only when Ren’s voice cut through the tranquil air that she wrenched her bleary eyes away from the holo. “Xendor?” Ren said, squinting at the flickering wall of text in front of her. “Ah, the Legions of Lettow and the First Great Schism as written by someone who claims to be an expert on an event that has been mostly lost to history and can only be reconstructed with limited sources,” he scoffed. “Why are you reading that?” “Because I bought it,” she said, eyes narrowing. “Even if I wasn’t expecting it to be very educational, I’m a little annoyed that it’s like--” she waved her hand around, frustrated. “They didn’t even try to find out the truth.” “Yeah! I mean even back on Jakku when I thought the Jedi and the Force were only myths, I wanted to know everything. And I thought if you want to write a book about such ancient history, you’d put more effort into it to get things as right as possible and to reflect the truth of it.” “Not everyone is like you,” he said as he turned around to lie on his stomach, reducing the space between them. He laid his cheek upon his arms. His lips twitched into a small smile, and warmth crawled over her cheeks in response. “Not everyone is so diligent and inquisitive as you are. Most people are looking for the fastest way to milk our sacred history for credits. The truth doesn’t matter, and they are not interested in dissecting the sources they have at their disposal. The truth is a relative concept anyway when it comes to events so far in the past. We can only make our own deductions based on holocrons and ancient texts.” Rey nodded vigorously, excitement flaring in her belly. “Exactly. I have studied Awdrysta Pina’s holocron and he seems equally impressed by and resentful of Xendor and his defection from the order. But it made me wonder what exactly was Xendor thinking? Because everything I know about his motives are things that I know because of Pina’s accounts of him, and Pina seemed almost gleeful at the prospect of… of slaughtering Xendor? Maybe there was a more personal reason why these two feuded. The book suggests it might have been because of a woman, but I doubt it.” “Oh?” Ren quirked an eyebrow, raising his head from the nest of his broad arms. “Why?” “Because Pina never mentions a woman in a romantic light. He only drops the name of Arden Lyn because she was Xendor’s partner. I think Pina would have been more forthcoming in his personal journal about something like this.” “Ah, but what if his journal isn’t a simple relic that has weathered time, but something he has intentionally left behind for posterity? Maybe he deliberately didn’t mention her because he wanted to be remembered as the Jedi who justified his crusade against the Legions of Lettow with moral reasons, and not because he was infatuated with a woman.” He shrugged. Rey smiled. “It almost sounds like you’re inclined to believe he started a war for a woman.” “Why are you so sure it wasn’t because of that?” he asked, sitting up. The easy warm current between them suddenly shifted, sizzling with tension. The collar of her tunic felt suddenly too tight, her clothes a prison for her overheated body as he scooted closer to her. “Do you really think it is that unfeasible?” He raised his hand and pushed her hair behind her ear. Rey gulped, her blood boiling in her veins as her skin tingled at his touch. Her tongue was thick and clumsy in her mouth, words that had been pouring out of her with certainty and confidence got stuck in her throat. Ren cupped her cheek, his fingers warm and gentle on her face. “I…” she trailed off, her eyes flickering back and forth from his smouldering gaze down to his plump lips. Her brain was useless and her body was already attuned to the shift in the Bond, to the unmistakable intent in his eyes and the heat that curled around her body. The tips of her fingers itched with the urge to claw his shirt off, to make him lie flat on his back and let her have her way with him. “I really want to kiss you right now,” he whispered, eyelashes fluttering. His thumb stroked over the seam of her parted lips. “What are you waiting for then?” Rey put her holopad on the patch of grass next to her without sparing it a glance. Her heart hammered in her chest as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Kylo Ren kissed her as if she was the first drop of water he had come across after aimlessly wandering through a vicious desert. Notes: I imagined Rey's new satchel to look like this in green of course. And the pretty new necklace Kylo got for Rey like this The flower tunnel Rey and Kylo have their picnic is based on the Wisteria Tunnel in the Kawachi Fuji Gardens in Japan. About the First Great Schism : Xendor and Awdrysta Pina most definitely did not fight over a woman. It was pretty much about differing ideologies and stuff like that, but considering how much of actual Jedi history is lost in the Star Wars universe I imagine things being super murky for the general public as well. I just wanted Rey and Kylo to connect intellectually as well and what better way is there than them debating the validity of a biased holocron as a historical source?