When you had signed your contract papers sealing your fate for the next two years to the First Order you had a glimmer of hope that some of the things the recruiters had told you would be true. They had shown up at your school on your backwater planet, offering adventure and lucrative sign-on bonuses. You had agreed, having just completed clinical rotations with not much opportunity at home. After initial orientation a week ago and indicating no preference to where you were placed, you were assigned to the Finalizer’s sick bay. There were strange things that came in that you hadn’t seen previously- shortness of breath and airway restriction with no identifiable cause, vertical burns that had been completely cauterized at the base, and droves of officers with severe anxiety. It was like a black cloud hung over the ship. You had never been able to put your finger on the exact source. 'I hope I never do', you thought as a chill ran down your spine. “He’s late.” Nurse Oram said, tapping his monitor with the black pen he was holding. You looked up from your datapad humming in response. It was slow in the med bay today, you hoped that you didn’t have a no show appointment. “Ren” Oram said in response. “KYLO Ren?” Oram rolled his eyes. “He’s a walking disaster. Because he’s still recovering from his injuries, he’s half the reason why we’ve been s-“ “Don’t SAY IT!” Doctor Reyes called, looking over her screen to interrupt. You chuckled- saying things were slow was like holding open the floodgates and inviting the water in to drown you. “I got a bad feeling about this,” Oram said, chewing on the other side of his pen. You blinked a couple of times, giving Oram an inquisitive glace. He sighed. “Ever since Starkiller-“ His voice began to quaver a bit. You knew Oram had lost friends in the explosion and hurt was still fresh for him. He continued, “…they found him nearly dead laying in the snow. He needed 10 units of RBC’s in 48 hours- multiple stab wounds that took forever to stop bleeding and nasty gash on his face. When he came to three days later, he ripped his IV out and checked out AMA. Hasn’t been back in three weeks. He’s used every Emdee droid we’ve sent to him for target practice. We need SOME kind of follow up with him”. “Well, guess we’ll have to track him down. AGAIN.” Oram said, folding his arms with a grimace. You squinted at him, trying to puzzle your co-worker’s expressions together. “Oh? Shouldn’t be a problem. You want me to go, or do you want to take this one?” You asked, making a notation in the scheduling app that you would be going to Ren’s quarters to follow up with him. The appointment was a long one. You tried to review his chart and found yourself blocked from access…curious. How were you supposed to know what you were walking into? The corner of Oram’s mouth tugged up. “We don’t get along much. Maybe you can try your luck with him and see how things go?” You shrugged, “Sure. See you in a bit? Hopefully I won’t be gone too long.” You grabbed the wound care kit stashed in a locker next to the med bay doors, making sure there was extra supplies stocked. With your data pad in your arms, you beamed a sheepish smile at the team in your pod. “Wish me luck?” After a few long, lonely hallways and a few awkward lift trips with storm troopers and technicians, you found yourself on the officer’s living quarters deck. You looked down at the datapad in your hands that had been guiding you. Stopping in front of a plainly marked door, you stepped forward expecting it to open. You were surprised when you felt the cold durasteel hit your nose, mashing your glasses against your face. You huffed a curse, dropping the kit to the floor to rub your aching face with your newly freed hand. You could feel your eyes involuntarily water as pain radiated from your nose. You looked up, and were startled by what you suddenly saw in front of you. A tall, dark figure with a glinting silver mask stared down at you. You let out a yelp of surprise, stumbling back, almost tripping backwards against the box you had dropped. You re-gained your footing, feeling your cheeks fill with color as you looked at the…thing in front of you. You had seen Kylo Ren on propaganda material from the Order but you didn’t expect him to be so intimidating and…large. You almost jumped out of your skin at the sound of the synthesized vocoder when he spoke to you. "Well? I don’t have all day.” He turned with a flourish, swiftly re-entering the room. You swallowed, noticing how dry your mouth had become in a matter of seconds. Taking a deep inhale, you grabbed your kit and followed him inside. You looked around the room- mostly bare in shades of grey except for a few black and steel colored furnishings. A small kitchenette, a couch, a table with a few chairs, all empty. You looked around, confused where he went when you heard him speak to again. “In here.” You followed the clipped tone to a room with a few Spartan furnishings and one tall, dark, faceless monster sitting on a bed with rumpled sheets. “Commander Ren?” You asked, desperately clutching the datapad in one hand, the wound care kit with another, knuckles turning white. You could hardly hear yourself over the rushing of blood through your ears. He stared at you, not making the effort to acknowledge you. Well, so much for identifying your patient. His intense gaze felt like it was piercing little holes in you. You felt a pressure settle over your head briefly, making your ears ring briefly . Your thoughts went blank as you felt an uncomfortable dull ache in between your eyes. Kriffing hells this whole thing made you nervous. You closed your eyes for a second, trying to focus your thoughts through the fog and re-group. Slowly opening your eyes, “You missed your appointment in the med bay for wound care. I’m here to change your dressings and take a look at how you’re healing.” He continued to stare at you, soundlessly. “I’ll…have to take a look at how t-things are going, if you don’t mind…” You stuttered, feeling heat beginning to gather underneath the collar of your scrubs. You watched him for a moment. Nothing. “I can leave to give you some privacy if you’d like while you un-“ “That won’t be necessary”. He said, standing up suddenly. After a long moment he reached to his belt, un-clamping it. He tossed it on the bed behind him. You watched in fascination as he removed his gloves, revealing pale, human hands. You noted well-manicured nails but calloused finger pads and dry fingers reaching up to undo layers of body armor, placed on the bed. As he reached over his helmet to pull his undershirt off, your eyes widened a fraction at your surprise. Yes, Kylo Ren was definitely a human male covered in multiple scars and moles scattered like stars on his pale frame. A large, red mark followed up his right shoulder and neck in to his helmet. You noted two large saturated bandages on his left shoulder and left side. Rippling muscles were almost occluded by the hasty gauze wrapping job that had been applied - was that hiding an eight pack?! You didn’t think that he would live up to the rumors you’ve heard started by radar technicians in the cantinas at Starkiller. You felt heat rush to your face…positive by now that you had worked up a sweat. You licked your bottom lip, biting it between your teeth. Yes, you were going to put your hands on that. You felt heat uncurl low in your abdomen and felt a wave of shame wash over you simultaneously. 'What’s wrong with you?' You thought, chiding yourself, ' You’ve seen patients undress a thousand times, stop it!' You heard a low rumble that almost sounded like chuckle as he pulled off his boots and un-fastened his pants, slowly bringing them over his powerful legs. He stepped out of them, neatly folding them. He sat down again on the bed, looking directly at you, clothed with only his mask and first-regulation black undershorts that almost reached halfway down his thighs. You felt a vague sense of smug amusement radiate off him - almost like he was preening. “Do you have any other wounds anywhere that will need treatment?” You asked, knowing full well the answer to that question. If what Oram had said was true, you would definitely have to make your best attempt to assess and treat it. “Any further disrobing is not needed.” He said with an irritated edge to his voice. 'Too bad, I would have liked to see what the face of a monster looks like,' you thought, smiling at him knowingly. “That’s up to you, but I would recommend that at some point we have a look- I suspect from the wound on your right shoulder you may have sustained some further damage and we want to make sure that we’re doing everything we can to make sure you’re as healthy as possible and your healing is going as expected. Otherwise, this puts you at risk for things such as infection or tissue death, which can make you ill and unable to perform your duties. We would like to avoid that.” You replied. “The helmet stays” he snapped. You shrugged. You weren’t going to fight the right-hand man of the organization you worked for over a helmet, it was on him if the skin on his face rotted off from infection. “We’re here anytime you change your mind. Let’s get started?” You said, holding your kit in front of you. He made no effort to position himself or offer you a seat to make this easier for you. You knelt at his side, opening your kit and started to take out replacements for the soiled bandages and a few other things you might need for cleaning and if there was extra…stuff in those wounds. You highly suspected there might be. “How have you been caring for your wounds?” You asked. “I’ve been applying bacta, and then putting the bandages on top. Really, it’s healing fine. I’m not even sure why med bay sent you,” He snapped. You nodded, sanitized your hands with the gel in the kit, tugging exam gloves on. You reached up gingerly toward his left shoulder, gently peeling away the bandage. He hissed through the vocoder. You hastily grabbed a pack of adhesive remover, edging the rest of the bandage off carefully. You fell in to a sort of peaceful silence as you removed both bandages, examining the large amount brown drainage present. “Have you been very physically active lately?” You asked, turning the bandage from his left abdomen over in your hands. He nodded once. “The Supreme Leader has required that I continue training,”He droned. “I’m glad you’re well enough to feel like you can begin to train again, but your body needs rest to heal. I’m not sure of what your training schedule is, but try to incorporate periods of rest with activity.” You said noncommittally, folding the bandages in half. Wetting the cleansing sponges with cleaning solution, you reached carefully with one towards his left gash that had been left uncovered, pressing down with light strokes to try and debride the charred tissue. “Harder.” You cocked your head to the side, raising an eyebrow. “I don’t want to hurt you.” “What are you implying?” He said, his voice harsh and raspy through the mask. You saw his fists clench at his sides. You shook your head in a panic, “Oh, nothing Commander-“ “Good. HARDER.” You gulped, applying progressively more pressure to his skin. He began to lean in to your touch. Deeming the wound clean without having started bleeding again, you turned your attention to the ones on the other side. He kept leaning in to your space like he had before- you had the impression of a sense of loss coming from him. You grabbed a new sponge and started working on the one located next to his shoulder. This one was covered in the same charred material, except it went deeper, much like the one lower in his abdomen. You scrubbed as hard as you could at both of them, removing dead skin. Kylo Ren huffed through the vocoder, clutching at the bedsheets desperately as you worked. You bit your bottom lip, trying not to pay too much attention to his response. Was he in pain or was he enjoying this? You stole a glace down to his boxers. What you saw used all of the self-control you currently had not to react- you could see what looked like the beginnings of a hard-on growing inside of the left leg of his undergarments. You scrubbed harder for a couple of seconds, eliciting a gasp from the warrior before pulling away to discard your soiled cleaning supplies. Taking a deep breath, you took the swabs to probe the wound in one hand and the measuring tape in another. You sat close- almost too close to him, as you brought the measuring tape up to his wounds. He smelled intoxicating, like wood smoke and a musky smell you couldn’t quite put your finger on. You tapped your watch a couple of times, enabling the device to allow you to dictate your documentation. You took your measurements of the right shoulder gash. “This might hurt a bit- tell me if it’s too much,” you said, gently inserting the probe in to his right shoulder wound. Not too deep. Discarding the probe, you took the other one in your hand, getting down in front of him on your knees. You inserted the probe with a bit more pressure. He jerked back, gasping when you pressed in further. Noting the depth, you reached for a bio-foam that would serve as a filler and maintain moisture and a top layer. In a brief glance downwards you saw that the erection he had in fact had not gone down, but had turned in to a rock-hard, thick rod you could swear was almost the size of your forearm, hugging his thighs. All of a sudden the room became about 50 degrees hotter (or so you could swear), your mouth involuntarily salivating. You felt a compulsion to reach out and touch him. In the back of your brain, some desire to yank his shorts down and fully inspect his genitalia with your mouth came over you. You recoiled at your own dirty imaginings. After years of patient care, WHY all of a sudden was your body responding like this to something as inconsequential as an erection? He tilted his helm to the side, looking down at you. “How unprofessional. Control your thoughts, or I will have to control them for you." You felt your stomach drop through your feet with a cold chill. Could he…? Did he…just hear your thoughts? 'No. No,nonononono. Keep it together. Get in, get out, and get back to med bay ,' you told yourself to steel your nerves. Part frightened out of your mind and part turned on, you wondered if that wouldn’t be such a bad thing. What would being controlled by this man be like? Maybe control of your thoughts would mean freedom from these things you were feeling. Or not. You're almost certain he would punish you for this. What would his large hands be like, slapping your bare cheeks to discipline you for your insolence? Would he soothe you by running along the curves of your body? Make it up to you by massaging the wetness dripping between your legs until you came over and over again, screaming his name? What would his powerful arms feel like around you, holding your legs over his shoulder as he mercilessly ravaged you with his thick cock? Kylo leaned in, his hand painfully gripping the bottom of your chin, forcing you to look up at him. He hummed, softly sweeping his thumb over your lower lip. You trembled at the contact, certain that either way he was about to do something that would destroy you. “Filthy thing. Do you think these things about all of your patients?” Cursing your traitorous body you clenched your jaw in defiance at him. He chuckled, tenderly tucking a loose hair that had fallen behind your ear. You tried to move, finding you were frozen in place. Alarm bells went off in your head as you attemped to stuggle against the invisible hold. “Please…let me go-“ You choked, surprised that your lips could still move. He ghosted his hands over your forehead, down the middle of your face, sweeping them across your collarbones, down to your breasts. You felt a trail of fire where his hands touched- your body aching for more. You could feel your nipples pebble instantly at his touch. He leaned down, his mask buried in the crook of your neck. “So responsive.” He muttered. His hands drifted down your sides, making your breath hitch in your throat. You continued to struggle against him, his hands continuing to move lower to the inside of your thighs. “No, Commander, please!” You gasped, almost in tears. He stopped abruptly, sitting upright, almost as if he was listening to a voice only he could hear. You felt your invisible bonds crumble. Free from his grasp, you quickly applied the bandages to his other wounds while he was momentarily distracted. You fumbled as you tore your gloves off and sanitized your hands with too much antibacterial gel. You threw the remaining supplies in the container and shot up, suddenly very aware of the wetness that had been growing between your legs. “I-I’ll have a d-droid come by with extra b-bandages and instructions, if you’ll excuse me-“ You stammered. Grabbing your kit you rushed out of his room. Once you cleared the doors you broke out in to a full run to the lift, jamming the button several times to go back down to the floor where you could transfer to the med bay lift. As the lift opened, you slipped inside as fast as humanely possible, frantically jabbing the button to close the doors. You could have sworn you heard someone stomping down the hall towards you. You heart began to beat rapidly out of your chest as the door slowly closed, beginning the descent down to the lower levels of the ship. You sunk to the floor, almost sobbing in relief. You hoped that you wouldn’t have EVER go back there again. Rounding the corner of the hall in to med bay, you put away your kit and rubbed your face underneath your glasses. Oram poked his head out around the corner, pulling on a disposable isolation gown. He smiled at you with a humorless grin. “You’re back! Do you want the bad news or the bad news?” You sighed. So soon? “Lay it on me,” you motioned with a sweep of your arm. “Bad news is you left your data pad up there.” You swore under your breath. You didn’t think you could be so careless but that wasn’t the worst you could have done in a hurry. “It’s okay newbie, we’ll have the droid retrieve it when we give him the extra supplies. The other bad news is he REALLY liked you and has personally requested you do his dressing changes from now on. He said something about finishing what you started?” You felt the color from your face drain. No. It couldn’t be. You felt your knees go out from under you as you dropped to the floor in disbelief. You’d have to go up there again? SEVERAL more times? Better start writing out my last wishes… Chapter 2 Summary: Reader thinks that setting limits is a priority with Kylo and it goes about as well as you would think Notes: (WOW YOUR COMMENTS ARE AMAZING THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE WHO COMMENTED ON THE LAST CHAPTER I’m just like STUNNED thank you SO MUCH for the feedback!!!) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) To say that it was difficult for you to focus the next day was an incredible understatement. Work was light and you needed to mull how to approach your future appointments with Commander Ren, so you took it on yourself to count medications and check for expireds. Picking up the long, black cylindrical bottle holding styptic sticks, you were reminded instantly of the obscene size of the Commander. You could feel yourself clench at the memory. Your mind drifted to his gentle touch on your thighs. Would you have let him continue to caress you? You remembered what he did to your body. It was wrong, but nobody had ever made you feel that way before. You felt a sense of loathing over your arousal for your patient settle over you like a dark mist. You shook your head with a frown, setting the bottle back in the cabinet, moving on to count the injectable anesthetics. You stopped midway during the count. Had you written down the date on the styptic in the data pad? You scrolled through your list. No…you hadn’t. You also had not counted the antibiotics because earlier you were thinking about running your hands up and down his kriffing lightsaber. You put the datapad down, taking in a deep breath in an attempt to quell your mounting frustration. ‘One thing at a time…’ You thought to yourself, re-counting the antibiotic tablets you missed. Yes. You were going to finish this and then figure out a plan. Touching you like that was absolutely inappropriate. You are a professional and deserve to be respected and treated as such. You had to set limits with him, because it was the right thing to do. Even if your traitorous body secretly found pleasure in his actions. You managed to rummage through the medicine cabinet inventory in an hour. You kept out a couple bottles of cough syrup that had been expired for a few months and brought them to show to Oram, who was playing Sabacc on his datapad. He looked completely oblivious to his surroundings, hunched over with one hand under his chin and the other on his hip, scowling down at his device. You set the bottles in front of him on the table loudly and he didn’t even flinch. You peered over to see how he was doing- it looked like he was losing. Badly. “You’re probably wondering why those are still in there,” He mumbled, still focused on the screen. “Yeah. How do we get rid of these?” You asked, deadpan. He leaned back, smacking his hand down on the countertop. You flinched slightly in alarm, backing a step away. “Oh, no-no. I’m sorry. I just lost is all. I’m sorry, (y/n), it’s nothing you did,” He apologized, holding his hands up in the air. “We just toss those in the black medication bins in the dirty room.” You nodded your assent, walking over to the dirty utility rooms. You opened the bins, tossing the bottles in. You lingered a second, your mind filling itself with thoughts of Kylo again. You needed to establish limits with him but you almost didn’t want to. In fact, you briefly imagined him storming in behind you, wrapping his hands around your throat, and snaking his hand down the front of your scrub pants . He would whisper to you and tell you what a naughty thing you had been, thinking you could leave before he was finished with you. You could hear his modulated voice reprimand you for even daring to give him orders. You shook your head, trying to erase the thought from your memory. You turned around to sanitize your hands, jumping and yelping out loud- seeing your coworker there had startled you. You had not noticed your co-worker come in behind you. Oram’s mouth settled in to a line as he took a deep breath in. “Are you okay, (y/n)?” You looked away from him, pumping a handful of sanitizer in to your hands. You looked down at the floor as you wringed your hands together to dry it – perhaps a moment too long. “I’ve been thinking… I need to set better limits with my patients…” You said carefully, looking up at him slowly. He folded his arms and leaned up against the door frame. “Oh?” He said, eyebrows lifting. “I have this one patient where I was doing some wound care on and...they…ahh…had some trouble keeping their hands to themselves,” You said slowly. Nurse Oram was giving you a focused look - you could see a glint of instant recognition in his eyes. He knew exactly who you were talking about. “So, next time that happens, what are you going to do?” He asked. “I…need to tell him that it’s not appropriate but I’m not sure how it will go over,” You said. He hummed in agreement, nodding his head. He stood up. “Next time that happens, you tell him to stop or you’ll have to stop providing care, and then if he continues then you get up and leave. It’s that simple,” He said, gesturing that you go through the doorway. “If this is who I think it is, his word isn’t law around here. I know he requested you, but we can send someone else up, and if that doesn’t work out then we’ll work out another plan. Don’t worry, things will work out.” He said, grabbing your shoulders and rubbing reassuring circles in to them. You slumped your back with a heavy sigh. You could only pray to whatever benevolent being there was that he was right, though you had a sinking feeling things were only going to get worse. The next day was much busier in Med Bay- you had been assigned to caring for patients in four treatment rooms – the heaviest assignment you have had so far. The datapad you had in your pockets buzzed several times while you were in a treatment room talking with a storm trooper about a recent episode of shortness of breath and struggling for air. You introduced yourself and shook her hand, briefly looking down at her fingers and silently counting to yourself as your let her hand go. ' Nail beds pink, less than three second capillary refill. Skin is warm and dry'. “So, tell me what happened.” “Well…I was on patrol on the upper deck half an hour ago and I walked by one of the empty conference rooms where I heard some really awful loud noises – it sounded like the wall was being torn apart. There were sparks flying out the room. I suddenly couldn’t breathe and I don’t remember much after that. I think I passed out. I woke up against the wall and my squad commander insisted I come down here. “ During your conversation the datapad in your scrub jacket had noisily gone off several times. “I’m really sorry about the noise,” you mumbled, cleaning off your stethoscope. She smiled weakly, nodding her head. 'S mile is bilateral, able to move chin to chest without difficulty. Lips and skin are pink'. “Oh, I don’t mind.” ' Good, speech is clear' . You were just finishing listening to her lungs and putting the pulse oximeter on her finger when Nurse Jorda flung the curtains of open dramatically with a dazzling smile. “Hi there FN-2476! My name’s Jorda, I’ll be taking over for (y/n), it’s nice to meet you! I’ll just need a word with (y/n) and I’ll be right in.” She flashed you a look, curling her finger at you. You politely excused yourself, following Jorda out of the room. “What’s up? I’m almost done- do we have more incoming?” You asked, taking out your pad to document your assessment. She shook her head. “No. Orders from the top. Commander Ren wants to see you for his dressing change.” You gulped. The instructions you had sent said you would see him in a week, it had only been two days since you saw him last. “It’s too early. Did he say why?” You were sure your eyes were bright beacons of panic. “No, but he doesn’t sound happy. He’s been trying to get you up there for the last hour. We’ll cover for you until you come back. Where are you at right now?” She asked, taking out her data pad. You selected your four rooms, transferring them over to her. “Room 6’s assessment is just about done. She’s here for unexplained shortness of breath. Sats, and CMS are good, lungs are clear and strong bilaterally, no current dyspnea. Doc needs to go see her next. Room 8 and 3 don’t really need anything- they’re about ready to go so we’re just waiting on discharge instructions. Room 12 came in for a migraine- they just stopped vomiting after we got the anti-emetic on board 20 minutes ago. I was going to round back in a few to check on them to see how they’re doing and to re-assess their pain. Thank you. I’ll try to come back as soon as I can.” You walked down the long, quiet dark hallway with somber, thoughtful steps; a stark contrast to the panic at which you had fleed down them days before. “Here we go. Just breathe…” You thought, tightening your fist around the wound care kit in your hands. This time, you stopped in front of Lord Ren’s door instead of walking face first in to it. You closed your eyes to focus yourself. Yes. You were going to go in for wound care, give instructions, and address the inappropriate behavior that had occurred at your previous visit. You would leave without incident. He was going to be accountable for his actions. “Sleeping on the job?” Your eyes few open in shock to see Kylo Ren standing before you again, your nose inches in front of his chest. You slowly peered up at him, seeing your face in the reflection off the visor of his mask. “Come.” He said, turning on his heels. His robes whirled about him as he took long strides to his bedroom. You followed him, watching him stop in front of the foot of his bed. “I’ll have to have you undress for me if you need me to take a look at your injuries, Commander,” You said evenly. “I require your assistance with this.” You looked him up and down skeptically- if he was able to dress earlier why did he need you to help now? “That was not a request.” He tightened his gloved hands at his sides, the leather creaking from the friction. The sound of it made heat curl in your low abdomen. Oh no. “Are you having difficulty with lifting your arms? “ You bent your knees down, setting the kit on the floor at your side. You stepped forward and scanned his garment – you didn’t even know where to begin. You reached out with shaking hands to search the front of his belt. His arms shot out from his sides, grabbing your wrists tightly. He pulled your hands to his belt buckle, guiding your fingers to the snaps so they could release them. His belt fell to the floor with a loud clatter. He moved your hand up to his chest to unfasten the layers of body armor that clung to him. You frowned as you tried to pull his undertunic off him, finding the clothing was stuck to him at his right shoulder. “Pull.” He said. His arms held up lamely in front of him, the black fabric pooled up near his neck. You shook your head in disagreement. “Doing this would further damage your skin, Commander and-“ “Do not make me ask you again,” his voice rumbled, low and dangerous. You felt your knees weaken and your face flush at the threat. What the force was wrong with you? He could destroy you – hack you to pieces like the droids Med Bay had sent. You could end up as a charred, smoking pile of flesh on his floor and his threats were doing THIS to you? “Let me at least wet your shirt first so it doesn’t-“ You were about to turn to open your kit when he pulled the shirt off his body with a loud growl, throwing it to the floor. You looked at the red, glistening skin of his right shoulder, starting to ooze down his well-defined bicep. Your eyes trailed down his chiseled figure. He didn’t have the special bandages you had sent with the droid to his room, but dried gauze stuck directly on to his skin on his left shoulder and lower left abdomen. They were soaked entirely through with patches of black and bright red- almost as if the wound had opened again and had been actively bleeding. You sucked in air and held your breath, biting your lip. This was going to take you at least an hour tops to remove, assess, and bandage him. You picked your kit up, walking towards him. He sat down on the foot of his bed, his mask pointed directly at you. You sat on the edge of the bed with him, opened your kit, and began to pull out supplies. You watched the rise and fall of his chest out of the corner of your eyes, sanitizing your hands and pulling on gloves. “The bandages that are stuck to your side will have to be gently taken off or you will sustain further damage to your skin,” you said, opening a vial of saline solution. He took the vial from your hand, tossing it across the room. You heard a clucking noise come from him. Your eyes widened in disbelief, you couldn’t believe he just did that! “What a shame. Remove them.” You gently took the edge of the dried gauze, trying to pry it free. It was stuck to him pretty good- it was no use. “You aren’t here to waste my time.” You could hear the annoyance in his tone creeping in. You couldn’t possibly comprehend someone wanting to have their flesh ripped open. You were confused as to why he was so eager. Your mind flashed back to your last visit when he had requested you scrub his wounds harder- could it be that he enjoyed the pain? 'Fine, if this is what you want' . You took the edge of the gauze firmly between your thumb and forefinger and ripped it off in one smooth motion. Kylo Ren just about howled, hunching forward. You looked down at the bandage between your fingers, seeing layers of half-healed skin and purulent drainage marled together. You grabbed sterile gauze from your kit, applying pressure to the weeping, open area. “Again,” He heaved, breathing audible through his mask. You repeated the motion and he doubled over, crying out. His large, gloved hands reached out for you, gripping your upper arms. His panting slowed, his grip on you loosening. “Are you…okay to continue?” You asked. You never took your eyes off his torso, afraid of what you would see if you looked down. You reached for your measuring unit, sponge, and cleanser. He nodded curtly. You began to cleanse the wound on his right shoulder, applying the firm pressure that he had requested at last visit. Good thing that he didn’t seem to mind the pain, there was a substantial amount of slough. You could hear a low sound coming from him, punctuated every time you scrubbed his shoulder harder. You took measurements, and applied the bacta-permeated strip to the length of the gash on his shoulder. The wound on his lower abdomen was not as bad as the infection starting to brew in his shoulder- in fact, it was fairly shallow. You cleansed this thoroughly, trying your best to ignore the groaning that would shoot staccato notes of fire down to your core. After dressing this with another bacta-permeated bandage, you examined the shoulder wound – this was the worst of all. It had deteriorated in only the few days you had last examined him. You reached down to grab a swab stick to probe the wound, only to watch them roll off the side of the bed unexplainably. Was there a breeze in the room? A ghost? “The Force.” Kylo answered, almost as if he had been listening to your thoughts. A chill crept up your spine. Just when you thought things couldn’t get any worse, you were about 99.9% sure he had been listening to your thoughts the entire time. To add to it, you would have to measure the depth of his wound with your gloved finger. You bit your lower lip, plunging your index finger in slowly. You could feel his warm flesh surround your glove, feeling the depth to in to the first knuckle. Kylo moaned wantonly, leaning in towards you. You felt an ache between your legs and pressed them together at the obscene noise. This feeling was awful, this situation was awful, and your attempt to ‘set limits’ with him was not only awful but completely off track. You held your finger in for a second before probing around the edges to feel for tunneling. Kylo bucked his hips forward. “Aaaahh…AAAH…oh stars,” he moaned. You went to withdraw your finger from his shoulder, but he reached up and clamped your hand in his, firmly keeping your hand in place. “C-Commander Ren…” You choked, mouth suddenly dry. What was he up to with this? You watched in horror as he withdrew your hand from the wound and plunged it in again. The noise he made as he thrust your finger inside him sounded otherworldly, a gritty sound that reverberated in your chest. He plunged your finger in a third time, rolling his hips with a fluid motion. You were so transfixed by the sight of Kylo using your fingers to penetrate his wound you didn’t notice his hand reaching down to silently unzip his pants. When he sprang himself free he guided your other hand toward his painfully hard erection. You felt your hand touch something soft, firm, and wet. You looked down and almost reeled at the sight of his flushed member, pre-come trailing down in a line the tip of your finger had drawn. You could hear yourself audibly gasp. You just about near choked on your own saliva as he began to wrap your fingers around the velvety skin of his shaft, his massive hand covering yours. “Commander, no, this is- we can’t- I-“ You stammered. He responded by moving your hand with his, beginning to stoke himself with your hand. “You wanted to touch me,” he gasped, rocking his hips slowly forward in to the hand he had so firmly around yours, beginning to establish a rhythm between the finger slipping in and out of his shoulder and the hand wrapped around his cock. “No…sir, I don’t know where you would-“ “Don’t lie to me!” You bit down on your lip hard, suppressing a moan from your arousal at his displeasure. “I see what goes on in your mind. I hear your depraved thoughts. You absolutely reek of desire. You WANT THIS. Don’t deny your feelings,” He said with what you were sure was a confident sneer. You felt bile start to rise in your throat at the realization that he was in fact right. You felt hot shame wash over you at the realization that not only enjoyed touching him, but the sight of him stroking himself with your hand was incredibly arousing. “I-we can’t do this. It’s not right, you need to-“ “Keep my hands to myself? I believe I can allow you this concession”. Kylo began to lean back his elbows. He began to loosen his grip on your hands and you watched with panicked disbelief as your hands continued to simultaneously stroke him and probe his wound. You tried to struggle against it, trying to will yourself to stop. You felt a rush of wetness between your legs as you tried to shimmy your body away from him but it was no use. Your hands moved of their own accord. He groaned loudly, thrusting his hips up to meet the languid pace at which you were stroking him. You could feel your eyes begin to water. It was ripping you apart, the shame and guilt over violating a code of ethics you were supposed to hold yourself staunchly to and the uncontrollable lust flooding your body. Wetness began to trickle down your cheeks in silent drops. He sat up, the invisible grip on your hands lessening – you had control over your body again. You pulled your hands away, looking down at your shaking palms. Kylo took your chin in his fingers gently, smoothing a thumb down your cheek, wiping away a single tear. He leaned in, his mask only inches from your face. “Don’t. Move.” He released you, making his way to the refresher. You could feel yourself reeling from the weight of his words. Your mind went blank. You felt panic overwhelm you- once again subject to invisible bonds. You had not reviewed the part of the contract you signed on what happened to medical staff who had sexual relations with a patient (and a high-ranking officer at that). The First Order was notorious even amongst its members for its strict punishments. You were certain at this point that you were going to be found out and executed by firing squad. Or thrown in to the airlock and ejected in to space. 'I’m going to be six feet under, all because of a hand job,' You let out snort in disbelief. The bonds holding you together instantly relaxed. You flexed your fingers in awe, turning your head as you heard the noise of water running in the refresher. Adrenaline surged through your system- now was your chance to escape, you would figure out the rest later. You left your bandages out of the kit, quickly snapping it together and running out of his bedroom for the main door of his quarters. That did not open for you. You banged a fist on the seam, hoping it was just a jam and some percussion was all that it needed. Hearing the refresher door open, you wildly tried putting in every numerical combination you could think of in the keypad next to the door- your override code for the treatment rooms, your last patient's designation, your mother’s birthday. “Leaving so soon?” You went rigid at the sound of Kylo’s voice, turning your head slowly. Kylo was standing before you fully nude, lazily palming his erection. Your hand fell away from the panel. You felt your jaw go slack, dropping your kit involuntarily down to the floor. Hells, he was gorgeous. You were sure that he was going to be the death of you. Literally. This was it. He was going to have his way with you and throw what was left of you in the trash compactor. As he moved toward you, you heard him chuckle lightly beneath his mask. “Is that just so? Make no mistake that I will ruin you, but not quite the way you imagine." Oh Maker. You felt your knees buckle underneath you. You shook your head. Your spine straightened, looking up at his mask. “I also recall giving you a direct order to not move, yet here you are,” He said softly, crowding you against the door. “We're not finished yet.” Notes: Headcannon: Kylo always washes his hands Notes: Tags will be updated if I decide to write more and burn in hell longer