Prolog Kylo Ren, then known as Ben Solo lived together with his parents in a small village as it started. "Mommy what's happening?" Ben had asked in a sleepy voice, rubbing the sleep of his eyes and clutching to the jacket that belonged to his father. "It's okay Ben go pack your bag we're gonna do a night trip yeah?" Sirens ringed in the distance and Leia looked from Ben to the window where a police car raced down the street. Armitage Hux, was with his father on the way back to his mother and they got stuck on the road. "Farther I'm tired." Muttered Hux under his breath and nearly nodded off again. The street was going awfully slow and he spent the day tensed up under the sharp eyes of his farther. "We will be home soon now quiet I need to concentrate on the road." Hux nodded again and closed his eyes only for seconds, having at least some rest, then the car stopped fully and his father swore he opened his eyes again and saw the people who started to run towards them, slipping past the car. They both knew that something was wrong. They both met in the headquarter of the fireflies 20 years later. Both with secrets they wanna keep in the dark. Chapter 2 Summary: a bit of explaining and a first meeting Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 20 years later Its raining since three days without any sight of clear sky, Armitage has found shelter in an old empty office building and is sleeping peacefully, well as peacefully as one could then the world went to shit and a virus is spreading faster than a bullet drives through a Stalkers fungus parts. He wakes up then he felt a sudden splash water in his face, whirling up he check his surrounding and looked than up, the roof that was looking dangerously close to coming down finally gave in and sent down one hell of masses of rainwater on him. He is lucky he hasn't been crushed by the roof that was crashing down and laying now next him, how he slept through that was a good question. “Great, time to pack up and go elsewhere.” He grunts and gathers his things, a bag that holds barely together at the seams and a self made bow, the few arrows he that are left are covered in blood, dirt or simply close to breaking if he would put any weight to them while drawing his bow, he made a mental note to find tape or anything that could help stabilizing them. Leaning around the corner of the building he sees two Stage 1 infected and sighs quietly, at least they were easier to deal with if it was a Bloater, an fully developed infected person, he would be dead for sure, seeing one time how it ripped someone's jaw off their face was terrible enough. He could deal with Runners. They were easier, still human looking, but that less dangerous than the others. He holds still and listens if there is more than just the two Runners, in the distant he hears a Clicker, great just what he needed, these basterd are annoying to deal with considering they react to the slightest noise. Keeping his head low he makes his way out the building making his way to the web of alleys and thanks the rain for silencing his steps. Hux hears a roaring in the distance and holds still, it gets closer to him and he manages just in time to hide behind a broken wall. Looking over the wall he spots a tank and sighs, this is just what he needed if they grab him he is probably more fucked than infected grabbing him. The light that suddenly flashes in his eyes makes him squint, blinking twice he shields his eyes and let's out a quiet huff when he get pressed against the wall. “A bit scrawny for a bandit aren't we? We can give you shelter at a military point, so move it before we put a bullet in your head.” a voice sneers muffled by the mask that the person is wearing. Hux curses under his breath and follows the order considering he really didn't want to give the military an excuse to waste bullets then they can use them on the real problems crawling on the city. getting shoved into the van that is behind the tank he spots another person and raises his hand in greeting. “You look like shit.” is the reply and he immediately regrets it again. “Try surviving on the streets without a gang and runners here and we will talk again.” hux mutteres back. “Done that, got caught raiding the bandits south from here, the mall? Name is Kylo Ren. “ Kylo, if that was even his real name, holds out his hand towards hux, who slowly takes it and shakes it. “Armitage Hux, that was you who took them out? thanks to that I could sleep there for a week.” he decides to give Kylo an all over and notices the wildly thrown together outfit he is sporting, grey long sleeve and a black shirt over it, ripped jeans and loosely tied boots, probably stolen by one of the dead soldiers around here. “Hux as in,-” “Yes that. although that was my father and not me, I never got the chance to get to that.” “Oh, well I'm sure the military can help out.” hux smiles thin at that reply. “We will see.” Notes: find me on tumblr nomourners-nofuneral.tumblr.com Notes: you can fine me at tumblr: nomourners-nofuneral come talk to me about this au or kylux in general Im always happy to talk about them