Nar Shaddaa Notes: Written for Mak's wonderful kylux minifest on tumblr. My prompt(s) were from the amazingly talented reserve and included smuggler!Ben, Kylo and Hux meeting before Hux becomes a general, and first meetings. I did my best to wrangle in some of your other prompts in as well. So this fic comes in three chapters (it's sort of a "three meetings" thing), and originally the plan was to post them all at once but my dog, who's fifteen, suffered an accident earlier this week and I've spent the last few days nursing him and taking care of the house I'm looking after, so I'm not quite finished, but each section reads sort of like a one-shot and I have a troop of loyal friends who're making sure I stay on top of this fic. I hope that's all right, and that this fic resembles what you had in mind when you wrote out those prompts ❤ EDIT: My friend was a sport and drew Kylo in his mask/hood for me even though she doesn't like kylux, so a big thank you to her! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "[...] for dust you are and to dust you will return." — Genesis 3:19 Nar Shaddaa was the planetary embodiment of Han Solo, so it was little surprise Kylo hated it. Chaos wrapped up in a city that spanned the entirety of the Smuggler’s Moon, it reeked of desperation and despair, yet managed to possess a strange sort of charm that kept dragging people back. Or, Kylo thought with a grimace, perhaps it was the fact that literally nothing was illegal that kept Nar Shaddaa’s traffic steady, no matter how many centuries passed by. Crime paid, he knew, and that’s what brought him back time and time again to this planet-like moon with its strange, teeming echo and its surface packed with so many criminals and low-lives it wasn’t even worth trying to find anyone in particular. That, too, was part of the draw. The Smuggler’s Moon was where people went to disappear, and they often had little trouble accomplishing that. It was unfortunate, then, that disappearing wasn’t what Kylo was here to do, even if he looked it, currently holed up in the corner of some generic club in Nar Shaddaa’s Entertainment Promenade as he was, nursing a glass of Corellian whiskey as his second celebrated their recent success by mingling with the crowd, his pink skin and pale blue hair blending in with the lights flickering in the ceiling. Kylo pursed his lips unseen. Zeltrons. He hoped Madana enjoyed the downtime. They’d be leaving soon—Kylo never could stand to be on Nar Shaddaa for longer than he had to. The place screamed of a million chaotic lives, a too-strong echo in the Force that sometimes caught Kylo off-guard, but Solo’s footprint shone brightest amongst them, even when Kylo tried to ignore it. It seemed that, even decades later, Solo’s face was famous enough that concealing his own while planetside was a top priority. He ignored the little voice in his head that said, as it always did, that he was running, but running was better than staying. Running was what he did well and, he thought bitterly, and it was something of a family talent, so it was appropriate that he’d be fleeing the Smuggler’s Moon as soon as his crew had had their fill now that their next shipment of cargo had been loaded. He comforted himself with that thought as he watched the twi’lek dancers swivel their hips to the pulsing music, ignoring the weighty stare of the third member of his three-man crew. “You can’t drink that with your mask on, boss,” Bia said with an amused smile, and Kylo’s eyes narrowed over the patterned mask that hid everything from his nose down before he pushed the drink towards her, concealing a small sigh as she immediately reached for it, nails clinking noisily against the glass. “You could have just asked for it,” he said lowly. She shrugged, peering at him with large yellow eyes, and he pretended not to see the concern that always shone there. The youngest of their crew, Bia was oddly protective of them all, but Kylo supposed that made sense, and he appreciated her in moments like this, when he could feel her reaching out to him clumsily through the Force, the little nudge and a hushed whisper that asked youokay accompanied, as always, by a stuttering wave of curiosity. Kylo turned his hand over on the table, palm up, and uncurled his fingers in answer. Leavingsoon , he sent back, watching as her face lit up in glee when she received the message. She’d come a long way despite not being overly strong in the Force, Kylo thought, even with a continuing disappointment for her teacher. “You’re being paranoid,” she said out loud, flipping one tattooed orange lekku over her shoulder. “You could at least remove the cowl. Honestly, you look more suspicious with it than without, and no one’s going to report you based on your hair . If we’re leaving soon, you should relax.” “No,” Kylo said bluntly, and Bia pursed her lips, blinking imploringly at him, but she didn’t pursue the matter, instead deeming the drink she’d swiped more worth her time, though he wasn’t blind to the way she eyed him over the glass. He knew she was right. Clubs were places where skin was revealed, not hidden, and he cursed himself for allowing Madana to choose this place instead of a cantina, where the lights wouldn’t have been as bright and the patrons less invasive, but he also knew that, on a planet of killers and criminals and victims, one masked, hulking figure was unlikely to draw attention to themselves even in a club environment, not when there was so much else going on as the strong exploited the weak. On a planet like Nar Shaddaa, the only thing that stood out painfully was kindness , and it was for that reason that Nar Shaddaa, hated though it was, was one of the planets Kylo allowed himself even a modicum of downtime on, because kindness on a planet like Nar Shaddaa usually only meant one of three things: danger, naivety, or Jedi, and with Skywalker’s first pupils rapidly approaching ages where he could unleash them on the galaxy, well. Well. Kylo counted on the grimy, suspicious nature of Nar Shaddaa’s population to point them out fast, not that he expected any were to be found out here, searching for a lost son. They’d probably rejoiced when he left. Kylo grimaced, reaching out to swipe his drink back from Bia’s hands, but she was quick, holding it out of his reach with a smirk as she raised one artificially painted eyebrow. “No,” she said, parroting his earlier answer before her eyes slid pointedly to the bar. He frowned at her for a few moments before sighing and slipping away, gliding through the crowds until he reached the bar, stretching out with the Force to whisper a suggestion into the easily susceptible mind of the bartender as he claimed one of the seats for himself. He didn’t like being here. He felt too exposed, too open, but then again, the only place he didn’t feel exposed was on his ship. Off the Myrmidon , the mask and cowl served a functional purpose, keeping people from seeing his face and the eagle-eyed from making the connection between him and his famous parents (Solo had too many debts in this teeming underground world, too many enemies who had nothing better to do than hold grudges and stew), but more than anything it made him feel safe, in control , so he kept it on and watched as people made up something undoubtedly more terrifying than himself to go underneath it. The bartender set his drink down with a bland smile that didn’t reach his glazed eyes, and Kylo slid a credit chip wordlessly across the counter before he grabbed it and stood, only for the drink to be unceremoniously spilled all down his front as something hit him full-force, almost knocking him back into the barstool. The rage curled in his chest, a slithering monster whose toothed snarl made Kylo’s fingers tingle, but before he could open his mouth and snap at the offender he felt hands grab at his arms as the stranger steadied himself, giving Kylo an uninterrupted view of slicked-back hair that shone almost purple in the pulsing lights of the club and a shock of colourless fabric that seemed to be doing its best to swallow its owner up completely. “Move,” Kylo hissed, reaching up to push the man away and remove himself from the situation, but before he could a pair of Weequay blocked his exit, one of them hissing something low and insulting as they pointed at the man who was now clutching Kylo’s clothed biceps as though his life depended on it, and listening to the Weequay’s threats, Kylo figured it did. Something soft within him stirred, told him to help, to diffuse the situation, but he smothered it when the feeling took on a familiar voice, high and feminine and achingly familiar in its youth, accompanied by the image of Skywalker looking at him with disappointment, but he pushed it away with a snarl—Skywalker had always been disappointed in him, and somehow being the recipient of that stare had been so much worse than Han Solo refusing to look at him at all. This wasn’t his issue, and this man wasn’t his problem. “I don’t understand you, you disgusting creature,” the man was saying after the Weequay repeated his threats for the third time, and while the man may not have understood his companions, it was clear they understood Basic all too well by the way their voices got louder and their expressions angrier, eyes flashing dangerously from their sunken sockets. Kylo grimaced, the mask hiding the expression, and he felt his fingers twitch for the weapons concealed at his side before he forced his body to remain still while the man turned quickly and drew himself to a not-unimpressive height, his back now to Kylo, who remained caught between the stranger and the bar, anger simmering under his skin. Still, he didn’t use the opportunity to slip away, to move. It was something he’d chastise himself for later, he was sure. Stay out of trouble, keep low, and if you must make a scene, ensure it is traceable only to an alias instead of a face. For the moment he merely flicked his eyes back to the bartender, the urge to whisper another soundless suggestion strong, before his attention was caught once again by crisp, defined syllables—an accent, old and familiar in cadence, that didn’t belong in a place like this. His breath caught, and he didn’t understand why he suddenly felt compelled to remain. “Speak Basic,” the man snapped as one of the two Weequay repeated themselves in a series of angry, guttural noises. “I don’t understand your barbaric tongue.” “They want their credits,” Kylo translated lowly, surprising himself, something old and beyond boredom prompting him to speak, watching as the Weequays glanced between himself and the stranger. When the man didn’t respond, Kylo continued, “You didn’t pay them what they were owed.” The man finally looked back at him, and Kylo was treated to an eyeful of defined cheekbones, an impressive sneer, and eyes whose colour was impossible to discern in the multi-coloured lighting. “I paid them the amount we agreed on. It isn’t my fault if—“ he cut himself off, as if realising he was speaking to a stranger when Kylo’s eyes raked over his body, catching on the way the stranger’s gloved hands were curled into fists at his side, body practically vibrating with energy. Still, to the man’s credit, his speech didn’t falter as he turned back to the Weequay men and said, in a steely tone, “You got your money. Perhaps next time it would do you good to check what kind of currency you’re to receive before agreeing to a contract.” Kylo snorted, turning his face to the side as the man’s shoulders stiffened and the Weequay erupted in a series of threatening snarls and promises to paint their hull with the man’s blood, using the opportunity to survey the man further. The club lights made it hard to tell, but Kylo tilted his head carefully to the side as he observed the man’s cheeks flush hotly, anger emanating from him in waves, but beneath the anger Kylo could sense anxiety , and he raked his eyes over the man’s body once more before smothering a low sigh of frustration as he registered what was very clearly a uniform of some kind, personally tailored, and very out of place. It was probably smart looking once, but the heat of the club had creased the fabric, something the man seemed to realise as he grimaced and tried to straighten it out while his companions scowled bloody murder. His hair, too, was styled to order, slicked back with only a few strands escaping in the heat of the club. That wasn’t what caught Kylo’s attention, though. Rather, it was the stripes on the man’s sleeve denoting rank in the old Imperial system, and Kylo sucked in a breath as his eyes snapped back to the stranger’s face, revisiting a previous train of thought and added members of an outdated Imperial military outfit to his list of things that stood out on the Smuggler’s Moon. You don’t belong here , he whispered mentally, though without the Force to guide the thought into the man’s mind. Get out get out get out . Instead of voicing this, however, Kylo merely said, “He says the money you paid them with is useless. As useless as Republic credits.” “I see,” the man replied, mercurial eyes sweeping with ill-contained disdain over the two, and before the man could say something else to make the situation Kylo cut in, his hand twitching, putting the weight of the Force behind his words as he said, as persuasively as possible, “You have been paid. You made a mistake. Learn from it and leave us be.” There was a moment where Kylo wasn’t sure it had worked, but then the two men straightened and walked away with a few choice words. Kylo breathed out, eyes flickering to the man, whose mouth had opened in what was no doubt something cutting, but before he could say whatever it was Kylo reached out, curling his fingers over the Imperial stripes on the man’s arm and hauling him away, uncaring of the way the man squawked and demanded to be released immediately . “Look,” Kylo said as he shoved the redhead into the little booth he and Bia had been sharing, uncaring of the way she watched them with an almost childlike curiosity and moved to accommodate their new guest, “you’re not from around here, I get it, but those two men were moments from cracking your skull over the barstool. It would have killed the mood. My friend would’ve been upset.” He didn’t know whether that was true. Madana, wherever he was, hated abundant negativity, as most members of his species did, but he also enjoyed watching fools die as much as the next person, so perhaps he would have preferred it if Kylo had left the stranger there to face a likely death. It didn’t matter now. The man looked at him with narrowed eyes, his fingers jerking on the tabletop, and Kylo didn’t miss the way his lip curled when he noticed Bia sitting there, lekku twitching with amused interest at their new table guest. Kylo curled his own fingers inward, thinking of how they’d been wrapped around that telltale stripe earlier, and wasn’t fate funny, making him run into a member of some Imperial remnant out here where even the Empire hadn’t managed to fully exert its will. It seemed legacy was never something fully outrun. The man’s face was still pinched unattractively, and Kylo didn’t even bother voicing the snide you’re welcome that was poised on the tip of his tongue. If what the man had said was true, and the men he’d contracted had merely failed to check and see what currency they’d be paid in, Kylo had little sympathy for them. It was a rookie mistake, one he would’ve made himself had he not had Madana to help guide him once control of the Myrmidon had fallen to him, but he didn’t voice that to the stranger. Doubtless he was aware. The silence grew pervasive, and after a few moments Bia rolled her eyes and rose to her feet, crossing her arms pointedly before she shimmied out of the booth. “I’ll go find Madana, boss,” she said, and before Kylo could formulate a response she was gone, lost to the gyrating bodies and psychedelic club lights. “Hux,” the man said abruptly, and Kylo jerked slightly in surprise, raising an eyebrow as he turned his attention back to the man, whose expression was now creased with an odd sort of determination. He didn’t even pretend to ask what Hux meant when it was obviously the man’s name. Whether it was his first, his last, or his only name didn’t matter, and so Kylo didn’t ask as Hux extended his hand, instead taking a few moments to stare at it before he realised, somewhat belatedly, that he was supposed to shake it, which he did with a too-tight grip and carefully controlled movements. “That woman called you her boss,” Hux said as he did so, voice stiff. “Might I ask who you are?” Kylo’s mouth twitched, hidden by the mask and, unable to resist, he replied, “The man who pays her wages.” He laughed—a short, harsh sound—when Hux’s brow drew together in irritation before he leaned across the table, his hand still gripping Hux’s and pressing it down. “You’re new here,” Kylo said, voice gravelly, “so I’ll give you some advice.” Then he sat back, cocking his head to the side absently as Hux flexed his wrist with narrowed eyes. “Never go anywhere alone, and if you do, hide your disdain better. In places like this, you’ll be dead and rotting before anyone knows to miss you otherwise, regardless of who you work for.” His eyes swept Hux’s uniformed body pointedly, and when Hux’s lips drew into a sneer and he began to speak, a sharp do you think I enjoy coming to cesspools like this , Kylo overrode him by saying simply, bluntly, “I’m Kylo.” A delicate flush coloured Hux’s high cheekbones, likely borne of frustration, and Kylo watched, unabashed, as it spread. “Kylo. Never heard of you.” Kylo shrugged. “I’ve never heard of you either, Hux .” The emphasis was deliberate, as was the lowering of his voice and the way he bit down on that last consonant, letting it slip between his teeth in a hiss, and he watched as Hux’s face twitched minutely, the red flush still there, amusement slowly replacing the anger that had been festering since Hux has spilt his newly-acquired drink all over him. He’d have to change clothes once he got back to the Myrmidon , but he filed that thought away for later. “You’re not going to ask why those men were accosting me?” Hux asked idly, but something in the sharpness of his gaze told Kylo it wasn’t a simple question. He felt his own brow crease in confusion. “I don’t care,” he answered, and it was true. Those who tried to know everyone else’s business on Nar Shaddaa either found themselves really rich or really dead in short order, and Kylo knew better than most that sometimes knowing was far worse than being kept in the dark. If people thought you knew something important, it was always a race to see who could get to you first: the people who wanted to profit off your knowledge, or those who wanted to ensure that knowledge never got out. Kylo, privy to many secrets, knew that all too well, and so he kept his mouth shut and held onto the information until such a time where it became vital. He wasn’t Han Solo, notorious for being able to charm and bluff and placate his way out of any situation, and he didn’t want to be. He’d had enough of smiling and lying and concealing in his first two decades of life, and he wasn’t about to mess up his operation and put Madana and Bia in danger only two years into their joint ventures. He may pilot the ship and act as the unofficial leader of the group, but he left diplomacy to them, where it was best handled. Hux was looking at him, his mouth set thoughtfully in a way that made his sharp face appear softer, eyes glimmering briefly as one of the club’s lights travelled over their little booth, lighting them up. Kylo blinked and leaned forward without thinking. He wondered, abruptly, what colour Hux’s eyes were. “Hm,” Hux said. “Kylo, was it?” Kylo inclined his head, suddenly very conscious of the way Hux’s eyes roamed his covered face, his body, drawing him in and mapping everything he could see, as if searching for something. Kylo’s eyes lowered. There was nothing to map, not with his entire person swathed in plated, irregular leathers and dark fabric that concealed the weapons at his hip. When he’d started out, he’d still had his robes, but, well. He’d gotten rid of those years ago, when he’d put Ben Organa-Solo away where he could never disappoint anyone ever again. “Kylo,” Madana had said when he’d first heard the name spoken in a stammering, defensive tone. Madana had sensed the lie instantly, Kylo knew that now, able to read Kylo’s messy emotions with an ease that would later embarrass him, but at the time Madana had merely smiled instead of calling it out. “Nice to meet you. I’m Madana.” Hux didn’t say his name like Madana had. He said it slowly, and Kylo wasn’t sure he liked how it rolled off Hux’s tongue, but it was achingly familiar. If Hux’s voice was softer, higher, more feminine , it would’ve been all too easy to imagine someone else sitting across from him. He clenched his teeth. No . “What currency did you pay them in?” Kylo said suddenly, eager to redirect his thoughts. Hux raised an eyebrow. “The Weequay.” “Ah.” There was a pause as Hux seemed to think his answer through. Then he leaned against the back of the booth with an unconcerned expression. “Something that wasn’t satisfactory, evidently enough. I shall rectify that mistake the next time I’m in the area and notify my superior officers. Don’t look so surprised,” he said when Kylo gave a small start, “I saw you looking at my uniform.” “You could have played it off,” Kylo said. Hux smiled, and Kylo was inexplicably reminded of a karkarodon. “Perhaps I’m planning to kill you later.” The idea of this out-of-place officer trying to kill him, when better men had tried and failed, was enough to startle another bark of laughter from Kylo. He didn’t answer beyond that, however, and when he saw Hux’s eyes flicker to his mask he shifted his weight, oddly conscious of it all of a sudden. Hux didn’t ask, however, despite the curiosity Kylo could glean from his surface thoughts, and Kylo wondered how long this newfound game of question avoidance would last before it grew too awkward and Hux took his leave and reported back to whatever one of the various Imperial remnant groups he so clearly belonged to. For lack of anything better to say, Kylo voiced that very question. “Just how many groups do you think there are?” Hux asked. Kylo shrugged, fingers curling and uncurling from his palm. “There are a lot of Imperial remnants,” he said bluntly. “From what I know, there used to be even more, but the New Republic did its best to root them out. It’d be foolish to think them all gone. I can list three off the top of my head.” Hux’s eyes narrowed. “Name them,” he said, his voice suddenly heated. Kylo paused, weighing the pros and cons of complying, and then wondered why in the hell he cared if Hux knew or not. The New Republic had long gone soft on their hunt for old Imperial cells, if the news he heard from the Core Worlds was to be believed. In years past, it had been the source of one of Leia Organa’s greatest frustrations, and sometimes Kylo wondered why she’d been surprised. The old political system had been her life, more than he had ever been, but he’d often wondered why she’d seemed to blind to its faults, and he wondered why she hadn’t been able to prevent the New Republic from returning so swiftly to the corrupted, complacent days before the Empire, if she insisted on dedicating so much of her life to something so clearly broken. “There’s a cell hiding on Dxun,” Kylo told him. “The moon of Onderon? In the Inner Rim? And the New Republic does nothing about it?” Kylo shrugged. “The New Republic isn’t known for acting, only for closing their eyes. Dxun is littered with old ruins and hidden tombs.” He pretended not to notice the way Hux’s face abruptly became more interested. When Hux asked him to go on, his voice softer this time, Kylo blinked, but continued: “There were some holdouts in the Arkanis sector as well, but nothing ever came of it. Many people thought there might be remnants on Geonosis because of its history, but it was too close to—“ too close to Skywalker. Kylo swallowed, remembering the blistering heat of Tatooine and a partially rebuilt homestead in the middle of a great desert. “There used to be an old Imperial training academy on Arkanis itself. It’s long gone, though. The New Republic ensured that.” He breathed out, watching as Hux’s face abruptly shuttered, and for the first time wondered how old Hux was. He was guessing around his age, surely not out of his twenties, but. Well. Appearances could be deceiving. Skywalker had taken them to Arkanis once, when Kylo was old enough to be trusted watching some of the other older students. It had been one of the few times they’d been allowed to leave Tatooine, he recalled now. Skywalker hadn’t liked letting him out of his sight for too long, after the incident. He rattled off the next two locations with a curt tone before hunching into his seat. After a moment he heard Hux shift. “You don’t like the New Republic.” “I don’t like many governments,” Kylo said stiffly, discomfort making the hair on the back of his neck prickle. “Issues with authority. I hear it runs in the family. I break the law as often as I can. Are we really discussing politics in a crummy club on Nar Shaddaa?” He heard rather than saw Hux’s smile. “I suppose we are. You’re a smuggler.” It wasn’t a question. “Bravo. Did the Smuggler’s Moon give it away? You had a one and three chance of guessing that.” “This moon is a cesspit, you know.” Hux sounded disgusted as it said it, but there was something else, something that made Kylo look up at him from under his cowl, because there, buried deep in Hux’s voice was anger , deep-seeded and dark, and Kylo wondered just where that stemmed from. “It’s chaotic. There’s no authority.” “There are the Hutts. This is Hutt Space, Hux.” “The Hutts are content with seeding chaos and disorder wherever they go,” Hux said, the corners of his mouth lifting in a barely-there snarl. “They are no more fit to rule than the Republic. It’s a wonder they have clung to power this long, happy as they are to let things run their course, killing each other for power and gain. They’re a bunch of crime lords. There’s no order. There’s no logic. No true authority.” Kylo laughed, but it was devoid of amusement. “There is,” he said, angling his head subtly towards where a pair of non-human were listening in, “and you’ll find it if you don’t keep your voice down.” Hux’s mouth snapped shut, and this time the flush on his face was definitely anger, but there was a passionate spark in his eyes and Kylo was seized with the sudden urge to reach out and touch, to see if Hux’s skin would be hot under his fingertips, burning with vitriol for a cause Kylo did not yet know. He realised, somewhat belatedly, that Hux had a nice face. He supposed someone at this table ought to, now that Madana and Bia were mingling with the crowd. Stars knew he wouldn’t be winning any contests with his own, looking as it did. “Well,” Hux said curtly, standing, “I should leave. My pilot will be expecting me to have secured the payment and have returned. My delay won’t be appreciated.” Kylo was about to open his mouth and say something, perhaps to tell Hux to not get shot on the docks or, more inanely, to stay , but he swallowed the words when a prickle of abruptly unease seized him, head snapping up as he watched several armed men begin to push their way through the club, and before he could stop himself he’d seized Hux’s wrists and forced him to sit back down, silencing him with a hiss when Hux began to protest. “Your friends are back, and they brought backup,” Kylo said, watching as the colour in Hux’s cheeks drained as he caught sight of them. “You’re popular tonight, Hux.” “I need to get to my ship,” Hux said, and Kylo snorted. “By all means, just walk out there. Are you even armed ?” “Yes,” Hux said, but when he refused to elaborate Kylo just snarled, especially when one of the two Weequay men from earlier caught sight of them and pointed angrily. People in the club were starting to shift worriedly, the spell of the mediocre pulsing music broken as it became clear the crew of Weequay were armed, but it wasn’t until one of the men fired a premature shot at them that people began to scream and push towards one of the exits, Kylo swearing lowly when the Weequay hissed at them and began moving their way, his blood boiling once he realised that he’d been incorrectly identified as working with Hux. “Get out,” he snapped, but Hux was already moving, his face a mask of concentration as he dodged a shot and slipped into the crowd. Somewhere he could sense Bia’s pressing worry and Madana’s anxiety, and he had just enough time to send Bia an impression of the Myrmidon and orders for her and Madana to retreat there before another shot shattered one of the glowing advertisement screens that had been situated by the booth. People were scrambling openly now, but it was a testament to the lawlessness of this place that the noise level was down. Nar Shaddaa wasn’t Coruscant—people knew when to get the hell out, and get the hell out fast . His hand found Hux’s wrist after a few moments of scrambling, the stink of Nar Shaddaa hitting him as they exited the club, but his intentions of hauling Hux bodily into some alleyway or another were disrupted when Hux gave his wrist an abrupt tug, pulling Kylo, who was unprepared, in his direction. Kylo barely had time to register that Hux’s hair was a brilliant, shining red before they were running. “I need to get to my ship,” Hux repeated, and Kylo hissed. He should have left Hux to get his skull cracked in, he shouldn’t have intervened, but he had and for some reason he found his feet obeying Hux’s command as they scrambled through the dirty platforms that made up part of the Entertainment Promenade, moving as quickly as they could towards the docks, where the Myrmidon and, apparently, Hux’s ship were sitting. “How wonderfully charismatic you are, Hux. What were you in a past life, a stormtrooper?” Kylo snarked, abruptly grateful that he and Hux seemed to be of a similar height, allowing them to match strides. “In my father’s wildest dreams,” Hux replied, but Kylo didn’t have time to ponder the harshness of the words, for another shot rang out behind them, and when he reached the turnoff to where the Myrmidon was docked he swore when he saw a bunch of armed mercs running towards them, blaster rifles firing wildly. Hux reacted quickly, pulling Kylo along with him, leaving Kylo to wonder when their positions had switched as he registered Hux’s hands wrapped around his wrist, but he didn’t ponder that too long, not when the urge to call on the Force was suddenly so strong, too strong, telling him to lash out, that he could crush these men with ease. The urge was harder to ignore the more they ran, guiding him forward, the surrounding him and almost begging to be indulged. He could kill everyone here. He could call upon the hated gift that was his birthright and he could crush them, could revel in the way they screamed as he pushed them over the side of the dock into the nothingness of Nar Shaddaa’s shadowy ground level, but he couldn’t, not really, because there were too many witnesses and he couldn’t hope to get rid of them all and a Jedi on Nar Shaddaa would be something too big to ignore. So he grimaced and followed Hux, knowing Madana and Bia were more than capable of taking care of themselves. “Bloody aliens,” Hux snarled as they moved. Kylo considered tripping him and leaving him to his fate, but something stayed his hand. Instead, he glanced behind them, and when Hux wasn’t looking he reached out with the Force and watched with satisfaction as a stack of plasteel cylinders and crates mysteriously toppled from the wall they’d been set against, the enraged shrieks of their pursuers filling him with glee and adrenaline. A few more metres had them rounding a corner, and perhaps, were this any other time, Kylo would have taken a moment to appreciate the surprisingly sleek design of the ship that lay waiting on the landing pad, obviously an upgraded version of an old Imperial shuttle—something that once would’ve caught more attention on Nar Shaddaa had the market not been saturated with them after the fall of the Empire. They were rarer now, of course, but the initial flood of them on the black market had ensured few people blinked at seeing them in the fringes of space now. “Are you just going to stare, or are you going to do something?” Hux snapped before he called out to someone, hurrying up the lowered gangplank. “Hux, wait—“ Kylo started, voice muffled by the mask, picking up his pace when he felt that prickle of wrongness again, and he reached Hux just in time to yank him back as a shot fired from inside the shuttle, crashing to the ground with a pained grunt as something hot struck his shoulder. He pushed Hux away from him when a shadowy figure emerged from within the bowels of the ship, dragging something behind them. Distantly, he registered that his cowl had fallen back. “Your pilot didn’t want to negotiate,” the figure said in Basic, punctuating their statement by kicking a lifeless body down the gangplank and emerging fully, revealing another Weequay. “Such a shame. But I’m bored with this chase. The money you paid my crew with is useless. I’m here to collect what we’re due, one way or another.” “I paid you. There’s nothing else to give,” Hux said through gritted teeth, something awful and dark in his eyes as he looked up through his newly loosened red hair at the body of the pilot laying limply on the dock. Young , Kylo thought, his own eyes flicking from the body to Hux, tuning out the demands of the Weequay captain and breathing in, out, anything to steady his racing heart and keep the dark whispers at bay. His hands twitched again, aching for the weapons he kept hidden, the ones he had been trained to use ever since he was old enough for his parents to fear him, but he let his hand slip to his blaster instead. Stupid , he thought, this entire situation is stupid , but that was life on Nar Shaddaa, wasn’t it? Absurd situations. Illogical situations. It was why he couldn’t do anything but laugh wetly when a blaster sounded and the Weequay captain toppled over mid-demand, the darkness curling in his chest shrieking with irritation that it hadn’t been he who pulled the trigger. His life was a terrible holodrama. This was something that wouldn’t have been out of place in the life of Han Solo, and with that thought came more anger and the sudden need to flee because he’d sworn it wouldn’t be like this, he’d sworn he’d keep out of drama, and then Hux had showed up and now he was— Hux’s face was a terrible mask of cold anger, the hand holding a precision pistol still outstretched from where he lay next to Kylo on the ground, and Kylo wondered if Hux had considered this possibility at all when he’d flounced in from his no-doubt fancy mothership and picked a random club on Nar Shaddaa to do business in; if he’d thought, even for a second, that he and his pilot wouldn’t make it out alive. He closed his eyes, reaching out with the Force, and when he met a firm wall of grief in Hux’s mind Kylo knew he hadn’t. He wondered if the pilot had meant anything to Hux or if he was just shocked that his plan had gone to ruin, but there was nothing for it now. He could push into Hux’s mind and extract what he wanted, he knew. It would be easy, and Hux wouldn’t have been able to stop him, but it didn’t matter, so all Kylo did was laugh lowly and push himself up from the ground, avoiding the pilot’s body. He’d seen worse, done worse—his career may have been as a smuggler but there was no shortage of violence in the galaxy. He’d killed his first man only two weeks into his original flight on the Myrmidon , and his hands hovered over his hips before he looked down at Hux, who was now staring at the body of the fallen Weequay as though he were scum beneath his once-polished boot. “Your first?” Kylo said, nudging the body with his foot. He didn’t offer to help Hux up, and Hux didn’t answer his question. Instead, Hux merely shifted his eyes between the two bodies, and it wasn’t until they heard a series of raised voice that he pushed himself slowly to his feet, striding past Kylo and up the gangplank. “Can you fly?” he asked lowly. Kylo’s eyes flickered down the dock, where a group of Weequay, having freed themselves from Kylo’s earlier entrapment, were running towards them. “Yes,” he said, and was up the gangplank and into the ship before Hux could say anything, retrieving his comm and barking a series of instructions to Madana and Bia as Hux led him to the cockpit. “Not worried about trusting a stranger with your ship?” Kylo murmured as he sat down, priming the engines and hurriedly activating the ship’s shields as the first blaster shots began to reach them. “More worried about trusting my skull to a bunch of men whose captain I just killed,” Hux said. Kylo grunted and did him the favour of not commenting on the toneless quality Hux’s voice had taken on, making the sharp consonants seem dead and lifeless. Whether the pilot meant shit wasn’t his business, and though he could feel some stirring of pity ( weak , the part of his mind that was still that frightened fifteen-year-old hissed) he didn’t let it affect his flying as he lifted Hux’s ship off the landing platform and into the busy skies of Nar Shaddaa, heading for the moon’s atmosphere and the stars beyond. “Where are we going?” Kylo asked. “Hux!” he snapped when Hux didn’t respond, but then Hux turned his head to him and Kylo sucked in a breath, suddenly unable to get enough air through the mask. In the light of the cockpit Hux’s eyes were a deep, otherworldly green, but he turned to the console and pursed his lips, brow creasing in thought before he stood and leaned over Kylo’s shoulder, punching in a coordinate Kylo didn’t recognise. Kylo exhaled, but he turned his attention back to the transparisteel and all that lay beyond it, and within moments they were making the jump to hyperspace, the glittering stars giving way to a seemingly never-ending tunnel of blue. “Fuck,” Kylo muttered after a few moments, his mind finally coming down off the high of adrenaline as he stared straight ahead. He was surprised when Hux laughed roughly beside him, and it was enough to make Kylo’s shoulders relax. Hux’s face, when he turned to look at him, was still pinched, but it was beginning to lose that terrible coldness. “Oh,” Hux said as Kylo turned to meet his gaze, and for a moment Kylo was seized with panic, his hand fluttering up to check to see that his mask was there and sighing in shaky relief when he found it was. His cowl, however, had fallen back, and he vaguely remembered noticing that whilst sprawled on the dirty panelling of the landing strip. Nervously, almost self-consciously, he ran a hand through the dark strands of his hair, and it was then the pain in his shoulder decided to make itself known again. He winced, the motion mostly hidden by the mask, but the way Hux’s eyes snapped sharply to the injury let Kylo know it hadn’t gone unnoticed. “Up,” Hux commanded, and Kylo rose without thinking before he scowled. “It’s fine.” “It’s not. You’re piloting my ship sight unseen. Let me do this for you.” Hux’s tone brokered no argument, and Kylo’s eyes narrowed in response. He stood, drawing himself to his full height and using every physical advantage he had, from his broader shoulders to the scant few inches he had over Hux, but despite his best attempts at projecting leave it , the determined look on Hux’s face remained, unyielding. It was a nice face, Kylo realised, faltering slightly, and Hux’s mouth twitched as he recognised victory in the way Kylo suddenly turned his head away. “You look ridiculous, you know,” Hux said as he led Kylo to one of the benches in a small room. In some models Kylo knew there would have been a medidroid of some kind, but they hadn’t that luxury. “Do I?” “With the mask. Without your hood.” Kylo hummed. “I’d look more ridiculous if I didn't wear the mask,” he said, voice matter-of-fact, and Hux shot him a sharp, considering look as he pulled a medpac from a tiny compartment in the wall. “Sit,” he said, and Kylo did so wordlessly, suddenly at a loss for what to do and feeling awkward in this confined space. The urge to run struck him, but there was nowhere he could go. He’d committed , and in his haste, in his desire to get away and in the chaos that he had allowed himself to succumb to, he hadn’t paused to think about what he’d committed to. For the first time in years he felt sheer panic grip his chest. He didn’t know where he was going, he didn’t know how he was going to get back, and the part of him that had once answered to Ben woke again and started screaming in his head, lost and alone with nowhere to go and nothing to hold onto but anger and bitterness and empty resolution. Stop , he told himself when he realised Hux was watching him. “Kylo isn’t your real name. You’re running,” Hux said then. Kylo tensed instinctively. “Give me the medpac,” he said. If Hux heard the dark threat in his voice, he didn’t react, but why would he? Hux didn’t know, despite his words. He didn’t know. He had no reason to know. He couldn’t know. If he did, Kylo could reach out and destroy Hux’s mind from the inside-out and the other man would be absolutely powerless to stop him, or he could use the Force to constrict Hux’s throat, watching in satisfaction as Hux clawed at the invisible grip, or— Weak , a familiar voice hissed again, dark and ominous and so much larger than Ben Organa-Solo had been. He’d been lost to that voice once, back when it had promised him everything he could have dreamed of if he could just shed that last bit of weakness, if he would just surrender to it, to him , and with the remembrance came another surge of anger and the ugly, black feeling of hopelessness, of not being in control, of not being strong enough. This was why his parents had sent him away. Because he was weak. He’d been too weak to hold their love and attention, and when he’d cried and clung to his father’s legs his parents had sensed that weakness and left him on Tatooine. He’d been Skywalker’s problem after that, and Skywalker had tried, his large brown eyes filled with compassion and pity, things that had gradually turned to fear when he sensed the darkness within Ben, too. In many ways, Kylo thought he hated Skywalker more than his parents for what he’d done, taking away the hissing voice that had been Ben's only friend, his only source of understanding, but that was a different life, when Ben Organa-Solo had been the most promising of Skywalker’s pupils, his command of the Force unrivalled. Now he was Kylo, just Kylo, and he clung to that and let it draw him back into the present, jerking when he realised Hux had cut away part of his attire, peeling away the smouldering cloth and leather without him realising. “Oh, good,” Hux said as he slowly pulled his own glove off with his teeth. “You’re back.” Then Kylo felt the cold, gelatinous sensation of bacta on his skin as Hux continued his work, his touch oddly soothing, making Kylo’s skin tingle where he made contact. Hux’s hands were delicate, Kylo thought, and unable to wrap fully around Kylo’s wrists, Hux’s own wrists so small that Kylo thought it surprising they hadn’t broken under his rough handling. He could see a faint ring of bruises around the thin skin, but Hux applied the bacta with a precision that spoke of experience and despite himself, Kylo felt his body relaxing at the familiar sensation of having his wounds treated, lulled into a strange sense of complacency. He felt the urge to turn his head, to explore with his tongue and teeth whether Hux’s skin was as thin and delicate as it looked, but he let those thoughts drift away as if on a current, focusing instead on the steady movement of Hux’s hands as he spread the bacta over the blaster wound and wiped up the blood. Hux breathed out from between slightly pursed lips, and the sudden cold against his arm made Kylo look down and blink with surprise, unconcerned with the way his still-gloved hand had migrated to grip Hux’s hip. “You cut it,” he said. Hux’s eyes seemed glued to his now-exposed arm. In his eyes was a touch of heat that made Kylo’s lungs seize momentarily. “I did,” came the reply. “Kylo, it was fused to your skin.” A pause. “But then again, you don’t seem surprised. Did you even feel it when I peeled it away?” Kylo shrugged with one shoulder, never taking his eyes off the other man. “I’ve been around. Lots of running. You didn’t need to cut the whole sleeve off.” If he’d hoped the words would make Hux feel guilty about the sleeve or his earlier comment, he was doomed to disappointment, for Hux’s eyes merely flicked up to his face in ill-contained irritation before they refocused on his wounds. After a few moments Kylo asked, lowly, “who are you, and where are we going?” “The Unknown Regions, as the Republic calls it,” Hux said, and that toneless note was back in his voice. He avoided the first question, but he started when Kylo reached out, seizing one bacta-covered hand with his own gloved one. He didn’t miss how his hand dwarfed Hux’s, and it made something hot flare in his gut. Hux was small. “Who are you?” Kylo asked, eyes intent. Hux wavered. “Take off the mask,” Hux said finally, firmly, “and I will tell you. A fair trade.” It was Kylo’s turn to hesitate, and the part of him that had been concealing himself for so long railed against the request, but after a few moments he closed his eyes and reached up, removing the shaped leather from his face, meeting Hux’s gaze dead-on when he pulled it away entirely. Kylo had never been much to look at before. Whatever combination of traits that'd given Organa her elegant grace and Solo his roguish charm had clearly clashed and waged an all-out war in their son. As a child his face had been rounder, like his mother’s, his eyes the same colour brown, but as he’d aged the shape became more reminiscent of Solo. The curl of his dark hair, too, was his father’s, though the colour was darker than either of his parents possessed, and the texture of his skin was different as well. Perhaps more people would have recognised him for who he had once been were it not for the three jagged scars that stretched diagonally across his face from his left cheekbone to the curve of his jaw, splitting his top and bottom lip. He’d made sure the mask hid it when he constructed it out of stiff black leather, adding intricate purple mesh patterns in the cracks that would allow him to breathe through it. Hux’s breath caught, and Kylo watched as his paper-thin lids lowered, one bacta-covered hand lifting to tilt Kylo’s chin up, studying him with the careful consideration one might give a jumpy animal. Kylo could feel Hux’s hands vibrate where they touched, and he sucked in a breath, leaning forward unconsciously. Lookatmedon’tlookatme , his mind screamed at Hux, this stranger who was staring at him with ill-contained fascination. He closed his eyes with a small grimace and felt Hux’s other hand skim over the scars. Kylo allowed him his curiosity, feeling lost when he heard the faint whispers of Hux’s mind— strangealluringwhydoyouhide . He didn’t know what to do with those thoughts, so he lowered his head, his face reddening, feeling Hux’s knuckles graze his forehead. “Major Armitage Hux,” Hux whispered then. “We’re going to a planet called Lehon, beyond wild space. ETA seven hours.” “In the Unknown Regions,” Kylo murmured, eyes opening slowly, the bacta on Hux’s one hand beginning to soak into the skin of his jaw. Hux’s hands were warm. He liked them there, even if part of him wanted to jerk back, to spurn this touch. “Unknown Regions,” Hux said lowly. There was a sneer in his voice, faint, and the hand at Kylo’s jaw tightened almost imperceptibly. “They’re only called that because the Republic, in its arrogance, believed nothing of important to exist out there, and so it remains uncharted to them even now. The Empire knew better. There is far more out there than the Republic could ever hope; resources that the Republic cannot command. That’s why the Hand is there. That’s why, when Organa and her insipid Rebellion defeated the Emperor, some of the remnants fled where they knew they would not be pursued. The wise among them recognised that the New Republic would become too complacent to mount a competent response.” “Should you be telling me this?” Kylo asked, leaning forward, and Hux laughed quietly. “Probably not.” His hand fell away from Kylo’s face, and Kylo felt strangely bereft. “But you’re a smuggler. Everyone knows they lie.” Kylo’s mouth twitched. He wasn’t stupid enough to think Hux missed it. “I pictured the return trip differently,” Hux admitted then. “I failed to account for currency changes. My superiors won’t be happy when I return without the tibanna gas, but perhaps…” he trailed off, and Kylo didn’t prompt him. His mind was whispering again, pieces of information he’d gleaned from some of his more reclusive contacts. They’re moving out there, he remembered hearing his mother say on some hologram he’d watched, legs curled against his chest as he, Skywalker, and Skywalker’s other students rode out one of the many sandstorms on Tatooine. They’re moving out there, and they’re dangerous. They call themselves the First Order, and they’re different than the rest. “The First Order,” Kylo breathed, and he watched in vague satisfaction as Hux’s head snapped up, something cruel glittering in his eyes before he snuffed it out. “That’s who you are. Major Armitage Hux of the First Order.” Hux’s eyes were appraising, and something like pride unfurled in his mind as Kylo spoke those last two words aloud. Kylo was old enough to recognise the gleam of fanaticism. “The New Republic is weak and complacent. You see it as I have,” he said, voice almost reverently soft. He pushed a hand through his red hair, long since fallen out of the slicked style he’d had it in at the club, and the action left wet streaks of bacta behind, darkening his red hair in places. “They will realise, in time, that they were foolish to let their guard down so early.” “The galaxy does not need another war,” Kylo said. “Then perhaps they should open their eyes.” Kylo was silent for a few moments, simply taking the time to breathe. Fanatic , his mind whispered. He’s dangerous . A terrible part of him, the part that had been struck by the green of Hux’s eyes and the passion of his earlier convictions( he’s not wrong, you know the New Republic is weak ), told him it didn’t matter, so he met Hux’s eyes calmly and said, “You are not worried I’ll tell the galaxy of your existence. You’re not worried that I’ll report your location to the New Republic.” It wasn’t a question, not when Hux’s smug surety was so clear to him, even without the use of the Force. “Organa has already tried, and all it got her was ridicule. The Republic kissed the ground she walked on when she handed the reigns back to them, and now that she is not telling them what they want to hear they have branded her a warmonger. I hear she left the Senate. How soon they forget. I have been taught the failings of the Republic all my life. It’s time the New Republic learned them, too.” Hux’s eyes looked momentarily far away, but when they snapped back to Kylo’s face they were hard, assured, and Kylo could feel the conviction behind Hux’s every word as he said, his hand slipping to the wound on the back of Kylo’s shoulder, “we will not make the same mistakes twice. You’re a smuggler, Kylo,” he repeated. “You could try to tell them, but who would believe you?” My mother , Kylo’s thoughts hissed. My father. And they would rally the galaxy . Something uneasy churned in Kylo’s gut, and for a moment he wondered if Hux knew, if he saw Leia Organa in Kylo’s face. Would Hux laugh, Kylo wondered, if he knew he was talking to Leia Organa’s son? Would he be touching Kylo’s skin with such absent reverence if he knew what Kylo was? When he was born, the galaxy had hailed Ben Organa-Solo as a symbol of peace. He’d been the poster child for a new future, the son of the galaxy’s most celebrated war heroes, born just nine months after the Battle of Yavin, and to many, he’d symbolised a new age; a generation born never knowing the Empire. He thought then of the secret his mother had hidden from him and his mouth quirked into a bitter smile. The galaxy would have sung a different tune if they’d known from the moment of his birth just how deep the Empire’s legacy was entrenched in their heroes and the bright new future their son was supposed to have represented. “The pilot,” Kylo said suddenly. Hux’s nails, curling into the bacta on Kylo’s shoulder, stopped. Kylo leaned into the touch, breathing out. “Were you two friends?” There was a pause. “No,” Hux said brusquely. He withdrew his hand again, fingers slipping briefly down Kylo’s bared arm before Hux wiped them on the leather plates of Kylo’s pants, but Kylo kept his gaze heavy and insistent, knowing the lie and choosing to call it out, silently. “There are no friends in the First Order, Kylo. That’s the rule.” It was another lie. Ben Organa-Solo had been strangely attuned to the minds of others as a young Padawan, a trait that had earned him the wariness of his father and his teacher, and Kylo had retained that trait, honing it over the years even before departing Skywalker’s academy until he could glean surface thoughts without having to press into another’s mind. It was all too easy to read Hux’s surface thoughts now, a litany of stupidmistake and shouldhavemadehimstay and sorryKarlsosorry. Kylo exhaled, slithering in as far as he dared and whispering into the current, trying to soothe away the guilt as unobtrusively as possible as Hux had done while treating his shoulder. His eyes were half-lidded as he watched Hux’s shoulders lose some of their tension, glimpsing, for a half-second, the soul of a lonely boy, and then a lonely man, a loneliness that Kylo, once Ben, had known intimately throughout his life, and an achingly familiar litany of weakboyweakweakweak. “I’ll have to replace this,” Kylo murmured, curling his exposed arm inward, still riding the current of Hux’s thoughts. He caught the way Hux’s eyes flared with that same earlier heat when the movement made the muscles in his upper arm flex, but Hux only hummed, eyes lingering for a few moments before he stood, a faint dusting of red to his cheeks. “I need to make my report,” he said, and before Kylo could say anything else he was gone. Kylo himself lingered for a few more moments, his mind sluggish, as if drugged, but with a low laugh he at last stood, making his way to the cockpit, replacing his mask and cowl as he did so and ignoring the draft of artificial air that blew on the exposed skin of his arm and shoulder. Hux hadn’t needed to cut the whole thing off, they both knew it, but there was no point in commenting on the action. Soon, he would be dropping Hux off on some hitherto previously-unknown-to-Kylo planet, and then he would leave quickly and return to Nar Shaddaa and his crew, hopefully before Hux or his officers could think to stop him. It was a functional plan, Kylo thought as he slipped back into the cockpit alone, watching the blue of their hyperspace route as they soared through space. In his line of work, functional would have to do. --- Lehon was a planet that must have been beautiful in its wild state. It still was beautiful, Kylo thought as he watched Hux stride down the gangplank to meet the contingent of men and women who had assembled as soon as Hux radioed them in. Lush and green, it was a far cry from Tatooine, with a sleek facility built into the cliffs and the ever-present sound of the sea as it lapped at the nearby beach, but there was something about it that whispered of secrets, of things long gone, and Kylo wondered, given the opportunity to explore, what he’d find buried under the planet’s seemingly peaceful exterior. He could feel the pull of the dark side, thick and seemingly out of place, and it made him wary. Mask and cowl in place, one sleeve of his clothing still cut away, he watched as Hux greeted the uniformed humanoids stiffly, but he also saw the way the face of their leader, an ageing man with grey-streaked red hair flanked by a woman with azure skin and blazing red eyes, became abruptly considering when Hux said something that was too low for Kylo to hear, and he could feel the trickle of bitter pride that slithered from Hux’s mind. Caught up as Hux was, as the others were, and having not seen him, it was easier than he’d thought it would be obscure his presence from them as he slipped back into the bowls of the shuttle and into the pilot’s chair in the cockpit. For a moment he just sat there, hands at the controls, breath catching in his chest as he replayed Hux’s last words to him in his head, spoken before the gangplank had lowered in an oddly hesitant and hopeful tone, eyes green like the sea that had waited beyond the ship. “The First Order is always interested in acquiring men of your… unique skills. Something to keep in mind.” Kylo entertained it for a moment. It was everything his mother would have hated, and in the eyes of his father and Skywalker it would have justified every paranoid thought they’d ever had about him, and for that reason alone it was tempting, but then he thought of the Myrmidon , of Madana and Bia and the life he had been building for himself independent of legacy despite his father’s once-profession, and he exhaled. No. His family was too wrapped up in war—whatever was undoubtedly brewing in the galaxy, Kylo knew he wanted no part of it. Moments later the engine was powering up and he was taking off, doing his best to ignore the flare of hurt that had alighted in Hux’s mind as he dodged fire from the autoturrets below. He was a thief, Kylo told himself. A smuggler. This was what he did, and he couldn’t take the chance that Hux’s fellow officers would recognise and detain him where Hux had failed to do so. Even Hux wouldn’t stop them from locking him up if they realised who he was, what he could do, and he wasn’t daft enough to think Hux would choose him, a smuggler he had met less than twenty-hour hours ago, over the organisation he’d devoted his life to. He told himself that for the next seven hours as he sat numbly in the cockpit, the coordinates set to return him to Nar Shaddaa, though after a moment he retrieved his datapad from where it was tucked into one of the satchels at his side, exhaling as it jostled the weapons clipped to his belt. He retrieved the coordinates of Lehon from the ship’s navicomputer and slipped the datapad, somewhat hesitantly, back into his pack. Just in case , his mind whispered. It sounded suspiciously like his mother. It never hurts to keep these things handy . He tried to ignore the part of him that hoped, for whatever reason, that he’d see Hux again, and his hand strayed to his shoulder before he could stop himself, skimming over where Hux’s fingers had touched his skin. In another world, perhaps he would have indulged those lazy thoughts of pressing his lips to the inside of Hux’s wrist. Were Hux not a who he was, what he was, perhaps Kylo might have even extended an invitation to him to see the Myrmidon , swiftly becoming Kylo’s pride and joy, and they could have had more time, but the Force wasn’t kind to him. All it did was take, chipping away at every chance Kylo had at happiness, more of a curse than the blessing Skywalker had always thought it to be. No, Kylo thought, there was never to have been anything between him and Hux. He would put this behind him and he would move on, he would move forward , and when he returned to Nar Shaddaa he would rejoin Madana and Bia on the Myrmidon and leave them to chart their course to Corellia while he crashed in the room he’d claimed for himself. But maybe, maybe, he’d bring the Myrmidon out here again. After all, Hux had said there were resources. Surely there’d be work for a smuggler willing to chart new hyperspace routes. With that thought in mind he sighed, feeling exhaustion creep up on him. It was easy enough to set an alarm on his datapad and settle in the cramped pilot’s chair, letting his eyes slide shut without hesitation. His last thoughts before sleep claimed him were of Hux’s green eyes, the eyes he’d never see again, glinting hot and heavy under the ship’s lights, and a longing for a future that never could be. Notes: For those who are curious, Kylo's armour and mask/cowl design is modelled off of this stunning cosplay of Skyrim's Nightingale armour, sans cloak. Also, Kylo's leggings . Thank you to my friends for putting up with me as I lobbed fashion links at them and cried hysterically. Baby's first ever posted kylux (and the perfectionist in me is rolling around anxiously) and the first fic on my shiny new AO3 account, so I'd love to know what you all think of it so far. Expect part two within the week. All my Star Wars fics are a series of "spot the KOTOR reference" games, I swear. I'm so sorry. And finally, I hang out a lot on tumblr , where I agonise over characters both fictional and historical whilst avoiding changing my URL because updating my tags is agony. Feel free to come and say hi :D Chapter 2 : Ilum Summary: Hunting for kyber crystals on Ilum in the Unknown Regions, Kylo runs into a familiar face. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As a child, Ben Organa-Solo had been told stories about this place. “It was sacred to the Jedi, ” Skywalker had said, eyes warm as the students clustered around him to get a better view of the mini holoprojection in his hand. “Before the Empire, initiates would be brought to Ilum to find the crystals to construct their first lightsabers, and when some of the Jedi went there to hide, the Imperials pursued them .” Kylo remembered the way some of the younger students had gasped, their eyes flicking from the weapon that had rested innocently at Skywalker’s hip to the one that had rested at Ben’s, and at the time he had felt pride over the fact that he was the only one of Skywalker’s new Jedi to carry such a weapon—his grandfather’s, Skywalker had said, before Kylo had discovered what it really meant to carry Anakin Skywalker’s lightsaber with him. Kylo still had it. Hadn’t been able to leave it behind when he’d left, though he’d debated it, and they hadn’t tried to stop him, hadn’t shouted after him. No, they’d merely watched him walk off into the desert, confident that he would return. Kylo was sure they’d been confident even as he’d been on the nearest freighter off Tatooine. He didn’t know how long it had taken them all to realise he wasn’t coming back, and in those early days he’d wondered if Skywalker had been saddened by the realisation, and then he told himself not to be ridiculous. Before Skywalker had driven off the voice, the one that had whispered in his head for so long and left an ugly monster in his chest, it had told him that Skywalker only took him in out of obligation to his sister, that Skywalker would have been happy to be rid of him, if given the opportunity, just like his parents. Those were the thoughts that had haunted Kylo during his early weeks on the Myrmidon , back when the ship hadn’t yet been his and he’d whispered Kylo over and over to a blank wall an attempt to chase Ben away; to ensure the name never accidentally passed his lips again. Standing deep within the old Jedi Temple on the icy surface of Ilum, the fur of his hood ticking his face as the cold settled into his bones, he wondered if Skywalker had ever set foot on this planet himself, but ultimately that didn’t matter. He had a kyber crystal in one hand and his grandfather’s lightsaber clutched tightly in the other, an innocuous little thing, the legacy he had once craved until he’d realised what it meant. Once upon a time on a lush planet Han Solo and Leia Organa had looked at their son with fear curling in their minds and it wasn’t until two decades later that he’d realised what that fear meant. Now, instead of the gift he’d once thought it to be, he couldn’t help but wonder if giving him Darth Vader’s old lightsaber had been Skywalker’s way of telling Ben that he’d sensed the darkness, too, and had simply been better at concealing his fear than Solo. Didn’t matter now, though, did it? Ben was gone. Kylo, a nobody, had taken his place, and soon the companion to the short yellow ‘saber that hung at Kylo’s hip wouldn’t be the old blue blade but a different one all together. His own. Well, if he could get out of the caves without detection, anyway. Skywalker had been telling the truth about the Imperials having discovered the planet and it seemed that, even decades later, they had insisted on maintaining their hold. In the old holorecords he and his crew had swiped from the archives on Coruscant there had been mention of using the Force to open up the ancient Jedi Temple, but when they’d arrived it had been to see a giant metal door and the structural remains of a garrison blocking his path, and it had taken hours of him working two lightsabers through the doors before he’d been able to slip in, leaving Madana and Bia to keep watch. Madana hadn’t liked that at all, his silvery-purple eyes flashing with vitriol, but he had eventually agreed. He wasn’t Force-sensitive, not in the way Kylo was; this place wasn’t for him. Bia hadn’t wanted anything to do with it, either. Neither of them had counted on an Imperial remnant actually showing up, of having maintained a small mining presence in the temple, and Kylo cursed himself for his oversight now, for assuming this old place had been forgotten once again. Madana’s voice had been calm over the comm when he’d hailed Kylo, the signal crackling, breaking the flush of victory that Kylo had been savouring over recovering a crystal from the great caves, and Kylo had directed them to conceal themselves and wait as he slowly made his way back to the entrance, pointedly ignoring the frozen corpse of an old Clone Wars-era trooper as he did so. It wasn’t until he heard voices that he stopped, tucking the crystal and his grandfather’s lightsaber securely into the small satchel that held his datapad, holding his breath and waiting . “Sir.” The voice was distorted, but high, almost feminine. “Our scanners are picking up no signs of life. My troops have not yet returned from their reconnaissance. Few of our scanners work in those tunnels.” “They will keep looking,” a second voice said, and Kylo almost slipped on the ice. He knew that voice. “You saw the same thing I did, Phasma—someone is here. I don’t know how they managed to cut through forty centimetres of reinforced durasteel, or why they would come to a wasteland like this, but they obviously came prepared.” A pause. “I’ll not let anyone stand in the way of this. For any reason. I don’t know how anyone found out about this place, but they will not leave here alive.” Kylo exhaled slowly, doing his best to calm his nerves as he reassessed his situation, absurdly grateful that the First Order—for it could be nothing else, not if Hux was here, his voice clipped and familiar in a way that brought a rush of memories back—hadn’t found Madana or Bia, wherever they’d hidden. In the year that had passed since he’d last seen Hux, he’d done his best to research the First Order, and he still remembered the way his mother’s face had cracked when she’d come up on the message feed. He’d said, haltingly, upon hearing through the rumour mill that the Senate had cast her out, branding her a warmonger, that war had always suited her anyway, and she had reached out as if to touch his bared face, her relief at him being alive after years of no contact so strong that Kylo had always choked on it from systems away. “Ben—“ she had said, but upon hearing that name Kylo had interrupted, sentiment evaporating, asking her what she knew of the First Order, and when he’d gotten what he’d wanted he’d disconnected the call and slumped back into the pilot’s chair of the Myrmidon , trying to calm the tremors that had wracked his body. Madana had found him like that, drawn in by the negative energy, and he had stood by Kylo’s side, doing his best to project a sense of calm until Kylo had drawn in a shuddering breath and given him a small nod. He knew, from his mother’s reports, that the First Order was more dangerous than he had initially given it credit for. They were highly organised, highly fanatical, and seemed to be drawing funding from something even Leia Organa couldn’t yet figure it out. Ostensibly, Kylo had brought the Myrmidon and her crew out here to scout new smuggling routes—crime thrived everywhere, but a market untapped by the Hutts and the Republic had been intriguing, even as Kylo had tried to convince himself that his returning to the Unknown Regions had little to do with a red-haired Major—but deep within he had known that it was his desire to know more about this First Order that had driven them so far from the known systems. Madana hadn’t complained, had simply cocked his head to the side and pursed his lips but given his agreement, and Bia, well. She did what she was told, despite how she tried to hide it, a remnant of the life she had lived before Kylo and Madana had freed her from an early end at the hands of her Hutt master. Finding such a large Imperial network in the Unknown Regions had been a surprise, and Kylo had never been more grateful for the mask and the fact that Kylo was not yet a name so well known that everyone in the criminal underworld wanted to tear him to shreds. There were empires at play out here that the Republic would shit their collective robes to know about, and Kylo thought those empires must have been so much more , once, before the Hand sent out by Thrawn had joined with what Kylo now knew to have been the Chiss Ascendency. It was, Kylo guessed grimly, the source of the First Order’s funding and high-tech gear. He didn’t know for sure, and he didn’t know what he was going to do with the information yet, but. He had it. Whether he wanted to make a target out of himself by sharing it with anyone was a whole other story. “Colonel.” Another filtered voice, and the sound of multiple footsteps running on ice. Colonel. Hux must have gotten promoted. Kylo sucked in a breath and forced himself to keep moving, the ice slippery under his palm as he crept through one of the caverns. He couldn’t see anyone yet, but he had to be careful. The old holorecords had spoken of one tunnel beyond the original temple door, one that had then branched out, but it seemed the First Order had been busy, for there were many little tunnels leading from the main room now, channelling deep into the ice for easier access to the kyber crystals that lay deep within. Kylo wondered, dimly, why it was no one had been present when he and his crew had landed, but for the moment it didn’t matter. “Sir, FN-2003 ran into some trouble within one of the caverns. 2187 stayed behind to help him.” Kylo tuned out Hux’s sharp reply and the cool, higher voice that echoed it, turning his head down the direction he had come from, gloved hands clenching. There was something there, a call, and something deep within Kylo told him to answer it, even as his logical mind told him no , to stay, to wait, to listen , because Hux was right here and he— If he finds you here he will turn you in, Kylo’s mind hissed. You know he will. You are nothing to him, merely a convenience from a standard year ago . Go. Hide. He breathed out then, turning away from Hux and the main chamber, creeping back through the tunnel he had initially taken, uncaring of where he went so long as it was away. He didn’t expect the Force to lead him to two stormtroopers deep within the caverns, one breathing laboriously—unconscious, Kylo gleaned, skirting over the man’s mind—while the other reached up to press something on their helmet. “Captain,” the trooper said, and Kylo’s eyes snapped to him. There was something different about this one, something that felt as old as this temple, and Kylo exhaled as he recognised the Force within this masked soldier. “Captain, Sl—2003 is down. Requesting backup.” There was only silence to the trooper’s call, however, and Kylo hummed low, a deep rumble in his chest, knowing the trooper wouldn’t hear it. The fallen trooper wasn’t mortally injured, Kylo noted idly, but the remaining trooper’s worry was obvious. It struck something deep within Kylo, and he breathed in his own curiosity—a weapon caring for another weapon. Compassion. The Force seemed to swirl around them, and Kylo let himself get caught in it until a sharp, “Who’s there?” brought him back into his body and he looked up to find the trooper’s blaster pointed in his direction. It didn’t matter that the trooper couldn’t see him, or whether or not the trooper was aware that it was the Force that allowed him to perceive Kylo where others could not. He was caught, and he cursed the Force for it, remaining silent until the trooper asked him to show himself, sounding a lot more impatient this time, but Kylo could read the worry in his mind all too easily. “Your friend is fine,” Kylo said lowly. He didn’t move from his spot. “FN-2187,” he guessed. “Your squad is displeased with you.” “Come out. I won’t ask again,” 2187 said. The helmet made his voice hard to read, but that was all right. He was broadcasting, and Kylo had no trouble vetting the steel intent behind the trooper’s words. He could kill these two, he knew. He could kill them and he could return to the main cavern and he could kill everyone else. A small squadron was nothing against a Jedi, and Kylo, he was no Jedi—he didn’t have their moral code or their respect for all life—because he was more , unconstrained by a Jedi’s weakness. It would be nothing at all to strike them down and something terrible in his chest whispered that he should do it, that they were weak and he was strong, but he shuddered when he realised what that voice sounded like, breathing deeply and trying to clear his mind, following the echoes of the Force as they centred around 2187. How strange it was, to find a Force adept way out here—but then again, he supposed, just because the Jedi were largely gone, destroyed by their own foolishness in an era now dead, didn’t mean Force-sensitives could no longer exist, or that they couldn’t exist out here, far beyond Republic space. The Jedi were not supposed to be representatives of the Republic, no matter how many times they had fallen into that role in the past. The Force was independent of government systems. It did not adhere to boundaries. The Jedi had been foolish to forget that. Still, Force-sensitive though this trooper may have been, he was untrained, and likely unaware. Kylo breathed out. He couldn’t decide if this man was lucky to not truly know the Force, or unfortunate. Kylo envied him the naïvety either way. “If you promise not to shoot me,” Kylo murmured, “I will comply.” “I make no promises.” “I could just kill you both right now, then, if you prefer. I hadn’t planned for bloodshed, but I’m flexible.” The trooper didn’t like that answer. Kylo heard rather than saw the way his fingers tightened on his blaster. But eventually something gave and when Kylo peered through the ice he saw that the trooper had lowered his weapon. Kylo, already regretting his decision to flee from the main chamber, slid out from his hiding spot. “You’re the one they’re looking for,” the trooper said bluntly. Kylo cocked his head to the side. “Yes.” “I’m to bring you to my captain.” “You’re hardly in a place to negotiate,” Kylo reminded him, sliding over to kneel down by the fallen trooper, noticing for the first time the large chunks of ice that had been scattered all over the floor of the cavern and the crack in an otherwise smooth helmet. He reached forward, but the 2187 stiffened, and Kylo slowly lifted his other hand. “If I wanted to kill you both, I would have,” he reminded him flatly, and to his vague delight the trooper seemed to accept this answer. Kylo huffed, turning his attention back to the fallen trooper, listening to the whispers in the Force that spoke of life as he pressed one hand to white armour. “Your friend is fine. He was out cold, but now he’s just sleeping. And don’t tell me the First Order doesn’t have friends. I’ve run into your type before.” “You know who we are.” Kylo just grunted, and when he rose to his feet the trooper’s helmeted gaze followed him. Kylo didn’t offer him a hand, and eventually the trooper stood on his own, tugging at his friend’s arm. Should have killed him , the darkness in Kylo’s chest whispered again. Should have killed him. He’ll tell. He’ll tell Hux . But he pushed the darkness aside and, after a moment, stooped down to help as well, exhaling, and together, silently, they made their way to the entrance of the cavern, dragging the limp body of FN-2003 behind them as they made their way to the entrance. Kylo wasn’t even surprised when two more troopers met them halfway their, guns trained immediately on Kylo’s dark form, and he didn’t resist when they came behind him and pushed him forward into the brightness of the main cavern where a tall chromed trooper stood waiting next to the imposing figure of one Colonel Hux. Unlike his troops, Hux wore no armour, only a dark coat that fell nearly to the floor, the sleeves bearing his new rank for all to see. Hux’s disdain and anger was surprisingly raw, and Kylo laughed as he breathed it in, letting his eyes flutter shut as the troopers pushed him to his knees. He could kill them all, he told himself. He was not as helpless as they thought. “Sir, this is the intruder,” one of the troopers—not 2187, Kylo noted, who was watching the proceedings with, oh , was that guilt ?—said, pressing their gun to the back of Kylo’s head. “Search him,” the chromed trooper said, and Kylo grunted as the others immediately began to paw at the pale grey coat he’d been wearing, feeling a spark of anxiety and fear unfurl in his gut at the thought of the troopers finding his ‘sabers. He was quick to reach out with the Force, to push into their minds, and he barely managed to conceal a relieved sigh when all they pulled out was his blaster, the sound of it clattering to the icy floor of the temple echoing in the air. “I’ll make this quick,” Hux said then, his boots connecting sharply with the ground as he marched to stand in front of Kylo. Kylo kept his head down, breathing into the dark scarf that kept the cold from freezing the lower half of his face. “I want to know how you knew about this place, and why you are here.” Kylo laughed lowly. Hux stiffened. “Believe me,” he said, lowering his voice, “I didn’t expect anyone to be here.” He wasn’t prepared for the rough hands that suddenly seized his jaw, but he allowed it to happen, keeping his body still as Hux wrenched his chin up, exposing his eyes and the tips of the three scars. For a moment there was only silence as Hux stared at him, and Kylo almost took pleasure in the way Hux’s eyes— blue , Kylo thought, blue like the ice, how strange, thought they were green —flared. He wondered, distantly, where his crew was. “Phasma,” Hux said. His voice was steady, and Kylo felt vaguely impressed. He continued to hold Hux’s gaze until Hux released his jaw and straightened, turning to the gathered troopers. “Leave us. I will deal with this.” “Sir—“ “That’s an order, Captain,” Hux barked, and this time the chromed trooper merely inclined her head, turning to order her troops out. Kylo didn’t miss the way the one from the cavern looked at him as he marched by, but he had little time to ponder it, for as soon as they were gone—crawling out the hole Kylo had made earlier—Hux whirled around, his hands grabbing roughly at the front of Kylo’s coat, and Kylo did nothing but grunt as Hux’s gloved hands tore the hood from his face, catching his hair. He felt the coolness of leather against his skin as Hux’s hands skimmed down his temples, and then Hux was tugging the scarf from his face and Kylo swallowed back the old anxiety by telling himself that this was nothing Hux hadn’t seen before. “You,” he breathed as soon as Kylo’s face was revealed, his thumbs pressing against the scar that split Kylo’s bottom lip. “What the hell are you doing here?” But the harshness of his words was belayed by the way his hands abruptly softened, tracing the scars, disbelieving, and Kylo didn’t know what to do with this. He’d dreamed about it, imagined what it would feel like were Hux to touch his face again, the way no one ever had, but he had not expected it to be here, on a forgotten planet on the fringes of space, the ice cold under his knees and the— “Hux,” he said, and was surprised when he felt Hux’s hands shake and then withdraw. “You shouldn’t be here. This mine is property of the First Order. I have orders to kill anyone who stumbles upon it. We’ve never had any problems until you. Why was your purpose?” Kylo breathed in and out for a few moments to steady himself. “The crystals,” he said, evading the question. “You’re mining the crystals.” “What do you know of them?” Hux demanded, his words heated, but he didn’t protest when Kylo pushed himself to his feet. “I know they’ll fetch a hefty price,” Kylo said, voice like gravel. “If the First Order is keen on extracting them, I assume you know their weaponised benefits, as the Empire did. Must you ask?” Hux’s hands clenched. “You should not be here,” he repeated. “I have orders.” “So you’ll shoot me, Hux, is that it?” Kylo queried, forcing the edge out of his voice as best he could. He suspected the efforts were in vain. He didn’t want this to end in bloodshed, didn’t want to raise a weapon against Hux, but he would. He would if he had to. “Hux. You don’t have to do this. You know I can keep a secret. I told no one about Lehon—“ Hux moved fast, and within a few seconds Kylo found himself slammed against one of the pillars that dotted the cavern, his head connecting sharply with the dark stone. The Force swirled around him and as he breathed in he knew, he knew it would be simple, so simple to push Hux back, to strangle him and run, but with a gasp he swallowed that urge, ignoring the way something hot lurched in his gut as Hux’s elbow came up to push against his throat. “All I know,” Hux hissed, “is that the moment I turned my back you stole First Order property and almost cost me my promotion. The Commandant—“ fatherfatherfather , Hux’s mind screamed “—was displeased, to say the least.” Kylo said nothing, focusing on breathing, but when he dared to push his mind out, to feel Hux’s ( familiar , Kylo’s own mind registered, sharp ), he was surprised to find that kernel of hurt still buried there, beneath everything else, and he couldn’t help but laugh, though with Hux nearly cutting off his air supply it came out as more of a wheeze. “Upset because I didn’t say goodbye?” he said, sucking in a breath when Hux stepped back as though burned, beginning to pace. Kylo rubbed his throat, then huffed. “Hux. Had I stepped off that gangplank, your little soldier friends would have arrested and executed me for knowing the location of your base. You know this.” They would have known. They would have seen what you have yet to . Kylo knew this, too. Hux, however, narrowed his eyes, his hands clenching at his side, body tense with repressed energy. “ I had to pay for letting you escape, for the fact that you could have told everyone where we were and—“ Hux breathed in sharply. “They promoted me, you know, and were confused when I asked to come here, to this wasteland. In the days of the Empire this was considered a punishment. They laughed.” Hux’s eyes took on a slight sheen, and his voice softened to a threatening lilt. “They’ll regret that. There are eyes on us, on my work, that you wouldn’t believe. The people who matter know my worth. They know what I plan to be capable of, and you, you’re nothing .” Hux’s voice lost its conviction on that last word, but it struck a painful chord in Kylo’s chest, despite the fact that Kylo could recognise a mantra when he heard it. Instead of responding he collected his thoughts and then reached out, carefully, his fingers grazing Hux’s clothed hands as the man stopped in front of him. Small , he remembered. Delicate . What is he planning to make them capable of? “A weapon,” Kylo breathed. He didn’t know what type—surely they would not try to recreate the Death Star, not when that had failed twice, so perhaps there was something else, a schematic the First Order had recovered from the archives of the Empire—but it didn’t matter. Hux’s eyes snapped to his face, and his hand trembled for the blaster Kylo knew now to be hidden under his cloak. “You need the crystals for weapons, is that it? Are you building another Death Star? Reinforcing your ships? Oh, Hux, have some originality. You know the Republic would be on you the second you stepped into known space.” “Shut up, Kylo,” Hux hissed, and then he was in Kylo’s space again, a hand pressed to his mouth. “I don’t like being in someone’s debt, and it is only because I regrettably owe you on multiple counts that I am not blowing your brains out across the ice right now.” Were you anyone else, Kylo heard, with suddenly clarity , I still would have . The thought made his eyes widen, and suddenly he wanted , more than he had ever wanted before, wanted this strange man with his delicate bones and his anger. When he’d been a teenager Ben had stolen away to Mos Eisley once and spent the evening sequestered in the corner of a cantina, watching with rapt eyes as people of all shapes and sizes mingled, and his attention had caught on one in particular, a man with curly brown hair and an easy smile that had made Ben’s heart flutter in his chest. When he’d returned to Skywalker not even the disappointed, worried expression his uncle had given him had been enough to make Ben forget that, and he’d spent several nights furtively jerking off under the covers of his bed, stifling small moans into his pillow. When he’d left Tatooine he’d fallen into bed with Madana, once, after the Myrmidon had fallen to him and he’d been floundering under the responsibility of watching a ship and severely reduced crew, but since then his bed partners had been few and far in between and he’d never craved , not like this, so when Hux removed his hand Kylo felt his tongue flick out, connecting with the leather of Hux’s glove, and he revelled in the way Hux gasped. When the anger in Hux’s eyes turned to a different heat all Kylo could think was, got you . “Hux,” he breathed when the hand on his mouth loosened minutely, something in Hux’s face wavering in the face of whatever he saw in Kylo’s eyes. Alonealone , Hux’s mind whispered, thoughts racing, and Kylo saw in him the same desire he saw in himself: to be strong, to be respected for a legacy built from the ground, to never be at anyone else’s mercy ever again, and to have someone who understood that urge, who would stand by him. Hux was alone, like Kylo was alone, but beyond that there was something else in Hux that Kylo lacked: an ever-present, all-consuming need for control over others that he’d missed that time fleeing Nar Shaddaa, even though it’d been written in the way Hux had handled him, the way he’d commanded him, the way he’d touched Kylo’s face like… like there was something worth claiming. Owning. Kylo was a leader, he ordered his crew, he kept them alive, but he was a leader only insofar that he was the most adept at protecting his crew, and his unspoken command hadn’t stopped him from locking himself in his quarters some nights while Madana and Bia were planetside, taking himself in hand to fantasies of being able to give up that control, of being taken care of, so when Hux’s breathing shifted, a low heat burning in his eyes, Kylo lowered his lashes, let his tongue dart out against the supple leather of Hux’s gloves, and surrendered to him. “Please,” he whispered into the emptiness of the cavern, sighing deeply when he saw something in Hux’s eyes give, not fighting when Hux’s hand was whisked away to be replaced by a demanding mouth and an insistent tongue. “You,” Hux snarled, hands tearing at the front of Kylo’s jacket, “couldn’t stop thinking about you. I would have protected you, stars know why. I would have told the Commandant no. Wouldn’t have let them have you.” “Hux,” Kylo whispered, because yes you would have would have broken the spell, because they would have known Ben where they didn’t know Kylo could not be spoken, because for a moment I considered joining you gave away too much of whatever this thing between them was, and stars, it shouldn’t have existed in the first place. Kylo knew that. A murder on the Smuggler’s Moon, reverent touches in a silent room, those hours spent on Hux’s ship wondering with that strange thing hovering between them, none of these things should have happened, none of them should have mattered, and yet they had, they did, and Kylo couldn’t help the faint whimper that left him when he felt one of Hux’s hands slide into his coat, working past layers to press against the bare skin underneath, though he had the presence of mind to grasp Hux’s hands when they threatened to trail to his hip, where the yellow ‘saber remained clipped to his belt. “Hux, I—“ he started, but broke off with another whimper as Hux’s teeth latched onto his bottom lip and sucked and pulled , Hux taking the time to pin Kylo’s hands above his head as he did so. “Obscene,” Hux said as Kylo blinked at him, mouth falling open in question, shuddering when Hux pressed his free hand against Kylo’s lower lip. “Wanted this on the ship, ever since I saw your face. Never thought I’d have the chance when you left.” He was touching the scar again, Kylo noted dimly, and the old urge to hide his face away presented itself, because like that time on the ship—the ship he had stolen and sold after scrapping bits of it to upgrade the Myrmidon —he was showing Hux too much, too soon. “Sometimes,” Hux said idly, tracing the scars again, and Kylo distantly registered the growing tightness in his pants, “I’d wonder if you died. Entertained the idea of sending men out after you, to bring you to me, and dismissed it each time. A waste of resources. That’s what you would have been. That is what you are . You’re in my head, and I cannot get you out when my attention would be better focused elsewhere.” Kylo could not stop the laughter, his mind abuzz, but then Hux was pulling back and Kylo’s eyes were widening as he felt hands fumble at the wraps that lay under his coat, trying to get to his pants. “Hux,” Kylo tried. “We’re in an ice temple. We can’t—“ “Shut up,” Hux said, falling to his knees. “I don’t want to hear you speak.” Kylo used the opportunity to shift, to push his yellow ‘saber around to the small of his back where Hux could not see it. “Besides,” Hux continued, “you won’t be cold for long.” “What—“ but the question was lost when Hux pulled off his gloves and managed to tug his pants down his hips enough to get at his cock, which he promptly swallowed down without another word, causing Kylo to throw his head back with a throaty moan, hurriedly stripping his own gloves off so that he could knock Hux’s hat aside and bury his fingers in Hux’s gelled hair. “Stars,” he gasped, mouth falling open, “Hux, yes —“ Hux smirked around his cock, emitting a throaty chuckle that made Kylo’s legs quiver—had it really been that long?—as he scrambled for purchase against the stone, one leg moving of its own accord to wrap around Hux’s back, drawing him closer as he tried to fuck into that wet heat, mewling when Hux drew back with a warning drag of his teeth. He wondered if the chromed captain or any of the stormtroopers would come looking for Hux if they remained here too long, but the thought was snuffed out as Hux’s lips teased the tip of his cock, his tongue pushing at the slit before he swallowed him again, warm where everything else was pervasive and cold. He moaned, the sound reverberating from deep within his chest as Hux hollowed his cheeks. Obscene , Hux had said, and he thought he understood what that meant now, watching Hux’s mouth move up and down his cock, his hair a mess from Kylo’s fingers. Kylo could feel the lightsaber digging into his back, but he couldn’t bring himself to move, losing himself to the sensations, and Kylo didn’t know why he wanted this, didn’t know why he needed it, needed Hux , only knew that he did and— His release caught him by surprise and, by the way Hux gagged and drew back abruptly, coughing, he wasn’t the only one. Kylo, boneless, slid down the pillar until he was seated on the ground, grateful for the way the length of his coat prevented his bare bottom from touching the ice, one leg still wrapped around Hux’s back. “Mm,” Hux said consideringly before he dribbled the residual come in his mouth onto his palm, an action that made Kylo’s head spin. Kylo distantly registered that it was cold, and was momentarily grateful for the fact that the temple hid them from Ilum’s fierce storms before Hux was standing, tugging him back up. “Turn around for me, Kylo,” he hissed against Kylo’s ear and Kylo, dazed, obeyed without question, pretending not to notice the way Hux’s mind flared with satisfaction as he did so before he abruptly started as one of Hux’s hands slid between his thighs, rubbing the come there, before moving up over his ass. “No lube,” Kylo tried to say, but he broke off with a small moan as Hux nosed against his neck and pulled the scarf off completely, throwing it to the ground. “I want to mark you,” Hux whispered fiercely, rubbing between his cheeks. “I want to take my time with this, to pull you apart. If we had more time…” And that, Kylo thought, drifting, was the thing, wasn’t it? If they had more time. Were they anyone else. But they didn’t, and they weren’t. They were a smuggler and a military man alone with the bones of the past and the buried secrets of a dead age encased in ice, and so Hux didn’t try to breach him, as Kylo feared he might have otherwise. Instead, Kylo heard Hux curse and the sound of fabric being pushed aside, of a belt being undone. “Spread your legs,” Hux hissed against his ear, biting at one of Kylo’s lobes, one hand smoothing over Kylo’s ass. When Kylo obeyed that, too, he felt Hux’s lust grow, and when Hux whispered a low good against his skin and rubbed his hands at the wet mess between Kylo’s legs Kylo’s spent cock gave a minute twitch. “What are you—“ he began, slurred, but Hux interrupted him with a quick ssh . Kylo distantly registered Hux smearing more of Kylo’s own come between his thighs, and then something hard was slipped between his spread legs. Kylo’s breath caught when he realised what it was, and he whimpered when Hux commanded him to close his legs again, something he did with sluggish movements, barely able to do more than brace himself face-first against the crumbling, etched column as Hux began to fuck the area between his thighs. “Oh,” Kylo said, and Hux laughed, low and throaty, his fingers holding tight Kylo’s hips as he began to build up a rhythm that made Kylo breathe deepy. Slowly, he buried his face in the crook of his own elbow, and was surprised when Hux reached up to grab his chin. “Look at me, Kylo,” he demanded, and Kylo could do nothing but acquiesce, his eyes holding Hux’s firmly as Hux began to thrust harder, quicker, until he was spilling between Kylo’s thighs with a stifled moan, those brilliant eyes sliding shut, helpless against the throes of pleasure. “Fuck,” Hux muttered after a few moments, pressing his head against Kylo’s lowered fur hood. Kylo could only hum, body still feeling weak, conscious of the way Hux’s come dripped uncomfortably down his thighs and into his clothes, rapidly cooling in the air of the cavern, even with his skin still heated as it was. “Hux,” he murmured, pushing away from the column, only to freeze at the look on Hux’s face—want, need, pure and simple. Kylo resisted the urge to tremble, an old shame creeping up in him. Before he could give into it he stepped forward, tucking Hux back into his pants with an almost hesitant gentleness, pretending not to feel the way Hux watched him. Reality was beginning to set in, and with it a curl of anxiety. He pulled up his own pants, suddenly uncaring of the mess. They had fucked in a cave the Jedi had once held to be sacred. Kylo wondered if any of those spirits were looking at him with disgust: Anakin Skywalker’s bloodline defiling sacred Jedi traditions once again. Then he remembered he was no Jedi, that the Jedi were weak, fractured and broken by old traditions, and he told himself it didn’t matter. Perhaps this would have finally provoked Skywalker into the anger he had always been determined not to show, had he known, and the thought was enough to sober Kylo. He looked away from Hux and the strange, possessive softness in his eyes, the one that made them look green instead of that icy blue. “Are you going to turn me in,” Kylo said lowly, “now that you’ve gotten what you wanted?” The words made Hux stiffen, the softness snuffed out abruptly, and Kylo instantly regretted them when Hux’s mind closed off, losing the warmth that had been contentedly hazing his otherwise sharp thoughts. Kylo watched warily as Hux picked up his discarded gloves and hat, putting them on with military precision. “You escaped,” Hux intoned. “You had backup. You knocked me out and left me here, and in my embarrassment I ensured that your presence was never recorded in the official databanks. No one has to know we gave into this weakness. Consider us even, Kylo.” Then he spun on his heels and turned, marching towards the hole Kylo had cut in the durasteel door. “Hux!” Kylo called before he could stop himself, and he ached at the way Hux’s shoulders tensed, at the sudden burst of nodon’t , weakweakweak, that he could hear in Hux’s mind. Kylo licked his chapped lips before he crept forward, reaching out to curl one hand around Hux’s clothed wrist. He didn’t know what he wanted to say, only that he needed to make this better, so that they could part on good terms; so that, selfishly, he could look back on this memory with fondness instead of bitter regret. Slowly, carefully, he slid Hux’s hat off, exhaling when Hux didn’t stop him. “You need a bigger coat,” Kylo whispered into Hux’s soft hair, wincing at the awkward flatness of his voice. He pressed on. “You’re so small. I thought about that a lot on the ship, and after. How small you are. I looked at you in that club and thought you were weak. The Weequay captain thought you were weak, but then you pulled that trigger without hesitation. Not a weakling at all. Strong. ” A pause. Hux was trembling and so Kylo said, quietly, “you could come with me. When I leave.” Hux turned abruptly and Kylo braced himself for a blow, but Hux kissed him instead, deep and needy and possessive, tongue running across the scars on Kylo’s upper and lower lips. When Hux pulled back and reached up to stroke his face again Kylo didn’t need to hear the answer to know what it was. “No.” It was said softly, the way Kylo had said it with his actions when he’d stolen that ship and fled Lehon, leaving Hux and his First Order behind. No . No to this nameless thing they both felt but could not have. This is goodbye , Kylo realised. The Force wouldn’t be so kind as to bring them together a third time, and so he dragged Hux into another kiss, greedy and rough. This time, when Hux turned to leave, Kylo didn’t stop him, and he didn’t move for a long time, standing awkwardly in the middle of that cavern with the ghosts of Jedi long dead tittering and laughing at him. Slowly, almost mechanically, he reached into his bag and pulled out his grandfather’s lightsaber, his fingers clenching on the familiar hilt. He couldn’t leave it here now, but suddenly that didn’t seem to matter as much. Kylo had the new kyber crystal, and on the Myrmidon were the other parts he needed. He would take Anakin Skywalker’s lightsaber back with him and he would bury it deep in the little chest of artefacts he kept in his room and maybe one day he would return to Skywalker and give it back to him, or perhaps he would give it to Rey, who had marvelled at it all the times Ben had allowed her to see it. “Boss?” a light voice queried, and Kylo looked up to see Madana standing by Kylo’s makeshift entrance, a look of knowing on his face. “They’re gone. Bia is back at the ship. We’re merely awaiting your return.” Kylo breathed in, his chest suddenly, painfully tight, hatred for the Force bleeding from every orifice as if he could chase it away with the strength of his emotions. It took everything, absolutely everything, no matter how many times Kylo had sworn he wouldn’t become its slave, like the Jedi. He felt hesitant fingers at his shoulder, and breathed in as he felt Madana project a series of calming emotions at him—not happy ones, never happy ones, for Madana knew Kylo wouldn’t appreciate that, that Kylo only tolerated this subtle manipulation to an extent. When Ben Organa-Solo had fled his family he had done so with the clothes on his back and as many credits as he could carry after selling the speeder he’d stolen from Skywalker to get there. He knew, now, that his venture could have ended differently. Knew how the lie of his new name had tumbled unconvincingly from his tongue, and how the then-captain of the Myrmidon , a man who had lived but two weeks after Kylo had begged passage aboard his vessel, had been moments from tossing him out until Madana had sidled up to him, whispering lowly, convincing him that the man (boy) who had once been Ben meant them no harm. Kylo had felt the projected emotions and reeled back, suddenly afraid of this beautiful man with his pale blue hair and bright pink skin, but in the end, it was Madana who had helped set the course of his new life, Madana who had accepted his new name, Madana who had remained after a battle with a rival smuggling group had left the Myrmidon crippled without her captain. Madana had calmed Kylo then, too, projecting soothing emotions at Kylo’s blinding rage until Kylo’s breathing had regulated and he had been able to deactivate his grandfather’s lightsaber, clutched tightly in his hand, the bodies of the rival crew dead in a circle around him. When Kylo had become captain of the Myrmidon , Madana had supported that, too. It was why Madana was the only one he trusted to support him now. “Come on,” Madana murmured then, and Kylo nodded curtly, numbly, retrieving his scarf and wrapping it around his face before he zipped his coat back up and pulled his hood over his hair. He wasn’t foolish enough to think Madana didn’t know what had happened, but his second was gracious enough not to mention it, and Kylo wondered, for the umpteenth time, what had happened to make Madana as he was, so different from any other Zeltron Kylo had ever met, but in the end it didn’t matter. They all had secrets. It wasn’t his job to pry when they left him and his well enough alone. The winds of Ilum bit through his gear when he slipped out of the temple, but Kylo didn’t shiver. Instead, as he and Madana walked back to where they’d hidden the Myrmidon , he thought about his mother, and how much it would validate her to know what was happening out here; how her eyes would shine with that passionate edge it always got when she was involved in a cause. But then he thought of Hux, of the way he had looked at Kylo with that strange fondness, of how Hux had trusted him to walk away and say nothing instead of killing him, and he swallowed that urge. Leia Organa didn’t need her son for anything. She and Solo had made that all too clear when they’d thrown Ben away on Tatooine, too wrapped up in their own wars and their own desires to bother with their son’s. He wouldn’t tell anyone. As far as he was concerned, there was nothing to tell. Hux and his First Order would do as they would, and Kylo would stay out of their way, as he stayed out of Organa’s reach and Solo’s thoughts—Hux’s too, eventually. Hux would forget him now that he’d satisfied his curiosity and he would return to his remnant and Kylo would do as he had been doing since he left Skywalker and his students: he would make his own path, and he would not interfere in this conflict of ideologies. War would not be his legacy. But for some reason, the thought was not as comforting as it used to be. Notes: One more part to go. Sorry for the wait! I spend way too much time on the Star Wars wiki. Please let me know what you think (I thrive on feedback, especially when I'm new to something) and come cry about kylux with me on tumblr c: