After so many nights of torture at the citadel, truly waking up beside Hux is nearly startling in how much comfort it brings. Just his resting face is enough to make Kylo’s heart throb; brow lax, mouth slack, rosy cheeks squished comfortably against his pillow… His hair is an absolute mess. Kylo gazes at him for a long few minutes. “You’re a handsome man, Hux.” He wants to touch Hux’s hair, maybe tug Hux into his arms and fall back asleep. That’d probably wake Hux, though. He doesn’t trust that Hux is a deep enough sleeper for gestures like that – the General is a survivalist and probably wakes at the sound of a pin drop. Much more rested, clear-headed and healthier than the cycle before, Kylo is able to influence Hux to stay asleep while he crawls on top of him. He kisses Hux’s neck, feels Hux getting hard against the thigh he’s wedged between Hux’s legs; he kisses Hux’s cheek, the lobe of his ear, his nose and then his lips. When he pulls away, Hux sighs out, “ Kylo …” He’s not awake, though. Kylo smiles as he looks over the bruises he’s left on Hux’s skin from the sleep cycle before and he’s inclined to make more. He would like to have the element of surprise – of spontaneity – but he remembers Hux’s vivid memory of waking up to being assaulted. Kylo wants no part in that – he doesn’t want to remind Hux of such a terrible thing and he doesn’t want to thrust Hux into a panic. To avoid unintentionally hurting Hux, Kylo gradually loosens his hold over Hux’s dream state and continues to kiss him; his ear, his jaw, his hairline, the corner of his lips, those long, red lashes to wake him up slowly. When Hux does wake up, it’s with an audible intake, his eyes flutter open and Kylo can feel the memories of their night together surfacing his frontal lobe. He’s still sleepy-eyed, his heart remains at its typical thirty-three beats per minute and he’s rose-tinted. “My Knight,” Hux greets, voice low and coarse. Heart sort of fluttering, Kylo smiles and kisses Hux’s lips, whispering against them, “yes, yours.” “Thought it may have all been a dream.” “Very much real,” Kylo assures, “Any regrets?” Hux’s hands find themselves in Kylo’s hair, curtaining both their faces. He pulls Kylo down to kiss him chastely and then answers, “none. I can feel there’s something on your mind, though. Are you having regrets?” “Quite the opposite. I’d like to have your body again,” Kylo admits, face a little flushed, “I’m not ready to return to reality.” Hux’s cock throbs against his thigh and he combs his fingers through Kylo’s hair, pushing it back only to have it fall around them again. Hux seems to like that, for whatever reason – that it all falls back down around them again. Kylo isn’t sure what else Hux might expect – his hair won’t just float wherever Hux pushes it to, but inexplicably, Hux’s energy is rather delighted by the falling of it. “What might you like from it?” “Would you be willing to lie prone for me?” There’s a short twinge of anxiety from Hux’s feedback, but there’s heavy curiosity and overwhelming trust as well. “… I’d be willing.” He sits up on his elbows and Kylo moves down Hux’s body, giving him space. Hux reaches over to the bedside table and gets his holopad, explaining simply, “I need to alert Phasma that I’m not dead but will be late on the bridge. She’s bound to be livid.” Nodding, Kylo watches as Hux turns over on his bed, belly-down, elbows up, typing on his holopad. Kylo can see from over Hux’s bedhead that he has several ‘urgent,’ inboxes and it looks like most of them are from Phasma. He starts typing and Kylo looks down Hux’s body. That bright red hair is a thing of beauty, the flush that moves down his face to his neck and chest also appears on his shoulders. He has freckles there as well – on his shoulders. He has a very angular back, that diagonal scar Brendol left on him Kylo is tempted to touch. He’d like to kiss it, to pet over it, but he isn’t sure Hux would like that. He resolves to ask at another time. Kylo’s hands have never seemed so broad before, but they’re wide when they spread over Hux’s flanks. He sees goosebumps rise on Hux’s skin from his delicate touches and he likes it – he likes every reaction Hux’s body gives. He leans down, kissing the back of Hux’s neck, down his spine and Hux makes small, appreciative noises to each one. It’s a sweet, intimate thing. He kisses the indents at the small of Hux’s back, massages his hands down Hux’s thighs and when he palms Hux’s cheeks apart he senses another flare of anxiety. He looks up to see Hux’s face half-turned over his shoulder. Kylo opens his mind to Hux, inviting him inside. You are still in control, my dear General. Hux doesn’t reply, but he makes a visible effort to relax. He goes back to typing, thinking that keeping his hands busy will somehow distract him from Kylo staring and touching at his naked body. Kylo already knows Hux won’t be able to ignore him. He’s counting on it. He lies down, pulls up close and wastes no time before broadly stroking Hux’s perineum with the flat of his tongue. Hux’s legs twitch and his shoulders jump; he’s nervous, but he’s trusting Kylo and Kylo is grateful for it. Your freckles look like cinnamon. Shut up. He drags his tongue up, between Hux’s cheeks and to the satin-soft skin of his hole. Hux’s entire body reacts at once, but Kylo senses pleasure. Some trepidation – this is unexplored territory to Hux. Kylo thinks that it’s finally fair – them being on the same page of not knowing what it will feel like. He licks again and can’t help but notice this is much more pleasant than he first thought it would be. Hux still smells and tastes freshly showered, there’s his natural musk and the cologne and scent of Hux’s skin on the sheets, but that pink, puckered skin is almost sweet. Kylo wonders if he is the only one who could ever taste sweetness on Hux – Hux is certainly not a sweet man. No matter the case, Kylo finds he wants to continue – not really for Hux’s sake, but for his own. He likes the sensation of Hux’s skin under his tongue, feeling him twitch and listening to him gasp. The sweetness is hypnotizing and Kylo’s tongue moves a lot like his hips did the night before; continuously, spiritedly and involuntarily. He doesn’t know how many minutes pass before he chances a lidded glance up and sees Hux has abandoned his holopad and is gripping at his pillow, his shoulders high by his red ears. Tell me out loud – do you like this? He hears Hux groan and Hux feels him smile in return. “Y-yes.” Yes, what? “Fuck you, Ren.” Later, I would like that – tell me that you like this. He’s been salivating over Hux’s skin; that crevasse between Hux’s freckled cheeks is dripping now, down his body and down Kylo’s chin; probably making a mess of the sheets. Hux grips his pillow harder and, his breath ragged, he replies, “I like this – I like your mouth on me – hanh !” Kylo twists his tongue and plunges into Hux’s body, loosening his hold and letting Hux’s cheeks surround him, burying himself in Hux. He’s a little shocked when he feels Hux press back against him, but he loves it too, sends silent encouragements to Hux to indulge – to push back as much as he likes, to give him instruction if he so desires. Hux can’t form a coherent thought back and Kylo prides himself on that. Bringing his knees in and up, Hux exposes himself more openly and Kylo’s ego is fed in a big way; Hux may have taken Kylo into his body before, but he was in no way submissive. Now, though, Hux lying prone, spread, panting, unprepared for an onslaught of pleasure – submissive is a good look on him, Kylo decides. He laves way, licking into Hux, around that sensitive, soft, pink skin and he feels Hux trembling under him, can hear him struggling to breathe, can sense his heart pounding at fifty beats per minute. It’s beautiful. This time, when a voice comes over the comm, Kylo doesn’t stop for it. “Hux! What do you mean you’ll be late? What the Hells is going on? Did you kill Kylo Ren last night? Because if you did, we need a cover story and fast –“ Hux’s clumsy, shaking hand reaches for his comm, always close to the bed and he replies, “n-no, Ren’s not dead – I – I’ll just be late.” There’s a sort of thrill in knowing how Phasma hates him now, a thrill in thinking she could storm in at any moment and find Hux debauched, flushed and boneless. He licks in broad circles around Hux’s perineum, applying hot, wet pressure and then dragging his tongue up again, circling Hux teasingly and then licking back into him. There’s drool sliding down Hux’s sac and he’s in no condition to speak. Kylo should stop, but what’s sex without a little agony? “Is he there with you? What happened last –“ “ Ah !” The comm is switched off for a second and Hux glares over his shoulder to Kylo. It’s hard to take any anger from Hux seriously when his fiery hair is going in every direction and his face is so flustered. Feel free to tell Phasma you rode my cock through the entire sleep cycle, I don’t mind. Ren, I will ruin you. Hux, dear, you already have. Shutting his eyes again, Kylo focuses his efforts back on making Hux as wet as humanly possible – he cherishes the way that hole twitches excitedly around his tongue. He’s eager to be inside Hux again and Hux can feel that. “Hux – what was that? Are you okay?” “I’m fine – just – ah – just hold the proverbial fort down un-un til I can g-get there.” Aggravated that he can’t silence himself enough to be professional, Hux tucks his head down against the mattress, letting out a desperate, sobbing sound against the bed in the hopes it will be too muffled for the comm to pick up. “You don’t sound fine, what in the Hells is going on, Hux?” Hux growls, pulls the comm close to his mouth and says in one, rushed breath, “Phasma, I will be in touch with you as soon – as soon as possible, but I swear, if you comm me one more time, I will sic Ren on the entire crew of Aurora .” “So he is there?!” Hux shuts his comm off and tosses it off the bed, pulling his pillow to his face, arching his back and pushing against Kylo’s tongue, whining openly. Do you think you could come like this? From just my tongue? Hux isn’t sure – there’s too much sensory input for him to cobble together a verbal or nonverbal response. I want to fuck you again, Hux. Will you let me? Yes, but not like this. Want to face you. I’d like that. There’s a sense of confusion from Hux when Kylo doesn’t stop licking at him after that; Kylo sends to Hux how much pleasure he’s deriving from it and Hux is inexplicably embarrassed. Kylo can’t understand why. He enjoys the rare moments that Hux is shy, though. It’s a side to him not many people ever see. At some point, Kylo feels something pressed against his shoulder. When he opens his eyes to see what it is, he sees Hux’s trembling hand holding out the slick they used before. Smirking, sensing how restless Hux is becoming, Kylo takes it and watches Hux’s arm go back to his abused pillow. He repeats what Hux taught him before; one finger, gently, two fingers, slowly and two fingers is definitely something Hux likes. Two fingers is precisely when he starts moaning and arching and Kylo thinks this might be the best seat in the house; he can watch all of the muscles in Hux’s back clenching and unclenching, how his shoulders stiffen, how his body shivers, he can watch the serpentine shape of Hux’s spine as he rolls to meet Kylo’s fingers. Third finger is introduced even more slowly and Kylo takes the opportunity to lick around his fingers and thoughtlessly drain some of Hux’s pain away. He’s still sore from the first time, just hours ago and Kylo has no desire for Hux to be in pain. He knows when the pain has dissipated because Hux lets out a Heavenly, relaxed sigh. Let me turn over. Withdrawing his fingers, he watches Hux fall onto his back. You are truly something to behold. Hux’s face turns redder somehow. Shut up. I mean it. I know, I can feel it. Don’t you like it when I dote on you? I like it when you dote on me. Hux rolls his eyes and says, “of course you do.” Hitching Hux’s legs over his shoulders, Kylo kneels and takes himself in hand, guiding himself into Hux gradually. The pleasure is white hot and just the sounds Hux makes could make him come. Now, though, from this position, he can watch himself disappear into Hux’s body and it has an almost mind-numbing effect on him. He can think of nothing else – was there ever artwork? Was there ever a sunset, nebulae, oceans or meadows? No – there has only ever been the awe-inspiring beauty and perfection of Kylo’s body fitting into Hux’s like it belongs there, like they’re two puzzle pieces that have finally fallen together. He moves his arms to fit under Hux’s lifted thighs so he can part Hux’s cheeks and watch his cock spread Hux’s skin. Everything is shining, wet and tight. Hux intentionally squeezes around him and Kylo’s nails dig into his thighs. He shuts his eyes, trying to concentrate on not coming immediately or letting his inexperience show. He feels Hux’s ankles cross from behind his neck and he opens his eyes, curious as to why. “Come here, you menace,” Hux encourages with a sweetness contradictory to his words. Without hesitation, Kylo follows the order, just about folding Hux in half, burying himself deeper the more he lowers himself. Hux’s head lolls back, his neck arching, stretching for Kylo to bite into. “Fuck, yes ,” Hux hisses and Kylo feels his cock throb inside Hux; his teeth tighten around the freckled tendons of Hux’s neck. Hux rewards him for the pleasure/pain by curling his waist, rubbing around the head of Kylo’s cock with the inner walls of his body. Sucking and licking a bruise into where he’d bitten, Kylo starts thrusting slowly, patiently, every move of his body even and paced. Hux’s noises are subdued, but the stirred buzzing inside his head transfers directly into Kylo’s and Kylo can feel the way Hux’s legs are shaking against him too; his pleasure is obvious, it doesn’t have to be loud. Looking down at Hux is more than hypnotizing – Kylo has never cared about anything more in the galaxy. He looks down at Hux and he’s overcome with a need to protect, to cherish, to worship and adore. He’s so taken, so enthralled just looking at Hux and thinking to himself that Hux is his lover, Hux cares for him, forgives him, wants him – Hux senses this through their open channel and makes a high whine – Kylo would think it sounds cute if he weren’t so distracted with how incredible Hux is. He moves Hux’s legs to wrap around his waist so he can bring himself closer to Hux and the angle allows him to start hitting that special bundle of nerves Hux loses his higher brain functions over. Hux’s jaw slackens while the rest of him tightens up, his breathing takes on a sort of vibrato. Kylo wants to speak. He wants to say something so badly, but he isn’t sure what. That’s not entirely true – he knows what he wants to say, but he’s never said it before and he’s not even sure he knows how to. Hux is beautiful, Hux is mighty, Hux is the rose garden and the snake hiding beneath it, Hux’s sighs and spoken words are music, Hux’s lean, flexible body is poetry, his eyes are all of space and time – Hux is everything good, unreal and terrifying the universe has to offer. He is everything . Opening his eyes, Hux gasps, holding onto Kylo’s flexed upper-arms for support as Kylo rocks into him. With just a feeling pushed through to Kylo’s mind, Hux orders him to quicken his pace. Kylo does as Hux wishes, but his mind is still swirling, still a thunderous, flashing storm of truth going painfully unspoken and Hux’s nails scratch down his skin; it occurs to Kylo then that Hux might be trying to distract him from these thoughts. He doesn’t want to be distracted from them – he wants to share them. He wants them to be heard. He kisses Hux’s cheek and can sense Hux wanting to be mad at him for it for some reason, but he’s not and he can’t force himself to be. Kylo kisses Hux’s temple and Hux sighs, sounding nervous in a way. There’s a knot of tense, tingling sensation at the base of Kylo’s spine and he knows he won’t last much longer, despite wishing he could be tied to Hux like this forever. Being in Hux, a part of Hux – he’s warm, he’s safe, he needs and wants for nothing else. Hux whines again and Kylo pulls his head up to rest his forehead against Hux’s. He needs to say it. He needs to confess. He needs to say it so that it’s real. “Hux – Hux, I –“ Both Hux’s hands clamp down over his mouth and he’s shocked at first, but then when he looks down at Hux, he understands. Hux’s expression is tight with pleasure and pain, but not the type of pain Hux is entirely used to. He’s fearful again. He knows what Kylo wants to say and he won’t let Kylo say it. He shakes his head, his hair falling every which way, his eyes shut tightly, his brow knit, his lips pulled in. Don’t. Kylo’s heart twists up. Okay. I won’t. There’s a heaving sigh – it’s not one of relief. Hux lets out this sigh that’s part agony and part pleasure and part something untranslatable. He opens his eyes and they’re glassy, sparkling, open and imploring. “Kylo…” Kylo nods; he gets it. Hux is terrified. Again. Of him. And it hurts . But he gets it. He screws his eyes shut, draws his brows in and starts pounding into Hux’s body mercilessly, gripping at Hux’s waist hard enough to bruise and Hux’s hands fly to his back, clawing there. He gasps and moans, his voice rattled at every uptake. Tell me it’s good. “F-fuck, Kylo – more- more than good,” Hux says unsteadily, gravelly voice crackling like a fire, “You feel incredible – you feel amazing –“ More. “ Kylo ,” Hux begs, nails scraping down Kylo’s back, “You’re bl-bleeding perfect and I knew – anh – knew you would be, knew it – I knew it – you’re so thick, the stretch is so good – you’re – you’re so good – you’re so, so good, Kylo, fuck –“ Blood simmering, head spinning, Kylo reaches between them, takes Hux’s throbbing cock in his hand and starts moving his fist up and down in time with his thrusts. Hux unspools beneath him, eyes rolling back and shutting, legs tightening around Kylo’s waist, jugular bouncing at seventy-two beats per minute. His nails start making indents on Kylo’s back and Kylo knows there will be marks left and he loves it. He wants more. He wants Hux to mark him somehow, so the galaxy can just look at him and know ; know that he and all he is or ever could be is a living, breathing dedication of reverence to Hux. Aurelien Roane Hux. Between grinding teeth, Hux groans Kylo’s name and arches beneath him when he comes, pulsating, thick and heavy over Kylo’s fingers. He lets go, then, once Hux has come on his hand and between their bodies again – he lets his orgasm wash over him like a tidal wave and he comes deep inside Hux, rubbing and bursting against Hux’s prostate. Hux must like that sensation, because his fingers scramble for more purchase over Kylo’s back and his thighs spread wider. “Fuck…” Hux eventually mutters exhaustedly. If he were feeling lighter with a confession in the air rather than tied up in his lungs, Kylo might have laughed. He doesn’t, though. He’s weighed down by the cosmic size of what can’t pass his lips. Hux is ignoring Kylo’s troubled feedback and Kylo doesn’t blame him. “Where do we start?” Kylo’s brow furrows in curiosity, “what do you mean?” “I mean,” Hux starts breathlessly, “I – we – things were said and got a little out of hand . Jumping into bed wasn’t wise –“ “It wasn’t about thinking, Hux, it was about feeling – “ “Yes, feelings , which have brought me nothing but trouble ,” he says, as if blaming Kylo for the very existence of human emotion. “You said you didn’t regret anything.” “I don’t,” Hux answers honestly, feeling too-warm in a way that’s strangely comforting, “I… I just don’t know what we do, Ren. I mean, defect? Going rogue? Giving up the crown? I – I was overwhelmed before… if we want to be together, we need to find a way that works. Not something cobbled together in the heat of a single moment where neither of us were thinking with the heads on our shoulders.” Kylo sighs in understanding, pulling out of Hux slowly, moving to lie beside him and too worried about the answer to ask if he hurt Hux, going at him so fervently. Strangely, Kylo feels the presence of the ring in his discarded robes across the room. Hux feels some secondhand version of this and looks to Kylo with concern. “What?” Brow knitting together, Kylo leans up on his elbow, looking out over the floor to his robes where the ring can’t be seen beneath the cloth. He feels it, though. He shuts his eyes and sees that green lightsaber splintering Hux’s chest. He feels the vague, impending danger like an avalanche coming down on him, energy erupting like a supernova, but not that – not a supernova. Something else. Something he can’t see. He opens his eyes again and a sudden knowing falls over him. He stares at where he knows that ring is and answers Hux, “…I think Snoke wanted me to kill you.” “What?” “I think he knew he’d send me back after too much deprivation – I think he staged it. He made me feral, used you like you use your own officers – he lit a fire between us. I think… you were supposed to be a trap set up for me.” “He just knew we would have a fall out like that?” Hux asks. “He’s a powerful Force user and we haven’t been all that subtle, Hux.” Hux seems to want to argue that point, but he keeps his mouth shut. He follows Kylo’s eyes to the ring he can’t see. “Why would he want you to kill me?” “I have no idea,” Kylo answers honestly, “Punishment? I don’t even know if that’s right – but I’ve… I’ve had visions and I have received wisdom from the Force. There are…” This admission is somehow impossibly more difficult than the one he isn’t allowed to make. “There are things I haven’t told you, Hux,” Kylo confesses, meeting Hux’s eyes, “I didn’t want to frighten you. I have foreseen danger and it seems like every corner of the Force is pulling in at me, trying to warn me of something too far ahead I can’t see it myself.” Hux falls down into his pillows, rubbing his eyes with the heart of his palms, “stars, the Force – what corners ? What does that mean ? Where does the Force start or end? It’s nonsense – what sort of visions are you having?” “Well, the Force does have a sort of beginning,” Kylo explains, looking down at Hux and wanting to ease Hux’s climbing anxiety while knowing he can’t, “The Force has always been, but it has what Force users have always called its birthplace.” “Really?” Hux asks drily. “Yes,” Kylo informs him, “Tython – in the Deep Core. One sun, two moons, it has all manner of terrain – mountains, seas, meadows, arctic wastelands and every pebble of Tython is Force-sensitive. The entire planet crawls with midi-chlorians and it’s believed that Tython was not formed by any natural occurrence – it was formed by the Force.” “How would it do that? It’s not sentient … right?” Hux asks, still not removing his hands from his eyes, frustration mounting. “No one knows. It predates both Jedi and Sith practices. In fact, that’s where the first temples were – “ Kylo shoots upright, his eyes wide and heart hammering. Hux sits up to look at him, irritation pushed far away and all that’s left is genuine worry. He touches at Kylo’s shoulder, trying to get Kylo to look at him. “What – what?” Hux asks. “Tython,” Kylo says, jumping over Hux, off the bed and over to his robes to dig out the ring, “ Tython ! Hux ! They’re on Tython !” “Who?” Hux inquires, desperately confused, “Who is on Tython?” Kylo takes the ring into his palm and stands before the viewport. The ring is burning hot, but no voices or visions come to him. He can feel how right he is. He doesn’t need any spirit to guide him. He knows he’s figured it out. The Force has answered him – he knows what to do. “The scavenger and Luke Skywalker,” Kylo answers grimly, gripping the ring under his curled fingers. “Why would they be on Tython? How would you know?” “I can feel it, Hux. They’re on Tython – I saw, in the scavenger’s head, the map – there was an island, mountainous and uninhabited but for a single soul. It was Luke Skywalker. I’m such a fool for not realizing until now! They’re on Tython!” “Well,” Hux starts, exasperated, “what in the Hells does that mean for us?” Kylo looks to Hux. Maybe Hux doesn’t have to know about the visions. Kylo remembers Hux’s palpable fear over the gala and now he’s openly admitted to fearing death. If Kylo can get to the scavenger before she gets to Hux, he can stop this all in its tracks. Then they can figure out what to do – how to make it out of the Order alive, together. “I won’t lie to you,” Kylo says seriously, “I have more than vengeance on my mind with the scavenger and Luke Skywalker. This is bigger than that – bigger than me. I need to get to Tython – and in secret. And I’ll need your help.” Hux curls his lip, uncertain and clearly displeased, but he won’t leave Kylo now – he won’t let Kylo go into whatever darkness he’s traversing alone. He exudes loyalty and a sense of duty typically only reserved for the Order. Kylo always did think Hux would make for a good Knight. “Okay,” Hux answers, “Anything you need.” Kylo approaches the bed again and kisses Hux sweetly before promising, “this will be okay, Hux. I know what to do now.” Hux nods, putting nervous, trembling faith into Kylo and Kylo pets through Hux’s hair, smiles at him and presses their foreheads together again, “everything will be fine. I’ll protect you.” Hux kisses him once and seals his resolve. He needs to get to Tython, undetected and fast . Chapter 2 Notes: No trigger warnings for this chapter! :3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The bench in Hux’s shower stall supports Kylo as he lets Hux monopolize the hot spray. Hux looks down at him, his brow creasing. “You’re very worried,” Hux states frankly. “Mm,” Kylo hums back, distracted with how in the stars he’s going to get himself to Tython undetected. “Tell me how to help,” Hux suggests, stepping forward. Kylo looks up at him and lets Hux run soapy, much too flowery-scented fingers through his hair. He shuts his eyes, letting Hux wash him. The bliss of having the pads of Hux’s fingers massaging his head can almost distract him – if he couldn’t feel too what Hux is feeling, he might believe they were already out of the woods. He can sense Hux fighting sharp anxiety off, though. For Kylo’s sake. I’m sorry I’m worrying you. It’s precisely what I’ve been trying to avoid. Don’t apologize. Just tell me what you need. “Three ships.” The hands in Kylo’s thick hair stop moving. “What?” “Travel pods – you know what I mean,” Kylo corrects, flipping his hand vaguely, glancing up at Hux from under his lashes, “I need a team as well.” “A team?” Hux asks; Kylo can sense Hux already running through potential officer names and trooper numbers like a finger thumbing through the pages of a book, “For what?” “It’s not easy to explain,” Kylo says simply, “but I will need Nali. And Haas. Jardom too.” “To what? Be ritually sacrificed?” Hux interrogates, “What do you need with them?” Kylo stands, allowing Hux’s hands to fall from his head to his shoulders and he kisses Hux’s cheek. He presses his forehead to Hux’s temple, holds Hux’s waist and says to him, “I need them all to be in here – in your quarters. I need two cycles’ time to prepare. Phasma should be informed as well.” You’re really beginning to scare me. I’m sorry. I don’t intend it. I know you don’t. “Three ships, Phasma, Nali, Haas and Officer Gillash,” Hux lists, quirking a brow, “That’s what you need?” “And two cycles’ time.” “For what?” “Assemble them all and I will explain what I intend to do.” Clearly, Hux wants to bother him more about it, but is trying to be patient. He surrenders to not knowing, finishes washing Kylo and gets too distracted with kissing him – they waste time and water, but Hux has never cared less about being off-schedule. Hux has Kylo pushed up against one of the walls of the shower and he’s moving his body in this fluid, serpentine way that makes Kylo’s stomach jump. Hux keeps running his hands over Kylo’s flanks, everything smooth and slippery and just as Kylo senses Hux about to make fun of him for getting hard again so soon, they both hear Hux’s doors slide open. “Hux!” Cringing, Hux glances over his shoulder, like Phasma might be standing in the bathroom. He looks back at Kylo and says, “time to face the music.” “Have I ever told you how moving your unending optimism is?” “It’s all part of my undying charm,” Hux jokes drily. Strangely, he kisses Kylo once on the lips before stepping out of the shower. The kiss itself isn’t strange, Kylo supposes, but that there is no purpose behind it is the strange part. Hux has kissed him thus far for validity, for passion, for release, for security – this, though… this kiss is just for the purpose of kissing him. No expectations attached. He just leans in, kisses Kylo sweetly and then steps out of the stall. As natural and unthinking as breathing. Kylo imagines the star Faethea – it is not far from Malachor. Still young and burning brightly when he last saw it as a teenager. He thinks that star is most suitable for the purpose of proposing to Hux. Hux would like the flaring, swirling aquamarine color of it – perhaps Hux could even explain to him why stars take on different colors. He’s sure Hux knows. He hears muttering outside the bathroom door and wraps one of Hux’s towels around his waist before stepping out to see the trouble. He’s prepared for the worst, but he finds all he expected; Hux, mostly nude, looking like he’s trying to keep a wild beast at bay and Phasma is standing there, livid and deadlier than she may have ever been in her life. Her head twists to Kylo, takes in the image of him, naked, flushed, content, then looks back at Hux. She scowls dangerously at him, “Hux, you didn’t!” “Ziare, just listen for a second –“ “Absolutely not!” Phasma shouts, pulling her blaster from the holster on her waist and pointing it at Kylo’s head, “He’s tampered with your mind, Hux! This is unforgivable! I’ll see him dead if it kills me!” “Ziare, don’t!” Hux orders, but she doesn’t listen and doesn’t look his way. She holds Kylo’s stare. He senses that she is waiting for his retaliation. “I have trespassed into Hux’s mind without permission,” Kylo confesses shamefully, “While it has brought me closer to understanding him, it’s a sin I’ll never truly be clean from. I have not tampered with his sense of reality, though. He is too intellectual to play a mindtrick on – he even forced me to try once. I can promise you, he is entirely attached to reality.” “Then what in the stars would drive him to lie with you !?” she shouts incredulously. “I don’t know,” Kylo replies honestly, glancing at Hux once, then looking back into Phasma’s glare, “I feel as undeserving of his attentions and forgiveness as you’ve established I am. You are deeply cared for by him and if he would like for you to kill me, I won’t fight you.” Phasma’s expression is a sort of cross between a sneer and wrinkled confusion. She watches as Kylo raises both his arms in surrender and slowly gets into a kneeling position on the ground, bowing his head and only looking up at her from under his brow. “For how deeply Hux has dug himself into my soul, I could never harm you. You are his only family. So, if you’d like to kill me and Hux agrees, feel free to. If Hux would prefer I not die, I will defend myself from the blasts, but you will not get the fight from me you are seeking.” Phasma gives pause. “Put the blaster down , Ziare,” Hux tells her. She doesn’t break eye-contact with Kylo. She’s still considering her options; she wants to kill him and badly; her finger’s on the trigger and she’s been eager to do this for a long while. She is frustrated by Kylo’s lack of typical aggression, though and the sincerity he exudes is throwing her off. She is unfamiliar with his ability to be gentle, reasonable or expressive of anything other than anger or disdain. He would like for me to live, I think. Phasma scowls more deeply at him. Why are you doing this. I adore him. Without loosening her furious expression, Phasma’s cheeks redden a little. Her eyes flash back and forth twice between Hux and Kylo, still assessing the situation. Looking between Hux and Kylo now, she seems to let the domesticity of it all sink in. Their clothes are strewn about, they’re both in matching towels and Hux has color back in his face for what must be the first time in nearly a standard year. She meets Kylo’s eyes again. Really? Most unfortunately. She doesn’t mean to smirk, but she does; the admission of misfortune of adoring a man like Hux is something she deems honest. After a moment’s hesitation, she sighs, lowers her arms and hooks her blaster back into her waistband. “May I stand?” “You know you don’t have to ask,” Phasma grumbles, seating herself on Hux’s unmade bed, “It wouldn’t have been satisfactory anyway – you just surrendering yourself like that without a fight.” Kylo gives a weak smile and stands up, coming to stand next to Hux and taking hold of his hand. This seems to shock Hux; he looks at Kylo and Kylo looks back at him for approval. He knows Hux has missed this; the way Kylo often held his hands. He saw an opening and took it; he wonders what it will feel like to hold Hux’s hands and twine their fingers when they’re donned with rings. Is this alright? Hux’s cheeks fluster, but he nods and looks back at Phasma. She’s staring at their twined hands and he seems hungry for her approval – he doesn’t think he will get it, but he wishes for it anyway. Despite this all, he is able to say, “I need your help, Ziare.” Phasma’s brow furrows in worry that he is still using her first name and she glances between the two of them before settling on Hux again. “That’s a very bad sentence,” she notes, “What do you need?” “Well, first I need to be something other than naked and then I need to gather Officers Haas, Vitaan and Gillash.” “For what, exactly?” she scrutinizes. Hux looks to Kylo, as if giving him the floor and Phasma follows Hux’s lead. Kylo says simply, “gather them and I will explain.” With Phasma there to reinforce him, Hux seems to snap back into reality and start battling time again like it’s his personal enemy. He sends urgent inboxes to all three officers who all arrive within minutes of each other; Nali nearly topples Kylo over when she sees him – she rants about how sorry she is she didn’t interact with him upon first seeing him on Aurora again, she was in a state of shock, but she details just how much she missed him. He smiles gently at her and tells her he’s sorry he missed her birthday. When Haas arrives, he seems insulted to be counted among the company of Nali and Jardom, but he says nothing and only looks to Phasma and Hux for instruction or direction. While Nali and Jardom sit on the couch with Phasma, Haas remains standing – separate from the rest and a little unnerved. Hux stands in uniform, clearly uncomfortable with so many subordinates in his personal quarters. Kylo sits everyone down in the common area and Hux stands beside him, his hands crossed over the small of his back. “At one point in time, you were all very willing to potentially sacrifice your lives or wellness for General Hux. I need to know if this is still true.” Haas immediately answers, “of course.” “Yes,” Nali replies and Jardom gives a solemn, confident nod. When Kylo looks at Phasma, she rolls her eyes in disgust that he would even ask and he corrects his err by continuing without questioning her again. “I need to get to Tython. Hux cannot accompany me, but he cannot remain aboard Aurora either.” “What?” Hux and Phasma ask in time. He looks to Hux and says, “you need to trust me. You cannot stay aboard.” Hux’s eyes widen, his calculating mind already miles ahead, “…the third ship you need…” Heart rate inclining, Kylo watches worriedly as Hux starts to put Kylo’s bare-boned strategy together. “…it’s for me,” Hux states more than asks. “Yes,” Kylo answers, “One is for me to get to Tython on, one is for you and one is a decoy.” “Where are you sending me?” Hux asks, “Why is there a decoy needed?” “What is this all about?” Phasma interrupts. Nali starts asking questions as well and Haas’s impatience is rubbing off on Kylo’s energy like an irritating rash. Shutting his eyes and counting for patience, Kylo only reopens them when everyone is entirely silent. “It must appear to all-seeing eyes that Hux is aboard Aurora while he’s not. He cannot be aboard Aurora while I am on Tython and I would bring him with me to Tython if the danger there weren’t so great.” “All-seeing eyes?” Jardom asks. “Are you trying to trick the Supreme Leader?” Nali follows up. Looking at her sternly, Kylo answers, “yes. I will need the help of you all to accomplish this illusion.” “Ren, what about –“ “I’ll explain everything,” Kylo intercepts, looking at Hux as reassuringly as he can, “Listen. Please.” Still hesitant, Hux gesticulates for him to continue. Kylo transfers his burst of gratitude to Hux, then looks to the group and expounds, “I need Snoke to believe that both Hux and I are aboard Aurora . Phasma – this is where you come in.” She cocks a brow at him and he tells her, “you need to run this ship in his absence to his precise schedule. Nothing can seem out of place.” “And if Snoke comes looking for Hux?” “Haas,” Kylo says in answer. All heads turn to Haas and the boy asks, “what about me?” “You are the most like-minded person to Hux on this ship,” Kylo tells him, “Your energies are similar, your auras are nearly interchangeable. You will be wearing a type of mask I construct through the Force – I will need to put you into a deep meditative state, place an illusion in your mind so that you believe you are Hux and moreover – that you are injured due to a fight with me.” Looking back to Phasma, Kylo says, “if Snoke does come looking for Hux, explain that he is comatose due to an attack by me and my regret has driven me into my own meditative state.” He looks to Nali, “you will be posing as me, Nali.” She straightens her back and her eyes widen a little, “how do you mean?” “Just as I will alter Haas’s mind to believe he is Hux and injured, I will put you into a similar state, believing you are me. I will be placing protective fields around you both – Snoke shouldn’t come looking for Hux, but if he does, he will sense what he thinks is my presence, Hux’s presence and there will be a viable reason he would not be able to have audience with either of us.” “Where do I come into play in all of this?” Jardom asks. “You need to watch over them,” Kylo tells him severely, his eyes dark and serious, “My ship will be going into warp – this could draw attention. The two other ships I’m sending out cannot be remarkable. They will be carried only by inertia. Snoke won’t be looking for something that could be mistaken for a satellite. The decoy will be pushed in the direction of the nearest planet while Hux’s will be pushed toward nothing but uninhabited space. If all else fails, this at least buys me time to get to Hux before Snoke does.” “Ren…” Hux mutters worriedly. Kylo looks back at him and tells him, “please, trust me.” Swallowing, shutting his eyes and steeling himself, Hux eventually nods and sets his eyes forward with focus again. Kylo looks at Jardom and explains, “I will need to use a great deal of power for my own ship to go unnoticed while departing, but I can do it. I will have to do that, however, while maintaining my illusions over Haas and Nali from very far away. If I experience some sort of turbulence, their meditative states might break or they may even receive visions being shared from my mind – if either of them break from their unconscious states, it will be like a solar flare or a bubble of power popping suddenly and Snoke will notice it. If either of them are showing signs of discomfort or wakefulness, you will need to make efforts to calm them down while keeping them in a Theta state.” “Let me get this straight,” Phasma begins, looking skeptical, “I run the ship as Hux would and you are going to create decoy… energies? That mimic you and Hux? So that it appears all is running smoothly and you are both still aboard?” “Yes,” Kylo answers. “Right,” she says, a biting still in her voice, “Then you’re high-tailing it to Tython invisibly ? While two other ships are carried away by inertia for the sake of going unnoticed and one will contain Hux.” “Correct.” “Sounds perfectly reasonable,” Phasma states sarcastically, “but can we know why in the Hells any of this is necessary?” Kylo feels Hux’s eyes on him; Hux is in want for this information as well, but Kylo doesn’t want Hux’s personal energies to exude too much fear. If Hux becomes paranoid, too concentrated on his fear of death or danger and Kylo being away from him, Snoke might notice the spike of energy and see what is happening before it unfolds. And Kylo is worried that’s precisely what will occur if he tells Hux of his visions. He decides to remain vague. “There is grave danger approaching,” Kylo announces grimly, “I’m meeting it halfway. If I fail, my powers over Nali and Haas will evaporate – this would be the worst-case scenario. If Jardom reports to you that both Nali and Haas have woken at once, it will be your job to get to Hux and find some way and somewhere to hide him.” “ Why ?” Phasma presses angrily, “What does Snoke want with him?” “I don’t know ,” Kylo answers honestly, hotly, “I don’t know, alright? I… look, we can’t waste anymore time. Are you all willing to do this or not?” Haas stands at attention and responds dutifully, “for General Hux, anything.” Nali stands beside him, also at attention and tells Kylo, “I trust your judgment, Lord Kylo Ren.” Jardom joins them in line and says calmly, “count me in.” Kylo looks to Phasma and she sighs, stands and says, “fine. For the record, I don’t like this, but fine.” Finally, Kylo looks to Hux. Hux quirks a brow, not understanding what Kylo is looking at him for. “Your consent, General,” Kylo tells him, “You are in control.” There’s a beautiful shine that crosses over Hux’s eyes and then he nods and agrees by saying quietly, “I trust you.” May I kiss you? In their presence? Red fills up Hux’s ears. Are you just trying to mark your territory in front of Haas like a child? No , Kylo answers genuinely, That you are trusting me has pleased me. May I? Yes. Smiling, Kylo leans in and kisses Hux’s warm cheekbone gently. He doesn’t look back to see Haas’s expression; Kylo’s possessiveness of Hux and his jealousy of Haas drove him to harm Hux. He knows he needs to let it go. Hux trusts him and has chosen him . He focuses on that and leaves them all briefly to return with one of Hux’s uniforms. Still on its hanger, he hands it to Haas, “you will be fully dressed as Hux. If Snoke does a visual sweep of the ship, this will give him more reason to believe Hux is truly here.” Haas’s loathing is palpable, but he takes the hanger respectfully and agrees to go change in the ‘fresher. “Do I need to get into civies?” Hux asks. Kylo turns to him and asks curiously, “civies?” “Civilian clothing,” Phasma tells him with a smirk, “I don’t think I’ve ever seen Hux out of uniform. You don’t have civies, do you?” Hux crosses his arms over his chest and tells her, as if she already ought to know, “I had no need for informal clothes.” “It’s fine,” Kylo assures him, “Just dress down.” Turning towards his room, Hux goes off to do so. Kylo then looks to Jardom and says, “I need access to the kitchen. I need to prepare a tea and a steam for Nali and Haas.” “Yes, sir,” Jardom replies, “Follow me.” As Kylo leaves the room, he touches at Nali’s shoulder encouragingly. She smiles at both Jardom and Kylo’s forms as they leave the room. Once they are out of sight, she looks back at Phasma and asks, “do you think we’ll die?” Phasma looks at the shut door and answers, “I don’t know.” “Nali.” Both women look to see Hux standing in his sweatpants, undershirt, combat boots and dog tags, holding something in his hand. “Yes, sir?” “Come here.” She follows his order and he leads her away toward his viewport. She looks up at him, the sparkle of idealization and honor in her pink eyes. He takes a deep breath, takes one of her hands and places his dagger in it. She looks at him in misunderstanding and he tells her, “this was a gift from my older brother, Brendol. He gave it to me as a type of charm for strength. For protection. Eventually, protection from him. Even then, he managed to steal it from me and embed it in my ribs. Now, though, I’d like for you to have it.” Staring in wonderment, Nali holds the handle of the dagger in her hand and examines the blade. She is macabre and sentimental as Kylo is and knowing Kylo as he does, Hux can tell she is thinking this gift is all the greater for having once been part of Hux’s body. He doesn’t personally understand that particular notion, but he recognizes it as he’s seen it so often in Kylo’s expressions. “Sir, I’m honored ,” Nali says breathlessly, “May I ask why you are gifting this to me?” He waits for her to meet his eyes again before telling her, “I have killed many with that dagger. I’d estimate anywhere around two-hundred souls are on that blade. When I was young and naïve, I used to think of how big a bed I would have, how tidy and lived-in a home I would make, what pets I might adopt. I too believed that someday, I wouldn’t have to hurt anyone to stay safe anymore. That I would have eventually met a quota – hurt or killed enough people, been alone long enough or decimated enough Rebels that I would hit some milestone of destruction and then be gifted the time and space to create rather than destroy. It took me a long time to learn that these two things happen in tandem more often than not and that the universe is not so simple. There is no order to it – no quota, no prime number to meet that would qualify me for freedom from the destiny I was born into. I thought I would use that very dagger to free myself from the restraints of time, impermanence and isolation. I don’t think that’s how it works. I don’t think that’s how anything works, really. Not anymore.” He drags a hand over his drying hair and says to Nali, more simply, “what I mean to say is that I don’t believe I’ll be needing it again and I would keep it for the sake of sentimentality, but I believe it might strengthen you.” Her eyes flicker between his, still a little confused and he explains kindly, “someone dear to me once taught me that friends are people who care about each other – that they are people who take care of one another in times of need, who help one another and give to each other without thinking of receiving something in return. Friends are people that strengthen each other and invest in the success and wellness of each other.” He reaches forward and curls Nali’s hands around the dagger, having her encase it, but he keeps his hands there, securing it in her hold, “this is my way of showing I care. This is all I can do to be there in a time you might be in need. This is how I can help, this is what I can give. This is what I can strengthen you with. This is my investment. For your safety, success and wellness. Do you understand?” With her big, humanoid eyes watering, Nali bites her lip and nods vigorously without speaking to keep from openly crying. Hux swallows with some difficulty, doesn’t really understand himself why he continues, but he goes on to say, “do not forget – every battle you fight in this life will be uphill, the weather and chances will never be in your favor. But you have overcome. And you will overcome more and if there is any advice I can leave you with, Nali…” Her concentration on him is so intense, it’s as if he’s the only voice to have ever existed in the known universe. He feels validated in doing this; in just the way she looks at him, he feels sure that giving her his most personal, prized weapon is the right action to take. “It is to trust your intuition,” Hux tells her, “If your hand moves for that dagger without apparent cause – do not hesitate. Your body often knows what your mind has not yet realized. You are sharp, suited to survive and to thrive. You have come a long way – take this dagger and kill every fear you have with it. You are a formidable warrior, a quick strategist, a talented pilot, but more than all of that, you are a worthy person, Nali.” He lowers his voice as he hears Phasma talking to Haas about fixing at Hux’s uniform on Haas’s smaller frame. Leaning into Nali and keeping quiet gives the rest of his talk a more conspiratorial tone. “You are worthy of safety, kinship, respect and all you have often been denied. Know there is more to be had from others than fear – you are deserving of more than their fear and you will have it.” Without prompting, Nali throws her arms around Hux, embracing him tightly and crying into his chest. He pets her head and smiles down at her, a little bewildered by her emotional outburst, but not unwilling to bear the weight of it. It takes him a long moment of her blubbering undying gratitude into his grey tank for him to realize he had said to her all he had ever needed to hear – that for a moment, he is the person he once needed. In the hopes that he will do right by her in that respect, he hugs her back. “Nali,” Hux asks, “you know what a kill shot is, correct?” “Two shots to the head, sir,” Nali answers, sniffling and smiling. “This dagger has a kill shot as well.” She backs away enough to show him that he has her attention and he smiles at her and his smile feels like it may have belonged to Brendol at some time. He feels Brendol with them – in the room, maybe beside him, but Hux feels no fear. He doesn’t see Brendol bleeding or gurgling in his periphery. He just… feels Brendol presence or memory with him, guiding him. He instructs Nali to hold the dagger’s handle, then takes her arm and mimics what arm movement it would take to throw it properly as he has often done in the past. “Like I taught you with a punch during sparring – it all comes from the opposite leg. If you throw the dagger with your right hand, start gathering energy in your left foot, let it travel through to your arm, raise your forearm, blade facing back, bend your wrist back as far it will go and then throw your arm and hand forward. Aim for the center of the head – the frontal lobe. This dagger is long enough that if you throw it with enough force, it will penetrate even the central sulcus. It is a particular fold in the cerebral cortex that keeps the parietal lobe divided from the frontal lobe and the primary motor cortex from the primary somatosensory cortex. It’s an immediate kill if done correctly.” She nods, wipes at her tears with the back of her free wrist and says, “how will I ever express to you my thanks?” “I did not give this to you for gratitude,” Hux tells her. She hugs him again and he smiles down at her hair, wondering if this is what it is to be golden. If this is what it means to be human; if this is what it means to be Aurelien. He looks in the archway that separates his bedroom from the common area and sees Phasma looking at him wistfully. He smiles back at her; they are both worried, but neither will own up to it. He’s fine with that; Hux has managed to make peace with a lot. He feels unsafe. This is not so uncommon and he thinks this time, it will be temporary. That the day he longed for as a child – the day where he could paint and draw and keep droids and pets of his own in a house he designed – the day he could be free from it all – that day is not so far out of reach. He can endure a little more uncertainty. There is more than fear to be had – he has found it in Kylo Ren, of all unlikely places. Putting faith in someone else’s strategy is painfully difficult for him – something Phasma can tell from a distance. This case is particularly difficult seeing as Hux barely understands the concepts being used in this strategy, not being a Force-user himself. He needs to trust Kylo to protect him. To trust Kylo Ren with his life is the first trust he ever placed in the man – and at the time, he thought it was the height of all trust. Ren told him then and there that was untrue, but Hux couldn’t really see that until now. He is trusting Kylo with his life, his safety, yes – but he is also trusting Kylo with his happiness, his future, his power and all he has ever worked for or wanted. Floating out into space without direction, into darkness without anyone beside him sounds unwise, but he is putting his faith in Ren. Ren is going to spend the next two cycles building something like force-fields around children all with delusions of grandeur, focusing his energies on making them all invisible to someone Hux has always known to be omnipotent. But if there is someone in the galaxy who would find Hux were they soul mates in an impossible reality, Ren would be that someone. If there is someone in the universe who could blaze a pathway to and build an afterlife out of sheer want for one, Ren would be that someone. And if there is someone in the universe capable of holding the terrible weight of Hux’s nonexistent soul in their bloody hands, that someone would be Ren and Hux would kiss every finger of those bloody hands for all the impossibilities they would construct just for him. Notes: As you can see, the school year has started and I have been inunDATED WITH WORK, but I swear, the upcoming chapters are also in progress and I'll try to post more regularly. Hope you enjoyed the update! "Melanie, is Kylo taking on way too much and spreading himself too thin by extending his powers over so much space and so many people????" Maybe! "Melanie, will the rest of Part 4 be switching POVs between Hux and Kylo???" Yes! "Melanie, two cycles is like 52 hours on Aurora! Something bad can happen within that timeframe! What if something bad happens before Kylo even gets to Tython???" What if!! "Melanie, are you going to marry your Research Methods in Psychology professor???" Idk but I'm trying!!! "Melanie, will there be more porn???" Yes! "Melanie, whaT ABOUT THE RING???" WHAT ABOUT THE RING INDEED "Melanie, whaT IF SNOKE COMES LOOKING FOR ONE OF THEM???" WHAT IF INDEED "Melanie, Nali is too sweet to be in the First Order what are you doing???" Nah, brah! Nali is over-emotional and just right for extremist groups! "Melanie, Kylo's plan sounds dangerous!!! To literally everyone involved!!!" It certainly does! "Melanie, you promise there will be more porn???" I do! Chapter 3 Notes: TW: there is mention of child death and child abuse in this chapter and Nali's memory of Amavia's death is seen from Haas's POV; basically, lots of pain and death in this chapter. The "poem," Hux refers to is the song "Black and Gold," by Sam Sparro (a personal klyux song of mine ;D) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) An obsidian bowl is piled with smooth stones, all apparently stolen from a temple on Malachor, then filled with boiling water; steam billows out from the bowl and quickly fills Hux’s quarters like a fog. Haas is dressed in Hux’s uniform – it is a little ill-fitting, he looks much too young in it and Hux doesn’t appear to like sharing his clothes. Kylo thinks that’s strange, remembering how he has borrowed Hux’s clothes in the past and Hux never seemed to mind. It takes him a moment to realize he is different from the rest now. That he has been different from the rest for a while. Acknowledging how long he has been different in Hux’s eyes twists a knife in his chest, reminding him of how he came to know that. He looks to Hux, wanting Hux’s eyes on him, maybe to apologize again or just share his emotional output, but Hux is watching over Nali and Haas as they drink the herbal tea Kylo has concocted for them. He doesn’t appear to feel Kylo’s stare on him. He must be troubled and distracted. Jardom sits next to Nali, watching her closely. Nali is dressed in some of Kylo’s old robes, which are definitely ill-fitting. She is much too small in them and they pool around her like she might be melting into the floor. Once the tea is finished, Kylo sits down across from Haas and Nali, explaining what’s about to be done, warning them that the tea will soon render them highly suggestible and sleepy. “It will feel like being put under twilight sedation. You’ll be semi-aware of what’s happening around you, but your body will be a form of paralysis. I’m going to clear your minds of debris first. I should warn you that this may cause some memory loss. I doubt anything serious will be lost, though.” Very suddenly, Haas’s energy is pulling at Kylo’s – it’s an unfamiliar sensation as usually Haas’s energy is pushing away at Kylo’s. He looks to the blonde boy, finds him already staring, but his mouth is a thin, grim line. Kylo’s eyes bore into Haas’s, but the boy doesn’t so much as flinch. What are you concerned I will find, Naos Haas? I am without shame. There are memories I would like taken from me. Can you do that? Caught off-guard by the request, Kylo tilts his head; this draws attention to their silent conversation. Everyone knows they’re silently speaking to one another. Sensing his channel to Hux being plucked at like a strung instrument, Kylo opens himself to it and hears Hux’s voice, curious but still emotionally removed. Distant. What is Haas saying to you? It might be a sensitive matter. Since when have you cared about Haas’s privacy? I don’t want to repeat my mistakes, Hux. Hux knows what Kylo means by that, replying anyway , that’s different. You’re not supposed to keep things from me . We’re supposed to gossip. I’m your – My what? Walls coated with thin ice instinctively start forming where Kylo is prodding, rapidly building on themselves to hide away or protect whatever Hux doesn’t want him to have. Kylo doesn’t feel deserving or owed Hux’s private thoughts, but can’t help to wonder what exactly Hux thinks of him as; would Hux ever say “lover?” What would the word “boyfriend,” sound like in Hux’s tone of voice? Would it be demeaning or sarcastic? Would that even be close to the truth? My fiancé? Kylo asks. He sees Hux’s face redden, then Hux promptly shuts him out, cuts off their channel and looks down to the floor. Kylo would worry over it more, but he doesn’t have the time. That was a story he wanted to tell me. I shouldn’t have taken that from him. There are a lot of things Kylo shouldn’t have taken from Hux, but did anyway. To escape the onslaught of guilt, Kylo turns his focus back onto Haas. He shuts his eyes, extends his hand loosely, certain that Haas won’t fight him and plunges into Haas’s mind – it’s messier than he imagined it to be. Thoughts scattered over acres of blank canvas, without direction, categorization and faded understandings of where they’d begun. Kylo sees memories of Haas biting at his nails and pulling at the skin beneath them until blood appears; Haas seems to still engage in this compulsive behavior. Kylo sees a flower, dehydrated and kept in a silver cigarra case Haas stole from an upper-class cigar and cigarra shop. Haas has never smoked; all that has ever been in the silver tin is the dehydrated flower. It means something to him. He cannot bear to be parted with it. The tin is in the waistband of his underwear now. There is more – much more – Haas running, quick as lightning, too thin, too pale, Haas looking in bathroom mirrors and pulling on his lower eyelids to better examine the oddity of his irises. There is a baby crying, a woman screaming at him and him screaming back until his voice is hoarse. Kylo sees him breaking fine china, punching holes in walls, screaming at a woman with eyes and a nose like his own. Haas appears to suffer from explosive bursts of anger, obsessive compulsive tendencies, perfectionism and intrusive thoughts of violence that make him uncomfortable in his own skin. The perfectionism isn’t surprising, but there is a tone to it in his head that is unlike the one he gives off on the physical plane. Rather than following a string, as he could in Nali’s more organized mind, going through Haas’s mind is like digging through unlabeled boxes. Intuition is his guide and when he starts pulling the memories out like jewelry knotted together after being packed carelessly, it all comes tumbling out. Chronology seems to escape Haas – he doesn’t remember most of his childhood. A tragic feeling of unrest blankets the idea of ‘childhood,’ but very few specific memories come to his disposal. He was abused, but doesn’t remember most of it and has no desire to. He recalls being embarrassed as a very young child, going to school with chunks of his hair missing and bruises mapped out over his body. He had a little sister he saw beaten to death by their father; he lied to authorities about the events proceeding her death to protect his father despite not wanting to lie. Despite having loved his sister. He doesn’t remember what he said to the authorities and he doesn’t remember mourning his sister. He remembers that she was four years old when she expired, mostly nude on the tiled floor of the foyer and that she died from blunt force trauma to the head. His mother had been home the whole time. He thought she’d wake up – his mother knew. His mother knew she was dying on the floor and she did nothing. She would let Haas’s father kill them all. After his sister’s death, he often worried he was not so far behind. Esli was her name; she wore lacy, threadbare dresses, had long blonde hair like his and used to hug his leg. He is unsure if he ever loved her. Kylo thinks the emotion spun around this little girl is love, but Haas can’t identify it. Has had too few experiences with it to know what it is. Wouldn’t be able to bear facing his love for her now, though, anyway. He will likely continue to think he never loved her. It would appear that once Esli was gone, Haas became the only target of his father’s rage; Haas first ran away from home at around ten years old – he ran away five times before his parents resolved to send him to the Academy. The third time was the only time he was grateful to be found – he’d nearly been trafficked and was publically mocked as he returned home, scantily clad – the bruises shown on his pale skin were blamed on the alien men handling him at auction. He didn’t bother correcting anyone. He knew no one would do anything about it even if he voiced fear for his life. His parents thought it punishment, but Haas blossomed at the Academy and when he learned about General Hux, it was first through another classmate that said they heard a rumor that General Hux was forced to kill his brother to attend the Academy, how universally admired he is among all those in the First Order and Haas began collecting a mental record of Hux. He obsessively hunted down every scrap of information he could find about Hux – he couldn’t decide if he was in love with Hux or wanted to be Hux. He spent countless hours looking through data files, admiring Hux, often staring at one holophoto for minutes at a time, following every line of Hux’s face and thinking that if Hux could survive such atrocities and flourish, then he could too. Hux was a flame of hope in an otherwise dark, lonely world for Haas. Haas has always loved Hux – as an icon, as a friend he never had who kept him company on the hardest nights, a mentor that insisted yes, he can when he was so sure he couldn’t take anymore. He wished to meet Hux – he wished he could be strong as Hux someday, to have the honor of standing beside Hux and being of some worth. He wanted a legacy and legend of his own, to rise from ashes like a phoenix, red, rare and special as Hux and he thought that if he could meet General Hux, win his favor – even just meet eyes with him for a moment, that he could die peacefully and without regret. What would General Hux do? was a question Haas often asked himself before facing some great combat trial. Haas was well-liked among his classmates at the Academy. He had a few bullies; people that called him “odd eye,” and insisted that having opposing eye colors was bad luck and would bring bad fortune to look into. Most of his classmates knew it was nonsense, but there were still some that made life more difficult for him than it already was. Kylo sees more nail-biting, skin peeling and hears children daring each other and setting wagers – who would dare to look into Haas’s eyes for longer than a count of ten? Who would risk their wellness? Odd Eye, Odd Eye, Odd Eye… He dated the only red-headed boy in his grade, knowing full well what he was doing; this red-headed boy, though, was no General Hux. He was soft – softer than Haas had known life to be. He resented that. He thought it pity, the way that boy would look at him with glittering eyes and blushing cheeks. That boy died during The Culling, in a different squadron. By then, Haas was away from himself. Too much so to mourn that boy or even investigate what happened to him. There are tattered memories of Nali – things that Haas made attempts to burn from his skull, but the important parts linger. He recalls studying with Nali, being thrilled when she would look him in the eye while conversing, laughing with her, speaking well of her to his higher-ups, taking to Amavia quickly and envying their ability to love each other so easily. There were times he wanted for all of Nali’s attention, but never asked for it. He cared about her. He still does. Fascinated by the bleeding sensation of Haas’s affection for Nali, Kylo tosses that box upside down and what comes falling out is familiar scenery of The Culling. Settled in their hand-dug trenches, Haas’s squadron ate their dinners and while half the squadron slept, the other half stayed up to watch over them in shifts. Haas knew Hux had been a squadron leader in his graduating class – he was honored to share the same title, but nervous too that he would fall short. That someone would see the bruises on him that no longer painted his skin, see handprints on him that weren’t there anymore and they’d know he’s too weak. He couldn’t even protect Esli. He shook his head, trying to shake the image of her sweet, but malnourished face from his mind and only managing to conjure the image of her limp body on the floor. His head throbbed with oncoming pain associated with uncovering memories of his past. Whenever he does remember something, he immediately blocks it. He doesn’t mean to and it happens to this day. He chases after the memories like one might after waking from a dream, but the faster he chases it, the further from him it gets. Leaning against the trunk of that tree, trying desperately to not think about Esli’s body, Haas refused to be disposable. Even if it’s only long enough to see General Hux with his own eyes – he will be worth something. Imagining General Hux relaxed Haas and he nearly dozed off until Nali kicked his leg – he blinked rapidly and then gave her a faltering, fatigued smile. He knew it didn’t meet his eyes, but he couldn’t fake it. He was tired. “Only two more days,” Nali reassured him, “Two more days and we’ll be out of here, taking our written finals and then graduating. We are so close to the finish line.” He nodded to her, unable to heap the weight of his dead sister onto her, unable to tell her that his sadness and anxiety had little to do with The Culling and much more to do with the cage his own mind built around itself. He chewed at his nails, picked at his skin and then Nali mentioned that Amavia was talking in her sleep. Haas took one look at Amavia, irritated skin from under his thumbnail between his teeth and knew she was not asleep. “She’s awake,” Haas told Nali, fear creeping up his spine, a feeling of impending danger settling in his chest, “She’s talking to herself.” “That’s unlike her,” Nali said softly. “How… how well would you say you know Amavia?” “Better than anyone,” Nali claimed assuredly, “We’re connected at the hip, you know.” “Yes,” Haas smiled weakly again, “Yes, I know.” “ What do you know,” Amavia muttered hatefully, loud enough for Haas and Nali to hear it. Haas turned his head to her and his heart sank when he found her pupil-less eyes staring back at him. She hasn’t eaten this cycle , Haas recalls – he had offered Amavia her share of rations earlier, but she said her stomach was upset with stress and to give it to someone else. He had. She might be dehydrated , Haas thought. “I – my canteen is still full. Would you like for me to pass it to you? I don’t mind sharing if you don’t.” “ Sharing ?” Amavia hissed, eyes narrowing, “What do you know about sharing , Naos?” Haas looked nervously to Nali, but Nali’s eyes were glued onto Amavia. He swallowed roughly and looked back at her, answering, “…not a lot.” “That’s right. You’re an only child come from privilege and are only here to feed your narcissism and sociopathy so stop pretending like you know anything –“ “Ama!” Nali interrupted, standing in time with some concerned on-lookers, Haas and Amavia, “Naos is our friend – don’t call him such ugly things.” Amavia glared at Haas, began insisting that Nali should have been squadron leader and she and Haas both knew it to be true. That he would guide them all to a terrible demise – her yelling was briefly silenced by a dangerous, feral growl from deeper in the darkened woods. Amavia looked over her shoulder in fear, then back at Haas with even more anger, as if he himself sicced the beast upon them. She started talking about how he has never known struggle, he is no friend to her, was a bad omen from the start and that she never wanted this. She never wanted to go to the Academy, she only followed Nali there because she was so certain they were meant to be together, but he’s gotten in the way. She is jealous , Haas realized, looking into her angry, shining eyes, She thinks I want to steal Nali away. Haas had to admit to himself that Amavia was partially right – he did want Nali’s friendship and attention, but he never wanted to hurt either of them. He would never intentionally come between them. No matter his claims of sincerity, Haas could not calm Amavia down. Her accusations only grew more outrageous and enraged. She started in on Nali, telling Nali that she was consumed by vengeance and no mother, father or Godparents could ever take pride in her for what she was pursuing and why. Haas nearly cursed at Amavia for speaking ill of Nali, but Nali stopped him. “Haas – we must have gotten the poisoned meal,” Nali told him. “But she didn’t – “ Haas took one look at Nali’s panicked expression and his heart broke. She looked so sure. She wanted to believe so badly that these weren’t Amavia’s true colors. If this was the reality Nali wanted, then Haas wanted Nali to believe this was fictional, to have her fantasy. He didn’t want her to know the ugly truth. So he nodded and said, “yes. It must have been her ration.” Once they were in agreement that Amavia had so clearly consumed the poisoned meal, the squadron broke out into whispered debate – Amavia was good with sharpened weapons, which she was armed to the teeth with. She threatened anyone that stepped close to her and Haas rapidly lost control of the situation. He kept looking to Nali, asking her what to do and Nali tried her best to calm Amavia down – Haas and Nali both could hear their classmates behind them, conspiring to kill Amavia to shut her up. Several cadets circled Haas, pressuring him to do something and to do that something quickly. Amavia screamed at Haas – he and all the other cadets felt instant terror, knowing what beast was chasing them would certainly locate them now. She screamed at him that he didn’t deserve his militant status, that he was “spineless,” and “spoiled.” He was speechless; mostly because he agreed with her. He knew she wasn’t under the influence of artificial hysteria – her rage was real and he was the only one who knew. He tried to keep Amavia’s fire directed at him, speaking up when Amavia would shout her fury at Nali; he didn’t want Amavia’s words to hurt Nali anymore than they already had. Dripping with sweat, pale and nervous and surrounded by conflicted parties, Haas looked at Nali with panic one more time before Amavia took the opening of his distracted sight to attack him. He saw her in his periphery and readied himself into a fighting stance as he would during intensive combat training. He bent at the knees, he focused his energies, but soon enough, they wound up in a ground fight. He managed to pull one of her knives off her and he intentionally stuck her where he knew she would bleed out quickly. She gasped above him and he removed the knife, moved it further up her ribcage and punctured her again and he stabbed her a third time, all knowingly fatal wounds. He could have stopped himself at any time. He’s sure he could have stopped. He doesn’t know why he didn’t. His hands shook as he did it; he knew he was killing her. He was murdering her. He was murdering Amavia and she knew it too; their eyes mirrored each other and she was so breathless with shocked betrayal. Then, Amavia’s eyes filled with tears. Haas felt like crying too, but couldn’t. Or wouldn’t. He couldn’t tell anymore. He felt numb, far away from himself, unsure of who has ever been. He felt hollow. Like an imitation of what he once tried to be. He could only think of protecting Nali and what would General Hux do? Nali cradled Amavia, petting back her sweat-dampened hair, whispering sweetly to her, but Amavia would not welcome the comfort. She hissed angry, hateful things and writhed uncontrollably – Nali cried, begging her not to say these things, begging her to please try to breathe and they would find a way to cauterize the wound and Haas stopped listening. He had killed Amavia and he couldn’t understand why Amavia wasn’t telling Nali what she knew to be true; she saw Haas as he has always seen himself. She sees the weakness, the bruises, the panic. She sees him for the fearful, hateful thing he’s always believed himself to be and he killed her. Haas remembers little else about The Culling. He remembers Nali helping him as a co-commander through it all, looking in her eyes and thinking they looked lifeless – she was in something worse than mourning. Because there was no time for grief. He remembers her wild upset after The Culling – he’s got some trouble with his kidneys and has since childhood. He thinks it might have something to do with his father having always beaten his sides – he was in and out of hospitals a lot. He was just leaving the infirmary after being treated for a growing crystal when Nali confronted him in the hall. She shouted that Amavia was not the one with the poisoned ration and how could he let this happen ? Protect her , Haas thought, numb and hollow, ready to surrender Nali as he has surrendered most comforts in his life, Let her hate you. If she knew you had already known the truth when you killed Amavia, she’d never forgive you anyway. Let her hate you. Give her this. You’ve taken away her love and you’re awful at sharing. Release her. He bit some words at her that he didn’t believe himself; words he knew would incite her. And they did; the two of them wound up throwing punches and were broken apart by nearby adults. When they arrived on Aurora , Haas felt a glimmer of happiness for the first time in a long, long time. To have General Hux looking him in his mismatched eyes, his Odd Eyes, his bad luck charms – how General Hux looked into them so fearlessly, told him he would put his faith in Haas… Haas would have wept if he weren’t so numb. When made to choose among his classmates, he intentionally lied about Nali. He didn’t want her aboard – he didn’t want to have to face her every cycle, a constant, magenta reminder of his failings, of his weakness, of who he couldn’t save or wouldn’t save. He knew he was crushing a long dream of hers, but he couldn’t reconcile seeing her everyday. And he needed this. He needed General Hux – he needed Aurora . Nali could go on elsewhere. She had promise. Without Hux, without Aurora , Haas would feel orphaned, too full of suicidal hate to go on. It’s why he panicked when he saw her in the cafeteria. He thought for a quick moment that she might be a hallucination. He missed her. He often watched how well she and Jardom got along and envied them. He hated Kylo Ren for all the attention General Hux gave him. He was not of the First Order – Haas felt gipped. He felt swindled. If he had known there were other ways of working for General Hux – if he had ever thought he could be someone else or something other than what the Order made him… he would have pursued it. When Kylo left for training, Haas’s wishes came to fruition; Nali’s appearances were scarce as she was so often spending time with Jardom and there was no one to take General Hux’s attention away. He worked personally for Hux, they spoke together over meals and Haas learned so much from Hux. He only came to admire Hux more and more as time wore on. When they sparred, Hux would sometimes call him ‘Naos,’ casually, as though they could be friends, as though he was something of worth and when Hux asked him about his family structure, he said, “I have a mother and father somewhere. I don’t know. They haven’t been in contact for years now. I had a sister too once.” Hux had looked at him plainly and he thought maybe Hux saw the bruises, saw the clumps of missing hair, saw him thin and weak and damaged – but then Hux said, “I had a brother once.” Haas’s heart had skipped a beat. He wished it were okay to touch the General, to hug him, but he dared not even ask. He instead asked, “why is the missile project called Black and Gold ?” Hux had cocked a brow at him, smiling just barely, a twinkle in his eye. “There is a poem by the same title. A certain verse of it reads; I look up into the night sky, I see a thousand eyes staring back. And all around these golden beacons, I see nothing but black. I feel the weight of something beyond them. I don't see what I can feel. But if vision is the only validation, Then most of my life isn't real. 'Cause if you're not really here, Then the stars don't even matter. Now I'm filled to the top with fear, That it's all just a bunch of matter. 'Cause if you're not really there, Then I don't want be either. I want to be next to you. Black and gold, Black and gold, Black and gold.” Haas’s chest constricted for a brief moment before he asked, “…they are for Kylo Ren, aren’t they?” Hux’s eyes widened a little and his ears turned red. “Why would you draw that conclusion?” “That’s what he wore, isn’t it? When he saved you?” Haas started compulsively picking at his nails, hating that he already knew the answer, hating how he could picture the first time he saw Kylo Ren’s face the cycle of the gala, dressed like nobility. Looking so natural next to Hux, like he always had a place there. As though he deserved Hux’s attention more than Haas who had climbed an impossible mountain just for the chance to meet Hux’s eyes. He met those eyes again, tilted his head and asked, “black and gold, right?” Even flustered, Hux was handsome. “…yes. Right.” Haas nodded. For a fleeting moment, Haas did not feel so alone, but it was immediately followed by the certainty that he does not belong here. That he could never be whatever it is that made Kylo Ren so special. He is remarkable, but not remarkable enough. He is left to the wayside. Always. Jardom and Nali have each other and he is glad Nali is far from him – he is frightened of hurting her. That he might instinctively harm her beyond repair like he did to Amavia. He drives her away whenever she tries to get close. He is in pain even now, sitting next to her. Kylo draws his hand back and opens his eyes to Haas’s now sleepy stare. If you told her, she would understand. She would forgive you. I don’t want forgiveness. I want relief. Kylo senses flashbacks to other bursts of violent anger – the explosive anger Haas sometimes has that reminds him of his father. Bloody knuckles beating into walls, breaking glasses, bending metal, whipping dense chains in the gym just to feel something like power. Something like control. For a moment. The intrusive thoughts that make him feel like slime might be dripping under his skin – thoughts he can’t control, thoughts that border on obsessive, but disturb and frighten him. He is trapped in his own mind. I cannot rid you of your aggressions. What memory would you like for me to wipe? I’m not sure… what would you recommend? Your sister. Flashes of the dehydrated flower come to Haas’s frontal lobe – a memory of her running through sunlight, a breeze in the air – their father was away on business. Their mother was sedated on the couch. Haas would lift Esli on his shoulders so she could reach the cabinets full of food – it was the weekends their father spent away they’d eat to their hearts’ content, forget pain for a while. And they’d play. Haas was often a princess, as King Esli insisted upon it. She would stick flowers in his hair and save him from invisible dragons. She gave him a tiara of flowers maybe three weeks before she died. When the braided stems and colorful petals began to die, he panicked, took one out from the crown and pressed it between the pages of a stolen book until it was flat, dark and fragile. Then he stole the tin and has kept it ever since. Not her. I don’t – I can’t. Not her. Reluctant to say so, Kylo feels the need to; I think you want for me to erase you . There is not one memory I felt you particularly wanted to let go of, Naos. You want them all to be gone. …yes. Yes, maybe. Kylo nods and says out loud, “we will come to an arrangement when I return.” Haas looks surprised; he feels this is a mercy Kylo is giving to him without feeling pity from Kylo’s end. He appreciates it. Kylo has to wonder what may have happened if he’d not fixated on Hux when he had; what chances Haas may have had to win Hux’s affections. He hates admitting it to himself, but Haas may have had a chance. Given enough time, enough privacy – he may have been able to share himself with Hux and Hux… maybe he would have shared himself too. Maybe they would have comforted each other; Haas is more similar to Hux than Kylo had ever truly known. Maybe they would have made a better fit despite the age difference. Looking up to Hux, Kylo finds he’s still not looking back. His eyes feel hot. He wants to be alone with Hux again. He wants to kiss Hux, hold Hux, tell Hux all that Hux means to him in this universe. He wants Hux sprawled and naked on the bed, he wants Hux gasping and laughing and biting at his neck and lower lip with canines sharper than average. He wants to hear Hux sing again, wants to watch Hux draw again, wants to hold Hux while they dance again – he wants so, so much and deserves none of it. It’s difficult to confront the fact that Kylo may have just been lucky with his timing. It’s difficult to accept the truth that infinite possibilities were presented to Hux – that Kylo was only one of so many. A painful thought descends on him then. Does he feel trapped? Does he feel cornered by me? Kylo worries suddenly, the fever from behind his eyes spreading down his neck, Everything would have been so much easier with anyone else. Hux would have been safer, saner – maybe more comfortable. Maybe happier. Am I what he really wants? Or has he just accepted me like he has oblivion? Kylo swallows roughly, staring at Hux’s long figure leaning against the wall, his ice-blue eyes downcast and distracted. Why… does he feel so distant now? When Kylo tries to open their channel again, Hux not only pulls back from it, but shakes his head and leaves the room. Kylo’s heart sinks and he doesn’t see Phasma’s expression before she’s gone after Hux into the hall. He needs to focus on readying Nali and Haas’s minds. He can’t worry over Hux yet – he can’t close the distance between them. He isn’t even sure why the chasm is there, but he feels it. He feels Hux withdrawing and he is desperately frightened that the times he has touched Hux have been the last – that the kiss Hux allowed might be the last Hux allows him to give at all. He shuts his eyes, breathes in deeply and tells himself to focus on the plan. He can’t get distracted – not when there is so much to be done. Not when he needs to protect Hux still. Notes: "Melanie, Haas seems like a super fucked up person???" He certainly does! "Melanie, I don't know how to feel about Haas anymore! Do I feel bad???" I don't know! People are complicated, everyone (especially in this fic) has trauma and they all handle it differently! Whether you think Haas is worth forgiveness or not is totally up to you! You might also come to the conclusion that Haas is just a morally ambiguous character that might not necessarily be 'good' or 'bad' in the spectrum of characters presented! "Melanie, Hux really named his missile project in honor of Kylo???" Yes, he did! Because he has a big gay crush on Kylo! There's tons of symbolism stuffed in there! Feel free to scrutinize! "Melanie, why is Hux being so cold and distant??? What's wrong???" What's wrong indeed! "Melanie, the porn -" Yes, there will be more porn lmao Chapter 4 Notes: No Trigger Warnings for this chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Once unconscious with shifted, strange auras conflicting with their natural ones, Nali and Haas are laid into place like dolls; Haas is carried into Hux’s bed by Jardom. Haas’s thoughts are static, quiet, orderly and mostly unaware, much like Nali’s will be shortly. Nali is only awake longer because she is forced to sit up with pretzeled legs and open palms over her knees to mimic Kylo’s meditative state. In one of her open palms, Kylo places the now very quiet ring. “Lord Ren… what is this?” Nali asks curiously, staring down at the hand she can’t move. “It is a ring. One I acquired while planet-side for Snoke. If he senses the ring on board and in the hands of a sentient being that could be mistaken for me, he will not have so many suspicions. I am leaving it in your care for the time being.” Nali nods and then stares into Kylo’s eyes resolutely. “You are very sad… why?” Nali is either very insightful or Kylo is wearing his emotions too boldly. He’d like to think it’s the former, but it’s likely the latter. She will be unconscious very soon and he doubts she’ll remember this anyway, so he thinks there’s no harm in telling her the truth. Someone may as well know. “I have given Hux very little but fear in all the time I’ve known him,” Kylo admits shamefully, “I’m worried he regrets me. Or worse – that he has plainly accepted me as some sort of inevitability – that he has not chosen me, but… is resigned to me. He has drawn away from me and… I don’t know how to fix it. I’ve never cared about a person like this… or at all. I don’t know how to bridge this chasm.” Nodding in understanding, Nali’s eyes droop low and Kylo sighs. He runs a hand through his hair, looks away and tells her, “you know, if I were an ordinary man, I would marry him, find him or build him a home… make a quiet life with him.” “You should be thankful.” Glancing up, Kylo realizes Nali has fallen unconscious now and the voice that spoke has come from Jardom. He looks up at the boy. His expression is certain and he exudes an air of loyalty and reliability. Kylo has always liked Jardom. “You should be thankful that you are no ordinary man,” Jardom clarifies, “General Hux could never come to care so deeply for a man ordinary.” The thought only circles in Kylo’s head like water around a drain, but he inevitably hears it; I don’t know that he cares so deeply or in the same way that I do – I may have given him no choice in the matter. He remembers how tightly both Hux’s hands covered his mouth before he had the chance to vocalize what he’s wanted to for longer than he first realized. He remembers the desperate tone of Hux’s, “ don’t .” He has never told me in so many words and can’t even seem to bear the thought of it… so I cannot know with all certainty. Crouching behind her, Jardom loosens Nali’s ponytail and runs his fingers through her long tresses. He smiles at the back of her head and a memory is thrust into Kylo’s head. A teacher is speaking. Nali argues a very controversial point, makes a good case and the teacher is resentful of her for it. Jardom sits behind her, thinking of how brilliant she is and how brave she must be to buck authority in an environment like the Academy. He sets his chin in his hand and stares dreamily at the way her ponytail swings when she moves her head. He memorized the lines of her neck and shoulders, the curves and points of her ears, the way the light from their classroom windows shone in her hair and the small hairs at the base of her skull long before he was ever courageous enough to look her in the eye. When Kylo meets Jardom’s eyes again, it appears as though Jardom knows he’s seen this memory, but he has no way of knowing that. Jardom is a sweet, but old soul, it would seem. “I… am not like you,” Jardom starts uneasily, touching at Nali’s hair, “I have never been extraordinary. Above average military school performance, but otherwise? I was never remarkable. I think that’s partially why I am so drawn to Nali. She has overcome so much… her heart should be something too small to see, but instead it’s this… it’s this enormous galaxy ready to welcome all promise of goodness in people. She is alien to me… in more ways than one. She and the General have little in common but for their personal losses, I think.” With no verbal response to prompt him to further the conversation, Kylo is intrigued that Jardom does anyway. He smiles at Kylo and continues, “warriors, eh? I am unlike you, unlike the General, unlike Nali… yet here we are. Both drawn to beacons of resilience. I would like to have a family with Nali. I would like to marry her as well – I would like to provide for her, heal her in times of illness, support her in all her endeavors that will surely lead to the greatness she has long deserved. Know her pain as well as I’ve come to know her happiness. Spend the rest of my natural life beside her. I’ve come to believe you feel the same way about the General.” Kylo’s heart skips a beat and Jardom lowers his eyes to Nali’s shoulder, “you can’t imagine the General in the arms of another, can you? Can you imagine him marrying anyone else? Building a family with anyone else? Can you imagine that anyone would or could take better care of him than you? Rationally, you and I can accept that there are likely better fits for our precious ones out in the galaxy… but wouldn’t it pain you beyond known pain to surrender him?” “Yes,” Kylo answers quietly, unable to mask his astonishment at Jardom’s maturity, “Everything you’ve said… it’s all true.” “He is likely just as lost as you are,” Jardom offers kindly, “The General has not navigated woods like these before; he doesn’t precisely have a reputation for acquiring emotional attachments. Mind his impossible, improbable heart as you press into the unknown. Nali may have room enough for the galaxy in hers, but the General has room for very few and he has elected to keep your company. It means something. Patience is key.” A word Kylo hates, but has come to know well. He’s opening his mouth, about to respond, when Jardom adds something curious. “Digging for gold requires patience.” Kylo looks up at the boy, but he’s still distracted with combing through Nali’s hair with gentle fingers. “Wading through cold waters, mud, muck, carving space into the soil tirelessly until there’s just a glimmer – just a small something. I saw gold and wanted for it, but it was not my time. It was not for me. It was enough to give me hope, though. Sometimes I would lie awake at night, thinking of her – how I could not have her, how I wanted for her happiness and so stayed away, but how… by just existing, she gave me hope for more. That there are gems and elements I’ve yet to see the brilliance of. I still treasured her, even when she was so far from me she was just a yellow shine in the distance. And now… to have her look at me and speak to me as she does, to be given the chance to treasure her as I’ve so wanted to… it’s like a dream. You and the General have probably waited your entire lives to see gold like that. Haven’t you?” Picking his head up again, Jardom meets Kylo’s wide stare and he nods, seeing he’s hit some invisible mark. “I waited over seven standard years to speak to Nali. Your precious one is just outside, moments from you, wants for your words and eyes and reassurances. Go to him and be thankful you are not something ordinary. Neither of you are.” “That is sage advice,” Kylo notes lowly, “How old are you, exactly, Jardom?” With a shy smile, Jardom replies, “twenty-two standard years, Lord Kylo Ren.” “You’re not as ordinary as you may have been lead to believe, Jardom.” There’s a proud glitter in Jardom’s eyes when he timidly looks away again. Kylo stands and says, “don’t let your eyes wander far from her.” “Hmm,” Jardom half-laughs, “They never have.” As Kylo stands to leave, Jardom adds quickly, as if losing bravery, “please don’t repeat this, but… the General… he was… he was truly ruined in your absence. Wrecked. When you came onto the bridge upon your arrival… his eyes have not had so much color in them for a long while.” With a gentle pat to Jardom’s head as acknowledgment, Kylo swiftly moves past him and leaves the room, more set now on seeing Hux than he was before. He has to look around for a short while, but, quickly enough, down a quiet corridor, he finds Phasma and Hux speaking privately. They both notice him as soon as he finds them and he remains standing at the end of the hall. Kylo looks to Phasma and asks, “may I borrow him?” Phasma and Hux exchange a quick glance and then Phasma leaves them in neutral silence. Even as she is gone, Kylo doesn’t move, too unsure of his welcome. Hux is by the far wall, still not looking at him and the corridor has never seemed so long before. “Talk to me.” “I don’t know what you want me to say,” Hux replies. “There is nothing in particular I want you to say. I only want you to speak freely in front of me.” “Oh, as you have in front of me?” Swallowing loudly, Kylo takes a few steps closer to Hux. He is relieved that Hux doesn’t move further away, but he doesn’t look at Kylo or move closer to him either. …this isn’t about Haas, is it? Kylo states more than asks. Brilliant deduction. “…can I hold you, Hux?” Finally looking at him, Hux has the most bizarre expression on his face. He seems halfway shocked, partially offended and genuinely confused. Hux doesn’t know that Kylo is familiar with his ice and his fortresses, his jagged, sharp outer armor – Hux doesn’t understand that he will gladly cut every inch of his skin to get closer to Hux. He just isn’t sure how to say that. “Why in the stars would you want to –“ “There are things that cannot be expressed in words. Even thoughts or transferred feelings. If you don’t want me to come close, I won’t. But I want to. I want to hold you.” Assessing him warily, Hux eventually nods and Kylo walks up to him. He stands before Hux for a few beats before moving his hands onto Hux’s waist, then slithering his arms around Hux’s frame and bringing him in close. Hux is stiff for a few seconds and Kylo is worried that Hux might pull away or never fully meet his eyes again, but then Hux’s arms come to Kylo’s sides and he grips gently at Kylo’s borrowed shirt. Kylo’s chest rattles on the relieved exhale he lets out. He turns his head against Hux’s, his lips close to Hux’s lashes. “I may not be able to… destroy every trouble you face,” Kylo starts nervously, “but I will try. And when I can’t… just let me bear the weight of it with you.” Hux doesn’t respond. “Please tell me what’s happening.” A surprised chill runs through Kylo’s back when he feels how Hux’s hands grip harder at the fabric of his shirt. He senses fear coming from Hux, shame, reluctance and equal desire to pull Kylo closer and to push him away. Hux tucks his face more into the crook of Kylo’s neck, hiding himself in a way and he asks very quietly, “…I’m in grave danger. Aren’t I?” Before Kylo’s mouth is even fully parted to answer, Hux inserts, “be honest, Ren.” Shutting his mouth, Kylo presses his lips against Hux’s hair, reassesses and answers carefully, “… I didn’t want to frighten you.” “The silence frightens me more.” “Yes,” Kylo answers, a hand coming to cradle the back of Hux’s head, “You’re in grave danger.” Admitting it out loud makes something in Kylo’s stomach twist uncomfortably. He shuts his eyes and breathes in Hux’s scent, trying to center himself. “You’ve foreseen something,” Hux guesses. Kylo only nods back. “You’re not going to tell me what it is this time, though.” “I…” Squeezing his eyes shut, Kylo grimaces and wishes, briefly again, that he might be an ordinary man with ordinary problems. But if he were ordinary, he wouldn’t have Aurelien Hux in his arms and that possible reality is simply unacceptable. I’m sorry , Kylo sends him, I don’t know how to proceed. You not knowing the details of my visions might protect you from focusing too much on them – if you do and you allow the anxiety of that to disturb you, you’ll be a blinking light of heightened emotion on Snoke’s radar. I’m… I think keeping this knowledge from you is what will keep you safest. Do you understand? An anxiety-provoked throb of pain emanates from Hux’s skull and Kylo moves away enough to examine the pallid tone of Hux’s skin. “Your head hurts,” Kylo says gently, the hand that cupped the back of Hux’s head now coming to brush back his fiery hair, “Let me heal you.” Hux’s brow furrows, his eyes look sad, though. His anger is dampening like a wet cloth thrown over a budding flame. He shakes his head and looks away again. More distance. Kylo’s heart sinks and he remembers Jardom’s words; that Jardom advised that Hux would want for his reassurances, his words. Kylo is more used to smashing things apart to express intense emotion, or making trades of Angels and building illusions to express sincerity, but for Hux, he can try his ill-equipped hand at words. “… you know, I left you sleeping for myself.” This draws Hux’s attention back to him – he’s still not looking Kylo in the eye, but he’s listening. “I will be honest with you when I’m being selfish and when I’m doing what I think is truly in your best interest. When I left Aurora … the thought of having to look you in the eye, shake your hand, say ‘goodbye,’ and nothing else, never kiss you, hold you and then turn my back…” Kylo shakes his head, his breath catching a little and he almost laughs at the influx of overwhelming sadness being recalled; he didn’t think retelling that day would cause him so much distress, but it does. His eyes are glassy. “The thought of having to turn my back to you and walk away… just put on my armor, apologize for being terrible at friendship, thank you for yours anyway, remind you to meditate, encourage you to go to the med bay the next your migraines came… then walk away? Just… feel your eyes on me as I left? I couldn’t bear it. I left you there because I’m selfish and you were right to hunt me down and you were right to be furious with me. I would have destroyed the entire ship in my rage had you been the one to do that to me.” It’s this admission that makes Hux smirk hesitantly and now his eyes finally move to Kylo’s. Icy blue and piercing as always. Kylo’s heart throbs the way it always does – the way, he believes, it always will when Hux looks at him. He is reminded of walking through their illusion together a long time back, how Hux had initiated intimate touch – how he had laced their fingers together and it had so shocked Kylo that he’d stopped in his tracks. “When I got on that pod…” No , Kylo thinks, that’s not where it begins… “…I have never felt fully put together, Hux,” Kylo explains, feeling his face heat up, feeling bad already at something he’s barely attempted, “My mother used to say I ‘wasn’t fully cooked,’ – that’s what she’d say about my emotional development. Because I had outbursts or had difficulty making friends. Because she didn’t understand me. She didn’t know how much self-doubt she was planting and I hardly blame her for it, but that’s not the point. The point is, I’ve always felt like I’m some source of power – some big energy, surrounded by the floating, unattached satellites of my bones and organs, but never pulled together. Never one, coherent, complete thing. You are so grounded – so sure of who you are, what you want and you have always been that way. I admire it, envy it and am in awe of it – I have known few certainties in my life. I can only wonder at how you can ascertain yours so quickly and assuredly.” Hux goes to speak, but Kylo touches at Hux’s lips with the pads of his fingers to stop him before he starts. Hux looks curiously down, going a little cross-eyed trying to wonder at Kylo’s hand, but Kylo doesn’t let it distract him. “Let me finish,” Kylo requests. Hux nods and Kylo brushes Hux’s bottom lip with his thumb before taking his hand back. “You emit power too, but you’re solid, you’re real, you’re strung together, something I can hang onto and the – the gravity of you – your gravity … pulls me together. It joins my bones, it organizes my insides, lays down my veins like threadwork and you are… everything . You’re my lungs expanding, my heart beating, my stomach turning at the thought of being away from you. You are everywhere – the air, the atmosphere and I see you in everyone. When I left that day…” Having Hux’s undivided attention can be a heady, empowering thing – particularly in times when Kylo feels raw and vulnerable. It feels good to share this with Hux, though. It feels right. And the glowing, apparent emotion in Hux’s open eyes tell him he is doing this right. “…I saw your crew members and I thought, absurdly, that I’d miss them. I wouldn’t miss them, though – I‘d miss you . They were an extension of you. I wasn’t going to miss Aurora – she is just another extension of you – all the meals I’ve had here, the droids I’ve become familiar with, the halls and the sliding doors, the conference rooms, the bridges, the hangars, the crews – it was all you . The tags you gave me – they were a piece of you and it’s what’s kept me in one piece all this time. I swear, my body would have fallen apart like a broken doll and been lost in space forever without direction or cohesion if I hadn’t had the weight of it on my chest like an anchor.” Kylo takes Hux’s face in his hands, brings them close enough that they’re sharing the same air, they’re toe-to-toe and Hux’s eyes are so near, Kylo could swear there’s a snowy breeze coming from them. “I thought as I boarded that pod – I thought of dancing with you. It was all I wanted to do,” Kylo admits, smiling sadly, eyes flickering between Hux’s, “I could hear orchestras, feel how your hands hold me together when they’re on me and when we would spin… I didn’t feel like I’d fly off into innumerable shards impossible to put back together. I felt solid and real, powerful, strung together enough to get caught up in your gravity and it was like we were orbiting each other. I think… it’s why I feel like the universe has narrowed down to where only we exist in front of each other – your power, your gravity and my energy, put together after so long of never knowing what that felt like – dancing with you felt like I was finally in orbit. I’d found a star bright and burning enough to give me life and color where there had never been any… and that’s what I thought of. That’s what I was thinking of before you walked aboard and forced me to face you – as you should have.” Hux’s eyes are shimmering and Kylo wants to get lost in them, but he needs to share this piece of himself. He wants Hux to understand – even if Hux will never let him say the words he wants to, he wants Hux to feel it. “I was boarding that pod despite every cell in my body screaming at me to turn back and hide in your quarters, in your bed – never leave. Never leave. The only motivation that allowed me to board at all was the thought of attaining more power to protect you with. Still. I didn’t want power. I didn’t want to be a Knight, a Force user – I didn’t want to yell, to fight or destroy anything, I didn’t want to meditate, find oneness with anything else – I just… I just wanted to dance with you. One more time. And when I board this pod to Tython, know that this is what I’m thinking of. I am sure it will be all the same – I will board without wanting to, consumed with my thoughts of you and only wanting for one last dance.” “…a star?” There’s no explanation necessary; Kylo knows what Hux is asking. “Yes. You’re my star,” Kylo replies, his thumb brushing Hux’s reddened cheekbone, “Golden.” Hux’s breath catches, his eyes widen and flicker away and he makes an attempt to get out from Kylo’s grip, flustered and in flight, dreadfully fearful, but Kylo keeps him there, keeps their faces close and pointed toward each other. “Promise me. Promise me we’ll dance again.” There’s a moment’s hesitation again, but Hux nods and then the wind is being knocked out of him with how much force Kylo uses to back him up against the wall and kiss him. Hux’s arms curl around Kylo’s neck and Kylo’s thumbs brush at the corners of their mouths again like their first kiss. Why do you do that? Do you dislike it? No , Hux answers honestly, I just don’t understand it. It’s just difficult to believe you are kissing me back. I need to feel it to verify it. I’ve known you for so long and never guessed you’d be such a sappy romantic. Kylo smiles into their kiss and then licks into Hux’s mouth, swallowing the vibration of Hux’s moan. You like it. Never accuse me of liking you; I’m deeply offended. Laughter from both of them breaks the kiss and they wind up staring at each other, both underdressed, both anxious and displeased to be parting again so soon, but present. They’re both present and Kylo feels that and Hux feels that and they both feel the other feeling it – “We’re gonna work,” Kylo asks confidently, “Aren’t we?” It’s good, Kylo thinks, that Hux understands him even when his questions and answers are vague and brief. He means a future – a future with Hux. A future where Kylo rids Hux of his migraines during the worst seasons and kisses him in the foyer because he has the freedom to do just that. A future where their time together is unlimited, where they wear rings with condensed stars, where Hux winds up leaning backward over the kitchen counter because Kylo can’t keep his hands to himself and doesn’t need to. A future where they argue over asinine things that don’t truly matter, where Hux can paint or draw as he pleases, where Hux is a bottomless well of patient knowledge, where they can talk about the Angels, where the bed is big and plush, where Hux’s hand rests on the small of Kylo’s back whenever they happen to stand beside one another like it’s a natural state of being. ‘We’re going to work,’ meaning, ‘we make a good team,’ ‘this is going to last,’ ‘you want this daydream future as much as I do,’ ‘you and I are what the poets were talking about,’ ‘you and I are soul mates and I found you.’ ‘We’re going to work,’ meaning, ‘I found you and you found me despite the odds and in every universe to come, we’ll find each other time and again and I won’t let go and you won’t let go.’ “I’m afraid we just might,” Hux answers, a hesitant smile crossing his lips. Waiting a moment before bringing it up and likely ruining the temporarily lightened mood, Kylo manages to say, “I’ve had insecurities.” “Oh?” Hux asks, genuine care crossing his features, “What about?” “I…” Unable to vocalize it all, he simply touches at Hux’s temple and inserts his memory of explaining his feelings to Jardom. “…I’m worried he regrets me. Or worse – that he has plainly accepted me as some sort of inevitability – that he has not chosen me, but… is resigned to me. He has drawn away from me and… I don’t know how to fix it. I’ve never cared about a person like this… or at all. I don’t know how to bridge this chasm.” When they both open their eyes to each other again, Hux touches at Kylo’s face, tucks away a stray lock of hair and tells him, “you only know how to expand and I only know how to draw in on myself. I think we’ll wind up in situations like this often in the time to come, Ren.” There’s a strong implication in that; that there will be more time together, that Hux wants more time together and intends on staying with Kylo despite… despite everything . Hux senses Kylo’s astonishment through their channel and rolls his eyes. Don’t be daft, Ren. “It’s… it’s just a different type of dance,” Hux offers, “We’ll figure out the steps as we get on. This… this is fine. I draw away because I have already experienced the loss of you before – I can’t bear it again. And I never do anything I don’t want to, Ren. You should know that about me by now. I wouldn’t be standing here in your enormous arms if I didn’t want to be; I’m not resigned to you – I choose you. Over and again and typically against my better judgment. The chasm is not your doing. It’s mine.” “How can I help?” “The more information I have, the more control I feel,” Hux explains, “When you give me nothing to work with – I panic. There is nothing you can say that will make me more comfortable with what you are attempting to do. I think you’re spreading yourself too thin, I think there are too many holes in your plan that I have no idea how to fill and you don’t seem nearly as confident about fighting off death as you did before the Gala. I’m uneasy; you can talk to me, though. Tell me enough – give me some measure control.” “Okay,” Kylo agrees readily, “Anything. Anything for you.” Hux’s eyes darken and lid, flash down to Kylo’s lips and Kylo’s heart bumps loudly. “That’s right,” Hux mutters, “Anything for me…” There is a shift in the air – Kylo wonders if Hux knows the effect his presence has on a room. How his moods can be felt like tectonic plates reallocating. “Tell me again.” Something hot coils low in Kylo’s belly at the order. Perhaps Hux does know the effect his moods have. “I would do anything for you.” Hux’s cheeks fluster and he’s staring at Kylo’s chest again. He plants a hand there, at the center and applies some pressure. “On your knees.” Easily, Kylo moves onto the floor, his head tilted up to keep Hux’s gaze. “Do you like it down there?” His body even more intrigued than his mind, Kylo nods, swallows roughly and replies, “yes. I knew I would.” There’s a smile in Hux’s eyes, but not one on his lips. Kylo doubts he’s hiding his own thrill well. “Are you ready to surrender control to me?” “Yes,” Kylo replies promptly. Dragging a hand through Kylo’s hair, Hux tilts his head, “good,” he smirks and then asks, “how hard are you already?” “Painfully.” Hux’s lips twitch like his smirk might stretch into a grin. He brushes his hand through Kylo’s hair, then gently down the side of Kylo’s face, stopping around his jaw. He’s being tortuously gentle. He presses the pad of his thumb against Kylo’s lips and asks, “how badly do you want me naked right now?” “More than you can know.” A reverberating throb of some passionate emotion travels from Kylo into Hux through their channel, catching Hux’s breath. Kylo licks Hux’s thumb, then sucks it into his mouth, dragging his teeth along it as he pulls off. “Let me give you control, Hux,” Kylo offers, voice rough and husky, “I want to. I want to give you control.” “Clear the area of your quarters, set a blanket on the floor and I expect you to be entirely naked when I arrive. Understood?” Unable to do anything but nod in response, Kylo watches how Hux’s eyes linger hotly on his face, making everything in his body feel rushed and overheated. Hux wastes no time, though, leaving in the direction of his room – Kylo knows Hux is getting whatever materials or clothes he needs. He’s intending to stay with Kylo in his new quarters for however long Kylo will stay aboard. It’s eerily reminiscent of the time before he first left, but how can he refuse Hux? He rises to his feet unsteadily and goes to follow Hux’s orders, a tingling sensation of anticipation running up and down his spine. Control, sacrifice, purification – no. What they’re doing is not just fucking. Kylo thinks that’s why he’s so properly aroused after a talk like that – bearing himself to Hux and Hux appearing just as transparent back to him. Reflecting his honesty. He’s hard because the lilt of Hux’s voice sets his blood on fire and the shine of Hux’s hair is striking enough to make him bow. He’s in a rush to get to his quarters because Hux is going to sigh, going to bite his lip, moan, cry out, suck bruises into Kylo’s skin and Kylo will forget every shadow he’s crossed in the galaxy. Kylo will look into Hux’s shimmering eyes, the way they only look when he’s alone with Kylo and when he’s stripped raw like an exposed nerve and Kylo will do anything – anything – for those eyes, that voice, his General. His gold. Anything. Notes: "Melanie, does that mean the next chapter is gonna have some kinky sex????" Yes, it does! "Melanie, they're /communicating/ like adults in a relationship!!!" It would appear so! "Melanie, Jardom is so insightful?? I thought he was just a nerd with a big alien crush???" Those two things are not mutually exclusive! "Melanie, what's the symbolism with all the gold??????" That's for you to derive your own meaning from! It's symbolism in writing! It's subjective! Have fun! "Melanie, is the next chapter gonna be the last sex scene????" Nope! "Melanie, are you any closer to wooing your Research Methods in Psychology Professor????" I don't think so, unfortunately, but he wore a vest last week and that was a nice treat! "Melanie, is there a lot of pain on the way??" Yes! Always! "MelanIE WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS" STOP BLAMING ME OK YOU ALL TOOK ME BY MY SCALP AND DRAGGED ME KICKING AND SCREAMING INTO THE SINFUL DUMPSTER THAT IS KYLUX AND NOW WE ALL HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT LIKE ADULTS. "Melanie, are your updates gonna be further apart now with the semester in full swing?" Kinda sorta. The next couple chapters are written out but need editing. I'm hoping I'll be able to be a little more consistent than I have been! "Melanie, are all your end notes gonna be like this now?" Probably yeah Chapter 5 Notes: No trigger warnings for this chapter! The visions that Kylo revisits towards the end of this chapter, if you'd like to cross-reference them, are in Chapter 3 of Part 2! For those of you squicked or just don't like to read smut, skip between the first line of this chapter to the exchange of "Kylo-" "Don't." and "The last cycle he spends..." to the line, "There's a figure haunting them." All the important emotional developments are in the end notes if you have to skip the sex scenes <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Putting strong emotion into words has never been Kylo’s strength, but the way he fumbles for coherency is very nearly embarrassing. Seeing Hux in his crown was like walking through a dream in its surreal pleasure; seeing Hux in only his crown is skewering Kylo’s nerves in an unprecedented way. Hands cuffed in interrogation gear above his head and cock harder than it possibly ever has been, Kylo doesn’t have all that much blood circulating in his head. Words require way too much thought and energy anyway and with a lap full of very naked, very devious-looking General Aurelien Hux, Kylo only has energy enough to dedicate every thought he has to yes , more , now and Hux, Hux, Hux, Hux . Gently, Hux pushes away some stray hairs from Kylo’s forehead, fingers just barely ghosting over his heated skin and asks, “are your energies on the kids still focused?” “The kids?” Kylo asks breathlessly. There is a deep, dark bruise on his jugular at this point and his open legs spread further to make more room for Hux to prowl into. His eyes are low; he’s watching the shaky rise and fall of Kylo’s sucked, bitten and swollen chest. “You know – my officers. Haas and the lot.” “What?” Kylo asks dazedly, struggling for comprehension, “Oh – yeah – they’re fine. Their states don’t require too much focus, they’re fi – anh !” Hux laps up Kylo’s clavicle at the same time he cups Kylo’s sac and rubs at his perineum with friction-warm fingers. Another light flickers and breaks and Hux rumbles something pleased into Kylo’s skin; it’s the third light to have broken since Hux undressed. Hux relishes in Kylo’s loss of control – fascinating to Kylo that he can make Hux’s eyes sparkle with amazement when he’s in strict control over his powers and engineers illusions or casts mind tricks and how blown and dark he can make Hux’s eyes when his abilities turn to ruins. “Is it really so surprising?” Hux inquires, voice husky and sending a shiver down Kylo’s spine. “I didn’t say anything,” Kylo manages to mutter back, his neck and back arching in the hopes of more friction and attention. “Mm,” Hux hums back, “but you’re thinking very loudly.” Kylo would smile at how the tables have turned, but he thinks this is possibly what Hux has always wanted; he knows now that he has the power to pull Kylo together with the gravitation of his very being. Maybe all he wants for confirmation of control is the proof that he can pull Kylo apart just as easily. And Kylo won’t just allow for Hux to pull him apart – he invites Hux to. Hux sucks some bruises into Kylo’s sides, licks and bites around Kylo’s pronounced hipbones and he runs his hands down Kylo’s shaking thighs. He reduces Kylo to a stammering, quivering mess before finally using the broad of his tongue to coat Kylo’s length. There’s an audible crack of glass from somewhere, but no burst light and Hux seems to think that’s unacceptable. He swallows Kylo down with ease, liking how his jaw aches, how his mouth has to stretch to accommodate for Kylo’s girth, how the back of his throat will undoubtedly be bruised with how Kylo bucks involuntarily. He flexes his throat like a swallow around the head of Kylo’s cock and then the light shatters. Hux pulls his mouth up, but never off and with every slow bob, Kylo is slickened and teased and teetering on the edge of orgasm. Distantly, Kylo registers the sound of a cap coming off, the fragrance of whatever salve they used the other cycle in the air, but his mind is mostly blank until he feels Hux’s middle finger circling his rim. He gasps, eyes snapping open. Hux looks up at him; his swollen mouth his still wrapped around Kylo’s cock, the shine of his saliva is dripping and pooling over Kylo’s entire groin and his eyes are luminous and positively sinister . There’s a low rumble of restrained laughter when Kylo’s cock throbs at the sight. If they weren’t before, General Hux has well and truly fucked all of Kylo’s psychosexual responses. You’re – I’m – me? – me, this time? Kylo desperately hopes that he’s not coming off as pathetically as he feels; it’s impossible to think clearly when his body is a quaking mess. Hux shuts his eyes, sucks him down further, slick finger still circling and his thumb as well is rubbing at Kylo’s perineum. Only if you’re amenable, of course. “I –“ I’ve never done this – not even to myself – I don’t know, I – Hux slips his mouth off Kylo, a string of drool reluctantly breaking between Kylo’s reddened glands and Hux’s bottom lip. He straddles Kylo’s thighs, his right hand still circling Kylo’s rim and his left hand coming to lazily pump at Kylo’s straining erection. Hux kisses all along Kylo’s jaw, up to his chin and then says softly, “relax, my sweet menace. I’ll be gentle and if you don’t care for it, I’ll gladly trade places with you. Does that sound agreeable to you?” Nodding even causes Kylo some dizziness – all of his blood has pooled lower in his body, every muscle feels light and ticklish, jumping under Hux’s fingers whenever they stray. “Excellent,” Hux says in response, leaning down to lick and kiss at Kylo’s collarbone. The first finger slips in slowly and Hux keeps his thumb moving in languid circles, keeps his fist tight enough that Kylo can’t come but can feel his orgasm building unbearably. “Talk to me, Kylo,” Hux mutters into the humid hollow of Kylo’s neck, “Are you alright?” “Y-yes,” he answers, flustered at Hux’s sweetness. The intrusion is not something he’s experimented with before and he’s not quite sure if he likes it yet or not. He resolves to let Hux investigate further. Sucking one nipple into his mouth, Hux partially distracts Kylo from the twisting and turning of his finger and while unfamiliar, Kylo decides he doesn’t dislike Hux’s finger in him. The way it slides in and out of him, how Hux’s equally slicked thumb keeps rubbing at that sensitive skin – his head is starting to feel as though it’s been stuffed with cotton. Biting gently at Kylo’s pert nipple before pulling away and kissing at the center of Kylo’s chest, Hux asks, “how does it feel?” “ Nnh – strange…” “Bad strange?” Hux asks, kissing down Kylo’s twitching stomach. His eyes shut, Kylo turns his head to the side, arching his back a little, trying to determine the right answer. “No – not bad. Not bad strange…” “You’re doing so well, Kylo,” Hux whispers against his shivering, hypersensitive skin; his breath tickling the coarse hairs around Kylo’s navel, “So precious and patient – you’re amazing.” Kylo’s cock throbs again, jumping against his abdomen and he’s half-humiliated that Hux has figured out this kink he didn’t realize he had, but he likes it too much to ask Hux to stop. When he feels through their channel, he doesn’t feel any mockery either – Hux says these things because he believes them and because he knows Kylo gets off on it. Kylo thinks he needs more blood in his skull – like he might pass out from all of this sensory input, but he doesn’t want Hux to worry and he’d like to make Hux proud. He’d like to endure the strangeness and welcome Hux into his body; he’d like to bring Hux the same pleasure Hux has brought him. Hux brings his legs together and moves further down Kylo’s body again, taking Kylo’s cock back into his mouth and setting a slow tempo. It’s while he’s curling his tongue around the base of Kylo’s cock that he gradually slips in the second finger and Kylo makes something close to a keening noise. Is it okay? “It’s –“ Kylo can’t really respond, his brows pull together; Hux’s fingers are moving in time with each other and appear to be seeking something in particular, moving with a type of formula in mind. Tell me, Kylo. “It’s... that’s…” Kylo trails off, a dull pulsation of something very good growing at the base of his spine, “…that’s actually… actually – hanh! – ah – Hux –“ Before Kylo can string together anything coherent, Hux crooks his fingers again and rubs that bundle of nerves more determinedly and every discomfort is muted in the wake of that intense pleasure. Kylo can’t hear the noises he’s making over the rush of blood in his ears. Very good, Kylo. You make the most beautiful noises. Spread your legs wider for me now. Following the order thoughtlessly, Kylo’s head lolls to the other side, his chest is heaving, the muscles in his abdomen are contracting visibly and a sheen of sweat has developed all over his body. So obedient , Hux compliments, so eager to please me. And you do. You please me deeply, Kylo. You look beautiful spread out for me. His fingers keep moving in and out, crooking, rubbing and his mouth stays wrapped around Kylo’s cock, keeping him exceptionally warm and on the cusp of coming. The third finger borders on overwhelming, but Kylo’s head is pleasantly buzzing and the very slight pain of its entry is grounding, comforting in that way that he isn’t frightened of his weightlessness. All too soon, Hux’s incredible mouth is gone and his slickened hand is wrapping around his own cock, coating himself. Kylo’s lidded eyes are drawn to the motion; Hux’s dexterous fingers working himself, the pad of his thumb rubbing at the head of his cock lazily. Eager to give himself to Hux, but unable to speak or even think clearly, Kylo just wraps his feet around the back of Hux’s thighs and tugs. Hux smiles in response; he stays on his knees, pulling Kylo up to him so his waist is at an angle. With his legs spread wide around Hux’s lithe waist, his upper-back and head at the floor and hands still cuffed above his head, he’s entirely powerless. It’s frightening, but liberating as well – he feels safe in Hux’s hands. Hux senses this trust through their bond and he leans over Kylo, bending Kylo nearly in half just so he can keep his lips close to Kylo’s when he says, “I trust you too, Kylo.” “ Hux ,” Kylo groans wantonly. “Tell me you want it.” “I want you,” Kylo answers immediately, begging, “I need you – please , Hux.” The shimmer of Hux’s golden crown is nearly as bright as the glistening of his eyes. He kisses Kylo chastely and then in one, rather swift motion, Hux is entirely inside him. Kylo gasps and his arms jump, as if he’d like to grip at Hux but forgot his restraints. Hux’s hands stay at his hips and he angles them differently, just slightly and when he backs out to thrust in again, he hits that spot and Kylo’s voice goes hoarse on the noises he can’t tamp down and all of the lights flicker out briefly. Glancing up momentarily at the flickering lights, Hux looks immensely pleased; as clear-headed as a starved predator, but pleased and Kylo wonders at Hux’s beauty. His eyes so sharp, incandescent and spirited, his lips full and teeth so white with those sharp canines. His body is pale, freckled and his blush spreads like scarlet storm clouds over his body sort of chaotically – without pattern or predictability. To Kylo’s eyes, Hux is ethereal and he wants to worship Hux, relishes in the opportunity to worship him. He wants to worship Hux the rest of their lives. He wants to tell Hux what he’s feeling, he wants to say it – to say the words that really matter, but he’s terrified of being silenced again. He’s heartbroken at the thought of scaring Hux away with feelings Hux clearly considers a burden or threat. He shuts his eyes, his brow furrowed, chest heaving with shallow breaths impossible to calm. “Kylo,” Hux says gently, his voice breaking through the maelstrom of the inside of Kylo’s head, “Deep breathe. I’ve got you.” There’s too much emotion bubbling inside him like a dormant volcano and being so connected to Hux, so vulnerable for him – it’s tearing him apart just the way Hux wanted. He makes some pitiful, weak noise and Hux leans down again, touching their foreheads together. “I’ve got you, Kylo. You can let go. I’ve got you.” The forbidden words will come tumbling out and ruin everything if he opens his mouth, so rather than replying or kissing Hux, he bites his lip and takes in two shaky breaths as deeply as he can. His body has never known pleasure like this and his soul has never known oneness like this and his mind has never known family like this and his heart has never been recognized like this before. Everything he feels when he touches Hux, smells Hux, tastes Hux, hears Hux, thinks of Hux – it’s all as incomprehensibly enormous as the ever-expanding universe. Someday, long away, he wants to die knowing he lead a seemingly infinite, fruitful, impossibly glorious and intensely tender life with Hux. Full – that’s what he wants – he wants his life to be full and not the despairing black hole it’s been since his youth and he knows Hux can give that to him. Hux can fill that dense, dark emptiness with otherworldly light shining, electric eyes to power every valve and artery that’s fallen dead and impaired in their disuse – he gives Kylo purpose. Meaning. Hux is truly everything to Kylo. He remembers dancing with Hux, how the lights at the gala shone in his hair, twinkled in his eyes like far off stars, how his pristine uniform was so flattering and handsome – he remembers how at ease Hux was in his hold. Hux’s innate grace, the way he smiled shyly, the way those opaque lashes fluttered like butterflies’ wings when he glanced down in embarrassment over his possessiveness of Kylo. Kylo imagines a wedding ceremony with Hux in that uniform, with Hux smiling at him, vowing to dedicate the remainder of his mortality to Kylo and Kylo loses his breath again. He wants to voice it all – he wants to make promises, vows, admissions, but he can’t because Hux doesn’t want him to. He can’t and it’s killing him. “Hard - harder,” Kylo breathes out harshly, suddenly, “I – I can’t – you need to – I need you to fuck me, Hux.” It really is rather amazing to see the flash of betrayal in Hux’s eyes. It’s only there for a brief second, but it’s there and Kylo spots it before it can ghost itself. It’s the confirmation Kylo needed; Hux knows this isn’t just fucking either. He doesn’t want it to be. “Well, how can I deny you when you ask so kindly?” Hux asks, voice rough and sultry. His grip on Kylo’s hips turns bruising and he follows through – he sets a relentless pace, having positioned himself precisely where he needs to be to pound against Kylo’s prostate on every inward thrust. The lights flicker and hot tears slip from the corners of Kylo’s eyes – he doesn’t even know what they’re for. The intensity of everything and the loss of all his senses making it impossible to ascribe meaning to them. “Hux – Hux , harder ,” Kylo growls and Hux responds in kind. Kylo’s legs are so weak and trembling now that he can’t even wrap them around the small of Hux’s back, they just hang in the air, bouncing with every violent snap of Hux’s hips. His cuffed hands clench into tight fists, his arms straining, heart pounding and he realizes quite suddenly that he’s about to come untouched. There’s anxiety for some reason – that fear that he might fly off into innumerable broken shards and he makes a small cry in the hopes Hux will understand him. “I’ve got you,” Hux insists, leaning in close again, slowing down just a little and allowing for one hand to come up and cup the side of Kylo’s face, “I’ve got you, Kylo. Let go. Come for me. You’re gorgeous when you come – let me see it.” His climax moves through him like a deep current and the raw power of it shatters all the remaining lights, pushes all of the furniture outward like there’s been an explosion in the room and Kylo is the epicenter of it all. Hux doesn’t lie; not about keeping Kylo together – even if he’s displeased with what Kylo’s said, he promised to hold Kylo together and he does. His hands come to hold Kylo’s flanks and his grip is gentle there, reassuring and his gaze is so very nearly loving , Kylo aches . He’s still coming, white stripes painting his chest and he can feel himself contracting around Hux; he can feel it too when Hux is knocked over by his own orgasm, thrusting unevenly until he’s at a full stop, buried deep in Kylo and falling over him to catch his breath. Hux shudders through the aftershocks and then shakily reaches up, pressing his thumb against the print-recognizing lock of Kylo’s cuffs. When the cuffs come undone, Kylo can sense that Hux is anticipating Kylo’s hands to cup his face or otherwise touch him in some display of affection. Unsure of why he’s frightened to now, Kylo doesn’t. He shuts his eyes and massages his wrists, working circulation back into his hands and stretching his fingers as they tingle. “Kylo –“ “Don’t.” He can feel Hux’s shock; he has no idea what Hux was about to say, but whatever it is, it’s too much to hear. He can’t say what his soul is on fire with or he risks losing Hux entirely, so silence it must be. “…are you… did I hurt you?” “No,” Kylo answers simply. Without warning, Hux smacks Kylo’s chest none too kindly and Kylo’s eyes flash up at him, wounded and thoroughly confused. Hux’s brow is tightly knit, his eyes are glossy and he wraps his hands firmly around Kylo’s. “I’m the one that pulls away. Not you. You’re not allowed to do that.” “I’m not –“ “ Yes , you are,” Hux interjects angrily, “Tell me. Tell me what’s wrong.” “I can’t.” Puzzlement displays itself for maybe .2 seconds on Hux’s face before disappearing completely. Of course he knows what Kylo wants to say; Hux knows everything. “If… if the sex is too much, we don’t have to –“ “What?” Kylo panics, “ No ! No , I don’t want it to stop –“ “Well, it will have to if this is what it creates between us.” What “this,” is isn’t precisely specified, but Kylo understands anyway. He can’t stand the thought of not touching Hux again, but if he can’t keep his emotions in check, he won’t have any say in whether or not he can touch Hux. Hux will take that privilege from him. That threat is very real and probably makes the most sense; to be fair, Kylo never should have started sleeping with Hux. He never should have kissed Hux. He never should have developed these increasingly cumbersome feelings for Hux. Maybe for both their sakes. It’s too late now, Kylo knows. He feels this way and he’ll never stop feeling this way. He knew that the moment he laid a very drunken General to sleep – he can remember that electric shock of desire scaring him back a ways. Funny how desire for Hux once frightened him and now he’d like to marinate in it. He remembers the weight of Hux’s greatcoat over him, how the snowflakes in the air caught on his lashes and stung in his facial wound. He remembers how clear and calm Hux’s voice was, how certain he was; “immunity to pain is not the absence of pain, Ren. It is the acceptance of pain that dulls it.” As much as Hux breeds desire and color and life and beauty in Kylo he didn’t know was possible, he brings pain too. Kylo always knew that. He knew that Hux is, was and probably always shall be an icy tundra with a barrier of jagged glass and serrated blades – but he knows the way Hux looks when he dances too. He knows how Hux hides his face when he laughs because he’s inexplicably embarrassed by it. He knows the deity of ruination, he knows the General, he knows the man and he knows Aurelien. What Hux has always promised, to Kylo and the galaxy at large, is an abundance of pain. He isn’t going to change just because Kylo cares for him. Kylo’s adoration isn’t going to soften Hux into a different person. All he can do is make a corner of the universe safe enough for Hux to show the entire gradient of his personality – the blades and ice, but the soft lips and reluctant laughter on the bridge too. The God in him decimating galactic systems, the General in him radiating composure and poise, the man in him exuding patience and all the hues and shades of Aurelien. A multitude of realities exist inside Hux and Kylo finds he wouldn’t want to live without the pain of knowing all the paradoxes and contradictions of Hux. He wouldn’t want to live without Hux at all, actually. He imagines dying by Hux’s hands – that dagger of his slicing open an artery, embedding itself in his head – by all means, Hux can cut open Kylo’s chest and eat his still-beating heart if he so wanted to. So long as he didn’t force Kylo to live without him – not for a moment. When he returns from Tython, he never wants to be separated from Hux again – not even to fetch groceries or get a start on the yard work. And if he must die, he’d like for Hux to be the one to kill him. He honestly can’t imagine a more peaceful way to depart; not that he can say that. Hux would hate hearing that for its sentimentality alone, but would likely be alarmed and perhaps even offended by the implications of that fantasy. It would be remarkable, though, to die by the hands of General Hux. “A Knight of Ren mustn’t die of exposure, Lord Kylo Ren. It’s in poor taste - far too unremarkable a way to perish.” And isn’t that what Hux wanted for him, once upon a time? “Kylo, you bleeding idiot,” Hux hisses, his insult breaking Kylo’s reverie. Before he’s fully aware of what’s happening, Hux has gathered his face in those nimble hands and his kiss is forceful – it’s more like a slap than a kiss. It’s a little biting, it’s ardent and sincere. It’s so genuinely Hux; painful and sharp even in its inherent tenderness. “Stop taking yourself away from me. Just… stop it,” Hux says, his breath a bit lost. “How… how are you ever going to forgive me?” Kylo had no idea that question was still floating about his unconscious until it was out in the open. “…is that what’s worrying you?” Hux asks, his face close and eyes flickering back and forth between Kylo’s, “Kylo…” After a momentary pause, Hux takes one of Kylo’s hands and places the palm of it over his heart. Kylo can feel it beating there, forty beats per minute. He glances at his hand between their chests and then back up to Hux’s arctic eyes. “I am precisely where I want to be.” Kylo is unsure of what Hux means – it could be deciphered so many ways and Hux seems to see the struggle in Kylo’s expression. He touches their foreheads together and his inner voice is loud in Kylo’s head. I was ruined to have lost you. Truly – losing you, or having felt like I lost you – that was a torture and pain unlike I’d known could exist in one body. And I will bleed every star in the galaxy, destroy every system, kill every unassuming officer under my leadership if it will keep you beside me. I can’t imagine what caring for a gentleman like myself must be like – I know I can be… difficult. And hard to read. And secretive. But even as you stole my memories from me, I felt safe. Had any other man seen the inside of my mind, I would have sooner killed him than run away. Truth is, I always feel safe with you, even when I shouldn’t – even when it makes no sense at all. It’s what’s so thrilling about you. You’re so different from all the rest. Anger is just an expression of fear and as you can tell, my anger is gone. And your fear? I fear death and that’s entirely your fault. I fear losing you, I fear harming you because I don’t know how to treat anything kindly. I fear what I might become if I lose you. But I don’t fear you , Kylo Ren. Every time death has its finger hooked in the back of my collar, you grab its wrist and twist it until there’s a crack and thunder and I’m somehow still alive. When I ran from you, when I locked you out of my room, when I told you I’d kill you if you came in and truly did try to kill you – even then, you bared your neck to me. You’ll harm me and I’ll harm you – it’s what we do. But we will clean the lacerations and bandage the wounds and find a way to laugh about it someday. I don’t know… I don’t understand how you can forgive me, Hux. He feels Hux smile more than he actually sees it. Kylo… you took a long stroll through my mind, saw the very worst of me – the ugliest, angriest, most apathetic and inarguably terrible things I’ve been, done and still am to this day. And you didn’t shy way from me. Rather, you told me I was something precious to you. You forgave me without even trying – you forgave me first. That’s how I can forgive you, Kylo. A tear falls from the corner of one of Kylo’s shut eyes and Hux kisses the corner of that eye, the gentle touch of his lips tickling Kylo’s skin. You have given me so much I didn’t know I wanted or needed – something I never thought I needed was forgiveness. I was so certain that if anyone ever knew the truth – the entire truth – that I’d… I’m not sure. Be forced to acknowledge how right my father was about me from the start, I suppose. That I was… without a home. Or a right to a home. That I was a weed, a blemish – you saw the entire truth. And you told me that I… you called me a star . Kylo, you said you’d give me everything when what I feared would happen is that I would finally see how clearly my father sees that I’ve never deserved anything . You forgave me first. And I forgive you. Ugly truths, terrible deeds and all. I would have you no other way. Threading his fingers through Hux’s hair, effectively knocking off the crown, Kylo pulls Hux closer until they’re kissing and they don’t stop. Hux eventually maneuvers himself to lie next to Kylo and Kylo ignores the mess between them, just holds onto Hux as securely as he can and kisses him until there is nothing but Hux – the smell, taste, feel and thought of him – the way existing ought to be. The next cycle, Hux spends in his quarters, mostly playing with Millicent and conversing with Jardom as both Nali and Haas remain eerily still. Kylo is in the hangar, meditating between three pods, coating his energies over them like waves beating against a jagged rock until it’s smooth and porous. They eat with Phasma and Jardom, they bathe and sleep together in Kylo’s quarters and for the next two cycles, they take each other on every available surface. Kylo makes an offhanded comment post-coitus on the second cycle about how Hux used to hate his destruction of the ship, but now seems Hellbent on making Kylo ruin lights and furniture at every sexual encounter. Hux laughs in response – hides his face in that way he does and Kylo is so charmed by it. They spar some, they talk as friends talk and talk as lovers talk, Hux draws portraits of Haas, Jardom, Nali, Phasma and Kylo, though Kylo is the only one to see them. Kylo blankets his energy over the pods, Nali and Haas and he spends energy too on their illusion. In his own mind, Kylo has titled the illusion Aurelien Grasslands, but he is too frightened of Hux’s reaction to ask for explicit permission to use his name. When they are lying together, hands touching, legs twined, Kylo invites Hux into his mind and Hux travels through the vast, spiraling library of Kylo’s inner-workings. He investigates several memories belonging to Ben Solo – his curiosities are generally benign. He is very curious about the training Kylo has accomplished. When he and Kylo inevitably end up talking about his memories of Han and Leia, Hux doesn’t offer much in way of comfort – not intentionally, at least. He unintentionally gives comfort in his validation and objective recounting. He simply says, “you were profoundly sad. You were thinking abstractly so young, experiencing cosmic loneliness and existential fear before you could truly comprehend what either of those things meant. Your parents were not a particularly good team, but I see how you mean – they tried their best. You are an anomaly. I am sure they both hoped for something lower maintenance, something easily definable and from what I can tell in your memories, they were very black-and-white thinkers. Dangerous – the galaxy is made up mostly of grey and to try to define you as one thing or another with no in-between… well, I think it’s cruel altogether to define a child and not allow them to define themselves. They failed you. They failed Ben.” That’s enough, somehow. Not said in anger or disbelief – just someone, someone intellectual, someone who cares about him, looking him in the eye and saying, ‘yes, they tried, but they failed and that’s not your fault.’ That’s enough to sew up an old wound and Kylo says in return, “she would never admit it, but General Organa would find it impossible to hate you, you know.” Hux smiles at him and kisses his nose as some form of ‘thanks.’ Hux is in deep discussion with Jardom one cycle and Kylo has spent several hours meditating between the pods. He calls in early, though – in search of Phasma. He’s yet to have time alone with her and while he wants to spend every waking moment he has left with Hux, he knows it’s important that he speak to her. When he finds her, she is standing outside Hux’s quarters, her arms crossed over her chest, dressed down and looking like she hasn’t slept for many cycles. They meet eyes, are silent for a few moments and then he asks her if she’d still like to kill him. “I’m not so sure,” she answers honestly, “Hux is my brother. I can hate what you’ve done, but if he’s so fuckin’ attached to you, I figure I’ll have to find a way to tolerate you despite… you know. Yourself .” Kylo nods because he understands and, frankly, he agrees with her. “He once thought about having a life with me – marriage and children,” Kylo starts conversationally, “He imagined a young girl to name Ziare. He pictured you there – in our made-up life together. With all his wits, I don’t think even Hux realizes how much he cares about you. No matter what I am to him, you will always have your place beside him.” She blinks in some surprise and then schools her face as much as possible. Kylo thinks it’s unnecessary that she try to mask any emotion from him, but says nothing. She looks away and he notices how glassy her eyes get. Her words are sparse and it’s how he knows they are too significant to ignore. “Don’t take that man from me, Kylo Ren.” He tilts his head and she blinks, still not looking at him – thinking she might cry if she does. Kylo fails to understand what he’s done to upset her. “Hux is all I’ve had in this galaxy – I care about him so deeply, so… so much. Just… don’t take him from me.” “I have no intention to.” She nods as if she’s receiving an order, clears her throat and then disappears into Hux’s room without a further word. Kylo follows shortly after her. Everyone is quite civil with each other while the hours tick by – Snoke is absent, but Kylo has not done much to draw attention to himself or Aurora . He intends to keep it that way. The last cycle he spends before his trip to Tython, he spends with Hux. Hours meant for sleep are brimmed with sweat, cum, cursing, broken lights, flipped furniture, gasping and biting and it’s during that last sleep cycle another vision he had so long ago comes to fruition. He remembers the vision as Hux drags his nails down Kylo’s back, his hair fanned out and face flushed, gasping, “ more ,” and Kylo remembers – “ More –“ – it’s gasped, its raspy, low tone born from Hux’s exposed and bruised throat – There are deep love-bites all over Hux’s arched neck and his voice is coarse as sandpaper from the noises Kylo has milked out of him over the hours. He is a work of art, all red, pale, freckled, bruised with Kylo’s zealous adoration. Kylo shuts his eyes, starts fucking deeper and harder into Hux’s willing flesh; he leans down, his hair falling around them both and then Hux makes a strange noise – something too close to a cry. Kylo opens his eyes to see droplets blossoming between Hux’s opaque lashes – his expression is almost tortured. It’s not from pleasure-pain either. Energies of intense emotion are cascading over Hux’s body and being absorbed into Kylo at every place their bodies meet. With eyes still shut tightly, Hux murmurs, “ Kylo ,” – so sweet, so wanton, so desperate and beautiful and incredible – he says it with so much purpose, that way he does when they’re alone and intimate. The way only he can. Kylo’s hair draping around Hux’s face like dark curtains – Hux’s nails clawing down his back, the room shaking and shifting, Hux gasping – Hux’s kiss-swollen lips opening on a silent cry, his brows pulled in tight, his eyes shut – tears blooming between his wet, thick lashes, “ Kylo –“ You’re close , Kylo thinks through their channel. Hux nods, but the intensity isn’t from his oncoming orgasm – there’s something else. Something he wants to say. Something important. Before Kylo’s blood-deprived brain can even begin to run possible scenarios, he feels Hux’s hands come to grip his face. His eyes flicker to Hux’s and he’s looking at Kylo that way again – that special way – Hux’s hands framing his face, looking up at him with glassy, reflective and beautiful eyes – The Force took special care with you , Kylo thinks unashamedly, You are so incredibly beautiful, Hux. You’re so beautiful. Cheeks and ears growing some darker scarlet than should be possible, Hux shakes his head – he’s being shy. He’s being sweet again like the way he is when he laughs and sings and Kylo adores him. He thinks the moment is passing, but then Hux opens his eyes again – they’re still wide open, still showing Hux’s moonstone soul in ever-sharpening clarity. Kylo’s heart bumps. Kylo might tell Hux he’s beautiful and Hux is shaking his head, his cheeks so red, his lashes stuck together, his hair going in every direction and the way he looks into Kylo’s eyes – Hux’s hands tug his face closer, his ankles lock at the small of Kylo’s back, wanting him closer than close can be. His eyes are so unguarded, forgiving, wondrous – That look – when those shocking blue eyes open up to him, Kylo’s heart is loud and hard and so is Hux’s and Hux wants Kylo closer, but he can’t possibly be any closer than he is… “Kylo…” Hux whispers, his breath ghosting over Kylo’s lips. Kylo waits, always truly in want for what Hux will say. Hux’s eyes sparkle like gems, his hands pet at Kylo’s sweating, blushing face and Hux tells him, “…you look like a dark Angel…” …and maybe Hux says it out loud – maybe he thinks it and Kylo has their minds wrapped around one another and he hears it there, but he can hear it, crystal clear, like Hux were saying it right now, “Kylo… you look like a dark Angel,” and there’s a wish from somewhere deep – something clawing, something forlorn, but urgent and wild and ethereal all at once and it’s coming from Hux. Kylo feels it – he feels that wish, but he can’t define it, he can’t decipher the code of it, it’s just all-consuming, it’s a lifetime, it’s a memory, it’s magnificent and terrifying – And it’s coming from Kylo too. And they both feel it in each other – twisted, tangled souls unraveling like spiral galaxies to dance around one another, tear each other apart and create something more than themselves. Their channel is a rapid river and for a moment, they’re not Hux or Kylo – they’re that one thing. That one entity, that one complete, impossible sentience that is the combination of them both that makes up something else, altogether different from either of them. Something natural and invaluable. Hux is his emperor, his deity, his human, his Aurelien Hux, his multitude of men in one slim body and Kylo is his knight, his Angel, his human, his Ben Solo, his conflicting, warring selves and they forgive each other. They’ve forgiven each other – for everything. For their flaws, for themselves, for their actions and inactions, for their mistakes and their unbearable prides. The galaxy is nothing, the stars don’t matter, power – it’s irrelevant. Nothing matters but the air between them and what is doubtlessly the twining of their souls – just like Hux’s childhood fairytales described, just like the poets talked about. I don’t want to leave you. I don’t want you to leave , Hux answers. Kylo shudders, swallowing something like a sob and he kisses Hux, wrapping his arms under Hux’s back, feeling that diagonal scar Brendol left, feeling Hux’s heart rapidly beating against his own. Tongues sliding against each other, bodies slick and shining with exertion, limbs knotted together, tearful and thankful – when they come, they do it in unison and as they gradually fall from the high of it, it’s with the knowledge that danger is very near. There’s a figure haunting them – a death – something cold, something that started distant and nearly invisible for how far and improbable it was. Now it stands by the bedside, indistinguishable, unknowable until it will be upon them. Fighting off the reality of the oncoming cycle – the reality that Kylo has to leave and soon, they barely sleep. They kiss and gaze at each other, dream intermittently and Kylo thinks Hux’s mother was right from the start. Kylo thinks Hux’s mother must have seen Hux open those eyes, pure, undiluted, newborn and unscarred and she knew his name because it shone in his eyes. Kylo thinks Hux’s mother knew Hux the moment he came to be, she knew – this man is golden. He is precious. He has a soul worth forgiveness – at least to Kylo. Kylo can forgive him anything. The rest of the galaxy can be lost forever – no Gods, no stars, no Angels, no power is needed. Not here. Not between them. Kylo pets back some of Hux’s feathered, phoenix hair and resolves to die in this man’s arms. It’s what he wants – it’s the only fate he’ll accept. And it’s a fate he won’t accept for a long while yet. Kylo is unafraid of Anakin’s warnings, unafraid of the ring in Nali’s hand, unafraid of Snoke, of death if it would like to come charging at him like a dark horse – he was once a slave to fear. Fear and anger and righteousness. He is a slave to no one and nothing now – he is a soul mate to Aurelien Hux and he has no Master. Not anymore. He kisses Hux’s temple, watches in quiet awe as Hux smiles gently in his sleep and kisses Hux again and again until Hux is awake, laughing ticklishly and wrapping his hands in Kylo’s hair, kissing him back. Dream later , Kylo says, just kiss me now. Forever , Hux promises. Notes: The entire beginning of this chapter is some heavy smut with light sub/dom qualities to it. Hux is topping, Kylo is cuffed and in the midst of the pleasure, he has a sort of emotional crisis; he clearly wants to confess his feelings to Hux, but he knows he risks losing Hux if he says it out loud. He tells Hux to "fuck" him - this is taken as insult by Hux, seeing as they've both silently established that there is a difference between "fucking" and "love-making." Hux isn't cruel to Kylo, though - he listens to Kylo's needs, delivers and takes care of Kylo during and after the intensity of his orgasm. This is important only because it establishes in all certainty that Hux definitely knows there are feelings between them, he just doesn't want to talk about them. The second in-depth sex scene is something Kylo saw in a vision in Part 2. It's almost beyond love-making - their minds are linked, their emotions are all over the place and they're aligned like planets. Hux tells Kylo, "you look like a dark Angel," and there are super intense emotions coming off of Hux. Kylo can sense that Hux wants to say something, but is holding back - during this encounter, Hux's eyes become unguarded in that magical way they sometimes do when he's showing his most authentic self. It's all very intense. That's what you missed if you skipped the sex scenes! "Melanie, waIT KYLO IS LEAVING IN THE NEXT CHAPTER?? ALREADY???" Yes! There is much to do and we are fast approaching the end of the series! "Melanie, whAT DID PHASMA MEAN???" What do you THINK she meant "Melanie, thE RING THO" I know, I'll get to it, friends, just be patient with me "Melanie, why is Hux all fuCKED UP ABOUT FEELINGS WHY CAN'T HE JUST SAY THE WORDS????" Have you met this Hux? He's a human disaster. "Melanie, I'm worried about 'the kids'!!!!" You should be!! "Melanie, does this chapter literally end with just Kylo and Hux lazily kissing each other the entire night through????" Yes! They have crossed the threshold into disgustingly-in-love-and-only-have-eyes-for-each-other land! "Melanie, I heard your husband is FINALLY returning from combat deployment this week after being gone for half a year! Congratulations!" thaNK YOU I AM VERY EMOTIONAL ABOUT IT /LOUD SOBBING/ "Melanie, I'm upset and it's your fault." i apologize Chapter 6 Notes: No trigger warnings for this chapter! Enjoy the softness while it lasts! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux blearily blinks into wakefulness. The first thing he knows upon waking is that Ren is meant to leave, that he’s likely to turn over and find that he’s alone again, but… He’s not alone this time. Ren’s arms are secured around him, the tip of his nose and the fullness of his lips are rested gently against the back of Hux’s neck. He’s immensely warm – provides much more warmth than Hux’s greatcoat ever did, anyway. Logically, Hux knew human skin against human skin should create heat – that’s a basic survival technique to keep from dying from exposure. The sex he had with his few prior partners was not warm, not that he can remember – or maybe those encounters were warm, but Hux was unable to feel it. He thinks of Croeta’s wife, but he doesn’t remember any heat, any indication of a human heart beating near to his. He supposes he just never let himself be held before. Remarkable as it is, the oddity it is to be held so kindly, Hux decides to spend time memorizing the sensation. How heavy Ren’s arm’s are, how wide his chest is against Hux’s narrow back, how the ridge of Brendol’s scar feels against Ren’s abdomen. He notes the way Ren’s legs fit behind his, how the coarse hair on Ren’s body is so different from the thin hair of his own. Ren’s hands are lax, resting limply around Hux’s ribs. Ren must like physical contact in sleep, to be so inclined towards pressing his entire body against Hux without waking – Hux recalls how Ren thrashed and groaned in pain and panic after Starkiller. He remembers how it all would come to a halt as soon as Hux just touched him. Just brushed his hair back, away from that clammy sweat, that furrowed brow. Now, though, Ren is peaceful in sleep, no agonizing wounds or phantoms torturing him while he rests. His breath is slow, the only sound he makes is an occasional hum that vibrates against the small hairs at the base of Hux’s skull. It’s all very intimate. Much more intimate than Hux has ever imagined enjoying, but now he can think of nothing he wants more than to stay there, in Ren’s arms, where he’s safe, where Ren is thrilling and forces him to feel. Hux remembers thinking on Ren’s body’s heat the first time skin touched skin – the first ever their hands touched. His face flushes just recalling it. Ren wasn’t awake for it. They were in the pod, escaping Starkiller as it collapsed and Ren was slipping into unconsciousness – Hux ungloved his hands to see that his medical performance was without error – he needed to feel for veins with his own fingers (he’s never trusted other medical professionals and he tends to think the droids are shoddy phlebotomists). The droid cut through Ren’s robes, leaving his terribly injured torso bare, cauterized lashings still smoldering like a fire just put out. Hux held down Ren’s forearm, hooking him up to an I.V without need for a second try – he’s always been good at finding veins. The medical droid was busy sedating Ren, but once he taped that I.V down, all Hux could understand or focus on was the silky, snow-cold sensation of the skin under Ren’s forearm against his fingertips. He remembers holding Ren’s wrist, his thumb caressing the fair skin there, he remembers moving his fingers onto Ren’s palm – he remembers realizing that Ren is a man, a human man who is mortal as all else. It was humbling somehow. He had expected Ren to be cold to the touch – and not because of the snow. It was not a situational thought – he had always thought Ren would be cold to the touch. He’s not entirely certain why he’d expected Ren to be cold – it might have to do with Ren’s helmet. He maybe thought Ren would be just as metallic, smell like blood up close, taste like copper, be eerily, inhumanly cool to the touch. But he’s not like that – not like that at all. His body is fevered, always, his body is made almost completely of hardened muscle, but his skin is satin and where Ren’s flesh has some give, it’s any other human’s flesh. Vulnerable, lush – tastes like sweat, something innately masculine and unique that only Ren’s skin produces and even sweet in some spots. Ren is a strange monster. A monster that apologizes for itself, a monster that knows it’s a monster, a monster that fumbles with ill-equipped, bloody and clawed hands to try and caress Hux like Hux were something precious and rare. A monster that howls its righteousness even as it’s burned with light and truth, even as its pain extends the longer it shrieks. Not too unlike Hux, but monstrous in different ways. To Hux, at least, Ren seems to be a much more personal monster, to haunt memories and appear in nightmares, to steep in his slaughter, take personal joy in the havoc he wreaks – Hux has never liked getting his hands bloody, more than that he always hated the sensory experience of it – but Ren seems to only be satisfied if blood is on his hands. A monster Hux certainly is, but much less personal. He kills for efficiency, really – too many Rebels? He commands an army – too much support for the Rebels? He destroys the Hosnian system. There are pigs walking his halls disguised as men? He slaughters them as pigs ought to be slaughtered – why feed such creatures, why give them beds or purpose? It’s a waste – more cost-effective to kill them and further his agenda while he’s at it. Better to cultivate fear and respect, save space and investments and time. In a way, Hux has always been emotionally removed from his murders; sometimes that’s because all he has to do is press some buttons and an entire system is decimated and that’s too much death for a human mind to genuinely comprehend. Sometimes it’s just that the blaster allows him to feel removed from the act of killing altogether – he’s just pulling a trigger, just aiming and shooting, aiming and shooting, watching targets fall. He felt nothing when he killed Ori. Felt nothing when he killed D’Jac. Felt protective and disgusted when killing that stormtrooper that put his ape-ish hands on Officer Vitaan, but otherwise, he’s been far from his victims. He’s a monster like a black hole – troublingly efficient, uncaring by nature and capable of immense destruction that seems instinctive to commit. Ren is a monster, but what breed he is eludes Hux. He’s a special type of monster – he’s killed children while looking them in the eye, that must mean something, something dark and awful, but – Hux sees a flash of Brendol, unrecognizable beyond his torn flesh, remembers how his young arms trembled and the hatchet was probably the heaviest object planet-side – he forgives Ren. He forgives Ren immediately. Breed doesn’t matter, really – all that matters is that Hux knows the monster of Ren was bred . Perhaps Ren had as much choice in the matter of becoming a monster as Hux did. You either die a young saint or survive a beast , Hux thinks bitterly – both representations are inaccurate and he hates inaccuracy. If he had died at the hands of Brendol, he wouldn’t have been remembered at all – no one knew he existed. If anyone had known him, they’d say he was lost and how sad that was, but he was among lost loved ones or some such rubbish. Being received back to a home that has never existed and never will. People know he killed Brendol, though and he knows the things people think – the false rumors that he killed Brendol as a way of proving his superiority to their father, that he killed Brendol for his seat at the Academy and variations thereof. He was backed into a corner, he survived and so a beast he became in the eyes of those with any conscience. He wonders if Ren has a conscience. He wonders if Ren really believes he’s a star – golden – that he’s not the beast he knows himself to be. He wishes he’d asked more questions while they had waking hours together. Now is not the time – nor does Hux believe there will be time after this. He brushes his fingers against Ren’s knuckles, light as a feather, then sighs and gingerly removes himself, working diligently to keep from rousing the monster in his bed. He takes a moment to watch Ren sleeping, admires how Ren’s raven hair splays all over his pillow, how young he looks in his dream-state, then he goes to his quarters in silence. The halls are quiet and when he reaches his door, he catches Gillash, standing at attention by the viewport, stationed between Nali and Haas, staring at the open doorway when he enters. “Officer Gillash,” Hux greets, something leaden hanging in the air. “General Hux, sir.” “Nali and Haas are stable, I trust?” “Yes, sir.” “Good,” Hux says plainly, then narrows his eyes in scrutiny, asking, “You haven’t slept at all, have you?” “No, sir.” He would tell Gillash to get some rest, but he knows what it is to be a soldier, to be held responsible for the overseeing of lives – even if Gillash were willing to tear his watchful gaze away from Nali, he’d not accept the invitation to sleep. He’d be too worried to fall asleep anyway. Distracting him, Millicent all but pounces on his feet, purring her satisfaction at his return. He smiles and crouches down to give her attention, which she gladly flops over to accept. As he’s scratching her chest, he hears Gillash say more than ask, “you’re very certain you’ll be dying soon, sir?” Picking his head up to make eye-contact again, Hux assesses the young officer. Gillash doesn’t seem all too worried, offended or judgmental. He’s not the talkative type either – not likely to share this information unless explicitly asked for it, so Hux nods, unconcerned about the repercussions. He’s not sure how Gillash was able to tell, but he’s sleep-deprived and maybe he’s showing his questionable heart on his sleeve more than he means to. It’s that or Officer Gillash is extraordinarily intuitive, which Hux admits is not outside the realm of possibility. “I have the utmost faith that Lord Kylo Ren will reverse all space-time to keep you safe and I do expect to see you at the end of this all,” Gillash says assuredly, “…but in the event that your worries come to fruition, please know it has been… an incomparable honor and privilege to work for you, sir.” “Death never used to worry me, you know,” Hux says, “I’ve never experienced anything to convince me that there is anything beyond known consciousness but oblivion and that used to comfort me. Oblivion. I used to look forward to the release – the nothingness. A wretched thing – to care after another so deeply that you can’t feel relief at the promise of the greatest relief of all. So terrible, so irrational.” “I take quite the opposite view, sir,” Gillash mentions politely, “Frankly, I think the universe is the wretched thing – full of anguish, misfortune, suffering, war, anger – you know, I went to my older sister once, asked for a way to alleviate the pain I felt for all those less fortunate. I was young and naïve. She said to me, ‘the pain never goes away. Life is unfair. Some people drink caf and have the freedom to complain about the weather and others eat shit and die.’” Hux’s brows spring up – Gillash has never used words so crass in front of him. He wonders briefly if Gillash’s sister is a spitfire like Nali. Perhaps Gillash’s remarkable admiration and respect for his female peers is rooted in his relationship with his sister. I shouldn’t care , Hux reminds himself. Attachments have proven most dangerous. Really, Hux ought to have learned by now. He nods his understanding and Gillash continues, “sir, my sister is right and there is little I can do to ever fix any of that – life, as a whole… I confess, I don’t care for most of it. If there’s a God, He is unfeeling, even sadistic or He is not all-powerful – it’s one or the other, but either way, He’s unreliable. My hands are too small to carry the woes of the galaxy, but they fit quite nicely against Nali’s.” The room falls silent for a few beats. Gillash is insightful and well-spoken and Hux isn’t typically liberal with his ears, especially when it comes to lending them to subordinates, but he’s been finding innumerable exceptions to his once rigid rules lately. He inclines his head a little, encouraging Gillash to continue. “That’s the only not wretched thing about the universe, to me, sir,” Gillash explains, “Caring for her. That’s not wretched – the rest of existence we should do away with, it’s all so largely a failure. But not her. Not how I feel about her and how my fingers slot against hers so perfectly – that is not wretched. That is not irrational or terrible. It is perfect. The only perfect thing there is.” “Perhaps you’re right,” Hux offers nonchalantly, apologizing quietly to Millicent before coming to stand, “I’ll never admit to being wrong, so don’t hold your breath. But I’ll concede to the possibility that you might have a viable point.” Gillash smiles in return and then asks, “was there something you came here for, sir?” “Mm,” Hux answers, “My Alpha blues and a shower.” “Your Alpha blues, sir?” Gillash asks, intrigued, “Are those not reserved for the most significant ceremonies?” “Yes, they are.” He and Gillash hold eye-contact a bit longer before Gillash just seems to suddenly understand; the ceremony is Hux’s predicted funeral. “I’ve never wanted to be buried,” Hux adds conversationally, recalling the family plot outside his father’s estate, thinking of Brendol’s grave just outside its perimeters, “I’ve always hoped to be cremated and scattered to the cosmic wind, but in the event that I die in the next few cycles and in the event I have no such liberty, to choose how precisely my remains are dealt with, I would like to be in my finest uniform.” “I understand, sir,” Gillash replies. Nodding again, Hux leaves the officer, showers in the refresher, shaves closely, parts his hair perfectly, swiping it back the formal way he likes and then he changes into his Alpha blues. Routine, protocol, codes and a call for neurotic precision – a chance for Hux to relax. Even under intense scrutiny, he has always worn his uniforms to perfection. Underwear is of little importance, but he makes certain it’s color-coordinated anyway. Most of his dress socks are thinned from overuse, so he picks a pair yet unworn. He wants every hair in place, he wants control for just a little longer. The undershirt comes next – grey, fitted, thin, breathable and tucked. Then the white collared shirt, light and tucked as well – the suspenders that eventually strap over his shoulders are more biting than he remembers them being, but he doesn’t think they’ll leave indents. The pants those suspenders attach to are such a dark blue, they're nearly black. Without a single fumble, he works his navy tie into a Merovingian knot, then buttons his federal blue vest atop it all. The uniform jacket is single-breasted with a close, tailored fit, the buttons are silver and not a single thread is loose or uneven. The pants are tight too – always were, though – and he shines his shoes diligently before tying them in symmetry. He pins every decoration and honor he’s been awarded over the years to his left chest with care, appreciating the artistry of each one briefly before pinning it. Then the white gloves – they are not leather – they’re skin-tight still, but flexible, like a second skin. He settles his peaked cap over his shined hair and runs his gloved finger over the line of the polished visor. He always did like his peaked cap. It’s white, an elegant cap badge in the shape of the First Order insignia sewn directly above the center of the embroidered band. The band is dark blue with silver, intricate threadwork and then a silver braided band rests across the front top of the visor. When he clips the silver buckle of the white belt around his waist, he walks out of the refresher and grabs his rapier from its mount, slipping it into the holster on the belt’s side. “Now, who’s that dashing gentleman?” Hux smiles down at his shining shoes before turning to face Phasma, his white-gloved hand on the handle of his rapier. He looks at her kindly and she smiles forlornly back. “Sister.” Phasma’s expression falters – he’s never called her that. He’s always wanted to, just to see how it feels. It feels right – he’s glad he’s said it. “Brother,” she greets back experimentally. Brendol sometimes called Hux ‘brother,’ sometimes he’d called Hux ‘young one,’ or ‘dear brother.’ Hux wishes he knew or could ever know if Brendol really held him dear. Then he can hear Ren’s voice, ‘my dear General…’ – it’s fine, Hux decides. He doesn’t need to be dear to anyone else. “Where is Ren?” “Sleeping,” Hux replies, “He will be awake and worried very shortly, no doubt.” There’s a brief pause and when Hux opens his mouth again, Phasma interrupts him. “You’ve said more than enough.” He looks at her, wondering what she means. Her eyes are glassy, she looks unrested and her hair looks thinner than usual somehow. He hates causing her worry. She knows that already, though, so there’s not much point in apologizing. “If you say anything more or try to test out any ‘last words,’ on me, I’ll know. You’re not to die, Hux. I can’t… do this… not without you. So, it’s not an option. You’ll sit in that pod, in that fine uniform, you’ll be anxious and bored for however many cycles it takes for Ren to neutralize whatever threat there is and then you will come right back here. And you’ll wear that crown and Ren will spend the rest of his life atoning.” I’m probably going to die, though , Hux thinks – of course, he wants to tell her how much she means to him, how much he cares about her, how good a friend she has been to him, how loyal and wonderful a sister she has been to him all these years, but then again… she knows all of that already too. She’s known from the start. From that moment she unstrapped him from his hospital bed, she’s been able to read him, has known what he’s needed before he has considered he’s in need of anything at all. She has kept him right all these years and she knows that. She hates redundancy – they both do. Always have. Such a waste of time to repeat things – one expression of sentimentality is worth a thousand, there’s no point in repetition. Repetition only serves to drain significance from the initial show of affection. He’s still compelled to tell her something. Anything. There’s little she doesn’t know about him after all these years spent together, though and they’ve never been ones for small-talk. She might not know that he’s scared. That he’s up in a tree again but now, he has a rapier and no dagger and the danger is vague and unfocused and certainly less merciful than Brendol. He is standing in the finest uniform awarded to men in the First Order’s service, his awards glisten and sparkle on his jacket and here he is, frightened to die. Frightened at the oncoming nothingness. Frightened of having known everything for a brief time and now, being forced to let it go. “You don’t mind not knowing my name, then?” The begging of that question draws Gillash’s attention to the two of them. Phasma’s jaw works, her eyes are giving her away – she’d like to kill Ren and be done with this all. She’d like an easy way out. She knows that killing Ren would only further complicate matters too, though and she knows, deep down, there is no easy way out and of course she wants to know his name. She always has. She’s never been insulted by his avoidance of the subject – she always waited her turn in patience. He’s not the suicidal young boy she found mostly dead in a scarlet, overflowing tub – he’s a man now or something close to it. He can’t or won’t waste their limited time together on sentimentality or idle chit-chat, there’s so little he knows how to say or give, but this is all he has left. His name. It’s all he’s ever really had. “That’s… not for me to know.” “I’m asking you,” Hux says earnestly, “You don’t want me to speak further on my thoughts as they come – that’s fine. To be honest, I can hardly stand the sentimentality running amok in my head. I won’t share it if it pains you. But if you’d like to know my name before Ren and I depart, I would not be opposed to telling you. So, would you like to know?” “ No ,” she answers immediately, much to Hux’s surprise, “It’s my insurance. I want to know it. I want… I want to know your name, Hux. I do. So, leave without telling me. You’ve always come through for me – against all odds. You won’t let me down now – I believe that. I believe in you. I always have, I always will. Leave with Ren and know I am waiting and when you come back, that’s when you’ll tell me. Deal?” She offers her hand to shake and he lets go of his rapier to take it. He doesn’t dare promise her a thing, but whenever Phasma’s hand has reached out for his, he has reached back and he’ll be damned if this is the day he turns his back to that hand. If she’d like to delude herself that everything will be fine, he won’t deny her that comfort. He won’t guarantee his return either, though; he cares too much about her to lie to her like that. “If I believed in this type of thing, I might believe that Brendol is thankful for you,” Hux lets slip, still gripping Phasma’s hand, “He was a rubbish older brother – not that he had many role models to… my point is… I… chose my family. I chose you. I do everyday. And I’m… I’m grateful. That’s – that’s all. That’s all I’ll say.” “Treasonous,” Phasma replies, watery eyes and quivering attempt at a smile, “Perhaps Brendol would hate me. Blood is thicker than water.” “The blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb.” “What?” Hux smirks and expounds, “that’s the entire phrase. Everyone uses it incorrectly and out of context. The whole of that turn of phrase is, ‘the blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb,’ meaning that the bonds we make outside our relatives are the ones that withstand time and trial.” “Now that’s the way to go,” Phasma says with a laugh, “An all-knowing smart ass to the very end. Even in the most solemn moments, a compulsive need to correct any errors within your line of vision.” Smiling a bit shyly at that, Hux nods and lets go of her hand slowly. Both Hux and Phasma turn their heads in unison when the doors to Hux’s quarters open again. Ren is standing there, wild-eyed, hair unruly in just his sleepwear pants. He’s a little out of breath – he must have started running before he was even fully awake. His dark eyes swallow Hux like light to a black hole, his mouth just slightly agape. His inner voice is sudden and involuntary in Hux’s head. Beautiful so beautiful Stars how is he so beautiful – “ Ren ,” Hux stresses, his face heating up. He knows no one else heard it, but it’s still more affection than he can withstand. An onslaught of blaster fire is easier to confront than Ren’s overwhelming fondness. “Wha-“ Ren starts, reassesses, then says, “Sorry. You… I woke and you… you’re alright?” “Of course,” Hux replies, turning more toward him, “Not all too pleasant, waking up alone when you don’t expect to be, is it?” “Don’t punish me,” Ren pleads, his eyes not so much as flickering to any other face but Hux’s, “I spent months in deprivation chambers, positive you were with me only to come to my senses and find myself alone. I thought… when I woke and you weren’t there… I thought… it was possible… I thought – nevermind. It’s not important what I thought. You’re fine. You’re fine, right? You’re fine. That’s all that’s important. You’re fine.” “Are you very cross with me?” Hux asks honestly – he supposes Ren probably has paid for that particular betrayal. It’s a grudge he lets go of and feels leave him like a feather on the wind – he thinks for a second that he forgives Ren too easily. This has always been the case, though. “No,” Ren answers, brows curving in with concern, straightening his back, breath evening out, “No, of course not. I was only worried.” There are telling bruises and scratches all along Ren’s torso and while Hux is privately satisfied by the look of them on Ren, he isn’t all too keen on having others see him so revealed – knowing immediately what they’ve been getting up to alone with just a glance. “Come in, Ren – we’ve some time before departure. Use my shower and dress. It would seem we have a schedule, the two of us.” “You are endlessly vexing.” “Come, General,” Ren invited, departing the med bay, “you and I have an engagement.” “What? Right now?” “No time like the present. Now follow me.” There was the sound of aggravated footfalls, boots smacking the ground at an irritated pace. "You know, some of us have schedules to keep to." "So I've heard." "This is inane and a waste of my time." "But pacing relentlessly in front of the control panels and putting biblical fear into new cadets is a much better use of your time." "As a matter of fact, it is a better use of my time, seeing as I have an army and ship to run." "That must be so hard for you." Hux’s long-suffering sigh, followed by his clipped voice, “I have a meeting in two hours.” “Then for the next two hours, it would appear your schedule is with me.” Hux doesn’t remember clenching his fists, but Ren does – Ren remembers hearing the creak of his leather gloves and feeling amused by his ability to rouse and frustrate Hux. Hux can’t be sure which one of them pressed the memory into the other, or if they both remembered that interaction simultaneously and are nostalgic for simpler times, when there were less lethal schedules, familiar routines, simple life debts and a pull-and-push to their dynamic. Now there’s just a pull-pull, a desire for closeness so intense, it’s difficult to bear. Am I still endlessly vexing? Always , Hux responds readily; a Hux from long ago would have spat in disgust at the undeniable tone of endearment to that response, but it can’t be helped. Hux doesn’t have the energy to help it anyway. Let Ren hear it and feel it – what cause is there to hide? He can’t hide from Ren anymore and he’s mostly lost the desire to. Do remember there’s an owed dance on that agenda, General. I couldn’t forget if I tried , Hux replies simply – simple because it’s true. Ren stops staring at him, starts walking past them all to get to the refresher and as he passes Hux, another thought floats by. You are magnificent in that uniform. Magnificent? You don’t think that’s a little overdone? It hardly scratches the surface ,Ren responds, You look superb, brilliant, glorious, bewitching, astonishing, incredible, awe-inspiring, breath-taking – I can keep going, would you like me to? That’s hardly necessary. How does he manage to sound shaken and embarrassed even in his own head? And how can he feel Ren’s rapidly expanding ego at the shared experience of his emotion? It ought to be humiliating, but somehow it's validating more than anything else. Without meaning to, Hux shakes his flustered face, looking down and away. His voice is a little rough when it finally comes out. “Thank you,” Hux whispers as Ren passes. He sees the corner of Ren’s lips twitch up into a smile before he’s behind the closed door of his refresher. This open channel – it wouldn’t have been possible without Ren’s betrayal. Hux is intellectual enough to know that. And when he loathed Ren, it was never sincere – he never really loathed Ren, he loathed himself for thinking Ren would somehow morph into someone else - someone who wasn't a foolish brat with delusions of grandeur. Truth be told, he wouldn’t care for any other version of Ren. He’s glad Ren didn’t change – he’s glad Ren is still the illogical, emotionally-explosive, hypersensitive, extraordinary monster he is. Touching at his neck, Hux feels his pulse; forty-four beats per minute. Too high. It doesn’t matter. Ren is who he has always been – precisely the monster Hux has always needed. Phasma is staring worriedly at Hux’s fingers on his own pulse. He removes his hand and says heavy-handedly, a ridiculous endearment understated and overstated all at once, “that man.” That man. That human, monster, cyclone, seemingly indestructible unstoppable force and cause for Hux’s premature grey hairs. Absurd, really, that Hux’s heart should betray him this way for Kylo Ren. It could be no other way, though. Sinner and monster he may be, but damn Hux if Ren isn’t the finest, sweetest torture he’s never deserved. Damn him if he’ll ever let Ren go. Notes: "Melanie, uhm, is there something special about Jardom I haven't caught onto until now?" Yes! (one of you has - you know who you are ;D) - if you go back on chapters including him, some hints have been dropped about what precisely might be so special about Jardom. That Kylo and Hux BOTH acknowledge there's something strange and remarkable about Jardom is no coincidence. ;] "Melanie, PhasMA AND HUX ARE FAMILY AND I AM UPSET" i understand "MeLANIE THE RING -" i wilL GET TO IT "Melanie, Hux's uniform is highly detailed. Is it important?" If I took the time out to describe it in such high detail, yeah. "Melanie, are you safe from Hurricane Matthews?" Sorta? It should be hitting us today. I guess we'll see. "Melanie, Hux iS SO GONE ON KYLO" yes, yes he is "Melanie, is this chapter the last one that will be from Hux's POV?" No! We'll get much more! "Melanie, will there be more smut?" Yes, my friends. There will be. <3 "Melanie, is that quote about 'blood is thicker than water' true?" Yes! I always hate hearing people use it incorrectly! If you didn't know that before, now you've been properly educated by General Hux! Hope you enjoy the update! Chapter 7 Notes: TW: there's a sex scene in here! If you'd like to skip it, skip the lines, "Kylo leaves no room..." until the line "What is it, Hux?" All important details you skipped over will be summarized in the bottom notes! "Melanie! Wall sex??? You spoil us!" MissMegh, I hope you're satisfied lmao <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The amount of time Hux spends saying heartfelt goodbyes to Millicent is very nearly ridiculous. He takes off one of those white gloves just to scratch her chin and cheek properly, behind her ears and the more he dotes on her, the more she purrs and pushes against his hand and the more time he spends on her, muttering things Kylo tries not to overhear. Hux looks at her with such tenderness, Kylo wonders at it. Like a poison dart, Kylo targets his energy at the base of Hux’s head and sends the precise, butterfly needle of his focus there, fast as lightning, just looking for an emotion attached to ‘Millicent,’ anything that might explain why it’s been close to an hour since Hux said, ‘wait – must say goodbye to Millicent.’ There are a few images offered – the first time he picked her up from the ground, intent on taking her inside his quarters on base. He had cradled her like a baby, not held her under her arms and let her dangle like Kylo imagined he might have. No, Hux cradled her delicately and she let herself be cradled, just looked up at him with big shining eyes. She was scared the first night of her abduction – she hid under his bed. He had made some makeshift cat toys; fuzzy flowers attached to the end of string, collected feathers he swept over the floor, trying to goad her into playing. She wouldn’t play, though and he worried she didn’t actually care for him as much as he first thought. Being under a spotlight doesn’t bother Hux as much as it used to – when he was young, when he was little, he hated drawing attention to himself. He associated garnering attention with punishment or judgment and the Academy had taught him that the friendships and attentions he once craved were dangerous, rabid things he couldn’t control. He wondered if Millicent was the same as him, scared as he once was – that perhaps, if he pretended she weren’t there at all, she might come out from under the bed. Sitting on the floor, Hux picks up one of his holopads, opens a personal file of saved poetry and starts reading aloud. He is four stanzas into something complicated that Kylo admittedly doesn’t understand a word of when Millicent ventures out. He sees her tentative steps in his periphery and is awash with gladness and victory; he compliments her taste in poets and in response, she sits down a foot or so away from him and watches as he reads more. In that moment, Hux thinks to himself, quite happily, ‘this will work.’ There’s countless nights of Hux sleeping in uncomfortable positions just so Millicent could sleep in the crux of his arm, splayed out over his stomach, or bundled heavily on his crotch or even more heavily on his chest. He sometimes woke to Millicent curled up on top of his head, hogging his pillow and purring away, making vibrations rattle through his skull. He never minded – not even a little. Hux is not and never has been a tactile person – always found it inappropriate or disconcerting somehow. He never minded Millicent being tactile, though and he adapted to her – pet, scratched and rubbed as much as she pleased, gave her all the affection and attention she could possibly want. She is so adored by him and she seems to know that too. There are memories of him speaking aloud to her, talking out battle strategies, explaining the importance of certain accessories on his different uniforms as he dressed for special occasions – he would sing in her company too. He’d sing in the shower as he often does still, but Millicent is more often than not, curled up in his sink, listening and waiting to follow him out of the refresher. There are more sleep cycles lost to overtime work, sitting by his viewport with her and teaching her about the nearby nebulae and visible galaxies as if she could understand what he was saying. He shared his dinners with her too – spoiled, she is. There is a distinct memory that comes then – Ren has departed, been gone for several cycles from Aurora and Hux is unable to sleep. Has been sleepless for some time now; sometimes thinks he’s sleeping when he’s awake because surely the universe wouldn’t be so cruel as to take Ren away from him so soon after having received him. Then he remembers that the universe has never given a damn about him and why would it start now? He tosses and turns, restless, irritated and insistent like a fever. Auditory hallucinations have been appearing again. He hears Ren’s voice sometimes, and strangely enough, he hears Ren’s breathing too – he has memorized the sound and cadence of it. The specific breath of Kylo Ren, what it is supposed to sound like right next to him, how grasping it is in laughter, how labored it becomes in sparring and kissing, what it feels like against his lips, his neck. It is during these tossing hours that are meant for sleep that he hears the breathing and feels a dull ache in his chest. He sighs deeply and Millicent, seeing Hux finally stop moving for a moment, takes the opportunity to jump onto his bed. “Yes, Millie?” She readily walks onto his chest, tucking her arms and legs in and lying down there, looking a bit like a loaf of bread. She stares at him and he stares right back. Hux thinks she’s trying to give him her condolences. “You know,” that I miss him. She continues to stare and Hux runs a hand over her back before settling it on the back of her neck, rubbing his thumb back and forth over her head. “Please don’t take offense, darling. Your company is always a blessing. I had… I’ve grown used to him, I suppose. Too used to him. You know, I nearly… I nearly told him my name. Was going to. Nearly got it out, but I…” Millicent tilts her head and he sighs again, “well, you understand. You always understand, clever girl.” She purrs against his curling fingers and he wants to cry like a child, wants the throbbing pain of a chasm where his heart should be to vanish just as simply as Ren has – Millicent’s warm, though and soft and more present than any human has ever offered to be besides Phasma. This isn’t something he can talk to Phasma about, though. His eyes feel hot and he hates his deplorable sentiment, how twined he’s found himself with Ren – this missing . Missing Ren. It’s torturous and this heavy ache at the core of him feels like a physical tumor he wishes someone could remove. He knows it can’t and won’t be removed, though. Maybe Millicent feels the ache in his chest and that’s why she’s laid there – to soothe the pain of Ren’s absence. He smiles wanly at Millicent and she slow-blinks at him. “You’re a good girl, Millie.” “You’re a good girl, Millie.” Those statements almost synchronized pull Kylo from Hux’s memories. Dropping a kiss to the top of her head, Hux holds her stare just a little longer and then lets her settle on his pillow. He puts his glove back on, stands gracefully and looks at Kylo. “Battle stations, then?” “Yes,” Kylo answers hesitantly. Phasma is already at the control bridge, Jardom has given his best wishes for their safe travels and returns, Nali and Haas are still deep in a Theta state and now all that’s left is Tython. Kylo wears his helmet down the halls as they make their way to the hangar, his black robes fluttering behind him and his hood up, concealing even more of himself. One might think it strange that Kylo and Hux say nothing to each other on the way to the hangar – there is much to be said, but perhaps no way to say it. There have been few times Kylo has been at a complete loss for words – he’s almost always found enough anger or anxiety in him to spout something – anything – just to make noise, to feel the vibration of his own energy in his throat and force it unto unwilling ears. He has no words now, though – nothing seems appropriate; it all either falls short or is too much to say. And it doesn’t feel proper to say it now anyway, even if Kylo knew how to say what he wants to. He follows Hux into his pod, shutting the door behind him, unsure of why and it feels bizarrely like a hateful reversal of what transpired between them nearly a year ago. The pod is designed for long travel – it has a shower, a bed, a stocked fridge, a table with room for more than one to sit. Kylo hates admitting that he doesn’t know how long this might take, so he admits nothing. Hux knows, anyway. Hux always knows. Hux takes his combination cap off and sets it on the table with his gloves. He makes a half-turn to face Kylo and asks, “well? What are you lingering about for?” To respond appropriately, Kylo takes off his helmet and places it next to Hux’s discarded accessories. He takes his gloves off as well, watching his hands rather than what he is sure will be an unreadable gaze. “I’ve never seen you in this uniform.” “Few have.” Kylo has a brief, fleeting urge to kill everyone else who has seen Hux so beautifully adorned – that his eyes should be the only ones in the galaxy so blessed. The impulse passes without incident, thankfully. “You look…” More loss for words; it’s frustrating how useless Hux can render Kylo. Kylo could list off every flattery he knows, but it wouldn’t do justice to the art form that is General Aurelien Hux. He is all an Emperor should be; majestic in his own right, graceful, frightfully effective, unforgivingly efficient, cold as his eyes imply and more dangerous than the narrow of his waist makes predictable. There is a class to him that even Ben Solo’s royal mother never quite had and an air about him – an air of knowing, like an old soul. Like the galaxy and all it’s goings-on are a song he’s heard before and regrets to hear again. Hux looks like power . Like the embodiment of control and danger and beauty; unreal in a way. Unattainable. Always just out of Kylo’s reach. There’s no other way of explaining it and if Hux asked what he meant by looking like the physical manifestation of the concept of power, Kylo would have no other words to better explain it. Those sharp blue eyes are gentle now, human, his posture is strict, straight and so ingrained at this point, Hux probably wouldn’t know how to relax if he ever had the chance to. A memory flickers through Kylo’s head of seeing Hux in his pajamas, seeing him with his knees pulled up on the couch in the common area, hiding his face as he laughed, his hair askew, no tension in his neck or hands. His bare feet. How his toes curled. He was human then too. Kylo supposes it’s untrue then, that Hux wouldn’t know how to relax. He manages to relax somehow with Kylo. Kylo can’t imagine how or why, but Hux does it. “Well,” Hux interrupts his reverie, “don’t keep me in suspense.” “Incomparable. Sorry,” Kylo says with a small measure of embarrassment, “Couldn’t come up with anything more or equally handsome than you are right now.” “…look at me.” Dragging his eyes up from the floor, Kylo plants them firmly on Hux’s. “You’ve shut the channel.” “I – yes,” Kylo answers, glancing away momentarily, “I will – the focus to go into hyperspeed all while cloaking three pods and still maintaining my control over Nali and Haas –“ “It’s okay, Ren.” Tilting his head curiously, Kylo asks, “why do you do that? Why do you only call me by my first name when we’re being intimate and revert back to formalities even when we’re alone?” The blush that colors Hux’s cheekbones is flattering. Valiant attempt as it is, Kylo can’t remember what it was like to loathe Hux. He even hates his former self that once did – he resents that old self for denying him the pleasure of Hux’s attention and affection. How was there ever a time he looked on Hux with disdain? How was there ever a time he looked on Hux and felt hate ? What sense in the universe could that possibly make? He can’t remember. It used to – it used to make sense to hate Hux, to want to hurt him, to want to be rid of him. Now, though, nothing in the universe would make any sense at all without the way he adores Hux. “Is it that my first name is only to be used during remarkable times? Or is it that you forget yourself when I’ve managed to snare your attention?” “A bit of both, I suppose,” Hux answers honestly, something else lingering at the back of his throat. Something secret. Something that wants and something Kylo wants so much it tickles the tips of his fingers for being so close. “Will you ever…” The way their eyes meet again makes Kylo too nervous to finish asking, ‘let me call you by your first name?’ If Hux willingly telling Kylo his first name was some grand gesture of faith and longing, then what would it mean for Kylo to use it? He’s quite sure he’s not allowed to use it. He remembers the ugly curl of Hux’s snarl, how he hissed and those sharp canines had never looked so venomous before – he remembers how Hux had shouted, “that is General Hux to you, you ingrate !” Cringing an inch at just the memory of that burn, Kylo wonders truly between the two of them who the more dangerous is. Kylo has always had to learn the hard way; always learning that the stovetop is not to be touched only after burning himself, always learning people are double-edged only after being faced with the gradients of Hux. “Will I ever what?” “Nothing,” Kylo denies, shaking his head, his hair falling loosely around him, “Nevermind.” “You’ve still not told me what you’re doing here. Shouldn’t we be in a mad rush?” Brows pulling together, Kylo thinks that Hux is right. He should be more worried than he is – he should be on his way already. It’s so difficult to shift his feet, though. It’s so impossible to move. “Ah…” Hux says nearly inaudibly, as if he has only just realized something he ought not to have asked after. When Kylo looks up into Hux’s eyes again, there’s the wisdom and power and control Kylo so badly envies and desires and cherishes and marvels at. “The last we parted was not so… gentle. To either of us. You are worried to leave me again.” Deciding not to respond, since Hux already knows and understands, Kylo continues to look at him; heat spreads across his chest and stomach and his heart feels turned over. “Do you think our partings will always be so bittersweet?” Kylo inquires. Hux meditates on that for a moment, then replies carefully, “I think… there will come a day we no longer part.” To resist putting his hands where they have not been invited, Kylo curls his fingers into his palms. He so hopes that’s true – he so hopes Hux is right. And Hux is almost always right, so that’s a good bet. It comforts Kylo beyond reason that Hux wants what he wants – that they should not be so far away from one another again. That Hux wants him and is not resigned to him as Han Solo was, that Hux wants him and does not care for Kylo despite his hideous flaws but for them as Leia Organa could not find how to do. Hux wants him and does not punish him for thoughts and feelings outside of his control as Luke Skywalker once did… General Hux is, by all accounts, frigid, distant, controlling, manipulative, difficult, infuriating, devious, power-hungry, greedy, self-serving, cruel, unforgiving and unfeeling in the face of devastation. He is narcissistic, neurotic, resentful, hateful, inhumane to those that adore him, a maddening perfectionist, a murderer and war criminal. His heart is less like the homey, tender hearth of others’ and more like a shadowy cavern, too cold and damp to light a fire in at all. More than that, the galaxy, by and large, would likely agree that General Hux is constructed entirely of inexcusable and unmistakable malevolence too dangerous to allow the existence of. And Kylo loves him. His heart lurches uncomfortably and then doubles its speed, his palms going sweaty, his nails slipping against the skin of the heart of his palm. General Hux. General Hux. General Aurelien Roane Hux – a vile, domineering man, a man of murderous rage, raised on daggers and blood and droids. A man, at first glance, entirely unfeeling, carved from stone, unmovable; a man who thinks of nothingness, oblivion as satisfying and tantalizing as sugar to a grubby-handed child. A man who jumps to his death just to see who will scramble to save it, a man who shouts at those that succeed in doing so. He feels an inherent right to decide whether or not others’ lives have value and even if they do, that value is never equal to his own. He will use the blade of his dagger or tongue with a surgeon’s precision – on himself, on others and those unfortunate others that die with their blood spotting Hux’s handsome face – Hux kills them for hurting him or helping him. There is no knowing what will drive Hux to take a life. Sometimes Hux kills one because that one is his brother and he ‘does what must be done,’ and sometimes Hux kills one because that one is a concerned roommate moving a placating hand over his shoulder after he’s been wounded. Sometimes Hux kills one to prove a point, sometimes Hux kills one just to show that he can, sometimes Hux kills one because he feels nothing at all. Kylo remembers how the shining point of that dagger looked, floating midair and so very close to ending his life. Sometimes Hux kills one because he feels everything. The galaxy might say Hux lives in blackness, the void of unspeakable evils and pride, but they are mistaken. Kylo sees Hux in all his shades of grey – grey and blue and gold. Hux might be all those things, but he also quite likes blossoms. He enjoys dancing all while despising the actual occasions that call for it. He favors icing over cake and would eat copious amounts of sugar everyday of his life if unchecked, but he likes his caf black and bitter. He likes his hands to be held – or at least, he seems to like it when Kylo holds them. Hux sees the extraordinary where others see nothing at all, opportunity where others see imminent failure and Hux likes being smart. He knows he’s smart – he knows his own genius and he likes being handed a puzzle as much as he might complain about being made to solve it. He likes greenery, colorful gardens, shining, clear waters and smooth stones. He likes being bested in sparring – he loves to know that there is more to learn, a move or tactic he’s not yet considered and he loves to see others’ genius at work. He quiets his ghosts by drawing them, he adores his cat like no other human, he wants for children – Kylo’s children – he wants to do better than was done by him, he wants justice when cruelty shadows the plains of his hard-earned peace. Justice never comes for him, though – it never has. It’s why he slits jugulars and mops up blood across corridor hallways. When cruelty has no one to answer to, Hux is waiting there to meet it, bearing his blade and his sharp canines and a will to survive. Hux gets handsy after too much whiskey, his laughter is charming and his shyness about it even more so. The luxury of his bed set satisfies him to no end, he keeps, reads and actually understands ancient poetry, likes instrumental music that swells and spins. His singing voice is low and even, his lips are full and his kisses brim with feeling. When his guards are down, when he feels safe, his heart booms, drums and races and his eyes glimmer like coveted diamonds. Kylo loves him. “It’s your turn.” “Sorry?” Hux asks. Kylo’s voice is rough, just about shaking with nerves. “It’s your turn,” he repeats, “I kissed you first. Now it’s your turn.” Kylo probably could have explained that better, but his brain isn’t offering much in way of eloquence. It doesn’t matter, though – Hux understands him all the same. They’re in a mirror now, all turned around – Hux is leaving, having his patience, trust and loyalty tested, the one closest to the navigation panel, the one that will watch Kylo turn his back and leave. When they were here last, Kylo caged Hux against a wall and kissed him. Kissed him for the first time. And now Hux approaches him patiently, crossing the space between them, walking with that grace Kylo finds irresistible. “Well, Ren,” Hux begins, eyes cast low, voice deep and whispering, “may I kiss you?” Kylo nods silently and watches Hux’s hands as they rise up to frame his face. First, Hux’s fingertips graze over Kylo’s scar, gently and sweetly, more in reverence than some simple acknowledgement. Kylo fights the urge to let his eyes flutter shut – he wants to watch. Then Hux’s thumbs brush the corners of Kylo’s lips like Kylo often does to him and Hux closes the remaining distance. His kiss his patient, his hands are smooth and warm and Kylo returns the gesture, holding onto Hux’s jaw and tilting him just so. Hux follows the leaning with a soft hum, his skin is flustered under Kylo’s palms, his lips move so willingly, so pliant, so ready and fearless and Kylo loves him, loves him, loves him, loves him – Hux’s belt comes undone and slips from its loops just as Kylo’s tongue slips past Hux’s lips. Hux’s muffled noise might be one of partial protest, but his grip on Kylo only hardens. The buttons of his jacket are so carefully undone, his collared shirt unbuttoned with focus as well, his undershirt un-tucked with ease – “ ah – Kylo, we don’t have time –“ “I will always have time for you,” Kylo swears, his voice sounding rougher than before and visibly surprising Hux, “Always.” “You seem a touch mad,” Hux observes breathlessly. Kylo doesn’t smile when he asks, “you’re only realizing that now?” He leaves no room or time for Hux to answer that; he takes off his upper and outer most layers off and then Hux is backing up, putting a foot or two between them. His pupils are blown and dark, his icy eyes like near-white rings, his hair mussed the way Kylo likes – the way Kylo loves . Splaying his hands over Kylo’s chest, Hux pushes and all but throws Kylo against the nearest wall. His arms wind around Kylo’s neck and with his shoes off now, he’s another inch shorter, so he pulls just a little to bring Kylo closer to him. Kylo’s hands sweep over Hux’s flanks, lingering on the narrow of his waist and then sliding under Hux’s thighs. He effortlessly lifts Hux up and turns them around, relishing the way Hux’s legs circle his hips so securely. “We don’t have –“ “Yes, we do,” Kylo interrupts, outstretching a hand to grab the case that comes flying at them. Hux leans his head back against the wall, catching his breath – his blush his spread over his face and neck, down his chest and his lips are dark and kiss-swollen. He recognizes the slick evidently stolen from his quarters. “You planned this?” “Not really,” Kylo confesses, “Didn’t want you to be bored. Wanted you to think of me while I’m away too. There’s a pencil and pad under the cot as well.” Hux’s knowing smirk melts away at the admission and Kylo lets Hux down long enough to let the General get his uniform pants off and out of the way. When he’s bare, flushed all over and still in want, Kylo undoes his own black pants just enough to get his length out. He really ought to make haste, but he doesn’t. He takes his time. He coats himself until there’s a shine and drip at the head and then he Force-holds Hux to the wall, lifting him up off the ground and helping spread his legs. They’ve been at this with such regularity since Kylo’s return that he starts with two, wet fingers and is not so caught off-guard when Hux’s nails scrape at his shoulders. They’re quiet as they were during the walk to the pods – there is too much and too little to say and they both know it. There is only hard breath, gasping, throaty, wanton noises and the slick sound of skin against skin. When Kylo is finally sliding into Hux, he keeps Hux up with his own strength. He looks down to admire the way Hux’s abdomen muscles spasm, how his throbbing cock looks pink and dark against the milky tone of his skin, the apparent tension in his thighs as he keeps them wrapped around either side of Kylo’s waist. Once Kylo’s fully seated, he looks to Hux’s face, searching for signs to stop or never stop or anything at all, really. Hux’s eyes are shut, though, his head is tilted back, his neck is arched and on display in this hypnotizing, submissive way and Kylo thrusts without meaning to. A long, sultry moan escapes Hux’s chest and his hand goes to cover his mouth in shyness or something Kylo doesn’t have the blood pressure currently to tolerate. He grabs Hux’s wrist and pins it above his head. He takes the liberty of grabbing Hux’s other hand as well. Kylo’s legs are shaking, but he’s stable. All that’s keeping Hux up now is the incline of his hips and where they’re joined. His hands are twined with Hux’s above Hux’s head – he loves it. He loves how their hands slot together, he loves how Hux trusts Kylo not to drop him, he loves Hux’s parted, glistening lips, he loves Hux’s hair splayed out on the wall like a halo. He loves Hux. He loves Hux. He loves Hux and maybe Hux wants no part of it – maybe Hux doesn’t feel the same, but that’s fine. Kylo has gone without love as far back as he can remember and he will wait for Hux and he will do whatever it is he must for Hux to love him back. He has gotten rather good at being patient, he thinks and Hux instills in him the power and motivation to conquer all the galaxy. He can wait and he will do what must be done for Hux to love him. He has never wanted anything before like he wants Hux’s love. He begins to think he might just die without it. “Stars, you’re beautiful…” Kylo looks up at Hux from behind his curtains of hair, his face feels hot and he might look confused. He feels a little confused. He’s rather sure he didn’t say that out loud. “What?” “You’re strong,” Hux continues, “…so strong. Tall, handsome with eyes dark as space – short of breath and so focused on the physical task at hand… you just look beautiful.” Kylo’s cock throbs inside Hux and Hux feels it, smiling devilishly at him. “I want you, Kylo,” Hux murmurs, gaze serious and oversaturated with emotion, “I want you. Get out of your head – it’s a dangerous neighborhood. Stay here with me. I want you to stay.” What Hux means is to stay present – to stay present in this very moment and Kylo knows that, but those words are music to Kylo’s ears. Music that’s a little tragic, maybe in minor key, but it’s marvelous all the same and Kylo descends on Hux, kissing him and thrusting up into him with hard, measured ruts. The dexterous hands under Kylo’s tense up and spasm like he might want to be clawing at Kylo’s back or chest – sometimes, when Hux is buried deep in Kylo, he runs his nails down Kylo’s sides, leaving red marks that fade within the hour, but they’re beautiful while they last. He nuzzles at Hux’s jaw, encouraging him to dip his head back so that Kylo has better access to his throat. The broad of Kylo’s tongue pushes against Hux’s jugular, making him gasp and writhe and tighten around Kylo enough to make him see stars. Kylo’s pants have fallen just enough that Hux’s heels have found the dimples in Kylo’s lower back and they’re digging there. When Kylo opens his eyes as much as he can to gaze down at Hux, he finds Hux’s eyes inexplicably misty. He worries he’s hurt Hux, but before he can even vocalize that, Hux shakes his head, dismissing the fear and smiles, still gasping, “you’re wonderful – you’re wonderful, just don’t stop.” He’d like for Hux to call him by that pet name he’s taken to calling Kylo – his ‘menace.’ Kylo’s gotten used to hearing it whimpered and groaned and sworn around just as he’s gotten used to feeling Hux’s nails in his back and on his chest, down his arms, his thighs, his sides. Just as he’s gotten used to having Hux, being inside Hux, having Hux inside him, kissing Hux, touching Hux, holding Hux, loving Hux – “Faethea,” Kylo somehow manages to mutter. “W-what?” Hux asks, following his question with a very undignified, “ unh –" at Kylo’s upward thrust. “It’s the star – the one I’m going to propose to you with. Faethea,” Kylo explains, sweat starting to shine over his naked torso. “ Kylo !” Hux hisses, as if it’s a curse or a swear, as if he’s angry, but he’s not – Kylo looks up just in time to watch Hux’s eyes shut tightly, two thin tears slipping down from either cheek. It takes a second for Kylo to realize the heart pounding at a hundred beats per minute is not his own. He’s very nearly worried again, but Hux looks like he’s happy somehow – his brow is furrowed, his mouth is not in a smile, but he’s still gasping, he’s still rolling his hips to meet Kylo’s in time and his lashes are flitting like butterflies’ wings. He’s happy – Kylo doesn’t know how he knows this without use of the Force, but he just knows it. Perhaps when one loves a person, they become suddenly privy to that information – maybe his and Hux’s souls are so knotted together now, he can feel Hux’s happiness as his own without the Force playing any role at all. Loving Hux might be the final proof that Kylo has been void of goodness from the very start, but if that’s what it means to love Hux, then so be it. “I’ll have it,” Kylo promises, breath not much more than a struggled huff, “When I return – you’ll have it, you’ll wear it. I’ll stay.” “ Oh - oh, Hells !” Hux weeps in a wavering voice and octave Kylo has never before heard. Without much more warning than that and much to Kylo’s shock, Hux comes first and entirely untouched. He tightens up sporadically around Kylo as he does, his hands in white-knuckled fists, arms wound like bow strings and back arching, legs spreading. His cock jumps on his stomach, striping his chest and leaving a splatter high enough it paints the hollow of Hux’s neck. When Kylo laps at it, sucking at the sensitive skin beneath, the resounding, elongated moan of his name, the tortured, “ Kylo ,” that Hux makes has Kylo cresting and kissing him to quiet whatever embarrassing noises he makes in response. When Kylo draws his hands away, Hux immediately clings to him, burying his face into Kylo’s shoulder, wrapping his legs and arms around Kylo tighter than before. Kylo instinctively helps to hold Hux up and when he budges just a little to slide out, Hux pulls him in closer again with trembling legs. “What is it, Hux?” Kylo asks gently. “Don’t go yet,” Hux utters back, “Stay like this with me.” Hux leans back so their eyes can meet and while there’s trace evidence of tears having been on Hux’s face, they’re not there anymore. “I won’t leave yet,” Kylo assures him. Hux kisses Kylo’s cheek and says against the flushed skin there, “stay inside me until you can’t anymore. Wash with me a last time and then be on your way to defend my life.” “And return with Faethea,” Kylo adds. He feels Hux’s lips curl into a smile, “and return with Faethea, of course.” Kylo holds onto Hux longer and with more strength than is necessarily required. Hux makes no objections. She is with child. Jardom turns away from the viewport where he’s just watched the pods take off. He doesn’t recognize the voice speaking to him and he’s positive the door to Hux’s quarters haven’t been opened. He may be tired, but he is a reliable guard. He glances around, feels the emptiness of the space and asks, “…who’s there?” She doesn’t yet realize. Something drops in Jardom’s stomach and he is compelled to look at the ring in Nali’s unfurled hand. It seems somehow shinier than before. “…Nali?” he asks the ring directly, “Nali is… pregnant?” Quite a happy accident, I can see , the voice replies, She will be elated upon receiving this news. Jardom walks over to Nali, checks that she is still unconscious and he looks over to Haas as well, sees him still asleep and eerily motionless. He crouches down and stares at the ring. “Nali is… are you… are you an ally of Lord Kylo Ren? How are you speaking to me? Are you telling me that Nali is carrying my child?” You will make for a good father. Jardom goes to grab the ring and finds his fingers burned. He seethes and clutches his burning fingertips. He looks between his hands and the ring a few times before tentatively trying to touch it again. It is cool now and even when he speaks aloud, he garners no response. He takes a station in front of Nali, watching her face and feeling his own heat up – he thinks he knows what has just happened, but he’s too fearful to jump to the conclusion that seems most natural. He is unsure of most everything, but of this he is certain now; there are not two people under his watch. There are three. Notes: "MELANIE, JARDOM IS FORCE-SENSITIVE???" Yes!! Congratulations to the 3 of you that figured it out a few chapters back! ;D "MELANIE, DOES JARDOM NOT KNOW HE'S FORCE-SENSITIVE???" No, he didn't before, but he seems to now! "MELANIE, WHERE WERE THE FUCKIN SIGNS THO???" When Jardom was introduced, he was part of an impressive line-up of the top of the graduating class from the Academy, but he has never regarded himself as particularly remarkable - why then, would Haas choose Jardom FIRST when he doesn't even LIKE Jardom and Jardom has admitted that there were people in the group better suited to work on Aurora than him? "DO YOU MEAN TO IMPLY THAT JARDOM /INFLUENCED/ HAAS INTO CHOOSING HIM???" Yes, I do. When Jardom talks about having always admired Nali but not wanting to cause her trouble, he says he laid low, trying to stay below her radar so he wouldn't put her off - perhaps he used the Force all those years to go undetected (like Kylo did at the gala hmmm?) "WAIT, MELANIE, SO DOES THAT MEAN THAT THE REASON KYLO SO IMMEDIATELY LIKED JARDOM WAS BECAUSE HE UNKNOWINGLY SENSED THAT JARDOM WAS A KINDRED SPIRIT???" Yes! "WAIT, MELANIE, SO DOES THAT MEAN THAT JARDOM MAY HAVE BEEN USING THE FORCE ON HAAS WHEN THEY GOT IN THAT FIGHT THE NIGHT HUX GOT DRUNK AND KYLO HAD TO COME BREAK IT UP??" Yes! "WAIT, MELANIE, SO DOES THAT MEAN THAT JARDOM BEING INSIGHTFUL ABOUT WHAT HUX WANTED FROM KYLO WAS BECAUSE HE ACTUALLY /KNEW/ AND HE WASN'T JUST BEING INTUITIVE?" Yes! That's also precisely why Jardom uses "digging for gold" as an analogy - he sensed that gold meant something between Kylo and Hux and influenced Kylo into acting like an adult and talking to his evil bf. "WAIT, MELANIE, SO DOES THAT MEAN THAT WHEN JARDOM SENSED THAT HUX WAS READYING HIMSELF TO DIE IT WAS BECAUSE HE WAS ACCIDENTALLY READING HUX'S MIND???" Yes! And if you review conversations with Jardom in past chapters, you'll see a lot of bits of Jardom picking up on things he shouldn't be able to pick up on. Jardom's been accidentally reading people's minds for a while ;] "BACK THE FUN BUS THE FUCK UP FOR A SECOND HERE, MELANIE, NALI IS PREGNANT???" Yes! She is! "SINCE WHEN HAVE NALI AND JARDOM BEEN DOING THE DO???" Not for very long, actually! If you read my fic 'A Little Tied Up,' it frames precisely when and how Jardom and Nali started doing the no-pants dance "MELANIE, WHY WOULD AN EVIL RING TELL JARDOM THAT NALI IS PREGNANT????" Why are you so sure the ring is evil? ;] "MELANIE, KYLO USED THE WORD /LOVE/ EVEN IF IT WAS ONLY IN HIS HEAD!!!" Yes, he did. "MELANIE, DO YOU REALLY TURN 23 TOMORROW???" Yes, unfortunately I do and I'm aggressively ignoring adulthood, so pls stop time "MELANIE, DID HURRICANE MATTHEW FUCK UP YOUR WHOLE SEMESTER'S SCHEDULE??" Yes, unfortunately it did and now I have a metric shit ton of work to make up, which is why this update has been so delayed. "MELANIE, IS HAVING YOUR HUSBAND BACK FROM COMBAT DEPLOYMENT EVERYTHING YOU DREAMT IT'D BE???" Yes! :3 Thank you to all of you that sent us happy wishes and congratulations! <3 For those of you that skipped the sex scene: Hux and Kylo slow bone and it's super tender, very intense and Kylo really gets lost in his lovey-dovey thoughts about Hux. He tells Hux that he's chosen the star Faethea to propose to him with upon his return from Tython. That he's planning to propose to Hux at all and that he's chosen a real star and has a real intention of getting that real star to propose to Hux with makes Hux orgasm so hard, it's almost comical. Hux's reaction is really intense, though and worth noting. Because their channel is closed off, we don't really see Hux's thought process there or what effect Kylo's words had on him inwardly, but you WILL get to see it eventually. Hope you enjoy the update! Chapter 8 Notes: No trigger warnings for this chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The jacket’s discarded for the time being on the cot with his gloves, sword, hat, socks and shoes. After being thoroughly fucked by Ren, there seemed little point in rushing to get himself back in order. Hux thinks to himself that the sentiment could actually summarize a lot of his relationship with Ren; being entirely fucked by the man and then losing all sense of direction or propriety. He’s not sure how long he’ll be stuck in this pod, anyway; he may as well be comfortable. The endorphins Kylo has left him stewing in help him to release just a modicum of anxiety. He can’t help but wear those rose-tinted glasses; Ren makes him weak but simultaneously courageous and capable. He’s unsure how Ren does it, but then again, Ren has always been a paradox in and of himself. He fills Hux with terror by how much he calms Hux all just by existing – it’s all wrong and still feels like the only right thing Hux has ever done or felt in his life. Perhaps the entire universe will go up in smoke – perhaps Ren will draw his lightsaber and slash through the fabric of space-time until he makes enough heat and rage to give birth to a supermassive black hole that will swallow them all whole. Perhaps Ren has doomed them all to something terrible and painful, something lasting and incomprehensibly torturous and maybe that doom has been looming over the two of them from the moment they met or the moment they were conceived on the same plane of reality. Then again, perhaps they won’t die horribly after all. He feels Ren with him now more than he ever has in Ren’s past absences – Ren is the sweat on his brow, the aftertaste of musky skin on his tongue, he’s in Hux’s bones, flowing and raging like a river through his veins – Ren is part of everything. The everything. The infinite, unrelenting Everything of existing and Hux thinks that if that Everything is what is meant by ‘the Force,’ then Ren really is one with the Force. As far as Hux is concerned, Ren is the Force. Smiling down at his drawing pad, Hux shifts in his seat just enough to feel the delicious pain Ren’s fit of passion has left behind. He adores the ache, feeling Ren and what Ren reduces him to even when he’s not present in all the invisible ways and the most physical ways; a reminder that it was all real – that he continues to be real even when he’s not within Hux’s line of vision. And what a vision Ren is. “A ridiculous man,” Hux says to himself, all while shading around the mouth in the portrait of Ren he’s made. The pencil keeps moving, relaxed, tame and practiced even as his hand – as if it were sentient – knows it is only distracting him from imminent fear. A fool’s fear, but fear all the same. After a cycle or so of drawing and talking aloud so as not to lose his mind, Hux decides that talking aloud is not nearly as fruitful in calming him when Millicent isn’t there to look at him as if she understands. He sighs deeply, sits at that table and keeps the pencil moving, crossing his legs at his naked ankles. He feels strangely young. A bit naked without his dagger too. It’s been a long, long time since he’s been without that piece of himself and while he gave it away with the utmost care and forethought, it still feels strange. He decides he will acclimate – the passage of time makes normal what is at some time unwelcome and unfamiliar. He always acclimates. He pays special attention to the shine in Ren’s eyes as he draws – the eyes were always the most interesting bit to draw in any portrait. In animals and men alike – they speak such volumes. Ren, the incredible, impossible man looks at him with those eyes like he means something. Like his happiness matters – like Ren himself wants to be the source of that happiness even though, in all likelihood, he will be the terrifying, violent end of Hux. Paradoxical that he is, he is every source of happiness Hux has ever known in this galaxy and he will most likely be the demise of any happiness to come. Hux has always known this, but it seems more evident now than ever. He wonders what Brendol or his mother may have thought of him if they could see him now. He wonders what Brendol might say to him and he speculates for a while but nothing seems right – he could never know. He never would, he never will, he never can because Brendol is long gone and, in some ways, that’s for the best. For both of them. He wonders what a younger version of himself might think of him now. He briefly imagines sitting across a table from sixteen-year-old Hux and letting him know what’s to become of them. He thinks young Hux would be quite pleased – making it to General, getting the Finalizer , finding friendship, loyalty and safety. Perhaps he did not become Emperor Hux, but he made a garden and conceivably that would be enough to satiate young Hux. Hux bites the inside of his bottom lip and imagines explaining that garden to young Hux – the garden is dark, sparse with only a very few remarkable flowers, but he’s not a weed. Not anymore. He’s something and maybe that something isn’t bright or golden or beautiful or something that matters much at all in the great big galaxy – but he wasn’t ripped up from the ground. He’s no weed, he’s a something – whatever that means and he’s deep in the soil and he’s got roots, twined with enormous, life-giving plants like Ziare and Kylo, even with the just-blooming buds of Naos, Nali and Jardom. His hand wanders off to the left and he writes out ‘ Faethea ,’ – he writes it out a few different times in a few different ways, trying to conceive of it. It’s a moment in a word – maybe the only moment that ever mattered at all. A moment that his sensitive hands were held, that his scarred, damaged body was worshipped, desperately sought after; a moment that Cyclone Kylo fixed his endlessly dangerous gaze on him, promised him everything there is to be had in the universe if he so wants it, a moment he was adored . Sincerely. A moment he was seen and heard. A moment he was missed before he was gone, he was dizzy with the power of being powerless and wanting more – needing the surrender, the relief of those cyclone winds whisking him away into bliss. Kylo – Kylo who is Everything with those glistening, deep-space dark eyes laser-focused on him and the weight of his attention being intoxicating, heady, too heavy to bear and still leaving Hux starving for more. Then he writes out, ‘ Kylo & Aurelien Hux .’ He frowns. Kylo Hux doesn’t sound right. It doesn’t roll off the tongue and it doesn’t look pretty either. He starts writing out ‘ Kylo & Aurelien Solo ,’ when he remembers that Alderaan was a matriarchal society and that odds are, Kylo – or Ben’s former name belonged to the princess and not his father. That if Kylo were to take that old name back, it would be the one of the General’s. 'Kylo & Aurelien Organa.' He likes it. He could never tell Ren, of course – he’d never hear the end of it. Ren would spend the rest of their short lives trying to convince him to legally change his name just to stroke his ego. Ren loves possessing things – he’s a possessive man, much like Hux in that regard and he’d want his name on Hux, somewhere. He wants Hux in every way he can have him – destroy him and repair him in every way there is to be torn apart and put back together. Yes, Hux supposes he’ll keep that scribble a bit of a secret. No one needs to know he was writing their names together like Kylo were some teenaged heartthrob and Hux some daydreaming school girl. Hux would like to hang onto whatever dignity he has left. He likes looking at it, though – more than he should, always more than he should – he likes thinking about it, he likes the way it sounds when he whispers it to himself and he writes it over a few times and then wondering if Kylo would be terribly offended to take that name back. Perhaps they’d only share a last name on paper and continue to be Ren and Hux – Ren is rather difficult to predict in these emotionally charged types of situations. He’d either be elated at the thought of plastering one of his identities onto Hux, or his eyes would ghost over and he’d lose his temper as he so often does. Just as Hux is considering the options of how that interaction might play out, the navigation board bursts to life with a loud whirring sound. He stands from the table, but doesn’t move from it. He watches from afar as the board lights itself, buttons punch themselves, the pod is thrown into hyperspeed and he is helpless to stop it. He shuts his eyes, takes a deep and steadying breath – he reaches for Kylo the only way he knows how. Danger , he sends, hoping some Force-sensitive radar will pick it up, I’m in danger. Danger came for me. I’m no longer inert. He knows. A terrible shudder runs down Hux’s spine. Snoke knows. Notes: "Melanie! Are we back on track with more regular updates??" Yes! I had a lot of personal stuff going on that slowed down NAA's progress, but we're in the home stretch now. I can't imagine this going past twelve or fourteen more chapters, but we'll see! "Melanie, you fell off the grid on this series for like two months and you bring us angst?? whYYY??" because i'm ~terrible~ Hope everyone had happy holidays! Thanks for all your patience! Look out for more updates coming up more regularly as we near the end! Chapter 9 Notes: TW: Jardom talks at length about watching a loved one die. His retelling is based on a very real experience of mine and I'm sure a shared experience with people who have been there at loved one's bedsides when they've passed. Please read carefully <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Suddenly, Haas gasps so loudly, it shocks Jardom from his near-nod-off. He’s a bit shamed at first that he was falling asleep – the General would be most disapproving. He rubs at his eyes to refocus them and stares at Haas’s body, but it’s quite still and he’s certainly not awake. No other noise comes from Haas’s body as he watches. Jardom knows he heard it, though. Kylo Ren has twined their respective consciousness’s together. His with the alien girl’s as well. Your General appears to have been frightened. Jardom doesn’t look at the ring he knows is speaking to him. He keeps his eyes trained on Haas, perhaps waiting for some other sign of near wakefulness. He knows the Captain is running about the ship, close to madness with keeping up appearances and he won’t alert her of anything short of immediate peril. A gasp in one’s sleep is not enough, Jardom thinks. He senses danger, uncertainty, but nothing is clear to him. He wishes absently that Lord Kylo Ren was present and able to help him hone these skills he has always referred to as intuition. He wonders how Lord Kylo Ren will react when he tells him of the ring speaking and of his ability to hear it. He wonders if Lord Kylo Ren will be proud or interested at all – if he will be willing to help Jardom tame himself. “I was with my father when he died,” Jardom tells the room – he might be talking to the ring, but he isn’t willing to admit that, even to himself. He stretches his legs out on the floor, turning his ankles back and forth to make them crack and feeling an ache rush through from his hips to his toes – he’s been stiff and still for too long. He cracks his neck for good measure and sighs as his muscles wake up and complain at his poor posture. “He was very ill – he always had been,” Jardom expounds, “I never knew him in his years of health. I only saw the end. I was ten when he passed. He was in his bed, my mother, my sister and myself beside him. I didn’t cry – I was the youngest, but he was always reinforcing this idea of ‘being the man of the house,’ once he was gone. I think that… even if I hadn’t felt pressure to appear unshakeable for the sake of my mother and sister, I would not have cried. I recall numbness. Acceptance. The universe is cruel in its apathy. It never meant to take my father from me – this is simply what is. But watching his health decline taught me very much. Particularly in those last few hours.” Jardom glanced at Nali from the corner of his eye, but he didn’t want the spirit of the ring mistaking his attention to her towards it, so he refocused his attention back onto Haas. “A person’s last breath is distinctly unique and different than all the others – towards the end, when they’ve lost consciousness, it’s like you can feel it… a… a transition. Transformation. Not precisely an indication of a life after, but something very… other . It fills the room. Everyone sits closer together without meaning to, everything seems drawn in on itself. We watch the ship of our loved ones sail across the horizon – just because we cannot see them anymore does not mean they no longer are, though. They are simply across the horizon, out of sight and when they meet that place where the sky and sea touch, as they pass out of view, they gasp.” Jardom can still hear it now – how it sounded from his father’s chest, how it rattled, how skeletal and weak his father had become and how pained he was to hear his father’s struggle for air. He can remember how badly he wanted it to be over with and how guilty he felt for that. He didn’t want his father to die, really – he only wanted the suffering to end. Both those wishes were one in the same and he knew, even young like that, what he truly wanted was for his mother to sleep. He wanted his father’s pain to cease, for his sister’s crying to dry, for their family to rest and the agony, the long bedside vigils and endless stream of caf to just stop . He supposes it is selfish, no matter how he looks at it. He is a selfish young man. He always has been – wanting after things he has no place wanting after. He remembers first seeing Nali, thinking that love at first sight was a myth, but – perhaps not. He wanted her, even as he learned she had chosen her most precious one. He wanted her and he wanted that to be kept secret, for both their sakes. It was selfish to keep his distance, admire her from afar with no right to pursue her and it was selfish still to do it anyway. He could never win. He cannot help his selfishness. He has only ever hoped that it would not be his downfall. That if he was patient, treated others as he wanted to be treated, if he kept his eyes sharp and head down, that his treasure would come. And it had. He wishes that Nali could hear him now. “Those last breaths… they breathe in and you think they’re dead – it’s thirty seconds in humans. Thirty seconds, they breathe in and then thirty seconds pass before they breathe out. It’s a bit like watching the lights go out as a building loses power – the functions are scattered and they don’t all fail and crash at once. They spark and flicker – they gasp. I remember what that last breath was like. How his weak pulse finally, sluggishly came to a stop. How his eyes changed in that almost imperceptible way death changes them. A gasp, thirty seconds, a gasp, thirty seconds, a gasp and then… nothing. I feel foolish sometimes, for believing he is still with me. That he would be proud of me or that he somehow is – that he is part of everything around me.” You are not wrong to believe this. Jardom holds his head in his hands, rubbing the heart of his palms into his forehead. “Don’t say that.” He is with you. Those departed – they never really leave you. I am talking to you, aren’t I? “That’s different.” No voice comes for a few beats and just when Jardom thinks that the ring has severed conversation, it speaks to him again. The infant forming in this alien girl – the brain is developing. Procreation is different among her species. I think you will have eighteen standard months before your child is born. There is a brain stem, though and the beginnings of a brain. Jardom shut his eyes tightly, ears and cheeks flushing. He hopes so profoundly that Nali will be happy, that she will keep their child – that she will keep him . You want to know that your father would be proud of you. This is something you want to share with him. Your child. “Of course,” Jardom responds hoarsely, “Of course it is. Wouldn’t every child? Wouldn’t every child want to share this with their parents? Of course I want him to see. The child – they will be so beautiful. It’s hard to imagine not sharing them with everyone I know. Of course. Of course I want to share it with him.” The hippocampus is large – larger than a human’s. “What does that mean?” It means that your child’s brain will be built for the storage of more memory than you or perhaps even this mother are. “A brain sculpted for memories,” Jardom smiles down at his lap, “That’s nice. That’s a nice thought. A long, glad life with infinitely happy memories. I want to give that baby memories – lots of them. I want to be in almost all of their memories, I think.” The way you wish your father was in yours? “Yes,” Jardom answers sadly. Come to your mate. The life inside her cannot understand you, but speak anyway. What we say often has little meaning, anyway. How we say it and what it all means, beneath and between the words – the intangible things. Those are the things that matter. Unsure why he is taking direction at all, Jardom crawls over to Nali and places his head in her lap, closest to where his child is apparently forming. He wishes the formation were far enough along that he could feel a kick or hear something, but he knows it’s much too soon. Say to your child what you wish your father had said to you. Jardom hesitates. This is all strangely intimate and almost painful. He isn’t sure why. He barely knew his father. He misses him, though, all the same. Be more than a gasp – a gasp is all your father left you. Give this new life something more. Give them now what you have needed from your own father. It will help you find peace. With a shaky inhale, Jardom shuts his eyes and says to Nali’s belly, “I… I love you. Very much. We’ve not known each other long – you don’t… you don’t know me at all, really. We all lose things and people most beloved – don’t fight that. It’s okay. There are low and high tides. Some of the universe gives and some of it takes, but it never means you personal harm. And… if I am ever… away from you… if ever I cross some horizon and you cannot see me anymore…” Go on. “… I will be all around you,” Jardom promises, “When you speak to me, I will hear you, no matter how far and when you think something is quite the happy accident or coincidence, know that it is me – that I will make every happiness for you that I can and nothing is an accident. You are not an accident. You are rather miraculous and I will make life beautiful for you, the way you deserve it to be. Even if I am not before you – if I leave you sooner than you’d hoped, know that I am in the sand, the waters, the sky, the plants, the ground, the stars and even in the space that seems dark and scary and lonesome – I am there too. I am all around you. I will protect you. Even if someday, I am out of sight. Even then. I will surround you and you will feel all of my love for you everyday. Everyday that you live. You will feel me because I’ll never really be gone. I’ve loved you before I’ve known you and I think that when I meet you, I will love nothing more in the entire universe.” Heat pushes at Jardom’s eyes and his head throbs – he really needs sleep, but he knows there is no time to rest. Not now. There is enough time for this, though – this is more important. Much more. “You know, your mother’s name, Nali – on my home planet, it mean’s ‘craftsman graced with God’s bounty.’ I think that sets things out for you quite nicely, doesn’t it?” Jardom smiles, imagining holding that weight, that child that will be in part his and in part Nali’s and he thinks he is too anxious to wait so long to meet them – that to make him wait eighteen standard months is just cruel, “I helped supply, certainly, but it is your mother that is crafting you and with the grace of the Heavens too – of Angels. You will be one, I think. A ground-walking Angel, just like your mother. I will be braver for you. For just existing, I will be braver and I will protect you and love you. And perhaps Nali would not like for me to say this, but I will protect her too. She doesn’t need me to, but I will. I know you will fill me with pride just as Nali does. How will I contain myself, small one, when I am faced with you? However will I keep from telling every living soul that you are all that is good about existing bundled up in a blanket and that I have no intention of sharing you with any of them?” Jardom laughs at his own selfishness – he never really thought of being a father, but now… He can think of no greater honor than to father Nali’s child. His heart thrums away, eager to dote on Nali, eager to see her round belly and to be at her beck and call, to get her whatever bizarre foods her appetite might demand and to soothe her swollen feet when they ache. He is so eager, his hands shake. “Will the baby ever know I said any of that?” No. Jardom rolls his glassy eyes, but his smile is still placid and loving. He can’t help it, really – he struggles to be anything other than blissfully happy when he is so close to Nali. But they will feel you in the sand, the waters, the sky, the plants, the ground and all of space – they will feel you. Keep your promises and they will always feel you. They feel you even now. “Really?” Really. Smiling gladly, Jardom settles himself more comfortably against Nali’s lap. He is still unsure of what just happened with Haas, but a gasp is just a gasp. He returns to happier thoughts – he thinks it is all that will keep him afloat during the next few cycles left before this ugly business is dealt with. Before Nali can wake and he can hold her closely and they can form a future together. Jardom is good with his hands – always has been. He’s a good builder and though it’s a task yet unknown to him, he is rather thrilled to start building the rest of his life with Nali Vitaan. “Will she take my name, do you think?” Certainly not. She will insist you take hers. Jardom laughs heartily, grinning up at Nali’s sleeping face, “that’s quite alright. I think I’ll rather like being Jardom Vitaan.” He does not drift to sleep, but he daydreams about that for a long, long while. It keeps his mounting anxiety at bay. Notes: "Melanie, wheRE IS KYLO???" In the next chapter! "Melanie, whaT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO HUX???" You'll see! "Melanie, the spirit in the ring is of a dead mother and I thought it was evil but maybe she's just trying to help???" Possibly! "Melanie, does every character have a tragic past???" Most of them! Yup! "Melanie, what the ring lady said about their consciousness being tied together, wtf does that mean???" It means Haas's consciousness is getting screwed up with Hux's - he may feel like he's dreaming, but whatever it is he saw in his 'dream,' made him gasp. The ring is informing Jardom that Nali's consciousness is screwed up with Kylo's too - they are both beacons receiving information from Hux and Kylo, respectively. "Melanie, is the enD NIGH???" YES Notes: During their very sweet/domestic morning sex, Kylo very clearly wants to admit the depths of his feelings for Hux, but Hux doesn't allow him to. This creates tension - Kylo wants to talk Feelings, but Hux is not a Feelings-Talker and shuts him down, even ignoring how distraught Kylo becomes when he can't vocalize his affections. "Melanie, the first chapter has explicit sex??? Do you mean to imply Part Four will have MORE smut??" Yes! "Melanie, is this gonna hurt???" Yes! "Melanie, is there seriously going to be more porn????" Yes! I slow burned you all to death! Porn for days! Everyone rejoice! (if you're into that) "Melanie, are these tags very misleading?? Will there be happiness for our Evil Space Boyfriends????" The tags ARE misleading, but necessary! You'll have to read to find out! "Melanie - but really, there's more porn????" Yes! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Not About Angels series