Part I: The Female Kylo Ren Notes: LISTEN this is entirely Adam Driver's fault for having A SWIMMER'S BODY. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “In the third day of swimming competition here in Los Angeles, Kylo Ren nabbed his third gold of these games in the 200-meter freestyle, bringing his total medal count up to 25, three medals shy of his grandfather’s record 28. He still has five days of competition left to break that record, with a rigorous schedule that will likely have him swimming in at least one final each day. History is being made here, folks, and Ren hasn’t said whether these are his last Olympics or not. We may get the chance to watch him break Anakin Skywalker’s old record here, then widen his medal count margin even further four years from now. Tomorrow, you can watch Ren in the 100 free semifinal and 4x200 relay final. On the women’s side, first-time Olympian Rey Niima qualified for the 200 free final tomorrow. This comes, of course, after she shattered the world record in the 400 free last night to win gold, her second of these games. In the 100 backstroke final, Kaydel Ko Connix — ” Rey stabbed her finger against her phone screen to pause the video, thrusting it back across the table into Poe and Finn’s faces even though there was now nothing to see but the news anchor’s frozen face. “Can you believe this?” she demanded. Finn and Poe exchanged glances, and Rey would’ve thought they were unsure what she was getting at, if it weren’t so obvious . That and Finn’s mischievous grin when he turned back to her. “I can actually, I can absolutely believe that you’re a world-record-breaking, incredible swimmer.” Rey huffed out a breath, shaking her phone violently. “That’s not the point!” Poe shoved an entire pancake into his mouth and grinned around it. “Have some pity on the newbie, Finn. She’s not jaded yet.” Poe turned to her, sympathy in his warm brown eyes. “Ren gets more media attention than the rest of us combined. Better get used to it, kid.” “I’m not mad for me ,” Rey said indignantly, shifting her eyes between the skeptical expressions on her friends’ faces. “Okay, fine, maybe a little bit. But you guys were in that relay with him on Sunday. He won gold thanks to you , but they don’t even talk about the rest of the team. Did they even ask you any questions after the race, or just him?” Finn grinned again, incorrigible as ever. “Hey, I got a full five seconds of screentime and maybe ten words in, something about the honor of racing with these guys . Dameron got more, though. I think it’s the hair. Or maybe his advanced age.” He elbowed Poe in the side, and the other man shoved his arm away good-naturedly. “It just seems wrong that even Anakin Skywalker, who’s been dead for thirty years , is getting more attention at these games than living athletes who are actually here winning medals.” Poe shrugged, stabbing his fork into the huge pile of scrambled eggs on his plate. “Skywalker’s a legend.” “He was a terrible person!” Rey had never considered Anakin a heroic figure in the sport, despite his accomplishments. He’d sacrificed his entire family to be the best, his health, probably his sanity, and in the end, his life. Luke Skywalker was the kind of swimmer she wanted to emulate. So what if he hadn’t broken his father’s records—although he’d been well on his way to doing so before he unexpectedly retired a mere ten years into his competitive career. He’d recognized what it was doing to him and—rather than go the way of his father—he’d gotten out while he still could. Rey found that kind of perspective and self-awareness far more admirable than this all-consuming drive to be the best in history despite all casualties along the way. Poe was shrugging again. “When you’re that good, nobody really cares if you’re an asshole.” He raised an eyebrow. “Except maybe the people who have to deal with you in real life.” “I’m just glad we didn’t have to room with him this time,” Finn mumbled around a large mouthful of his third Big Mac of the morning. “Remember when he punched a hole through the bathroom door after he got that silver in the medley in Tokyo?” “Hey, speaking of tempers.” Poe shifted in his seat to pull his phone out of his pocket, giving it a few taps as he searched for something. “There’s one specific interview I want to watch.” Rey suddenly found her waffles incredibly interesting, grabbing her knife and fork to cut them up into far tinier pieces than necessary. “Ah, there we go.” He’d pulled up a YouTube video, pressing play just as Rey looked up and narrowed her eyes to glare at it. There she was, fresh from the pool after her record-breaking swim, hair a wet tangle over her shoulder, out of breath and with the hugest smile on her face she’d ever seen. Well, it’d been nice while it lasted. “Rey, you did great at the World Championships last year, but how does it feel to already have two gold medals at your first Olympics?” the reporter asked, a vapid smile on her face. Rey beamed. “It feels great. I can’t even — great doesn’t even describe it. I’ve been working so hard for this, I’m so glad I’ve been able to come out here swimming my best, the team’s been swimming our best, it’s awesome.” “Now, you’re only nineteen, definitely up-and-coming, but people are already comparing you to some of the all-time greats. Some people are even dubbing you the female Kylo Ren. How do you feel about that?” Rey remembered how beatifically the reporter had smiled at her as she said that, like she was giving Rey some amazing compliment that she didn’t deserve. Rey scowled at the memory, just in time to see her huge smile on the screen transform into a frown as well, in what was also probably world-record time. “Um,” she said, looking more puzzled than angry for the moment, which was a miracle. “I feel like that’s inaccurate. I’m not the female anybody, I’m just myself.” The reporter blinked a couple of times, clearly at a loss for words, and kept the microphone at Rey’s mouth, all but forcing her to keep talking. Rey shifted on her feet. “I’m not trying to be like anybody. I’m just doing my own thing here.” But instead of thanking her and letting her go, the reporter was like a bloodhound who’d caught an interesting scent. “A lot of the young swimmers here have said Kylo’s been their swimming idol since they were kids. Would you say that’s true for you?” Rey’s eyebrows furrowed. “No, actually, I was always more of a Luke Skywalker fan. The Kylo Ren comparisons don’t really hold water, anyway, he didn’t have two gold medals on the second day of his first Olympics.” Rey smiled winningly and leaned into the microphone. “Thank you!” Then she walked off before the reporter could respond. Rey hadn’t actually watched the interview until now, so she didn’t know what the reporter had done after she left. She propped her chin in her hands, peeking through her fingers at Poe’s phone. “Well,” the reporter said, laughing nervously as she turned to the camera. “Rey Niima, throwing down the gauntlet. Back to you, Dan.” Rey groaned, removing her hands from her face as Poe lowered his phone, smirking at her. “Don’t be embarrassed, that was the best thing I’ve ever seen.” Finn was practically dancing in his seat. “That was the sickest burn anyone’s ever given Ren. Let’s watch it again.” He grabbed the phone out of Poe’s hand, adding as an aside to Rey, “It’s got two million views already. I think half of them are me.” Rey huffed out a sound somewhere between protestation and amusement. “Ugh, just don’t show me the comments. I don’t need to know the internet thinks I’m a bitch for telling the truth.” “How about a nice one? Here’s one: 'that was fucking awesome' with....” Finn squinted at the screen. “... eight exclamation points. Here’s another one: ‘Rey’s an inspiration. She started from nowhere, no family swimming lineage, no nepotism. Y’all can call her shady all you want, she’s worked her ass off to get where she is.’ Oh man, and then in all caps, ‘Kylo Ren’s never had a real job in his life!’” Finn slapped a hand on his knee, briefly dissolving into a fit of hysterical laughter. Poe leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest and grinning. Even Rey couldn’t keep a small, reluctant smile from sneaking onto her face. Once he had himself back under control, Finn propped his elbows on the table, breakfast forgotten, still scrolling through the comments. “Guys, guys, there’s so much great stuff in here. Listen to this: ‘How much do you wanna bet Ren cried when he saw this, just like he cried when Casterfo beat him for gold last Olympics.’” Rey raised an eyebrow. “Was that the same loss as the door-punching incident?” “The very one,” Poe said, biting into an apple with a knowing look on his face. Finn waved a hand in the air to hush them both. “Someone with the username mrsbensolo replied to that comment, ‘you all need to shut the fuck up, like you’ve ever accomplished anything in your lives other than eating a whole bag of Doritos in one sitting and making fun of celebrities on the internet.’ And then there’s just a bunch of people saying ‘Crylo Ren’ over and over.” Rey pressed her lips together. She remembered that . It’d been the biggest meme of the 2020 games, which she kind of felt like even Kylo Ren didn’t deserve. The internet had blown it way out of proportion, anyway—he hadn’t full-on wept or anything, just got a little teary-eyed. But in the sports world, crying was only acceptable for winners, not second-place finishers—and thanks to the merciless scrutiny of the internet, he’d never live that one down. Now that Rey was exposed to the limelight, she found herself feeling a little sympathy for him in that respect—not that he needed it, he who by all outward appearances wore his fame with the easy confidence of someone who didn’t care what people thought of him. “Oh, oh, here’s mrsbensolo with the comeback, ‘anyone would cry if they lost their TWENTIETH gold by a hundredth of a second’ and then there’s a whole bunch of replies waxing poetic on mrsbensolo’s right to comment on the matter considering her clear bias, because she—and I quote—is obsessed with his hair and wants to suck his—” Rey made a disgusted sound and yanked the phone out of his hand. “Okay, that’s enough.” She glanced down as she exited the app, and even that split second was enough for her to see a couple unsavory comments about herself. She slid Poe’s phone across the table to him, trying not to grimace. “Come on, Rey, lighten up.” Finn spread his hands out in front of him. “Did you ever think you’d go viral ?” “Ugh.” She dropped her head into her hands, massaging her temples. “That’s half the problem. Once again, something someone else did or said is all about him now.” Poe chuckled. “Like I said, better get used to it. Ren’s here to stay.” Rey gave another aggravated sigh and dragged herself up out of her seat. “I gotta get to the aquatic center. I have my 200 final tonight and Unkar’s got me studying race footage all day.” “I’ll come with you. I have a heat this afternoon.” Poe tossed his apple core onto his plate with a casual flick of his fingers. “You know your coach is a dick, right?” Rey made a face. “Tell me something I don’t know. Once these games are over hopefully I’ll finally have enough money to fire him and get a coach who doesn’t treat me like shit.” Finn leaned over the table to give her a high-five. “Good luck, Peanut! I’ll be in the stands cheering you on!” Eight hours later, decked out in her red and blue team jacket, swim caps tightly on her head, Rey paced around the ready room, nodding to the beat of the music coming through her headphones. Everyone had their own pre-swim routine—a lot of people sat down in one of the rows of chairs, but Rey always had too much adrenaline going to stay still. She only stopped in front of the tv once to watch Poe swim his breaststroke semi, then she resumed her slow strolling around the room, back in her zone. It was nearly time for her to leave for the pool deck when the men’s relay teams descended upon the ready room for their 4x200 final that was immediately after hers. Before she could tell herself not to look, her eyes darted up in their direction, like a magnet drawn to some invisible pole, because he was there. It wasn’t like she hadn’t spent any time with him. They were on the same team, representing the same country. They’d spent a lot of time in each other’s vicinity leading up to the games, even swimming against a group of their teammates in training at the same time. She’d spoken to him once or twice, briefly. But she doubted she’d really been on his radar, being a relative newbie to the swimming world, while he was a living legend. But she had a feeling—a hollow, fluttering feeling in her stomach somewhere between anxiety and a weird satisfaction—she was on it now. Probably in a bad way. Kylo Ren was one of the last men to enter the room, hood up, his trademark long, dark hair tucked safely away in his swim caps. Rey was a big enough person to admit his hair was to die for. It was his one redeeming quality. Swimmers weren’t generally known for their great hair, what with drenching it in chlorine for hours every day. She’d kill to know his haircare regimen, and he’d been asked about it enough times over the years, but he’d always declined to share. Rey figured he’d probably sold his soul to the devil for it, or something. He took his customary seat in the back corner, game face on as he scowled at nothing in particular (yeah, so he wasn’t Rey’s swimming idol, but she knew his pre-swim routine like the back of her hand—she’d spent the last decade watching it, after all). Remembering the cameras everywhere, that she was on live tv and that her reactions would now be scrutinized more than ever—not to mention she had the race of her life immediately in front of her—Rey pulled her eyes away from him and focused inward again, visualizing every stroke. She walked out onto the pool deck to deafening roars from the crowd—boosted by the fact that these games were being held on her country’s home turf. She’d done this a handful of times already, but she didn’t think the sound would ever fail to send shivers down her back, or that she’d ever be able to resist raising a hand to wave at them, grinning so widely her cheeks hurt. She took her swimming very seriously, but it was fun too—and it made her happy. Rey was in lane five since she’d had the second-fastest qualifying time, right in the middle where she liked to be. She stared at the still water in front of her as she carefully adjusted her goggles over her eyes. Her only real competition was the Russian swimmer to her right, as long as she swam as consistently as she normally did. But she didn’t want to just be consistent—not coming off her record-breaking 400m, with the eyes of the world on her. She blew out a slow, centering breath before climbing the block, silently mouthing, “I can do this.” The starting horn sounded, and she slipped into her swimming zone as she dove in the pool, somehow out of her body and intensely in her body at the same time, so focused she wasn’t even aware where she was in comparison to her competition for the first three lengths. As she turned into the home stretch, she chanced a glance on each side as she took her breaths, and even in this elite field she was at least half a body length ahead of everyone—she could really win this thing—with thirty meters left she found a sudden, hidden reserve of energy and speed and kicked it into another gear, swimming for the wall with everything she had. Her hand made contact and she was spinning to check the board, ripping her goggles off her head before some of the other swimmers had even finished. Distantly, she registered the roar of the crowd, but all Rey could see was her time on the board. She’d broken the 200-meter world record!—just by a few hundredths of a second, not as wide a margin as her 400—but she had it and another gold. Rey was beaming again, celebratory arm pump sending droplets of water sparkling through the air, then she was leaning over the divider to hug the silver medalist, climbing out of the pool like she was in a dream, waving at the crowd with both arms—and all the while she couldn’t stop smiling, chest heaving from exertion. Even facing the same reporter who’d compared her to Kylo wasn’t enough to dampen her spirits. Rey grinned at the woman like she was her best friend as she congratulated her. “It was almost like you were in the pool by yourself there for a second. That last fifty meters—what was going through your head?” “Honestly, nothing,” Rey laughed. “I knew I was in front, but then I had this second burst of energy that carried me through to the end there.” “We’re only halfway through competition, but this is on track to be the most successful swim team in Olympic history. How does it feel to be part of the golden age with three of your own golds already?” “We’re doing something really special here, I could tell even back at the trials. I can’t really describe how I feel—like a dream come true but I could never have imagined anything this incredible.” “And you’re nowhere close to done!” “Nope—I’m just getting started.” “Congratulations again, Rey.” Rey thanked her and headed for the warm-down pool, finding Finn in the crowd and blowing him a kiss as she went. The announcer started introducing the men’s relay teams as she worked her heartrate back down, and by the time she climbed out, the race was about to start, so she figured she might as well stick around to watch it. Kylo was anchoring, but the other three men were her teammates too and she wanted to support them. They won—by a narrow margin—and Kylo had his fourth gold of the games. Rey couldn’t help feeling smug that a couple of the splits had been slower than the time she just swam. It was pretty rare for a female swimmer to swim faster than her male counterparts on the same elite level—but Rey could and did swim circles around more than a few of them in training. Her phone was buzzing with congratulatory notifications as she showered and dressed after her medal ceremony, but when she was zipping up her bag Finn’s ringtone—the Peanuts theme—caught her attention. She glanced at the screen—sitting at the top of her messages, just two words: google Kylo . Huffing out a laugh, she rolled her eyes—but her curiosity got the better of her. There, at the top of the news articles: Ren breaks famous pre-swim routine to watch teammate win gold . “ What ,” Rey exclaimed aloud, looking up and around to make sure no one had heard her. She skimmed through the article—apparently he’d moved to the front row of chairs, eyes glued to the tv in the ready room. Clicking out of the article, she pulled up Twitter—which turned out to be a mistake. It crashed three times from the gargantuan number of notifications she had, but on the fourth try it finally stayed open long enough to do a quick search. There were so many pictures of him—hood still up, headphones still on—but his dark eyes were fixed intently on the screen, and he was even leaning forward, elbows braced on his knees. Rey gaped at her phone. Kylo Ren didn’t pay attention to other races, not when he had one of his own coming up. She scrolled down through more tweets—people were already turning it into a meme. Her app crashed again just as she caught sight of one that said when bae kicks ur ass —and she was actually grateful for it. She couldn’t deal with this. Shoving her phone in her pocket, she slung her bag over her shoulder, slipped her gold medal back around her neck, and hightailed it out of the aquatic center before she ran into Kylo by accident. Upon arriving back at the Olympic Village, Rey headed straight for the massive outdoor cafeteria, which was rapidly becoming her favorite thing about the games. All the food one could possibly want, from all over the world, twenty-four hours a day, all for free. T hat was a dream come true, for her especially. Happy and well-fed and in peak physical condition as she was now, there was something of the hungry child she’d once been that lingered in her still. She decided she deserved french fries to celebrate her new world record, and once she’d reached the front of the long line in front of McDonald’s, she decided she deserved a lot of fries. Shifting her gym bag more securely onto her shoulder, she piled four bags of fries into her arms and started munching on them as she caught the elevator up to her room. She passed a couple of basketball players as she exited, and that was something she thought she’d never get used to—so many famous, talented people all in the same place, and she could hardly believe she’d earned her right to be among them. “Nice job, Niima,” one of them said, holding a massive hand out for a fist bump. Mouth full of fries and eyes wide, all she could do was shift her food to one arm and return the fist bump before they’d disappeared into the elevator behind her. It was nearly midnight, but none of her roommates were back yet, so she flopped onto her bed to savor the peace and quiet, ears still ringing from the roaring crowd, and managed to munch her way through her second bag of fries before her stupid curiosity got the better of her and she whipped out her phone again. She had to restart it twice and turn off all her notifications before she could get it working properly, then she pulled up the men’s relay post-race interview, telling herself she was an idiot all the while. There was Mitaka, closest to the reporter, then Brance, Bastian, and Kylo on the far end, bare chest still heaving from his anchor leg of the race, pale skin scattered with droplets of water and freckles. His swim caps were gone, hair slightly damp and falling almost to his broad shoulders in unfairly perfect waves. Rey scowled—at him or at herself, she wasn’t sure. She could admit—at least here, in the temporary privacy of her room, to herself only—that he was attractive. Mortifying as it was to her now, she’d even had a crush on him, when she was thirteen and dumb and impressionable and he was a famous swimmer with Disney prince hair. Of course, he’d been Ben Solo back then, and maybe she had idolized him, a little, once upon a time. The reporter spoke to his teammates first—shockingly—and when it was Kylo’s turn, true to form, he didn’t smile, a little furrow between his eyebrows as he talked, but there was something...Rey brought her phone closer to her face. The tiniest upturn at the corner of his full lips, and he didn’t look happy, exactly, but he looked pleased and that was both an unusual look on him and one that seemed familiar for some reason that was escaping her at the moment, hovering unidentified in the corner of her mind. “We’ve got to thank the guys who swam in the heats today, too,” he was saying, and Rey’s mouth fell open so wide a fry fell out onto her pillow. “We wouldn’t have won this race without them.” Rey had to pause the video, blink a couple of times, and let it soak in that Kylo Ren was shifting the credit away from him and onto someone else. “Maybe miracles do exist,” she mumbled to herself, hitting play again. After the interview was over, the camera kept following him, because of course it did , and Rey’s mouth dropped open again, because Leia Organa was in the stands watching and he was headed straight for her . He’d been estranged from his family for the last five or six years, for reasons no one knew, although the consequences were all too public—a bitter split between him and his uncle, who’d been his lifelong coach, hiring Snoke as his new coach, changing his name, the fact that his famous family had never again been spotted at any of his public meets. Until now, apparently. The cameras following Kylo might as well have been invisible for all the attention he paid them as he strode across the pool deck. “And there’s his mother in the stands,” the commentator was saying, voice oddly hushed, almost reverent. “Leia Organa, a six-time medalist herself in gymnastics. And this is something—we haven’t seen this for a long time.” Kylo had stopped in front of Leia by this point, engulfing her hand on the railing inside both of his. The cameras were so zoomed in on them you could see every mole on Kylo’s face as he leant down, resting his forehead on their entwined hands. Kylo towered over his tiny mother by nearly a foot and a half, but her seat in the stands gave her a height advantage over him for once, and she bent down to whisper something against his temple where no one could hear it, brushing her other hand over his hair softly, a heartbreakingly vulnerable look on her face. Something seized up in Rey’s chest, guilt squeezing her lungs for intruding on this private moment, even though hundreds of millions of other people had intruded upon it as well. Even the commentator had fallen silent for a while. “Ren sharing an emotional moment with his mother,” he said at last, unnecessarily, a catch in his voice indicating even he was moved, and Rey was shocked to find tears pricking at her eyes, seized with a nonsensical urge to shove all the cameramen away. Kylo’s shoulders heaved as he took a deep breath in and out, and Rey held her own breath, afraid he was crying, but when he lifted his head, shaking his hair out of his face, he was clear-eyed, only the tiniest tremble of his lips betraying his feelings. Then he was leaving for the warm-down pool and finally, finally , the cameras left him alone. Rey set her phone down on the bed to scrub at her eyes, annoyed with herself for reacting like that in the first place, shoving another handful of fries into her mouth as she tried to talk herself into just going to bed and forgetting about Kylo. But she’d apparently lost all impulse control, because she was already picking up her phone again and scrolling down through the comments. There was the expected speculation that he’d reconciled with his family—or at least his mother, as many people pointed out that his father and uncle weren’t present. A few heated debates about whether he might change his name back to Ben Solo—something people seemed to have very strong feelings about one way or another for reasons Rey couldn’t fathom. The usual inundation of thirsty comments from people who wanted to fuck him. An amusing rumination about his magical hair— how many swim caps do you think he uses to protect that shampoo commercial hair??!? i’m betting AT LEAST 4. chlorine’s a bitch. WHY WON’T HE FUCKING TELL US WHAT PRODUCTS HE USES . Rey scrolled down quickly, skimming the vast majority of repetitive comments, not quite sure what it was she was looking for—until her name caught her eye, and she reversed her scrolling direction, bringing the phone closer to her face. ok i’m not some kind of weird RPFer so don’t come at me but his little smile during the interview looks JUST like his face when he was watching Rey swim. LOOK AT THE PICTURE AGAIN!!! JUST SAYING!!!! And the top reply: lol they’re fucking . A kind of unintelligible squeak escaped Rey’s mouth and she scrambled up to a sitting position, trying to identify what the strange churning in her stomach was. She wasn’t used to anonymous strangers on the internet discussing her at all, let alone speculating about who she was...sleeping with. Why would they even think that? Kylo’s relationship status was a source of constant speculation, but what kind of crazy leap of logic did it take to include her in that—based on a couple of facial expressions and antagonistic comments? So it was definitely her desire to prove to herself how wrong and delusional they were that had her pulling up all the pictures of Kylo from the ready room to study his facial expression more closely, and she was right , it was just his usual brand of brooding intensity—he was probably scowling, in fact, how could they not see that?—and Rey actually zoomed in on his face, a hysterical little giggle escaping her mouth at how ridiculous she was being—and that was definitely...not a scowl. “Damn it,” she muttered, tamping down the weird flutter in her chest with all her annoyance at being wrong, throwing her phone down on the bed, flopping onto her back to stare at the ceiling and try to focus on the races she had the next day. Which lasted about thirty seconds before the raucous sound of her roommates returning drifted in from the living room, talking and laughing as they slammed the door behind them. “Hey you!” Greer Sonnel burst into their shared bedroom, beaming in the general direction of the gold medal still resting on Rey’s stomach. “Nice hardware!” “Thanks,” Rey grinned back at her. “Where’d you guys go tonight?” They’d hesitated about going out without Rey, but she’d insisted, not wanting to spoil their day off with her own grueling race schedule. “The Outlander Club.” Greer flipped her long black hair over her shoulder, leaning down to inspect Rey’s medal more closely. “It was great, we’ll have to go back when you can come with us.” Rey reached up to tug playfully on a lock of her friend’s hair. “You know your hair is ridiculously perfect, right? I’m stealing all your conditioner.” Greer laughed. “That’s fine, gives me an excuse to steal Kylo’s. Speaking of….” Her gaze slid towards the phone on Rey’s bed, which she realized belatedly was screen-up, still zoomed in on the picture of Kylo. Rey scrambled to grab it, clutching it against her chest, heat rising to her cheeks. Greer raised an eyebrow, amusement creeping into her voice. “Something you want to tell me?” “No!” Rey spluttered. “I just—Finn told me to look up one thing and before I knew it I spiraled down the internet vortex. I don’t want to see what they’re saying, but I do , it’s—” “Weirdly addicting, right? I get it.” Greer looked so understanding, Rey blew out a relieved breath. “I thought you were going to tell me I’m being a fucking weirdo.” Greer grinned, moving back to perch on the edge of her bed across the room. “Well, that too.” “Hey!” Rey threw a fry at her, but Greer’s reflexes were too quick, catching it midair and popping it in her mouth. “So I take it you heard what he said about you tonight, then?” Rey stared at her blankly. “No? You need to brush up on your stalking skills, Niima.” Rey’s mouth opened and closed like a stranded fish. “What? Where?” Greer shrugged. “One of his interviews tonight. We just ran into Brance down in the cafeteria and he made us watch it. Here.” She fished her phone out of her clutch, tapped it a few times, and handed it over. Rey accepted it warily, a guarded expression on her face, and clicked play. Kylo’s hair was dry, and he was in a back hallway in the aquatic center. A more informal interview, then. He had a kind of calculatedly patient expression on his face that indicated he wanted to be anywhere but there at the moment. “Kylo, I know you haven’t addressed any of the comments your teammate Rey made about you the other day,” the interviewer was saying. Kylo had that little furrow between his eyebrows again. “Which comments are those?” Rey’s mouth twitched. “Well played, Ren,” she said wryly. Greer hushed her. “Come on, man,” the interviewer pressed. “We know you’re teammates, I’m sure there’s no bad blood there, but we’d all like to hear how you feel about having such a storied career and being—some would say—criticized by a young swimmer with a fraction of your experience.” Kylo ran a hand through his hair. “I don’t think experience has anything to do with it. Rey’s extremely talented—obviously, she’s an Olympic champion three times over already. She doesn’t owe anyone an explanation for who she does or doesn’t want to be compared to.” “Kylo, your schedule is incredibly busy right now so you might not be aware just what level this has escalated to, but the world seems to think you two are having some kind of feud. Are you taking this opportunity to clear up that you are not, in fact?” Kylo raised an eyebrow, and he looked almost...amused. “No, we’re not in a feud. Rey was just stating a fact—I didn’t have two golds after my second day of Olympic competition.” “But you have four so far here, with plenty of opportunities for more.” Kylo nodded, expression turning somber again as he brought a hand up to the medal resting against his stomach. “What kind of pressure are you feeling now, as you inch closer to your grandfather’s total medal record?” Kylo was giving some rote answer about taking it one swim at a time, but Rey couldn’t concentrate on what he was saying because she could feel Greer smirking at her from across the room. “Well?” Rey paused the video, scowling at Kylo Ren’s frozen face as she muttered, “That sneaky bastard.” “What?!” Greer sounded half appalled, half on the verge of laughter. “He gave you a compliment, then defended you—twice. When have we ever heard him do that for anybody?” Rey swung her legs off the bed, sitting up and planting her feet on the floor as she turned to face her friend. “Exactly! He’s trying to make me look bad by acting super nice in front of the cameras! It’s all a ploy!” She waved a hand in the air, like the evidence to support her theory was suspended somewhere over their heads where Greer could look at it. Greer pulled her chin back, raising a skeptical eyebrow. “A ploy?” “Yes!” “Okay, explain to me—” The shrill sound of Rey’s phone ringing interrupted their conversation, both of them jumping at the unexpected noise. Rey glanced down at the screen and groaned. “It’s Unkar. I gotta take this.” She swiped to answer the call, taking no trouble to hide how annoyed she was that he was calling so late. “What is it?” “Why are you awake?” her coach all but growled on the other end of the line. Rey heaved a long-suffering sigh. “Why are you calling me when I’m supposed to be sleeping?” Unkar completely ignored the question, barking out, “The Today Show wants you tomorrow.” “Wait—what?” Annoyance forgotten, Rey sat up straighter, suddenly hanging on his every word. “The Today Show,” he repeated slowly, like she was an infant. “Ever heard of it?” Rey decided to ignore the mean edge to his tone. “Yeah, that’s great! I’m just wondering why the sudden—” “They need you on-site at 6:30 am sharp for makeup. Meet me by the elevator at 6 so we can take a cab over.” Rey pulled her phone away from her ear to check the time. “But that’s in like...less than six hours.” “Go to sleep then. And Niima...I need you on your best behavior. No gaffes this time.” “That wasn’t a gaffe,” she snapped, but he wasn’t listening. “They’re interviewing you and Kylo Ren together, live.” “Kylo R—” Rey had barely begun to form the outrage-infused sound of his last name when Unkar interrupted again. “I don’t want to hear it! This is huge, Rey, and you’re not going to ruin it. Now go to sleep.” A click, and Rey was left staring at the home screen of her phone, mouth gaping open. She squeezed her eyes shut, pressed the top of her phone to her chin, breathed out softly. “ Shit .” Notes: I know Poe and Finn and probably Rey are too short to be elite swimmers, but let's just PRETEND. Also, obviously, in this universe people like Michael Phelps and Katie Ledecky sadly don't exist. This is in no way inspired by real-life swimming drama. IN NO WAY. This is definitely not Olympics RPF. HOW DARE YOU INSINUATE SUCH A THING. I can't write without a soundtrack, so this chapter was brought to you by Golden Age by Lanks , Ava by FAMY , and American Money by BORNS . My Reylo tumblr is here . I'm just kind of throwing this fic out into the void here. I'm OBSESSED with the Olympics and this was begging to be written but I don't know how many people will even be interested in an Olympics AU so comments are EXTRA APPRECIATED :D Chapter 2 : Part II: The Interview Notes: The rating change isn't for this chapter, but it is for LATER :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) By some miracle, Rey managed to drag herself out of bed after only five hours of restless sleep. She wasn’t much of a coffee drinker, but she’d never felt such an extreme urge to down several espresso shots in a row. Tragically, water had to suffice, poor substitute though it was. She chugged it intermittently from a gallon-sized bottle as she stood in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to wrestle her hair into submission. Finally, in exasperation, she threw it up in what she hoped looked like an artfully messy bun, angling her face to study her dark under-eye circles, hoping the makeup team would be able to hide them. She was grateful her attire was easy, at least, throwing on her Team USA jacket and pants before dashing out the door with thirty seconds to spare before she had to meet Unkar. Her coach was waiting with breakfast for her—by all outward appearances a thoughtful gesture, but Rey knew him better than that; there was a calculated reason behind anything nice he did. In this case, he knew Rey was always grumpy on an empty stomach, and it was in his best interests to alleviate that as much as possible, considering she was on her way to do something that was going to make her even grumpier. Unkar briefed her on talking points as she inhaled her breakfast sandwich in the cab on the way to the studio. They were all expectedly bland, questions about her background, the games so far, her goals for the rest of the week. “What if they call me the female Kylo Ren again?” she asked mid-chew. “They won’t. I made it clear that topic was off-limits.” Rey swallowed, eyeing her coach dubiously. “How can it be off-limits? He’s going to be sitting right next to me .” “They’re professionals. This isn’t some tabloid trying to stir up rumors. No matter what they ask, you ,” he pointed a threatening finger at her, “are going to hold your temper. The last thing we need is a PR disaster.” Rey rolled her eyes. “I’m not going to censor myself just because of him .” “This isn’t about Kylo Ren. This is about all the endorsement deals waiting for you if you play your cards right. Or don’t you need that money?” he said mockingly. Rey was silent, because he was right and he knew it. Everything she had so far she owed to him, much as she hated it. He was the one who discovered her, continued to pay for her swimming lessons out of his own pocket as she bounced through foster families, so determined she’d become a champion and he’d be able to reap the benefits. She was attending college on a full swimming scholarship, but he probably thought she owed him for that too. Which was why she needed those endorsements—even more than Unkar knew—enough to be able to support herself, pay a new personal coach, and pay Unkar off far more than he was owed so she’d finally be free of him. Once they arrived at the studio, an assistant greeted them and whisked Rey off to makeup. Unkar wasn’t allowed to come with her, so he reluctantly slouched off to find a place in the audience after growling a string of threats under his breath for Rey to behave . She chanced a peek over the assistant’s shoulder in the doorway and was greeted by the welcome sight of two empty chairs in front of the high counter and brightly lit mirrors. But her quiet sigh of relief was cut off the instant she stepped in the room—Kylo was already there, lounging on a low white couch on the opposite wall, legs sprawled wide and one arm on the back like he owned the whole thing. His phone was in his other hand and he didn’t even lift his eyes from it to spare her a glance. Rey pressed her lips together. So that was how it was going to be. Shifting her eyes forward, she breezed past her nemesis to shake the makeup artist’s hand, greeting her with a genuine smile. She was tiny and chipper and talkative—far too talkative for the early hour, but Rey was grateful to her for diffusing the palpable tension in the room. The makeup artist asked Rey if she wanted her to do anything in particular. “Um,” Rey deliberated for a moment, studying her reflection in the mirror. “Whatever is fine. Just nothing too over the top. And if you could make this disappear that would be great.” She poked a finger at the dark circles under her eyes. The makeup artist grinned. “No worries, I got you.” She filled the silence with easygoing chatter as she worked, and all Rey had to do was smile and respond to the occasional question. If her eyes wandered a couple of times to Kylo’s reflection in the mirror, it wasn’t really her f ault —it was just so weird to have him in the room while everyone, himself included, pretended he wasn’t there. Mercifully, if the makeup artist noticed Rey’s wandering gaze, she gave no sign of it. Kylo’s makeup was already done, unless he’d rolled out of bed photoshoot-ready—which Rey wouldn’t put past him. She suddenly wished she’d done something different with her hair, left it down, maybe tried to curl it. She studied her reflection as the final touches were put on and felt satisfied enough—at least she didn’t look like death warmed over anymore. In fact, she looked the most herself she’d looked since before the Olympics started, before her grueling, stressful race schedule, and the sight was encouraging enough that it had Rey smiling. “There,” the makeup artist said. “Make sure you flash some of those on-camera. Make the most of those charming dimples.” “Duly noted,” Rey said, laughing self-consciously as her eyes landed on Kylo again in the mirror. He still hadn’t lifted his eyes from his phone, but he was doing something strange with his mouth, one corner of his full lower lip pulled between his teeth. Rey frowned, struck with the uncomfortable feeling he was holding in a laugh at her expense. “Okay, you’re all set!” the makeup artist said brightly. “Stay here, I’m gonna go find the sound guy so he can get your microphones set up.” And just like that, she left Rey with Kylo. Alone. Rey blinked at her reflection, a nervous buzzing in her veins as she deliberated over what to do. She probably shouldn’t say anything, she should just sit there in silence like he clearly wanted, she—planted a foot on the floor and spun her chair around the full 180 degrees it took to face him. “Hi, Kylo,” she said frostily. For one endless, infuriating second, she thought he was going to ignore her. But then he dragged his gaze from his phone to her face, letting it wander up her body on the way. Rey suppressed a shiver when his always-intense dark eyes fixed on hers, her hands reflexively gripping the arms of her chair, posture defiant. “Hello, Rey,” he said at last, voice deep and languid. “What the fuck is your problem?” she snapped. Kylo raised an eyebrow, and there was that expression of faint amusement again. “ My problem?” “Were you planning on ignoring me during the interview too, or do you only play nice for the cameras?” Kylo didn’t move from his relaxed slouch, but his hand twitched on the back of the couch, fingers curling inwards to his palm. “I was under the impression you’d prefer not to speak to me until it was absolutely necessary,” he said stiffly. Rey gave a sharp shake of her head, face scrunching up in confusion. “Why would I prefer that? Look, I don’t wanna be here any more than you do—probably less, in fact—but I’d appreciate it if you could stop acting like an asshole until we get this interview over with.” Kylo sat up straight then, arm falling to his side as he clenched his hands together in his lap and scowled. “Nice to know being considerate of your feelings makes me an asshole,” he said sourly. “No,” Rey spat out. “Making assumptions about my feelings makes you an asshole.” “Assumptions?” Kylo reared his head back haughtily, and despite the anger sparking hot in her chest, Rey couldn’t deny he looked every inch the Olympic royalty he was. That thought just made her angrier. “Assumptions are hardly necessary when you’re publicly sharing your opinion of me to anyone who’ll listen,” he said scornfully. Rey’s mouth opened and closed, righteous fury stealing her ability to speak for a moment. “That was one time!” she spluttered. “It’s not my fault they tried to make my win about you !” “Nor is it mine,” he said heatedly, then pressed his lips together like he was holding in something else he’d been about to say. The makeup artist took that opportune moment to burst back into the room with the sound guy, before Rey could come up with a retort. “Hey!” she said brightly, but her eyes shifted between the two athletes with a hint of anxiety. “Everything okay in here?” “Everything’s fine,” Kylo said dismissively. Rey slumped back in her chair, crossing her arms over her chest. “Just dandy.” She stayed like that, watching in silence as Kylo stood up so the sound guy could wire him for his microphone. Her eyes traced the path of Kylo’s hand as he unzipped his team jacket, but then he was lifting the t-shirt underneath so the wire could be threaded up the back—and Rey was suddenly confronted by the pale expanse of his abs, very much at eye level and far too close for comfort—so close she could almost have reached out a hand to touch them. Not that she would ever do that. Rey bit her lip, quickly averting her eyes to focus on a painting on the wall instead, suddenly finding the abstract green swirls that composed it worthy of intense study. The rustle of Kylo putting his jacket back on signaled it was safe for her to look again, and Rey shot to her feet, unzipping her own jacket and dropping it on the chair behind her with a bit more of a flourish than was strictly necessary, seized with some perverse urge to level the playing field. She grabbed the hem of her t-shirt, already hiking it up her stomach when she shot a sidelong glance at Kylo—and a thrill of victory surged through her veins when she caught his gaze on her newly bared skin, no trace of his usual casual arrogance to be found. And maybe it was the novelty of wiping that insufferable look off his face, or the bizarre sort of power she felt from having his eyes suddenly riveted on her—whatever it was, she kept lifting her shirt, nearly to the line of her bra and Kylo’s eyes widened, shooting up to her face, and Rey grinned , raising her eyebrows as if in challenge, and Kylo— —turned and stalked out the door. Rey considered the empty doorway he'd just vacated, bemused, until the microphone setup required her full attention, and she obligingly moved her shirt where necessary, tipped her head to the side as directed, rotated her torso to ensure everything was firmly in place, then donned her jacket again just as the assistant who’d first greeted her reappeared to lead her down the hallway. It turned out their interview wasn’t until about halfway through the show—something no one had bothered to tell Rey earlier—and so she found herself summarily deposited in yet another room to wait. This one had two couches and several chairs, a coffee table piled with magazines, and an enormous TV on the wall which was playing the show live. Rey ignored it all and made a beeline for the snacks in the corner, grabbing a muffin and deciding she deserved a cup of coffee after all. She turned around after she’d poured it, propping her hip against the counter as she blew on the steaming liquid and glanced over the rim at Kylo, who was gracefully sprawled at the end of one of the couches, gaze fixed on the TV. Rey took in her seating options, considering, then threw herself down on the other end of Kylo’s couch before she could lose her nerve, propping her feet up on the coffee table and grabbing a magazine to flip through. It was perhaps a dramatic enough gesture to grab his attention, but she didn't want to risk looking up to check, instead taking what she hoped was a nonchalant bite of her muffin, flipping magazine pages noisily, determined that she wasn’t going to be the one to speak first this time. Several minutes of silence passed between them, broken only by the voices coming from the TV and the silky slide of magazine pages. Rey left it sitting open in her lap so she could give her muffin the full attention it deserved while she devoured the rest of it, then glanced down at the page as she was chewing her last bite—and this was either the most unlucky day or else she was just eternally c ursed to endure Kylo everywhere she looked, because it was open to a full black-and-white Giorgio Armani spread, featuring the man currently sitting on the opposite end of the couch from her. He was wearing a suit that probably cost more than her tuition for a semester, hands in his pockets, hair artfully tousled, the barest hint of scruff on his jawline, gaze fixed soulfully off into the middle distance. Rey’s mouth twitched, caught somewhere between annoyance and amusement. “I hate that cologne,” Kylo said, in what he probably thought was a conversational tone. Rey turned to look at him. His expression was carefully neutral, like he was attempting to put their earlier argument behind them. Well—if he of all people could do that, Rey could too. She peeled the sample open, lifting it to her nose—which immediately crinkled as the scent hit her. “It’s...pungent,” she offered, diplomatically. Kylo snorted softly, and she shot a surprised glance at him, having never heard such a noise escape his mouth before. “Why are you the face of it then?” she asked, careful to keep her tone curious instead of combative. “Your actual feelings towards a product have little to do with endorsements. You’ll find that out soon enough.” Rey frowned. She hadn’t actually thought about that before, too focused on the prospective money they offered, which she needed so badly. “That seems….” “Disingenuous? Such is the nature of advertising,” Kylo said wryly. Rey turned to look at the spread again, suddenly robbed of some of its glamor. To the casual observer, Kylo’s expression was all model-worthy, graceful nonchalance, but with this new information, it could almost be...boredom. She’d always been told the patina of fame was just that—an illusion—but it was one thing to know that and another thing entirely to experience it. “I imagine you’ll find that particularly difficult.” Rey’s eyes darted up to find he’d been watching her study his image on the page. “Why?” she demanded, chin jutting out, defiant. There he was making assumptions about her again. “Because you’re honest.” That strange, small smile was hovering at the corner of his lips again. “Refreshingly so.” And somehow—despite herself—Rey was grinning back. “And you’re prevaricating. You mean I’m blunt.” “If that’s what you want to call it.” Kylo shrugged. “Don’t worry, it’ll be media-trained out of you before long.” There was a hint of regret in his tone, and that was...weird. “Oh, really?” Rey threw the magazine on the table, pulling a leg up onto the couch so she could turn to face him. “Like they media-trained the temper tantrums out of you?” She’d half-expected that to bring back his scowl, but instead his lips twitched up even more into what could only be called a smirk. “They certainly tried.” Rey wasn’t quite sure if they was referring to his uncle or to Snoke, and she suddenly found she wasn’t brave enough to dig into that particular wound. Instead, she sighed, picking at the cuff of her jacket. “Unkar lectures me about my public image on a daily basis. You’d think he was a publicist, not a swim coach.” “That’s because he’s more interested in cultivating a celebrity than an athlete.” Rey leaned back into the arm of the couch, eyeing him dubiously. “How would you know that?” “Let’s just say I’m familiar with the type.” Kylo was solemn again, and he turned his gaze away to the TV screen, giving Rey a chance to study his profile—the aquiline nose, the full lips, the tiniest glimpse of one of the ears he’d never quite grown into through the dark tangle of his hair. There was always something so mournful about him Rey couldn’t quite understand, like he took no joy in anything he did. It was a sad way to live, and Rey felt a sudden, bizarre swell of pity forming in her chest, ridiculous as it was for her—abandoned child, poor college student, just now clawing her way to success—to feel such a thing for a child of privilege like Ben Solo. “I hear you’re looking for a new coach,” he remarked at length, though his gaze didn’t waver from the TV screen. Rey scowled. “Where did you hear that?” His mouth twitched, and he angled his head towards her. “The grapevine.” Rey raised an eyebrow, not willing to give an inch until he ceded some ground. Kylo sighed softly. “The Village is a cesspit of gossip.” “I thought it was a cesspit of orgies,” Rey shot back, then flushed, belatedly shocked by her own words. Did she just banter with Kylo Ren? He huffed out an amused breath. “That too.” Rey could feel his eyes on her, and suddenly she was having difficulty meeting them directly. She took a large sip of her coffee instead. “You didn’t answer my question,” Kylo said mildly. “That’s because you didn’t ask a question.” A muscle twitched in his jaw, and there it was—a hint of that infamous temper. Bizarrely, it set Rey more at ease. The conversational, almost empathetic version of Kylo she’d been talking to just before unsettled her far more than regular, dickish Kylo. “Fine then, how do you plan on going about finding a new coach?” Rey drummed her fingers on her cup, trying to decide whether she wanted to be forthright or not. “I don’t know. I haven’t really thought that far ahead. I need to be able to pay off Unkar first.” “You could just keep him. He’s gotten you this far; he must be doing something right.” “No,” Rey said, sharply enough that Kylo looked at her more intently, brows furrowing. “That bad?” he asked, voice gone soft, something achingly like compassion in it. Rey shifted uncomfortably in her seat. “I feel like I’m in indentured servitude. He’s always made me feel that way, my whole life.” She waved a hand in the air, trying to lighten the raw weight of that confession, but she had the odd sensation Kylo’s piercing gaze could see right through her. He was silent for a moment, before clearing his throat, not looking at her, reaching up to run a hand through his hair. Rey watched in confusion; she’d never seen him so awkward, so ill at ease. A rush of regret poured into her chest—she shouldn’t have told him that, what did he care, he was an icon, he was a dick , and she’d never been so frank with anyone about the deep wounds Unkar had inflicted on her, what was she thinking — “My uncle’s looking to get back into coaching,” he said, interrupting her panicked thoughts, and he was trying to be casual, he was trying to be cool, but she heard the choked way he stumbled over the word uncle . Rey gaped at him. “Your uncle?” “Yes, maybe you’ve heard of him?” Kylo’s voice was dripping sarcasm. Rey rolled her eyes. “I meant...isn’t he like a hermit now? Doesn’t he live on some remote island in the Pacific?” “The Atlantic.” “Whatever. Wait—are you saying I should ask him to be my coach?” A little breathless laugh of disbelief slipped from Rey’s lips. “That’s ridiculous.” “It was just an idea.” Kylo’s expression turned sullen. “Forget it.” Rey could tell he was about to withdraw into himself and send them careening right back into combative territory, which just couldn’t happen , not with their interview getting closer by the minute. “Hey,” she said, trying to sound apologetic, and when he wouldn’t look at her right away she uncurled her leg so she could poke his thigh with the toe of her sneaker. That had the effect she’d wanted—maybe even more than she’d wanted—his head jerked down to stare at her foot like it was an affront to his dignity, and Rey withdrew it quickly, tripping over herself to explain before she could make things worse. “I wasn’t laughing at your idea. I mean, I was but...I was laughing at the idea that Luke Skywalker would want to coach me . I mean, he’s...he’s Luke Skywalker, he’s a legend, like….” Rey trailed off helplessly, waving a hand in Kylo’s general direction. He wouldn’t understand how ludicrous that sounded to someone like her, not when the legend was his uncle, the legend was his entire family, the legend was him . His eyes were steady on her now, resentment forgotten. “You really don’t understand how talented you are, do you?” He sounded half-baffled, half in awe, and Rey didn’t know how to handle that—couldn’t meet his eyes—couldn’t look up from swirling the dregs in her coffee cup—couldn’t stop her cheeks from heating up to what was probably an embarrassing shade of red. Rey mumbled something noncommittal in the general direction of her cup, stalling for precious seconds to compose herself enough to shift the topic away from her. “If he’s coming back, why doesn’t he coach you ?” “That’s not possible,” Kylo said shortly. Rey blinked, startled. “I thought—” “We’re not on speaking terms.” His tone was crisp, clinical, dismissive. Rey bit her lip, not sure how to proceed from there. Watching his emotional reunion with his mother the day before, she’d assumed he’d reconciled with the rest of his family too. And she wasn’t about to tread into the dangerous minefield that was Skywalker family drama by further questioning along that line. But Kylo Ren was sitting there right in front of her, no longer an impenetrable fortress, but a man—a man who’d already written his place in history as one of the greatest athletes of all time, but a man all the same. He’d never felt human, or particularly real to her until this very moment, sitting on the other end of the couch from him, close enough to see the sweep of his eyelashes as he looked down, the distracted tug of his fingers on his jacket zipper, the soft black waves of his hair only an arm’s length away—and Rey was filled with a sudden burning curiosity . “Why is Snoke still your coach?” she blurted out before she could think better of the question. Kylo’s head angled towards her and he just stared at her. Rey stared back, unblinking. “He’s far worse than Unkar, from what I’ve heard. And it’s not like he’s made you better—you were just as good in Rio as you were in Tokyo.” There was more too—things she didn’t quite know how to put into words—the rumors that Snoke was largely to blame for Kylo’s estrangement from his family, Kylo’s mysterious lack of a personal life, suspicious gaps in Snoke’s history that left many people sure he had ties to criminal organizations, the unsettling shiver that crawled down Rey’s spine every time she saw his cold, dead-looking grey eyes. Kylo’s jaw tensed, but he was evading her direct gaze. “It’s complicated,” he said stubbornly. “More complicated than being penniless and owing your whole career and hundreds of thousands of dollars to a man you hate?” There was a waver in her voice Rey didn’t like, and she tried to cover it after with a tight-lipped smile that didn’t reach her eyes. That familiar crease appeared between Kylo’s eyebrows, and he just looked at her for a long, silent moment, something unspeakably sad in his eyes, and it wasn’t pity, precisely—it wasn’t detached enough to be pity—and his near hand stretched out in her direction, the smallest, slowest of movements, and Rey’s eyes dropped to it, wary and breathless—was he going to touch her knee? Was he going to take her hand?—and she didn’t know— “Okay, you two are on in ten!” the assistant announced, popping her head in the door. Kylo jerked his hand back like he’d been scalded, and Rey leapt to her feet, awkwardly tugging at the bottom of her jacket. “Great!” She gave a bright, over-exaggerated smile and took off after the assistant before Kylo could even stand, determined not to walk next to him. During the summer Olympics, the Today Show was always filmed live on-location, outside where the audience could cluster in the background, waving signs and cheering. Rey followed the assistant out of the building, squinting at the sudden transition to brilliant sunlight, and onto a large patio ringed by perfectly manicured palm trees and set up for filming in several different places—couches on one end, raised stools on the other, a long broadcast desk in the middle—so the hosts could easily move between guests during commercial breaks. The assistant ushered Rey and Kylo over to one of the couches, which was only about ten feet from the barrier the audience was standing behind. Kylo took it all in stride as usual, giving the cheering crowd a nod and a wave before sitting, somehow managing to ignore the group of teenage girls who were squealing in his direction at a pitch that was near ultrasonic. Rey was overwhelmed. She’d been told the camera was going to cut to them before commercial break as a way to preview their coming interview, and she was supposed to be seated already with just minutes to spare, but someone was holding a handmade sign that said we love you, Rey in glittery letters, and she couldn’t help taking a moment to thank them for their support and sign a couple of autographs. She was instantly engulfed with more items than she could possibly sign in sixty seconds, though, and only managed a couple remarks of gratitude and five autographs before a firm hand on her elbow was tugging her away. The sudden increase in volume of the audience’s cheers told her who the hand belonged to without her needing to even turn around and look. Kylo bent down as he steered her back to the couch, so close a lock of his hair brushed her temple, so he could say quietly in her ear, “There’ll be time for that later. We have to hit our marks.” Rey took her seat on the near end of the couch to where the show hosts would be sitting on the couch perpendicular to them. Kylo sat next to her, a diplomatic distance away—leaving a big enough gap that another person could theoretically squeeze between them but not so far away that it would look like they hated each other. When the cameras focused on them for their brief pre-commercial shot, Rey sat up straight, a giddy smile on her face, and waggled her fingers in greeting, a jolt of euphoria shooting through her now that it was finally happening—she’d been dreading this, but she was at the Olympics , the eyes of the world were on her, she was representing her country, she'd wanted this her whole life, and it was fun . Still beaming, she glanced over at Kylo as the camera panned to him. He’d relaxed back into the couch with the easy grace of someone accustomed to the spotlight, one arm slung across the back as he lifted his other hand in acknowledgment, lips quirked into what counted as a happy expression for his usually solemn face. Matt Lauer and Hoda Kotb came over to introduce themselves during the commercial break, so warm and friendly they set Rey more at ease, leaning down to embrace her and shake Kylo’s hand before taking their own seats. Rey must have still looked a little nervous, though, perched on the edge of the couch, hands clutched in her lap, because Hoda reached over to pat her knee, reassuring her it was just a quick segment, a handful of questions and it’d be over in minutes. Rey took a steadying breath, nodding her head and running over her brief talking points in her head one more time before the cameras were rolling again, stomach churning with that familiar mix of nerves, adrenaline, and excitement that hit her just before a race. “We’re back live in LA with three-time gold medalist Rey Niima, the breakout star of these games, and of course everyone knows Kylo Ren, twenty-six-time medalist here in his fourth Olympics. Thanks for joining us today.” “Thank you, Matt, I’m glad to be here!” Rey was beaming again, so hard her cheeks hurt, and even she was surprised at how genuinely she meant it. “Rey, I’m just going to get this out of the way because I think a lot of people don’t know this—the accent.” “Yes,” Rey laughed, tilting her head. She’d been prepared for this one. “It’s not something we’re used to hearing from Team USA. I know a lot of people have watched you swim and assumed you were born here, and then they watch an interview and they’re confused. Do you get that a lot?” “Yes, all the time,” Rey said good-naturedly. “I moved here when I was six, so this has basically always been my home. I know some people lose their accents over the years, but mine’s still going strong.” “It’s adorable ,” said Hoda. “So many athletes train and live here, but then they go back to compete for their home countries.” Matt was smiling broadly. “Now that you’re an Olympic champion, you think the UK might try to poach you?” Rey laughed again, darting a coy glance at the camera. “Maybe, they might try . I can’t say they’d succeed .” “Well, we’re relieved to hear that!” Hoda said. “Okay, I know you’ve already been asked a thousand times about your medals and your world records, so tell us what else you’ve been enjoying the most here.” Rey was prepared for this question as well, but she’d been saving her answer to be natural, unrehearsed. She drummed her fingers on her knees. “Hmmm. Everything, just everything. All the talented, inspirational people I’ve been able to meet, to watch compete.” In what she felt was a very magnanimous move, she slid her gaze to Kylo, giving him a small smile, neatly including him in that group. She could play nice for cameras, too. His mouth twitched, and he looked vaguely amused. “Also…” she grinned at the hosts again. “I’ve got to say...the free french fries.” They laughed heartily at that, then turned their attention to her teammate. “Kylo, we all loved that sweet moment you shared with your mom last night.” Kylo nodded, a little awkwardly, leaving Rey wondering if he'd been assured beforehand that they wouldn't broach that topic only to be caught off-guard now. “I honestly got a little teary-eyed. Hoda saw me, she can tell you.” Hoda nodded, looking at the camera mock-seriously. “It’s true, he did.” “Was she just here for that one race? Or can we expect to see her again?” “She’s here for the rest of swimming competition, until Saturday at least. I think she’s been trying to catch some gymnastics too when she gets a chance.” Kylo’s tone was colored with a complex stew of emotions, studied nonchalance masking a guardedness underneath, a hint of protectiveness that Rey could tell wasn’t about his own privacy, but his mother’s. It was unexpected, it was startling, it was...weirdly endearing. She kept her face carefully blank as she worked through that mental process, a small, polite smile hovering on her lips as she watched him, all too aware of the cameras focused on her. “Kylo, you’ve got probably three more finals ahead of you,” Hoda was saying. “And you’re only two medals shy of tying your grandfather’s medal record. The greatest Olympian of all time. There’s a very real possibility you might break it at these games. The pressure you’re feeling must be enormous right now.” Kylo kept his eyes on her face while she spoke, brow furrowed, nodding his head solemnly, clasping his fingers loosely between his spread knees. When he answered his tone was low, thoughtful. “Yeah, yeah, definitely. I think the worst of the pressure comes from myself, to be honest. I’ve had years to learn how to shut out all that outside noise, just focus on one race at a time. But when it comes down to it, you can’t escape from your own head.” His mouth tipped up into a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. The hosts nodded sympathetically. “You have your heats today for the individual medley, and if all goes as expected, a much-anticipated rematch with Ransolm Casterfo in the final tomorrow. How are you going to approach that race differently than you did in Tokyo?” Kylo sat up straighter, mouth tightening almost imperceptibly before he spoke. “You know, I’ve been asked so many times what I think I did wrong in that race. I’ve asked myself the same question, and I don’t really have an answer. It just wasn’t my day.” He shrugged his broad shoulders, a little stiffly. Rey bit her lip to hold in a smile. He was playing it cool but she could tell he was still door-punchingly mad about it. “I’m just going to go out there and swim my best, Casterfo always brings his A-game, and hopefully it’ll be an exciting race everyone will enjoy no matter the outcome.” Oh, he was good. He was really good. A decade-and-a-half-long competitive career, and maybe the temper tantrums had finally been media-trained out of him. “Well, we’re definitely looking forward to it,” Hoda said. “Watching both of you swim, breaking records, making history, it’s such a pleasure. Thank you .” Rey and Kylo both smiled and nodded their thanks, and Rey thought they were done, but Hoda grinned, a little mischievously. “Okay, I know you both need to get ready for your races today, but just one more thing before you go. You’ve both gone viral a couple of times already this week…” Rey shot Kylo a wary, panicked look, and he appeared just as flummoxed. This definitely hadn’t been on their talking points. Rey’s heart was beating a mile a minute, she wasn’t prepared for this, what was she going to say — “I’m not going to ask you about that, but I have to ask you to take a selfie together for us, because it’s going to break the internet.” Rey released all the breath she’d been holding in her body, probably far too visibly relieved, but she couldn’t help it. A selfie was nothing compared to the minefield that was unprepped live interview questions. “Yeah, of course!” Rey said, smiling again. She risked a glance at Kylo, who still looked a little out of his depth. Hoda held out her phone, and Kylo raised his hands in helpless protest. “I’m going to let the teenager take it,” he said, and his voice was deep and laced with a sort of teasing warmth Rey had never heard from him before, and it was so startling she forgot about the cameras, she nearly forgot who he was—and she made a face at him. “Only for a few more weeks!” she protested, and Kylo was squinting over at her, looking immensely pleased with himself, a lopsided smile easing onto his face, and there —Rey glimpsed a flash of teeth , and her stomach did a strange flip. She looked away quickly, grabbing Hoda’s phone and holding it out in front of them at a flattering angle. Kylo scooted closer to her so they could both fit in the screen, the warm side of his torso pressed firmly against her arm as he drew his own arm out of the way behind her. Rey snapped three pictures—her smile was bright, all teeth and dimples. His was close-lipped again, but wide enough that little lines appeared around his mouth and eyes. Then the interview was over—the hosts thanked them and briefly previewed their swim schedules for the rest of the week for the audience, then the camera was panning over them one more time. Rey blew it a kiss and gave a cheeky wink, relieved to have the interview out of the way but euphoric that it had gone so well. Kylo had been right—they had about ten minutes to greet the fans clustered behind the barriers before that section of the patio was needed for filming again, so they split up, each starting on one end. Rey lingered by a little girl who was looking up at her shyly. “I’m a swimmer too,” she said, giving Rey a charming, gap-toothed smile. “You are?” Rey was delighted. “What’s your favorite stroke?” “Freestyle,” the girl all but whispered. Her mom slipped an arm around her little shoulders. Rey’s heart gave a painful clench at the gesture. “You’re her hero ,” the girl's mom said. “She talks about you all the time, she wants to be just like you.” Rey leaned down, bracing her hands on her knees so she could be at eye level with the girl, whose face had turned bright red. “I expect to see you competing in the pool with me someday,” Rey told her, grinning. “I bet you’ll beat me. Should we get a picture now so we can remember the first time we met?” Rey leaned over the barrier to take the picture, then she continued down the line. She and Kylo had almost covered enough ground to meet in the middle, but he was currently occupied with the group of squealing teenagers who had eyes only for him, so Rey hung back, taking extra pictures with the group before them. There was a hesitant tap on her arm and, turning, she saw it was one of the girls. “Sorry, can I get a picture with you too?” Rey smiled. “Yeah, of course!” The girl snapped the selfie, then her eyes darted to Kylo and her friends before she leaned closer to Rey and said quietly, “That was really cool what you said the other day when they compared you to him, about just being yourself.” Rey’s eyebrows shot up, but she was pleased. “Thank you.” “Also…” the girl bit her lip, looking hesitant for a second, then lowered her voice even further. “I know you’re probably not, but...I think you guys would make a really cute couple.” The words came out in one breathless rush, followed by a bright, nervous smile, then she was gone, re-immersing herself back in her group of friends, leaving Rey stunned, blinking in confusion, mouth open silently around the half-formed words cute and couple . By the time she’d recovered herself, Kylo was nowhere to be seen and Unkar had reappeared to usher her out of the studio and into a cab that would take them straight to the aquatic center, and all the while Rey was too dazed to even process the strange events of the morning, let alone listen to her coach’s growled instructions for her 100 free heats that afternoon. The rest of the day passed in a blur. Rey easily qualified for the 100-meter freestyle final the following day, and she nabbed her fourth medal, a silver, in the 4x200 relay that evening. Greer had also won a silver medal in her 200-meter butterfly, and Poe had claimed his first individual gold of the games in his breaststroke final. Kylo won gold again —of course—in his own 100 free final, now just one medal shy of Anakin’s record, and Rey didn’t doubt the media was fawning all over him once more, but she didn’t have the energy to pay attention to anything other than his new world-record time on the board before she left the aquatic center, exhausted from a long day of swimming several heats and a final and wanting nothing more than to collapse into bed. She pulled her phone out of her pocket once she was settled in her seat on the bus back to the Village. It’d been off all day so she could concentrate on competition, and she powered it on now, warily. There were fewer notifications than the previous night when she’d won gold, and the night before that when she’d dissed Kylo, but still hundreds more than she had the energy to look through at the moment. There were a couple of missed phone calls, though, and a voicemail—which was weird enough to catch her attention. Nobody ever called anyone these days. The number was unlisted. Rey frowned down at her phone for a second, baffled, before her curiosity got the better of her and she pushed play, bringing it up to her ear— —and nearly dropping it in shock when she heard the voice on the other end. Hi Rey, this is Luke Skywalker. I know you’ve had a busy day so don’t worry about calling back right away, but I caught your relay tonight and that split you swam, I’ve never seen anything like it. I’ve been told you’re in the market for a coach, so if you wouldn’t object to an out-of-practice old man throwing his hat in the ring, give me a call back when you get a chance. Notes: The smile Kylo has in the selfie is basically this smile because I'm TRASH. The soundtrack for this chapter was I Don't Even Care About You by MISSIO and Goldfish by Until the Ribbon Breaks . I'm going on vacation for almost two weeks so the next chapter is going to be a little more delayed (PLUS the chapters in this fic are turning out super long for some reason) so bear with me, and please drop a comment if you're enjoying it! Chapter 3 : Part III: Luke Skywalker Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey listened to the voicemail three times before her brain could process any of the words except Luke Skywalker , and then a couple more times after that to reassure herself that the voice on the other end did indeed belong to her swimming idol, that it wasn’t some elaborate prank. She’d watched enough of his interviews over the years to recognize the wry, self-effacing humor in his tone, the earnestness beneath it that had defined so much of his early career. It was him. Luke Skywalker had called her, and said— It was only then she realized she’d been in such a haze of disbelief she still hadn’t caught the actual substance of his words, so she listened again, intently, eyes squeezed shut so she could fully soak them in. He was offering to coach her, and treating it not like the impossible dream it was to her but like he was just another person in the running for a competition that didn’t even exist . She stared, unseeing, at her phone, trying to put her thoughts into some semblance of order, focusing on the weary ache in her muscles to convince herself that she hadn’t fallen asleep in her seat and dreamt the whole thing. By the time the bus arrived back at the Village, she’d mostly recovered from her initial shock, and the innate, practical side of her brain had taken over. Her stomach was growling furiously, but she bypassed the cafeteria and headed straight up to her room, needing privacy and quiet. He’d assured her there was no rush, but the abandoned child in her was screaming that when opportunities like this came by, you didn’t allow them even a second to slip through your fingers. At the moment, she still didn’t have a plan, or money, or the ability to get rid of Unkar, but she could at least talk to Luke, and waiting til the morning didn’t seem like a way to properly demonstrate to him how enthusiastic she was about his offer. Rey drummed her fingers on her phone, checking the time and considering. She had no way of knowing where he was, but if he was at home on his freaking private island , it’d be sometime very early in the morning there. But what if he was somewhere else? Waking up her prospective coach in the middle of the night didn’t seem like the best first impression to make. Stalling for a moment, she added the number to her contacts, gaping at her own fingers as they typed in his name, brain short-circuiting at the very idea of Luke Skywalker casually existing in her contacts list alongside all her friends and acquaintances. But there it was—and she had no excuse to delay any longer. She had to do something . Huffing out a shaky breath, jiggling her knees up and down, Rey pressed his name and brought the phone to her ear before she had time to second-guess herself. “Hello?” His voice was warm on the other end, no hint of sleep in it, and Rey’s answer stuck in her throat for a second at the sheer enormity of the moment. “Hi, Luke? It’s Rey. Rey Niima. Just—calling you back.” The words rolled off her tongue so quickly it would be a wonder if he managed to decipher them. “Rey! I didn’t think I’d be able to get a hold of you so quickly.” “Yeah, well.” She laughed nervously. “It’s not every day Luke Skywalker phones you.” “It’s not every day a swimmer who’s just shattered several world records calls me . I take it the quick call-back means you’re considering my offer?” “Of course! More than considering, I’m—” Rey bit her lip, trying to dial back the enthusiasm a little, considering she couldn’t actually promise anything at the moment. “I’d say yes right this second if I could, but there are some things I have to work out first. I just wanted to talk to you right away so you’d know this is like...a dream come true.” Luke chuckled. “You didn’t even let me give my sales pitch.” Rey let out a startled laugh. “You don’t need one!” “I’m flattered, but I just want you to understand...I’m rusty. I haven’t coached anyone since Ben.” There was a pause. “Kylo,” he added, the name sounding awkward in his mouth, as though he’d never said it before. “And that didn’t end well.” “I’m not...him,” Rey hastened to say, nothing but sincerity in her voice, although the sheer absurdity of that statement wasn’t lost on her. “I know that. I just want you to be aware of what you’d be getting into. I’ve got...coaching baggage. But I love the sport and watching you swim has made me passionate about it in a way I thought I’d never feel again. I don’t know you yet, Rey, but you’ve got this rare combination of raw talent, dedication, and exuberance that just shows , even to a stranger watching you on a screen.” Rey’s mouth opened and closed. “Thank you,” she said finally, unable to muster a better answer to the unexpected compliment. “I was thinking of flying in for the rest of competition so I could watch you in person. Would that be okay with you?” “Would that be okay ? With me ?” Rey repeated blankly. “Are you joking?” Luke chuckled again. “Nice to know we’re mutually starstruck. Makes my unsolicited offer a little less awkward.” “It’s not awkward at all,” Rey said firmly. “Good. I just want you to think about this for a second though. The press is going to notice I’m there. They’ll probably assume it’s for my nephew, but if you need to keep this discussion a secret from the world for the moment, it’s a little risky. Rumors might get out, and there could be repercussions with your current coach.” Rey considered that for a moment. “It’s risky for you too. It’s probably going to set the media talking about your family again.” Luke sighed softly. “I’m afraid that happens anyway, no matter what any of us do.” “Fair point. Okay...I’m game if you are.” “Deal.” Luke sounded pleased. “I’ll be there in time to catch your 100 free tonight. Er, tomorrow night, for you.” “Awesome!” Rey clutched her phone tighter in her fingers. Her palm was sweating. “Um, also, this is a bit awkward, but I feel like I need to say it now. When I said I need to work some things out first, it’s more than just letting my coach go. I have to wait and see if I get any endorsements once the games are over, I’ve got a lot of expenses and—” “Rey,” Luke interrupted gently. “I don’t want your money.” “But…” Rey tugged her free hand through a tangled section of her hair. “What?” “I don’t want you to pay me.” “You’re not—you’re not offering to coach me for free .” “No, I’m not offering. Those are my terms.” Rey blinked several times. “I can’t—that’s not—” “Rey.” His voice was soft, but stubborn. “I’m talking to you from my private island right now, and when I hang up, I’m going to get on my private plane to fly to LA. The last thing I need is more money. I need something to do .” There was no arrogance in his voice, it was all world-weary matter-of-factness, and by the time he got to the end, it almost sounded like a plea, like Rey would be the one doing him a favor. And maybe she hadn’t been entirely honest before, maybe some small part of her was like Luke’s nephew, because a swell of injured pride flared up in her chest. She didn’t want to feel like a charity case—she’d spent her whole life feeling like that. She could do it on her own—she could —she could make her own endorsement deals, pay off Unkar, pay Luke. She didn’t want anyone’s pity. But then a small, guilty part of her pushed back against the pride. Accepting kindness isn’t a weakness , it whispered, sounding a lot like something Finn had told her in those early days when he first came bursting into her life like the sun breaking out from behind clouds on an overcast day. She’d spent so long with her walls up, always on the defensive, afraid to trust, afraid to accept anything in case it had strings attached. And she was learning, she was trying so hard to learn that, but it was a slow process, and this—this might be a good step along the way. A life-altering step she’d be an idiot not to take. “What do you say?” Luke prompted. “I say,” Rey drew the word out, chewed on her lip for a second, then grinned. “I can accept that for now. We can discuss it more later.” “I had a feeling you’d say that.” Luke sounded amused, not annoyed, and Rey was about to ask what gave him that feeling when he’d never even met her, but Luke was speaking again. “Well, you should get some sleep, and I’ve got a plane to catch.” Rey thanked him and wished him a safe trip, then was left gawping at the icons on her phone, still attempting to process what had just happened in the last ten minutes. In a week full of incredible accomplishments and overnight fame and surreal experiences, that short conversation was perhaps the most difficult to believe of them all. A rumbling growl interrupted Rey from her stunned reverie, and she pressed a hand to her stomach. If nothing else, she could always rely on her body to bring her back to earth. Finn. She wanted to tell Finn. She flicked her messages open, typing a quick text. hey where are you? Her phone buzzed mere seconds later, twice in a row. cafeteria better get your butt down here peanut or i’m gonna eat all the fries Rey grinned and shook her head. be there in a sec Normally it would be next to impossible to locate one person in the massive outdoor cafeteria, overflowing as it was with thousands of athletes from over two hundred countries. But her best friend was endearingly predictable, and she found him in his usual spot, sitting across from Greer and rifling through the food piled high on her tray, clearly on a quest for something in particular. His face lit up as he seized a fish taco, but he’d only managed to withdraw it a scant few inches before Greer rapped sharply on his hand. “Hey,” she groused, but there was no heat behind it. “Get your own food!” “Flounders keepers.” He grinned around a mouthful of taco, delighted with his own terrible pun. “Hey, peanut,” he greeted Rey as she slid into the empty seat next to him. “Hey, where’s Poe?” She grabbed a handful of fries from Finn’s tray and shoved them in her mouth. Greer laughed and shook her head. “What is it with you two and stealing other people’s food?” “Habit,” Finn said, and while there was humor in his voice there was a quick flash of somberness in his eyes. You could take the kid out of the foster system, but you couldn’t take the foster system out of the kid, the deep thread of shared pain upon which Rey and Finn’s relationship was based. His smile reappeared a second later, though—Finn had always been better at letting things go than she was. “Poe’s still doing interviews. Gold medalists are in demand. Not that you two silver medalists would know that.” He gave an exaggerated wink, and Greer chucked a crumpled-up napkin at him. Rey distractedly listened to their sniping for a few minutes, still running through her conversation with Luke over and over in her head, unaware it was affecting her outwardly, body practically vibrating with the secret she was holding in, until Finn placed a warm, steadying hand on her jiggling knee. “What’s up, Rey?” He raised an eyebrow, a smile playing at the corner of his lips, but there was concern in his eyes. “Something good. Something great.” Rey grinned, partly to put his worries to rest, partly because she couldn’t help it. If she was thinking rationally, she’d keep the news to herself at this point. The more people who knew, the greater likelihood it might leak out to people who shouldn’t know it, especially since nothing was settled for sure at the moment. But fuck rationality—she couldn’t keep news like this a secret from Finn. Rey shot a quick glance around—no one was paying any attention to them—and leaned over the table towards her friends. “I just got off the phone with Luke Skywalker,” she said, eyes wide and disbelieving as she spoke the words aloud for the first time. “He wants to be my coach.” Her friends gaped at her for a second, blinking as the news soaked in. Greer recovered first, breaking into one of her dazzling smiles. “That’s awesome!” Finn whooped and looped an arm around Rey’s shoulders, squeezing her in close against his side. “That’s my girl!” Rey grinned into his shirt as he mussed her hair, peering around his arm at Greer as she asked, “You said yes, right?” Finn let her go so she could give them a quick recap, concluding with Luke’s plan to fly in for the last few days of competition, only leaving out the part where he insisted she not pay him, because Rey’s pride had limits . Finn sat back in his chair, rubbing the back of his neck and looking gobsmacked. “Wow, I think the most flattering part is that he’s willing to risk all the media exposure just to see you in person. Also, you know, to stop being a hermit for you.” Rey laughed and shook her head. “Right? I don’t know how I got so lucky.” “That’s not luck, that’s skill , baby,” Finn said, nudging her playfully on the arm. “Stop,” she protested, embarrassed even as she beamed at the compliment. “Hey, how do you think he got your number?” Rey’s mouth opened, then she snapped it shut, forehead furrowing into a thoughtful frown. The last half hour had been such a whirlwind she hadn’t stopped to think about it. “I...I don’t know. He didn’t just have my number, somehow he knew I was looking for a new coach. I’ve hardly told anybody that, just—” Rey turned to Greer, who was by all appearances taking an innocent sip of water, but when she set the cup down a strange little smile hovered at the corner of her mouth. “Greer?” Rey said suspiciously. “What?” Greer was all wide-eyed innocence. “I don’t know Luke Skywalker.” But Rey’s mind was racing, slotting all the puzzle pieces into place to get a full picture. “No, but you know Han Solo and Leia Organa. And Kylo Ren .” Rey planted her palms on the table, leaning forward, eyes intent on Greer’s face as she searched for any flicker of anything . Greer could be difficult to read even at the best of times, but to Rey’s surprise, she gave up the charade easily, little smirk slowly broadening into a grin. “I told him you’d figure it out in about two seconds flat.” Rey’s mouth dropped open. “Huh?” Greer shrugged, flipping her voluminous hair back over her shoulder. “He asked me for your number.” “What? When? Why didn’t he just ask me himself?” Greer lifted her cup to her mouth again. “Why does he do any of the things he does?” "Greer!” Rey protested, suddenly desperate for information now that it was at her fingertips. Her friend sighed and set her cup down. “He didn’t want you to know, but I might as well tell you now since you figured it out yourself. Like I told him you would.” She sounded exasperated. “I had no idea Luke was going to offer to be your coach though. He just told me he wanted to put you two in touch. I thought maybe some informal mentorship kind of thing. I don’t know, I didn’t want to pry too much. I learned not to poke around in that family drama a long time ago.” Rey allowed herself a moment to process this information, propping her chin in her hand, tapping her fingers against her cheek. Finn filled the silence with his incredulity. “That’s—woooooow.” He stretched the word out to its limit. “Is this like...a parallel universe? I don’t know what’s happening right now.” “Kylo told me he’s not on speaking terms with Luke,” Rey cut in sharply. “Did he lie to me?” She didn’t know why the idea bothered her so much, why in this whole bizarre situation that was the thing she chose to fixate on. But it stung, for some reason. She’d allowed herself some brief vulnerability with Kylo, and she’d thought he’d done the same for her. “No, I think that’s true. I imagine it went like some ridiculous middle school telephone game. I gave your number to him, he gave it to Leia, Leia gave it to Luke.” Greer propped an elbow on the table, casually inspecting her fingernails. “Wouldn’t be surprising if Han and Lando were somewhere in the chain too. You can always rely on Ben to do anything as overdramatically as humanly possible.” Rey sat in baffled silence for a moment as her friends resumed eating, clearly far less bothered by these revelations than she was. Kylo had offered his uncle as a coaching option during their conversation that morning, and he’d seemed sincere enough at the time, judging by how he’d scowled when Rey laughed at the idea. And that was why she’d treated it so flippantly—because she’d assumed he was being flippant. Never in a thousand years would she have believed Kylo would actually want his estranged former coach to coach her, let alone remember their conversation and make time in his busy schedule to turn that idea into reality scarcely half a day later. And more than that—doing so must have been supremely uncomfortable for him, given the fractured state of his family relationships. And all of this for—for what? “But why?” The words burst out of her. “Why would he do that?” Greer gave her a strange look, but Rey was distracted from trying to decipher it when Finn choked on his food half a second later, and she was occupied for some time patting him on the back as he recovered. Greer silently handed over her cup of water and Finn accepted it, tipping his head back and draining it. Clutching one hand to his chest, he exchanged a glance with Greer across the table, almost like some silent thought passed between them. “I don’t suppose you’ve watched your interview from this morning.” Her tone was all calculated disinterest. Rey narrowed her eyes. “No.” “Watch it.” Finn’s voice was hoarse from his choking fit. He pounded a fist on his chest. Rey frowned, eyes darting between her friends, sensing a trap, but she pulled her phone out and searched for the video. It was still strange watching herself on a screen like this—she didn’t think she’d ever get used to it. By all appearances she’d acquitted herself well enough, hadn’t done or said anything to be embarrassed about, and though it was impossible to distance herself enough to give an objective opinion, she seemed charming enough, if a little more on the giddy side than she would like. Having gotten the obligatory self-examination out of the way, she could shift her focus to Kylo, bringing the phone closer to her face and studying it intently, like the secret behind his actions could be read there. But no great revelation was forthcoming—he kept his eyes on her while she was speaking, a faint smile hovering on his full lips—but that was just common politeness. She’d done the same when he was answering questions. The only small shift she noticed was that there seemed to be something softer about his face when he was listening to her speak—his jaw firming, his eyes becoming more guarded when it was his turn. But that was only natural, considering the personal line of questioning the hosts had taken. Rey looked up. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to be looking for.” Her friends exchanged a glance again. “Stop doing that,” Rey protested. “Peanut,” Finn sighed, like he was breaking some difficult news to her. “He likes you.” “ What ?” The word escaped Rey’s mouth as an embarrassing squeak. “That’s—that’s ridiculous .” Finn hadn’t clarified his words; maybe he didn’t mean in that way, but Rey felt her traitorous cheeks growing heated anyway, the bright lights scattered around the edge of the night-darkened cafeteria doing nothing to hide her reaction from her friends. She swiveled a beseeching gaze towards Greer, that unflappable fount of common sense—to no avail. She just shrugged, unabashed. “I’ve never seen him look at anyone like that. And I’ve known him a long time.” Rey propped an elbow on the table, pointing an accusing finger at Greer. “See, that just shows how preposterous your argument is. Kylo Ren doesn’t look at anyone . When was the last time he went out on a date publicly, like ten years ago?” Rey sat back in her chair, crossing her arms over her chest triumphantly. Greer looked bemused. “You realize that doesn’t actually prove your point, right?” Rey decided to ignore that, jutting her chin out stubbornly instead. Greer bit her lip to hold in a smile. “You should probably just admit the ruse is up.” She nodded towards Rey’s phone where it was sitting on the table, even though the screen had gone black by now. “You two weren’t acting like people who hate each other. You were flat-out teasing each other by the end.” “That’s—” Rey spluttered, and didn’t finish the thought because she couldn’t quite decide what it was. “You two are delusional .” “So’s the internet, then,” Finn pointed out. “What else is new,” Rey muttered darkly, leaning forward to swipe a slice of pizza out of Finn’s hand. “Everyone’s convinced you’re secretly dating.” His tone was almost gleeful. Rey scowled, albeit halfheartedly. At least someone was getting enjoyment out of all this nonsense. “They already gave you one of those dumb mashed-up couple names.” Rey stopped chewing, slid her gaze to him, and gave one slow, disbelieving blink. “ What .” Finn’s grin was dazzling. “Yeah, it’s—” “No!” Rey cut him off sharply, too loudly. The athletes sitting at the table next to them turned curious gazes in their direction. Rey flapped her half-eaten slice of pizza in the air helplessly. “I don’t want to know! This is so weird! Why is this happening?” Greer let out a breathy laugh and shook her head, but Finn finally relented and took pity on her. “It’ll pass in a few days when they find something else to talk about.” He patted her shoulder reassuringly. “It better,” Rey growled, shoving the rest of her pizza in her mouth, not caring that it made her cheeks puff out like a squirrel, just further evidence of her abysmal table manners. Shoving her chair back, she rose to her feet and planted her hands dramatically on the table. “I’m going to bed,” she announced. “You two traitors can stay here and laugh at my expense.” Whisking a bag of fries off Finn’s tray, she marched off towards the dorms. “Rey,” he protested behind her, half-cajoling, half-laughing. She flipped him the bird over her shoulder, confident he knew her well enough to interpret the gesture as her being in a bit of a huff, not genuinely angry at him, and the warm, familiar sound of his laughter carried well on her way to the elevator. Rey did go to bed—technically. She lay sprawled on her stomach under the standard-issue comforter in air-conditioned darkness, trying to will her mind to stop racing so she could get some rest. But it wouldn’t obey—there was too much to think about. Important things to think about, like her freestyle final the next day, and the fact that Luke Skywalker himself would be there in person just to watch her swim, and how exactly she should go about firing Unkar. And far less important things—why Kylo had put her in touch with his uncle, what the world was saying about the two of them, how exactly she felt about both of those things—which irrationally kept floating to the forefront of her mind. With a frustrated growl, she flipped over onto her back, legs tangling in the sheets, hand grasping blindly for her phone on the bedside table, unsure what she was going to do with it but needing to do something. By the time her mind caught up to her fingers, she was looking at the selfie she and Kylo had taken for Hoda that morning. The number of likes and retweets was staggering—Rey squeezed her eyes shut then opened them wide against the brightness of her phone screen in the darkness, sure she’d seen it wrong—but the numbers were still there, just the same. That wasn’t what she’d wanted to look at. Her eyes settled on Kylo—sunlight highlighting the perfect waves of his hair in rich shades of brown and black, smile dimpling the interesting angles of his face, surprising warmth in his usually intense dark eyes. It was beyond strange to see this man whose picture decorated the Wheaties boxes at the grocery store and more magazine covers than she could count sitting next to her, squeezed in close so they could both fit in the camera frame. Unbidden, Finn’s words echoed in her mind— he likes you —and an errant spike of heat shot to her gut and went sparking along her veins. Alarmed, Rey switched her screen off and dropped her phone back on the table like it had physically burned her. That was—not the reaction she should be having to Kylo Ren feeling anything for her that wasn’t disdain or indifference. If Finn was right—which he wasn’t —what was she supposed to do with that information? She hardly knew Kylo—had disliked the person she thought he was and was only newly coming to the realization that he might be a different person now than he used to be. She couldn’t even wrap her head around the one thing she knew for sure about him—that he’d done her a huge, life-altering favor. And that had to be what had set off this nervous flutter in her veins, because for the life of her she couldn’t figure out why he’d done it—and she knew from years of personal experience that when people did something like this they expected something in return. What could Kylo Ren possibly want from her? He had everything, and she had...next to nothing. Rey huffed out a breath, gathering the comforter closer under her chin and squeezing her eyes shut. This distracting line of thought was not going to help her perform well the next day. She shoved Kylo out of her mind and replaced him with a visualization of her 100-free final, stroke by stroke, the familiar repetition of it lulling her into a comfortable sleep at last. Notes: First, I'd like to apologize for taking so long between updates this time. I've had a super busy couple of months, and when I finally found time to write the chapter just kept getting longer and longer with no end in sight. So I decided to split it into two chapters, which works better for me but unfortunately means there's no interaction between Kylo and Rey in this chapter. Sorry :( That will be remedied next chapter! For those of you who aren't familiar with Bloodline and want to know what the characters look like, the author "cast" Priyanka Chopra as Greer and Tom Hiddleston as Ransolm (I've aged Ransolm down a few years so he's closer to Ben's age so it doesn't stretch credulity that he'd still be swimming competitively). buiana made this awesome manip of Kylo and Anakin with their medals. Thank you <333 Music for this chapter is Hands Down by The Holy Coast and An Act of Kindness by Bastille . Okay LAST NOTE I PROMISE but if you're enjoying this fic I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you check out the tv show Pitch. It's obviously about baseball, not swimming, but there are some similarities between Rey and Kylo in this fic and the 2 main characters on the show (he's quite a bit older and is a veteran of the sport, she's a rookie with the attention of the world on her, she refuses to admit she had a crush on him when she was younger, etc. lol). Plus the whole fame, social media angle, even down to Ginny telling her little girl fans to hurry up so they can play with her which is EERILY SIMILAR to something I had Rey say last chapter. I started writing this well before the show started airing and as I've been watching it I keep yelling "ARE YOU KIDDING ME???" because it's literally a sports AU fanfic brought to life. It's BEAUTIFUL, GO WATCH IT, thank you for reading, and I promise next update will be much faster <333