an offer of a lifetime Summary: Rey receives an unexpected call. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The strong smell of grease and metal stick to the walls of a tiny office that stood in front of five acres worth of pilled junk. The building was old and beat up from the elements, man-made or natural, and the inside of the building didn’t fare much better. A counter with various signs advertising local businesses or offers from the yard itself (new and decades old) taped to the panels and countertop, sat at the center of the building to separate the customers from the employees. There were no chairs, just a dusty cement floor and yellowed walls from years of grease and cigarette smoke. The windows were covered with various old, yellowed newspapers to keep the morning sun out and the small space cool. The A/C unit that protruded from the wall above the entrance to the office building was on it’s last leg; every ten minutes it turned on it sounded like it was one step closer to exploding. Rey adjusts the old 30 year old metal table fan. The blades are caked with grime and dust and the young woman is pretty sure she’s gained some sort of breathing problem from the years of exposure. The room is hot and stuffy, primarily due to her foster father refusing to open the windows or replace the aged A/C unit. She used to ask to crack the windows open, especially during the cooler months, but he would get angry and rant about the outside elements getting in and destroying the place. She looks over her shoulder, from her seated position on the old stool, at the office behind her. It lacks a door, covered only with a thick black curtain that had a large crude sign made out of red construction paper pinned with safety pins that said UNKAR PLUTT’S OFFICE in large, thick handwriting. Rey sighs, giving up on the thought of asking him if she could open up the windows. The temperature had been dropping as the days eased into the cooler winter months and she wanted to take advantage of it and with the cross breeze would have made working all the more enjoyable. Seven years. That’s how long Rey had been working at Unkar Plutt’s junkyard. It’s also the same amount of time that she had been under his foster care. She was dropped off at the age of 12 but this home had already became her seventh home. She was a product of the system, passed on to home after home, never in once place too long to have friends or develop any relationships. There were some families that were nice; she had a nice room and some nice clothes but there were also families that treated her with the barest of minimums only to collect a state check. Plutt had been one of those ‘families’. Unlike the others, he kept her under a watchful eye. Strict curfew, never allowed outside, couldn’t hang out with friends or make any… Her day started with Plutt’s business and ended with Plutt’s business. Open the store, drop the money off at the bank, go to school, come back home, get to work at junkyard -- repeat. There were days that she’d pray the social worker would come by and announced that she was going to home to a new family with a fake smile and a folder with her case file in hand. Those days never came and days became weeks and weeks became months… eventually becoming years. This was her home now. She remembered talking the social worker one day, asking why she wasn’t adopted yet. She was a sweet woman (Marlena was her name) always wearing a pantsuit with greying brown hair pulled back into a sloppy ponytail. She looked older than her age, but that was probably due to the stress of the job. It wasn’t easy shuffling lost children around in a cruel, unforgiving system. Marlena looked at her and Rey could see how she’s trying to process the question. A few moments and then the answer. A bittersweet smile: It’s harder to adopt teenagers . A blunt answer, but the way she had said made it seem sad… if not sympathetic. Regretful? Like she wish she could have been able to give Rey a stable home? Rey didn’t know how to interpret the answer. As long as the state deemed Unkar to be a good parent, she was going to stay there. If she didn’t get adopted when she was six, she doubted she was going to get adopted at sixteen, let alone eighteen. And now she’s nineteen, going on twenty and she’s still with Unkar Plutt. No longer a ward of a state; a free woman… but where was she going to go? She knew no one. She had no one. Unkar paid for her services and she had a bed to go to. Yeah, there was college but that costs money and Unkar had made it known that he didn’t have the spare change to send her off to college. There was scholarships but they weren’t full ride and Rey couldn’t swallow the notion of being burden by student loan debt. A couple months ago she saw an advertisement at a job board posted at city hall. A simple no flair piece of paper with a few lines text advertising an open house job fair for Republic Airlines. There were was various positions available such as ramp, ticketing, gate… But the one that had stood out the most amongst the positions was flight attendant. Travel the world. Visit exotic locations. Work with a company that revolutionized commercial aviation. Be apart of a legacy. Be apart of something . Be more than a receptionist at a junkyard in the middle of a desert making minimum wage. Rey had put on her best outfit, a cream colored blouse with a brown A-line skirt, and went to the open house call. Stepping into that hotel conference center, Rey was greeted to slim girls with great makeup in expensive suits were everywhere. They held themselves with such poise, as if they had already had years of experience in the industry in some capacity. Compared to them, it looked as if she came to this event like it was an afterthought. Two interviews and an icebreaker later, she left with a promise of a call back. That was six weeks ago. Now, Rey was sitting on a stool in shorts and a grease stained T-shirt trying to fix a dying table fan waiting for customers that never came to the background noise of construction equipment and clashing metals. She used to look at the phone for days on end but eventually gave up. If they really wanted her they would have called. That’s how job interviews worked, right? If you got the job, usually they called back. Unkar Plutt, a morbidly obese man who was balding despite his vain attempts to cover it with a ragged baseball cap, steps out of his office and walks over to the counter where Rey sat. His breathing was loud and strained, like the effort of standing was too much on body. He leans against the counter for support. “ I’m going out, girl.” He drawls. Rey looks at him and nods wordlessly. “ Alright.” Rey replies, resting her chin in her hand. She’s not looking at him and he scoffs. He looks like he’s going to burst out of his hawaiian shirt, sweat persperating from his armpits which soaked through his shirt. The back of his shirt was soaked with a sweat drenched imprint of his chair. With a swollen face, beady eyes, and a pudgy nose, Unkar Plutt looked like a pig sweating in the sun. He also stunk like one. He slams a fist against the register and the money tray pops out with a ching . Fat fingers grab a few hundred dollar bills. He counts them, three hundred in crumpled bills, and shoves them into the pocket of his grease-stained cargo pants. Whenever Plutt took cash from the drawer, it only meant one thing -- he was going to the local casino to gamble it all away in a game of blackjack. “ Still haven’t learned any manners have you, girl? You look at a person when they’re talking to you.” He slams the register shut and walks around the counter. His sandaled feet drag across the floor, kicking up dirt with each step. He pushes against the door and it opens with the rush of a cool winter breeze. Rey closes her eyes, greedily accepting the contact of cool air against hot skin. But like a record being ripped from its player, the door slams shut and eyelids flutter open immediately. Rey pushes herself off of the stool and walks over the door. With Unkar gone, she could open the door. She doesn’t make it far when the old phone rings. It was rare; the phone didn’t ring unless someone needed a pick up and at the rate Unkar charged for such services, they were far and few behind. Unkar made his money through scavenging and once Rey knew how to drive the truck, he immediately sent her out on the weekends to dig through garbage and find appliances and electronics that could have their metal parts salvaged and sold for top dollar at the recycling plant. She quickly runs to the counter, leans over and grabs the phone. She brings the receiver to her ear. “ Unkar Plutt’s Recovery Services and Junkyard. This is Rey.” She answers the phone like a recorded message. She can hear paper being shuffled on the other side of the call and her heart slightly races. Unkar was known to have problems with certain parties -- legal and the less than savory. “ Rey… Kenobi?” The voice, female by the sounds of it, asks. Rey’s heart stops fluttering, the fear now replaced with confusion. The last time Rey received a call was from her eleventh grade teacher two years ago. “ Uh, yes… this is her. May I ask who’s calling?” “ This is Chan Ari with Republic Airlines. I am calling to offer you a job with us as a flight attendant. We are scheduling training classes for the next few weeks and would like to schedule you in the next training class that’s starting two weeks from today.” Rey pulls the phone from her ear and stares at it for a moment. She slowly brings the reciever back to her ear. “ Wait, what?” Chan chuckles, “ You passed the interview. We’re offering you a job… are you interested?” Oh… shit. She got the job. Rey doesn’t even need to think this one over. “ Oh, maker , yes I am!” Her heart is doing flips. “ Good, good. That’s great to hear. So we’ll schedule you in the next training class and we’ll be mailing a packet with all the information in relation to training as well as our company. Your nearest airport is Jakku, right?” “ Yes.” “ Okay. Good, we fly out of there. The packet will contain all your flight information as well. Congratulations, Ms. Kenobi and welcome to Republic Airlines. We can’t wait to have you join our family.” There’s few moments before the conversation ends and Rey is hanging up the phone. She turns around and leans against the counter. With the way she’s smiling, Rey thinks her face is going to crack. Join our family . The words play over and over in her head. A family. Finally, she’s going to be apart of something that’s even bigger than herself. When she finally leaves the small two bedroom house that served as her home for the last seven years of her life with nothing more than the packet and a small rollercase, she never looks back. She doesn’t say goodbye to the man that took a check from the government in exchange for taking care of her. She quickly leaves the city of Jakku behind without a single ounce of regret. A new future lied ahead; one where she could finally feel appreciated for who she was and what she could provide as a person. When she lands at Coruscant Airport, stepping off the plane that swept her away from the desert and into the busy terminal of travelers and airline employees, Rey finally feels free to set her own destiny. Notes: So I decided to do the thing and just write a prequel story to sort of explain what actually happened in "Non-stop to Takodana". This is also planned to flesh out the character relationships a bit more. I will be updating this story once a week :) Or at least try to. Again, everyone's comments and kudos are truly appreciated and I love reading them all. Your support is what keeps me churning out these subpar stories. <3 Chapter 2 : something other than old spice Summary: The first day of training. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “ My name is Armitage Hux and I am the Supervisor of Inflight Training here at Republic Airlines.” Armitage Hux stands before an audience of newly hired Republic Airlines employees on a stage within a small auditorium. His dress is impeccable; his dress shirt and pants are crisp, his hair neatly combed back, and his shoes polished. The vest he wears only accentuates his tall stature. He watches the crowd of new recruits with a hard glance, his blue eyes seemingly colder in the spotlights shining directly from overhead. They could dress better, he thinks grimly. They could also show a bit more pride in themselves, perhaps even be a little bit more excited to be there. Especially the one in the yellow dress sitting at the far right corner of the auditorium. Where did she pull that dress from? A Sears catalogue from 1984? Hux could only imagine what type of heels she was wearing. Such a pitiful eyesore. “ I wish to welcome you all to Republic Airlines. We are a strong company made up of talented and dedicated individuals. Sitting in this room today is a testament to your very own uniqueness.” He continues effortlessly in contradiction to the inner-mind theater judging and commentating on the poor fashion of the new recruits. Hux’s Coruscant accent is rich and smooth, yet stiff and controlled. Unlike the human resources representative, Chan Ari, from earlier that insisted on playing games and selling the airline like a cheap wonder product on a home shopping network, Hux presents himself like an authoritarian in command of a platoon. Yes, Armitage is the one that developed a training course that is fun yet challenging but he was also the one that implemented the one-failure system. A notorious system that quickly eliminates new recruits from the training program if they fail more than one test. The thirty percent pass rate wasn’t a fluke. It was difficult if not borderline inhumane given the sacrifices the newly hired flight attendants had to make just to come to training. Hux was not one known for having the kindest of hearts, though. It was aptly appropriate. “ You all make up our largest class to date.” He continues, hands at his side. “ Sixty new recruits hailing from all corners of the New Republic. You all make up a diverse class and diversity is what we hold important at Republic Airlines. This year, you all will be split into two different classrooms based upon the last digit of your employee IDs. Numbers ending between zero and five will be in class 16-01. Numbers ending between six and nine will be in class 16-02.” The audience of sixty grab their employee badges that hung from lanyards around their neck. They look at the employee ID number and compare the numbers to their neighbors. Some shake hands or introduce themselves if they find out they are in the same class, some sit quietly, and others do not even bother to check. Rey looks down at her employee badge. The picture on it was less than flattering. It was taken right after she had arrived at the training facility located at Coruscant Airport and it looked like a mugshot. She didn’t even have a chance to smile. The camera snapped and before she had a moment to collect herself, she was herded off to the next station to process her working papers. She wonders if she’ll ever be able to retake the photo; she couldn’t imagine having such a horrible photo following her for the rest of her career. FN-6351. One . “ If you are in 16-01, please stand up and make your way into the lobby. You will meet your instructor and he’ll take you up to your classroom for the remainder of your training. Class 16-02, you will wait here.” The scattered group of class 16-01 stand up, awkwardly shuffling through the auditorium, some excusing themselves as they stepped over the ones that were assigned to the other classroom. Rey feels lucky at this point, having picked her seat towards the back of the auditorium and at the aisle. She quickly steps out into the large foyer that made up the training facility. The building is brand new, an attempt at the airline pushing their new green initiative. Glass windows make up most of the outer walls, encouraging natural light into the facility. Half of the power to the building is provided by solar panels on the roof. It’s an expansive building, each floor dedicated a department of the airline. Ground operations, Airport operations, In-flight… There was even a cafeteria on the top level with a chef. It was a bit overwhelming for a girl who came from a junkyard in the middle of a desert. A tall individual was standing at the head of the flight of stairs that lead up to the upper levels. He had his hands clasped behind his back and stood with a form of intimidation that seemed to make Armitage Hux look like a plaything in comparison. His black hair framed his face, long but not long enough to pull back and away from his face. It was well styled, though, his waves not in a mangled disarray but neatly styled. Upon seeing him, Rey thought that not even the wind could knock it out of order. He wore the uniform of a flight attendant. It wasn’t as crisp as Hux’s own uniform, but it complimented him none the less. His wings were slightly crooked but slightly above it was a small pin that only read, Trainer. He watched as the class approached, as if he was reading each and every one of the new trainees to find weaknesses and strengths. He figured that maybe half the class would survive training. Four of them would already be kicked out by the end of the week. Especially the one in the obnoxious yellow dress. He clears his throat and takes a step forward. “ Good morning, everyone. My name is Ben Organa-Solo and I’ll be your trainer for the next eight weeks.” If the women in the class didn’t give away what they had thought of him upon first eyesight, now they did. Some giggled while others whispered their observations on how attractive he appeared. Rey merely stood in silence, unaffected by the charm of the tall trainer. Ben eyes the class for a moment. Maybe his original estimate was wrong; perhaps six would not make it to the end of the week. “ I’ll escort you all to our classroom.” He turns around and walks over to the elevators towards the rear wall of the foyer. The class follows him, some giddy with a pep in their step while some tried to get closer to the instructor like a pack of high school girls following the star quarterback of the football team. He stops at the elevator doors and the group immediately halt, making sure to keep a distance between him and themselves. He doesn’t pay it any mind, pressing the up button. The doors immediately open after a minute. “ Please take it to the third floor and wait there for further instructions.” Half the class enter the elevator, some trying to squeeze themselves in. The doors close on the first fifteen and once the elevator begins its decent, Ben presses the up button again. The next elevator opens up and the next group files in without instruction. He looks at the remaining group; a young man, who he’s seen before, and a young woman that he had never seen before. “ Have I seen you before?” He asks. Ben raises an eyebrow but that’s the extent of his reaction to this person. “ You’re Finn.” He says plainly. Finn’s eyes go wide upon the recognition. “ The janitor here at Coruscant.” “ I’m not a janitor.” Finn slightly frowns obviously offended by the comment. He holds up his employee ID and shakes it in front to make a point. “ I’m a flight attendant .” Ben doesn’t respond. Instead, he presses the up button. The elevator begins to make its descent from the third floor to the lobby. Finn drops his badge with a grumble, crossing his arms. Yeah, he had seen this guy before. Several times, in fact, always hanging around with Hux and a pilot named Phasma. They seemed like trio from those late 90s preparatory school movies, the ones that always made bets on taking the virginity of the school’s new transfer student who’s too pure and innocent for the twisted rich class. Finn hated those types. He always thought Ben was different because he would also associate himself with Poe Dameron, another pilot within the company. With this exchange, Finn was sorely disappointed in realizing he was no different than the other two. The doors open and the two new recruits step into the elevator. Ben follows after and presses the button for the third floor. The elevator doors shut close. “ Hi, I’m Finn, by the way.” He says as he turns around, extending his hand out to Rey. She looks at him, then at his hand, before back up again. Reaching hesitantly, she takes his hand into hers and he shakes it. “ Hi, I’m Rey.” She replies. He releases her hand and sticks his hands in his pocket. “ Are you from Coruscant?” Finn asks as he rocks on his heels. “ The accent and all sounds like you’re from there.” In front of them, Ben is standing as if he’s oblivious to the conversation happening behind him. Rey can smell the cologne permeate off of his body. She can’t figure out what it is, only that it isn’t Axe or whatever stench the boys back home would drench themselves in. It’s a nice musk, gentle yet strong. Finn asks her the question again and she blinks as if she was dragged back to reality. “ Oh, no. No I’m not.” She says, slightly embarrassed at letting her mind run. “ I’m from this desert town. It’s called Jakku.” Finn nods. “ Oh, Jakku. That’s where Niima International is located.” “ That’s right. Niima is the capital of Jakku… But I live in the town of Jakku. It’s within Jakku.” She laughs weakly. “ It’s confusing. I’m sorry.” “ No, it’s not.” The two look up at the source. Ben doesn’t bother to turn around but he continues. “ It makes as much sense as Tatooine City being the capital of the Tatooine District.” The doors open. “ It’s basic geography.” Ben steps out of the elevator leaving two speechless recruits alone in the elevator. Rey scowls. Was this guy serious? Basic geography? Every time she mentioned Jakku she always had to explain that it was the town or else they all would assume she was from Niima. The door starts to close and Finn rushes forward, blocking the door. The doors jerk back and open again. The two step out of the elevator. “ Since we are all finally here, let’s head over to the classroom.” Ben says. He leads the class to the classroom. Rey and Finn trail behind the group. “ I knew of his reputation,” Finn begins, low enough for Rey to hear but out of Ben’s earshot. “ But I didn’t know it was that bad. “ Rey shrugs. “ I’ve had worst.” *** If there was a way to destroy admiration for one’s self, announcing a test of the 123 cities Republic Airlines serves on the first day of training would be one of them. “ If you weren’t aware, or forgot, this training program has a one-test forgiveness program. You can only fail once. This applies to written or verbal tests. You will only have one chance to make up. Failing that test is automatic dismissal from the program.” Ben explains from behind a podium as everyone passes the test to one another. The whiteboard behind him has WELCOME FLIGHT ATTENDANT CLASS 16-01 written with dry-eraser marker in multiple colors. It has hearts, clouds, suns, birds… all sorts of jovial pictures framing the bubble letters. It’s a stark contrast to the tall man standing in front of it with black hair in a dark navy uniform with a deadpan expression on his face. Obviously, he wasn’t the one behind the drawing, Rey thought. She takes the sheet of paper from the person in front of her and places it down on the desk. She flips the sheet over and sees a list of city names with a blank line next to them. This is where she needed to write down the airport codes. Rey glances over to her right at the person sitting next to her. The young woman is chewing on the end of her pen. She’s a frantic mess over the test. One more look around the room and it’s clearly obvious that not too many had studied the airport codes they received with their onboarding paperwork. Or, they didn’t think they were going to be tested on the first day. The panicking faces coupled with the tapping of pens against the desktops were clear indicators of the two plausible scenarios. Everyone had arrived the day before and most had went out for a few drinks to get to know each other and celebrate. Rey, on the other hand, decided to stay behind at the hotel and study. Even if she did take up on the offer, it wasn’t like she had the money to spend on drinks over greasy appetizers. “ You will have forty minutes to complete this test. Begin.” Pens against paper. Some writing faster than others. Rey continued looking at the paper as she twirled her black ball-point pen between her index and middle fingers. Airport codes were generally easy, usually being acronyms for the actual airport though some codes were based on cities or previous names of airports that used to serve as military bases during the Drone Wars nearly sixty years ago. She looked down the list, eliminating the codes that were based upon airports. Niima, Coruscant, Tatooine…. Nearly half the answers are primarily those type of codes. Next, she works through the cities with airports that had codes based on defunct military bases. D’Qar, Yavin, Endor… Ten airport codes left. The easiest of the list of codes -- the ones that were simply acronyms of the city names. Rey’s pen moves quickly through the names almost as if it’s second nature to her. Rey turns the sheet of paper over to hide her answers. She glances up at clock that sits directly above the whiteboard at the center of the room. Thirty two minutes left to finish. Looking around the room she notices backs hunched over and heads lowered as the rest of her class continue to test. From the podium, Ben watches her with interest. It wasn’t unusual to have someone complete the test early. In most cases, the person simply rushed the test and once checked, it would be covered with mistakes leading to a failure or near failure. He slowly walks around the room, weaving around the desks until he reached Rey. He stands next to her and Rey can smell that cologne radiating off of his clothes. It smells good… really good. Honestly, she didn’t understand why she liked it so much. Ben turns her paper over and goes over the answers silently. Rey doesn’t bother to look up, instead she watches his index finger go through each line one by one. If he’s impressed, he doesn’t let Rey know and for some reason the young woman is slightly disappointed. Not that she was a person who survived off of the praises of others. But she did finish the test within eight minutes and that has to account for something . It’s over salad and lemonade that Rey finds out more about this Ben character from Finn, who is talking about the man animatedly between bites of chicken and romaine lettuce. Once the test was finish, Ben had let released the class for a lunch break. Everyone was on pins and needles -- Rey quickly learned that Finn’s way of dealing with stress was to talk. A lot. “ So you mean to tell me that his grandfather started the airline?” Finn nods. “ Yeah, he started it sixty years ago shortly before the end of the war as an airmail service for the government.” He takes a sip from his lemonade. “ Then once the war ended he finally was able to get the go from the government to open it up for passenger service. Once the airline started the passenger service, Mister Skywalker became a very rich man.” “ Wait. If his grandfather’s last name is Skywalker then why isn’t he a Skywalker?” Rey finishes her caesar salad, making sure to grab every last bit of the dressing with the tiny sliver of romaine lettuce. “ That’s because of some family drama that happened between his grandparents. I don’t know the exact details, but apparently Mister Skywalker went crazy . Word is that he became this germaphobe hermit who stayed locked up in his house all day once his wife died of some illness she caught while visiting Moraband on vacation.” Finn isn’t even half finished with his salad and Rey notices this. She watches as he plays around with the croutons on his plate. Finn pushes the plate over to her. “ Really?” She asks sheepishly. He waves her away as if she asked a silly question. “ Anyway, the wife gets sick and dies. So he decides to go crazy but there’s these two kids and no one knows exactly what to do with them. I don’t understand why this happened but it did.” “ What happened?” She asks with a mouth full of food. “ One kid ends up with the governor of Alderaan and the other kid ends up with his uncle on Tatooine. Which, now that I look at it, really sucks for the one that ended up on Tatooine.” Rey mouths an oh . That was an interesting development. “ So the governor is Bail Organa, which makes his mother--” “ Leia Organa, Senator of the State of Alderaan.” Rey finishes like she just solved a decade old mystery. Finn nods with a smirk. “ Exactly. Hence the Organa in his last name.” “ Wow.” She rests her head on top of her hand, the fork hanging limply from her fingertips. “ So why is some hot shot kid like him a flight attendant . Like, if his family owns the airlines why isn’t he doing the whole executive thing.” “ The family doesn’t own the airline anymore.” Finn says as if it’s common knowledge. But it probably would be if she was already an employee of the company -- which she is not. “ His Uncle, Luke Skywalker, sold it to the government in a buyout since things weren’t looking good about ten years ago. I don’t know exactly why he sold it, but he did. His sister helped in convincing the government to greenlight the buyout.” Rey opens her mouth for a brief second. Honestly, the story wasn’t making any sense. How did the two siblings know about each other if they were raised in separate homes -- let alone different countries? She decides to pass up on asking about it and lets Finn continue. “ The airline changed names from Galactic to Republic once the buyout was complete. It’s been a public company ever since. There’s been about… five CEOs since then.” “ But why is Organa… Solo… Skywalker... Whatever. Why is he a flight attendant?” “ That? I have no idea.” Rey resumes eating her salad unimpressed with Finn’s lack of knowledge on the most important part of the story. He silently finishes his drink aware at the younger woman’s dissatisfaction. *** Only 5 people past the test. The remaining twenty five are stuck having to retake the test. Twenty five people that are one step closer to getting kicked out of training. When people in the industry say that Republic Airlines’ flight attendant training program is the hardest amongst the other airlines, they are not lying. Rey sighs with relief as she sees the passing grade on her paper. A perfect score. From the other side of the room, Finn pumps his fist with contained victory. It was an advantage having being an active employee of the airline. Once the initial shock wears off of of the trainees, they hand in their tests. No one was allowed to keep any of the tests. The rest of the day continues with a solemn atmosphere. Ben lectures about the rules and regulations of the New Republic Aviation Agency, or NRAA, and how important it was to keep their NRAA manuals with them on every flight. So many rules that it was hard for half the class to stay awake. Rey took notes as she absorbed everything taught in the lecture like a dry sponge. Failure was not an option; she was not returning to that junkyard. There was a scattered sigh of a relief once Ben concluded the day’s lessons. The group of trainees stood up, filing out of the classroom in mixed groups -- all sharing their impressions of the first day of training. Rey was still sitting, highlighting key phrases from her notes. Once satisfied, she closes her composition notebook and stands up. She looks up and notices that everyone had left the classroom -- even Finn. But she couldn’t blame them, it was a hard first day. “ You must be Rey Kenobi.” Ben says approaching Rey as she’s packing her things into her messenger bag. She looks up at him and nods. “ Yeah and you must be Ben Organa-Solo.” She replies dryly. Despite the commotion from earlier today with some of the trainees, Rey wasn’t swayed by his brooding charm. Or whatever the woman in the yellow dress had called it during a ten minute coffee break. Surprisingly, Ben is unaffected by the lack of enthusiasm. “ Not too many can pass that test with a perfect score.” He tilts his head to the side. “ But you managed to do that. Impressive.” “ I like to study.” Rey zips her bag close. “ It kills time when there’s nothing else better to do.” “ Interesting.” He steps closer and that damned cologne fills her senses again. “ I’m sorry if this comes off a bit weird, and it probably is weird of me to ask this, but what exactly is that cologne you use?” “ What? Out of all the things to ask…” He laughs. “ It’s Dolce and Gabbana. Why are you asking?” So he did use the expensive stuff. She swings her bag over her shoulder. She adjusts the kinks out of the strap. “ The guys back home like to marinate themselves in Axe or Old Spice. You know the commercials?” He’s never seen the commercials but she doesn’t need to know that. “ They’re convinced it’s going to give them the ability to attract women….” She crosses her arms and smirks. “ It's refreshing to smell something other than aerosol mixed with a the essence of a skunk.” Unable to discern what she had said as a compliment or an insult, Ben raises an eyebrow. “ That is a very interesting way of putting things.” He says. “ I didn’t know there were men out there who thought body spray would… do that.” Then again, he didn’t watch television either. “ You’d be surprised of what the sun can do to people in a desert.” Ben oddly finds the comment amusing once he thinks of his uncle -- a man who had spent the first nineteen years of his life under the unforgiving gaze of the sun in the middle of an arid desert. It would probably explain the man’s certain, if not annoying, peculiarities. A group of men believing whatever they saw on TV would not seem so far from the truth if Ben looked at it from that perspective. “ Anyway, I need to head down to the lobby to catch the bus back to the hotel.” Rey excuses herself, stepping around him in the process. He watches her leave with a small smile on his features. The smile quickly fades once the door clicks shut. He walks over to the whiteboard and looks at the welcome message as he picks up the eraser. He didn’t write it; Chan wrote it to boost morale amongst the trainees. Writing welcome messages in bubble letters with hearts and rainbows was something someone did in Elementary school not in job training. He felt half-hearted to erase the message in front of the woman but had he, she would have went on a tirade about building camaraderie amongst employees in the company. Begrudgingly he left the message alone. He erases the annoying message in the quarter of the time it took that woman to draw it on the board. Notes: Two chapters in one day? Oh yeah. Mainly because I'm embarking on an international move so I why not get both chapters out. So Rey and Ben finally meet! And Finn also was in the same training class as her! And yes, I just turned Anakin Skywalker into Howard Hughes , the charismatic yet eccentric owner of TWA during it's golden years and creator of the Spruce Goose, the largest flyingboat in the world. When I was training to be a flight attendant, the airline did have a one-test policy in place. We could only fail a test once -- any other time would be automatic dismissal from the program. We also were presented with an airport code test on the first day. Luckily, though, it was only on fifty airports. The training involved to be a flight attendant is surprisingly hard *and* stressful but that's what makes the job fun. I miss it sometimes :') /rant Anyway, again, I love you all for your support <3 Your ideas, comments, kudos, everything are what keeps me writing. Chapter 3 : here comes a new challenger Summary: Rey stands up to the beast Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “ You want to be a pilot?” Taking a sip from his hot chocolate, Finn nods. It was one of those ten minute breaks they every hour to allow the smokers to get their nicotine fix, go to the bathroom, or just clear their heads from the amount of information that was being thrown at them. Rey usually took this time to run outside with a hot cup of chocolate and double marshmallows to simply get a clear mind and enjoy the crisp winter air. Even if she didn’t extend the invitation, Finn was always at her side with his own hot cup of chocolate rambling about everything and anything that came to mind. Rey wasn’t a person who welcomed the company of others. But she could make an exception for Finn and his over the top stories or gossip that hung thickly over the heads of many that worked at the airline. She didn’t know if she could call him a friend, she didn’t want to jinx the relationship by declaring a definitive. Whenever she made a “friend”, sooner or later she would have to move and so with it the relationship. Rey knew of acquaintances and Finn was a very good one. “ I always wanted to fly. It’s hard for a kid like me who had nothing to actually make that dream a reality.” Finn leans against the exterior window of the training center. He looks up at the grey skies that make up the Coruscant winter. “ You can’t just walk into an airline and say you want to be a pilot. You need the hours behind the wheel, you know? Hundreds, if not thousands of flight time with a jet to actually be considered. Becoming a flight attendant will be the closest I can get to being in the skies.” Rey watches as the planes in the far distant horizon moved around the tarmac at the airport. Such large machines that could defy gravity. A testiment that anyone literally could have the wings to fly away to anywhere they wanted to go in the world just to escape. What was her reasons for joining the airline? To make an escape? Compared to her newly made acquaintance, it appeared she didn’t have a reason . She just wanted to get away. “ Once you become a flight attendant, are you just going to give up on becoming a pilot?” Rey asks. Finn looks at her but he can’t really come up with an answer to that question. “ I haven’t thought about it.” “ You’re a likeable guy, Finn. I’m sure you can build on that and gain some connections to help you achieve that goal.” Rey brings her cup up to her lips and lets the warm steam tickle and warm her cheeks and nose. Growing up in a desert meant that the need for winter clothes was not warranted. Clothing stores didn’t carry wool jackets, they carried cotton turtlenecks and jeans. While Finn wore a wool peacoat with a thick black scarf wrapped around his neck, Rey had nothing but an oversized denim jacket to wear over a brown long-sleeved one piece that stopped just before her knees. It was good enough. She didn’t need to be outside for no longer than what was absolutely necessary. Sometimes Finn would offer his jacket but she would immediately decline the offer. Rey didn’t want to appear as some charity case; it was hard enough already trying to stretch her wardrobe into something presentable every day. “ Oh, look at that. It’s starting to snow.” Soft, yet wet, snowflakes slowly begin to fall from the grey skies above. Rey holds out her hand and waits for the flakes to land in her open palm. She smiles to herself once a flake lands, quickly melting into a droplet of water. Finn watches her with a sort of intrigue. “ Have you ever seen snow before?” He asks. She shakes her head, focused on capturing snowflakes. “ This is the first time.” “ You’re in luck, because this is the first time it’s snowed in a while here in Coruscant.” Finn glances at his wristwatch and then finishes his drink. “ Break’s almost over. Don’t want to wake the sleeping beast.” Rey chuckles. Finn offers to take her cup and she hands it over to him. She quickly puts her hands in the pockets of her denim jacket at an attempt to maintain the warmth. Finn tosses the paper cups in the trash that sat outside the entrance to the training center. He quickly rushes to open the door before Rey can do it and she gives him a look. “ I can open the door myself, you know…” She mumbles but it doesn’t contain the annoyance she usually would have towards him for such actions. He shrugs his shoulders. “ It’s a habit.” He grins and Rey just shakes her head as she steps inside. Finn wasn’t a bad person. He was interesting, if not a bit much at times. He was the first person Rey had managed to befriend at the training center but that was because Finn always wanted to talk to her during their down time. Rey didn’t mind, it was refreshing to talk to someone who wasn’t a customer or her foster father. He did have a lot of knowledge into the airline and it was fun to listen to the company gossip. The two step into the classroom and silently find their seats. Most of the classroom had already arrived and were seated. Ben stood at the poodium, looking at his wrist watch. The tension of the room gradually increased as the trainees watched the second hand tick in the wall clock that hung above the whiteboard. 45, 46, 47, 48… There was a rule that was mentioned during the second day of training. A rule that had everyone on edge -- the attendance rule. While the testing rule was harsh, the attendance rule was hell. It didn’t matter if it was during the start of the day or a break, if anyone was even remotely late they would be removed immediately from the program. The reasoning, as Ben had explained it, was to enforce the importance of being on time but most in the class thought it was in place to thin out the recruits. 55, 56… Ben walks over to the opened door. 57, 58… He reaches for the handle and closes the door. 59… There’s a click. “ Shall we continue where we left off?” Everyone looks around the classroom. There were some empty seats already, but they belonged to those that had been eliminated from the program for low test scores. Yet, there’s one seat in particular that stands out -- the one next to Finn -- that remains empty. “ Open up your manuals to section four.” There’s a commotion from outside the classroom. Everyone’s heads immediately turn to the direction of the sound. Ben glances over at the door. The missing one -- the one that sat next to Finn -- is trying to open the door but it’s locked. Ben wordlessly walks back to the door and opens it. He steps outside and everyone sits quietly, trying to listen on to the conversation happening between the trainer and the trainee. It seems like forever but it’s only a couple of minutes before Ben is returning to the classroom. It’s thirty seconds later before the loud crying could be heard. The trainer is unphased, already at the podium and opening up his own manual. “ Before the break, we were talking about the procedures behind IROPs --” “ She was only thirty second late.” Ben looks directly at Rey. He frowns but she doesn’t waiver, instead, she’s scowling at the older man. “ If you weren’t aware, Miss Kenobi, of the expectations of this program then I shall remind you. If you are late to training you are immediately removed from the program.” Ben says coolly. He’s exploding on the inside, on the contrary. This wasn’t the first time this has happened in class. Rey Kenobi always made it a point to try and prove him wrong in class. She always challenged him; always challenged his control of the situation. She was absolutely insufferable. “ I am aware of this, Mister Solo.” She also insisted on never calling him by his first name. “ But I am also aware of the fact that class 16-01 allows a grace period for trainees. Five minutes, if I recall correctly.” Ben shifts in his position but his face remains indifferent. “ This is not 16-02.” “ I’m sure if I was to take this up to HR, they would beg to differ.” “ If you wish to continue this conversation after class, I will gladly give you my time. Unfortunately, we have a topic to finish and debating with you is not going to help in achieving that.” Rey stands up. “ Miss Kenobi--” Rey ignores him. Instead, she walks over to the door and opens it. Jennifer was standing in front of the door sobbing. Holding the door open, Rey motions for the young woman to enter the classroom. She looks at her, eyes red from tears, and shakes her head. Ben watches from his podium wordlessly. “ Come on, Jennifer. It’s okay.” Rey says softly. Jennifer looks at Rey and wipes her eyes of the tears. It’s a few more seconds and Jennifer is stepping back inside the classroom. Rey waits by the door for Jennifer to find her seat. Once she finds her seat, Rey closes the door. Before the door snaps close, a large hand slams against it, propping it back open again. It’s enough to startle the young woman. She turns around and comes face to face to Ben. He’s glaring at her as if he wanted to kill her right then and there. She licks her lips and takes a deep breath but her heart is racing. This is the first time Ben Organa-Solo has ever reacted to her in such a way. All of their debates has always ended with him conceding. He never reacted, no matter how much she poked or prodded. “ Let’s go.” He growls. Rey blinks but body isn’t moving as fast as her mind. She can feel a hand grab her upper arm but she’s too much in shock to register what’s going on. It isn’t until she’s forced out the classroom that she realizes that she’s in trouble with the trainer. Ben is walking down the hallway, no, storming down the hallway while holding Rey like a teacher taking a student to the principal’s office. She doesn’t fight him as they round a corner and quickly enter a small empty room. The door lacks a window and there’s no windows. Rey has no idea what the room’s purpose is for but she doesn’t care either -- the only thing she can register is the fear shooting throughout her body. Ben releases her arm rather roughly and she stumbles away from him. The door slams shut. Ben rounds in on her. “ Are you out of your damned mind?” He spits. Rey looks at him but she doesn’t say anything. Instead she takes a few steps backward until her back hits the wall. “ Do you honestly enjoy making me look like an fool in front of my trainees?!” Rey frowns. “ I didn’t know we had such a pathetic excuse for a human as an instructor.” “ I should eliminate you from this program.” Ben steps forward. “ I should have you removed and sent back to wherever you came from.” She crosses her arms and stands with a bit more purpose. She wasn’t going to allow herself to be intimidated by him. If she was going to be forced out the program for calling out the man for his bulldog tactics, then she would go down with some pride. Ben doesn’ step any closer, keeping a distance between them. “ On what grounds exactly?” She takes one step forward. “ I’ve passed every test with perfect scores. I follow the attendance policy to the tee. So what grounds can you eliminate me from the program?” Ben doesn’t say anything. He stands firm in his place watching the woman in front of him. He waits and listens as she challenges him again . It was always a losing battle with her; no matter how many times he thinks he has the upper hand she comes in and finishes him with a left hook, that no matter times how much he anticipates, he can never avoid being hit with. She is right. He can’t remove her from the program. She’s met every standard effortlessly, sometimes even going well beyond what is required. Rey Kenobi is in every definition the ideal student -- if Ben was a professor at a university, he probably would be honored to have her in his class. Unfortunately for the both of them, this wasn’t a university class. They were soon-to-be coworkers. Rey was more of a nuisance than anything else… an annoying nuisance that needed to be removed. “ If you don’t allow her in the classroom, I will go to HR.” Ben runs a hand through his hair. He puts his hands on his hips and leans forward, collecting his nerves. He shifts a bit in thought before looking up at Rey. He’s frustrated -- it's written all over his face. Human Resources probably wouldn’t do much. He would probably be scolded, reminded to give the trainees a chance and understand their positions. Be more sympathetic to the fact that they’re trying their best despite the situation and pressure of the training program. But that was something Ben was trying to avoid. He didn’t need to have a blemish against his record because of one trainee who wanted to prove a point. He didn’t want to deal with another lecture from Chan about how training should be fun, not a military boot camp. He definitely did not want to hear from Hux about being outsmarted by a trainee. Ben had a goal he needed to achieve and building a negative reputation with the people that actually mattered in the company went against that goal. He would accept defeat this time but this was not going to be end of their little war. “ This is not your classroom. You do not come in and tell me how I should run things.” He says slowly, if not restrained. “ I will allow her back into the class but don’t you ever stand up to me like that again.” This time Rey smiles and Ben doesn’t know if he should yell or just give up in that moment. “ Thank you.” “ Let’s go.” Ben opens the door and allows Rey to step out the room. Wordlessly the two walk back to the classroom; Rey with a small smile while Ben maintained a look of indifference. They enter the classroom. Rey takes her seat and Ben returns to the podium. He scans the class before clearing his throat. “ Let’s resume where we left off.” He looks at Jennifer, who was quietly sitting at his desk. “ I apologize…. I’ve overstepped myself.” It’s not the sincerest of apologies but it is something. It's more than what Ben would have done in any other normal situation. Pigs were probably flying at this very moment. Jennifer nods hesitantly. The young woman was still shaken up from what had happened earlier. “ Please open your manual to Unit 4.” Finn turns around to look at Rey but she is focused on her work. He looks at Ben and notices how tense he looks; it's the first time he’s ever seen him like this. He was always a person that displayed a certain confidence that seeing him rattled like this only makes him wondered what exactly happened. How was Rey able to break his cool exterior, Finn would probably never know. The one thing that he did know was that things were only going to get more interesting from here on out. He just hoped that no one else would be caught between the crossfire. Notes: Ben isn't the nicest guy but Rey won't let him continue to be his inner Kylo Ren, lol. There has been a timeskip of sorts... This chapter takes place about three weeks into training. As was hinted in 'Non-Stop', Rey and Ben have a really rocky start. Everyone's responses have been great! Thank you so much for reading <3 <3 Stay tuned next week for the next episode of the Young and the Restles-- I mean, Republic Airlines. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Republic Airlines series