Summary: Llewyn ends up back at Al's because Al is the only person who doesn't hate him yet. February, 1961 Llewyn went to Al’s because Al was the only person nearby who knew him and didn’t hate him, not yet anyway. He might even get to stay on the couch, if Al’s girlfriend had left—assuming Al’s girlfriend even really existed and hadn’t been invented as a way to get rid of him. Either way, Al had wanted to get rid of Llewyn, but he didn’t hate him, so Llewyn hobbled there once he was able to walk. The girlfriend wasn’t there, but Al was. Llewyn hadn’t even considered Al might not be home, but he was, and he buzzed Llewyn in, and when Al opened the door to see Llewyn hunched over with an arm clutching his stomach, his other hand gripping the handle of his guitar case, and one eye rapidly swelling shut, Al let him come in. “What happened to you?” Al looked him up and down. “Fight,” said Llewyn. “Didn’t you fight back? Go sit down.” Al turned away from him and opened the freezer. Llewyn trudged over to the couch, dropped the guitar case, then sank down into the creaking springs and flattened cushions. He didn’t say that he didn’t fight back, but Al continued muttering in his startlingly deep voice, “I knew that’s the type of guy you are. All talk and no action. Starting shit you can’t finish.” “Look, if this is a bad time—” Llewyn began, but Al waved him silent with one large, pale hand, bony wrist protruding from the sleeve of his faded bathrobe. He looked ridiculous, gangling and awkward. After Llewyn had kept silent a moment, he tried again. “You got any cigarettes?” “I quit smoking.” Al shuffled over to the couch, carrying something wrapped in a thin, ragged dishtowel. He was so tall, he had to crouch down in front of Llewyn to mash the bundle against Llewyn’s face, over his blackened eye. “Ow, shit,” Llewyn hissed. He winced and tried to draw back, but Al cuffed his left hand around the back of the smaller man’s head and made him stay still. The cold of the block of ice, or whatever it was wrapped in the cloth, burned. “Where’s your girlfriend?” Llewyn asked after a minute, when his face was growing numb and Al still didn’t let up. Al’s eyes, so dark brown they were nearly black, flicked from the ice pack to Llewyn’s single visible eye. “Why? You need a place to crash again?” “No, no, I just wondered.” Llewyn tried to sound like the idea of sleep hadn’t occurred to him, not at all. “Here. Hold this. Five more minutes.” Al let go of the back of Llewyn’s head, grasped his hand, and brought it up to the ice pack. When Llewyn gripped the pack, Al stood up and went back to the kitchenette, flexing the hand that had held the ice. “It would just be for a couple nights,” Llewyn said. “I’m shipping out after that.” Al wasn’t doing anything in particular in the kitchen, just leaning over the counter braced on his long arms, facing the cabinets on the wall. He looked back at Llewyn over his shoulder. “Shipping out?” “Merchant Marines. Gotta get my papers tomorrow—made enough tonight to cover it—then I’m gone.” Al was still looking at him, and Llewyn turned his eye to gaze at his guitar case instead. “Fresh start,” he muttered. Al sighed, and when Llewyn glanced at him again, he was resting the top of his head against the cabinet door, pale face turned down toward the countertop. “Fine,” Al muttered. “Take the couch. But do something about your records before you leave—you left ‘em here when you went to Chicago.” -- Llewyn stayed out of Al’s way the next day, but by nightfall, he had the rest of his stuff, collected from Jean and Jim’s, and had to go back. He dropped the bags by his guitar case and sat on the couch. “You haven’t done anything with those records,” said Al from the kitchenette. He was leaning on the counter, on his ass this time and facing outward as he drank a glass of water. “Throw them out,” Llewyn told him. “Fresh start.” As Al stared at him, Llewyn thought of the box of albums already under the table, Al with his guitar case on the covers. Then Al shrugged and turned to the sink to refill his glass. “Uh. . . can I leave my guitar here, though?” Llewyn asked after a moment. “Your guitar.” Al set down the glass. “Yeah, I. . . can’t really take it with me.” “Sell it,” said Al, “if you’re making a fresh start.” If Llewyn hadn’t needed his help, he would have mentioned the girlfriend again, or pointed out that “Arthur” was a much nicer-sounding name than “Al.” Instead, he added, “Please.” He tried for the look that sometimes worked on his friends, the ones who hadn’t started hating him yet, especially women. The look was usually made more effective by his naturally half-drooping eyelids, but the black eye probably diminished it, and anyway, he didn’t think it would work on Al. But the look and Al were all he had left. “I’m not going to live here forever,” Al told him. “I’ll probably be gone the next time you’re back in town.” Royalties, Llewyn thought. Al may have believed he was bullshitting Llewyn, but he wasn’t. “Write me,” Llewyn suggested, “when you move. Send me your new address. I’ll come back for it, I promise.” “That’s the problem. You’ll come back,” said Al. He picked up the glass and drained it then set it down again with a hard clank. “Go take a shower. You smell like shit. Are any of your clothes clean?” Llewyn shrugged. “Throw those—” Al gestured at what Llewyn was wearing. “—out in the hall before you get in. I’ve got to do a load tonight, so I’ll put your shit in too.” “Thanks.” Llewyn hid his surprise and got up from the couch, already stepping out of his shoes. When he was out of the shower—a small shower in a small bathroom, and Llewyn wondered how Al fit all of his limbs in there at once—he wiped the mirror off and looked himself over. The worst bruising was on his face, but the purple splotches on his torso didn’t help anything. Neither did the flabbiness that had crept in there, despite how irregularly he ate. But that would go away once he shipped out and started doing physical labor again, and the bruises would fade. And really, it didn’t matter what he looked like, not anymore. He emerged from the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist, glad at first for the coldness of the apartment in winter after the suffocating shower steam in the little bathroom. Al wasn’t around, probably still in the basement with the laundry, and Llewyn poked through the apartment while he waited. There was no indication of a girlfriend, even a long-distance once, and there wasn’t much food either. Llewyn made toast and ate it dry when he couldn’t find anything to put on it, washed it down with water from the glass Al had used. Then he sat down on the couch, wearing the towel, with his guitar and played until Al came back. Llewyn kept playing so he wouldn’t have to thank Al a second time, and the other man dropped the laundry basket on the floor, crouched beside it, and sorted Llewyn’s stuff from his. When Llewyn’s t-shirt landed on the couch atop the rest of his clothes, Llewyn put down the guitar and pulled on the shirt. Al threw a ball of shorts over next, and Llewyn stood and let the towel drop as he reached for them. “Jesus Christ, Llew,” muttered Al, “cover that shit up.” He stood, averting his eyes, and scooped up the basket of his own clothes. As he stalked back to his bedroom with the basket, Llewyn growled after him. “Thanks for letting me use the shower, Arthur .” Llewyn stepped into the shorts and packed up the rest of his clothes. By the time he finished, Al was coming back into the kitchenette for more water. He’d undressed into his bathrobe. “You must piss, like, all the time,” Llewyn said. He looked at his guitar for a moment before putting it away in its case. “Water’s healthy,” said Al. He was leaning on his ass against the counter again. The bathrobe was short on him and barely reached his knees; beneath its hem, his calves were white, well-defined, and only sparsely covered with hair. He saw Llewyn studying him, looked the smaller man over, then added, “You should shave. This look doesn’t work for you.” Llewyn sat down on the couch again, leaned back against the cushion, and told Al, “And you should lose the cowboy hat and use your real name. The country shit really doesn’t work for you.” “Fuck you, Llew.” Al looked down at the glass in his hand then reached back to set it in the sink. “It’s Llewyn,” said Llewyn. “I don’t like ‘Llew.’” “I don’t care,” said Al. “It’s easier to say.” They glared at one another, and then Llewyn said, “You don’t really have a girlfriend, do you?” The hurt look that crossed Al’s face then made Llewyn feel unexpectedly bad. Oh, so you feel bad about that , he imagined Jean saying. Asshole. “It’s okay,” Llewyn added. “I get it, you lied so I wouldn’t hang around. But you don’t have to lie. I’m leaving tomorrow. Tomorrow morning.” Al pushed himself off of the counter with his hands and went down the hall toward the bathroom, muttering, “You’re right. I don’t really have a girlfriend,” as he went. Llewyn heard the door shut, but it wasn’t enough to muffle the sound of Al pissing a minute later. I was right, Llewyn thought. He does piss a lot. He thought Al wasn’t coming back. The toilet flushed and the bathroom door opened, and Al didn’t reappear. Llewyn lay down on the couch then sat up again, tossed the cushions around, leaned forward with his forearms folded across his knees. He wanted a cigarette, but Al didn’t have any. He was hungry, and Al didn’t have any food either, besides the end of the loaf of bread. He was bored, but if he took out his guitar again, Al would think he was being a pretentious shit. Fuck Al, Llewyn thought. Nothing wrong with being a pretentious shit. Al did have a record player on a rickety stand. Llewyn looked at it, and then he looked at his own albums still sitting in front of the cloth-draped end table by the window, and then he pulled out the box of Al’s records hidden behind the table cloth. After he put Five & Twenty Questions on, Llewyn sat down again and looked at the cover. Al looked surreally tall and thin, and his hair was too short, especially with ears as big as his. As ridiculous as Llewyn found Al’s cowboy hat, he looked better with it on, to cover those ears. But even without the hat, the album’s cover had an affected Western feel to it, and Llewyn decided Al Cody was more of a pretentious shit than he, Llewyn, could ever be. Then Llewyn flipped the album over and stared at the back of the sleeve. It didn’t have a picture of Al. The typography was nice. The track titles were mediocre. Llewyn let his eyes glaze over as, instead of looking, he listened. Al’s lyrics were mediocre too, but his voice was incredible. It wasn’t the voice of a lead, and Llewyn understood why Al would be getting royalties on a single Jim wrote, with a box full of solo albums under his end table; but his voice was incredible all the same. So deep, thought Llewyn. His voice is so deep. When the needle had crept past the A side and was scratching on the label, Llewyn set the sleeve on the table and got up to flip the record. Al was leaning in the open doorway that led into the hall, watching him. “What are you doing?” he asked Llewyn. “I wanted to hear what you sound like by yourself,” Llewyn said. He flipped the record, pulled the arm back out to the edge, and dropped the needle into the groove. “You have a good voice.” “Thanks,” said Al. He went to the couch and sat down on the left side. When he put his arms up across the back, they almost stretched the entire width of the couch. Llewyn looked down at the record spinning around the player, listening to Al’s deep voice singing a traditional ballad: I can’t get down, and I won’t get down, and stay all night with thee, For the girl I have in that merry green land, I love far better than thee. Llewyn sat back down on the couch, and as they listened to the album, he thought about the man at his side. He wondered if Al knew what had happened to the car and Mr. Turner and Johnny Five, the man who had claimed to be Al’s friend. I can’t fly down, and I won’t fly down, and light on your right knee, For a girl who’d murder her own true love would kill a little bird like me. Al’s deep voice wasn’t very well suited to the words of a little bird, but then, he’d sung the girl’s parts too, and that was worse. Llewyn wondered if Al’s whole life was built on lies, friends who weren’t his friends, a girlfriend who didn’t exist, a name that wasn’t even really his name. Who is he, really? Llewyn wondered. When he glanced up at Al, Al was looking back at him. His eyes looked as deep and dark as his voice, but when they met Llewyn’s, they darted away and Al licked his lips, like he was embarrassed. If you had your bended bow, your arrow, and your string, I’d fly away to the merry green land, and tell what I have seen. Nothing to tell, thought Llewyn. I don’t know any more about him than I did that day in the studio. Maybe I know even less. Al had written the rest of the songs himself, and they weren’t very good, apart from the beauty of his voice. “I don’t see much money here,” Llewyn said when the needle again scratched the label and stayed there, thumping with every revolution of the record. “But I guess you don’t either.” “No,” agreed Al. “But I’m not giving up.” He shifted behind Llewyn, his long arm curling slightly around the smaller man’s shoulders. Llewyn hadn’t realized he was cold until he felt the warmth of Al’s arm on his thin t-shirt and bare skin. Al went on, “Every time you have to make a decision, you get a choice. If I keep choosing long enough, eventually I’ll make the right one.” “I won’t,” said Llewyn. He sighed and turned his head away to look at the dark window. “Maybe in another life, you were an asshole and I was a nice guy. But not anymore.” Al sighed too, heavily, and tilted his head so it rested on the back of the couch. He groaned, “Fuck me. I knew this would happen if I let you stay long enough.” “You knew I would fuck you if you let me stay long enough?” The quip came out before Llewyn really thought about it, but he probably would have said it anyway, even if he had thought first. He faced forward again and tilted his head back too. Instead of the couch, it rested on Al’s upper arm, which felt surprisingly firm and muscular. A flicker went through the muscles, maybe from Llewyn’s words or maybe from his touch, or maybe from both. Llewyn felt something flicker too, deep inside him, and he heard himself ask, “Do you mean ‘fuck’ literally or figuratively?” “It was an epithet,” mumbled Al. “I didn’t mean you, specifically, fucking me.” He gave no more reaction than that. “Oh. Well, if you did, and you meant it literally, at least you won’t get pregnant if the condom breaks,” said Llewyn. “I meant,” Al persisted, “that I’m an idiot because I knew that if I spent enough time around you, I would find something to like about you. And I let you stay anyway.” Llewyn didn’t say anything, and Al sighed again. “And I don’t even have any condoms.” “Of course you don’t,” said Llewyn. “Neither do I. I don’t care.” -- Al was the second guy Llewyn had fucked, but the first he’d fucked sober. They did it missionary, with Al on his back and Llewyn on top of him, Al’s long legs up on his shoulders. It was good, better than Llewyn had expected. When Al came, he groaned, “Oh God, Llew, Llew ,” and gripped Llewyn’s ass and pulled the smaller man hard against him. Llewyn came too, inside him, with a wordless growl through his clenched teeth. After he pulled out, he lay on Al’s chest, propped up on his elbows, and looked down into the other man’s long, pale face. Al’s eyes were closed, but when he opened them, they fixed on Llewyn’s. “Arthur,” said Llewyn. “You really shouldn’t get your name changed.” “Because the country shit doesn’t work for me?” “Because I like ‘Arthur’ better than ‘Al,’” said Llewyn. “I can’t yell ‘Al!’ when I fuck you. I’d sound stupid.” “And I’d sound stupid if I yelled ‘Llewyn,’” Al told him. “Who said I was going to let you fuck me again, anyway?” “Yeah, you let me. Like you did me some huge favor. I don’t even fuck guys.” “Neither do I,” said Al. “Could’ve fooled me. I wasn’t your first.” Al glared up at him, and Llewyn studied the angry, sullen, hurt expression his face held. Then he said, “You don’t have to lie. You weren’t mine, either. Just my first sober.” “Third,” muttered Al. “Second sober.” He closed his eyes again and drew his full, almost feminine lower lip between his teeth. “First to make me come. The other times, I had to jerk off after.” He lay there frowning. “You came a lot,” Llewyn observed. “It’s been a while. And I told you, drinking water is healthy. Doesn’t just make you piss all the time.” “What do you like about me?” asked Llewyn. Al opened one dark eye, and his brow furrowed. Llewyn elaborated, “You said you knew you’d find something to like about me. What is it?” “Hell if I know.” Al closed his eye again. “You made me come.” “You said it before we fucked, so it was something else.” “I don’t know . You’re beautiful. And there’s something in you.” Al hauled his eyes open once more and looked up as he lifted a hand and hovered it near the side of Llewyn’s head. His deep voice dropped to a whisper when he went on, “Jim said you don’t care about anybody anymore except yourself, but he was wrong. You don’t even care about yourself.” His hand fell against Llewyn’s hair, and Al’s long fingers dug in and raked through the black curls, back along the curve of his skull. His hand felt good. “But maybe you were a nice guy in another life, because there’s something of that still in you.” “And you’re still a little bit of an asshole,” said Llewyn. He dropped his mouth down onto Al’s and ignored the muffled, startled exclamation that vibrated against his lips. Then Al opened his mouth and sucked Llewyn’s tongue in and kissed him hard, holding Llewyn’s head down. He was the first man Llewyn had ever kissed, and it was good, better than Llewyn had expected. “Oh fuck, Llew,” Al breathed when he let his hand drop from Llewyn’s hair, and the smaller man lifted his head, breathing hard. Llewyn wiped his mouth on the back of his hand and rolled off of Al. The bed was a single, and Llewyn had to sleep crushed against Al’s side, but it was better than the creaking couch. During the night, Al turned in his sleep to curl around Llewyn’s smaller body, chest to Llewyn’s back and arm draped over Llewyn’s abdomen. Llewyn half woke to press back into the warmth of Al’s body. He fucked Al again in the morning then went back to sleep while Al was in the shower. When he woke up, Llewyn showered again too and gathered up his stuff, except for the guitar and his old records. “Do you want to go get breakfast?” Al asked in a mutter, his back to Llewyn as he washed the few dishes sitting in the sink. “I’ll buy.” “No, I need to get going,” said Llewyn. He set his bags by the door and waited until Al drained the sink and dried his bony hands and turned to face him. “Yeah,” Al said. “Thank you,” Llewyn told him, “for letting me stay. And for the ice pack and the laundry.” “Yeah,” Al said. He walked past Llewyn and held the door open for him while Llewyn picked up his bags again and went out into the narrow hall. “Don’t forget to write me and tell me where you are,” Llewyn said. He stood in the hall and Al stood in the doorway, door propped open behind him. Llewyn looked up at the other man’s pale, impassive face and added, “So I can come see you and get my guitar. It’ll be something to look forward to.” “Getting your guitar back,” said Al. His face stayed impassive except for a flicker through his eyes. The flicker looked hurt, and as before, it made Llewyn feel bad. Every time you have to make a decision, you get a choice, Al had said. If I keep choosing long enough, eventually I’ll make the right one. Llewyn considered that, considered how every time he thought he was making the right choice, he just fucked things up worse. So then he decided what the right choice would be, and he did the opposite. “Seeing you again,” said Llewyn. Al gave him the incredulous look that cycled over his face from time to time. “You don’t have to lie,” he said. “I’m not lying. I’ll look forward to seeing you again.” When Al reached for him with one hand, Llewyn put down his bags a second time. Al’s hand cupped Llewyn’s jaw, then his other hand went to Llewyn’s hair, then he drew the smaller man closer and bent down and kissed him. By the time Al let him go, Llewyn’s hands were in Al’s hair, too, and his lips were rubbed raw. “Fuck, Llew,” Al said, like before; then he added, “You really should lose the beard. It’s scratchy.” “I’ll lose the beard when you lose the cowboy hat,” Llewyn told him, “Arthur.” As he jogged down the spiraling stairs, Llewyn thought about Al and how it could be, what he could have to look forward to. He didn’t expect it, or even hope for it. He believed he’d get his guitar back, because Al was a nice guy, but as to the rest, he just pretended that the Llewyn Davis of some other world might hold some sway in this one. If he, the Llewyn of this lifetime, had such shitty luck, certainly the other had been richly blessed. Successful. Fortunate. Beloved. Probably clean-shaven. When he came back, Llewyn pretended, Al’s legal name change would have gone through, and the royalties would still be coming in. Al would be living somewhere better, somewhere nicer, but Llewyn wouldn’t need to crash on Al’s new couch, or even in Al’s new (larger) bed because he’d have money too and get his own place, and when they slept together, it could be in Llewyn’s very own bed. Fresh start notwithstanding, Llewyn might perform with Al sometimes. Two not-leads could get along that way if one of them was careful with his royalties and the other had an actual job. Al wouldn’t give him that hurt look anymore. He would get rid of the cowboy hat, and Llewyn would get rid of the beard. And maybe, Llewyn thought as he pushed through the building’s outer door, out into the winter and his fresh start, I’ll get a cat. -- It didn’t happen that way, of course. Al got his royalties, but by the time Llewyn saw him again, Al had sold out for a house in the suburbs and gotten a job in an office and started going by Arthur again. In the process of selling out, he’d also sold his own guitar, though he kept Llewyn’s for him as promised and gave it back when Llewyn tracked down the address Arthur had sent him. Llewyn didn’t perform with Arthur, because Arthur didn’t play at all anymore. Llewyn performed alone and didn’t get much of anywhere with it. He didn’t get his own place, either, and he didn’t have as much money as he’d imagined. Arthur kept his cowboy hat, and Llewyn kept his beard. Llewyn didn’t get a cat. He didn’t get a cat because Arthur was allergic, and anyway, Arthur didn’t like the idea of cat hair strewn all over the house. He didn’t like the idea of Llewyn’s clothes strewn all over the house either, but he got used to it. In turn, Llewyn got used to Arthur calling him “Llew,” and he switched to calling Arthur “Al” instead of the other way around when they argued. Arthur did the laundry. Llewyn cooked. Arthur was still a nice guy, mostly, and Llewyn was still an asshole, mostly. But Arthur’s face didn’t cycle through the hurt look anymore, and they quit trying to lie to each other. After Llewyn had been gone one year and back six months, Arthur told him, “I love you.” Llewyn thought about his decision and made his choice and said, “I love you too.” For a moment, he and the Llewyn Davis of another life coalesced. -- Chapter end Chapter 2 Summary: How we got here from there: their three scenes in the movie, from Al's perspective. February, 1961 Al knew who Llewyn Davis was, of course; Jim had talked about him sometimes. Jean had talked about Llewyn too, but only to bitch about him, and Al didn’t like Jean much anyway. So when Llewyn showed up to fill in on “Please Mr. Kennedy,” the only thing that really surprised Al was that he had a beard, and he was shorter than Al had expected. But other than that, Al wasn’t surprised. He looked at Llewyn, then away, until Jim said to Llewyn, “Do you know Al Cody?” “Hey man,” said Llewyn. “Hi,” said Al. He grinned and half-rose from his stool to shake Llewyn’s hand. Llewyn didn’t smile, and he didn’t lean forward as much as Al did, but he sort of nodded and said, “Hey,” again. The beard made him look scruffy, the beard and his tousled curly hair and his blocky corduroy suit, but he was cute, and his eyes were beautiful. He looked like he could be a lot of trouble. Llewyn Davis also thought he was hot shit. That much was obvious when, asked if he could read a chart, he said, “I, uh, I can stare at a chart and fake it, sir,” then laughed at his own joke. The skin around his eyes crinkled when he laughed, and Al smiled at that more than at the quip. But yeah, Llewyn was trouble, because he couldn’t read a chart, and Jim and Al had to teach him the song. Which really meant Jim teaching him the song while Al sat to the side and tried to help and came off sounding earnest and ridiculous. Not that Llewyn paid him any attention. He was too busy singing and smoking at the same time, and passive-aggressively trying to improve on Jim’s song. When he did look at Al, it was with a look of vague incomprehension, but that was Jim’s fault; he was the one who wrote the song. Al was just singing it like he was supposed to. Unlike Llewyn. “Oka-ay,” muttered Llewyn when he stopped to put out his cigarette. He leaned in to Jim and murmured, “Hey look, I’m happy for the gig, but who—who wrote this?” He probably thought Al had. Jim’s face fell into a look of utter bewilderment. “I did,” he said. Llewyn nodded. After they finished recording, Llewyn joked over his shoulder, “We’ll be touring, right?” as he filled out his contract. Jim had knelt to pack up his guitar, and he chuckled. “We’ll be touring Uranus,” he replied. He glanced up at Al with a grin. Al blushed. Llewyn muttered something about getting vaccinated, and after that, Al tried to get away without speaking to him again. He almost did get away. Almost . But as Al was walking past with his guitar, Llewyn called out to him, “Hey, where do you live, Al?” Al stopped. He knew what was coming. He should lie. “Uh, Downing Street,” he said. “Yeah, nice place?” Llewyn asked. “It’s. . . it’s a dump,” said Al. He didn’t have to lie about that. “Unh hunh,” said Llewyn. “Got a couch?” Al should lie. He should say no. He should say he didn’t even have a floor. It wasn’t even that hard to lie to Llewyn, he later discovered, to look right in those big brown eyes with their long lashes and half-lowered lids and lie . But Al was a nice guy, and he said yes. And when Llewyn asked if he could crash for a couple days, Al said yes to that too. I’m going to regret this, he thought. He always seemed to end up regretting being nice. -- Later, Al was coming out of his apartment when Llewyn was coming in, carrying a box of something that turned out to be unsold copies of an album of his. “Oh good,” said Al. “Uh, here’s the key.” He dropped it on top of the box. “I’m just going out to Jersey to pick up my mom’s car.” Llewyn nodded and smiled a little, and that made Al smile too. Then they had to get their bodies past each other with the box between them in the narrow hall, and they both laughed. “Oops, sorry,” Llewyn gasped, sucking in his stomach as much as Al was. Al pressed his ass flat against the wall and bent his knees and got past Llewyn with a couple awkward little hops, looking down at the top of Llewyn’s head and the dark brown curls of his messy hair. Al kept watching him a second after, dropping his eyes down Llewyn’s back to where the curve of the top of his ass was just visible through his bulky corduroy jacket. Llewyn Davis was a mess, and he was exactly what Al didn’t need in his life just then. In fact, it was good Al had to run home, because going home would keep him from being alone in the apartment with Llewyn, and it would remind him once again of why he shouldn’t give in and admit what he’d come more and more to suspect of late. Namely, that Al Cody, alias Arthur Milgrum, was a homosexual; namely, that he was attracted to men like Llewyn Davis; and namely, that if anyone in his family found out, they’d probably disown him. Being a western folk singer was bad enough. Being a homosexual western folk singer would be the last straw. (That, or if something happened to his mother’s car.) Al reasoned that if he never admitted that he was attracted to other men and not women, even to himself, it wasn’t true. Even if the two times he’d been with other men, neither of whom had gotten him off, had been miles better than his few experiences with women. Even if he hadn’t had to get drunk the second time he let a man fuck him. Even if the very thought of Llewyn Davis’s ass made his cock twitch as Al turned away and strode down the hall. Even if Llewyn’s eyes were beautiful and his lips were perfect and his hair would feel like heaven sliding through Al’s fingers. Even if Llewyn strutted around like a grumpy pigeon and was pretty much an asshole, and that was exactly what turned Al on. Because Al wasn’t going to admit any of those things, they weren’t true. Nevertheless, the longer Al was around Llewyn, the greater chance he’d find something to admire, something redeeming in a man who was otherwise a lost cause. And Al suspected that if he found that thing—even the smallest thing, the slightest bit of goodness—he’d fall in love with Llewyn Davis, and that would be the worst choice Al could possibly make. “I have to get rid of him,” Al muttered to himself. The old lady passing him on the staircase stared. -- When Al got back and was unloading the car, Llewyn came up behind him, seemingly from out of nowhere. “Hey,” said Al. Llewyn nodded. He had a sullen look on his face again, none of the laughter Al had seen in the hallway, and he was walking quickly like he wanted to get inside as soon as possible. It was cold. “Uh, can you bring this up for me?” Al asked as Llewyn passed him. Al lifted a crate of his stuff out of the trunk. He had been going to carry it up himself then come back down to move the car, but he wanted to talk to Llewyn. Or anyone, really, who wasn’t his family, wasn’t his mother or father or Dawn—for the love of God, why did she have to be over at the house right when Al showed up? Al had ended up bringing the rest of his stuff back with him because perfect cousin Dawn had been the last straw for him, and he decided it was time to make some changes and some commitments. Llewyn stopped and looked at the crate with the same expression of bewilderment he’d given Al in the studio, mouth open and breathing steam into the cold air. He clearly didn’t want to talk to Al, and for some reason, he was carrying an orange cat. “This ain’t a spot,” Al added by way of excuse. “I just brought some stuff from home—” “Uh, yeah.” Llewyn looked down at his right hand, which held his guitar case, then sort of held the case and the cat up. “Yeah, sure.” On the way back from New Jersey, Al had hit upon a way to get rid of Llewyn. “Hey, you don’t need to—” He got distracted by the cat meowing as he leaned over to tuck the crate under Llewyn’s right arm. The cat was cute, and Al meowed back at it. Al tried again. “You don’t need to crash more than a couple days, do you?” He said it fast, but he made the mistake of looking into Llewyn’s eyes at the end of it. Llewyn still looked bewildered but also a little lost, maybe a little hurt. “Uh—” he began, and Al blurted out the best excuse he’d been able to come up with. “My girlfriend’s coming down from Boston Tuesday.” It sounded plausible enough, as long as Llewyn didn’t start wondering how a guy from New Jersey, living in New York, had hooked up with a girl in Boston—and Llewyn, self-centered little asshole that he was, probably wouldn’t start wondering. Still, Al watched him with some apprehension and hoped that the lie wasn’t written all over his face. “Uh. . . .” But then Llewyn bought it, and he started to nod. “Yeah, no, that’s. . . yeah, that’s fine, that’s okay.” Inexplicably, he tacked a “Yeah, thanks” on at the end. Al had had another idea too, and since the girlfriend thing had gone so much better than expected, he tried that one as well. The farther he could get Llewyn away from him, the better. “You don’t wanna go to Chicago, do you?” he asked as cheerfully as he could manage as he shut the trunk. He smiled, but it faded when Llewyn gave him that uncomprehending look again and turned away. “Why would I want to go to Chicago,” Llewyn muttered. “Yeah. Ha.” Al forced a laugh and looked down at his mother’s car. “This car’s going to Chicago Tuesday. A friend of mine is taking someone to a gig, and they’re looking for someone to help pay for gas.” He said it casually, throwing in the word “gig” like baiting a fish hook. As if he hadn’t thought it all out beforehand. As if “friend” was the right word to describe Johnny Five. As if Al weren’t trying to get rid of several problems at once, Llewyn Davis among them, and praying his mother’s car wouldn’t end up as collateral damage. Llewyn was at the door, his back to it, nodding with a complete lack of interest. “I prefer New York.” Then he looked down into Al’s crate and asked, “Who’s ‘Arthur Milgrum’?” The cat seemed to be looking down into the crate too. Al had forgotten he’d put his mail on top, and he cursed himself for it. When Llewyn’s dark eyes lifted to Al’s face, Al said, “Well, that’s me.” He realized he could only lie to Llewyn if he had time to think through the lie first. “I’m gonna change it legally,” Al said. “At some point.” -- Al worried about Llewyn over the next two days, but Llewyn did leave on Tuesday, and he did go to Chicago. He never told Al why he changed his mind, and Al didn’t ask. Asking might have somehow jinxed it and kept Llewyn there. Llewyn never explained the cat to Al either, and Al discovered he was allergic to it. Llewyn was a slob, and he ate most of Al’s food and smoked all his cigarettes, and the cat drank all of Al’s milk and shed everywhere. And then Llewyn was gone, and so was the cat, and so was Al’s mother’s car. Al would only ever see one of the three again, and at the time, he thought it would be the car. As he cleaned up the cat hair, sneezing all the while, Al decided it really was time for some changes and some commitments. He’d quit smoking. (Not having any cigarettes left, he was already at a good stopping point, and he threw his ashtrays out along with the butts Llewyn had left in them.) He’d quit talking to his family, once the car was back. He’d start drinking more water. (Not having anything else left to drink, apart from booze, he was already at a good starting point.) And I won’t let any more men sleep over, Al told himself while he picked orange cat hairs off his couch. There were a few longer, darker, wavy hairs stuck to the cushions as well, where Llewyn’s head had rested. On the couch or anywhere else. -- Chapter end Chapter 3 But then one night a few days later, Al’s intercom buzzed, and when he answered it, he heard Llewyn’s voice. “Al? Hey, it’s—it’s Llewyn,” Llewyn said. “Can I come up?” Al knew he should say no, but he buzzed Llewyn in. It took Llewyn a while to get up the stairs, but finally he thumped on the door, and Al opened it. Llewyn looked like shit. “What happened to you?” Al asked. “Fight,” said Llewyn. “Didn’t you fight back?” Al muttered. “Go sit down.” He let Llewyn in and shut the door behind him, then went to his freezer for something to put on Llewyn’s swollen eye. Al was angry, angry at Llewyn for turning up again, at himself for letting Llewyn in, at an unknown stranger for hurting Llewyn. Al wanted to kill the guy, whoever he was, even though Llewyn had probably done something to deserve it. “I knew that’s the type of guy you are,” Al muttered. His mother had called him that day too, and Al was tired of trying to be nice. “All talk and no action. Starting shit you can’t finish.” “Look, if this is a bad time—” Al shut Llewyn up with a wave of his hand, but a minute later, Llewyn asked, “You got any cigarettes?” “I quit smoking,” Al told Llewyn as he went over and knelt down in front of him. Al had wrapped a package of frozen peas—bought after Llewyn had left, when Al decided he might as well start eating more vegetables too—in a dishtowel, and he put the pack on Llewyn’s face. “Ow, shit,” bitched Llewyn. When he tried to pull away, Al caught the back of his head with his free hand and held Llewyn and the ice together. Llewyn’s hair did feel good, but kind of greasy, and Al tried not to think about how he was touching Llewyn for the first time. Llewyn was quiet for all of another minute; then he asked Al, “Where’s your girlfriend?” Al looked at him, into the one eye he could see, but he couldn’t tell if Llewyn had any malice behind the question. “Why?” muttered Al. “You need a place to crash again?” This time, he swore, I’ll tell him no. Soon as I fix him up, he’s gone. “No, no, I just wondered,” said Llewyn, in a tone that clearly meant yes instead. I have to get rid of him, Al thought. “Here. Hold this. Five more minutes.” He took Llewyn’s small hand and pulled it up to hold the dishtowel and the peas. When he was sure Llewyn wasn’t about to drop them, Al let go and went back to the kitchen to get away from him. He leaned on the counter and tried to think. “It would just be for a couple nights,” Llewyn said. “I’m shipping out after that.” Al looked at Llewyn over his shoulder and asked, “Shipping out?” That sounded promising. “Merchant Marines,” Llewyn explained. “Gotta get my papers tomorrow—made enough tonight to cover it—then I’m gone.” Llewyn looked away from Al, still holding the peas over his eye, and muttered, “Fresh start.” Just like me, Al thought. He leaned his forehead on the cabinet door and sighed. “Fine. Take the couch,” Al said. “But do something about your records before you leave—you left ‘em here when you went to Chicago.” I’m going to regret this, he thought. -- Al didn’t see much of Llewyn the next day, but Llewyn came back that night with the rest of his stuff, and Al didn’t have anywhere else to be. He stood in the kitchen drinking his water—he’d kept all his new commitments so far except for the one about not letting men sleep over—while Llewyn sat on the couch. “You haven’t done anything with those records,” Al told him. Llewyn said, “Throw them out. Fresh start.” That surprised Al, but he shrugged and turned back to the sink. Maybe Llewyn took the idea of a new life pretty seriously after all. But then Llewyn asked him, “Uh. . . can I leave my guitar here, though?” “Your guitar,” Al groaned. He put his glass down and turned around again to look at Llewyn. He hoped his face showed the same bewilderment Llewyn’s usually did when Llewyn looked at him . “Yeah,” Llewyn mumbled. “I. . . can’t really take it with me.” “Sell it, if you’re making a fresh start,” Al suggested. For a second, Llewyn glared at him, but then his expression changed and went all wide-eyed and needy. He even said, “Please.” I have to get rid of him, Al thought for the thousandth time. A few more looks like that, and he could make me do anything he wanted. “I’m not going to live here forever,” Al said, although he felt like it was a lie. “I’ll probably be gone the next time you’re back in town.” Llewyn hesitated, then said, “Write me, when you move. Send me your new address. I’ll come back for it, I promise.” “That’s the problem,” Al muttered. “You’ll come back.” Fuck being nice, he thought as he picked up his glass to buy some time. Fuck Llewyn Davis. He drank the rest of his water and set the glass down hard, and Llewyn was still looking at him like that, and Al thought, Fuck me, he could make me do anything he wanted. “Go take a shower,” he told Llewyn. “You smell like shit. Are any of your clothes clean?” When Llewyn shrugged, Al waved a hand at him and said, “Throw those out in the hall before you get in. I’ve got to do a load tonight, so I’ll put your shit in too.” “Thanks,” said Llewyn. He didn’t even look surprised. When he got up from the couch, he was already stepping out of his shoes, toes of one foot holding down the heel of the other shoe. Al got his laundry basket and tossed the clothes Llewyn had dumped from his bags on top. When the bathroom door opened a crack and Llewyn threw out what he’d been wearing, Al put that in the basket too and went down to the basement before he could think too much about Llewyn naked in his shower. When Al got back with their clothes, Llewyn was on the couch with a towel around his waist, strumming his guitar. He was chubbier than Al would have guessed, but not by much. Al tried not to look at him and sorted their laundry, tossing Llewyn’s stuff up on the couch. Llewyn stopped playing to put on a t-shirt, which helped, so Al threw some shorts over next. Llewyn stood up and let his towel fall off. “Jesus Christ, Llew, cover that shit up,” Al growled. Llewyn might have glared at him, but Al was already looking away after getting a glimpse of Llewyn’s cock. It was smaller than Al’s, but then everything else of Llewyn’s was smaller than Al’s too. Al picked up his laundry basket and carried it to the bedroom. As Al left, Llewyn snapped, “Thanks for letting me use the shower, Arthur .” Passive-aggressive little shit, Al thought. I’m glad he’s leaving tomorrow. I’m glad I’m getting rid of him. He got undressed and put on his robe then went back to the kitchen to get more water and check on Llewyn. Llewyn was wearing his shorts by that time and was shoving the last of his clothes into his bags. He looked up at Arthur leaning back against the kitchen counter and drinking his water. “You must piss, like, all the time,” Llewyn said. He turned away again, looked down at his guitar, then put it in its case. “Water’s healthy,” Al told him. Silently, he added, And it’s free, and you can’t drink it all up like you did everything else. When he looked at Llewyn again, Llewyn was watching him, studying Al’s bare legs and then his face. Al watched Llewyn back, his short legs and tousled hair and sallow skin. The only criticism Al could leverage was, “You should shave. This look doesn’t work for you.” Llewyn sat back down on the couch before he replied, “And you should lose the cowboy hat and use your real name. The country shit really doesn’t work for you.” Al had had enough of being nice. He had had enough of Llewyn Davis, of Llewyn needing Al because Al was all he had left, and of Al wanting Llewyn because Llewyn was everything completely wrong for him. “Fuck you, Llew,” said Al. He put his glass in the sink. Llewyn glared at him and retorted, “It’s Llewyn. I don’t like ‘Llew.’” Al glared back and replied, “I don’t care. It’s easier to say.” “You don’t really have a girlfriend, do you?” said Llewyn, and Al flinched. Llewyn knew—of course he knew. He probably knew right away that the girlfriend was an invention meant to get rid of him. The real question was how much else did Llewyn know. Did Llewyn know Al would prefer a boyfriend over a girlfriend any day of the week? Did Llewyn know Al wanted that boyfriend to be sullen and cocky with smoldering brown eyes and a beard that didn’t work for him? “It’s okay,” Llewyn said abruptly. He looked almost sorry. “I get it, you lied so I wouldn’t hang around. But you don’t have to lie. I’m leaving tomorrow. Tomorrow morning.” Al tried to say “Good” and couldn’t, because it wasn’t. Sure, it was better , better that Llewyn went and Al never saw him again, but Al couldn’t kid himself that it would be good . Llewyn was right about the water making Al need to piss, though, and Al used that as a reason to escape. Al wasn’t sure what made him confess as he passed the couch and Llewyn, “You’re right. I don’t really have a girlfriend.” When he’d finished in the bathroom, Al went to his bedroom and put his laundry away. He intended to go straight to bed after that so he wouldn’t have to see Llewyn again, but then he heard music coming from the living room. After a moment, Al realized he was hearing his own voice. Once he was done with the laundry, Al went back down the hall and stood in the doorway. Llewyn was sitting on the couch, listening to the end of the last song on the A side of Five & Twenty Questions. Al watched him, took in the thoughtful expression on Llewyn’s tired face, the ugly bruising around his eye, the slight part between his sculpted lips. He was lost in the music, in Al’s voice. Llewyn noticed Al when he got up to flip the record. He stopped and looked at Al watching him. “What are you doing?” Al asked him. “I wanted to hear what you sound like by yourself,” Llewyn told him. He looked away to turn the record over and start the arm moving across the B side. “You have a good voice.” It was the first non-backhanded compliment he’d ever paid Al. “Thanks,” Al murmured. He knew he should just go to bed, but he went to the couch instead and sat down and put his arms up along the back. Llewyn stood at the record player and watched it spin the record as the needle vibrated out the sound of Al singing “Henry Lee.” Then Llewyn came and sat down on the couch beside Al, and he stayed there while they listened to the rest of the album. When it was over, Llewyn said, “I don’t see much money here. But I guess you don’t either.” Al supposed he should be offended, but Llewyn said it in a tired way, almost like he was commiserating. So Al only said, “No. But I’m not giving up.” Llewyn was sitting close beside him, and Al could feel the warmth of Llewyn’s body on his side. Llewyn had to be cold though, wearing just his t-shirt and shorts. Al curled his arm a little around Llewyn’s shoulders and went on, “Every time you have to make a decision, you get a choice. If I keep choosing long enough, eventually I’ll make the right one.” “I won’t,” said Llewyn. Al heard him sigh, and Llewyn looked over at the window. “Maybe in another life, you were an asshole and I was a nice guy. But not anymore.” And that was it, that was the small glimpse of self-awareness that redeemed Llewyn Davis. There was self-awareness, but there was also a hopelessness in Llewyn’s voice that made Al want to help him. It was different from the look Llewyn gave Al when he wanted something, because this wasn’t calculated. This was Llewyn giving up, and it made Al want to give him something to hope for. It made Al want to love him. Al sighed and tilted his head back on the couch and against the wall. He was giving up too. “Fuck me,” he said. “I knew this would happen if I let you stay long enough.” Llewyn quipped, “You knew I would fuck you if you let me stay long enough?” It might have just been another one of the jokes Llewyn thought were funny, but then he leaned his head back against Al’s arm. Al’s heartbeat quickened, and Llewyn asked, “Do you mean ‘fuck’ literally or figuratively?” “It was an epithet,” Al mumbled. “I didn’t mean you, specifically, fucking me.” “Oh,” said Llewyn. He didn’t move his head, and he added, “Well, if you did, and you meant it literally, at least you won’t get pregnant if the condom breaks.” Al had given up on trying to dislike Llewyn, but he hadn’t expected the surrender to lead to this . He still thought Llewyn might be trying to be funny. In case that was it, Al elaborated, “I meant that I’m an idiot because I knew that if I spent enough time around you, I would find something to like about you. And I let you stay anyway.” Llewyn didn’t reply, and he still didn’t move his head. Al sighed and made a quip of his own. “And I don’t even have any condoms.” “Of course you don’t,” said Llewyn, right away. “Neither do I. I don’t care.” Al felt Llewyn turn his head and look up at him, but Al didn’t move. He was afraid to move. Up to that point, he’d known what to expect; he’d had Llewyn figured out. Now everything had changed. “So, want me to fuck you?” Llewyn asked him. Al finally looked back down at him. Llewyn was watching him with those eyes, that slight wrinkle of perplexity between his brows. Llewyn didn’t look sure about anything either. “Yeah,” Al ventured. “You got any lube?” “No,” said Al. “I got Vaseline though. That’d probably work.” “Why do you have Vaseline?” asked Llewyn. Al shrugged. “It’s winter. It’s good for chapped lips.” “Oh,” said Llewyn. He drew his lower lip into his mouth thoughtfully. “I guess it would be. You gonna let me come in you? I’ll pull out if you want me to.” “You can come in me,” said Al. “Okay.” Llewyn just looked at him until Al got up and went to the hall. “Well, come on,” Al muttered, and Llewyn followed him to the bedroom. Al found the Vaseline and turned off his lamp; enough light from the street came in through the window for him to see Llewyn, and it made Llewyn’s skin look blue-white and his bruises stand out. Al pulled the bedsheets down while Llewyn stripped out of his shirt. When Llewyn tugged off his shorts, Al swallowed and shrugged out of his bathrobe. “Fuck,” said Llewyn. “What?” Al muttered. He sat down on the bed. “Your cock,” said Llewyn. “I didn’t think it would be that big.” He sat down next to Al, and they looked at each other a second before Llewyn said, “Look, if you don’t want to do this, just say so.” “I want to,” said Al. “I’m just nervous.” “Don’t be nervous.” Llewyn looked up at him, and Al wanted to kiss him. He wanted it more than he wanted Llewyn to fuck him. Llewyn said again, “Don’t be nervous. Why’re you nervous? Fucking’s not worth getting nervous over.” He dropped his head to look down at his bare knees. “I’m not worth getting nervous over.” “Yeah you are,” said Al, before he could talk himself out of being honest, at least a little. “Come here.” He put his arm around Llewyn’s shoulders and drew him closer, and put his other hand on Llewyn’s cock. Al thought Llewyn might pull away from his arm, but Llewyn leaned into him. His cock started to swell in Al’s hand, and Llewyn rocked his hips up. “Fuck,” Llewyn breathed, then after a minute, “Fuck, that’s good.” His whole body twitched against Al’s side; then he dropped his hand into Al’s lap and closed his fingers around Al’s erection. “Damn, you’re already fucking hard,” Llewyn muttered. He looked down, and Al looked down too at Llewyn’s small, tan hand stroking him. The sight made him get even harder. Al tilted his head back and groaned, “Oh fuck ,” when Llewyn flicked his thumb in just the right spot under the head. “You need it bad, don’t you?” Llewyn observed. “You’re leaking all over the place.” Al lifted his head to glare at him, but Llewyn wasn’t mocking him. He put his free hand to Al’s chest and pushed until Al lay back. He kept stroking Al the whole time, smearing Al’s precum down his shaft. “You need it, you need me to fuck you,” Llewyn said. He thrust into Al’s hand, and Al tightened it around him again and pulled. “Yeah,” he said. “I need you to fuck me, Llew. I need you.” “Shit,” Llewyn hissed. He leaned over Al to grab the jar of Vaseline and fumbled the lid off. “Here, lube me up.” Al stuck his fingers in the Vaseline then smeared it up and down Llewyn’s cock and began to jerk it again. The heat from their skin melted the Vaseline and turned it slick instead of tacky. Al let go and was about to stick his fingers in the jar again when Llewyn said, “No, that’s good, that’s enough.” “No, I’ve gotta—I need some on me too,” Al mumbled. “In me.” “Let me do it,” said Llewyn. Al stared at him, but Llewyn was already digging around in the jar. “You keep jacking me, just don’t let me come.” So Al wrapped his fist around Llewyn’s cock and kept pumping it while Llewyn pushed Al’s thighs apart and his knees up and reached under him. Al felt Llewyn push a finger in him, and he drew in a hiss of breath through his teeth. Llewyn stopped moving. “That hurt?” he asked. “Fuck no, don’t stop,” muttered Al. “Feels good.” Llewyn leaned over him, pushing up into Al’s fist with awkward little thrusts, and fucked Al with his finger. It did feel good, but it wasn’t enough. “Put in two,” Al told Llewyn. “Yeah, you want more?” Llewyn’s voice sounded raspy. “Tell me you want it.” “I want more.” Al looked up at him. Llewyn was looking at his body, but then he lifted his eyes to Al’s face and watched it as he pushed two fingers in. “Fuck,” Al breathed. He licked his lips and kept staring at Llewyn. A quick little smile curled Llewyn’s perfect mouth. “You feel tight,” he said; then he looked down and watched himself fingering Al. Al closed his eyes and tilted his head back, trying not to think about Llewyn looking at him there. Llewyn was good with his fingers, and Al gasped. “Llew,” he groaned. “Yeah, Al?” Llewyn scissored his fingers inside Al, and Al gasped. “You want something?” “Nngh,” said Al. “You’re so fucking hard,” Llewyn said. Al felt Llewyn’s other hand close over his cock and start stroking it again. “You want it now, you want me to fuck you? “Yeah,” said Al. “Say it.” “Want you to fuck me,” Al groaned. “God, Llewyn, fuck me, fuck me hard.” Llewyn swore again under his breath. He got behind Al and pushed Al’s long legs up; then he thrust his cock in all the way, in one quick movement. “ Shit, ” Al yelped at the pain, and he clenched up. “Fuck, sorry,” gasped Llewyn. He clutched Al’s thighs to his chest, calves on either side of his head, and stared down at Al staring back up. “Does it hurt?” “Fuck yes you’re hurting me, hold on,” Al growled. He closed his eyes and breathed. Llewyn burned inside him, and Al felt the smaller man’s body trembling against his legs. “Want me to pull out?” “ No .” Al managed to relax, and the burning faded. He tensed around Llewyn’s cock, feeling it hard and unyielding inside him, and Llewyn groaned. “Oh God, fuck, Al. . . .” Al opened his eyes again at the sound of Llewyn moaning his fake name. Llewyn was still watching him, those incredible eyes heavy-lidded, with his cheek pressed to Al’s left calf. Al tensed again, and Llewyn’s lips parted in a gasp. Al’s own lips twitched in a half-smile to see how much he could make Llewyn want him. “Please,” Llewyn hissed. “Go on,” said Al, “fuck me, Llewyn.” He watched Llewyn’s face as the smaller man gripped his thighs and started fucking him. It didn’t hurt anymore, and Al pushed back against each thrust. Llewyn grunted and swore and fucked Al harder, hunching forward between his legs with dark curls of hair falling over his forehead. Al rocked backward then up, curving his back so he could reach Llewyn and hold on to his hips. Al’s fingers sank into a half inch of flesh and felt bone beneath it. They didn’t speak until Llewyn’s angle shifted, and his cock drove up into Al’s prostate, and Al gave a harsh groan. “That good?” Llewyn hissed. “Yeah—” Al cut himself off with another groan when Llewyn did it again. He came the third time Llewyn did it; it had been too long, and he was already too in love with Llewyn, for him to last any longer. He moaned, “Oh God, Llew, Llew ,” and held Llewyn in against him. Al’s hands squeezed the smaller man’s tight ass and felt his gluteal muscles clenching as Llewyn started to come too, inside him. Llewyn growled deep in his throat and shuddered. When Al had finished, he lay there with his eyes closed, breathing hard and trembling. Out of his limited range of experience, Llewyn was the best he’d ever had. Llewyn stayed hunched over him a few seconds before pulling out; Al hated the empty feeling he got after. But then Llewyn lay on top of him, apparently not caring that Al’s cum was all over his chest and stomach, and when Al opened his eyes, the smaller man was looking down at him. “Arthur,” Llewyn said. “You really shouldn’t get your name changed.” Al glared at him. “Because the country shit doesn’t work for me?” Llewyn replied, “Because I like ‘Arthur’ better than ‘Al.’ I can’t yell ‘Al!’ when I fuck you. I’d sound stupid.” The statement implied that Llewyn fucking him wasn’t a one-time thing, and Al wondered if Llewyn meant it. “And I’d sound stupid if I yelled ‘Llewyn.’ Who said I was going to let you fuck me again, anyway?” Al muttered. “Yeah, you let me,” Llewyn retorted. “Like you did me some huge favor. I don’t even fuck guys.” “Neither do I.” “Could’ve fooled me. I wasn’t your first,” said Llewyn. Al felt his cheeks burn, and he glared up at Llewyn, wondering, How did he know? Llewyn looked back down at him then said, “You don’t have to lie. You weren’t mine, either. Just my first sober.” “Third. Second sober,” Al finally admitted. He shut his eyes and bit his lip, then added, “First to make me come. The other times, I had to jerk off after.” He wasn’t sure if that made him less or more homosexual. “You came a lot,” Llewyn observed. “It’s been a while,” Al muttered by way of defense. “And I told you, drinking water is healthy. Doesn’t just make you piss all the time.” “What do you like about me?” asked Llewyn, out of nowhere. Al opened one eye and squinted up at the bruised, handsome face peering down at him. “You said you knew you’d find something to like about me. What is it?” “Hell if I know,” said Al. If he tried to explain it, Llewyn would think he was crazy. Al closed his eye again and said, “You made me come.” “You said it before we fucked, so it was something else.” Al groaned, “I don’t know . You’re beautiful. And there’s something in you.” He was really just saying the same thing over and over. He opened his eyes. Llewyn was still looking down at him, that crease of worry or concern or whatever it was back between his brows, and even with the black eye and the bruises, he was the most desirable thing Al had ever seen. Al wanted to touch him, and he put his hand up near the side of Llewyn’s head but couldn’t quite lay it against the tousled dark hair. “Jim said you don’t care about anybody anymore except yourself, but he was wrong,” Al whispered. “You don’t even care about yourself.” He couldn’t put the rest into words, the idea that Llewyn’s lack of caring made Al want him all the more. He shoved his fingers into Llewyn’s hair and ran them back around his head. Al couldn’t say he wanted to take care of Llewyn, that he wanted to be the only one who did, that he wanted Llewyn to love him, or that he wanted any of the other dozen things he could never have, so he said, “But maybe you were a nice guy in another life, because there’s something of that still in you.” Llewyn promptly returned, “And you’re still a little bit of an asshole.” Before Al could think of a comeback, or even lift his hand from the back of Llewyn’s head, Llewyn kissed him. “Mmpgh!” said Al, more or less. Llewyn’s mouth was on his without preamble, open with his tongue prodding Al’s lips, and Al wondered how this had all happened. How had he gone from recording backup vocals on some stupid song of Jim Berkey’s to being kissed by the last man he’d ever expected to want him? Things like that didn’t happen to Al. Improbable things happened to Al all the time, true, but never good things. And Al decided that Llewyn Davis kissing him was a good thing, despite all the evidence to the contrary. Al opened his mouth under Llewyn’s, and Llewyn’s tongue pushed in between his lips, and Al sucked on it, hard. Llewyn groaned like he had when he came and opened his mouth wider to fit it over Al’s, and Al clenched his fingers in Llewyn’s hair and held his head down and kissed him. When Al was breathless and his lips hurt, he let go of Llewyn’s hair. Llewyn lifted his head, gasping a harsh breath, and they stared at each other in the secondhand light coming in from the street. “Oh fuck, Llew,” Al whispered. Llewyn put a hand to his mouth and wiped their spit off his lips with the back of it; then he rolled to Al’s right, off of him. Al thought he was going to get up and go to the couch without a word, but instead Llewyn stayed there in Al’s narrow bed with his bruise-splotched back pressed to Al’s side. Al fell asleep without moving, with his mouth and ass both hurting a little and his heartbeat slowing except for a flutter whenever he thought about Llewyn kissing him. When Al woke up, it was daylight, but early. Llewyn was still asleep, and Al was holding him, spooning. Llewyn’s hair felt soft pressed to Al’s cheek, and his back was warm against Al’s chest, and his stomach moved in and out with each breath under Al’s arm. Al held him until Llewyn stirred and grumbled. He pulled away from Al and got up, then stumbled to the bathroom. Al realized he had to piss too, and he got up when Llewyn came back. “Fuck,” Al muttered. Llewyn was burrowing back into bed, escaping the cold, and he looked up. “What?” “Nothing.” Some of Llewyn’s cum had run down Al’s thighs during the night, and Al’s own cum was dried on his chest. Al mumbled, “I’m gonna go take a shower.” “Before I fuck you again?” Llewyn asked. He pulled the sheet over his head. “Shit, it’s cold.” “I still didn’t say I was going to let you fuck me again.” Al shivered in the cold and looked down at the bed and the shape of Llewyn’s body in it. “Go piss or whatever it is you got up for,” grumbled Llewyn, “and come back to bed. And don’t bother cleaning up. I want to fuck you again with my cum still in you.” When he returned from the bathroom, Al got back in bed. Llewyn was jerking off under the covers, and as soon as Al lay down beside him, he grasped Al’s hand and put it on his cock. Al started stroking him, and Llewyn thrust into his hand. “Fuck, Al,” Llewyn breathed. Al put an arm around Llewyn and drew him closer, and Llewyn didn’t try to pull away. He curled into Al’s body and groaned against his shoulder. After a second, Al bent his head to kiss Llewyn’s neck, and Llewyn fumbled between Al’s legs and began to grope him. As Al licked and bit at his skin, Llewyn tilted his head back and swore; then he contorted himself to press his mouth to Al’s chest. Al felt the rough scratch of Llewyn’s beard over one nipple, then Llewyn’s tongue teasing it erect, then Llewyn’s lips closing over it and sucking. Al gasped, “Shit, oh God, Llew!” He heard Llewyn’s laugh, rough and scratchy like his beard. Al kissed his neck and shoulder the way he wanted to kiss Llewyn’s mouth. Llewyn rolled on his back and pulled Al on top of him. He stretched out an arm to fumble blindly for the Vaseline and stuck his fingers in it. “Ride me,” Llewyn growled. He reached behind Al and smeared the Vaseline on them both. “Sit on my cock and ride me.” Al rubbed back against Llewyn’s cock then sank down on it slowly, gasping. Llewyn held his hips and fucked him, looking up at Al’s face with his eyelids half lowered and his lips parted. Al leaned forward and braced his hands on either side of Llewyn’s chest and looked down into Llewyn’s eyes as he moved on his cock. Llewyn came first, swearing, then collapsed on his back and closed his eyes. But then his hand closed over Al’s cock and jerked it until Al came too. This time, Llewyn didn’t show any signs of wanting to kiss Al afterwards, and by the time Al got up to take his shower, Llewyn had fallen asleep again. Al showered and washed off the Vaseline and Llewyn’s cum, then went back to the bedroom to get his bathrobe. Llewyn didn’t wake up until Al was in the kitchen; then Al heard him start the shower. Al was washing the dishes when Llewyn came in and finished packing up his stuff. “Do you want to go get breakfast?” Al asked Llewyn, without looking back at him. “I’ll buy.” He wasn’t surprised when Llewyn said, “No, I need to get going.” Llewyn went to the door and stood there. Al took his time finishing the dishes, then looked at Llewyn. “Yeah,” he said. Llewyn had a strange look on his face that Al couldn’t quite read. “Thank you for letting me stay,” he said. “And for the ice pack and the laundry.” “Yeah,” Al said. He went to the door and held it open for Llewyn to take his stuff out into the hall. He was still a little sore from Llewyn fucking him, but other than that, he tried not to feel anything. Out in the hall, Llewyn turned back to him and said, “Don’t forget to write me and tell me where you are.” He looked up at Al standing in the doorway. Llewyn said, “So I can come see you and get my guitar. It’ll be something to look forward to.” Al muttered, “Getting your guitar back,” and kept trying not to feel anything. He thought he did pretty well, but the faint crease appeared between Llewyn’s eyebrows, and he said, “Seeing you again.” “You don’t have to lie,” Al said. It was getting harder not to feel anything, because he didn’t want Llewyn to be lying. “I’m not lying,” said Llewyn. “I’ll look forward to seeing you again.” Al shouldn’t—he knew he shouldn’t—but he reached out a hand toward Llewyn. Llewyn dropped the bags he was carrying and stepped close enough for Al to touch his face. Al slid his fingers over Llewyn’s beard along his jaw, and Llewyn kept looking at him with those half-closed eyes. Al put his other hand in Llewyn’s hair and pulled him forward. When Llewyn came to him, Al leaned down to kiss him. And Llewyn kissed him back, lifting his hands to Al’s head and clenching his fingers into his hair. Al was glad he’d decided to grow it out some, because there was more for Llewyn to hold on to. They kissed there, out in the hall where Al’s neighbors could walk right out of their door and see them, and Al didn’t care. He didn’t stop kissing Llewyn until his lips and jaw and face all hurt. “Fuck, Llew,” Al breathed when Llewyn stepped back and looked up at him again. “You really should lose the beard. It’s scratchy.” Llewyn’s pretty mouth quirked, and he almost smiled. “I’ll lose the beard when you lose the cowboy hat, Arthur,” said Llewyn. He picked up his bags and turned to go down the hall, and Al went back inside. The apartment still seemed like a dump, but it felt larger and too quiet without Llewyn. He’d left his albums behind, again, and Al went over and picked one up. He took his own album off the player and put Llewyn’s on, then sat down on the couch and listened to it and looked at the picture of Llewyn on the sleeve. It didn’t really look like Llewyn, not the Llewyn Al knew. I’m never going to see him again, Al thought. The day before, Llewyn had written down how Al could reach him, and if Al really did move, he’d send Llewyn his new address and give Llewyn every chance to retrieve his guitar. But he won’t. He said he wants a fresh start, and that won’t include his guitar. And it sure won’t include me. But he kept the guitar, and he kept one of Llewyn’s albums, and he didn’t sleep with anyone else for the whole year Llewyn was away. And when Llewyn knocked on the door of his new house late one Friday night, Al—back to going by Arthur by then—let him in. Llewyn had come back for the guitar, and he’d come back for Arthur, and he never left either of them again. -- Chapter end Chapter 4 August, 1961 While he was in the Merchant Marines, Llewyn never got any mail, because he hadn’t told anyone where he was going. Then, almost six months in, he got a letter, and it was from Al Cody. Llewyn had tried not to think about Al too much. When he first went in the Marines, he’d decided to swear off sex for a while, even before they shipped out, and he didn’t believe that thinking about past one-night stands would make that any easier. Soon enough, he’d forgotten about Al, more or less, and then he got Al’s letter. It was short. Al had moved, and he sent Llewyn his new address. The address was to a house, not an apartment, and Al didn’t write anything personal. Llewyn wondered if he’d moved in with someone, or gotten married. Then as he folded the letter back up, he saw what Al had added at the very bottom of the paper: “Come get your guitar when you get out. I’ll be glad to see you. -Al” He’ll be glad to see me, Llewyn thought. No one was ever glad to see Llewyn. He didn’t write Al back, but he kept thinking about Al anyway. He thought about Al on the ship; he thought about Al in port, unloading and loading; and he thought about Al on shore leave, when Llewyn went to find a hooker for his first lay since he shipped out. He’d planned on finding a girl, but thinking about Al, he considered finding a guy instead. Then he thought more about Al and how he’d never find a hooker, even a male one, anything like him. Llewyn changed his mind and went back to the ship, and since everyone else was out on shore leave and he had some privacy, he jacked off thinking about Al. It didn’t really satisfy him, but he came hard, and he wouldn’t have been satisfied with a hooker either. Llewyn regretted his fixation, or his sentimentality, or whatever it was, once they’d shipped out again and his only option for getting laid was hitting up one of the other Marines. He doubted he’d have trouble finding one willing—they were all pretty desperate—but again, none of them was anything like Al. Every time Llewyn came close to hooking up with someone, he’d think about Al’s dark eyes and the desperate way Al had kissed him, and he’d change his mind. I’m not in love with him, Llewyn thought. Llewyn Davis didn’t fall in love. Love was something he talked about, a word he threw around to get what he needed, and he didn’t need anything from Al now except to get his guitar back. Al would give back the guitar no matter how many other people Llewyn fucked while he was gone. Llewyn could even tell Al he’d been fucking other people, because Al wouldn’t care. To Al, Llewyn was just some asshole friend of Jim’s that Al did a few favors for, because Al was a nice guy. And if Llewyn was a good lay willing to fuck an otherwise nice guy up the ass in return for it, that was fine, but it didn’t mean Al cared about him. Out at sea, Llewyn lay in his bunk and thought about Al’s ass, and fucking it, and how tight it had been even the second time around, and he stroked his cock under cover of his blanket while biting his lip to keep himself quiet. He thought about how Al had grabbed his ass when he came, deep voice hissing, “Oh God, Llew, Llew ,” and Llewyn came too. Again, it wasn’t all that satisfying, but afterwards, Llewyn was finally able to go to sleep. He didn’t dream about Al. He dreamed about his guitar. But Llewyn thought about Al for the next couple weeks and finally decided he should write back. It was the polite thing to do. He thanked Al for holding on to the guitar and expressed his hopes that Al liked his new home. Before signing his name, Llewyn read back over the note and decided it was good enough. Then he thought about how Al had looked at him standing in the doorway of the dumpy apartment, the way a hurt look had flickered through Al’s dark eyes. He thought about how Al’s voice had sounded saying, “You’re beautiful,” and how his hand had felt raking through Llewyn’s hair. Llewyn scrawled across the bottom of the note, “I want out already—hate this shit, all of it, and I can’t get off. Wish I had you under me right now, I’d fuck your brains out. Soon as I get back, I’m coming for you.” He paused, pen hovering over the paper, then signed it “Llew” without rereading what he’d written. Al didn’t write back. He’d sent his new phone number along with his address, and Llewyn thought about calling him, but it would have cost too much. And anyway, if Al had wanted to talk to Llewyn, he would have written again. Llewyn felt stupid for adding what he’d added—the thank you was nice and acceptable, but telling Al that he missed him, that had been stupid. That’s not what I told him, Llewyn thought. I said I wanted to fuck him again. That doesn’t mean I miss him. Llewyn tried not to think about Al anymore after that, but sometimes he reread Al’s letter to him, and he jerked off imagining it was Al’s hand on his cock, and he didn’t ever get around to fucking anyone else. -- February, 1962 When he got back to New York, Llewyn went to find Al’s new address. Llewyn would have gone somewhere else first, but he didn’t think anyone else would want to see him. Not that Al wanted to see him either, but Llewyn had an excuse—a reason to go to Al. Al lived in the middle of nowhere, about thirty minutes out of the city by car, and Llewyn had to walk the last couple of miles because no one was driving into Al’s neighborhood. It was a nice neighborhood, very suburban, like the kind of place Ozzie and Harriet would have lived. Llewyn thought he’d probably go crazy if he had to live there, and he wondered why Al had chosen it. He finally got to Al’s house and double-checked the number, then stood outside for a while. The curtains were closed in the front, but the lights were on, and a glow from them filtered out into the dark yard. Llewyn wondered if it was really Al’s house, if he had made a mistake somehow, or if Al had lied. That’s stupid, Llewyn thought, why would he bother to write at all if he was going to lie? Still, it didn’t seem possible that Al Cody would have moved out of the city to a house like that, just like it didn’t seem possible that Al Cody could be on the other side of the front door after Llewyn hadn’t seen him for a whole year. I can’t stand out here all night, Llewyn thought, and he knocked on the door. Al opened the door, looked down at Llewyn, and said, “I thought you’d call first.” He was wearing a suit, but he’d grown out his hair some, and it looked rumpled. His eyes hadn’t changed. “I didn’t want to call until I knew I could find this place.” Llewyn gestured at the house and lawn and neighborhood. “This is the sticks, Al.” “Well, you found it. I wasn’t expecting you,” said Al. He didn’t sound, or look, very happy to see Llewyn, but he stepped out of the doorway so Llewyn could come in. Llewyn looked around at Al’s living room and the attached kitchen off to his right. It was a nice looking house, better than the apartment, but not the kind of place he’d expected Al to live. There wasn’t a lot in the way of furniture, and it was all very clean, and Llewyn wondered again if Al lived with someone. “Do you still have my guitar?” Llewyn asked Al. “Of course,” said Al. “I told you I did.” He turned around and went into a hall at the back of the living room. Llewyn shifted his weight from foot to foot and looked down at his bags on the carpeted floor. I shouldn’t be here, Llewyn thought. Al came back with Llewyn’s guitar case and set it down on the floor. “There,” he said. Llewyn knelt down and opened the case. Al watched him pick up the guitar and look it over and smile. Llewyn tucked it back into the case and closed it up, then stood up and looked at Al. “Thanks, Al,” he said. “It’s Arthur,” Al told him. Llewyn stared at him; it took him a minute to remember Al’s real name. Al looked vaguely embarrassed, the way he had a year ago when Llewyn asked who Arthur Milgrum was, and said, “I decided not to get it changed.” “Okay, Arthur. I’m still Llewyn,” said Llewyn. “Okay, Llew,” said Arthur. “Fuck you,” said Llewyn, although he was starting to kind of like it when Al, Arthur called him “Llew.” Arthur trudged past him to the sink in the kitchen. “Do you need a place to sleep?” he asked. Llewyn said, “That’s not why I came by. I came for my guitar.” When Arthur muttered, “I know,” he sounded exasperated, and like he didn’t believe it. Llewyn looked around the room again. What little furniture there was looked new, and Llewyn wondered who had picked it out. Llewyn asked, “That’s a new couch, isn’t it?” Arthur turned back to him and walked to the edge of the open kitchen holding a glass of water. “Yes,” he said. “And you aren’t being very subtle.” Llewyn looked over his shoulder and glared at Arthur. He had just been making an observation, not implying that he wanted to sleep on the couch. “But if you shower first, I’ll let you sleep in an actual bed,” Arthur told him. “I have a guest room now. My old bed’s in there.” “You’ve sold out, Al,” said Llewyn. He couldn’t imagine Al Cody with a guest room. “Royalties,” said Arthur. It was just what Llewyn had suspected, but he hadn’t suspected the second part: “And I have a job.” Llewyn turned to face Arthur and insisted, “You’ve sold out. Do you still play anymore?” When Arthur shook his head no, Llewyn went on, “Sing? Write?” Arthur just kept shaking his head. “Jesus Christ, I’m gone a year, and you give up,” Llewyn muttered. Arthur was like a different person now, even less like the kind of person who would sleep with Llewyn than he had been a year ago. “You said you weren’t giving up until you made the right choice.” Arthur scowled at him, dark eyes glittering, and said, “Fuck you, Llewyn. You gave up first, you and your fresh start. The only difference is that you have a guitar, and I have a bed. Two beds, and a couch.” He turned away and went back to the sink. “Sometimes giving up is the right choice,” Arthur went on. Llewyn was still thinking about the implication of “you have a guitar, and I have a bed.” “You sold your guitar?” Llewyn groaned. “Yes. I sold my guitar.” Arthur didn’t say anything else, and Llewyn watched him leaning over the sink. The suit looked good on Arthur, and so did the longer hairstyle. He looked handsome. “I met somebody,” said Llewyn. He wanted to see how Arthur would react, but Arthur didn’t react. He didn’t move from the sink. “Good,” said Arthur. “That’s great.” After a minute, he straightened up, filled another glass of water, and drank it down. He glanced at Llewyn and scowled again. “Go take a shower. Bathroom’s right over there.” He gestured at a door behind Llewyn, near the hall, then added, “You can do your own laundry, I have a machine.” Arthur put down his glass and stalked past Llewyn toward the hall, not looking at him again. Llewyn grabbed at his arm. “Arthur, it didn’t work out,” Llewyn said. That didn’t get a reaction either, except that Arthur pulled his arm away. “What didn’t?” “The person I met,” Llewyn said. “And me.” The person Llewyn had met was fictional, but then, so was Al Cody, and that obviously hadn’t worked out. Llewyn wasn’t really lying. “Okay,” Arthur said. “Go take a shower, if you’re staying here tonight. You’re filthy.” Llewyn showered in the bathroom off the living room. It was little, but it was still bigger than the bathroom in Al’s old apartment. The water was hot, and the soap reminded him of how Al had smelled when Llewyn slept in his arms, a year ago. Llewyn got out and toweled off—the guest towels were fluffy and didn’t feel like they’d ever been used before—then pulled his shorts back on. Llewyn studied himself in the mirror, raked his hands through his wet hair, and trimmed his beard a little. All the clothes in his bags were dirty, so he balled up the rest of what he’d been wearing and dropped it on top when he came back into the living room. Arthur wasn’t there, and Llewyn went looking for him. He was standing in a small bedroom devoid of personal effects, looking at the bed. He had undressed and was wearing the same bathrobe he’d had a year ago. Llewyn waited in the doorway, but Arthur didn’t notice him. Finally, Llewyn asked, “This where I’m sleeping?” and Arthur turned around. “I guess,” he said. He looked Llewyn over then said, “You need a haircut. And a shave.” “Do you still have that cowboy hat?” Llewyn glared at Arthur and started back to the living room and his bags as he asked, “Where’s the washing machine?” Arthur showed him—it was in a small laundry room off the other side of the hall—and disappeared. Llewyn dumped his clothes in and added some soap and started the washer. He watched the machine shaking, then went back into the living room. Arthur was there holding his glass. Llewyn stood next to him and held his hand out. “I’m thirsty,” he said. He wondered what Arthur would do. Arthur stared up at him, but then he just handed the glass over. Llewyn drank from it and watched Arthur at the same time. As Arthur took the glass back, he asked, “Have you eaten? I’m sorry, I should have asked.” He really looked sorry. “I eat dinner out most nights, but I probably have something.” “It’s okay. I’m not hungry,” Llewyn said. He turned away from Arthur and looked at the rest of the couch instead. He asked, “You eat out? Are you seeing someone?” “I don’t like to cook,” said Arthur. “It isn’t worth it, just for me.” He didn’t say anything else, so Llewyn sat down on the opposite end of the couch with a lot of distance between them. Arthur glanced at him and said, “You should put on a shirt.” Llewyn looked down at his bare chest and wondered why Arthur didn’t want to see it. “Look, do you want me to leave?” Llewyn muttered. “I’ll leave. I know it’s been months since I heard from you, but I didn’t have anywhere else to go.” “Make up your mind,” snapped Arthur, “either you need to stay or you don’t. If I tell you I want you to leave, where will you go?” He does want me to leave, Llewyn thought, and he shrugged. “I don’t know. I’ll hitch back to the city. Not everyone there can still be pissed at me. It’s been a year.” Arthur didn’t say anything else, just sat there looking at him, and finally Llewyn gave up. He said, “For Christ’s sake, Arthur,” and got up. He raked a hand through his hair, trying to get it dry before he had to go back out in the cold weather, and went over to his guitar case. “I’ll leave, okay, soon as my clothes are dry,” he said. “Why didn’t you just hand my guitar out the door? Why are you so fucking nice about it?” “About what?” asked Arthur. “I don’t know.” Llewyn didn’t know how to put it into words, and he shrugged instead. Finally, the best he could do was to say, “About us. About it not working out.” He heard Arthur’s deep voice mutter, “What? There wasn’t any ‘us.’ There wasn’t even any ‘it ’ to work out. I did you a favor. I did you several favors, and you left. You didn’t call. You met somebody.” Arthur sounded upset now , but he hadn’t cared before. Llewyn muttered, “I met you , and it didn’t work out. I didn’t call— you didn’t call. You didn’t write back. But you’re too fucking nice . Just tell me to fuck off.” He closed his eyes and shivered and wished that Arthur would do it and get it over with. But Arthur just grumbled, “For the love of God, why don’t you ever wear any clothes?” Llewyn heard him walking away, and when he looked back, Arthur was going down the hall. Llewyn sighed and turned back to contemplate his guitar case and wonder how far he’d have to walk before he could hitch a ride. Then Arthur came back and got in between Llewyn and the case. He put his long arms around Llewyn and draped something over his shoulders. It was a shirt, a hideous one with some kind of Indian-blanket-looking pattern on it in gold and burgundy and turquoise. It smelled like Arthur, like Al. Arthur grabbed one of Llewyn’s wrists and shoved his hand into the sleeve. Llewyn put his arm through, then the other arm, and before he could start to button up the shirt, Arthur began doing it. Llewyn looked down at the large, pale hands with their long fingers moving over the buttons. “Al, this is the ugliest fucking shirt I have ever seen,” Llewyn said. The long sleeves covered his hands, and it was warm. All of Llewyn felt warm now except his feet. “Fuck you, Llew,” Arthur cursed him. “What are you going to do now?” The shirt didn’t really change anything. Arthur was being a nice guy, like usual. Too nice for his own good, like usual. “Wait for my clothes to dry and leave,” Llewyn answered. Arthur had finished with most of the buttons, all of them except the top couple, and he was still holding the front of the shirt like he was thinking about buttoning the rest. “No. I mean, now that you’re back,” he said. “Are you going back to performing? Or shipping out again, or getting another job, or what?” “I don’t know,” said Llewyn. He looked up into Arthur’s dark eyes. They were a darker brown even than Llewyn’s, not mahogany but just a shade lighter than black. Llewyn couldn’t read Arthur’s expression. Llewyn muttered, “I thought. . . I don’t know.” Then Arthur said, “Don’t leave,” and he splayed his fingers over Llewyn’s chest. His fingertips were warm on the bare skin exposed by the open collar of the shirt. “Where did you go first?” Arthur asked Llewyn. “Before you came here.” “What?” Llewyn stared at him, baffled, then scowled. “I didn’t. I came here first. I told you, I didn’t call because I didn’t know how long it would take me to get here, or if I could get a ride. I had to walk the last couple miles. You live in a lovely little neighborhood in the middle of fucking nowhere.” He was talking too much, and when he stopped, Arthur said, “It’s the suburbs.” “It took me this long to get here,” Llewyn repeated. “I didn’t go anywhere else first.” Llewyn looked at Arthur’s mouth, the full lips slightly parted and chapped, and wondered if he’d run out of Vaseline. Then he looked back up into Arthur’s eyes and explained, “So if you kick me out, I still have other options.” “I’m not kicking you out,” said Arthur. His voice had fallen to a murmur. “You said when you came back, you were going to fuck me.” Llewyn stared at him. Was that what Arthur wanted? He had a funny way of showing it. “You want me to fuck you?” Llewyn asked, to clarify. But that wasn’t what Arthur wanted. “I want to fuck you ,” Arthur said. He dropped his hands from Llewyn’s chest to his waist, then reached behind him to grope his ass as he whispered, “I was thinking about it. I want to fuck you.” Now the deepness of his voice was garbled with a throaty quality, lustful, the way it had sounded when Llewyn made him come a year ago. Llewyn liked it. But he told Arthur, “No, you’re not fucking me. I don’t let guys fuck me.” Arthur’s hands felt good on his ass, large and possessive, and when Arthur squeezed him, Llewyn leaned against his chest. In disbelief, he muttered, “You were sitting there thinking about fucking me.” Arthur whispered to him, “Not just now. I meant, I was thinking about it in general. While you were gone.” His long arms tightened around Llewyn’s body, and his lips brushed Llewyn’s ear. “I thought about you.” Llewyn was pissed at him, and even as he clutched Arthur’s waist and pressed against his chest, he said, “You’re not nice. You’re an asshole. You let me think you didn’t want me here. So I’m leaving, you hear me? I’m leaving you.” He meant it, even though Arthur felt good against him, even though he felt like what Llewyn had been missing over the past year and before that, too. He started to lift his head so he could pull away, but then he put his mouth to Arthur’s neck instead and mumbled, “I thought about you too.” It was easier to admit without having to see Arthur’s eyes and their judgment of him. Llewyn whispered, “I thought about how you taste.” He tasted Arthur’s neck, and it tasted like Al’s had, a little salty, the delicate pale skin catching against Llewyn’s own chapped lips and his beard and his teeth and his tongue as he licked all the way up Arthur’s tendon to the pulse point below his ear. Llewyn bit him there, and Arthur gasped. “I thought about how tight your ass felt when I fucked you,” Llewyn told him. Arthur was grinding on him, the bulge of his cock rubbing against Llewyn’s abdomen through the robe and the shirt, and Llewyn’s own cock jumped when he thought about Arthur’s going in him. “You’re not putting that thing up my ass. You’re too big,” he said. Arthur murmured, “No, I’m not. It doesn’t have to hurt.” His voice sounded urgent, but then his hands tightened on Llewyn’s ass again, and he whispered almost tenderly, “You’re a virgin, aren’t you? When it comes to that.” “That turns you on, doesn’t it? Thinking about being the first guy to fuck my ass.” Llewyn said it like an accusation, but it turned him on, thinking about taking that big cock for his first, not just because it was big but because it was Arthur’s. Arthur said, “I want to be your first for something,” as he craned his neck around Llewyn’s. Llewyn felt Arthur’s lips against the back of his own neck, kissing him there. “You were,” Llewyn told him. “First guy I kissed. Only guy I’ve kissed.” He caught himself grinding on Arthur, rubbing his own erection against the larger man’s upper thigh, and he pulled back. He wanted Arthur’s cock, and he wanted Arthur’s mouth. Llewyn grasped the hair on the back of Arthur’s hair, grown out long and shaggy, and tugged on it to make Arthur look at him. The almost-black eyes weren’t accusing anymore; they were dilated and oddly tender. I have to figure this out, Llewyn thought, why I want this. “Really?” Arthur asked. “Yeah,” Llewyn told him. “I don’t kiss.” It was true, usually, but right then, he wanted to kiss Arthur. Llewyn yanked on Arthur’s hair and leaned up and kissed him. Arthur’s lips opened for him right away, and his tongue writhed against Llewyn’s. He groaned and tried to keep their mouths linked when Llewyn dropped away. “Llew,” Arthur whispered hoarsely, the way Llewyn liked. He was already leaning down to kiss Llewyn’s mouth again, as possessive with it was he was with Llewyn’s ass. Llewyn heard himself groan too. “Come to bed with me,” Arthur said when he paused his kisses. He didn’t straighten up, and Llewyn could feel Arthur’s breath on his lips. “My clothes. . . I’ll have to put them in the dryer,” Llewyn reminded him. He kissed Arthur again then added, “And when they’re dry, I’m leaving.” He didn’t want to leave, and he didn’t think Arthur wanted him to leave either, but Llewyn would insist on it. Arthur deserved it for stringing him along. And it’s not like I’m in love with him, Llewyn thought. I just need to get laid. I might as well do it with him since I’m already here, and after that, I’ll find somebody else. Out of everyone there is in New York City, I can find somebody else. Llewyn pushed his hands under Arthur’s worn robe, up his chest to his bony shoulders, then lifted his arms to knock the robe off. Arthur shivered, skin going up in goosebumps. Arthur had tied the robe shut at his waist, and it didn’t fall completely off until Llewyn untied it. “Don’t leave,” Arthur said as he took a step forward and sort of tripped over the robe. He kicked it aside without looking embarrassed at that, or at being completely naked and hard. Al had been a lot shier about his body. Arthur grasped Llewyn’s wrist and pulled him toward the hallway. “Stay,” he pleaded. “I want you to stay.” Llewyn had followed him even after Arthur let his arm go, but he stopped in the doorway of the room at the end of the hall when Arthur went in. Llewyn tugged his shorts down and tossed them on the floor, but he kept Arthur’s ugly shirt on. It was so big on him, it covered his hard-on. “You sure?” Llewyn asked Arthur. He wanted to hear it again. Arthur owed him that much. “I’m sure,” said Arthur. He was walking backward toward the bed, and he sat down on it when he reached it. The lamp was off, but from the light in the hallway, Llewyn could still see Arthur’s face and the hand the larger man held out to him. He murmured, “Stay with me, Llewyn.” Llewyn started for him before he said, “Okay, I’ll stay. But you’re not fucking me.” Arthur’s hand closed over his own and pulled Llewyn down into his lap, facing him, straddling him with their cocks touching. He put his arms around Llewyn, and they kissed; then Arthur yanked the sheets back and dragged Llewyn to the head of the bed, and they lay there kissing and touching each other. Arthur slid down Llewyn’s body, kissing his chest and stomach with his rough lips, then started going down on him. His mouth was awkward at first, catching Llewyn with his teeth so that Llewyn cursed and yanked on his hair; but then Arthur started getting better at it. Already he was better than any woman Llewyn had been with, maybe because he was a man and knew what felt good. Llewyn thrashed around and shifted on the bed until he could grab Arthur’s hips and haul the larger man up in reach of his mouth. Llewyn licked the head of his cock, and Arthur yelped. “Oh fuck, Llew!” He attacked Llewyn’s cock and got about half of it in his mouth. Llewyn couldn’t manage more than the head of Arthur’s, but he liked how it tasted. As Arthur sucked on him, he pushed his hand up under Llewyn’s balls. Arthur rubbed him with a fingertip, and Llewyn twitched and groaned. He pulled off Arthur’s cock and breathed, “Fuck.” Arthur pulled off too and asked, “Can I finger you?” Llewyn thought about it. “You got any Vaseline?” he muttered. “I got actual lube,” said Arthur. He moved away from Llewyn to open a drawer in the nightstand beside his bed. “What d’you got lube for?” Llewyn asked. It was a stupid question, and Arthur gave him an incredulous look over his shoulder. “What’s it to you?” he returned. “Nothing,” said Llewyn. “It isn’t anything to me.” He laid his head back on the bed. “You can fuck whoever you want. Or let them fuck you, whatever.” Arthur laughed, that sudden, deep, awkward laugh Llewyn remembered from a year ago. He slid closer to Llewyn and sort of nuzzled his stomach, just above his cock. “Are you jealous, Llew?” he asked. He laughed again and kissed Llewyn’s stomach, then the head of his cock. “No,” said Llewyn. “I’m not jealous.” He’d stayed hard, but he got even harder as Arthur kissed and licked him. “You were gone for a year,” said Arthur. “And you didn’t tell me to wait for you. Bet you didn’t wait.” “Shut up,” said Llewyn. “If you’re gonna finger me, go on and do it.” Arthur sat up again and tugged on Llewyn’s shoulder. “Get up on the pillows again,” he said, “on your side.” Llewyn did it, and Arthur pushed his uppermost leg up to his chest. Llewyn held it drawn up like that, and Arthur dripped the lube on him. “Motherfucker,” said Llewyn. “That’s cold .” “It’ll warm up.” Arthur leaned over him and put a hand on his ass, then started rubbing the lube on him with a fingertip. Arthur dropped his lips down to Llewyn’s ear and whispered, “I use it to jack off, and sometimes I finger myself.” He paused. “Didn’t really think you were coming back, but I waited for you anyway.” He pushed the tip of his finger into Llewyn, and the smaller man groaned, “Fuck!” Arthur stopped. “Does that hurt?” “Nunh unh.” Llewyn closed his eyes and mumbled into the pillowcase, “Feels weird. But good. Don’t stop.” Arthur slid the finger in all the way. It burned a little but didn’t really hurt, and Llewyn liked it. He drew his leg up as far as he could, and Arthur started thrusting his finger in and out. “You do this to yourself?” Llewyn muttered. “Sometimes,” said Arthur. He was still leaning over Llewyn, and he kissed Llewyn’s face, open-mouthed over his temple and down his cheek along the top edge of his beard. He kept kissing as he pulled his finger out, and Llewyn opened his mouth to complain, but then Arthur pushed two fingers in, all the way. Llewyn grunted and clamped down on them before he consciously made himself relax. “Shit, warn me next time,” he grumbled. “Sorry,” said Arthur. He slid them in and out slowly. “What do you think about when you fuck yourself?” Llewyn asked. He rocked his ass back a little to take Arthur’s fingers in deeper, and Arthur made a noise low in his throat. “I think about you fucking me,” whispered Arthur. He spread his fingers slightly inside Llewyn, then twisted them. Llewyn groaned. “Fuck, Arthur. Gimme another one.” “You like it, don’t you?” Arthur gave Llewyn’s earlobe a nip. “Give me another one,” said Llewyn. Arthur pulled his fingers out, teased Llewyn with the tips of three pressed close together, then worked them in slowly. Llewyn’s cock twitched. “Fuck yeah. Arthur, God, fuck.” Arthur got them all the way in, and Llewyn hissed, “I thought about fucking you while I was jacking my cock.” Arthur crooked his fingers forward and found Llewyn’s prostate, and Llewyn groaned again. “Arthur, fuck .” “Llew,” Arthur whispered, “baby, you’re so tight.” “Fuck me,” groaned Llewyn. “Like this?” Arthur fingerbanged him, and it was good, but now Llewyn wanted more than that. “Fuck me with your cock,” he said. Arthur spread his fingers a little, and Llewyn growled, “Put it in me.” Arthur reminded him, “You said not to. You said it’s too big.” He twisted his fingers deep inside Llewyn. Llewyn gasped, “Put it in me, damn you, fuck me! ” Arthur pulled his hand back, slipping his fingers out, then shifted to press the head of his cock against Llewyn’s ass. When Llewyn didn’t protest, Arthur thrust it all in, slowly. Llewyn drew in his breath with a hiss at the stretching and burning sensation, and he tensed around what felt like a steel rod inside him. Arthur kept still, leaning over him and watching him. “Okay?” he asked after a few seconds. “Yeah. Your cock feels fucking huge,” Llewyn said. He looked back up at Arthur and whispered, “Okay. Fuck me.” Arthur fucked him hard, and Llewyn watched his face, how Arthur grimaced like it hurt and parted his full lips to gasp when he started to come after about ten minutes of thrusting, shifting to find a better angle, and thrusting again. When he was fucking, Arthur looked a little bit like he did when he was singing. Llewyn liked it—it felt good in a lewd kind of way he never would have expected he’d enjoy—but he didn’t come just from getting fucked. When Arthur climaxed, he drove in deep and held there; Llewyn couldn’t feel the cum inside him, but he knew what was happening from the way Arthur shuddered and the noises he made. Then Arthur wrapped his hand around Llewyn’s cock, his own still buried in the smaller man, and he caught Llewyn’s mouth in a kiss as he pumped him. Llewyn came within seconds. Arthur pulled out slowly, and Llewyn actually missed having him inside. He held Arthur’s head down and kissed him again. Then he did feel Arthur’s cum. “Fuck,” Llewyn muttered at having to get up. I don’t kiss, he thought in the bathroom after he’d cleaned up and was leaning on the sink, looking into the mirror on the small medicine cabinet above it. And I don’t let guys fuck me. I don’t fall in love. “I don’t wear shirts like this,” he muttered. He was still wearing Arthur’s shirt, but he didn’t want to take it off. It was too cold in the house. He went back to bed and told Arthur, “You come too damn much,” without really looking at him. He added, “I’m going to sleep,” as he huddled under the covers with his back to the other man. Arthur didn’t say anything, and Llewyn fell asleep within minutes. When Llewyn woke up the next morning, Arthur was holding him. He was behind Llewyn, his legs drawn up so it was like Llewyn was sitting on his lap while they were lying down. Llewyn could feel Arthur’s cock against his ass, not really hard but not fully soft either. Arthur’s arm was draped over Llewyn’s chest, hand turned up so that his palm cradled Llewyn’s cheek. Arthur’s breath shifted the hair on the back of Llewyn’s neck. From the even quality of the larger man’s breathing, Llewyn guessed he was still asleep. Llewyn turned slowly in Arthur’s arms and looked at his still face: large nose; chapped lips; pale, blemished skin; black eyelashes. Llewyn had to decide if he was leaving or not, and looking at Arthur didn’t make it any easier. Finally, Llewyn extracted himself from the other man’s lanky grasp. He got up and found his shorts and put them back on; then he went out into the hall. He was hungry, but when he rifled through the kitchen, he didn’t find much to eat. He rifled through the living room too and looked for any signs that Arthur was seeing someone else, or that he had lied about not fucking anyone else while Llewyn was gone. He didn’t find anything. Llewyn went into the little guest room where he had been supposed to sleep and looked at the bed where they’d fucked the first time, now made up with hospital corners. The closet and dresser in the guest room were empty. Then Llewyn went into the third bedroom. Arthur’s record player was in there on its stand, and one wall was covered in tall shelves filled with albums. Llewyn’s lips drew up in an unconscious smile. He started looking at them, looking for anything a woman might like, or anything anyone besides Arthur might like. Llewyn found his album on a high shelf, just barely within reach of his fingertips. Llewyn grasped it and tugged it down, and the unconscious smile turned ironic. He looked at his photo on it, then opened it. A piece of paper fell out and fluttered to the ground. Llewyn bent to pick it up and winced; his ass still hurt a little from Arthur fucking him. The piece of paper turned out to be the letter he’d written when he wrote Al, Arthur, back. Llewyn reread it, even the last sentence: “Soon as I get back, I’m coming for you.” Llewyn stuck the letter back inside the album’s cover and stretched to shove it back up on its shelf. In the living room, he found Arthur’s car keys on the end table, and he decided to take the car to the store for food. Then he remembered he didn’t have any pants. “Fuck,” he muttered to the empty room. “Should’ve started the dryer.” He went back to the bedroom and found some slacks of Arthur’s hanging in the closet. Arthur was still asleep, and Llewyn watched him as he stepped into the pants and pulled them up. They stayed up around his waist all right, but the cuffs puddled on the carpet around his feet, and Llewyn tripped over them on his way back to the living room. “Fuck,” he said again. He sat down on the couch and rolled the cuffs up and put on his shoes without any socks. He left Arthur a note, and he didn’t think again about starting the dryer until he was already in the car and pulling out of the neighborhood towards a little grocery store he’d noticed on the way in the night before. He had plenty of cash at the moment, so he bought stuff for pancakes, and bread and milk and peanut butter, and cigarettes since Arthur didn’t have any; apparently, he hadn’t ever started smoking again. Arthur had liquor, but Llewyn couldn’t remember if he’d seen any coffee, so he bought some. When he got back, though, Arthur had started coffee, and the dryer. Llewyn made him pancakes, ate most of them himself, and left the kitchen for Arthur to clean up. When his clothes were dry, Llewyn told Arthur he wasn’t staying, but by now he didn’t mean it. He put his clothes away in the guest room when Arthur told him to, then sat down with his guitar. Arthur listened while he cleaned up the kitchen, and when he was finished, he sat on the other end of the sofa and watched Llewyn play. Llewyn had thought up new songs while he was gone, and he picked one of them out on the guitar. “Then I know I’m lying, then I know I’m out the door,” he half-sang, half-breathed as he plucked the strings. “Then I know that I’m really fucked, then I know that I’m gone.” Arthur interrupted him with, “That’s terrible.” Llewyn glanced at him but didn’t stop playing or singing. “What you do, I love you too, and I know—” His fingers stumbled. “Shit,” Llewyn hissed; then he tried again. “And I know I’m what you want. What I do, I love you too, and you’re all that I want.” “Keep practicing,” said Arthur. Llewyn flicked his eyes up again. Arthur was looking away, down at his own knees in the old jeans he’d put on. Llewyn was still wearing Arthur’s clothes, even the ugly shirt. Arthur turned his head toward Llewyn, looked at the shirt, then looked at Llewyn’s face. When he saw Llewyn watching him, he got up and went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. Llewyn smiled, looked back down at the guitar, and kept practicing. -- Chapter end Chapter 5 February, 1962 “I thought you’d call first,” Arthur said when he opened the door late one Friday night and found Llewyn Davis standing there, looking up at him with utter exhaustion in his remarkable eyes. It was a lie, because Arthur hadn’t thought he’d ever see Llewyn again, guitar or no guitar. “I didn’t want to call until I knew I could find this place.” Llewyn had a couple bags slung over his right shoulder, so he lifted his left hand to indicate Arthur’s ranch-style house. The gesture expressed contempt for the entire lot, from the house’s white paint down to the small but neatly trimmed lawn. “This is the sticks, Al.” “Well, you found it. I wasn’t expecting you.” Arthur stepped back to let Llewyn in. Llewyn dropped the bags by the door, just inside the living room, and looked around. “Do you still have my guitar?” he asked. “Of course. I told you I did.” Arthur went to retrieve the guitar case, which he had stored in one of the two small spare bedrooms. He kept his record player in there, and some shelves. One of the albums on the shelves was Llewyn’s. Arthur lugged the guitar case into the living room and set it down a few yards from Llewyn’s feet. “There,” he said. He stepped back and watched as Llewyn shuffled forward and knelt, snapped the case open, ran his small hands over the instrument inside. At first, Arthur resented the implication that Llewyn had to check over the guitar to make sure it was still in one piece, but then he saw something else on Llewyn’s scruffy, pretty face. Llewyn really had looked forward to seeing his guitar again. Llewyn crouched back on his haunches, lifted the guitar, and cradled it, fingers running down the strings. Arthur thought he might start playing it right then and there. Instead, Llewyn leaned forward again and placed the instrument back into its case, like he was returning a lost baby bird to its nest. Llewyn closed up the case and stood; then he raised his eyes back to Arthur’s. “Thanks, Al,” he said. “It’s Arthur,” said Arthur. Llewyn’s dark eyebrows lifted, and Arthur muttered, “I decided not to get it changed.” He hadn’t told Llewyn about that when he wrote, or about the office job he’d taken, or about selling his own guitar. He hadn’t even told him about the royalties, although Llewyn might have guessed they were how Arthur could suddenly afford the house and the new car in the garage. Llewyn hadn’t written back for several weeks, but then he had: a short note, surprisingly articulate, grateful and polite until the last few sentences. Those were choppy and scrawled at the bottom of the page: “I want out already—hate this shit, all of it, and I can’t get off. Wish I had you under me right now, I’d fuck your brains out. Soon as I get back, I’m coming for you. -Llew” Arthur had stuck the note inside the cover of Llewyn’s album, then jerked off until he came, groaning Llewyn’s name. He didn’t write back because he couldn’t think of what to say. Arthur had sent his new telephone number along with his address, but Llewyn never called, and he didn’t write again. That had been five months ago. “Okay,” said Llewyn, “Arthur. I’m still Llewyn.” “Okay,” said Arthur, “Llew.” “Fuck you,” said Llewyn, and Arthur went into the adjoining kitchen for a glass of water. Llewyn stayed where he was. “Do you need a place to sleep?” Arthur asked over his shoulder. “That’s not why I came by,” Llewyn replied. “I came for my guitar.” “I know.” Arthur kept the sigh out of his voice. He’d known Llewyn lied when he said he wanted to see Arthur again. He’d known Llewyn hadn’t stopped by to fuck him. He didn’t come for me, Arthur thought, and cringed at the double entendre. “That’s a new couch, isn’t it?” Llewyn asked. Arthur turned back to him and walked to the edge of the kitchen area with his glass. “Yes. And you aren’t being very subtle.” Llewyn shot him a glare, and Arthur went on, “But if you shower first, I’ll let you sleep in an actual bed. I have a guest room now. My old bed’s in there.” “You’ve sold out, Al,” said Llewyn. “Royalties,” said Arthur. “And I have a job.” “You’ve sold out,” Llewyn repeated. “Do you still play anymore?” Arthur shook his head. “Sing? Write?” Llewyn persisted. Arthur shook his head again. “Jesus Christ,” said Llewyn. “I’m gone a year, and you give up. You said you weren’t giving up until you made the right choice.” “Fuck you, Llewyn,” Arthur muttered. “You gave up first, you and your fresh start. The only difference is that you have a guitar, and I have a bed. Two beds, and a couch.” He went back into the kitchen and set his glass down by the sink. “Sometimes giving up is the right choice.” “You sold your guitar?” Llewyn’s voice conveyed the same arch disgust his hand had, when he gestured at Arthur’s house. “Yes. I sold my guitar.” Arthur leaned on his hands and looked down into the sink. He thought about saying, “And I met somebody.” Llewyn might believe it. “I met somebody,” said Llewyn. “Good,” said Arthur, still looking down into the sink. “That’s great.” His face felt hot, and his eyeballs ached. He pushed off of his hands to take up the glass again; then he filled it and drained it, swallowing past the painful lump in his throat. Llewyn watched him. “Go take a shower,” Arthur growled when Llewyn kept watching him. “Bathroom’s right over there.” He pointed to the smaller of his two baths, off the back of the living room. “You can do your own laundry, I have a machine.” He started back for his own bathroom—he’d been downing water even before Llewyn arrived—but the smaller man reached out to grasp his arm when Arthur passed. “Arthur,” said Llewyn, “it didn’t work out.” “What didn’t?” Arthur snatched his arm back. “The person I met. And me.” Llewyn looked up at Arthur and waited as if he expected Arthur to say something. “Okay,” said Arthur. “Go take a shower, if you’re staying here tonight. You’re filthy.” While Arthur was pissing and washing his hands, he thought about Llewyn in the other bathroom, Llewyn naked and wet and scrubbing soap over his chest. Arthur undressed and put on his bathrobe and went into the guest room—the small bedroom next to the one with the record player—and looked at the little bed where Llewyn had fucked him twice and kissed him. Arthur’s new bed, in the master bedroom, was bigger and softer, but Llewyn had never been in it. Once or twice, Arthur had thought about sleeping in the guest room, but that would have been beyond pathetic. Worse even than listening to the album he’d kept because it was something that had belonged to Llewyn, while he looked at the picture of Llewyn on the sleeve. “This where I’m sleeping?” Llewyn asked from behind him. He was standing in the doorway to the guest room when Arthur turned around. “I guess,” said Arthur. Llewyn was wearing shorts and no shirt, and he was in better shape than when Arthur first met him: trimmer and more muscular. Arthur thought maybe he’d shaped up his beard in the bathroom, but he still needed a haircut; dark curls of hair fell over his ears and around his face. “You need a haircut,” Arthur told him. “And a shave.” “Do you still have that cowboy hat?” Llewyn retorted, and he turned away. “Where’s the washing machine?” Arthur showed him and went to sit on the new couch in the living room with another glass of water. Llewyn came back in after a few minutes and held out his hand for the glass. “I’m thirsty,” he said. Arthur gazed up at him, incredulous, then handed him the glass. Llewyn drank most of what was left with his eyes fixed on Arthur’s before he handed it back. “Have you eaten?” Arthur asked him. “I’m sorry, I should have asked. I eat dinner out most nights, but I probably have something.” “It’s okay. I’m not hungry,” Llewyn said. He was still standing up, looking at the new couch. “You eat out? Are you seeing someone?” “I don’t like to cook,” said Arthur. “It isn’t worth it, just for me.” Llewyn sat down on the other end of the couch, a cushion’s worth of space between them. “You should put on a shirt,” said Arthur. Llewyn looked down at his chest, and Arthur finished his water. “Look,” Llewyn said, “do you want me to leave? I’ll leave. I know it’s been months since I heard from you, but I didn’t have anywhere else to go.” Arthur decided to start calling Llewyn on his long-suffering, pity-garnering bullshit. “Make up your mind, either you need to stay or you don’t. If I tell you I want you to leave, where will you go?” asked Arthur. Llewyn shrugged. “I don’t know. I’ll hitch back to the city. Not everyone there can still be pissed at me. It’s been a year.” Who else have you talked to in that year? Arthur asked Llewyn in his head. Who else wrote to you? Who did you call, when you didn’t call me? Who else did you think about fucking? Who else kicked you out this evening, before you came all the way out here? “For Christ’s sake, Arthur,” Llewyn muttered when the silence had gone on for too long. He got up, raked a hand through his tangle of hair, and walked over to his guitar case. He stood there looking down at it, his back to Arthur, and Arthur looked at the knotted muscles in his bare shoulders, and his thighs under the cuffs of his shorts, and his ass. “I’ll leave, okay, soon as my clothes are dry,” said Llewyn. “Why didn’t you just hand my guitar out the door? Why are you so fucking nice about it?” “About what?” asked Arthur. “I don’t know.” Llewyn shrugged again, dark shoulders tensing and relaxing. He’d gotten really tan, wherever it was they’d sent him. “About us. About it not working out.” “What?” Arthur set his glass down on the carpet beside the couch, so he wouldn’t throw it. Sometimes, nice guy or not, he was tempted to throw things when he got angry. “There wasn’t any ‘us,’” said Arthur. He stood up and flexed his arms at his sides. “There wasn’t even any ‘it ’ to work out. I did you a favor. I did you several favors, and you left. You didn’t call. You met somebody.” “I met you ,” said Llewyn, looking down still, like he was talking to his guitar, “and it didn’t work out. I didn’t call— you didn’t call. You didn’t write back. But you’re too fucking nice . Just tell me to fuck off.” Llewyn shivered, and Arthur groaned, “For the love of God, why don’t you ever wear any clothes?” He stalked back to his bedroom to find a shirt, long-sleeved with buttons. Western looking. Llewyn would hate it. Arthur took the shirt back to the living room. Llewyn hadn’t moved. Arthur got in front of him, reached around him to drape the open shirt over his shoulders, grasped one wrist to direct Llewyn’s arm into the sleeve. Llewyn shoved his arm through, until his small hand emerged from the unbuttoned cuff, then shrugged into the other sleeve. Arthur started buttoning up the shirt. It was something to do. “Al,” said Llewyn, “this is the ugliest fucking shirt I have ever seen.” It was too big on him, and when he put his arms down, the cuffs hung nearly to his fingers, and the bottom hem almost covered his shorts. “Fuck you, Llew,” said Arthur. He left the top couple buttons undone, and he could see Llewyn’s clavicles and some of the hair on his chest. Arthur asked, “What are you going to do now?” “Wait for my clothes to dry,” said Llewyn, “and leave.” “No. I mean, now that you’re back.” Arthur still had his hands on Llewyn’s chest, fingers loosely grasping the shirt placket. “Are you going back to performing? Or shipping out again, or getting another job, or what?” “I don’t know,” said Llewyn. He looked down at Arthur’s hands on his chest, then up at Arthur’s eyes. “I thought. . . I don’t know.” “Don’t leave,” Arthur said. He spread his fingers out, some over the fabric of his shirt and some over Llewyn’s bare skin between the open collars. “Where did you go first? Before you came here.” “What? I didn’t. I came here first.” Llewyn scowled. “I told you, I didn’t call because I didn’t know how long it would take me to get here, or if I could get a ride. I had to walk the last couple miles. You live in a lovely little neighborhood in the middle of fucking nowhere.” “It’s the suburbs,” said Arthur. “It took me this long to get here,” said Llewyn. “I didn’t go anywhere else first.” His eyes shifted to Arthur’s mouth and back up again. “So if you kick me out, I still have other options.” “I’m not kicking you out. You said when you came back, you were going to fuck me.” Llewyn’s eyebrows lifted. “You want me to fuck you?” “I want to fuck you .” Arthur slid his hands to Llewyn’s sides, down them, then back around to his ass, squeezing it through Arthur’s shirt and Llewyn’s shorts. “I was thinking about it. I want to fuck you.” “No, you’re not fucking me. I don’t let guys fuck me.” There was a hitch in Llewyn’s breathing, and he leaned in to Arthur’s chest as the larger man groped him. “You were sitting there thinking about fucking me.” “Not just now. I meant, I was thinking about it in general. While you were gone.” Once Arthur began to give in, it was all a tumble downhill into debauchery, debauchery and vulnerability and Llewyn. Arthur pulled the smaller man against him and bent his head and murmured into his ear, “I thought about you.” “You’re not nice. You’re an asshole,” Llewyn growled into the rough fabric of Arthur’s robe. He gripped Arthur’s waist in both hands. “You let me think you didn’t want me here. So I’m leaving, you hear me? I’m leaving you.” He tilted his head up and put his mouth to Arthur’s neck and mumbled against his skin, “I thought about you too. I thought about how you taste.” He opened his mouth and dragged it over Arthur’s neck, his teeth and his tongue both; then he bit Arthur just under his ear, lightly. “I thought about how tight your ass felt when I fucked you.” Arthur was getting hard, and he rubbed against Llewyn. “You’re not putting that thing up my ass,” Llewyn told him. “You’re too big.” “No, I’m not,” said Arthur. “It doesn’t have to hurt. You’re a virgin, aren’t you? When it comes to that.” “That turns you on, doesn’t it?” muttered Llewyn. “Thinking about being the first guy to fuck my ass.” “I want to be your first for something,” said Arthur. He bent his head over Llewyn’s shoulder and nuzzled his hair aside to kiss the back of his neck. “You were. First guy I kissed. Only guy I’ve kissed.” Llewyn was sort of squirming against him; then he pulled back and grabbed a handful of hair on the back of Arthur’s head. Arthur looked down at him. “Really?” “Yeah. I don’t kiss.” Llewyn rocked up on his toes and kissed him, pulling on Arthur’s hair. Llewyn’s mouth was warm, and he tasted like cigarettes. Arthur kissed him anyway. “Llew,” he whispered when Llewyn dropped back on his heels. Arthur leaned forward to follow his mouth and kissed him again. When he squeezed Llewyn’s ass, the smaller man groaned into his mouth and thrust up against him. “Come to bed with me,” Arthur said. “My clothes,” said Llewyn. “I’ll have to put them in the dryer.” He kissed Arthur again. “And when they’re dry, I’m leaving.” He shoved his hands into Arthur’s robe and pushed it off. It caught around Arthur’s waist where he’d tied it, and Llewyn yanked at the tie until it fell off. “Don’t leave,” said Arthur. He started for the master bedroom, stumbled over his robe on the floor, and tugged Llewyn along with him. “Stay. I want you to stay.” “You sure?” asked Llewyn. He was following Arthur, pulling off his shorts, stepping out of them when he got them down. “I’m sure.” Arthur backed into his bedroom, up to the bed. “Stay with me, Llewyn.” “Okay,” said Llewyn. “I’ll stay. But you’re not fucking me.” -- Arthur fucked Llewyn on his side, slowly at first, with one of Llewyn’s legs drawn up to his chest. He’d taken his time getting Llewyn ready, fingering him until Llewyn was moaning and begging for it. “Put it in me,” he groaned. “You said not to,” said Arthur. “You said it’s too big.” He twisted his fingers, and Llewyn gasped. “Put it in me, damn you, fuck me !” he demanded, so Arthur did. Llewyn hissed and tensed up, and Arthur waited until he relaxed. “Okay?” he asked, leaning over Llewyn, braced on his elbows. “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “Your cock feels fucking huge.” He turned his head to look up at Arthur, eyes looking all pupil in the dim moonlight coming in at the window. “Okay. Fuck me.” Arthur came before Llewyn did, but he stayed in Llewyn and got him off with his hand right after. He kissed Llewyn as he pumped him in his fist, and Llewyn groaned into Arthur’s mouth when he came. After he pulled out, Llewyn kissed him again then swore under his breath, got out of bed, and went into the bathroom. When he got back into bed, he muttered, “You come too damn much,” curled up into a ball with his back to Arthur, and said he was going to sleep. During the night, Arthur got up to piss, and after he lay back down, he put his arms around the sleeping Llewyn and held him, legs tucked up under him and cheek on his hair. The next morning, Arthur woke up alone. Llewyn wasn’t anywhere in the house, and Arthur thought he’d gone. Then Arthur noticed Llewyn’s guitar case in the living room and the note on the coffee table: “I’m taking your car and going to the store. You don’t have shit to eat. Back soon.” Arthur started the coffee and put Llewyn’s clothes in the dryer. Llewyn got back and made pancakes. “I didn’t know you could cook,” Arthur said. “You think you have me all figured out,” Llewyn muttered. “You don’t. I’ll surprise you.” “You do,” said Arthur. “Surprise me, I mean. Sometimes.” Llewyn left splatters of pancake batter all over the counter and stove for Arthur to clean up, along with the dirty dishes. While Arthur was at the sink, Llewyn carried in his dry clothes in a crumpled bundle, leaving a trail of dropped socks behind him. Llewyn dumped his laundry on the floor by his guitar case and bags. When Llewyn started shoving his clothes into one of the bags, Arthur said, “You can use the guest room. The closet’s empty.” “I’m not staying,” said Llewyn. “Dammit, Llew, don’t start that again.” Arthur threw the dishtowel at him. Llewyn balled it up and threw it back. It landed in the sink and sank down into the dirty water. “ Dammit , Llewyn,” said Arthur. He got a dry towel and told Llewyn, “Go put your fucking clothes away.” When Arthur finished the dishes, he followed the trail of socks back to the guest room, scooping them up and dumping them in the drawer where Llewyn had put two t-shirts and some shorts. Llewyn was standing in the other room, looking at Arthur’s records. “You have one of these?” Llewyn asked. He pulled his album out halfway. “Yeah,” said Arthur. Llewyn pushed the album back onto the shelf. “Maybe I should sell the guitar,” Llewyn said. “I thought about starting up again, playing some places, but probably nobody wants me. It’s been too long.” “I thought,” said Arthur, “that was selling out. Giving up.” “Sometimes giving up is the right choice,” said Llewyn. He looked up at Arthur. “Think you could get me a job? Where you work?” “Probably not,” said Arthur. “It’s an office. You’d hate it. You’d pull your passive-aggressive shit and piss off the wrong people and get fired, then they’d blame me for bringing you in.” “But you, you’re good at faking it, aren’t you?” Llewyn pulled out the album again, all the way, and looked at his own picture on the back. Arthur hoped he wouldn’t open it. He wouldn’t be able to explain why he’d kept Llewyn’s letter. “You’re good at faking it,” Llewyn repeated, “and lying. Why do you even have a job? You get royalties, don’t you? You could have kept writing music. You could have made more albums.” “I like the security of having a job,” said Arthur. “Didn’t you, this last year?” “No,” said Llewyn. He put the album away again. “But maybe I should get another one. Or maybe I should go back in.” “You said you were bored,” Arthur reminded him, “and that you couldn’t get off.” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “Yeah.” “Don’t go back in,” said Arthur. “I’ll get you a job if that’s what you want. And if you promise to try not to fuck it up.” “I don’t know what I want,” said Llewyn. “And you’re right, I’ll fuck it up. But I’ll think about it. Maybe I could try, if you can get me a job.” “Do you trust me? Since I’m a liar and a fake, maybe you shouldn’t,” Arthur said. “And a sellout,” added Llewyn. “You forgot that.” Llewyn went past him, to the door, then stopped and turned back to Arthur. “I trust you, Arthur. But I don’t know why you’re so nice to me.” Arthur had fallen in love with Llewyn, exactly as he had known he would if he let Llewyn hang around. He said, “I don’t know why either.” -- Llewyn played his guitar most of the afternoon, working out songs he’d thought up on the ship. Arthur finished cleaning up the kitchen and listened to Llewyn sing: “Then I know I’m lying, then I know I’m out the door. . . then I know that I’m really fucked, then I know that I’m gone. . . .” “That’s terrible,” said Arthur. Llewyn flicked his eyes up to Arthur’s then looked away and kept going. “What you do, I love you too, and I know—shit.” A discordant slip of his fingers over the strings, and he started again. “And I know I’m what you want. What I do, I love you too, and you’re all that I want. . . .” “Keep practicing,” said Arthur. They went out for dinner in the city, and Arthur paid since Llewyn had bought the groceries and cooked breakfast. Afterwards, they went to Pappi’s, and Llewyn got drunk. He was loud and belligerent and Pappi told Arthur to get him out. Once Arthur dragged him outside, Llewyn shoved him up against the wall and called him a sellout again. “Go fuck yourself, Llew,” Arthur said, and he shoved Llewyn back. “You’re not even living!” Llewyn slurred in a shout. “Your whole life is a lie, all of it! Who are you, Al? You’re a fucking fake, you sold out.” He turned and yelled up to the night sky, “ I’m fucking a sellout! ” By the time Arthur got him home, Llewyn was barely conscious. Arthur left him passed out on the guest room bed, sat down on the couch with a bottle of gin, and got drunk too before he went to bed in his own room. In the middle of the night, Llewyn came stumbling in and got in bed with him, still drunk. “I’m sorry,” he muttered. He was on top of Arthur, rubbing against him. He was hard. “Sorry for what?” Arthur was still drunk too. “I dunno. Don’t remember what I said. But I’m sorry.” Llewyn tried to kiss him, and Arthur turned his head. “C’mon, baby, I said I was sorry,” Llewyn said. “Kiss me. And fuck me. I want you to fuck me again.” “Go fuck yourself, Llew,” Arthur mumbled; then he kissed Llewyn; then he fucked him. They both woke up with headaches late the next morning. “Fuck,” muttered Arthur. “I’m late for church.” “Church? You go to church ?” Llewyn asked. He was lying in an L shape with his top half across the pillows, legs stretched out at a right angle to them, and Arthur’s head on his chest. “Yes,” said Arthur. “You get trashed and fuck men and then go to church the next morning?” “Go to hell, Llew,” said Arthur. “You’re the one who’s missing church,” said Llewyn. -- Arthur got Llewyn a job in the office, and Llewyn kept it for nearly three weeks. When he got himself fired, no one blamed Arthur for bringing him in. He was a nice guy doing a favor for his asshole friend. Llewyn sulked all evening, declaring that he was leaving because he wasn’t any good to anyone, until Arthur told him to go if he was going and went to bed. Llewyn came to bed ten minutes later and fucked him, but he did it slowly and he made sure Arthur came. Afterwards, Arthur held him, and they kissed, and instead of fucking, Arthur thought of it as making love. The next night, Llewyn started playing at Pappi’s again. -- July, 1962 Some five months later, Llewyn was still playing at Pappi’s a couple nights a week. On weeknights, he borrowed Arthur’s car and went alone, but when Arthur didn’t have work the next day, he drove Llewyn into the city and sat at a table in the back and watched him play. It was Friday night again. The light that was focused on Llewyn shone in his hair and made his eyes glitter if he lifted his head enough. But mostly, he kept it down, toward the guitar, or looked out into the dead air between himself and the audience. Once, he raised his eyes to where Arthur sat, although Arthur wasn’t sure Llewyn could see him. Even though Llewyn hadn’t ever shaved off the beard, Arthur thought he looked beautiful. Some of his tan had faded, but he was still darker than Arthur, and he’d kept in shape. Arthur thought about how, out of all the people watching Llewyn sing, only he got to touch Llewyn’s small, tight body and kiss his mouth and see the look on his face when he came. Two or three nights a week, Llewyn sang to anyone who’d listen, but when he practiced or composed or just felt like singing, he only sang to Arthur. After he finished his set, Llewyn sat at the table with Arthur, and when Pappi passed by with his money, Llewyn counted out half of it and handed it to Arthur. “You don’t have to do that,” said Arthur. “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “I didn’t give you anything this month.” “You don’t have to,” Arthur repeated as he shoved the bills in his pocket. “You buy most of the food, and you cook. You leave your shit all over our house, but you cook. That’s something.” “It’s not our house,” said Llewyn. “It’s your house.” He was looking toward the front of the room, where someone else had started singing, and they were arguing now in muted whispers. “You live there too,” said Arthur, and the couple seated in front of them turned to shush them. “Fucking hell,” said Llewyn. “Let’s go.” He got up and Arthur followed him out. “I don’t live there,” Llewyn continued as they walked to Arthur’s car. “I’m staying there. One day you’re going to get tired of it and kick me out. So it’s not our house.” “I’m not going to kick you out. I like you being there.” Llewyn didn’t say anything else until they got to the car; then as they were getting in, he said, “Why?” “Why what?” “Why do you like me being in your house? You’re always bitching about me leaving my shit everywhere. What’s there to like about that?” Arthur put both hands on the steering wheel, at ten and two, although he hadn’t started the car. He looked out of the windshield at the street. “I like your cooking,” he said. “Hire a cook,” suggested Llewyn. “Or get a wife. Get married.” “And I like you being there when I get home from work,” said Arthur. “I like the sex. You’re a good lay.” “You could still get married,” said Llewyn. “I like hearing you play. Even on the nights when you can’t sleep and it keeps me up and I have to work the next day.” “Get a wife,” said Llewyn, “who can play the guitar.” “Do you want to leave?” Arthur started the car, looked over his shoulder out the back, and pulled out into the street. “If you’re tired of it, say so.” He kept talking, so Llewyn wouldn’t have a chance to say that he was. “You didn’t sign up for fucking the same person—fucking a man, even—for six months. But you come home every night. I guess you could be fucking someone else during the day, one of the neighbors or something. Or when you come into town without me. You don’t have to keep it a secret. If you’re fucking someone else, you can tell me. I get it. You didn’t sign up for—” “Jesus Christ, Al, I’m not fucking anyone else,” said Llewyn. They were out of the city now, on the darker road leading home. “I don’t want to leave. I like it, I like living with you. But you’re going to get tired of me. Everyone does.” He looked out the window. He still did the long-suffering, pity-garnering bullshit thing, but Arthur had gotten used to it, like he’d gotten used to Llewyn calling him “Al” when he was pissed off. “I’m not going to get tired of you, Llew,” said Arthur. He turned off the main road onto one of the smaller streets crisscrossing their neighborhood. “I love you.” “I love you too,” said Llewyn. He was still looking out the window. Arthur pulled into the garage and turned off the car. He looked over at Llewyn, at the line of his jaw and the lashes Arthur could see in the glow of the car’s headlights, even though Llewyn’s face was still turned away. They had never said “I love you” before. “I can’t marry you,” Arthur said. “But I can call you my wife. We can get you an apron to wear when you cook. Probably find a housedress to fit you, too.” “Fuck off,” said Llewyn. He finally shifted away from the window and looked at Arthur. “It’s still your house. Legally.” “I can try to get your name put on the lease.” “I don’t care about the fucking house, Arthur,” Llewyn said. He leaned over to kiss Arthur, hands on the larger man’s shoulders. Arthur put his arms around Llewyn and kissed him back; then he held Llewyn to his chest and muttered into his hair, “It’ll work out. We’ll make it work out.” They went inside and made love. Afterwards, Arthur was nearly asleep when Llewyn asked, “Do you like cats?” Arthur opened his eyes. “Yes,” he said, “but I’m allergic to them. Why? Do you want a cat?” “Maybe,” Llewyn said. He had his head on Arthur’s shoulder and a hand on his thigh. “But not if you’re allergic.” “Sorry.” “No, you can’t help it. . . . Shit, you shoulda told me, last year. I brought that cat in your apartment,” Llewyn muttered. “It’s okay,” said Arthur. “But yeah, I’m allergic. And a cat’d get hair everywhere too, all over the house. And all over your clothes, since you leave them all over the house.” “I’ll pick them up tomorrow,” Llewyn said. “No,” said Arthur, “you won’t. Do you really want a cat? If you do, we can get a cat.” “No. I don’t really want a cat.” Llewyn squeezed Arthur’s thigh. “Go to sleep.” “Do you really love me?” Arthur asked. “Yes,” said Llewyn. “I really love you.” “I really love you too,” said Arthur, and he went to sleep. When he woke up the next morning, he was alone in bed. He lay still for a moment, until he realized he could smell the scent of pancakes cooking in the kitchen. Arthur got up and went to the bathroom, then went into the kitchen. “Good morning, wife,” he said. “Fuck you, Al,” said Llewyn. “About time you got up. Your pancakes are about to burn.” -- Chapter end Chapter 6 : Family January, 1963 When Llewyn’s father died, Llewyn didn’t know about it until Arthur read the obituary in the newspaper. Llewyn was sitting on one end of the couch picking at his guitar, and Arthur was on the other end, reading. “Didn’t you say your father’s name was Hugh Davis?” Arthur asked, not looking up from the paper. “Yeah,” said Llewyn. He waited. When Arthur didn’t say anything else, Llewyn stopped playing and asked, “Why?” “This isn’t him,” said Arthur. “What isn’t him?” Arthur didn’t answer, and Llewyn leaned over and grabbed for the paper. Arthur held it away from him, until Llewyn laid his guitar on the floor and turned to glare at him. “Obituary,” Arthur finally said. “But it’s not him. It doesn’t mention you.” “Let me see,” said Llewyn. Arthur took his time folding the paper, first bending back the right hand page, then creasing the page he’d been reading into fourths. When finally he handed the paper to Llewyn, Llewyn snatched it and looked at the obituary Arthur had folded the paper around. “This is him,” said Llewyn after he’d read a few lines. “But it doesn’t mention you,” Arthur repeated. “The only survivors—” “My sister,” said Llewyn. “And her family. My nephew.” He could feel Arthur’s eyes on him, and he kept looking at the paper. “Oh,” Arthur said after a moment. “I’m sorry, Llew.” “Nothing to be sorry for.” Llewyn handed the paper back, bent to pick up his guitar, and sat holding it in his lap. He didn’t start playing it again. “It says the funeral’s tomorrow,” Arthur told him. “Graveside service.” “I know. I read the same thing you did.” Arthur didn’t rise to the bait; instead, he asked, “Are you going?” “I don’t know,” said Llewyn. “I’ll go with you,” Arthur offered, “if you want me to.” “You’d have to take off work.” Llewyn strummed his fingers over the guitar strings, then stopped. “I can take off work. I haven’t missed a day of work in over a year.” Arthur looked down at the newspaper in his hand, then set it aside on the arm of the couch. “If you don’t want me to come with you, I won’t. I’ll do whatever you want to do.” “I’m not going,” said Llewyn. “I don’t think.” “Llewyn.” Arthur’s deep voice sounded soft. “If you don’t, you might regret it later. Not being there to see him.” “I went to see him in the home,” Llewyn said, “a couple months ago. One Saturday when I borrowed your car. I regret going . I won’t regret not going.” “Yes, you will,” said Arthur. “Llew, I know you. You’ll regret it. I’ll go with you. We’ll do it together.” “She won’t want me there,” Llewyn told him. “My sister. You don’t have a sister, do you? You wouldn’t know how it is.” “I don’t have a sister, but I have a cousin,” Arthur said. “That’s sort of the same.” “No, that’s not the same at all.” Llewyn glared at him. He didn’t like it when Arthur claimed to understand him, even though Arthur usually did. “Everyone loves her,” Arthur went on. “She’s perfect. I’ve always been the black sheep.” “I guess it is the same,” said Llewyn. “But I shouldn’t go. I don’t even feel anything. He was dead a long time ago, mentally—and even before that, he never. . . we didn’t—I’m the black sheep. Like you said.” “If you don’t feel anything, you won’t mind going.” “Fuck you,” muttered Llewyn. “That wasn’t what I meant. You’d have to take off work, and if you didn’t, I wouldn’t have any way to get there since you’d have the car.” Arthur leaned over and put his hand over Llewyn’s, resting on the guitar. Arthur’s hand was large and pale, and Llewyn’s was small and tan. Llewyn looked at their hands as Arthur curled his long fingers under and squeezed. Sometimes Llewyn thought that Arthur really fucked up quitting the guitar; his fingers had been made for playing it. Sometimes Llewyn thought that Arthur’s fingers had been made for playing him, too. They understood Llewyn’s body the way Arthur understood how Llewyn’s mind worked. “Llewyn,” Arthur said, “I’m going with you. It’s in the morning, and I’ll go to work in the afternoon unless you need me to stay home. We don’t have to talk to your sister—we’ll just go for the service and leave.” “You never even met him,” said Llewyn. “Why should you want to go?” “For you,” said Arthur. “Funerals aren’t for the dead.” He kissed Llewyn’s temple then let his hand go. Arthur got up and went back to the bedroom to get ready for bed. When Arthur was gone, Llewyn set down his guitar, picked up the newspaper, and read the obituary again. He stayed up past midnight, and Arthur was asleep when Llewyn came into the bedroom. Llewyn undressed and brushed his teeth and got into bed. Arthur didn’t wake up, even when Llewyn thrashed around for a few seconds. Llewyn sighed and lay on his back. He didn’t sleep for a long time. -- The next morning, on the way to the cemetery, Arthur asked, “How are you going to introduce me, if anyone asks who I am?” “You mean am I going to introduce you as Al or as Arthur?” Llewyn shrugged. “I thought we weren’t going to talk to anyone.” “I mean, how are you going to explain why I’m there with you?” Arthur glanced at him, but Llewyn was looking out the window. “If someone corners you and asks.” “I don’t know,” said Llewyn. “I’ll think of something.” “I need to know what I am,” Arthur said. “Your friend? Roommate?” “I don’t know .” Llewyn turned to glare at him then stared out the windshield. “It doesn’t matter. It won’t be anyone there but a bunch of old men. All the ones who worked with my father. We could tell them anything, and they won’t remember it five minutes later.” “Well, you can’t tell them the truth, ” Arthur retorted. “You can’t tell your sister the truth.” “You said we weren’t going to talk to her.” Llewyn put his arm up on the door, against the window, and drummed his fingers on the glass. “I’d like to tell them. Then the next time someone asked me, ‘Are you Hugh Davis’s boy?’ they’d say, ‘Are you Hugh Davis’s boy, the one who fucks men?’” He sighed. “Dad would have been—I don’t know what Dad would have said. Before. The last couple of years, he wouldn’t have cared. He didn’t know me from Adam.” “What would your sister say?” Arthur asked in a low voice. “If she knew. If you told her.” Llewyn shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. I haven’t talked to her in—it’s been almost two years.” He finally looked at Arthur again, but Arthur kept his eyes on the road. “Does your family know? Have you told your cousin?” “I don’t talk to my family anymore,” said Arthur. “After the thing with the car. My mother’s car. That was the last straw.” “Oh.” They hadn’t ever spoken about the car. Not before Llewyn left for a year, not after he got back, not in the year since he’d been living with Arthur. Llewyn turned his head back to the window and said, “I’m sorry about the car.” “It wasn’t your fault.” Arthur turned into the cemetery. There was only one funeral tent erected, and strings of cars were parked along the narrow paved roads that laced the cemetery, cars stretching out from the tent at all angles. “Fuck,” said Llewyn. “He knew a lot of old men.” Arthur parked at the end of one string. They got out and started to walk toward the tent. “What are you going to tell them about me?” Arthur asked again. “I don’t care. They don’t know me. But I need to know so I don’t contradict your story.” “I don’t have a story,” said Llewyn. “And it doesn’t matter. We’re not going to talk to anyone.” The funeral had already started, and they stood at the back, at the edge of a sea of old men and their old wives, and far more young people than Llewyn had expected. Children of the old men, maybe, men and some women his own age and older and younger. None of them had visited his father in the home, as far as Llewyn was aware. But then he probably wouldn’t have known if they had. They would have sent their condolences to his sister, and some would have sent the dozen overblown floral arrangements skirting the coffin. None of them looked back to see Llewyn there. The coffin lay at the eye of the hurricane of people, and Llewyn supposed his sister was there beside it. He couldn’t see her or the minister, but he could hear the minister’s voice speaking Bible verses and platitudes. Llewyn tuned out the words and looked up at Arthur, beside him. Arthur was wearing a black suit and a tie; he was dressed a little nicer than Llewyn was. But then Arthur went to church, so he had nicer suits. He’d combed his black hair back from his face and trimmed his goatee, and he looked handsome. Sometimes Arthur looked ridiculous and awkward, but sometimes, looking at him made Llewyn’s breath catch in his throat. The service wasn’t long, and soon Llewyn realized the minister was winding down. “Let us pray,” he said, and as soon as the heads in front of him bowed, Llewyn started to slip away. But of course, Arthur bowed his head too, and at the same time, he kept his eyes open to look sideways at Llewyn. His hand shot out and clamped down over Llewyn’s wrist and didn’t let up until the minister said, “Amen.” Before they could get away, one of the old men in front of them had turned around and recognized Llewyn, and they were trapped. Llewyn might have walked away anyway, had he been alone, but Arthur was too nice to do that. He’s the wife in this relationship, Llewyn thought, making me be polite. His father’s friends and coworkers were polite too, asking how Llewyn was before they launched into the real reason they spoke to him: to talk about Hugh Davis, or more accurately, to talk about themselves in the context of Hugh Davis. Llewyn found himself thinking of them the way Arthur probably did: They’re old, and everyone around them has heard their stories a thousand times. They want to tell them one more time, to someone who doesn’t already know. Arthur’s presence made Llewyn patient. None of them asked who Arthur was. They didn’t care. He was someone who hadn’t heard the stories, and that was all. But they held Llewyn and Arthur up, until Joy noticed them. She had been standing by the minister and the coffin and the flowers, her son Danny sullen beside her in a miniature suit of his own, but when she spotted Llewyn, she left Danny with the minister and hurried over. “Llewyn!” she said as soon as she was close enough. She sounded surprised, but not angry. “I didn’t think you would come.” “I guess not,” said Llewyn. He wasn’t angry either, not at her, but he was a little angry at Arthur, who had said they wouldn’t talk to anyone. “I tried to get in touch with you,” Joy said, “but no one knew where you were. I wasn’t even sure you were out of the Marines.” “It’s okay,” said Llewyn. “You couldn’t have known. Anyway, I saw it in the paper.” He almost said, “I’m sorry,” Arthur’s rote politeness rubbing off on him again, as if it were only her loss and not his. But it is her loss, he thought, not mine. I lost him a long time ago. He lost himself a long time ago. The silence between them was awkward and too long. Neither of them wanted to discuss the obituary and Llewyn’s absence from it. Llewyn’s sister looked up at Arthur and said, “Hi.” “Hi,” said Arthur. “This is my sister, Joy,” Llewyn said to him. Then to Joy, he said, “This is Arthur, my friend. I live with him.” “Oh. He’s staying with you?” she asked Arthur. “He lives with me,” Arthur said. “I’ve been there for nearly a year,” Llewyn added. “Oh.” Joy looked back at Llewyn, surprised. “You’ve been back for a year already? I didn’t know.” “I didn’t know you knew I shipped out,” said Llewyn. “I didn’t tell anyone. Except Arthur.” “I just assumed,” she said. “Because you disappeared, and you’d said you were going back in. When you didn’t come around, and your friends didn’t know where you were, I assumed.” She looked at Arthur again. “I guess some of your friends knew, but not the ones I’d met.” “You threw me out,” Llewyn reminded her. “I didn’t think you cared where I was going.” “Llew,” muttered Arthur, wife-like, conveying in the single syllable the injunction, Don’t make a scene, dear. “Sorry,” Llewyn said to his sister. “We need to go. Arthur has to get back to work, and he’s my ride.” “All right,” Joy said. “You can come by some time.” “All right,” Llewyn said. “I will.” They were all being so polite. “You said we wouldn’t talk to her,” Llewyn accused when he and Arthur were back in the car. They were waiting for their turn to inch out of their parking spot, into the strings of cars driven by the old men who had come to the funeral. “You stayed and talked to her,” said Arthur. “We could have gotten away if you hadn’t started praying,” Llewyn retorted. “You can’t just walk off during a prayer,” said Arthur. “It’s sacrilegious. But you stayed after that.” “I was being polite,” said Llewyn. When they got home, Llewyn sat down on the couch. Arthur washed his hands and filled a glass with water. He drank it all, refilled it, and took it to Llewyn. Llewyn shook his head, and Arthur sat down with it at the other end of the couch. “Aren’t you going to work?” Llewyn asked him. “It’s not even noon.” “I thought you might want me to stick around,” Arthur told him. “I will if you want me to. I thought you might want to talk.” “About what?” scoffed Llewyn. “There’s nothing to talk about. It’s over. Go to work.” Arthur sighed and took a drink from his glass. Llewyn looked over at him. Arthur had a hurt look in his dark eyes, a look Llewyn rarely saw anymore. “You look really nice,” Llewyn said. Arthur glanced at him. “So do you,” he said. “Not really.” Llewyn smiled, although it was more of a grimace than a smile, and looked down at his clothes. “I should get a new suit. A nice one.” “What for? You never go anywhere to dress up,” said Arthur. “You going to start going to church with me?” “No,” said Llewyn. “I don’t know. You’d like it if I did, wouldn’t you?” Arthur shrugged, then nodded. “It would be ironic though,” Llewyn continued, “you bringing your homosexual lover to church. You couldn’t tell them who I am. They’d throw you out. For sinning.” “Everyone sins,” said Arthur. “And I wouldn’t tell them you’re my homosexual lover. I’d tell them you’re my wife.” “Fuck you, Arthur,” said Llewyn; then he sighed too. “Maybe I will start going to church with you. I don’t do anything else while you’re gone on Sunday mornings. I just sleep.” “I’d like that,” said Arthur, “you going with me.” He finished his water. “Do you want me to stay home with you today?” “No, I don’t. There’s no reason for you to miss a whole day because of me.” “There’s every reason, Llewyn, if you need me.” Arthur set down his glass, moved to the middle cushion of the couch, and angled his lanky body to face Llewyn. “I don’t—” Llewyn began. “I don’t—fuck.” He looked away and closed his eyes. “Llew,” said Arthur. “Baby.” “Shut up,” Llewyn growled, his eyes still closed. One day, he thought, he’s going to leave me. I’m going to be an asshole to him one time too many, and he’s going to leave me. Arthur didn’t move. “I don’t feel anything,” Llewyn said aloud, clenching his teeth between the words. “He was already gone, a long time ago. And even when he was himself, he was disappointed in me. I went to see him because I felt obligated to. Not because—not because I felt—” Llewyn dropped his head, covered his face with both hands, and sobbed. Arthur didn’t hold him, but Llewyn didn’t want to be held. Arthur sat there beside him, not touching him, and waited. Llewyn cried for about a minute, then stopped without trying to. He shuddered, like he did sometimes after he came. Arthur pulled out the handkerchief he had in the breast pocket of his suit and handed it to Llewyn. Llewyn wiped his eyes and nose and balled up the handkerchief into his fist. He looked down at the floor then turned his head to look at Arthur. Arthur stroked a curl of hair back from Llewyn’s forehead with his long fingers. “I love you,” said Llewyn. -- “I love you too,” said Arthur. Llewyn dropped the handkerchief on the floor and felt around in his own jacket for his notebook. Arthur looked at the handkerchief and sighed. “You’re a fucking slob, Llew,” he said. Llewyn ignored him and reached for the telephone sitting on the end table beside the couch. He hauled the phone into his lap, picked up the receiver, and dialed the number he’d found. Arthur sat back and watched him. “Joy. It’s me. Llewyn,” Llewyn said into the phone. “I need to tell you something.” Arthur could hear Joy’s voice come from the receiver, but he couldn’t understand what she said. “It’s about Arthur,” Llewyn said. “He’s not just my friend. He’s my boyfriend.” “Oh,” Arthur breathed. Llewyn’s sister said something else. “‘What does that mean?’” Llewyn repeated in a sarcastic tone. “It means we’re lovers. We sleep together. We fuck each other.” The voice in the receiver sounded disgusted. Angry. “ No , I’m not a homosexual. It’s called bi sexual,” Llewyn retorted. “It means— yes , there’s a difference. Men and women both. Except now, I’m just with Arthur. I love him.” Llewyn’s sister started yelling, and he winced and held the receiver a bit away from his ear. Then the phone went dead, and Llewyn set the receiver back on the phone and put the phone back on the table. “She hung up on me,” he observed. “You. . . you didn’t have to tell her,” murmured Arthur. “Yeah, I did.” Llewyn looked down at the dropped handkerchief; then he turned his body to face Arthur. Llewyn’s beautiful, mahogany-brown eyes were still red around the edges from crying. “I treat you like shit, Arthur,” Llewyn said, “and I’m sorry. I have to make it up to you.” “You don’t treat me like shit, Llew,” Arthur told him. “You’re an asshole, but I knew that going in. You don’t have to make anything up to me.” “But I had to tell her,” Llewyn insisted, “because I’m not going to lie about you.” He leaned into the right angle where the back of the couch met its arm. “She said not to come visit—I wasn’t going to. And she said to keep away from Danny. My nephew.” “I’m sorry,” said Arthur. “She didn’t want me seeing him anyway,” Llewyn said, “because I swear too much. I hadn’t seen him in two years before today.” “Llewyn,” Arthur murmured, “thank you. For being honest about me. And to me.” He was thinking about what Llewyn had told him soon after he’d moved in with Arthur, that Llewyn had a child somewhere, maybe in Akron. At first, Arthur had felt sick inside when he thought about it, but he pretended it didn’t bother him because Llewyn had stopped lying to him, mostly, at least about the important things. Eventually, Arthur came to realize that although Llewyn sometimes got quiet and thoughtful over it, he wasn’t thinking about the child’s mother. Llewyn nodded. “Stay home,” he said. “Okay,” said Arthur. Now he reached out an arm to Llewyn, and Llewyn leaned into him. Arthur wrapped both arms around the smaller man and held him. He kissed Llewyn’s forehead, just below his hairline. Llewyn’s skin tasted salty. “Arthur,” Llewyn muttered. He kissed the side of Arthur’s neck, first with his lips closed, then open-mouthed. “You look good in that suit, but I want to rip it off you.” “Don’t,” Arthur groaned. He tilted his head back. “It was—was expensive. I’ll take it off.” Llewyn made a sort of growling noise as he bit at Arthur’s neck. “I want you to stay home,” he said, “and distract me. I don’t want to think.” “Good,” said Arthur. He pushed Llewyn off of him so he could start removing his suit jacket. “You’re dangerous when you’re thinking.” Before he could get the jacket all the way off, Llewyn’s hands were at his neck, loosening his tie. Arthur batted his hands away. “Take your own suit off. You’re just slowing me down.” -- It was Friday, and Llewyn was supposed to play at Pappi’s that night. Arthur told him they could stay home if Llewyn wanted to, but Llewyn said they needed the money. They didn’t, but Arthur didn’t argue with him. Performing might do Llewyn some good. Arthur drove them into the city. He regretted it when they got to Pappi’s, and Jean and Jim were there. They hadn’t been around in a while, since before Llewyn came back, since Jim made it. Arthur didn’t resent his success; Arthur wouldn’t have his royalties if not for Jim. But he resented them showing up at Pappi’s. Llewyn went up to play, and Arthur sat at his usual table in the back, and Jim came over to sit with him. Everyone kept looking back at them instead of watching Llewyn play. Jean was visibly pregnant. She sat on Jim’s other side and listened as Jim talked to Arthur, when Llewyn had finished his set. Llewyn had gone over to the bar, and Arthur watched him as Jim talked. “We heard Llewyn was back and playing here again,” Jim told Arthur. “We’ve been meaning to get over here for a while and see him. Didn’t know you and Llewyn were still in touch though.” “Yeah,” said Arthur. “How is he?” Jim asked. He looked over at the bar too, at Llewyn leaning on one elbow and talking to Pappi. “He’s better,” said Arthur. “He’s doing good.” “Where’s he staying?” asked Jim. “He lives with me,” said Arthur. “We live together.” “Oh,” said Jim. “That’s good. You’re a nice guy, Arthur. You’re probably good for him.” “I hope so,” said Arthur. Llewyn came back to the table with two drinks. He handed one to Arthur and sat down on his other side. Jim leaned back to say something to Llewyn, behind Arthur, but then Pappi motioned to Jim from the bar. “Excuse me,” Jim said, and he got up. When he was gone, Jean looked at Arthur and Llewyn. “Congratulations,” Llewyn told her. “Yeah,” she said, cautiously. “Whose is it?” Arthur asked. “Jim’s, I’m guessing, since you kept it.” Llewyn had told Arthur about Jean when he told him about the child in Akron. Jean stared at Arthur; then her eyes narrowed and flicked over to Llewyn. “Llewyn, you asshole,” she said. “What did you tell him?” “I’m sorry,” said Llewyn. He looked away from her and drank from his glass. Jean didn’t try to get anything else out of him; instead, she turned to Arthur. “You used to be so nice,” Jean told him. “You’re spending too much time around Llewyn. Why are you letting him stay with you, anyway?” “He’s not staying with me,” said Arthur. “He lives with me.” “That was a bad choice,” she said. “You’ll regret it.” Llewyn looked past Arthur at her, but he didn’t say anything. “It’s been a year,” muttered Arthur. “I haven’t started regretting it yet.” “You will,” said Jean, ominously. “No, I won’t .” Arthur was starting to get angry. “Lay off Llew, okay? I’m sorry for what I said. It was my fault, not his. You can’t blame him for everything.” “‘Llew’?” Jean asked. “He lets you call him Llew?” Arthur didn’t want to talk to her anymore. Instead, he faced forward to glare at the table in front of him and lifted his glass to take a swallow of his drink. It was mixed stronger than he usually liked, and he grimaced as he tasted it. When he set his glass down again, he didn’t let it go. It was cold and hard and wet where condensation formed and dripped down onto his fingers. After a minute, Llewyn put his hand over Arthur’s and stroked the back of Arthur’s long fingers with one of his short ones. Arthur turned to look at him, and Llewyn smiled. When Arthur glanced back at Jean, she was staring at their clasped hands. “Finish your drink,” Llewyn muttered. “I got my money already. I want to get out of here.” “You don’t want to get drunk?” Arthur was teasing him, but he was also a little surprised. “Not here,” said Llewyn. “We can get drunk at home.” “I didn’t say I wanted to get drunk.” Llewyn leaned up to whisper to him, “I like it when you’re drunk. You get kinky when you’re drunk.” “Fuck,” said Arthur, and he hurried to finish his drink. They left before Jim got back to the table. Jean had gotten up to join him and Pappi when Llewyn started whispering, so they weren’t obligated to say goodbye to her. On the way home, Llewyn said Arthur, “I wonder what Pappi was talking to Jim about—Jim didn’t look happy.” “Maybe Jean told him what I said to her.” Arthur frowned at the dark road ahead of the car. “I shouldn’t have said that. I was angry.” “You were jealous,” said Llewyn. “No, I wasn’t. I was angry that she and Jim can just. . . show up and act like nothing’s changed. Even though they’ve been too good for the rest of us since Jim ‘made it.’ You used to call me a sellout. What about Jim?” “You were jealous,” Llewyn repeated. “I’m not jealous of Jim,” Arthur muttered. “I know you’re not,” said Llewyn. “You’re jealous of Jean. Because I fucked her one time.” Arthur’s hands clenched over the steering wheel, and Llewyn sighed. “She’s right, I shouldn’t have told you about that.” “I am not jealous over you,” said Arthur. “Anyway, we’re home.” He pulled into the garage and got out of the car and went into the house without waiting for Llewyn. He didn’t feel like getting drunk anymore, and he wondered why he’d told Jean that not everything could be blamed on Llewyn. Llewyn followed him inside and went to the kitchen, where he found the gin and drank straight from the bottle. He held it out to Arthur, but Arthur shook his head. “I’m going to bed,” he said, and he started for the little hallway leading to the bedroom. “Dammit, what’s the matter with you?” Llewyn groaned. “Are you mad that I said you were jealous? Because you were jealous.” Arthur had stopped in the doorway with his back to Llewyn, and he leaned in it, bracing his hands on the sides. “I don’t like thinking about you with her,” Arthur finally said. “Then don’t . I was with her once . I regretted it. She made sure I regretted it.” Arthur heard Llewyn’s shoes brush the carpet as he came closer, even heard the sound of Llewyn’s mouth on the bottle as he drank again. “I’ve never regretted being with you,” Llewyn said in a small, low voice after a moment. “Even when you piss me off.” He drank again then swore softly, “Fuck, this was a bad idea. I should’ve stayed home. I’m all fucked up after this morning.” Arthur heard him turn away, back to the kitchen, then the clink of Llewyn setting the bottle down. Arthur thought about that morning, about Llewyn standing at the edge of his father’s funeral with Arthur beside him, about Llewyn covering his face with his small hands so Arthur couldn’t see how he looked when he cried, about Llewyn calling his sister and telling her Arthur was his lover. “I’m sorry, Llew,” Arthur said. He turned and went over to where Llewyn was standing in the kitchen, looking at the bottle. Arthur put his arms around the smaller man, and for a moment Llewyn was stiff and resistant, but then he relaxed against Arthur’s chest and held him around his waist. “I’m sorry I got jealous,” Arthur told him as he put his lips to Llewyn’s dark hair. “I shouldn’t have made things worse for you today.” “Make it up to me.” Llewyn reached past him for the bottle. “Drink up and come to bed and let me fuck you.” When Arthur took the bottle and drank, Llewyn looked up at him. He was smiling. “Wear that damn cowboy hat of yours, and ride me.” “That’s your idea of kinky?” Arthur asked. “It’s yours, actually,” said Llewyn. “You suggested it the last time you got drunk, but we were already in bed, and you were too messed up to think where you’d put the hat. You don’t remember saying it?” Arthur shrugged. “No. But the hat’s in the top of my closet.” Llewyn lay on his back in bed with Arthur straddling him, and Arthur leaned back between the smaller man’s spread thighs as Llewyn grasped his hips and thrust up into him. Llewyn knew just how he liked it and where, and he made Arthur come without touching him. Arthur stayed on him after but rocked forward and held himself up on trembling arms as Llewyn finished inside him. Llewyn groaned and shuddered, then pulled Arthur down and kissed him. “You can lose the hat now,” he muttered into Arthur’s mouth. Arthur took it off and dropped it on the floor beside the bed. Neither of them was really drunk, but Arthur liked it better that way. He liked being able to remember Llewyn’s hands trailing up and down his spine, and his mouth pressing lazy caresses to Arthur’s neck, and even his beard scratching against Arthur’s throat. “Want me to fuck you now?” Arthur asked, even though he was tired. “No.” When Llewyn quit working on his neck and laid his head back on the pillow, Arthur rolled off him and lay on his back too, beside Llewyn without touching him. “Am I ever going to meet your family?” Llewyn asked. “You met mine. What was left of it.” He was quiet a few seconds, then added, “I guess I don’t have a family anymore.” “I told you, I don’t talk to them. I don’t have a family anymore either.” Arthur closed his eyes and added, “Except for you.” Llewyn didn’t say anything. Arthur dozed off, maybe for just a minute or maybe longer, until Llewyn woke him up by draping himself over Arthur and laying his head on his chest. “Hold me,” Llewyn muttered. Arthur put his arms around Llewyn’s bare back and stroked the curls on the nape of his neck with one hand. “Thank you for going to the funeral with me,” Llewyn said. “Thank you for taking care of me.” “I always will,” Arthur told him. “You know that, don’t you?” “I know,” said Llewyn. He was quiet another minute; then he mumbled against Arthur’s chest, “I love you, Arthur. I wish I could do more for you than that.” “Llewyn,” said Arthur, “you’re here, and you love me, and I love you. That’s enough.” -- Chapter end Chapter 7 : The Good Wife Summary: Housewife kink, or, how not to turn into Arthur's parents. Notes: I am probably going to hell for this, so if you want to come too, imagine Oscar Isaac wearing this: Then read on. Summer, 1963 Llewyn was in a bad mood when Arthur got home from work, but at least he’d cooked dinner. Arthur hadn’t had such a great day himself, and he ate methodically until, eventually, he realized Llewyn had expected some kind of compliment on the meal. “You’ve never made meatloaf before,” Arthur observed. “You’re getting adventurous.” “Fuck you,” said Llewyn. Arthur looked at him in mild surprise, and Llewyn muttered, “Really, that’s all you can say? ‘Adventurous’? I was elbows-deep in bloody hamburger and ketchup all afternoon.” “Jesus,” said Arthur. “That’s disgusting. It kind of ruins it.” “Make your own fucking dinner then, Al,” said Llewyn, and he left the table. Arthur finished eating and cleared off the table. Llewyn was in the kitchen, sulking, when Arthur started on the dishes. “Really, it was good,” Arthur said. “Just don’t tell me what’s in it next time.” “Go to hell,” said Llewyn. He started to leave the kitchen, then paused and looked back over his shoulder. “And take out the trash on your way there. I’ve been asking you to do it all week.” “Fine,” sighed Arthur. He finished the dishes and took out the trash. When he came back in, Llewyn was on the couch, strumming his guitar. They ignored each other, and Arthur went to their bathroom to take a shower. Llewyn was still messing with the guitar when Arthur got finished and returned to the living room to sit on the other end of the couch. “Are you ever going to get a new bathrobe?” Llewyn said, neither looking at Arthur nor stopping his playing. “You’ve been wearing that thing since the first time we fucked.” “Didn’t stop you from fucking me,” said Arthur. “It might yet,” said Llewyn. “Look, I’m sorry about the—the meatloaf,” Arthur groaned. “Why are you so pissed off today? You didn’t even ask how my day was.” “You didn’t ask about mine either! You’re fucking oblivious. And boring. What would you say if I did ask?” Llewyn demanded, then answered himself. “That you did the same shit you do every day at work. That’s what you’d say.” “Yeah? And what did you do?” Arthur challenged. “Fucking played the guitar and—and slept and jacked off, probably. I know you didn’t clean anything. Or take out the trash even though you were here all day.” “I made a fucking meatloaf!” Llewyn was nearly shouting at that point. “And I didn’t jack off, because I was going to let you fuck me tonight, but you know what? I’m going to go jack off right now because you aren’t getting anywhere near my ass!” “You go do that, because I’m not at all interested in your ass,” Arthur said. It was the first time he’d lied to Llewyn in quite a while, and he continued to be interested in Llewyn’s ass as Llewyn got up and stalked off to the guest room, guitar and all. Llewyn was wearing tight jeans that day, and Arthur watched him go regretfully. Arthur had looked forward all day to coming home to Llewyn, and only when Llewyn vacated the room did Arthur realize he never actually told Llewyn that. In fact, he looked forward to coming home to Llewyn every day, and he hadn’t told Llewyn so in quite a while. We’re turning into my parents, Arthur thought, bitching at each other, and me taking him for granted, and him bored with me. He got up and went to the guest room. Llewyn had shut the door, like he usually did when he got mad at Arthur and went in there to brood. Arthur could hear discordant guitar harmonies coming from within the room. Usually, Arthur just left Llewyn alone when he got like that, but now he knocked on the door, gently. “Llew?” Llewyn didn’t answer. Arthur knocked again then tried the knob. The door was locked. “Llewyn! Open up, baby. I’m sorry, okay?” he called. He rattled the knob. “You can’t come in,” Llewyn yelled through the door. “Oh come on, I said I was sorry!” Arthur leaned his forehead on the door. “Llew. Look, I’m sorry I’m boring. And I’ll buy a new bathrobe. Okay?” He turned his head to rest his cheek against the door and closed his eyes. “I thought about you all day. I want to see you.” At first, all was quiet from within; even the guitar had stopped. Then Llewyn called, “Go away. I’m busy.” Arthur gave up and went back to the living room. He watched TV for a while without really seeing it, and he thought about Llewyn. He knew Llewyn would get over it, but probably not until the next day, and Arthur would be back at work then. Arthur sighed, tilted his head back against the couch, and thought about having to sleep alone that night. His bed, whose size had once seemed luxurious to Arthur, always felt too empty when Llewyn slept in the guest room. Arthur was considering going on to bed anyway, to make the time until Llewyn forgave him pass more quickly, when he heard a swishing sound from the hallway. The hall opened off the same wall that the couch sat on, so even when Arthur turned his head, he couldn’t see the source of the sound. “Llew?” he asked. He sounded more hopeful than he’d meant to. “Yeah.” Llewyn stayed in the hall, where Arthur couldn’t see him. “Close your eyes.” “Why?” “Just do it, Arthur.” “What, you’re going to the kitchen and you won’t even let me look at you?” Arthur groaned. “Just close your fucking eyes.” “ Fine. ” Arthur closed them. “Are they closed?” “ Yes , they’re closed.” Arthur heard the swishing sound again, moving toward him; then it stopped. “Okay.” Llewyn’s voice sounded small and uncertain. “You can look.” Arthur opened his eyes. Llewyn was standing a couple yards away from him, wearing a dress. It was sleeveless and blue, with a white floral pattern, and the full skirt came to just below Llewyn’s knees. Llewyn was wearing stockings under the dress and white heels. “Holy shit,” said Arthur. At first, he didn’t even notice that Llewyn had shaved; he was too busy staring at Llewyn’s body. Finally, though, he lifted his eyes back to Llewyn’s beardless face. “Fuck,” said Arthur, “you shaved. You. . . are you wearing lipstick?” “A little,” muttered Llewyn. Arthur had never seen him blush before, but he was blushing now. “And of course I shaved. I would look ridiculous in this with a beard. It’ll grow back.” “Oh my God,” said Arthur. “Oh fuck, Llew.” Llewyn shifted his weight from one foot to the other, wobbling a bit on the heels. “Well?” he demanded. “It took me forever to get into this thing. And to get the damn stockings on. Fucking garter belt and clips and—” “Oh shit, you’re wearing a garter belt? Llew, what the fuck ?” Llewyn glared at him, and Arthur added, “I. . . I mean. . . what gave you the idea to. . . to. . . Christ, Llew, I’m gonna come just looking at you.” Llewyn grinned abruptly. “So you like it.” “Hell yes I like it. Get over here.” Llewyn tottered over to him and bent over to kiss him when Arthur reached for him. Arthur groaned and tried to drag Llewyn down into his lap, but the smaller man pulled away far too soon and stood just out of reach. “I was saving this for your birthday,” Llewyn said, smoothing his skirt down with both hands. “But after what you said, that you thought about me all day. . . I decided I should make up with you by putting it on early.” “But—but what. . . how did you come up with. . . .” Arthur trailed off as Llewyn gave his hips an experimental shake and the skirt rustled. “You joked about putting me in a dress once,” said Llewyn, “but I saw the look on your face when you said it.” He moved a step closer, skirt swishing, but when Arthur reached for him again, Llewyn sank to his knees and avoided his grasp. Llewyn put his hands up on Arthur’s chest and pushed open his robe. “You still need a new bathrobe,” Llewyn said. He ran his fingertips over Arthur’s nipples, and Arthur shivered as they stiffened. “Maybe I’ll get you that for your birthday since you’re getting me in a dress now.” “You can get me you in a dress again then, too,” Arthur suggested. He gasped when Llewyn pinched his nipples, hard. “Fuck, Llew.” “Maybe,” said Llewyn. He spread Arthur’s robe open at his waist, then past his thighs. Arthur was hard, throbbing. Llewyn leaned forward between his legs and licked him. “Shit,” breathed Arthur. Llewyn started going down on him, slowly, the way Arthur liked it. Arthur stared, watching Llewyn’s lips glossing his shaft with pale pink lipstick. Llewyn wasn’t wearing eye makeup, but he didn’t need it; his lashes were long and black enough as it was, and when he looked up at Arthur through them, Arthur fell in love with him all over again. “Llew,” Arthur whispered. He brushed Llewyn’s dark hair back from his temple, then laced his fingers through Llewyn’s curls and tugged, coaxing Llewyn’s head downward. Llewyn closed his eyes and dropped his head lower. He worked Arthur with his tongue until Arthur was about to come, then pulled off. “Dammit,” Arthur hissed. He rocked his hips up, trying to catch Llewyn’s mouth, now mostly devoid of lipstick. “I owe you more than a blow job,” said Llewyn. “I’ve been very mean to you.” “No, it was my fault,” Arthur said. “I’ve been taking you for granted and—” “Shut up, Arthur,” said Llewyn. “I’ve been bad. Very bad.” “Because you didn’t let me come?” asked Arthur. Llewyn laughed, softly. He looked beautiful. “Because I said you were boring.” He leaned forward and licked Arthur again. “And because I didn’t ask about your day. You go to work all day and come home, and I don’t even ask about your day.” Llewyn looked up at him again, through his eyelashes. “I’m a terrible wife.” “You’re not,” Arthur said. “You’re a wonderful wife.” “Arthur,” said Llewyn, “I’m very bad, and you should punish me.” “Punish. . . .” Arthur began. “Oh. Oh. ” He put both hands in Llewyn’s hair, bent down, and kissed him. “How. . . how do you think you should be punished?” “I think,” Llewyn whispered into his mouth, “you should spank me.” “Oh God, Llew,” said Arthur. He kissed Llewyn harder and deeper, then rubbed his pale cheek against the tan, smooth one now fully exposed for the first time since they’d met. “Your skin’s so soft,” Arthur murmured as he began to caress Llewyn’s face, kissing and licking it. “You’re so beautiful, Llewyn, you’re so damn beautiful.” “Arthur,” said Llewyn. His eyes closed, and he tilted his head back a little, and when Arthur finally drew his head back, the black lashes at the corners of Llewyn’s eyes looked wet. “Not now, okay? Tell me later. Right now, you’ve got a job to do.” “Okay,” said Arthur. “I’ll tell you later.” He put his hands under Llewyn’s arms—Llewyn hadn’t shaved there—and hauled the smaller man up to his feet. “Bend over,” said Arthur, “across my lap. I’m going to spank you, hard. Because—” He leaned forward and pressed his lips to the floral fabric just above the belt across Llewyn’s flat stomach. “—you’ve been such a bad girl.” “You’d better remind me what I did,” Llewyn said, “so I’ll know not to do it again.” He pushed Arthur’s shoulders back and lay on the couch over the larger man’s lap. Llewyn kept the heels on, and Arthur ran a hand up one stockinged leg, from the back of Llewyn’s ankle all the way to the top of the stocking. Llewyn hadn’t shaved his legs either. He never would have passed for a woman, and Arthur liked that. He squeezed the back of Llewyn’s thigh, his hand reaching up under the blue skirt. Llewyn squirmed a little, and his thighs parted, one up near Arthur’s right hip and the other on his knee. Arthur began to list the ways Llewyn had been bad. “You didn’t ask how my day was, and you said I was boring,” Arthur told him, “because I spent all day at the office working to make money for us.” He squeezed the thigh under his hand a little harder, then slid his hand over and squeezed the other one. “And you. . . insulted my taste in bathrobes.” “No, I didn’t,” said Llewyn. “I’m sure that robe was very nice when it was new. I said you need to replace—” He broke off with a gasp when Arthur smacked his thigh. “Don’t interrupt,” Arthur said. He felt Llewyn’s erection twitch against his leg. Arthur continued, “You threatened to withhold sex until I got a new bathrobe.” He had to struggle not to start laughing; everything that had irritated him less than an hour before seemed silly now. Maybe that was the point. Arthur slid his hand between Llewyn’s thighs and pushed it upward, until his arm was elbow-deep in the skirt. His fingers brushed satin between Llewyn’s legs. Llewyn whimpered. “You made me take out the trash,” Arthur continued, “when you could have done it all day while you were here and I was at work.” He pushed his fingers under Llewyn, between his erection and Arthur’s thigh. Llewyn was so hard, he felt like steel under the satin fabric, and he groaned when Arthur’s hand slid between them. “You didn’t clean while I was gone either. You could have done some of the laundry, but you always leave it for me to do on the weekends. And right now. . . .” Arthur could feel a slick, damp spot beneath his fingertips, at the tip of Llewyn’s erection. “Right now you’re making more laundry for me to do by getting your—your panties wet.” He could hardly say it, but not because it sounded silly. Llewyn twitched again, and the damp spot spread. “Then,” Arthur said, “you went and locked yourself in the guest room, and you wouldn’t let me—wouldn’t let your husband in.” He pulled his hand out from under Llewyn and slid it up over the smaller man’s ass instead. “Your husband who’d been away from you all day, missing you and wanting to be with you.” “Arthur,” Llewyn whispered. “Please.” “Please what?” asked Arthur. “Forgive me.” It wasn’t what Arthur expected. “Llew,” he murmured. He heard Llewyn swallow, then say, “And then punish me. Punish me like I deserve.” “First say you’re sorry,” Arthur told him, “and that you won’t do it again. Then I’ll punish you.” “I’m sorry,” said Llewyn. “Very, very sorry. And I won’t ever do it again, I promise.” He was probably lying, but Arthur didn’t mind. “All right,” Arthur said, “I forgive you. But I still have to punish you.” He groped Llewyn’s ass under his dress. “For your own good.” Arthur shoved the dress up around Llewyn’s hips. Under it, Llewyn was wearing white panties that went up to his waist, and a matching garter belt clipped to his stockings. It had lace around the bottom. “Oh fuck, Llew,” Arthur breathed as he stared at Llewyn’s satin-clad ass. He slid his hand over it and ran his fingers along the garter belt’s straps, stretching down Llewyn’s hips. Llewyn arched his back and thrust his ass up, and Arthur spanked him. Clearly unprepared, Llewyn yelped, but Arthur probably startled himself more than he did Llewyn. He hadn’t even consciously thought about doing it; he just did it. And it felt good, satisfying even: the way Llewyn’s muscular ass felt under his hand, the smacking sound, and Llewyn’s reaction. Arthur spanked him again. “Ow, fuck ,” Llewyn groaned. “That hurt .” “It’s supposed to hurt,” said Arthur. “You should be grateful I’m leaving your panties on.” He did it again, and Llewyn moaned. Arthur did it harder. “Oh God, Arthur, fuck.” Llewyn bucked his hips forward, grinding his erection into Arthur’s thigh. “That fucking hurts, it feels so good.” “You look so hot like this, wearing this,” Arthur told him. He smacked Llewyn’s ass again, hard. “And you love it, don’t you? You love being my wife.” Llewyn groaned again and said, “Yes, God yes.” Arthur kept spanking him, and Llewyn writhed on his lap. “I love it!” Arthur rubbed himself against the front of Llewyn’s garter belt. The lace felt rough, and it almost hurt, but Arthur couldn’t stop. Llewyn was thrusting against his thigh as Arthur spanked him. “I’m gonna come,” Llewyn hissed. Arthur quit spanking him and slid an arm under his waist to break Llewyn’s contact with his thigh. “ Fuck ,” Llewyn growled. “I’ll make you come,” said Arthur, “but not by spanking you. Sit up, baby.” He pulled Llewyn up into his arms, against his chest. Llewyn winced when he turned over to sit in Arthur’s lap; then he kissed Arthur’s neck and sucked on it, just below his jaw. Arthur tilted his head back and groaned, “You said you owed me, so I want to fuck you. I want to fuck my pretty little wife.” Llewyn’s dress was still hiked up around his waist, and Arthur began rubbing his cock through his panties. “Not here,” Llewyn whispered against his neck. “Take me to bed, husband.” Arthur picked him up and carried him, hands under Llewyn’s ass with Llewyn’s firm legs wrapped around his waist. Arthur’s robe was still open, and his erection rubbed against Llewyn’s panties as he stumbled to the bedroom. He got to the bed just before he dropped Llewyn. Llewyn slipped out of Arthur’s arms and landed on his back in the middle of the bed, legs splayed. “Oh fuck,” Arthur breathed. He leaned over the side of the bed and nuzzled Llewyn’s groin, then crawled up onto the bed and unclipped the garter’s straps from his stockings. Arthur worked the panties down past Llewyn’s hips, down his legs, over his feet. Llewyn’s shoes had fallen off somewhere in the hall. Arthur fastened the clips back onto Llewyn’s stockings, then sat back to look at him. “My ass hurts,” said Llewyn. “You really spanked me hard.” “Let me see,” said Arthur. “Turn over.” Llewyn rolled over on his stomach and squirmed against the bedspread. “On your hands and knees,” said Arthur. Llewyn pushed himself up onto his knees, bracing himself on his forearms and elbows. Arthur pushed his dress up higher and looked at the red marks on Llewyn’s tan ass, then rubbed them with both hands. Llewyn groaned, and Arthur asked, “Does it hurt?” “A little,” said Llewyn, “but good. It feels good.” He leaned down a little, raising his ass higher, and muttered, “I love feeling your hands on me. I love it when you touch me.” Arthur crawled up behind him and caressed the red marks, open-mouthed; then he pushed Llewyn’s thighs farther apart and started rimming him. “Oh fuck, Arthur, fuck ,” Llewyn moaned. He collapsed on his chest, head turned to the side and cheek pressed against the bedspread as he hissed, “I fucking love your mouth, baby.” Arthur reached under Llewyn and stroked him at the same time, careful not to let Llewyn come, until he was too desperate to fuck Llewyn to wait any longer. “Shit, don’t stop,” groaned Llewyn when Arthur pulled away. Arthur ignored him, shrugged out of his robe, and leaned over to reach for the lubricant they kept in the nightstand. “ Arthur, ” Llewyn whined, but he shut up when Arthur dripped lube on him and thrust two fingers in, hard. Arthur stroked himself a couple times with the lube then grabbed Llewyn’s hips and pushed up against him. “Ready?” he asked. “Fuck me,” said Llewyn. Arthur pushed in all the way on the first stroke. Llewyn howled, then started bitching again when Arthur held still inside him. “Dammit, Arthur, fuck me, fuck me !” “I’m gonna come if I start fucking you,” Arthur muttered. “Hold on. And quit tensing, your ass is so fucking tight, you’ll make me shoot if you don’t stop it.” Llewyn sighed and relaxed, although Arthur could feel him trembling. “Okay,” said Arthur after a minute, and he started thrusting. Llewyn grunted and pushed back against him. “Fuck me,” he breathed, “and talk to me.” “You’re so fucking tight,” Arthur said again. He wrapped one arm around Llewyn’s waist and leaned over his back, holding him close; he rubbed Llewyn’s thigh and the stocking and garter strap with his other hand. “My—nngh—pretty little wife.” “More,” hissed Llewyn. He arched his back and ground his ass against Arthur’s abdomen, trying to get him in deeper. Arthur pressed his chest to Llewyn’s back, hooked his chin over Llewyn’s shoulder, and fucked Llewyn harder. “You took it so good,” Arthur whispered, “me—me punishing you. You’re so good.” He could feel his orgasm building already, pressure slowly gathering at the base of his cock. He didn’t want to hold back anymore, and he reached under Llewyn to stroke him again. Llewyn groaned and thrust into Arthur’s fist. “I’m gonna make you come,” said Arthur. The pressure was starting to hurt. “Gonna make you lose it—I love it when you go crazy for me.” “Nngh,” said Llewyn. “Fuck, Arthur, I’m gonna come. Please, let me come this time.” “Do it.” Arthur bit his ear and fucked him hard, trying to get the angle right and jerk Llewyn faster at the same time. “Come for me, baby, come for your husband.” “ Fuck ,” growled Llewyn. He came, pulsing in Arthur’s hand and clamping down around him. His whole little body shook, and he bucked under Arthur like a horse trying to throw him. The sensation of Llewyn spasming around him set Arthur off too. “Shit, shit! ” Arthur gasped. He pressed his mouth against Llewyn’s neck and rocked into him a couple more times, then thrust in deep and stayed there until he finished. Llewyn was still trembling under him; then he collapsed flat on his stomach, stockinged knees sliding out from under him across the bed. His downward motion pulled him off of Arthur’s cock, and Arthur knelt over him for a moment, looking down at the sliver of Llewyn’s brown back he could see above the white, lacy garter belt and below the crumpled dress. “You’re gonna have to wash the bedspread,” muttered Llewyn. “I got cum all over it.” “Okay,” said Arthur. “You know I really don’t mind doing the laundry.” “I know,” said Llewyn. He was sweaty and breathing hard. Arthur lay down on his side and pulled Llewyn into his arms, spooning behind him with the skirt of the dress bunched up between them. Arthur kissed Llewyn’s neck, tasting his sweat. “You had me tell you how you’d been bad,” Arthur whispered. “Now, I’m going to tell you everything you did right. You made dinner, and you touched raw meat and ketchup to do it.” Llewyn gave an exhausted laugh. “You don’t have to do this.” “Yes, I do. I love you too much not to.” Arthur slid his hand down Llewyn’s stomach and began unfastening the garter belt. “You almost always make dinner, and it’s almost always good. You play your guitar and sing, and even when you’re just practicing or fucking around, it makes me feel good to hear you.” He got the garter belt loose and unclipped the straps from Llewyn’s stockings. Arthur tossed the belt over his shoulder, to the floor. “You put up with me being boring.” “I didn’t mean that,” Llewyn interrupted. “You’re not boring.” “Yes, I am. I can be. And you stay with me anyway. You’re amazing in bed—taking it, giving it, whatever. You’re amazing.” Arthur closed his eyes and leaned his face into Llewyn’s hair. “I think about you all day at work, and coming home to you is the best part of my day. Best part of my life . I don’t tell you that enough, and I’m sorry. Forgive me, Llew.” “Arthur,” Llewyn sighed then rolled over to face him. He put his arms around Arthur’s shoulders and kissed him. “I forgive you,” Llewyn murmured against Arthur’s lips. “I don’t tell you enough either.” “Tell me what?” asked Arthur. “That. . . .” Llewyn turned his head aside and muttered, “That you’re the best part of my life too. That I love you.” After a few minutes, they got up, and Llewyn took off his dress and hung it up, then took off his stockings and left them on a chair. They got in the shower together and cleaned up, then Llewyn stripped the bedspread off and tossed it on the floor, then they went to bed and spooned again. “Stay home tomorrow,” said Llewyn. “I have a lot of work to do,” Arthur told him. “Tomorrow’s Friday. I need to get caught up before the weekend.” “Stay home,” said Llewyn, “with your wife. I’m not playing tomorrow night. We could go on a date.” “A date? Are we dating now?” Arthur smiled into the damp black curls trailing the back of Llewyn’s neck. “All right. Where do you want to go?” “Let’s go see a movie,” said Llewyn. “Okay. We can go in the afternoon, then I’ll take you out to dinner,” said Arthur. “Somewhere nice.” “Do you want me to wear the dress?” Llewyn asked. “Out? On our date?” Arthur did want him to, but he knew better than to say so, because Llewyn might actually do it. “No, you wouldn’t pass. Everyone would know you’re a man.” “Do you want me to pass? Bet I could if I put some effort into it.” “Maybe you could,” said Arthur, “but I don’t want you to. I want you the way you are. I don’t want to pretend.” He shifted his head to kiss Llewyn’s bare shoulder. “Is wearing the dress pretending?” Llewyn asked. “No. Hell no. I love the dress. I love you in the dress.” Arthur trailed kisses up the side of his neck. “And the garter, and the stockings, and the shoes. And the lipstick, Jesus Christ. But I love seeing you as a man in them, because you are a man. You’re a man, and you’re my wife, and I love you.” “Okay,” said Llewyn. “I’ll put the dress back on in the morning, and I’ll wear it while I fuck you. Because you’re my husband. And I love you.” Arthur closed his eyes. After a moment, Llewyn muttered, “I have more panties. Want me to wear those when we go out? Under my clothes?” “Fuck yes,” said Arthur. -- chapter end Chapter 8 : Drabbles Notes: I wrote this drabble set to go on the profiles for my Subeta pets based on Llewyn and Al. This is as good a place to post them as any. He’d meowed at the cat. Al Cody had meowed at a cat . That, and the way he laughed and how he sang and the cowboy hat he always wore, made Al the biggest loser Llewyn had ever met. Even he wants to get rid of me , Llewyn thought as he poured milk for the cat from Al’s refrigerator. Llewyn didn’t want to leave. He liked Al, a lot, even though Al was strange and Llewyn affected disdain for him. But liking someone always made Llewyn’s life a little crazier, so Llewyn had to get away from Al as soon as possible. He’d meowed at the cat. Al Cody had meowed at a cat . In front of Llewyn Davis. Who probably thought Al was the biggest loser he’d ever met. Al leaned over his mother’s car, bracing himself on his hands as the February cold of the metal rose up into his palms. It wasn’t just the meowing. It was Al’s laugh, too, the way he dressed and how he sang. Everything about Al was exactly what Llewyn must despise. And everything about Llewyn was exactly what made Al crazy, so Al had to get rid of Llewyn as soon as possible. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Allewyn series Next Work → Works inspired by this one: Naughty and Nice by Tenukii