Finn Once upon a time there was a young boy named Finn and young girl named Rey. These two were the best of friends. Together they would explore the woods and scavenge for rare items in their free time. The kingdom thought the pair odd, but nonetheless both were beautiful in body and soul. While Rey had been busy at work one day, Finn had decided to venture into the far reaches of the woods. He had never travelled this far before and soon enough he found himself walking along an old beaten down stone path. Curiosity took over him as he started making his way down the grey stones. Above him were dark towering trees. He started feeling a little uneasy. The daylight had almost vanished from his sight the leaves were that dense. Just ahead of him he could see a large grey stone wall and a rusty old gate, he quickened up his pace to get a better look at what lay ahead. It was an impressive structure and most definitely intimidating. He quickly found out that the wall was surrounding an even grander piece of architecture. It was the old abandoned castle. No wonder he couldn’t see it before through the thickness of the trees. Rey had often told him to stay away from the castle and made sure when they ventured out into the woods they were as far away from it as possible. Nobody really knew what lived inside of this castle, only the rumours of a hideous creature. Finn wanted to see for himself. As far as he was aware the castle had been empty ever since the young prince had been kidnapped as a new born babe seventeen years ago. Approaching the gate he noticed it was unlocked. Reaching a hand out, he unhooked the latch and made his way inside the castle grounds. The building was stunning. He couldn’t quite believe what he was seeing. It was beautiful, and yet… sad. All signs of life had been stripped from the castles walls. What should have been a place filled with joy, laughter and love was now just… bare and hollow. It gave Finn the chills as he walked towards the grand entrance. Placing his palms flat against the beaten oak Finn entered the castle and found himself lost in paradise. Granted there were cobwebs everywhere but inside the building all he could see were hundreds of wondrous ancient relics. He knew Rey would just adore these and couldn’t understand why she refused to explore here. So far the rumours were had proven false, he could see no beast, only artefacts. The further into the castle he went the less and less he wanted to leave. He had found himself in what he assumed was the great hall. It was a vast room, a beautiful crystal chandelier was hanging from the ceiling and but that wasn’t the only thing that caught his attention. At the end of the room was a large painting of a family of three. It had a smiling man and woman, and in the woman’s arms was a tiny baby with large brown doe eyes and a full head of jet black curls. Looking at the child Finn wondered if this was the little prince who had vanished. He wondered what had happened to the family. There were rumours that the king and queen had died, or out of grief had abdicated disappearing from the public eye almost instantaneously. He was only a baby himself at the time when the prince was taken. Before his mother had died she often spoke of their royal family. The queen was fair and one of the most beautiful women to grace the kingdom and the king quite a rebel in the public’s eyes. He was not your typical king so his mother said. He was a good man, he acted like any other person. Being a royal was not in his blood, not like his wife’s. And when the little prince was born the whole kingdom was in celebration. His mother claimed the princeling was one of the most beautiful babies she had ever seen, but she wasn’t surprised with such good looking parents. And the day he was kidnapped, it was as though a dark cloud fell over the kingdom. The world got quieter and sadder. From what Finn could guess, the castle he was in never lost that sombre feeling but the kingdom managed to move on somehow. The prince was gone, but he most certainly wasn’t forgotten. After what had felt like hours, Finn had decided it was probably time for him to leave. He slowly made his way back through the castle and into the gardens. Just as he was about to leave he noticed something out of the ordinary. It was a rose bush. Everything around him was old and decrepit. The garden was overgrown and all the plants were a sickly yellow. Everything around him was either dead or dying. All except for this rose bush. The leaves were a vibrant green and the flowers themselves a blinding white. Finn could barely contain his excitement. Glaring at the rose he knew he had to take one back for Rey for their mantelpiece. He pulled out a small pocket knife and went at the stem of the most beautiful rose he could find. The moment the flower had detached itself from the bush Finn smiled happily at it and turned around. Standing behind him was a hideous creature that towered well over him. The boy didn’t know if he wanted to run or face the creature. He didn’t have enough time to think, the creature grabbed him and dragged him away from the gardens and inside the castle. Finn struggled against the giant beast but he was not strong enough to fight back. He had been led up the grand staircase and brought to a study. The first thing he noticed about this room was the roaring fire in the fireplace. A large red velvet armchair was positioned directly in front of it and a man was slumped in said chair. His arm dangled over the side of it, fingers clasped around the rim of a half empty whiskey glass. He pulled his arm up, taking a swig of the golden liquid before returning it to its original position. “What makes you think you can come here and steal from me?” Finn struggled for form a sentence, he managed to make noises but they were simply sputtering’s of words. He watched as the man took another drink again emptying the glass. He swiftly stood up from his chair and turned to face the intruder. Finn immediately recognised the man. He was the one in the painting from downstairs. The old king. “Sir, I am very sorry, please, I will give you your things back, if you could just let me go, we can forget all this ever happened.” The king waved his hand dismissively. “I don’t care about the relics you stole. Keep ‘em. But you dare think you can steal from my rose bush. You got another thing coming.” Finn hadn’t realised the rose was still in his fist. His hand had been wrapped so tightly around its stem in fear and it was then when he noticed small droplets of blood seeping through his fingers from the thorns. The boy held his hand out offering the rose back. “Here, you can have it back.” The man scoffed and walked over to his cabinet for another drink. “And what would be the point in that? You can’t reattach it!” Finn felt almost stupid for offering it back. What did he expect the man to do with a detached rose? “I’m very sorry, I just thought… I got it for my friend Rey… I thought she…” The man held up a hand. “Save your breath. You leave me no choice. Chewie, get the kid out of my sight.” The hairy beast pulled Finn out of the room and dragged him further up the stairs. He knew full well the creature was not about to let him go. They weren’t even heading for the exit. The creature had brought Finn to the top of the stairs where three rooms resided. All had wooden doors with bars on them. He had been brought to the castle prison. The beast threw him inside one of the cells and locked the door. He was trapped and alone. Fear filtered through his veins. He wanted Rey to tell him everything was alright. But Rey wasn’t here… she would never be here… All this for a rose. Notes: Please let me know what you think :) Kudos, comments, critical feedback, all are welcome :) Please let me know if I miss any important tags above And I shall see you in the next chapter :) Bye Bye!! Xxx