Hey Little Monster Hey Little Monster She sees him once, twice, sometimes three times a day. Once a day in her History class, where his eyes try and catch hers once, twice, a hundred, a thousand times throughout the lecture. Her heart races and she ducks her head, focuses on the assignment, asks the person next to her a question. Anything she can to plausibly look away from the weight of his gaze. She can feel it on her, as if he's staring holes through her soul and reading the pages of her mind. She knows the other students can see it, knows that they whisper behind her back that she's fucking the professor for good grades. She can't seem to work herself up enough embarrassment to care. It's not true anyways, will never be true. She can't afford to have an affair with her professor. Especially not one with such deep chocolate eyes, such a sensual mouth, such a weighty, intelligent gaze. No, it could never happen, Nonetheless, every time he calls her after class to speak, gives her a hundred percent on a test she'd earned only ninety on, or singles her out in front of her peers…she feels special. Not always in a good way—but still, special, wanted. She'd grown up so un-special and unwanted, so put down, that any sort of attention makes her feel warm. But it can never happen. And not just because he is her professor. The second time she sees him each day is in the club she frequents with her best friends. It's a student hang out, and not really marketed towards professors, which made Rey question his presence the first couple of times. She hadn't even been sure it was actually him at first; he always sat in the furthest corner away from everyone, wore a hoodie that obscured half his face, and kept the other half perpetually buried in a book. But then, once in a long while, he would look up. His dark eyes would pierce hers with such precision that she was sure he'd had his eye on her the entire time. He would stare at her for an eternity. And without fail, after he spotted her and stopped her heart with his eyes, he would stand up, shoulder a ratty backpack, and leave the establishment. He never gave any inclination he'd recognized her during class, and Rey decided she would follow suit. The third time in a day when she saw him sometimes, she wasn't completely sure that she was hallucinating him. Each night after all of her classes let out, Rey starts running. She runs and runs and runs until she doesn't know where she is. Only when she is sweaty and tired and has a bone-deep exhaustion does she take out her phone, start up the GPS and find her way back to the hellhole she calls home. And once or twice when she looks back, she thinks she's being followed. It might be the fact that the slap of sneakers on pavement is too loud for one person, or it might be that weighty feel she gets on her back when one person in particular is looking at her. And sometimes, when she's looking both ways to cross the road, she thinks she catches a glimpse of him in that damned hoodie, keep pace at thirty feet. There's a secret entrance in the alleyway, one which you'd only be able to spot if you had been told where it is. Rey goes to it now, shuddering as she definitely hears a second echo of footsteps. She shrugs it off and continues on her way—they sound too far away to clearly see where she is going, they won't catch her now. They won't risk her turning around and catching them. She knows, instinctively, they will not risk her finding them out. So she slips through the hidden door, utterly unnoticed, and leans her back against a wall to catch her breath. She can feel their presence on the other side of the wall, can feel their frustration and their questions and the weight of their want. But she can do nothing about it. She can't open the door, can't speak, can't even breath until they're walking away. Only when she is sure that they are gone does she start moving. She changes her clothes and washes her body, make-ups her face and straps on clean sneakers. She tips back one, two, three illegal drinks, then makes her way into the main room. The inside is dim and musty, smelling of stale beer and stale breath and stale sweat. It hurts her lungs for the first hour, but then she stops noticing it so much. Her eyes water at the smoke, and at the hands that grope her now and again that she can do nothing about without getting a worse punishment later. She finds Unkar, presses a wad of cash and assorted jewlery into his greasy warm hand, smiles insincerely at her foster father, and waits as he counts the bills. The room is starting to crowd, and around Unkar is where the patrons are at their boldest, for Rey can do nothing but grin and bear it. She can't outwardly oppose the touches and kisses and greasy smiles, suggestive whispers, glazed eyes. Unkar would have her ass for assaulting paying customers. Finally Unkar is finished counting, and he stuffs the wad into his stained jeans. "One box," he says, and she balks. She'd pick pocketed nearly fifty dollars worth of jewelry, and twenty-five dollars cash. "Three pills." "A week ago I would've gotten three boxes and seven pills," she dares to hiss. Unkar only laughs, but his watery grey eyes flash a warning. "And today, you get one. Take it or leave it, my girl," the slimy dealer said. His eyes slide around her, to his customers who are pawing her body. "We could always discuss other… methods of payment." Rey grits her teeth, but nods begrudgingly and goes to the kitchen to grab a box of macaroni and three multi-vitamins. She stomps back to Unkar, proves what she's taken, and allows one of his cronies to pat her down, ascertaining that she's taken no more. Once he is satisfied, Unkar dismisses her, and she is escorted back onto the street. She takes in a breath of clean air, closes her eyes, and counts backwards from ten. Anything to stop the pounding of her heart, the shortness of her breath, the tears that threaten to spill. As she waits, she listens, and she hears something. She feels something. And she knows. They have waited, whoever it is that followed her, and now they know. He waits. He waits for one, two, three hours, pacing back and forth across the alley, ducking behind a garbage can whenever he thinks someone's coming. He waits and he breathes and he knows that she comes back out, because he sees her come out of her dorm room each morning so she must return. He knows she comes back out, he just doesn't know when. But he will find out. Tonight. He waits, and he waits, and finally his waiting pays off, because after the fourth hour passes he hears someone come through the hidden door which hides behind a dumpster and sigh and he knows that sigh. He knows her sigh. From his vantage point and cloaked in black, he knows that he can see her and she can't see him unless he moves. But she knows he's there. He knows she does. She's clutching something small in her left hand, and a box of macaroni in her right. Is this where she gets her food? Why doesn't she buy it at the university? Questions for later. Now, he needs to see her home safely, and then return to see why she gets her food and bruises and cuts here. He will return and find out why she runs, find out how he can get her to stop running away and start running to him. Chapter 2 : I've Got my Eye On You I've Got My Eye on You His eyes try and catch hers once, twice, a hundred, a thousand times throughout the lecture. His nearly black to her nearly brown, his burgeoning interest to her blissful ignorance. The other students see it, perhaps, but if they do they say nothing about it. She's been in his class for three weeks, has been the perfect student, getting perfect grades and turning in every assignment on time. She pretends not to see the hunger in his gaze, the way his eyes rake along her body, how he grades her papers a little too leniently and asks her to his office a little too frequently. He loves the way her cheeks deepen by three shades of red when she catches him watching her. He loves the way she ducks her head and tries distracting her, tries to distract herself from his gaze, peeking up only to glance furtively back at her papers, her blush deepening another shade. He loves her eyes, their honey depths with just the slightest hint of a dark green. Maybe he's fallen too far too fast. It's only been a few weeks, and yet he can’t imagine not having her in his presence at least once a day. It all started a few weeks into the new school year. Ben was walking to his first lecture when he noticed a small student being harassed by a group of much larger frat brothers. As a professor it was his responsibility to help a student in need. Even if he weren't a professor, he still hated seeing kids get picked on—it brought back memories of overlarge ears and awkward smiles, and the physical fights that were a direct result. As such, Ben had a soft spot for the underdog. Not one moment later, it became clear that he'd misjudged who the underdog was in the group though. The girl's fist shot out, swift as lightning, and landed a solid blow in the main harasser's gut. He doubled over as his 'friends' howled with laughter, and cheered the girl on as she walked away, pony tail swinging and books safe in her grasp. Ben was intrigued. He'd have to keep his eye on this one. That afternoon, he'd realized that the girl was in his history class. His heart had plummeted a bit, he's not ashamed to admit it. Not that he was able to take interest in any student at the university, but this one in particular was off limits especially. She was pretty—beautiful, really—though rather on the skinny side. She had dark circles under her eyes, was clearly exhausted beyond normal levels. And yet she spoke up in class, came up with witty retorts on spot, and would not let herself be bullied into giving up whatever point she was trying to make, no matter how much any other student tried to refute her. She was resolute, a shining beacon of light in a class of uninterested freshmen. It was such a low level class, no one was in it for a degree requirement, only a last-minute elective class. An easy A. She did not take his class for granted. She became a model student, excelling—more than anyone else, at least, and he could be lenient with a few extra points if she was so passionate, couldn't he?—far beyond what was required. So, yes, maybe he called her to his office a few times more than necessary. Could he be blamed for enjoying her discussions? And his eyes may linger on her for longer than polite, but she was gorgeous. Surely she was used to it. There came a time, however, when Ben had to give up the ghost—he was not just intrigued. He had fallen, hard, and there may never be a return from such a height. Ben was enthralled. Chapter 3 : Where Are You Going Where are You Going He wishes he was an English major. He should have ignored his family's persuading, should have followed his passion when he'd had the chance. He'd gotten so good at ignoring the people who mattered to him as of late, he just wishes that he could have had that ability earlier in life. Then, perhaps, the incident with Jessica would not have ended so poorly. You have so much talent, they had said. No one will hire an English major these days. Every university spits out a thousand English students, no one will see you, even with your family name. You can't ruin this family's name. He'd been young then. Bright eyed, curious, and eager to please. Eager to show the world that he wasn't just some like-minded wannabe author, not just some overly emotional teen who wrote poetry about ink and blood and the way the light drips from his eyes as he walks to school. He wanted to show them all that he didn't just throw up whatever words rhymed with hate and anger and tears and knives in your eyes. He would have, too. He would have shown them all. He wishes he was an English major because he can't draw for shit and he needs needs needs to put on paper the way her eyes reflect a thousand different flavors of brown, each sweeter, more beautiful, than the last. Every kind of light imaginable plays with the shadows on her face, plays with the color of her iris. He wants to write down how, in the morning when red still rims her eyes and her lips droop every few seconds before flying open, the morning sun catches the darkest flecks of green in her gaze, highlighted by amber. And in the bright fluorescents which pale her skin and cast shadows on her collarbones, he is privy to the most decadent gaze of orange blossom honey. He wants to write ballads about the way the syrupy orange evening light creates an array of gold in her irises, the likes of which would make any pirate or king swoon with lust. He wants to write about how he feels like both pirate and king, stealing glances she'd not give otherwise and locking them away where they'll be safe for his eyes only. His eyes, so hollow, so sad before he'd met her, before he'd had the opportunity to lay worship to her holiness. Yes, he wishes that he had been a poet, so he could show her what he sees in a way that would catch her breath and her heart and leave her gasping and seeing a thousand different shades of brown in his eyes, feeling both pirate and princess as she steals a gaze he'd freely give. He wants her to yearn for his eyes, for the way they'll fall shut when their lips finally touch, how they'll widen when she claims her love. Just as he yearns to see how her eyes behave, how they dance with light when he's barred his soul for her gaze and her gaze only. He wishes he were a poet, so he could whisper sonnets into her mouth, kiss songs across her cheeks, tickle a thousand verses down her breast, and taste the scripture hidden in the sweat that beads on her skin while she cries his name. If he had only followed his gut, it surely would have lead him on the path to her heart. Instead, he had listened to his family. And now he is forced to keep these feelings bottled tight inside him, afraid to let even the smallest whisper of interest out lest he frighten her away, scare her with the ardent adoration he's yet to prepare her for. Perhaps he could have sang at her balcony and proclaimed her beauty a rival to the sun's, drawing her from her abusive household instead of acting as he does now. Perhaps she wouldn't have run. Perhaps she would have leapt into his waiting arms, and he would have carried her far away from the now-broken body which had belonged to Unkar Plutt. And maybe, in some distant universe, some parallel world, all of this did happen. Maybe some version of him and some version of her are currently making love in the landscape of a forgotten city, their eyes only for one another, their voices just loud enough to be heard over the beating of their hearts. But in this reality, it was not meant to be. He will have to settle for this life, and settle for making her safe enough to be open to his adorations. So, after taking snapshots of his work, he leaves the building unmolested and heads to her home. He writes her a small note, nothing at all like the poetry and sonnets and epics he wishes he could caress across her skin. Nonetheless, he hopes she likes his work. Chapter 4 : Where Are You Running To? Where are You Running to? She sees the envelope as soon as she enters her dorm room. It's white, addressed only to 'Rey' in a flowing cursive that she doesn't quite recognize. Frowning, she supposes that she'll ask one of her roommates when it was slipped under the door—if she sees any of them in the next week, that is. One is a hermit who never leaves her room, another is always at her boyfriend's place, and the third...well, Rey has never actually met the third. She throws her backpack into the kitchen and flops down on her bed in the room she shares with Jessica, who's never around. She flips onto her stomach and carelessly rips open the envelope. She pulls out a slip of paper along with three pieces of photo-paper which have been turned over. Thinking it to be some sort of exuberant ad, she starts to read the note with only a small bit of annoyance. What she reads causes a ball of confusion and dread to unfurl itself in her stomach. She doesn't understand why; the note is quite simple, if unnerving. 'Don't worry my darling, you're safe now, and we will come together soon. It's all okay - KR' Her forehead scrunches, and she moves to grab the picture. The scream that follows is so piercing, so blood-curdling and heart-wrenching and so downright mad enough that it coaxes even the hermit out of her room. Because in the photo, there is one barely identifiable subject. Bruises mar his pasty flesh, dark violet and new. There is the imprint of a chain around his neck, pulled with enough pressure to terrify and hurt but not to kill. Blood has pooled around his back, fresh and uncongealed, interspersed with the guts that had been mutilated along with the man's spine- he had been chopped in half. Both ears were missing, nowhere visible in the frame, and his mouth was gagged. It was only the eyes, glassy and vacant with a frozen expression of unimaginable horror, incomprehensible pain. Those glassy, watery eyes, belonged to none other than Rey's foster father Unkar Plutt. Chapter 5 : Hey Little Monster Hey Little Monster "It's okay, it's okay, it's okay." Rey is in shock. Her fingertips are numb and her breathing is shallow and she can smell everything from the musk of Finn's cologne to the engine grease lingering underneath the beds of her nails. But when she closes her eyes, every sense dims until all she can see is Plutt's anguished stare and mangled corpse and wonder why. Why the hell would someone do this? "It's okay, it's okay, it's okay." You're safe now . What does it mean? Who the hell thinks that killing Unkar Plutt will make her safe? No one knows about Rey's foster father, no one has ever cared. "It's okay, it's okay, it's o—" " Finn , would you shut the hell up?" Rey can't keep back the bite to her words, which makes a small coil of guilt tighten in her stomach. It isn't his fault she is so on edge, he is only trying to help. But his mantra echoes the note a bit too closely for Rey to take any comfort in it. Finn does as he is asked, increasing his shoulder-rubbing and hugging by twofold. "He was so mangled ," she whispers into Finn's neck. "Who would do that to a person?" Even a person as horrible as Unkar Plutt. Finn only shakes his head. "I don't know, Rey-Bean." Poe answers her from where he stands in the kitchen, finishing up a pot of chicken noodle soup. Rey doesn't think she can even stomach the idea of macaroni and cheese at the moment. "There are some major psycho's out there." Yeah . And apparently one major psycho thinks they should be doing me 'favors'. Rey closes her eyes and breathes out slowly, trying to calm herself, to erase the images that are burned onto the backs of her eyelids. It has been two weeks since the envelope arrived, and Rey has been staying at Finn and Poe's place, just a ten minute walk from campus. Her roommates couldn't handle her late-night scream sessions, which happened each night upon waking from nightmares featuring dismembered ears and halved Unkar Plutt bodies, waddling closer and closer until Rey could swear she smelled the iron in their blood, the stench of their sweat. So now she stays with her two best friends, who don't deserve to have a lunatic saddled along with them. They've been stuck with Rey for the past decade, they didn't deserve to have her living with them in their quaint little cottage, mucking up a perfect happily ever after. But she didn't have anywhere else to go. Chapter 6 : You Know It's All Okay You Know it's All Okay This was not a part of his plan. He'd never intended to scare her into sleeping at another man's house, let alone the cramped cottage of two men. He knew who they were, of course—he knew everything about Rey. When his obsession began, he'd learned all there was to learn about his love. She'd been in the foster system since the age of six, bouncing around from house to house until finally settling in with that vermin when she was eight. For reasons unknown, her caseworker had ignored all her complaints, feelings of uneasiness, and bruises. He may very well have to pay that vile woman a visit, too. There were sparse details on her social media page; one picture, two friends, and three interest groups. She was a private person. He liked that—it was a challenge, and it made him feel safe that once they were together she would be interested in him and him alone. Her favorite food had seemed to be macaroni and cheese, but he'd done away with that information when he found out what her food situation was exactly , and had begun to amend his observations. Instead, he had found that she likes fruit and sweet things, along with chicken noodle soup and any kind of pizza. An unrefined palate, something that he'd eventually have to work on. —He stocked his kitchen up with her favorite foods nonetheless— The two people she is staying with are her best friends, the only two friends on her social media account. Finn Trooper and Poe Dameron. He doesn't feel threatened by either of them—rather, he knows that if he wants to be in Rey's life amicably, he will have to accept her friends. For now, at least. No, it's not the friends that he finds issue with. Rather, it’s the length of time she's spent with them. While she's been sequestered within their four walls, he has hardly seen hide or hair of her. She hardly goes to class, she doesn't go running—though at this he feels a surge of pride, for he has gotten rid of that problem for her, and no doubt underneath the fear there is a gratefulness she'll be eager to repay when she finds out—and she doesn't go to that stupid club she seems to enjoy so much. He needs to do something, something that will draw his bird out of her nest, out into the open where he can swoop in and snatch her up, his to keep. After all, he wants Rey to be happy above all else. And he knows that she is never so happy as when she is tinkering with her gadgets or working out difficult physics equations. Soon, he will be a part of her happiest moments. And as much as he wants to be the sole reason for her happiness, he also realizes that she will have to make the decision on her own to give up her pursuits and become his entirely. So he must get her back to her classes, back to her club, back to him. And he knows just what to do. Chapter 7 : I'm Gonna Love You I'm Gonna Love You Rey was just walking up to the house when she smelled the smoke. It was just the hint of something burning. Maybe Finn got home from school early and was making toast, or someone dropped a cigarette nearby. Rey shouldered her bag and hopped up the steps, her eyes narrowing on a slip of paper that was taped to the door. She was expecting something from Finn or Poe, maybe a note saying that they were going out, or that they had guests over and she could make herself scarce if she didn't want to interact with people. Instead, she was greeted with an articulated hand. 'You always have a place in my home, but I'd rather you leave theirs —KR' And just as soon as she read those words, an explosion sounded, throwing Rey backwards onto the grass. Shrapnel cut into her exposed skin, the grass burned at her legs, her wrist bent backwards painfully. For a few seconds, her vision went dark as her head banged against the ground. When she opened her eyes, it was to a growing inferno. Everything was burning, burning, burning. The smell of smoke hung in the air, thick and oppressive and terrible. It clogged up her throat until she was hacking and coughing and spitting, trying to get a breath of fresh air. But then… " Finn! " Rey blinked her eyes wide, trying to clear them of dust, and was just about to run inside the burning building to find if Finn and Poe were home when she was roughly grabbed from behind. "I'm here, Rey," came Finn's voice. In a blink, he and Poe were standing next to her, watching as their beautiful home went up in flames. "I'm here," he repeated. She couldn't go back to the dorms, not with a psychopath watching her. It was too dangerous for her friends for Rey to stay with them—not that they would have any room for her now that their beautiful home was in flames. As she stood before the smoldering remains of their home, watched as the firefighters talked to Finn and Poe, Rey realized that there was nowhere for her to turn. She'd long abandoned the hope that her true family would come searching for her, Unkar was the only 'family' she'd had, and now he was dead. Rey's lungs started tightening. Her throat felt as if it was swelling, her hands were vibrating, she couldn't feel her feet from the pinpricking sensation. Her breath came in short gasps. She turned on her heel and fled the scene. Her feet carried her swiftly from the scene of the arson, and soon the only sounds she could hear were the slap of her feet on the concrete and the swoosh of her hair as it rubbed against her shirt Before long, she was in an unfamiliar part of town, with unfamiliar buildings and seedy-looking establishments. It was rare that Rey saw a neighborhood that was dingier than Unkar's, but this one took the cake. She didn’t know how long she'd been running—at least an hour, probably more. She was drenched with sweat, so she must have run at least seven miles. Maybe even eight, since her vision would only start to get blurry—like it currently was—when she'd run eight miles without any hydration. Her head was pounding with a headache, but it was worth it, because while she'd been running, she'd been free. But the panic came back as if it had never been gone, because Rey forgot one of the most important aspects of her midnight runs—her cell phone. And now, she was stranded in the seediest part of her college town without GPS, or even a phone to call—well, just the GPS. "Need some help?" Came a roguish voice from behind her. Rey whirled around—she recognized that voice from her childhood's earliest memories. Sure enough, she was greeted by the sight of two tall men striding towards her. She hadn't seen either of them since before she could write, had seen neither hide nor tail of either man since before her parents left her. But when it came to Han and Chewbacca Solo, even after not seeing them for more than a decade, she knew she could count on them to help. With a sigh, Rey let out a small smile that she didn’t deserve, and let herself collapse onto the sidewalk. Chapter 8 : No Matter What You Say No Matter What You Say Jessica had been so bright, so beautiful, so full of life. She had been nothing compared to what Rey is. But at the young age of seventeen, just a little younger than Rey was now, he had thought that Jessica was the one. He'd been wrong. So very, very wrong. Some of his ardent affection for the girl had undoubtedly been a side-effect of his family's influence. They'd all loved her—not, of course, as much as they'll love Rey, if he ever thinks them worthy enough to meet her(officially, as his… his Not that he really has a choice to sequester her from them now, and it's his own fault). Jessica was the daughter his parents had always wanted; talented, beautiful, politically inclined but with a pure heart and a sincere smile. She was so good for him, they'd said. She'd keep him on the straight and narrow, keep him away from the thugs he'd called friends. It wasn't her fault, not really, that she'd had to die. But the chips fell where they did, and Jessica's life had to be ended. That's why Rey is so much better . He'd fallen for her without his family's influence, without their words and watching eyes and listening ears. He'd fallen for her bravery, for her resilience, for the way her hair danced with her hips in the dim lighting of her favorite club. He'd fallen for the way her eyes sparkled when she learned something new, or figured out a stubborn physics problem. He'd fallen in love with everything that was Rey, and he would never hurt her like he was forced to hurt Jessica. But now, he was furious—with Han, with Leia, with himself . Because now his beautiful, sweet, innocent Rey was in the wolf's den, being tended to by Leia Organa herself. His mother. It was his own fault, he supposed. His own fault that he'd miscalculated the amount of force the explosion would exert, sending Rey flying across the grass. His own fault for not following her closely enough after she'd started running, leaving that opening for his father to swoop in and snatch her. His own damn fault that his beautiful Rey was now lying in his childhood bed, banged and bandaged up and sporting ice packs and wraps all over her beautiful body. And so he left through the window before anyone knew he was there, lest they connect the dots between what Rey is and what Jessica was. Chapter 9 : I've Got Love On my Fingers I've Got Love on my Fingers Ben was going insane with her upstairs, sleeping in his childhood bedroom. His student, his Rey, all banged up and in pain. She'd run and run and run, and by some miracle Han Solo had come across her, had picked her up, had taken her home. "Tell me again that you're not shining on this girl," came a gruff voice from the kitchen. Ben did not dignify this with a response. He was too worried to even glare at the man. Damn it, he wouldn't even be here if it weren't for Rey. He wasn't upset with her by any means—it wasn't her fault, god was it not her fault, that she'd been caught at the bad end of an explosion. But damn it all if he couldn't hold on to this little bit of resentment for the fact that after years of not speaking to his father, he was dragged right back in. Rey woke up and, with a panicked yelp, sat up too quickly and knocked herself on the bottom of the top bunk of a bunk bed. Groaning, she turned to her side to roll out of the bed—and fell to the floor, not expecting the bed to end so abruptly. "Rey, are you okay?" Professor Solo asked, bursting into the room far more quickly than anyone had any right to while Rey was feeling so sluggish. For half a second, Rey was confused. She had so many questions—why was Professor Solo in her room, how did he get here, why did her room have posters of old bands on the walls, and where the hell was the smell of pancakes coming from. Then she remembered all that had happened, and horror washed over her once more. The explosion, the fire, Finn and Poe's house—it all came rushing back to her in a blur of images, Finn's tear-streaked face, Poe's devastation, the note the note the note You always have a place in my home, but I'd rather you leave theirs KR Rey couldn't get enough air—her lungs were too small, body to big for the amount of oxygen she needed to process the situation she was in. The situation she had inadvertently dragged Finn and Poe in, was currently dragging Ben Solo and Han Solo in and holy shit Ben fucking Solo and Han fucking Solo are related . It was all too much for Rey to process. It was all happening at once and Rey was fucking terrified that she'd dragged her stalker— holy fuck she had a stalker —into her childhood idol's home. Taking a deep breath, Rey closed her eyes. She wouldn't cry. She would not cry in front of her professor. She would not cry because when the going got tough, Rey always got going. So when Rey took a deep breath, instead of letting loose the floodgates, she opened her eyes and met Professor Solo's worried gaze, and she told him what she needed. Chapter 10 : Lust on my Tongue Lust on my Tongue He's holding my hand . It was innocuous, inconsequential, really. There were so many more important things that should have been on Rey's mind. She shouldn't be so focused on his long fingers laced through hers, how his palm was warm and rough and made her hand feel so small and secure. Honestly, he was her professor . This should be the last thing on her mind. But there it was. It wasn't as if he needed to, either. Sure, she could understand him leading her by the hand from his car to the station, but they'd been sitting for twenty minutes now, and he'd yet to let go of her. It was surprisingly comforting, even if it was fucking weird that he was her professor and so much older. But at the same time, it wasn't weird at all. He was the son of Han Solo, he helped her reorient herself after she'd woken up in his childhood bedroom. He'd fed her pancakes and had helped her collect her thoughts and formulate a plan, and his dark brown eyes hadn't left her face in hours. He was so attentive and kind, and despite the circumstances Rey felt a swell of warmth for him in her stomach, felt a stirring of something in her heart. "Miss Kenobi?" Rey stood up quickly, jolted from her thoughts. This was it. It was time. Ben's hand never left hers as she stood up and made her way towards the officer who'd called her name. It was a kindly looking woman who had laugh lines framing her eyes and lips, warm hazel eyes and a keen gaze. "Just Miss Kenobi, please," the officer asked when Ben made to follow them down the hall. Ben gave Rey a questioning look, managing to communicate so many things in just one glance. Rey smiled, and forced herself to let go of his hand. She could do this on her own. She'd done so many things in her life alone, and while it was certainly nice to have someone holding her hand, it wasn't necessary. She was strong. She was independent. Even when she felt that she was anything but. "Please have a seat, Miss Kenobi," said the officer with a gesture to a hard-backed chair across from where she was currently seated. Rey took note of the expensive looking ring she wore on her finger; simple, but elegantly inlaid with rubies and emeralds. What followed was an excruciating hour of describing everything that had happened—in detail—in the weeks following Unkar Plutt's murder. But when she was finished, Rey felt as if there was a weight that had been lifted off of her chest. She felt more relaxed, sure that the matter was out of her hands and that the police would take care of it. They made every assurance that they would look into this before ushering her back into the waiting room, where Ben was pacing. "Rey!" Ben exclaimed, and rushed to her side. Rey smiled—she smiled at him, and it was a forced smile. And she didn't know what she was about to do until she did it and it felt so right to lean forward and give her professor a warm hug and it felt even better to have his arms go up around her and tuck her close because she fit so perfectly pressed against him . And when he escorted her back to his car, he made sure that she was buckled up and the heating was on and the radio was on her favorite station before asking her to give him a minute, he forgot something inside. Rey watched him hurry back into the station, a smile still lighting her features. This was great. No, this was perfect. The best thing that ever could have happened. He hadn't planned for the outcome of his Rey getting hurt, hadn't expected the little explosion to be enough to throw her off her feet— he was stupid stupid stupid, he didn't deserve her, she was too good, he hurt her— but he could only rejoice that it had worked out this way. He hadn't known it, but this was exactly what he'd needed to work out all of the nasty kinks in his plans for her, for them and their future together. He ran his hands over the piece of paper that had his latest note. Handwritten, again. He knew it was stupid, idiotic of him, to keep using his own pen instead of typing it out. She'd recognize the writing any day, would start getting suspicious, would start questioning things. His Rey was smart, too smart for her own good. But he couldn't help it. There was something so satisfactory that it was his penmanship she was reading. He drew much satisfaction from the fact that the same ink that was bleeding through his pen would make its way to her fingertips, would touch her eyes, would touch her heart. Maybe next time he would print it out, but this one…this one was too important not to dictate in his script. He so wished he could be there when she read his words. Alas, it would be too suspicious, would create more problems if she saw him or had enough time to connect dots that did not need to be connected. With a gentle hand, he folded the note in half twice, penned her name on the front, and stuck it slantwise against the box and underneath his gift, careful not to jostle it too much so as not to disrupt the presentation. After sealing the box, he gently kissed the cardboard, and placed it where Rey was sure to find it. Now he just needed to figure out what to do with the rest of the body. Chapter 11 : You Say You Got Nothing You Say You Got Nothing When Rey was six years old, she had had a family. She'd had a mother and a father, grandparents, the whole shebang. She had thought that they loved her, thought that they would always be there for her and would always cherish her. This is what every child in a loving household thinks, of course. No kid thinks that they will end up dumped in some shabby foster home to be picked up by a sleazy foster parent who was only interested in the checks he would get and not the kid he was fostering. Rey has precious few memories of her early childhood. She remembers her mother singing, though not the song. She remembers her father hoisting her up on her shoulders and running through the house with her, squealing and giggling and filled with joy. And she remembers visiting her grandparent's house, where she was spoiled rotten with candies and toys and all the electronics she could get her hands on and rewire. She also remembers Han Solo, though she didn't realize that she remembered him until he showed up again in her life fourteen years later on some dim street in the middle of a bad neighborhood. Han Solo was, of course, the man who helped her to rewire the remote control so that whenever her grandfather tried to change the channel the buttons would be switched. He had a gigantic presence in her mind, now that she could recall him, and in her youth had been larger than life. Rey thought she could maybe remember him working for her grandfather, or maybe with him, though she couldn't put a name to what they did. She remember her grandfather calling him a scoundrel, and her grandmother giving a full-bodied laugh at that. She remembered sitting on his lap while he showed her how to work a stick shift, remembered him letting her turn the steering wheel on her seventh birthday. And then she remembered him disappearing as surely as the rest of her family did, only a few months before her parents and grandparents died in a car crash in which they were hit by a teenaged couple, where only one person walked away alive. Rey remembers her first few days of living with Unkar Plutt, hoping against reason that Han Solo would show up and be her savior, adopting her and bringing her home to his wonderful wife who was always telling her about. That hope had long since died, and she had long since forgotten any Han Solo, until the moment she heard his voice again and all the memories came flooding back. Chapter 12 : So Come Out and Get Some So Come Out and Get Some Rey watched Ben out of the corner of her eye as he drove them to Rey's dorm. He clearly had something on his mind. What it was though, Rey wasn't sure. She wanted to distract him. She wanted to distract herself. It was this dual desire that had her brain whirring, had her imagining things that her brain and her heart had no business imagining. He was her professor, he was ten years older than her, her best friend's house had just been bombed. There was a litany of reasons why her mind should have been anywhere else but where it was. And yet. And yet when Ben helped her out of his car and together they walked towards her dorm, there was only one thing on her mind. The way his hand had felt in hers. The way his eyes had followed her, even when she was out of his sight. The way his jacket had smelled when he'd wrapped it around her shoulders, the flare of heat they'd held in them when he saw her wearing it. And so kissing him was only the most logical thing in the world to do when Ben turned towards her as they made their way to her door. Despite the fact that they were in full view of anyone who could walk by at that moment, at the university, and the most dangerous place for them to be kissing each other. She couldn't help herself for stretching up on her tiptoes and wrapping her arms around her shoulders. She couldn't help the thrill of pleasure she'd felt when his hands came to rest on her waist, then tightened as he pulled her closer. The kiss felt like magic. It felt like winter and spring and autumn and summer all wrapped up in the most ethereal way possible. His lips were soft and smooth and her were chapped and thin, but the way they melded together had Rey gasping for breath. Heat traced its way down her spine, her heart beat rocketed up into her throat. And when his tongue pressed against her lips, she opened up her mouth and tasted the warm feeling of freedom, of an empty forest humming with mystery, a roaring ocean filled to the brim with potential. Neither said a thing when, eventually, they pulled apart. Rey was breathless. She stared into his eyes, those eyes which she could see a million shades of brown in. Her eyes flickered down to his lips, which were swollen and red, and she couldn't stop herself from stealing one, two, three quick kisses. Finally, reluctantly, Rey forced herself to disentangle from her professor. She took a step back, smoothed her hair and gave him a shaky smile. She turned her back to him as she fumbled with her keys, finally found the right one and managed to jam it into the lock on her second try. She left the door open behind her and walked to her bed. And she saw a box on her bed and her heart beat faster for a completely different reason. Chapter 13 : Heartache to Heartache Heartache to Heartache Six Months Later Rey strolled the aisles of the gas station leisurely, taking her time perusing the candy section. She picked a couple chocolate bars only to put them back down, sighing as she moved on to the next section. Maybe some fruity hard candy would satisfy her sweet tooth more? Moving on to the next section, she eyed the donuts with greedy eyes, finally settling on the chocolate-covered ones. Chocolate covered donuts were her favorite. Next stop was the refrigerated section, and she picked the perfect bottle of chocolate milk to go with her donut snack. Bringing them up to the front counter, Rey smiled kindly at the old clerk checking her out, paid for her things, and left the gas station quite content. She did not account for the fact that this gas station would have a functioning alarm, and was startled into stopping in the doorway as they went off from the dozens of stolen candy bars and cookies stuffed into the baggy pockets of Rey's sweatpants. The old clerk looked up at Rey, anger quickly replacing her confusion as she lifted her hand the point to Rey. "Thief!" She cried. Rey tried to run, but didn’t make it far—some stupid do-gooder, grabbed her by the arm, reached into her pocket and procured the stolen goods. An hour later, Rey was getting her fingerprints and her pictures taken, and she knew that she would shortly be identified as the missing college woman from just four towns away. Finally . He had waited so long. Six fucking months. Too fucking long away from his beautiful Rey. Who did she think she was, running from him like that? Did she not appreciate his gift? Did she not like it? Did she think that she could run from him? One day. He had left her alone for one day , and that was all that it had taken for her to leave . He should have known it wouldn't take long, his love was as flighty as a sparrow. She wasn't prone to staying in one place for very long he knew, and he had known that his gift would likely be taken the wrong way; as a warning and not a promise. But he didn't think she would take it this far, leaving the second he took his eyes off her. Disappearing like smoke, only to be caught stealing . He would have to retrain her, of course. He could not fault her for her tendencies, as they had been necessary for her survival for most of her life. But he had taken care of that for her, had destroyed the slob that had forced her to steal for her meals. He could not have her thinking that stealing was acceptable when she was with him. He forced himself to take a breath. She was safe, she had been found, she would be with him soon. That was all that mattered. Everything else could be worked on later, when they were actually together, body and soul. She would be taught. He would help her learn, and she would never run from him again. Why did she think she could run from him? She couldn't. Not for long, anyways. Six months was long enough, and he would wait no longer. It was time to act.