“I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine and rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I cannot satisfy the one, I will indulge the other.” - Mary Shelley, Frankenstein Brendol Hux was tired. He was always tired. It didn’t matter how long he slept or how much caf he drank. Life was just tiring. His son sat in front of him, clicking the heels of his boots together. One of his peculiar rituals. Caleb was wearing thick woollen gloves, too. He said it was because of the cold on the Finalizer, but Brendol knew his hands and wrists were covered in scratches. The gloves served two purposes. They concealed, and they prevented him from picking and peeling at the scabs. He knew because this was a habit the twins shared. “You have a… talent for surviving.” Caleb simply stared at him for a few moments, and Brendol wondered if perhaps he’d taken more than his usual dose of painkillers. “That you managed to gather enough parts to engineer-” “ Scavenge ,” Caleb interrupted. “I created weapons, yes. But I was a scavenger. I scavenged. There’s no need to tiptoe around that. After all, that’s how I was programmed . How could I have been anything else? ” He was angry. All of his sons were angry. All except one. He hadn’t met all of them, but he could feel it. That was tiring, too. “And how exactly did you succeed in scavenging so many materials?” he asked, smiling at his son. “It’s quite extraordinary that you found the time to scavenge, sell, sleep and build your own weapons.” “You already know what I did.” This time when he spoke Caleb sounded weary, almost as tired as he was. His fists clenched, nails digging into the soft, thick wool. Brendol nodded. “I’ve read your monitors’ reports, of course. However…” He paused, pretending to fiddle with his datapad, as he suddenly became very aware of just how much Caleb resembled his mother from this angle. The last time he’d seen Aoife’s likeness in one of his sons, he’d found himself compelled to reach out - literally - to him. The reaction had not been as he’d hoped. He pushed the memory away, continued. “I’d like to hear from you .” “Were the reports not thorough?” “They were. I was…impressed. It’s not often you come across someone so willing to do whatever it takes.” Caleb sighed, but Brendol kept on speaking. “Yet there’s nothing in them to suggest why you would be so hesitant to discuss your time on Jakku.” “Because it was despicable.” “You behaved as you did in order to survive. Your decisions were rational .” “That doesn’t mean they were right. I had options. All of them were kriffing awful, but I had them. I didn’t have to do what I did.” He was shaking now. “But I valued my own life more than the other kids’ and…here we are.” Brendol considered trying to reach out to Caleb, but thought better of it, fingers curling back towards his palm. “Here we are.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the Far Above the Moon series Next Work →