Here At The End Of All Things Notes: Leia! In the middle of tightening the seams on the vaporator, Leia dropped the clamps, her hands gone limp without her permission. They thudded into the sand she knelt in, and Uncle Owen looked up, his face suddenly pale. “Leia?” he asked. “Are you alright?” Leia? Can you hear me? Leia looked up, the sky bright above her, but even higher the flashes of a battle darted back and forth. She’d been curious to see Imperials so close to Tatooine, but a lead weight settled in her stomach now as she realized why she felt like Luke was nearer than usual. Luke? His relief could be felt through their bond. Leia, I need your help. You’re our only hope… She saw sterile hallways flooded with smoke, tasted Luke’s fear as he realized defeat was inevitable, felt his fingers shake as he transferred the plans to Artoo. The plans that Leia needed to find, needed to keep from the hands of the tall, black figure that warped darkness around him… “Leia?” At last, she looked up at Uncle Owen. He looked terrified, shaken. Leia had never seen him so frightened. Not even when confronting Tuskens or hunting krayt dragons. “I’m alright,” she said, reaching out and taking his hand. “Sorry. I… I’m fine.” He nodded. “What happened?” “It’s Luke… he needs my help.” Uncle Owen set his jaw and nodded again, more sure this time. “If your brother needs you, then… we’d better get you on your way.” (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Stepping forward, out of the darkness, Rey tugged her goggles and mask off, squinting in the bright sunlight. She opened her canteen and upended it, not minding the few lukewarm drops that trickled down her chin. Most made it into her parched mouth. She closed her mouth and moved the moisture around, trying for every little bit of relief. Rey stacked herself and her satchel on the little sled, smiling a little to herself as she slid down the hill. Hold on tight, Rey! The speeder sputtered across the salt flats, baked under a relentless sun for countless years. Nothing lived out here that didn’t have to. At Niima outpost, Rey hauled her sack over to one of the covered stalls. Even though the shade was hardly cooler, the relief from the harsh white light felt nice. She seated herself and let herself focus on the task of cleaning her salvages from the day. Be gentle with it, Rey. You don’t want to break the little delicate parts. Here, I’ll show you where it goes in the engine… Rey stared up at the window. Behind it, Unkar Plutt looked over the pieces she had brought with a critical eye. He scowled at her. “What you’ve brought me today is worth… hmm… one-quarter portion.” Rey nodded in thanks as she took the little packet of rations, doing her best to hide her disappointment. Try some of mine, Rey. Here, I’ll share with you. It wasn’t really home, not when she was the only one there. It was a place to exist for a while, at most. Rey etched another mark on the rusty wall. Another mark, another day. Quietly, she prepared her small meal. Never take even the little things for granted. Every day is a gift. She tucked her handmade doll under her arm and carried it outside with her plate to eat. The sun was just over the edge of the hills, bleeding pink and purple light over the dunes and the sky. Rey sat the doll on her lap while she ate, hunger making her indelicate. She licked the plate clean, grateful for each crumb. After tossing the plate to one side, she leaned back against the AT-AT. She dumped the sand from an old flight helmet and set it on her head, holding the doll close as she gazed up at the contrails of ships. The doll was a little bit lumpy, and the arms and legs weren’t symmetrical, but she had made it herself from the stuffing of old seat-cushions in a wrecked freighter. It looks just like me! It’s perfect, Rey. She blinked up at the sky, at the first few stars shining through the evening. She could hear whispers from them, a distant song. Soon, she felt. They’d be back soon. Notes: Anakin peeked around the corner into Watto’s junkshop. He loved going through all of the bits and pieces of things that passed through the tiny place. Sometimes he would hold them and try to feel where they came from, how far the wires and chips and scraps of metal had traveled to reach this dusty forgotten corner of the galaxy. “ Ani! ” Watto yelled from behind the counter, scratching at the scruff on his face. “ What are you doing lurking there! ” The Toydarian said in Huttese. “ You are going to scare away the customers, staring at them like that. ” Anakin stepped forward, his hands itching to touch a 55-32 pulse propeller sitting on a nearby shelf. “ I don’t see any customers, Watto. ” “ Because you scare them all away, ” he griped. “ What are you doing here, anyway? Shouldn’t you be studying something? ” “ Mom said I could have a break, ” Anakin tried to look as innocent as possible. “ I was hoping I could help you with the shop. ” He caved in to his desires and ran a single finger along the propeller as gently as he could. “ Don’t touch that, you’ll break it, ” Watto wheezed. “ I guess if you really want to help, you could go clean out the scrap bin. ” Anakin grinned so hard his face hurt, all but climbing up the counter to hug Watto in gratitude. “ Really? I can help? ” The Toydarian shooed him away. “ Ugh. You’re lucky I owe your mother so much. ” Anakin beamed. “ You love me. Admit it. ” Watto scowled, but Anakin knew it was because he was right. “ Remember, Ani, if anyone comes in- ” “ I remember, ” grinned Anakin. “ You’re mean and cranky and beat me all the time. ” “ That’s right. A businessman needs to preserve his reputation, after all. ” It seemed he’d only been out scrubbing for a few minutes when he heard Watto calling for him. “ Get in here, boy! Now! ” Quickly, Anakin wiped his hands on his clothes and ran into the shop, doing his best not to smile but to seem appropriately meek. He even flinched when Watto raised his hand. It was a nice touch, he thought, but Watto didn’t seem to notice. “ What took you so long? ” “ I was cleaning the bin like you- ” “ Nevermind! ” Watto snapped. “ Watch the store. I’ve got some selling to do. ” He turned to a tall human with long greying hair and a beard. “Let me take you out back, yes? We’ll find what it is you need.” Anakin watched the others that lingered in the dusty shop, two more humans and a droid. He kept his mind open, just in case any of them had any thoughts about stealing from the shop. Which reminded him of a joke Watto had told him about keeping his mind open. What was the, what did he call it, punchline? The two humans were really pretty, actually. One of them was taller, with red-brown hair cut short except for a long, thin braid to one side and silvery eyes. The other was daintier, with very long, glossy brown hair, looking around at the shop with intelligent observation. Anakin was eager to talk to these two beautiful creatures. “Are the two of you angels?” They both looked surprised, then the shorter one smiled while the taller one’s face went pink. “Are we what?” the shorter one asked. “Angels,” Anakin repeated. “I've heard the deep space pilots talk about them. They live on the Moons of Iego I think. They are good and kind, and so pretty they make even the most hardened spice pirate cry.” The taller one made a slightly choked sound. “I’m afraid we’re not angels. We’re just human.” “Oh, well, I just thought the two of you might be angels, since you’re the most beautiful humans I’ve ever met. Are you in love with each other?” The taller one’s face turned red and looked away. The one with dark hair smiled, eyes alight. “Do you not meet very many humans, then?” Anakin shrugged. “Not a whole lot. I’m a real human, though. Definitely not a fake human. And my name’s Anakin.” Chapter 2 : Perfect Night Summary: I didn't actually think you were stupid enough to get caught. Notes: “If compassion is the way of the Jedi,” young Anakin mused aloud. He often voiced strange thoughts when he should have been meditating. “And passion leads to the Dark side…” He looked up at Obi-Wan. “What if someone is passionately compassionate? Is that Light side or Dark side?” Obi-Wan stared at him for a moment and then slowly breathed in. And then out. That was always Anakin’s favorite reaction. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “This will begin to make things right,” said the old man, pressing the small leather bag into Poe’s hand. “I’ve traveled too far, and seen too much.” Worried that the kindly gentleman was going to go on another rambling recollection of his past adventures, Poe leaned forward just a little. “Well, thanks to you, we have a chance. I know the General is eager to get her hands on this.” Lor San Tekka chuckled and shook his head. “The General…” He grinned at Poe with mirth in his eyes. “Have you ever asked her how she earned that rank?” “Um… no?” “Maybe you should, sometime. It’s quite the story.” The strands of wooden beads clacked together as BB-8 came rolling into the little house, beeping frantically. :Incoming ships! Incoming ships, Poe!: “We’ve got company,” Poe said. They stood, all but scrambling out of the house. Poe raised his ‘noculars to see what BB-8 was so upset about. Maybe they were neutral ships. Maybe they were on edge for nothing... But of course Poe had no such luck. Those were definitely First Order transports skittering over the horizon. He turned to the old man. “You have to hide,” he said. “You have to leave,” Lor San Tekka responded. “Go!” Poe hesitated. He didn’t want to leave the man defenceless, but if the First Order got a hold of this map, well… Poe couldn’t fail this mission. The approaching ships made the ground rumble under his feet as he finally nodded farewell and took off through the village. The shadowy forms of the villagers rushed around him, and he heard more than one blaster rifle being loaded and readied. Damn the First Order. How did they even know to look here? Suddenly, blaster fire rained around him. Poe ducked, ran faster, even as he heard the screams start. He didn’t dare look back as he finally made it to his X-wing on the outskirts. “Come on, BB-8! Hurry!” Just as they both climbed into place, just as the lights came on, the ship rocked, the thud of the hit sending Poe’s head spinning. :Troopers coming this way!: “I see ‘em!” Poe confirmed. It was easy enough to get rid of them with the anti-personnel blaster, but when Poe tried to start the engines, they only made a sad sputtering sound. “Damn!” he whispered fervently, clambering down from the cockpit and around to the back. He stared at the heavy damage to his X-wing, a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. “BB-8, come here…” Quickly, the little droid left his slot and rolled over to Poe, worried beeps still escaping into the smoky air. Poe knelt down next to BB-8, pulling the strange artifact out of the leather bag. “You take this,” Poe ordered as he slipped the map to BB-8. “It’s safer with you than it is with me. You get as far from here as you can, you hear me?” BB-8 hesitated. :But… but Poe…: “I’ll come back for you,” Poe tried to reassure the droid. “It’ll be alright…” One of the hardest things to do was turn away at that moment, Poe thought, to run from his little buddy sitting there in the sand. Poe took a deep breath, told himself that BB-8 would be alright. He settled himself behind some crates and pulled out a blaster. Only a couple of troopers fell to his shots before he noticed them falling back, dragging captive villagers with them. They were regrouping? Was this really over so fast? Carefully, Poe snuck around the crates, picked his way over blood-soaked sand, trying to figure out what was going on. It didn’t take long. Soon enough he found the cleared ring of firelight and troopers. And in the center… “Great,” Poe muttered under his breath. “This asshole again.” It had been a couple years since that… negotiation? But the tall, imposing figure of Kylo Ren looked exactly the same. More intimidating now, actually, surrounded by flames and smoke. Last time, Poe hadn’t really taken the guy seriously. It was hard to take a black-cloaked drama queen seriously on a bright day in a flowery meadow during what was supposed to be a fairly normal negotiation. But Poe still remembered how easily Kylo Ren had picked him up by the throat with one hand. The half-assed Darth Vader knock-off was more dangerous than he looked. Lor San Tekka knelt there in the sand, held down before Kylo Ren by stormtroopers. The old man raised his chin and stared down the Knight with a defiance that Poe could only hope to achieve someday in the future. “I will die first,” Lor San Tekka said clearly, his voice carrying over the sound of crackling flames. There were about two seconds of silence before Kylo Ren nodded. “You will.” The instant red light spilled from Kylo Ren’s hand, Poe felt himself moving. Apparently his conscience couldn’t just sit back and let Lor San Tekka die. As the Knight raised his lightsaber, Poe drew his blaster and fired. His aim was perfect, centered dead on Kylo Ren’s chest. Anyone else would have been dead. In a blink, Kylo Ren flicked his lightsaber, swatting away Poe’s shot like an annoying insect. Poe saw the redirected shot fly, with either ridiculous accuracy or terrible luck, to knock a weapon out of the hands of a startled stormtrooper. Poe would have gaped more, but the next breath he tried to pull into his lungs didn’t come very easily at all. He grabbed at his throat, panicking, trying to get air even as he felt himself dragged across the sand, his feet trailing behind him. The ground slammed into him, or maybe he slammed into the ground, and when Poe was finally able to open his eyes, he rather wished he hadn’t. He really didn’t like that mask. Leia had even told him that Kylo didn’t really need it - that he was just dramatic - after their last encounter. Once again, he wondered how she knew. Poe stared up at the harsh black mask. “So… do you talk first? Do I talk first?” Damn. He always defaulted to sarcasm when stressed. It was a failing, really. “My apologies,” said the hulking figure. “I was just in a state of minor shock. I didn’t think you were actually stupid enough to let me capture you, Captain Dameron.” “It’s Commander, now.” Poe aimed for cocky smirk but only managed wheezy gasps. “Congratulations on the promotion.” Kylo Ren stood. “Search him,” he snapped at the troopers. Poe grimaced as he was roughly hauled to his feet. The troopers weren’t exactly gentle, either. “Careful with the goods,” Poe muttered under his breath. “He has nothing on him, sir,” said one of the troopers. “Put them both on board,” Kylo Ren snarled. Poe glanced over. At least he hadn’t gotten captured for nothing. Lor San Tekka looked hardly worse for wear, but frightened a bit as they were both hauled up the gangplank. “You fool,” the old man breathed. “What have you done?” “No talking!” barked one of their guards. Poe guessed he would have to wait, then, to reassure Lor San Tekka that the map was safe. Mostly safe. Not here. Much safer than Poe was, at least. He desperately hoped that BB-8 had made it far enough away. Notes: "Why wish you to become a Jedi?" "Mostly because of my father, I guess." Yoda gave Leia a shrewd look. "Ah," he said slowly. "A powerful Jedi, was he. Very powerful." "Please," Leia said, bowing as best she could manage in the tiny hut that Yoda lived in. "Master Yoda, I've wanted this my whole life. Please teach me." Yoda frowned, looked away from her to poke at his small fire. "I cannot teach her. Too sensitive she is." She is learning control. Leia startled at the sound of Old Ben's voice in her ears. "Too much like Anakin, she is," Yoda countered. "Compromised, you are, Obi-Wan, by your feelings. Again. You wish to repeat your mistakes?" We need her. The galaxy needs her. "No," Yoda insisted. "Repeat the past, we cannot. Surprised I am at you. Anything, you would give this young one, if she asked." I fear that she is the only hope we have left. She is the only one who can defeat Darth Vader. "Master Yoda," Leia interjected, her voice careful. "If you teach me, I know I can do this." Chapter 3 : Chain Game Summary: Strange things are happening. Have happened. Will happen. Notes: “I thought this was a rescue mission!” The clone trooper gave a nervous chuckle. “You’ll learn pretty quick that under General Skywalker's command you are always on the offensive.” (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Sir,” said Captain Phasma, striding across the desert sand. “The villagers.” Kylo Ren hesitated, but only for a moment. “I have what I need,” he snapped, waving a hand dismissively. “Do what you want.” “Very well, sir,” Phasma responded, inclining her head slightly. “FT-0250,” she addressed her lieutenant. “Round up the troops and get them back on the shuttles. We’re done here.” “Yes, captain.” FN-2187 stood still, rooted to the spot. It couldn’t possibly already be over. Slip was dead, had died in his arms. There were probably others of his squad dead, too. It was hard to say for sure, though. Eight-Seven hadn’t been able to tell the villagers from his comrades when he felt their lives end. Just sudden little silences. With a start, Eight-Seven realized that Kylo Ren was staring at him, across the sand, the Knight standing perfectly still. What do you see when you look at me like that? Eight-Seven wondered. He wasn’t really expecting a response, but after a few moments, one drifted into his mind, anyway. Your armor. Kylo’s mental voice was barely more than a whisper. It isn’t so shiny, anymore. An image. What Kylo Ren saw in that moment. Eight-Seven standing there, streaks of red across his mask. He hadn’t noticed, before, that he was wearing Slip’s blood. With a shudder, Eight-Seven made his way on shaky legs back to the transport. The ride back to the Finalizer was quiet, which usually Eight-Seven would have been fine with. Now, though, he could feel the other ‘troopers playing over the battle in their minds, or trying to avoid doing so. Loops of thoughts, stuck on repeat. Maybe if I had gone left instead of right… Guess those training simulations aren’t much like the real thing. I didn’t know all the blood would smell like that… What am I even doing here? I can’t make a difference. Not this way. If it wasn’t me it’d be someone else… I keep trying, but I always fail… General? Sorry, Rex. I’m fine. We’re approaching Teth, sir. Good. The sooner we get Rotta back, the better. Yes, General Skywalker. Eight-Seven broke out of his trance with a start. Muscle memory, it seemed, had helped him disembark the transport with the others, but now he felt like he was drowning, swirls of memories not his own crowded up against his mind. He broke from the loose formation, hoping to find a quiet corner to compose himself. An empty transport seemed a good enough place. Eight-Seven pulled his helmet off, the air cooling the sweat on his face, making him shiver even harder. Calm down. Just… calm down. Almost without thinking of it, his mind led him through one of the breathing exercises that Kylo Ren had taught him. They don’t always work for me, but you’re made of sturdier stuff. These can help you focus… Eight-Seven felt Captain Phasma walk up behind him. He didn’t even dare turn around. She’d be so mad. He was so far out of line he might as well be a curve. “FN-2187, submit your blaster for inspection.” “Yes, captain,” Eight-Seven nodded, trying to swallow. “And who gave you permission to remove that helmet?” Eight-Seven considered lying for a second, knew he could say that Kylo Ren gave him permission. But… no. “Sorry, captain.” He turned and saluted Phasma, but she didn’t seem impressed. “Report to my division at once.” She spun on her heel and marched away. With shaking hands, Eight-Seven put the helmet back on, but it felt smaller than before, like it was suffocating him. Darkness was all Poe could see when he opened his eyes. Not the best thing to wake up to, he supposed, but also not the worst. All of his muscles hurt, and his joints felt cramped and stiff. He licked his lips and tasted blood. “The First Order is honored to have such an illustrious ace pilot as a guest,” drawled a strange, mechanized voice in the darkness. “Comfortable?” “Not really.” Poe shuddered as he tried to shift his weight in a way that didn’t hurt. “I must admit,” Kylo Ren continued, straightening from his hunched position. Poe was a little relieved that his eyes were adjusting. “I’m impressed. No one has been able to get out of you what it was you did with the map.” “Might wanna rethink your technique,” Poe spat. He was shivering, now. How long had he been here? He couldn’t seem to keep track of time. It could have been minutes or days... “I don’t normally handle prisoner interrogation.” The words oozed out of the mask, heavy, like Kylo had been chewing on them for a while, rendering them thick and mutilated. Poe could barely unclench his teeth. “The Resistance will not be intimidated by you.” “Oh, I am well aware ,” the Knight said, stepping back just a little. “That the most I could hope for from the Resistance would be a pity laugh.” He circled around, slunk behind the chair where Poe couldn’t see him, where words prickled the skin on the back of his neck. “ You, on the other hand… It would be devastatingly easy to break you.” “Consider this, Dameron,” Kylo Ren murmured as he slunk around the corners of the room, murky and horrible, crude oil pouring into Poe’s head. “Your precious Resistance knows where you are… but they won’t save you. I could send General Skywalker a holovid of your torture and she would do nothing to stop it.” He loomed closer out of the shadows, and Poe couldn’t stop himself from flinching away, the cold reality of Kylo Ren’s words leaving dreadful, aching spaces in his bones. “No one is coming to rescue you. You are alone …” Hux stood, calmly, just outside the door. As if he had simply decided to stop walking, and this is where he had just happened to do so. Icy glares seemed enough to keep any stormtroopers from staring, at least. After a few minutes, the door behind him hissed open, and he very deliberately did not turn around to watch Kylo walk towards him. “Did you get anything out of him?” Hux asked the empty air in front of him just before it was occupied by Kylo Ren, who shook his helmeted head. “Nothing. His mind is well-shielded. If I had to guess, I’d say the map is hidden down on the planet, somewhere.” “Well then,” Hux said. “If it’s still on Jakku, we’ll soon have it.” Kylo nodded. “I’ll leave that to you.” Hux blinked. “Wait, what?” As Kylo moved away, Hux pursued him, stormtroopers trying not to look like they were running out of the path of their two commanders. “What do you mean, you’re leaving it to me? You’ve been obsessed with finding this map for the last four years, at least. ” Kylo made a grinding sound behind his helmet, and Hux could imagine very well the teeth-gritting scowl behind the mask. “There’s no way I’m ever setting foot on that hellhole planet again. I still haven’t gotten all the sand out of my robes…” He picked up some of the fabric and gave it a shake. Sure enough, a few tiny grains fell and skittered against the durasteel floor. “I hate sand.” Hux sighed. Maybe, he thought, someday, Kylo Ren wouldn’t act like such a petulant child. “When was the last time you checked your comm? Captain Phasma said she was having a difficult time getting a hold of you.” “Oh, um…” Kylo pulled his commlink out of a hidden pocket somewhere on his person. “Here, will you read it to me?” Hux snatched it out of his hands with a scoff. “Spoiled brat,” he muttered. “Crotchety old man,” Kylo retorted. Hux did very well at fighting back a fond smile, he thought. Notes: Carefully, Obi-Wan sat his aching body down on the rock, his eyes squinting into the desert morning. “Let’s rest for a few minutes,” he said, the wind pouring down the canyon trying to tear his words away. “Alright!” chirped his young companion, folding her gangly arms and legs easily. She sat on the ground, picking up handfuls of sand and letting them trail through her fingers. He chuckled, a little, at the sight. She looked up at him, this golden child with eyes like a storm. “How did my father die?” Obi-Wan felt his heart stutter in his chest, broken all over again by the words of this girl. He wondered if she could tell. If she could tell that she held his heart in the palm of her hands. He wondered when he’d given it to her. He hadn’t meant to. A tiny cascade of sand hissed over the rocks, and the rustle of feathers drifted down the canyon. “How did my father die?” croaked the blackbird, its voice mocking, repeating the girl’s words, cutting at Obi-Wan’s tendons and ligaments. Everything that held him together. “You know very well how your father died,” Obi-Wan said to the blackbird. “Can’t you leave me in peace?” “Can’t you leave me in peace?” cried the blackbird. The girl was still looking at him, tears in her eyes, seemingly unaware of the blackbird. Obi-Wan thought to himself that she couldn’t see it. Or wasn’t ready to see it, yet. “I’m so sorry,” Obi-Wan said to the girl. “I’m sorry, I… please don’t cry…” If she cried, if she was human enough to cry, then Obi-Wan would be lost forever. And if he was the one to make her cry then surely his soul would be damned. “Leia…” “Please don’t cry, Leia,” echoed the blackbird. “Stop that!” Obi-Wan demanded. “You’re nothing but a shadow!” The blackbird stared at him, it’s eyes far too bright and real. “You’re nothing but a shadow…” And somehow Obi-Wan knew those words were more true when the blackbird spoke them. He woke, twisted up in his sweat-soaked bed-sheets. Desperately, he tried to meditate, to banish the strange nightmare desert. He’d only been trying for a few moments when there was a gentle knock at the door. “Come in, Master,” he said. Master Qui-Gon opened the door and sat himself easily next to his padawan. “A bad dream, I suppose?” “Yes,” Obi-Wan admitted, finally feeling his mind relax in the presence of his master. Qui-Gon hummed thoughtfully. “A vision? Or perhaps you are nervous about our mission in the morning?” Hesitant, Obi-Wan frowned. “I… I don’t know. I’ve never had a dream, vision or otherwise, that was anything like it. It felt like I really was in a desert. There was sand everywhere. I could feel it all over my skin…” At that Master Qui-Gon gave a quiet chuckle. “Well, then I’m fairly certain that it has nothing to do with our mission. Naboo, I hear, is quite green.” Chapter 4 : Run for the Hills Summary: "This is a rescue." Notes: "Han!" Leia couldn't help the smile that threatened to break her face in half. As terrible as the scoundrel looked, he was here! Alive! "Leia!" Han exclaimed. As the guards pushed him forward, he staggered and fell, unable to catch himself with his hands bound. "Are you alright?" she asked, desperation making her voice breathy. "Fine," he tried to shrug. "Just fine. A little bit temporarily blind, but fine. How are we doing?" She glanced around the cheering crowd of Jabba's sycophants. "Same as always." "That bad, huh? Where's Luke?" Leia couldn't even make herself glance over at Luke, blushing furiously. Poor guy. "I'm... here. And kind of glad that you're temporarily blind so you don't get to see me dressed like this. Sorry." Han grinned. "I have to admit, you two, you really know how to make a guy feel special. This is quite the rescue." (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Dazed, and a little off-balance, Eight-Seven didn’t even feel Kylo Ren approaching, which was unusual. The man was like a flare-gun or something. Impossible to miss, most of the time. “Your first battle,” Kylo said simply as he fell into step, matching his pace to Eight-Seven’s. “Yeah,” said Eight-Seven. “Wasn’t what you thought it would be.” “No,” he whispered. Eventually. “That prisoner from the Resistance…” Kylo mused quietly. “Stubborn. But… No one from the Resistance is going to bother attempting a rescue. It’s only a matter of time before he breaks.” Eight-Seven blinked. Why was Kylo saying this to him? In fact… why was the Knight interested in the prisoner at all? A girl. Not a girl. Gold and black hair in braids. Eyes like storm-clouds. Her sleeves are rolled up, her arms streaked with oil and grease, up to her elbows in an engine. She smiles. Like the sun breaking through clouds. She almost never smiles anymore… Not since… Ben… Eight-Seven blinked again, reeling from the shock of the memory. Kylo didn’t usually let his thoughts show so easily around Eight-Seven anymore. Oh. But it wasn’t Kylo’s memory. It was… the prisoner’s? But Kylo had latched onto it, lacing his own feelings into it... The Knight huffed. “Damn. I didn’t mean to do that. Did you see who she is?” “No…” admitted Eight-Seven. “Should I have?” “No. It’s good that you didn’t.” Kylo turned his head away for a moment, the blank mask staring down a crowded hallway. “If you… if you take it…” Eight-Seven frowned. The Knight was being more cryptic than usual. “If… if you get the chance… tell… General Skywalker…” Kylo took a deep breath. Eight-Seven took it with him. “Tell her… I’m sorry. For everything. And… we’ll see each other soon, one way or another.” TK-1244 felt nervous, his arms and legs all twitchy and not quite obeying him. “What’s got you so worked up, Socks?” asked TK-1248 as they went about their patrols in the depths of Starkiller Base. TK-1244 was about to protest the nickname, again, but then decided it just wasn’t worth it. Most people didn’t know where the name came from, anyway. And now nobody mixed him up with JB-0444. After checking both directions, up and down the corridor, Socks leaned closer and whispered. “I saw the ghost,” he explained to his fellow stormtrooper. Keighty hissed in a breath. “You saw Darth Vader ?” He clutched his blaster just a little closer to himself. “Like Banks saw last month?” Socks nodded, his hands a little shaky. “Yeah. Down in the oscillator. It was just about 0100, dark, almost no one else there. I was on shift with Mads and Scull. We were just walking through, and I glanced out over the catwalk.” “The skinny one?” Keighty asked to clarify. “Have they gotten around to putting the railing on it, yet?” “Stop interrupting me,” snapped Socks. “And no. It was just like… this strip of metal wires stretched over empty air. I almost didn’t see him, ‘cause it was so dark. But he moved, turned to look at me, and I saw the mask, like it was hovering there, out over nothing. I told Mads and Scull to look, but by the time they did, he’d vanished. Into thin air.” “Creepy,” Keighty breathed. “Do you think it was really him? The ghost of the 501st?” “Of course!” Socks insisted. “I really saw him! And it’s not like it could be anyone else. Who’d be weird enough to run around Starkiller base dressed as Darth Vader in the middle of the night?” The answer hit them at the same time. “Kylo Ren,” they both muttered. Eight-Seven breathed in, deep, and opened the door. “Ren wants the prisoner,” he barked at his fellow trooper. TN-0056 made no complaint as Eight-Seven approached the Resistance fighter and released him. The man looked like he’d been to hell and back, barely able to stand on his feet. Eight-Seven hoped he could hold out a little longer. Still hoping that no one would think his actions worth actually interfering with, Eight-Seven led the man down the corridor, practically having to hold him up. As soon as he could, Eight-Seven found a narrow hall where no one would be looking for them. Yet. Hopefully. “Turn here.” The prisoner obeyed, and Eight-Seven continued to take deep breaths to keep himself calm. “Listen carefully. You do exactly as I say and I can get you out of here.” “If… what?” The man blinked, still out of it. Great. Eight-Seven pulled off his helmet. Maybe seeing a (friendly?) face would help. “This is a rescue!” Eight-Seven hissed. “I’m helping you escape. Can you fly a TIE-fighter?” The man blinked, confused. “Are you with the Resistance?” Eight-Seven fought down the rising anxiety that was touching the back of his throat. “What? No! I’m breaking you out. Can you fly a TIE-fighter?” The prisoner smirked. “I can fly anything. Why? Why are you helping me?” “It’s a long story, but… because it’s the right thing to do.” He looked at Eight-Seven very intently. “You need a pilot.” Eight-Seven wilted a little. He was right. “I need a pilot.” The man grinned, and Eight-Seven felt real hope stirring in him. “We’re gonna do this.” “Yeah?” “Yeah.” “Alright, um…” Eight-Seven gestured to the armory door behind him. “Let’s get you suited up, then.” It didn’t take long. The captive Resistance pilot was almost exactly the same size as TK-1246, and with Eight-Seven helping him, the armor was in place in only a couple of minutes. “Will this really work?” asked the pilot, fidgeting a little as Eight-Seven checked the corridor. It was clear. “It should,” said Eight-Seven. “As long as you don’t say too much. You don’t sound like a ‘trooper.” “Got it.” Down the hallway. Left. Second door to the right. Eight Seven halted. The way to the hangar was just down there, and up the elevator, but a breath of air had just danced over the back of his neck, covered as it was. He looked at the door to the left. Cell Block A. “There was another prisoner,” he said slowly. He didn’t mean to. He hadn’t meant to speak at all. If this is what Kylo meant by the Force guiding his actions… it was a little creepy, to be honest. “Affirmative,” said the pilot. Eight-Seven grinned and rolled his eyes without moving his head. He was beginning to like this guy. They made their way into the cell block. It was almost too easy, really. The prisoner was in the fifth cell, just far enough from the guard station that they didn’t notice when the pilot stepped inside and took the helmet off. “Hey,” he said to the prisoner with a wide grin. “This is a rescue.” The old man looked up at the two of them, surprise and relief chasing each other across his face. “Well I’ll be…” he whispered. He went to stand, but his legs seemed very shaky. Eight-Seven and the pilot both rushed to support him. With both of them holding his arms like this, Eight-Seven realized, they could just look like they were transferring him to another cell. Or anywhere else… Once the pilot got his helmet back on, they made their way out, through the halls, up the elevator, into the hangar. The enormous space echoed above and around them with voices and footsteps, mixed with the hum of machinery and engines. A thought flickered across the front of Eight-Seven’s mind. “Oh no,” he groaned softly. “What is it?” asked the pilot. Eight-Seven nodded his head across the hangar. “With three of us, we can’t take a TIE-fighter. There’s only room for two.” “That’s fine,” insisted the Resistance pilot. “Like I said, I can fly anything. Does this mean I get to pick a ship?” “No...” Eight-Seven stared at the choice that wasn’t really a choice. It was already there, waiting for them, staring at him from across the huge space of the hangar. The ramp was already lowered, inviting. The old man and the pilot followed where he was looking. “Oh hell no,” muttered the white mask. “It’s our best option,” said Eight-Seven, hoping he was right. “Come on.” Together, the two of them hauled the old man across the hangar. Eight-Seven was glad they both seemed to be better at acting than himself. It felt like it took forever, but then Eight-Seven looked up and there they were, walking right onto Kylo Ren’s Upsilon-class command shuttle. “I hope you know what you’re doing,” said the pilot. Me too. “You can fly this, right?” “I told you,” smirked the pilot as he pulled the stormtrooper helmet off. “I can fly anything.” “Very reassuring,” smiled the old man, rubbing at his arms as he looked around to find somewhere to sit down. “But this shuttle, I believe, requires a co-pilot.” He gave Eight-Seven a sharp look. Almost without thinking about it, the stormtrooper reached out for the Force, felt it there, on his skin, in his bones, dancing over his hands. “I can do it,” he said firmly, pulling his helmet off as calmly as he could. “I can do it.” The second time was softer, for himself. The three of them found their seats and strapped themselves in. Eight-Seven noticed the pilot’s hands shaking a little, but he turned his attention to the controls ahead of him. The engines hummed to life under the pilot’s command. Eight-Seven reached for the controls, but stopped. Wrapped around a handle in front of him was a scrap of flimsi. Carefully, he reached out and pulled it off, unrolling it to read the message typed out on it. Sven, The fuel cells should be good to go. There’s extra clothes, food, water, some credits, and medical supplies behind the wall panel of passenger seat 4. I wasn’t able to replace the patch on the left shield projector, but you should be fine. Tell Dameron that if he harms my baby in any way he will experience horrors that have not been invented yet. Have fun. “Great,” muttered Eight-Seven. “What is it?” asked the pilot, but another voice came over the ship’s comm. “ Command Shuttle Varykino,” it crackled. “ You don’t have clearance for take-off. What are you doing? ” Eight-Seven saw the pilot tense out of the corner of his eye. He reached out, instinctively calming the pilot even as he pressed the comm button. “I know we don’t have clearance,” Eight-Seven grumbled to the hangar traffic controller. “But Kylo Ren insists that we take off right now .” There was a pause, and then a sigh. “ Really? Again? ” “Yeah, I know,” agreed Eight-Seven, letting just the barest touch of Force leak into his voice. “You’d be doing me a huge favor if you just open the hangar door for us. He’s already got his lightsaber out.” “ Oh, shit, man. ” The hangar doors began to creak open. “ There. And, uh… if you get a chance, maybe let him know that a little warning ahead of time would be nice. Especially with how the General’s been, lately. ” “Thank you so much.” Eight-Seven switched off the comm and looked over. The pilot was staring at him with a weird look on his face. “What?” A burst of laughter from behind them caught them both off-guard. The old man was bent over, his arms wrapped around himself as he tried to contain himself. “Sorry,” he wheezed. “But that was the funniest thing I’ve seen in years.” The pilot inched the ship forward a bit. “Hit those green buttons,” he said to Eight-Seven. “Which one?” “All of them.” Eight-Seven did as he was told, and with an ecstatic whoop , the pilot plunged them forward into star-studded space. “Wooaaaahhh! This thing really moves fast!” The pilot grinned. “Not the most maneuverable, but it’s got some kick to it.” He turned that grin on Eight-Seven. “What’s your name?” “FN-2187.” His face shifted, and Eight-Seven wasn’t quite able to read what it meant. The pilot’s thoughts were too jumbled, tired, and racing from adrenaline to get a solid read through the Force. “FN- whaa?” “That’s the only name they ever gave me.” Eight-Seven shrugged. The pilot frowned. “Well, I ain’t using it!” He shot a crooked, tired smile over at Eight-Seven. “FN, huh? Finn. I’m gonna call you Finn! Is that alright?” Even with all the madness of the day, Finn… Finn couldn’t suppress his smile. The name felt right , like it had always been his, and had just been waiting around for someone to give it to him. “Finn. Yeah. Finn. I like it!” The pilot reflected his own burst of joy. “I’m Poe. Poe Dameron. And the old guy is Lor San Tekka.” “Nice to meet you, Poe! Lor San Tekka!” Finn couldn’t stop smiling. He’d never been so happy in his entire life. “Nice to meet you too, Finn!” Poe chuckled and turned his attention out the viewport. “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” said Lor San Tekka. Finn glanced back. The old man still looked exhausted, but was smiling. “I hate to be the voice to dampen so much enthusiasm, but… where are we going?” “Back to Jakku,” Poe said, his voice firm. “Back to Jakku?” repeated Finn. “No no no! We can’t go back to Jakku! We need to get out of this system before anyone realizes that we’re gone!” “We need to get to my droid before the First Order does,” Poe said, his voice sharp with purpose. He glanced back at Lor San Tekka. “My droid’s got the map.” The old man heaved a sigh of relief. “Thank the Force. It’s safe.” “For now,” Poe snapped. Finn stared at him. Poe was getting angry, but… it was to cover something else. Fear? “We have to get it back as soon as we can.” “A map?” Finn wondered if it was the map that Kylo Ren was trying to find. “A map to what?” Poe’s hands clenched on the controls, and a tendon in his neck stood out. He really was afraid of something. After a few moments, it was Lor San Tekka who answered. “It’s a piece of a map, really, that General Skywalker entrusted me to keep safe. A map to the first Jedi Temple. If the First Order got a hold of it…” “That isn’t going to happen,” Poe said, cutting the air with his fear and fury. “Not as long as I live.” They fell silent again. And again it was Lor San Tekka who broke the silence. “I didn’t realize you had become… personally involved, young Dameron.” Finn watched Poe straighten his shoulders, purse his lips. “Neither had I,” he finally admitted. Notes: "Ahhh, our guest of honor," rumbled Gardulla the Hutt. "A most impressive showing in the race, today, my friend. Especially for a human. If I remember correctly, no human has won the Boonta Eve Classic since before the Clone Wars." With an exaggerated shrug, Shmi peeled off her face-obscuring racing helmet and tossed it to one side. "You have a good memory, Gardulla," she murmured. "Though perhaps not good enough, since you seem to have forgotten our agreement." The Hutt's eyes widened, and her tail shivered. "Shmi!" Gardulla exclaimed, trying to hide her sudden, overwhelming fear. "It has been... such a long time, my friend!" "Don't try to sweet-talk me, Gardulla." Shmi smiled. It wasn't a friendly smile. "We made a deal, you and I. You agreed to stay out of the slave business, and I agreed not to kill you. That is how it went, yes?" "How dare you speak to the Great Gardulla in such a manner!" exclaimed the Hutt's translator. "Insolent-" The man stopped speaking rather abruptly. Shmi had observed that most humanoids tended to stop talking when their spines were suddenly liquified. He collapsed the the floor with an unpleasant smush . "Where was I," said Shmi. "Oh, yes. Gardulla..." "Take anything you want!" wailed the supposed Great Gardulla. "You can take anything, just please spare me!" Shmi clicked her tongue in mock disapproval. "You're right about one thing, Gardulla." She leaned a bit closer. "You know I can take whatever I want. Luckily for you... this is just a rescue." "A... a rescue?" "Yes," Shmi said softly. "You will free all of your slaves. All of them... and in exchange you get to live a few more years. You're very lucky that I'm willing to alter our deal." Chapter 5 : I Followed Your Ashes Into Space, But I Can't Look At The Stars Summary: Finn thinks that Niima outpost is a junkyard, and Poe learns a horrible truth. Also, soulmates are a thing. If I may direct your attention to the tags, you may notice that I updated a few... (Armitage/Ben, Trans Poe Dameron, etc.)most of which solidify my place as a despicable human being. I am so so sorry... Notes: Leia paused, her shirt half-over her head. The fresher mirror was angled just right to let her catch a glimpse of it, every once in awhile. Her soulmark. The small black letters, lined up between her spine and her right shoulder blade. She didn’t think about it often. After all, it wasn’t like she met a great many people, though she enjoyed trips with Aunt Beru to Anchorhead for supplies once a month. Once, she’d asked Old Ben about it. “I have a soulmark,” she said one morning, as they stretched out in preparation for their katas. “That’s what Uncle Owen calls it. He has one, too. His and Aunt Beru’s match. Do you have one?” “Aren’t you a little young to be worrying about things like soulmarks and soulmates?” His smile crinkled up around his eyes, but seemed shaky. “I’ll be eight in two months,” she reminded him. “I’m practically a grown-up.” “So you are,” Old Ben said quietly. She watched him hold back a sigh. “Soulmarks are very private things, Leia. Asking someone about theirs could be seen as very rude.” She pursed her lips and nodded. “That makes sense. So do you have one?” “Leia…” “Where is yours? What does it say?” “Leia!” She fell quiet, staring at Old Ben. He’d never raised his voice at her, before. Ever. His eyes were wide, his hands shaking, his face pale under his tan. Something horrible twisted in her chest. “I’m sorry,” she whispered, tears falling down her face before she even realized they were there. “I’m sorry, Ben. Please don’t be mad at me…” He shook his head, his eyes closed. “I… I’m not mad at you, Leia, but… maybe we should take a day off…” “Ben…” “Go home, Leia. Come back tomorrow.” Dinner tasted like sand. Leia pushed around the food on her plate until Owen heaved a great sigh. “The Tuskens have many beliefs about soulmarks,” he said quietly, holding hands with Beru under the table where they pretended Leia wouldn’t notice. “One of the reasons they keep themselves covered at all times is to protect their marks. They believe the marks are holy… Since they don’t have a written language, their marks are symbols, suns and stars and moons and animals. Their legends say that long ago, people had four legs, four arms, two heads. But one day the gods were angered, and as punishment every soul was cut in half, split right down the middle, and scattered across the world. But there was one goddess who had compassion on the lost souls, so she gave them soulmarks, so they could find themselves again, their other-selves.” Leia bit her lip, then slowly looked up from her plate. “What are they really?” Owen shrugged, and gave her a small smile. “No one really knows for sure. But… maybe don’t ask Old Ben about it again, alright?” Leia wiped at her eyes. “Did something happen? Did he lose his other self?” Owen glanced at Aunt Beru, and it was her who answered Leia. “Yes,” she said sadly. “He did.” (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “General Hux.” Hux turned, watched as Ren strode through the door to the command bridge, tall and dark and looming. “What is going on?” “It’s the Resistance pilot,” Hux snapped, his nerves frayed. “He’s escaped, along with the other prisoner. They had help, Ren, from one of our own.” He tried to calm himself down but his usual methods were only getting him so far. Turning away from Ren, he looked over Mitaka’s shoulder at the glowing display. “We’re checking the registers now to see which stormtrooper it was.” “There’s no need,” Ren hummed quietly. “It was FN-2187.” Hux bit the inside of his cheek, then faced Ren. “What,” he said quietly. “Did you do?” There was a burst of emotion in the back of Hux’s mind, the space he thought of as belonging to Kylo Ren. Fear, mostly. Confusion, anger, sorrow, grief, and strangely… a warm pride. Hux wavered, his left hand reaching up to brush against Ren’s right shoulder for a brief moment that he hoped no one on the bridge noticed. “What I felt was necessary,” Ren murmured. “They used my shuttle to escape. We can track it. They’ll lead us right to the map.” “You really think they are foolish enough to head straight for it?” Hux asked. Unfortunately… “Yes,” Ren said aloud. “Very well.” Hux turned to Colonel Kaplan. “Colonel, send a squad to Jakku to retrieve the map. Use the coordinates from Kylo Ren’s command shuttle-” He shot a glare at Ren. “Which the prisoners conveniently took.” Ren shrugged. “I have a contact at Niima Outpost,” Lor San explained. “A scavenger. Good at finding things. If anyone will be able to help us find your droid, it’ll be her.” Poe fidgeted a little in the pilot seat, then stood when Finn stepped into view, face painted with uncertainty. He looked very uncomfortable in the plain off-white shirt. With good reason, Poe realized. The sleeves were about six inches too long. Finn kept pushing the cuffs up his forearms, but it was a losing battle. “How do I look?” The poor guy looked completely lost, anxious but hopeful. “Here,” Poe said, holding out his hand to Finn. Gently, he rolled up the sleeves so that they sat on his wrists. “That should leave your hands free. Something’s still missing, though…” Finn’s face was so easy to read, all but screaming how much he wanted to do this right, to fit in, to be… a normal person, Poe supposed. Poe snapped his fingers. “I got it!” he exclaimed. Quickly, he shrugged out of his jacket and handed it over. “Try this on.” Finn’s eyes went wide, and a smile crept onto his face as he shrugged on the jacket. It fit perfectly. He held out his arms and looked at Poe with a question obvious in his demeanor. “It suits you,” Poe nodded. Finn’s face lit up. Lor San walked up to them, still stiff in his movements. “Take these,” he said, handing them lengths of lightweight cloth. “You need to protect your heads from the sun. And we’ll carry plenty of water with us, as well.” “Aren’t we just going into town?” asked Finn, even as he shouldered a small bag of rations and water. Lor San Tekka smiled a bit. “Young one, you would be amazed at how many plans I have seen go horribly wrong. Never set foot in a desert without extra water at the very least. Besides… Skywalkers are involved, and they inevitably cause more chaos, even when they don’t mean to.” Poe draped the fabric over his head like a hood, then picked up his own bag and slung it over his shoulder. He hit the button to lower the ramp, and dry, hot air billowed up into the shuttle. “Speaking of Skywalkers,” he said, hoping he sounded casual. “How much do you know about the General?” “Which one?” Poe chuckled and helped the old man down the ramp. Hopefully they could get him some medical help while they were here, too. “General Skywalker, of course.” But Lor San gave him a suspiciously innocent look. “ Which one? ” he repeated. “The Supreme Leader was explicit,” Hux huffed as he walked down the bridge with Ren at his side. “Capture the droid without destroying it if at all possible.” Ren grunted a little behind the mask. “What if a horrible accident were to happen and the droid were inexplicably destroyed along with the map? After all, your men are not all entirely capable-” Hux bristled. “Don’t blame my soldiers for your issues, Ren. My men are exceptionally trained-” “I’m well aware,” growled Ren. “Careful, Ren,” Hux said, just a little quieter. “Your personal interests are showing, again.” “Why, General,” Ren said mockingly. “Was that a euphemism? And in public, too… how bold of you.” Hux sighed. “Why do I even bother?” “There’s more than one?” Poe said, his voice scratchy, and his face growing redder in the heat. “Of course, you probably mean the General Skywalker who leads the Resistance,” Lor San said as he led the two of them down the sandy hill. “Who’s the other one?” Poe said, his voice getting higher-pitched with worry, though Finn wasn’t sure what he could possibly be worried about. It wasn’t like there was a General Skywalker who was an enemy to him. “The General Skywalker who fought in the Clone Wars,” Lor San explained. “He was a friend, of sorts.” Finn narrowed his eyes at the old man, but no one noticed. How much did this old man know? Probably a lot, actually. Finn sighed. He himself knew plenty about both Generals Skywalker. There were definitely good and bad things about being one of Kylo Ren’s only friends, and apparently the only confidant he had. Sometimes Finn felt like he carried too many secrets for Kylo. The guy really needed to find someone else to talk to. Of course, the one time Finn had mentioned that maybe Kylo could talk to General Hux about some of it… had not gone well. At least nothing had exploded, though. “As for General Skywalker of the Resistance…” Lor San gave a heavy sigh. “If I had known forty-five-odd years ago what I do now, I would have run screaming in the other direction the first time I saw her.” Poe didn’t seem to be very comforted by Lor San Tekka’s words, but Finn was. Niima Outpost didn’t really look like much to Finn. More a junkyard than anything else, with scraps of old ships scattered about, casting narrow shadows in which a few tented stalls leaned. Everything was the color of dust and old metal, even the people, humans and aliens alike. In fact, it was pretty hard to tell the difference, even as they walked among them, within arm’s reach. It didn’t take long to find Lor San’s scavenger he’d mentioned. There was yelling, some cursing, a scuffle, and the sound of someone being hit repeatedly in places that hurt. (Later, Finn thought that he really should have taken that as his first clue that he was dealing with someone related to Kylo Ren.) “Rey!” yelled Lor San, waving an arm in the air. “Rey! Good afternoon!” A wiry, goggled figure spun around at the name, a staff clenched in both hands. “Lor San Tekka?” called a high girlish voice. She ran the short distance to the three of them, then threw her arms around the old man. “It’s so good to see you! It’s been more than a month!” “BB-8!” cried Poe. Finn looked to see a small, white and orange blur come barrelling into the pilot as he knelt in the sand, nearly knocking him over. “BB-8! Buddy! I told you I’d come back for you!” Finn stood awkwardly, shifting his weight back and forth as his friends were reunited, it seemed, with those they’d been searching for. He wondered, for a moment, what it would be like. To have someone who was so happy to see him that they couldn’t help but run to him, all smiles and joy. “Rey,” said Lor San as the scavenger stepped away from him. “These young men saved my life. I brought them here because I thought you could help find their lost droid… but it seems you were already a step ahead of us.” “You’re very lucky I found him. Teedo had him, out in the eastern dunes.” At last, Rey lifted her goggles off her face. To get a better look at them, Finn assumed. His heart pounded hard in his chest. Dust stuck to her cheeks and nose, and her goggles had left red lines on her face. Her face was squarish, but narrow, with green-brown eyes that flickered to different shades with every move she made. He felt his tongue stick to the roof of his mouth. Poe stood and brushed the sand off his knees. “I’m Poe Dameron,” he said. Finn wondered how he did it, that effortless charm, that perfectly crooked smile, that hair. It almost didn’t seem fair. Maybe that was why stormtroopers all had to keep their hair so short. So they didn’t get distracted by the few with naturally flawless hair. Kylo Ren had nice hair, he remembered. But as pretty as Kylo was, he was far more scary than he was distracting. Not like this girl… “And this is my friend, Finn,” Poe continued. Finn almost panicked for a split second. Did most people do something when meeting each other? What was he supposed to do with his face? Where did his hands go? “We’re Resistance fighters.” Rey was staring at Finn, a strange look on her face. No one had ever looked at him like that before, and he wondered why it was making his stomach uneasy and his heart all clenched up. “Your name is Finn?” she said softly, then seemed to pull herself out of… whatever she had been thinking. Finn didn’t get a good look. “It’s nice to meet you both! I’ve never met Resistance fighters, before,” she exclaimed with a wide grin. Poe shrugged, then winced. It looked to Finn like his ribs were sore. “Well, this is what we look like.” Finn nodded, a bit uncomfortable. Rey really was very pretty, and she hadn't stopped looking at him. “Others look different,” he added, wishing he was better at talking to people. It seemed to be so easy for Poe. Although… Finn wondered if he should mention how much power the girl had simmering behind her eyes. It nearly distorted the air around her, like heat radiating from the sand made the air all wavy. (Later, Finn thought that the Force hitting him upside the head should have been his second clue that he was dealing with someone related to Kylo Ren.) “Listen,” Poe continued. “Thank you for your help. This droid has to get back to the Resistance base no matter what. It’s carrying information vital to General Skywalker.” Rey’s expression turned intently curious. “General Skywalker? I thought-” Whatever Rey was about to say was lost in the ensuing explosions. (Later, Finn thought that the explosions really should have been his third clue that he was dealing with someone related to Kylo Ren.) Notes: “Come forward, child.” Armitage wanted to look to his father for reassurance, but he had been raised in such a way that he knew he couldn’t. He couldn’t show such a weakness before the Supreme Leader. Couldn’t prove to the Commandant that his bastard son really was as pathetic as he thought. So instead, he simply stepped forward and bowed. As best he could, he met Supreme Leader Snoke’s eyes without flinching, even as the strange humanoid drifted closer. “I am told, child, that you wear a soulmark.” Armitage nodded. “I do, sir.” “Show it to me.” This time, Armitage couldn’t help but glance back at his father, but the Commandant gave no reaction. He was staring straight ahead, his eyes fixed somewhere on the back wall of this dark place. Armitage hadn’t ever seen his father frightened before in all his twelve years of life, and it wasn’t until he’d rolled up his sleeve that he realized that fear is what he saw on the Commandant’s face. Holding up his arm so the light fell on the small black letters about three inches from his wrist, Armitage wondered why the Supreme Leader wanted to see it. The Commandant had said that he should never show anyone, if he could help it, that it was something that could be used against him. But now they were here, the Supreme Leader gazing down at the mark Armitage had been born with. It wasn’t a very remarkable name that was spelled out in his skin. Armitage figured that there could be thousands, if not millions, of ‘Ben’s across the galaxy. The way the Supreme Leader leaned closer, though, made Armitage wonder what was so significant about the mark. Supreme Leader Snoke glanced at the Commandant. “You may leave, Commandant Hux.” Armitage glanced back once more. The Commandant didn’t move, but stood as if transfixed. “Commandant Hux,” The Supreme Leader said, his voice harsher, louder. “Your service is appreciated, and will not be forgotten. You may go.” Armitage shivered, the Supreme Leader’s words pushing against him like real things with weight. Like a puppet jerked by strings unseen, his father bowed, then turned away, exiting the strange, dark, cavernous room. Armitage felt more alone than usual. “You have a significant purpose, child,” The Supreme Leader said slowly, staring at the soulmark. Armitage trembled. Something about the Supreme Leader seemed… hungry. “Tell me... do you wish to serve the First Order? To help restore the galaxy to its rightful state?” That was all Armitage wanted, all he had ever been told to want. He’d never wondered, really, or daydreamed of any other reason for his life, anything else he might want to do. Not until just after he said “Yes, Supreme Leader.” “That is good… I promise you this, child. Your life… will be dedicated to a great purpose.” A spindly, greyish hand lay itself over the soulmark, and pain like oily red fire shot through Armitage, roaring through his entire being. Across the galaxy, a young boy named Ben Skywalker-Solo woke screaming. Chapter 6 : A Sky With Neither Stars Nor Storms Summary: But what if there were a blackbird? Notes: Luke maneuvered the speeder through the narrow canyon, the dry wind hissing against his ears and cheeks. Small arms tightened around his waist and he smiled a little. Rey had practically begged to come along for the ride, even when Luke insisted that he wasn’t actually going anywhere in particular, just needed to get out somewhere beneath the sky. She squealed with delight when he playfully took a turn sharper than he strictly needed to. It didn't take long to reach the top of the ridge, and Luke eased the speeder to a stop. The cliffs dropped away from their feet, the desert stretching away for miles in every direction. The air felt a little softer than usual, the long twilight just starting to creep up the sky. He helped Rey down, and they sat on the cliff's edge, their feet hanging over. They tossed small stones as far as they could, taking a moment to laugh quietly with each other. "Luke?" He looked down at the young girl. She looked at him with the over-seriousness of a small child. "Are you alright? You look tired." He scratched at his head and frowned. “I haven’t been sleeping very well,” he admitted. “I’ve had some bad dreams.” “Bad dreams?” Luke hesitated, suddenly unsure of himself. “I’m sure it’s nothing, Rey.” She frowned. “It’s not ‘nothing’ if you can’t sleep because of it, Luke. Do you want to talk about it?” He wondered, for a moment, if he should tell her, but the moment soon passed. He frowned down at his knees. "I keep dreaming of…” Ash and shadow. Hands that held onto nothing. A figure wrapped in death and torment so powerful that reality cracked and warped around it. “Darth Vader.” Rey sighed. The sound was so small, full of sadness that was too big for those tiny shoulders. “A sky without stars or storms.” “What?” She fidgeted, glancing at him and running her fingers along the edge of her sleeves. “It’s just… something mom said. When I asked her about your names.” Luke turned towards her, curious. “What did she say?” Rey looked up at the sky, squinting at the bright glare. “She said that stars and storms both live in the sky. That’s their home. And that a sky without either of them would be… very empty and sad.” He watched her as she fidgeted some more, trying to disguise wiping away some stray tears. “Luke?” “Yes?” “Do you think my brother will ever come home?” The honest answer was no. But Rey already knew that. Still, she was looking up at Luke like he had the power to change that, somehow. He cleared his throat, looked away from her, out over the desert. The setting suns painted the wasteland in rust and pink, the shadows of the hills and rocks a soft, deep blue. “Well,” he said quietly. “If you and I both want that, we’re going to have to come up with a really good plan, aren’t we?” (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn decided that battle simulations were great and all for basic training, but simulated sand and real sand were very different. Real sand sank and slid under your feet when you ran, for one thing, every step taking the effort of three normal ones. And simulated sand didn’t get in your mouth when you called out for help, or to yell instructions. “Go! Run!” Finn tried to spit the irritating grains out, but they got beneath his tongue and between his teeth and gums. It was hard to breathe, too, but that may have just been because he was running harder than he knew he could. He tasted blood. “Back to the ship! That way!” The swooping aircraft above them burned through the atmosphere, the wind displaced by them pummeling the rag-tag group. Finn wished he had a blaster in his hands, even though such a small weapon would do nothing against TIE-fighters. Rey was running ahead of him, her clothes whipping about her. The heat and terrible footing didn’t seem to be slowing her down at all. Finn glanced behind him, worried about Poe and Lor San Tekka. And as he did so he saw the fighter coming up behind them. ‘Get down!’ he screamed, the dryness like a living thing tearing its way into his mouth and nose. Even as his new friends dove to the ground, though, he realized that the shots weren’t being fired at them. He hadn't expected the First Order to destroy one of their own command shuttles. Especially Kylo Ren’s command shuttle. He felt a very quick pang of sympathy for whoever had to deliver that news to the Knight. “Damn!” Poe cursed loudly before the last of the debris had even landed. Finn barely heard him over the ringing in his ears. “What now?” “That ship!” Lor San pointed, and blindly Finn turned to follow. “That ship is garbage!” Rey called out, but he heard her right behind him, still keeping up. All that mattered was running, getting out of here safely. Finn willed them all to move faster. Until suddenly, all that mattered was that soft sound he heard behind him when they were just within a few yards of the dilapidated ship. “Ah,” is all Rey said as she tripped over a piece of metal half-buried, landed hard on the ground and all the air rushed out of her at once. Finn couldn’t breathe, either, could only see, for a moment, the memory of watching Slip fall to the sand of Jakku, blood on his armor. No. No one was going to fall anymore. Not anyone that Finn, limited and human as he was, could protect. He didn’t even think about it, really, only ran back a few steps, trying to ignore the roar of TIE-fighters over his head. Sliding in the sand, Finn reached out and took hold of Rey’s hand even as she was scrambling to get back up. “I’m fi-” she started to say, in the instant before their hands touched and the whole world went black. And then white. And then a color that wasn’t quite purple. His heart felt like it was pounding so hard it was going to break his ribs, and he could feel her heart as well. In the un-purple, their eyes still managed to meet. The breaking dry air was gone. All Finn could feel was warmth. Gentle and happy. It kind of reminded him of something, something that he couldn’t quite remember all the way at the moment, because there were more important things going on. Like Rey, right in front of him. (The back part of his mind, more concerned with survival, gave up screaming at him at this point.) Oh, he heard in his mind. A simple sound of surprise and realization. And then the single, quiet voice in his head multiplied. Dozens, maybe hundreds of whispers. Some felt close, almost like they were coming from inside his own cells. Some felt distant, like they were reaching a long way just to speak to him, just to make sure that he heard... gentle/bright/mortal recognition, through sky-heart/eyes child walking. It didn’t really make sense. Not true words, just images and feelings flickering back and forth across the entire galaxy but tuned so he alone could see. familiar a life-longing-half for (belonging) stone brave child walking. hands holding tight don’t let go a question (old anticipation) are you ready? find fire Finn opened his eyes and sat up, nearly hitting his head on the way. “Take it easy, young man,” said a calm voice. “We’re all safe.” “Rey?” Finn asked. For a second, hers was the only name he could remember. “Yes, she’s safe, too.” Lor San Tekka put a weathered, kind hand on Finn’s head. “You don’t seem to be actually injured, though I’m surprised you were unconscious for so long. It’s probable that you’ve been pushing yourself too hard.” Finn looked around, saw only the cramped cabin of whatever ship they’d gotten on, it looked like. The engines hummed low and unevenly below the deck. “What happened?” The old man sat back, crossed his arms in front of him. “What do you remember?” Voices, mostly. “Um… Rey tripped,” Finn said slowly, reconstructing events in his mind. “I ran back to help her. I grabbed her hand…” “And both of you promptly passed out.” Poe Dameron sniped from the doorway. “You are so damn lucky Lor San and I were able to drag you two onto the ship. Barely .” “And not without a price,” Lor San said, frowning as he stood up slowly. “How is your arm, Commander Dameron?” Poe shrugged, and then grimaced. Finn noticed him holding his right arm very carefully at his side. “Not so great,” Poe hissed, his face turning pale and kind of green. “I don’t think I’ll be flying anything for a while.” He nodded at Finn with a shaky smile. “Good thing your girlfriend is a halfway decent pilot herself, or we’d be in big trouble.” “Poe Dameron,” said Lor San, managing to sound rather put-upon. “You are hardly in a position to tease other people about their soulmates.” Finn’s brain caught up. Almost. “Girlfriend? Wait… soulmate? What’s that?” Ren’s displeasure was contagious, rolling off the Knight in waves. “Stop pouting, Ren,” Hux said sharply as they walked towards the command bridge. “It’s your own fault, you know. You’re the one who let them take your command shuttle.” He scoffed a little. “I’m convinced that all the disasters in your life are of your own doing.” Ren actually growled , but other than that did not respond. Either he was even more upset about his command shuttle than he initially let on, or Hux had accidentally struck a nerve. Most likely the second. They had a tendency to do that, Knight and General. Hux made a mental note to apologize properly later, in private. For now, he hoped a discreet touch of his hand to Ren’s back would be enough. Ren all but melted into the touch. “You’re fine, Ky.” Hux breathed, and felt Ren breathe with him. Good. Now, to distract the Knight, which should be easy enough. Hux thought of the conversation he’d overheard earlier, between some of the troops. “Ren,” he said. “With the Force, is there such a thing as ghosts?” The Knight stopped so suddenly that Hux nearly tripped trying to stop and face him. Ren whirled on him, furious. “You saw him? What did he do? What did he say to you!? ” Ren barked through the mask, his voice harsh, his words grinding painfully through the air. A nearby wall panel crumpled. A passing officer flinched and backed away slowly. Hux frowned. “I take it the answer is yes, then.” That hadn’t been the response he’d expected. Ren let out a horrible, mechanical hissing sound, tensing even more, his fists shaking. “ What did he say to you, Hux.” “I haven't seen any ghosts, Ren. Only overheard some gossip about the base being haunted.” He stepped forward, into Ren’s space, glaring at the damnable mask. “Who are you so concerned about?” Ren’s hands clenched, and Hux heard him gulp in a shaky breath. “No one. I mean. It isn't… He’s…” Hux raised an eyebrow, and Ren relented. “Fine. Yes, there are… some phenomenon around powerful force-users that could be termed ‘ghosts’, if that is what someone is comfortable with calling them. Personally, I prefer-” “General!” That was Officer Falgen, scurrying up the corridor. “There’s a minor issue with the-” “If it’s minor ,” Hux all but snarled. “Why are you telling me about it instead of dealing with it yourself?” But that was more than Ren needed to make his escape, long strides carrying him away from Hux. Ah, well. Hux listened to Officer Falgen’s hurried explanation while also letting his mind wander back to Ren. The Knight was getting better at dodging Hux’s questions, but he was doing it far less often than was once usual. Hux realized that his hand had drifted without conscious thought. Again. His fingers tracing over where his soulmark used to be. He calmly lowered his hand back to his side and told himself that no one noticed. “Of course stormtroopers wouldn’t know about soulmates,” Poe groaned, his good hand over his face. “You don’t even have proper names. Shit.” Finn stood up, his head still feeling strangely swishy, but nothing he couldn’t deal with. He shivered. It felt for a moment like he was being watched by many invisible eyes. It quickly dissipated, though. “Finn.” Finn looked at Lor San Tekka, who gestured to him. “If you feel quite rested enough, I’m afraid I must ask that you indulge an old man’s need for some sleep. Commander Dameron can explain things to you, I’m sure.” He gave Poe a stern look. “You need sleep, too, Commander, when you can. Passing out while being interrogated doesn’t count.” “I hadn’t noticed,” Poe said dryly, though Finn saw dark shadows under the man’s eyes. “You get your rest, Lor San Tekka. I don’t care to imagine General Skywalker’s reaction if I showed up with you looking like you’re on death’s doorstep.” “I was about to say the same thing to you.” Finn crossed the small space to Poe. “I, um… Rey’s alright?” Poe looked at him, up and down, and even though Finn was pretty sure Poe couldn’t use the Force, he felt kind of like Poe was reading his mind. “Yeah. She’s fine. woke up after only a few seconds.” Finn followed him out of the room, leaving lor San Tekka to rest. “Not sure why you were out for so long, although…” He gave Finn another knowing look. “When two soulmates touch for the first time it’s… memorable. And I’ve heard it’s even stronger when one of them has a strong connection to the Force.” “So… what are soulmates?” Poe stopped, cradling his injured right arm. “Well, no one really knows why it happens, but sometimes sentient life-forms are born with a name on their skin somewhere. Not their own. Someone else’s. Some people never find their soulmate, but most do, from I’ve heard. And when you find that person…” Poe shrugged. "It’s kind of weird, really. You think about them a lot. You want them to be happy. You want to protect them, never let them get hurt, even though you know they don’t need it-” “You have one,’ Finn said quietly. “A soulmate. Don’t you? A name you were… born with?” Poe sighed and grimaced. “Yeah. And I don’t know how Lor San knows. The General must’ve told him…” “Finn?” Rey stepped into the corridor, and Finn’s world shrank. He remembered thinking she was pretty. That was still true, but Finn found himself wishing he knew more words for ‘pretty’. She deserved all of them. “Hi, Rey,’ he said quietly, feeling his face get warm. After a few moments, Poe cleared his throat. “Is the hyperdrive set to go, Rey?” She jumped a little. “Oh, yeah! It is! You didn’t tell me where we needed to go, so I set the hyperspace jump for the Anoat system.” “Anoat? There’s nothing there.” Rey’s expression hardened a little, and Finn smiled. “Well, you can go set it for wherever you need to go.” Poe sighed dramatically. “The base is in the Ileenium system.” “The Ileenium system?” Rey echoed, some disbelief in her voice. Finn failed at hiding a grin. “Yeah, well…” Poe shrugged and made his way to the cockpit. “I’ll just… leave you two to do that weird staring thing where I don’t have to watch…” And just like that, Poe was gone, leaving Finn stranded alone with… with Rey. She looked down at the floor, her brow furrowed with thought, and then she looked back at him with a very solemn expression. “I’m sorry.” Finn felt completely lost. “For what?” ‘For almost getting us killed back there.” Her cheeks turned a little pink. She had tried and failed to wipe the dust from her face, it seemed. “As soon as they said your name… I knew. I wanted to say something, but then those fighters were shooting at us and we were running, and then…” She shrugged. Her eyes were such an amazing color. “And then you took my hand. You… you came back for me.” He did. Hadn’t even really thought about it. But she was looking at him like what he had done was really important. Like he was important. No one had ever looked at him like that before. “I… didn’t want to leave you behind.” She smiled and nothing else mattered. Finn felt himself shifting his weight back and forth, trying to put his head back together. “That was strange, though wasn’t it? With all those voices?” “Voices?” Now she looked confused. “I didn’t hear any voices.” “You didn’t?” Finn frowned. “But they were so loud-” “What did they say?” Honestly, he was just glad she didn’t seem to think he was crazy. “It was… confusing. They didn’t really use words that I could understand. but they said… something about a small person. No, wait. A young person. Someone young, and they were… awake? Moving?” “Walking? A walking child?” ‘Yeah, that’s it. A walking child. There was a lot more, too. A lost fire, I think.” Rey’s face had gone pale, and Finn couldn’t help but step closer. “Rey? Are you alright?” “You heard their voices?” she whispered. “I didn’t know…” She stopped, took a breath. Finn felt her mind strengthen. It was incredible. He’d gotten kind of used to his own mind, and to some extent, Kylo Ren’s. Rey had a really strong mind. Stronger than Finn knew was possible. Kylo’s seemed… rather flimsy by comparison. Not that Finn had a lot of experience with these things, but- ‘There aren’t very many people who can hear them,” Rey said. “I… thought it was just my family…” “Your family?” Maybe it was because Finn was already reaching towards her with the Force, but for a brief moment, there was a window in the fortress walls of her mind. Swirling images of happy faces and kind eyes, gentle hands, holding her close, precious and protected. One face in particular. I’ll come back for you. I promise … “Kylo Ren?” Finn whispered without really meaning to. Rey stood and stared at him, her eyes wide and her face pale. She opened her mouth to say something, but just at that moment, the lights on the ship went dark. “Ohhhh, that can’t be good,” Finn said quietly, wondering if Kylo’s monumental ability to cause disaster extended to the mere mention of his name. “Someone’s locked onto us,” said Poe, staggering back from the cock-pit, his eyes a little wild with nerves. “It must be the First Order,” Finn said, his breath starting to come faster. “Did we find any blasters on board?” “There might be some in the back,” said Rey, gesturing. “We can’t hold them off forever,” Poe whispered, even as he began moving. The metal hull of the ship clanked and creaked, protesting as the ship was dragged through space. Finn threw open several doors, trying to find something, anything to help them. Rey still felt calm and solid, but Poe’s mind got loud, all of a sudden, and the things he was thinking weren’t pleasant. The interrogation room on the Finalizer. Cold. The First Order could not find that map. I’ll do whatever it takes. Anything. Before Finn could say anything to Poe, they all staggered as the ship settled, apparently having reached its destination. The blast door released, and the three of them found each other’s hands in the dim emergency lights. The feeling of Rey’s hand in his made Finn smile. Even if they were in huge danger. He wondered if that was going to be a problem at some point. Like now. The door opened, and two uniformed men stepped through, blasters in their hands, but not raised to fire. Finn realized two things very quickly. First of all, he had positioned himself in front of Poe and Rey without thinking about it, putting himself between them and the danger. Secondly, they weren’t in danger yet. Whoever they’d been captured by wasn’t the First Order. Mercenaries didn’t usually have such nice matching uniforms. These looked more like private bodyguards of some kind. “Halt!” One of them barked. Everyone continued to not move. “Is there anyone else on board?” “We aren’t armed,” Finn said firmly, lifting his hands, with Rey’s and Poe’s, so the men could see. “There’s one other passenger. An older man. We could use some help, some medical aid. We were attacked by the First Order.” The two guards relaxed, and after a moment of checking the immediate surroundings, they both holstered their weapons. “My apologies,” said one of them, an eyeshield blocking most of his face. “We didn’t know what to expect on board. My name is Captain Gallo. My employer was very insistent that we intercept this ship, once it registered on our scanners.” “Captain Gallo,” Poe said, stepping forward. “You gave us quite a scare. Not even hailing us?” “Actually, Poe,” Rey interjected. “They probably tried. A lot of the things on this ship don’t work very well.” “Oh,” Poe said, then shrugged. “Captain, I believe I’ve heard your name before. You work for Senator Amidala, don’t you?” “I do.” The Captain stood up a bit straighter. “He’s the one that ordered us to intercept this ship. He’ll want to speak with all of you, of course.” Notes: Jedi Kelik Tet stood at the front of the classroom of padawans and younglings, her eyes serene and gentle as she led them through the mental recitations and exercises. Anakin felt a bit awkward. He was the tallest padawan in the room, and probably the oldest, but he tried really hard to let go of his discomfort. He wanted to make Obi-Wan proud of him, after all. A youngling at the front of the room was standing, calm and peaceful, repeating back the first two lines of the simplified Jedi code. When he finished, Kelik Tet smiled at him and gestured for him to sit. “Anakin,” said Kelik Tet, her voice soft but still carrying through the whole room. “Would you please stand and recite the next two lines?” His first impulse was to jump to his feet as fast as he could, and say the words as loud and clear as he could. But he’d been with the Jedi for a year, now, and he had just enough control to make himself stand up a little slower, try really hard to speak calmly and evenly. “Passion, yet serenity. Chaos, yet harmony.” He can’t even pass for a real person, can he. Anakin froze. He wasn’t sure whose thought it was he heard, but it echoed terribly in his head. A real person? Blank face. Monotone voice. Trying so hard to act normal and failing. Poor slave boy. He’ll never be all the way real. “Anakin? You can sit down, now.” With a start, Anakin saw Kelik Tet’s kind face before him. Hushed giggles came from the corners of the room. “I…” He felt like he was going to be sick. “I have to go…” Kelik Tet smiled, and her pity hurt like needles. “You can leave if you need to, Anakin.” He felt everyone’s eyes on him as he tried not to run from the room, but when the laughter got a bit louder he couldn’t help but run. Run all the way to Obi-Wan to try and hide his tears in his teacher’s robes. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the Between series