Sandstone The walls and columns almost seem to glitter in the blazing sun, painted limestone and freckled granite framing the wide palace entrance set into hardened stone and brick. Images of history, old and newer, are carved into the rounded edges, stories of Gods he’s heard a thousand times in his many years passing him in a blur. Gusts of heat weave their way through the framework, sand tickling the tops of his toes and brushing over the worn leather of his sandals. Sweat is gathering around his wrists under the dried fibers of reed that are twined and twisted into rope, binding his hands together. At his back he knows there are a half dozen others or so, boys and girls, men and women, each with exhaustion and fear in their eyes. Clenching his jaw, Poe keeps his gaze ahead, sun-soaked stairs leading them up through wide arches and into an open chamber. The floors are smoother stones, the tiles nestled together and polished to glimmering perfection in their pattern. Above his head, the pillars stretch and curve into the vaulted ceiling, basins hanging from thick, treated ropes to contain fire for when the nights get dark. There’s an audience here, he sees, adorned in crisp, pale linens and jewel-embedded belts. Half a hundred or more flank in small clusters either side of the chamber, some holding cups for drink and others free to gesture and touch. Light catches the silk of hair and gleaming jewels, casting spindly shadows from persons and pillars alike, the angular tendrils looking more and more menacing the further forward he’s pushed. The soldiers who have been escorting their party pass him, the leather of their shoes heavier and louder against the stone than his own cracked pair. Behind him, he can hear the chatter of whimpers, the quiet shuffling of bodies huddling closer together under the looming eyes of those that surround them. Fear worms its way into his core, not unlike that which had taken him when the soldiers first laid hand on him that morning, but he keeps his posture squared and tall. At first there’s nothing, only a handful of moments moving along in silence under the gentle whistling of the winds. A soldier steps forward, making the trek across the hall and up another small flight of stairs. Curious to look, Poe lifts his head long enough to see a glimpse of gold, palm-fronds that have been strung together, and shaded bodies. But there’s a press of a spear’s shaft against his chest, and he drops his head again, breathing harshly through his nose. He cannot help but reflect, now, in this instance, the circumstances of the morning. He had arisen with the first band of dawn light, had dressed and eaten his meager portion of fruit and egg, before making his way into market. Trade was hardly the place or profession Poe aspired to be in, but it served well enough to keep him alive, and he couldn’t have asked for more. But then he’d seen the children—the same ones he’d sung songs with a few days before—huddled in the shade of a half-broken wall, looking weak and tired. Sorrow had taken his heart, and further still when he checked his earnings and found that he hadn’t made quite enough for a handful of dates, let alone anything of sustenance. And he thought he’d been quick enough, had slipped his hand into the basket of his neighbor’s stall long enough to grab the melon but not so long as to draw attention. He had just passed it into the hands of the younger child, whose deep green eyes bristled with tears and words of thanks when the hand had seized him. He’d struggled, and had fought against the hold, but a swift swipe of a shaft against his ankles and knees had caused him to fall at once. He can still feel the sting from the rock that had jammed its edges into his shoulder, the dirt still in his hair. All he had done was give a child the means to survive the night, he would have paid the man back. Even still, his prayers thus far have only earned him silence, unanswered and lost into the open air. There’s a voice, and Poe recognizes it as belonging to the soldier who had caught him, beckoning the first person forward. It’s not him, he realizes, as another brusque demand gives fear into the limbs of a girl. She shuffles forward, careful not to bump anyone as Poe catches her tear-stained face; she can’t have seen more than a dozen solstices, and Poe has half a mind to reach out and stop her, shield her, beg her pardon for her naivety. But she passes his reach and stands at the base of the stairs, and he lifts his head long enough see the top of them. At the head, under the shade of the fronds he’d caught a glimpse of before, sits Pharaoh. He cannot balk or stare for long, for the shaft thwacks his chest again, and he ducks his head as the soldier to his left comes and stands closer. The invasion of space puts his heart into his throat, and he can still hear the quiet sobs of the girl some paces in front of him, accompanied by the retelling of her criminal actions—swiping herbs from the courtyard gardens in the center of town? He thinks of her reddened cheeks and the dirty muslin that hung from her shoulders, and can’t help but imagine that her mother must be worried. The others behind him are murmuring, wondering and praying, and Poe can only offer a few gentle whispers of his own that the Gods at least spare the girl. She’s young, naïve and afraid, and there’s some deep, smooth voice that carries words like child and mistake . The urge to look, to know of her fate, is strong, but the soldier at his side has inched the spear shaft under his chin and against his throat. He swallows against it, hearing blubbered and cracking praises of gratitude and thanks before the girl’s tiny feet slap the stone as she runs passed. Freed, then. Her voice breaks with tears, but he thinks he hears her laughing until the sound disappears all together. The boy is called next, barely older than the girl. Poe has to strain, but he catches mention of repeat offenses, a woman’s voice chastising the misbehavior. He’s to serve in the gardens and repair damages to the fountains and statues. He will be free when he is done. With each gentle sentence, Poe feels the weight in his shoulder abate. After a while, even the spear is removed, and he breathes easily. The overwhelming lack of malice gives comfort with the notion that, at least today, Pharaoh is kind in his mood; if this is all he can be granted, Poe will take it with ease. He thinks of the children that he fed earlier, knowing he’ll never regret giving them another night, as well as accepting relief into his soul that these other children will not suffer. When he does hear words, they’re sweet, lulling on the edge of musical, though he can never catch them long enough to decipher. So often do the soldiers and accused speak that he has little time to recognize when anyone else speaks. Even still, the moments slip by, bearing trepidation despite the outcomes, and Poe finds that he is the last one standing in the great hall when the spear taps his shoulder. His legs protest at first, fatigue from the morning’s fight having made them stiff, but he eventually steps forward, the leather of his shoes creaking with their age. The people at the wings of the floor form an indistinguishable haze of fabric and brown skin, and Poe keeps his head down, chin tucked to chest until his toes brush the bottom step of the stairs. Here he is to wait as the soldier recounts his thievery against his fellow man, embellishing the details of the struggle until Poe is ready to snarl and snap back. There’s no need to, for the soldier is silenced by a hard, heavy, and deep “Enough.” A moment hangs heavy in the air, and Poe hears the footsteps before they come into his view. Rich, dark brown feet and legs wrapped in leather and gold descend a handful of stairs before coming to a stop some few paces up and away. The lump that forms in his throat is small, tight as it sticks to the walls, and he struggles to breath around it as the soldier nearest him falters and steps away. “Stand straight,” the voice commands. Hesitating only for the briefest of seconds, Poe squares his shoulders, lifting his head. His gaze follows, his curiosity and the demand burying the urge to pay respect and look away. The hips are covered with near-white linen wrappings, held in place with an ornately jeweled belt and other gold fastenings. A broad chest, matched with wide shoulders draped in a gold collar and leopard skin, take up the space of his sight as he follows the lines of a thick throat to a chiseled face. Though the cheeks bear the last traces of youth in their fullness, the wide mouth is set into a straight line, jaw clenched, and Poe looks up to see eyes blacker than he’s ever known. He doesn’t wear the nemes , or even the khat , instead preferring to remain undressed with a plush expanse of thick curl gracing his head. Even then, Poe finds he looks no less intimidating, a hardness in his young gaze that betrays some unspoken ruthlessness with rule. At his side is a woman with fuller lips and warm eyes, her skin as rich and matched with the Pharaoh’s glow, pleated fabric draping from her body in thin, flowing waves. She bears her own collar, heavy stone beads of assorted colors laid into woven gold, glistening and brilliant. Unlike her counterpart, she wears a headdress of black silken hair that brushes her shoulders, a thin band of gold keeping it in place around her head. Pharaoh tips his head, kohl-rimmed eyes roving over Poe’s frame with something he can’t quite describe. His Queen is just as masked in her opinions, her own steady stare lingering on Poe’s face. He knows respect should force him to look away, to bow proper. But the words are still ringing in the space between them, and when he catches Pharaoh’s gaze a second time, there is a considerable measure of warmth that had not previously lingered. So close like this, he can see the tone of his skin, impossibly smooth and unblemished, the faint color painting his mouth, the bone of his brow. At his side, the Queen is ramrod straight with her slender fingers folded together in front of her, but her expression shifts to inquisitive, and she takes a single step lower, closer to Poe. A few steps above, she’s a good head taller, though were they to be on the same level, he guesses, the level of her eyes would fall nearer to his chin, perhaps even his throat. Regardless, the light catches the endless depth of her eyes, revealing flecks of honey and amber at the edges, and he feels both empowered and small under her stare. Unsure of where to look, Poe keeps his gaze on her as she seemingly inspects every inch of him, sweeping across his shoulders, down his front. She makes a sound that encourages the soldier closest to him to place a hand against his arm, and he’s pulled a step back from the stair. Protests at the ready behind his teeth, they are quieted when he sees her descend the last, her head tilted up as she regards his face. Indeed, those endlessly dark eyes do come to just below the cleft of his chin, but he is powerless as she circles him. Her sandals are nearly silent, the only assurance that she is close by being the grace of her fingers—warm under the spark of their first touch—along the space between his shoulders. Holding his breath is an unconscious decision, chills involuntarily sweeping along his spine as her nails scrape light like tipped feathers over the swell of his arm, around to his front as she stands before him again. When her hand comes to his chin, fingers keeping him steady, he’s certain his heart stops. A trader, and a poor one at that, is all he’s ever been, but Poe can’t help his staring as the Queen observes his face as though he were spun from gold, the ghost of a smile pulling at the corner of her full lips. Her thumb swipes his mouth, beckoning him to open it. Obliging, Poe’s brow furrows as she stands close, humming quietly to herself before nodding once. Somewhere inside the confused beating between his lungs, there’s a moment of thanks that he’s still alive. She turns, the silk of her weave casting a plume of perfume his way, the scent thick and floral. Up on the staircase, Pharaoh’s eyes are gleaming and bright, his smile betraying him from his Queen’s approval. Her hand slides from his chest as she ascends the first step again, the shift bringing them at eye level as Pharaoh comes down to her side. Looking at them, Poe feels words brimming between his teeth, but his heart is in his throat. A command is given, the words garbled and lost in this muted sense of his being, but it’s not to him. Poe feels the hand of the soldier again at his arm, though the grip is considerably harder than before, pulling him from the stair. Biting back a howl, he shrugs away from the hold, the grip going lax for a breath. Frowning, he gives a parting glance to the King and Queen, having earned neither a final sentence nor a word of freedom. His feet oblige as he’s taken away from their sight, a thin blade coming to the reeds at his wrists, sawing them free in a single swipe. “What’s happening?” He asks, but the soldier remains mute, barely offering him a sideways look as he’s escorted from the chamber, through archways and under a large, elaborately painted rotunda. The curved edges are an unfamiliar structure, the limestone painted fresh and crisp, and Poe remembers through childhood eyes watching men and boys carrying the stones through the sand. They pass alabaster pillars, threads of limestone glimmering in the light that sweeps through open windows, nearly every inch of the space painted or carved with a family history Poe couldn’t keep straight even if he were to try. He loses track of the corners and paths they take, the halls that seem endless only to bleed over into new ones again. He thinks the guard is trying to confuse him, to keep him from remembering the way back, or out. It’s possible. If he’s here to stay, indefinitely, they wouldn’t want him to escape. And he’s almost certain there are infinite more soldiers patrolling, keeping watch of the walls, the gardens he can see between two massive columns that almost pain him to wonder how long their construction took. They do not stop here, and he’s ushered along down another wide hall before they reach an archway that grazes the ceiling. Sheer curtains billow, providing only a shade of privacy for a room that holds silhouettes of bedding, seating, pillows, and tables. Swallowing thickly, Poe spares a glance to the soldier before the hand on his arm eases him forward. The thin fabric tickles his face and skin, soft and silky like water. When he regains his footing, and looks back, the soldier is still there, though turned away and poised. Guarding. Keeping him contained. Clenching his jaw, he pivots on the ball of his foot, finding the main floor of the room he’s in now sunken lower than the outer rim. There are a number of chests and wardrobes, sealed and locked along the walls, facing toward the center. Pillows and benches are arranged, a pedestal in the center, the placement obscure in its dedication. Swallowing thickly, Poe ignores the way his stomach is flipping back and forth, knots pulling taut in his core. The room faces west, he realizes, as the afternoon sun begins to brim through the top of the arched windows. A warm breeze rushes by, tousling his hair, carrying smell of fresh water and salt of the sand. Basins hang within reach for flame when the day grows dark, though for now they remain unburnt, unused. There’s another arch, with its own gently stirring drapes, and Poe crosses to it, having taken the time to remember that legs are used for walking. If he must stay within these chambers until otherwise told, it would do well to know what lays within each room. And though it is no less grand than the previous, this one is half the size with smoothed stone flooring and lightly painted walls. Laid into the ground is a semi-deep trough, gurgling with fresh water—no doubt an offshoot from the river nearby. Nearest to the edge are fresh linens and jewels, an alabaster jar holding what he assumes is perfumed cream, and a small, open, clay jar containing what he recognizes as swabu . He’s meant to bathe? And change? Looking over his shoulder towards the main room again, Poe reconciles with some assurance that the guard will still be there in the hall, blocking his chances to flee. Slipping out a window is impractical, and with the heat washing through and stinging the sweat in his hairline, he resigns himself to the reality that he must stay. And where would he go, were he to leave? The soldiers who patrol the markets and villas know of his face; he would be unwelcome by his neighbors for his actions, no matter how well-intended they’d been. Gritting his teeth, he makes quick work of the thin belt holding his shenti in place, ignoring the way the worn linen frays at the edges, dust and dirt shaking from the fibers as he sets it aside. Carefully unknotting the leather of his sandals, Poe eases them against the wall with a ginger touch, before crossing to the trough. The water is warmer than he expected, though bumps still raise and spread their way along his legs and arms. The first dip of his foot leaves his toes wet, the first of many layers of sand and dirt washed clean. Kneeling down, he first slides his feet into the rolling waters, sighing as he watches clouds of brown and gold billow away and disappear into a crevice in the wall. He scoops handfuls of water over his knees and thighs, scrubbing first with his hands until he dips further, thankful that the stone flooring at the bottom of the trough is weathered. He will not fall, though the river’s flow does little to his balance. Standing straight, it comes only to his waist, and with time its temperature becomes comforting, the quiet bubble as it flows from the under of one wall to the next resonating like a hum. He soaks his shoulders and arms, washing away the grime of his morning before reaching across the trough for the swabu . It smells floral, much like the Queen had been, though not as strong. It’s sweet and light, and lathers after a while when applied to his wet skin. When he washes it away, his skin is smooth, the browned-glow from the sun unblemished or covered. He finds himself smiling, lathering himself more than once before letting the river water carry the mix and dirt away. There’s another jar at the edge of the trough, next to an oblong pumice stone, and when Poe inspects the mixture inside, he recognizes the scent of oil and sycamore. His stomach twists briefly, a phantom tingle coursing along his legs and chest. He’s only done an epilation once before, but the memory of pain leaves him momentarily breathless. Still, if it’s here, he wonders at the expectation of its use. Swallowing slowly, he scoops more swabu and cleans his face, lingering in the smell of flowers and herbs for a moment longer before rinsing. When he pulls himself up onto the trough’s edge, his heart is racing. He waits for his skin to dry, and considers going back to the other room where the sun, no doubt, is dipping low enough to cast bands of light across the floor. He could lay there, and heat his skin, but he knows if he leaves this room, the trough, and the jar with crushed bone, oil, and tack, he will not return to it. Humming quietly, he kicks his feet in the water, feeling the coolness run between his toes before easing a finger inside the jar. The mix is cool, sticky and wet to the touch, and he resists making a face before scooping some onto his fingers, smearing it across his palm. Pursing his lips, he coats his legs and thighs first, the tack hardening little by little before he moves on to the hair at his navel, up the center of his chest, and near his throat. Back home, he cleaned his face as often as he could, and he’s grateful for the stone at the water’s edge so that he may avoid applying the mix to his jaw and cheeks. He does use it to help the process, however, and within a handful of minutes and a few hisses of displeasure, the fuzz of hair that had covered his cheeks, jaw, and throat is gone, washed away with the rest down the river. The tack on his legs has dried, each moment pulling, pinching, and burning lightly. Gnawing at the insides of his cheek, Poe does his best to move quickly, ripping patches of the caked-mixture, subsequently taking his body hair with it. The first few are the worst, and as he gets closer to his inner thighs, the sharpness burns hotter. But the river is cool and kind to his abused skin, and he lets his hairless legs soak before digging his nails into the patchwork across his chest and abdomen. Each rip pulls a curse from his mouth, brow furrowed as blood rushes to the under of his skin, flushing each exposed part of him with heat. It’s nothing compared to the sting of a whip, he rationalizes, letting the hair and mix wash downstream and under the wall. He dips back into the waters again, cooling his trembling body. There’s still the matter of the curls that cover his groin, as well as the ever-growing waves that are starting to thicken from the top of his head, and coil around his ears. Chewing the inside of his cheek, he remembers Pharaoh’s uncovered head, the plush of hair that graced his scalp. Would he expect Poe to shear his head like that? Perhaps the reprieve from heat would do him well. No, he muses. He’ll wait. Bumps are lining his arms again, a quiet chatter to his teeth as he hauls himself from the waters once more. He has half a mind to lather himself in swabu and wash away the remaining memory of the mixture, but he’s already burned through half of that jar, and knows he’ll likely need it again sooner than later. Dragging his legs from the water, he scrapes the remaining streams with the flats of his hands, the heat from the stone walls serving well enough to settle into bones and warm his skin. Reaching for the fresh linens on the floor, he finds a folded shendyt , nicer than the shenti he’s worn for years, and a new belt, both hemmed with dyed embroidery. There are jewels embedded into the leather, the intricacy of their placement causing Poe’s throat to swell shut. A small handful of these jewels would have been enough to buy food for the children he helped for a full moon cycle. And here they are, instead, a decoration to be wrapped around his body. He helped them as best he could, he can’t be upset. In the company and home of the Pharaoh, he only has what is allowed. This, now, is being given to him, and he knows he should be grateful to be alive, to be given the chance to be cleaned and tended to. Whatever lies before him now, he should be thankful. But his fingers trace the patterns the jewels make, their seating fastened firmly. He will not be able to pry them easily, though it’s not impossible. “Pharaoh commands me to bring you to him,” the voice shakes him at once, a gasp leaving Poe’s lips as he whips around to face the source. It’s the guard—of course it is—who brought him before, face masked with indifference. “Why?” He asks, pressure flushing to the surface of his skin. He feels hot, riled, and equally uncaring that he stands naked and nearly hairless. The other man doesn’t even blink. “Get dressed. Unless you’d like to present yourself early.” With that, the soldier turns and leaves him, stomping across the stone and through the sheer drapes, out of sight. Present himself? Pursing his lips, Poe fights the urge to spit and shout curses. There’s still water in his hair, the sting of tears in the corners of his eyes, but he does as he’s told. The shendyt is soft, smoother than he’s used to, but he wraps it tight, the fabric silky against his bare and hairless legs. His fingers trail the jewels of the belt once more before that is wrapped, too, glittering in the warm light of the bath. There’s a stick of kohl close to where the linen had been laying, and he smudges it around his eyes as he’s done every day for years. He doesn’t need to find a mirror—though, truly, were he to look he might have seen the plated bronze set into ivory tucked into the corner—carefully tracing the tip for the desired thickness from memory. It’s smoother than the stick he had back home, fresh and free of age. Satisfied, Poe combs his fingers through his hair, shaking the last of the water free, before dipping into the alabaster jar. True enough, the cream is light, scented similarly to the swabu —if not a little heavier, and more of root and flower than herb. He smears a few fingertips’ worth of it over his palms, weaving it into his hair, the rest on his skin until his hands are dry. It will have to suffice. There’s a shift and he knows the soldier has moved into the frame again, even if his back is turned. He has half a mind to lash out, to make some comment of not needing to be watched so heavily. But he’s been blessed thus far to keep his life, and it wouldn’t do well to challenge that now. Resigned, he adjusts the shendyt once more, feeling somehow exposed even if he is just as clothed now as he had been when he arrived. He turns, just in time to see the soldier straighten, and huff. “Come.” Poe rolls his eyes, slipping through the veil between this room and the next, grateful that the soldier has taken the lead this time instead of guiding him from behind. The way back is, by the grace of the Gods, simpler than the way forward, and Poe is able to count the turns and hallways that bear familiarity. If he had been taken down a convoluted path before, it was certainly to keep him from fleeing. Perhaps, now, the assumption is that he’s stayed this long, and there’s no need to trick or deceive him further. Or, perhaps, he’s getting this all wrong. The notion puts a lump in his throat, and Poe struggles to breathe around it for a few heartbeats. He rubs his wrists as they walk, the memory of the reeds tickling his skin through sweat and agitation fresh in the back of his mind, his legs taking long strides to maintain pace just behind the soldier. Together, they pass under the rotunda once more, the afternoon light glowing in the stone and paint. If they weren’t blazing through, he might have stopped to admire it all. The chamber he had been brought into is now empty, a heavy silence laid over the stairs and the thrones atop the landing like a sheet. It’s strange, even in its peacefulness, though something akin to disquiet settles into his bones. He stares at the empty chairs as long as he can before passing under another arch. There’s another, smaller, rotunda that they weave into, following a line to an adjacent arch instead of the one directly across, and Poe can see the flickering of firelight casting shadows on the floors. The day is young, he muses, and in no need of fire, but crossing the threshold into the room that faces away from the sun, bearing the least amount of natural light—and heat—leaves him grateful for the basins nestled into small stone columns, near head-height. The walls aren’t as elaborately painted here, no doubt a testament to the darkness of the room. What he can see is aged, bearing stories that are older than he remembers, though the names of Pharaohs and blessings past resonate with childhood memories. Some are faded, chipped away and in need of repair. A hand against his shoulder bids him pause, and when he brings his attention back to the main floor, his heart finds its way back into its favorite corner of his throat. The room is small, dimly lit, because it is littered with pillows and plush seating, a number of bowls of fruit, and pitchers of beer and wine. The basins provide enough for Poe to see the Pharaoh tucked into one of these such seats, the furs and collar missing from his shoulders and chest even as his image loses none of its regality. He’s halfway to slipping something between his teeth, his smile bright enough to glint in the light; his kohl-rimmed eyes are dark, locked and unmoving from Poe’s face. At his side is the Queen, the fine silk of her weave gleaming, though it takes him but a moment to notice that her attire has changed. Instead of formal linens and her collar, she has adopted a kalasiris of fabric so neatly woven and thin that he can see her figure through it, a lighter chain of gold and jewels nestled near her throat. Her body is full, perfectly proportioned between the swell of her breasts to the curve of her hips, and dark beneath the near-white material, and he bows his head at once when she catches him staring. “Leave us,” the Pharaoh’s voice is softer here, though commanding, and Poe wonders briefly at his intentions until the soldier at his side bows his head, and disappears back through the arch they entered in. He’s not sure whether to take solace or caution at being alone with the King and Queen. He inhales, wincing at the sharpness of it; it’s loud to his ears, shaking and weak, his heartbeat pulsing beneath the surface of his skin. Staring at the ground strains his neck, but it would be improper to look at either of them without permission to do so. But then why would they have gone to these lengths to have him bathe, give him fresh clothes, and bring him back if not to have him in some moderate regard? He stole a melon for children and has been trussed up as though he’s meant to stay. Be thankful, he chastises himself, barely hearing the Pharaoh speak again. “Look at me.” Poe hesitates only a moment, before raising his head. Two sets of black eyes are watching him like birds of prey, though they’re each smiling. He doesn’t find this comforting. And, still, there’s that damned silence again. Pharaoh’s eyes remain on his face, while his Queen takes in the length of his body, the sweep of his hair, the way he’s wrapped the shendyt —did he wrap it properly? His skin feels like it’ll burst into flame under their scrutiny, an itch beginning to form between his shoulder blades that only burrows and burns deeper. He thinks he should say something, opens his mouth, but his tongue is dry and his teeth are brittle. Pharaoh raises a brow, and Poe closes his mouth again. A large, black hand raises, and Pharaoh beckons him forward. His knees are jumbled, awkward, and he loses his footing on the edge of a pillow that shouldn’t be on the stone, yet is on the stone—should he pick it up? No, leave it; he leaves it behind as he stands, close enough to see the extension of the kohl around Pharaoh’s eyes towards his hairline, the fullness of his mouth. The Queen is just as regal, though he can see the difference between her midnight skin and the slightly darker flush of her nipples. He’s staring again. She’s still smiling. He catches himself flinching when she stands, the suddenness stirring the air around them. The fabric of her kalasiris shifts as well, the center seam billowing, and he can see her legs and her hips, the hairlessness of her skin, and for once he raises his head to look away. Of course he catches Pharaoh’s eye instead, the corner of those full lips pulled with amusement. He can’t breathe, he just might fall over and die here after being so grateful to keep his life thus far. He gasps when he feels a hand on his face, turning to see the Queen stroking his shaved jaw. Her skin is impossibly warm, the touch of her fingers almost gentle and sweet. Her dark eyes reflect the glow of firelight, something in them swimming hotter than he expects to find. Mouth still dry, he attempts to open it, to speak, to beg her pardon for staring at her naked body beneath the folds and knot of her dress, but he doesn’t get the chance. Her grip tightens as she pulls him forward, and her mouth is on his at once. She tastes like figs, fruity and sweet, though there’s something heavier on her tongue that he hums at when she traces the line of his lower lip. The kiss lasts but a heartbeat or two, before she’s pulling away and letting her hand fall from his face. Poe wonders if he’s caught fire yet, or if this is some elaborate dream. He can only stare, dazed, as her smile returns, wider than before. Her skin is glowing in the firelight, leaving her like she’s been dipped in honey. Eyes half-closed and mind still reeling, he shifts and sways as her hand slides along his shoulder and down his arm. A twist in his gut desires to lean in and taste her again, the bow of her mouth smooth and soft. So swept up in her, he barely registers the shift beside them until another hand comes to his chin, fingers large and heavy against his skin. He’s turned, seeing Pharaoh’s face for only a split-second before his lips are pressed to Poe’s, just as full and warm as his Queen’s had been. But where she’d been sweet, almost kind, Pharaoh is that, and more. He does not force, yet there’s an indescribable edge to his kiss. It lasts longer, the trace of his tongue on Poe’s lips inching beyond the seam. A breath tries to take him, opening his mouth until he tastes the tip, a shudder wrenching through his body with a moan. He tastes divine. They break, a swirl of color and music flooding Poe’s senses. Under their hands, he feels hot and unsteady, blinking a few times until their image comes to fruition before him. He blinks, licking the corner of his mouth, before his eyes go wide. Wait, what. The change must have been immediate, for Pharaoh rears back and roars with a laughter that rings in Poe’s head. To his other side, the Queen is smiling brilliantly, her fingers tracing circles down the length of his arm. When Pharaoh regains himself, he’s still chuckling, tears in the corners of his eyes. “I assume you have questions.” Poe blinks again, speechless save for a quiet hum that leaves when he opens, and closes once more, his mouth. Pharaoh laughs again, shaking his head as his hands guide Poe towards the throne of pillows upon the bench, and he’s pressed between the two of them. Shoulder to ankle, their bodies are warm where he can feel skin, the fabric of kalasiris and shendyt smooth and neat. “It’s all right to be nervous,” the Queen remarks, her voice like a siren’s song, tickling at his ear as she weaves her fingers through the hair at the nape of his neck. He hums again, swallowing thickly. “I don’t understand,” he mumbles at last, glancing first to her. She is warm, and bright, her eyes roaming his face before he feels Pharaoh’s massive hand back on his jaw, turning him away from her. “What do you think you’re here for?” The question could bear mockery, but Pharaoh’s voice is kind. There’s a tremble between his lungs as Poe stares him in the eye. “I—” he hesitates. The fresh linens, the bath, being brought to this room of fruit, fire, and comfort all point to a possibility that he isn’t sure he’s willing to voice. He spares a glance to the Queen again, her naked body only modestly shielded by thin fabric. The hand in his hair is steady, stroking gently, while the one on his face is firm, but undemanding. He imagines those hands elsewhere on his own body, and his face flames again. “We wanted you the moment you were brought in,” the Queen’s voice is quiet, words rolling like a prayer. Bumps raise along Poe’s arms, and he sighs as she rubs the back of his neck. “Formalities had to be addressed, first, otherwise we would have seen to you sooner.” We , she said. He opens his mouth, but nothing comes at first. “I’ve never—” he stammers at last after clearing his throat. “Ever?” Pharaoh’s voice is disbelieving, his eyes roaming once more. Poe moans, cheeks burning. “Not with multiple people—at once. And not with a man.” He’s kissed men, women, and those who might’ve considered themselves in-between, nor none at all, and has never shied away from affections for people regardless of their sex or interests. But there were certain actions he never had an opportunity to test, antics that he wanted to try but only with the right people. And, of course, those people never came. Pharaoh hums, nodding slowly as his hand drops from Poe’s face. Cool air kisses his skin, and he swallows his displeasure. “We’ll teach you, if you’d like to learn.” The Queen muses. Turning his head, he catches the light in her eye, the sincerity in her smile. “And if I don’t?” Daring as it is, the question has to be asked, though he regrets it when he sees her expression waver. “If you find that this arrangement isn’t to your liking,” Pharaoh begins, and Poe is grateful to look away from the Queen’s face, even as his heart takes place in his throat once again. “You are free to go. Taking a piece of fruit is hardly worth slave labor.” Free to leave at any time, he imagines he’ll never find a better circumstance. Glancing around the room, he admires the painted history, the warm shadows from the basins, the threaded pillows and bowls of figs and dates. He knows he’ll have none of this back home in the hovel he shared with friends and strangers. He’d go back to selling wares for a handful of coins, scraping by as best he could. He wouldn’t be welcomed, though. He wouldn’t be trusted. There’s ash on his tongue as he glances between the rulers once more. Here, he could be wanted—at least physically, intimately. Surely, he might be disregarded on a number of levels as just a pleasure servant, but they’ve been kind to him. They’ve been good, and caring. And they’re giving him a choice—something which he didn’t have many of back in the market and villa. There, the routine was wake, dress, eat, sell, sleep, repeat. Here? This is a new world. “We would like it, of course,” the Queen’s voice breaks his thoughts, nearly a whisper as her fingers curl into his hair again, lingering, holding, “if you stayed.” He spares her another look, finding hope in her brown eyes. His heart gives a tug, twisting lightly between his lungs, though there’s an apprehension that lingers. He’s never given himself freely without returned affection, and while there’s next to no doubt in his mind that affections would be reciprocated, it remains different. The dynamic before him is new, unfamiliar territory like the distant dunes beyond the great river. Chewing the inside of his cheek, Poe looks away once more, staring down at his palms, facing up and unclenched. Any other time, any other Pharaoh, he knows he would be suffering for his actions; he would have lost a hand for stealing, or he would have been chained up somewhere laboring until his body failed him. And, maybe, there’s a part of him that’s afraid he’ll wake and be in just that kind of predicament. But even when he closes his hands, digging his nails into his palms until he’s certain his nails will open the skin, the environment doesn’t change. He can still smell perfume, feel the heat of sun-soaked skin against his shoulders, the weight of all-seeing eyes, waiting. They’re expecting an answer, but the words are lost somewhere on his tongue, unwilling or, perhaps, incapable of making themselves known. The hand in his hair settles against the back of his neck, pleasant and calm, while the other that had previously caressed his jaw lingers and trails nearest his arm, before retreating all together. “If I stay,” he begins at last, “what becomes of me?” He expects the Queen to speak, having grown accustomed to the sound of her voice answering his call and questions before all else. Her mouth is closed, though, her eyes moving beyond him to the man at Poe’s side. “You will live here as our lover, friend, and confidant. You will have freedom to roam the palace, the gardens, anywhere you desire. You will have your own rooms when not with us, as well as any accommodations to make you more comfortable. You will be fed, clothed, and the like. You will not go without while here with us.” Looking to Pharaoh, Poe searches for some kind of mystery, something left unsaid, yet there is nothing but honesty, sincerity in each word and phrase. He wants to believe that it is improbable, that there is something missing to this scene, because it is all too perfect, too glorified. But his palms are still sore, and the heat from Pharaoh’s body is too real, too much like the star of their sky, itself. Reaching out, he skirts curve of his knuckle along Pharaoh’s arm. To be their lover, and friend? The man is still under his touch, but when Poe brushes his fingers against Pharaoh’s hand, the palm is turned, and their fingers begin to lace. Between his lungs, his heart feels heavy and big, pulsing fervently as his palm settles against Pharaoh’s. He doesn’t sleep that first night, and he’s loathes himself for being grateful for the solitude away from his king and queen. The chatter in his mind hums louder than the bugs that sing on the river’s edges, their symphony pulsing beneath his skin. Even with the presence of a bed big enough for more than himself provided in the great open of his given room, habit and familiarity take him instead—he curls himself with only the comfort a thin papyrus mat laid out over the stone. The air is hot, almost humid with the promise of rains though the clouds are far away, painted rose and gold with dawn light. His shoulders ache, the press of the mat printed into his skin when he lifts his head and sits up. Exhaustion gnaws at his bones and settles into his gut, but the depths of his mind are still screaming. Dragging his knuckles over his eyes, he feels the makeup from yesterday smearing over his lids and the bridge of his nose. He scrubs harder. Crawling from his place, he stumbles across the room, ignoring the benches and pillows sunken to the center of the room, the basins of fruit that are placed within their reach. A place for conversation should he ever have guests—though anyone who would want to visit a poor thief turned pleasure servant is beyond him. The walls are painted, elaborate retellings of myths, legends, woven with prayers. There are a couple of blank spots, the stone barren in the morning glow, though he disregards them all in equal measure. The veil covering the threshold between his room and the hall beyond is still, gathered shut and shielding his privacy. He turns away from the hall, slipping through a separate veil into an adjacent room that he’d discovered the night before to be a bath chamber. Instead of the trough with the river water, there’s a deep well spreading from one end of the room to the other, laid into the stone, the lip carved smooth for easy access. There are no paintings or legends here, the corners marked with a handful of prayers for good health and little else. He was told he could call for hot stones for his regular baths, but he’s already stripping his shendyt and jewels, uncaring that the stillness of the water is cool, bumps prickling over his skin immediately. It comes higher than the trough, the tiles beneath his feet slick as water laps near his collarbones, the coolness digging between his bones, and he bites back the wave that threatens to seize and choke him. Dipping his head, he feels the water slosh through his locks and soak his skin, the creams and kohl running oily and thick. He brings his hands to his face and rubs, fingertips scraping over his nose, digging into the corners of his eyes. When he carts his palms through his hair, his nails leave marks along his scalp. Poe’s sputtering by the time he rises from the depths, murky water running off his hands and jaw. Shaking his hair out, he glances toward the edge of the bath, seeing a nearby shelf with familiar jars and stones. He swallows around the lump that lingers in his throat. There’s a small stone bench carved into the bath, and he kneels on it to reach for the jar of swabu . Water runs in streams off his arm, splashing against the floor and along the hem of his discarded shendyt . The dried clay is smooth the touch, scraping against the shelf as he takes it into his hold, a similar jar of tack and its accompanying pumice stone left behind. Uncapping the jar, he gathers the swabu across his fingers, squishing it against his hand before setting the jar at the bath’s edge. The perfumes are stronger, and it lathers easily against his wet skin, bubbling over the surface and tickling more the longer it stays. He scrubs it along his arms and shoulders, pushing himself from the waters to clean between his toes, tracing the length of his thighs. He rubs, rinses, and repeats, until his skin is pink, his fingers pruned and raw from the natron. Poe’s called to Pharaoh’s side the next afternoon, a lull in the day having given the king a handful of hours respite from responsibility. He dresses in a fresh shendyt , belting it with a wrap embedded in lapis stones, though he walks barefoot through the halls. Thankfully, he only has to stop once when passing another servant—draped in a crisp tunic with a heavy weave and dark eyes—to ask for the path to the south rotunda— the one with the fires . Their smile is kind, words quiet, and they bow to Poe before directing him proper. The knot in his stomach relaxes, but only slightly. Sunlight is streaming between pillars, the shimmering haze over the villa in the distance making the colors swirl as he blinks away the glow. Warm air tousles his curls, sand sweeping in billowing waves across the afternoon sky, swirls casting high up and raining down in feathery sheets. It’s beautiful beyond the palace’s edges, and when he rounds a corner and turns away from the markets, he’s greeted by the lush arrangement of the center court gardens. There’s a pond, with curved edges, homing fish and blossoms that float lazily along the surface, their petals cashing quaint shadows in the bedrock below. The waters are crystal, glimmering with the afternoon light reflecting off gentle ripples. Sycamores and palms provide shade and treats, leaves rustling with a quiet melody, Poe’s stomach rumbling quietly as he catches sight of the fruits. Sandstones and other rocks weave around the water’s edges, dotting here and there among tiles and sand, undoubtedly placed by hands but presenting as though they’ve always existed in these same spots. So quiet and peaceful, it seems so uncommon among a palace of livelihood such as this. The steady rhythm of footsteps tears his gaze away from the greenery and blue, a pair of hardened eyes steeling his gut and halting his breath. Faltering in the hall, Poe hesitates and bows his head to the patrolling guard, a mark of sensibility claiming him even when he knows the villa is far away. The guard says nothing as the footsteps grow louder, and Poe cannot help the clenching of his teeth when he tips his head and sees a browned hand coiling lightly around the handle of a khopesh . From his peripheral, he finds the guard watching him carefully as he strides passed, until he’s far enough away that Poe can be certain he has, at last, been disregarded. Breathing sharply, Poe purses his lips before chancing a look over his shoulder, watching with bated breath as the guard rounds the far corner, and the stomping fades away. Swallowing thickly, his fingers curl, hands knotting into fists so tight that he can feel the pinch of his nails leaving crescents in his palms. He can’t expect any kind of a change in a day. Having half a mind to turn and flee, to shuck the jewels and fine shendyt , Poe spares a glance through the pillars to the villa, still humming and swaying in the heat wave. The wide mouth of the sky is endless, cloudless, the dunes hazy and sweet. There’s sweat already prickling in his hairline at the thought of stepping out into the light, his toes digging against the stone tiles at the memory of sand. You are no more welcome out there than you are here . Biting the inside of his cheek, he swallows again, and resumes his walk. There are a handful of pillars left before the arch that leads toward the south rotunda, the gardens still in view to his right. He makes to slow his pace, prolonging the opportunity to gaze at the embodiment of tranquility before he must pass under alabaster and limestone again, and again. He’s nearing the threshold into the rotunda when white and blue lotus flowers catch his attention, green fronds lapping at clear waters that reflect shades of sapphire and milk. He lingers before the arch, making a note to return to the gardens before stepping through and into the southern bend. Here, the stones have soaked the warmth, a balm beneath his fingers and to his soul as he trails his palm against the curved wall. Stepping up into the opening, where the veil is pulled back, the fire-room is well-lit with orange and yellow beams of light cascading across the tile between the columns. The basins are cold, the oils within prepped for when the night rises with the stars, and Pharaoh is standing with his back to Poe, an arm propped against the stone, his gaze focused out to the dunes and distant pyramids. In the privacy of this moment, however tumultuous the rhythm of his heart may be, Poe cannot deny the grace in Pharaoh’s posture. The glow of the day paints him heavenly, his shendyt loose and belt thin, braided with small gems and stones. There are gold cuffs linked around his forearms, glittering bright like the sun’s rays into the pond waters of the courtyard. With animal skin draped over a shoulder, Pharaoh is strong and surreal. Realizing he’s been staring, the tension returns to the place between Poe’s lungs, a creeping and crawling kind of itch worming its way under his skin, weaving into his bones. Restless as his night was, the memory of lips and hands remains vibrant as ever, his fingers curling and uncurling from fists at his sides. The tips, just beneath his nails, are still tender from the swabu . As if sensing the storm in Poe’s mind, Pharaoh turns, his arm slipping away from the painted pillar as a smile graces his face. “ Imi-ib ,” his King breathes. Beloved . His heart is in his throat once more. Bowing his head, Poe plasters a smile to his face even as his pulse threatens to shake the framework of his body to pieces. A flash in the Pharaoh’s dark eyes has the coil around his throat tightening, and the man is crossing the floor in a handful of large strides. He knows to expect it, but his breath is still lost somewhere behind his teeth as Pharaoh’s hands come to his face, palms warm to his skin as full slips slot against his own. The kiss is warm, if not a little weighted at the edges where Poe can feel the grace of his king’s teeth along his lower lip. Letting his eyes slip closed, Poe’s hand finds the edge of the cuff, fingers tracing the seam between gold and skin of Pharaoh’s forearm. There’s a delicate beating beneath his fingertips, one that kicks and drums harder as the kiss deepens. Pharaoh’s body is hot, the bite behind the press of his lips earning a stuttered moan from somewhere deep inside of Poe’s chest, his cheeks flaming beneath Pharaoh’s hands. He’s hardly aware of Pharaoh pulling back, the heat coursing in his veins and tingling along his lips distracting him for a breath before his eyes open again. Pharaoh is grinning, the corners of his eyes crinkled with delight as his thumbs trace circles over Poe’s cheeks. A laugh bubbles, and Poe licks his lower lip, casting his gaze away. “Don’t shy from me,” Pharaoh says, the command in his words but compassion in his voice. Looking up again, Poe smiles around the knot that is pushing passed his throat and onto his tongue. “Forgive me.” “There’s nothing to forgive, imi-ib ,” a kiss flutters against his brow, and Poe hums quietly. “Come. Sit with me.” He goes to the bench, falling upon the cushions and into Pharaoh’s shoulder, a hand tracing circles into the nape of his neck. Wind whistles through the columns framing the room, though the breeze does nothing to fan the fire that is licking its way along his arms and legs. Beside him, Pharaoh is silent, his dark gaze focused intently on Poe’s face for what feels undeniably like an eternity. His touch on Poe’s neck is, graciously, gentle. “Were your rooms to your liking?” Such a polite question, yet Poe’s stomach flips. “I am unused to such luxuries, but yes, they are wonderful.” “Did you sleep?” “Of course.” In his peripheral, he sees Pharaoh’s brow raise. “Did you rest ?” Glancing to him, Poe feels shame coloring his face. “No, my King. I—couldn’t.” “I expected as much, and I am sorry,” Pharaoh muses, his fingers sliding up into Poe’s hairline. Sighing, Poe’s shoulder sinks, his bones relaxing as he leans further into Pharaoh’s figure. The words linger, resting like a blanket, and coupled with the massage between his curls, he might have muddied their intention, left to be ignored. I am sorry . “Why would you apologize to me?” Poe asks, forcing himself to look to his king even as Pharaoh’s fingers press into his neck, a knot unraveling beneath his skin and sliding free with a moan. “Your comfort is my priority,” they are above a whisper, skirting with a kiss that tickles the shell of Poe’s ear, a hot breath leaving his body tingling. “If you cannot rest, it is my responsibility to you to change that.” He’s so caught up in the hand tangling itself into his hair, Pharaoh’s lips against his ear, that he doesn’t catch the one lingering on his thigh until nails scrape lightly along the muscle and fat, the inside of his knee twitching. Glancing down, his own sun-warmed skin looks pale compared to Pharaoh’s color, richly dark and delightful, drawing circles and swirls. Opening his mouth to speak, Poe catches the line between asking for more and wanting to stop, teeth chattering under a sigh as Pharaoh’s mouth warms his temple. “You are not a prisoner here. This is to be your home, but I understand it may not feel that way now. I want you to know that I will do everything and anything to help you feel welcome.” Welcome. He has to chastise himself for believing it’s too good to be true, and his silence only pauses Pharaoh’s touch. The hand is warm, tracing the hem of his shendyt instead, though Poe can still sense the weight, each individual press through the fabric. His skin still tingles. “I will not ask anything of you that you are not comfortable to freely give.” Pharaoh continues, his voice warm and sure, heavy enough to leave no room to argue or doubt him. Lifting his head, Poe looks to him, to meet his eyes. If his years have offered him anything, it’s faith in the reality that the eyes are the wisest, most honest in those who are true—for a man, a king, so young and fresh, the compassionate promise of his words is almost painful. But therein he can see, within the intensity and the confidence that there is something desperate to please, and Poe stifles his surprise behind clenched teeth. Words are tricky, brimming behind the seam of his mouth, clawing at his insides with demands to be free. But he chokes them back, tearing his gaze from Pharaoh’s to admire the bridge of his nose, the arch in his brow, the fullness of his cheeks—bones high and sculpting. He is handsome and fair, inquisitive and bright in the youth he holds, even as his wisdom lingers at the edges. “You need time.” Poe hums, carefully regarding the gifts his king has granted him—patience, kindness, and compassion. The promise of a rich and affectionate companionship, trimmed with passions yet unexplored. He raises a hand, pressing his thumb to Pharaoh’s mouth as his fingers cup the man’s jaw. His thigh is still warm, long after the hand has left him. “For some things, yes,” Poe admits, stroking the bow of Pharaoh’s upper lip. “Others I can give.” “I will treasure your pace, and anything you offer, imi-ib .” Poe kisses him before any more words can affect his restless heart. Pharaoh’s moans are warm against his mouth, their vibration settling somewhere deep inside of Poe that he can’t quite trace. The press of lips burns, his chest aching after a moment, but he lingers and feels Pharaoh’s breath fanning along his jaw. “My name is Poe.” He misses the light that blooms in his king’s eyes. His days become commonplace, hardly as adventurous as his first but never dull, either. Meeting many of the servants and soldiers, Poe finds that remembering an ever-growing list of names is no simple task, no matter how attuned his memory might have been from his trade days. Often he’ll bid a moment of apology for their patience before asking again, making silent promises to remember them properly. Most of them are kind, or pay little regard to his errors. Others, often soldiers, pay him no regard at all. At night, he sups with Pharaoh and the Queen, indulging in plants from the gardens, fish from the ponds, saturated meats, and more beer and wine than he’s ever seen in his life. His first night included too much, and his second morning had been wasted in bed, his face flaming under the doting of his queen’s gentle fingers smoothing lavender and oil into his temples. To relieve you of your pain, imi-ib . He slept better after that. And he remembers the courtyard with the waters, the lotus blossoms, the trees with fruit ripening under the summer sun. The fronds provide excellent shade, and the quiet breezes that stir and press waves into the pond are better than watching the winds blow tunnels of sand and heat over the valley and between the pyramids. Though it’s hardly a routine, there’s a kind of expectation regarding his day when he stirs and rises on the seventh morning, rubbing sleep from his eyes before shuffling toward the bathing chamber. The stones are already in the water, freshly placed and steaming when he enters, and he lets out a quiet groan as he sinks down, first, to the floor, and then into the water. The day is young enough that the heat is a welcomed relief, though the sweat in his hairline begins to itch, and he makes quick but steady work of his cleanliness. Having found an appropriate balance of honey and swabu , Poe scrubs himself head to toe, digging into the roots of his hair until it’s sticky and matted to his scalp. The water bubbles and turns murky with the mixes; once satisfied, he hoists himself onto the lip, examining his legs and chest before determining that the roots are not so noticeable as to need the tack again, though he does scrub the pumice stone along his jaw and throat. Cleaned and shaved, he leans over to the far edge of the bath before pulling at a twisted cord, lifting a small slat in the wall of the basin. A quiet skirt of stone scraping stone bubbles beneath the waters, before the bath begins to drain down into a chute beneath the flooring. He was told it will wash beneath the palace, to be soaked in by the land and returned to the river. Perhaps there’s more to it than that, but it’s what he holds to. A quick step out under one of the many arches of his room and into the path of the morning sun dries his skin and hair in a handful of moments. His pace is leisurely as he strides to one of the chests, dressing in an undyed shendyt , donning a heavy belt with lapis stones and gold weaving. He opts out of sandals today, preferring to feel the cool stones beneath his feet as he collects a stick of kohl, powers and perfumes before settling down onto a cushioned stool in front of a slab of polished bronze, his reflection brilliant in the gleam. His hair is mussed, unkempt as he weaves dry fingers to determine its placement. Unlike Pharaoh, or the Queen, or most everyone else he’s seen, he prefers his natural hair, opting to keep it short and cleaned regularly to avoid complications or filth. There are options for wigs and weaves, but they’re heavy and unbearable to him, having spent so long keeping loose curls or a sheared head when the days were long and hottest. And, if vanity is to be concerned, he rather likes his natural hair, and gives frequent thanks to the Gods that he has not yet been asked to shear it once more. Humming quietly, he dips into a jar of mixed honey, oils, and crushed lotus petals, smearing the concoction until his fingers are a shade darker than before, brushing through the roots and against his scalp. To help with health and style, he breathes slowly until the aroma sits light and sweet on the back of his tongue, and he smiles as he tousles the curls further, shaking his head out until his hair is relaxed. He rubs the remaining mix against his cheeks and nose, where the sun has dried the skin, until it's smooth. Scrubbing his fingers on a strip of linen, he cleans his skin free of the mix, ignoring the stains left behind on the fabric. Taking up the kohl, he's modest with the lines he draws around his eyes, leaving them thick and neat before extending them towards his hairline. There are crushed powders that he dabs his fingers into, pressing the color over his lids to add to the pallet of his appearance, a blend of smoke and sky until he's satisfied enough to clean his hands once more on the linen piece. Poe reaches for a small bowl of paste—berries, honey, and oil—to smear over the full of his lips when a gentle voice sounds from the threshold of his chambers. Lifting his head, Poe looks to find a servant girl, far younger than himself and growing into her maturity. Her eyes are soft and wide, a tender smile pulling at the corners of her mouth as her hands fold neatly before her. Her kalasiris is a crisp, white linen with an embroidered hem, her jeweled collar glimmering in the warm light as she bows her head to him. “Pardon me. Pharaoh seeks your company.” Blinking once, Poe nods, and gives her his own smile. “Thank you, senet . Where might I find him?” “The rotunda to the south,” she explains. He has a moment of warm kisses, tantalizing touches, and he swallows around the lump to quell the heat in his face. “I can take you if you’d like.” “Thank you, again, senet , but I know the way.” She bows her head again, a funny twist in his gut leaving his smile a little more forced than he would have liked, and he watches her turn away and disappear into the hall. Allowing himself another moment, he opts out of the paste’s application, rubbing his fingers into the scrap of linen. Warm light streams through open arches and windows, shadows of columns casting long tendrils across the stone floors as he steps out of his rooms. The heat has not yet come in its fully glory, but there’s a thickness in the air that assures him of its impending arrival, and Poe decides to make quick work of his walk to Pharaoh’s chamber. There are few other servants or soldiers, perhaps many with their own duties to attend to today, and his mind wanders as his feet keep the pace, thrumming in time with his heart. It’s easier to answer the call of his king and queen, the rising tempo of his pulse little more than a drumming beneath his skin, tingling and fresh. They have been patient with him, their kisses warm and brimming with desire but their hands modest, lingering only long enough for him to take with him the memory when he sleeps, a pleasant hum in his bones. He wonders when that hum will turn to singing. Rounding the corner, his strides are steady and even as he passes the courtyard, the waters glittering in the afternoon sun. The gardens are bathed in a gold light, and he has every desire to step into, but he eases the want aside, before slipping through the south opening into the modestly painted rotunda. He can see the veiled arch of the room with the cushions and basins of fire, the skin of his lower lip tingling. Stepping forward, Poe reaches up to part the veil with his hands. Facing away from the sun, there’s less light to trickle through the arched windows, and so the basins have already been lit, the smell of oil and fruit thick. The air is warm, humidity from the river nearby dressing the stones and the breath that passes between his teeth in a faint, moist blanket. He glances around the room, finding the cushions, pillows, and furniture to be in their same places, their vibrant colors and decorations glowing in the orange light of the flame. He expects to see his king across the room, leaning into the column and gazing out upon his world. But the arch is vacant, and Poe almost misses the sight of Pharaoh’s strong back and proud posture against the royal sky. He blinks, taking in the room until he becomes aware that he is not alone. Instead of Pharaoh, he sees the Queen lounging on a bench in the center, her long legs stretched across the cushions with an arm along the back. She has abandoned her weave today, a gold band circling her brow and head, a similar expanse of plush, dark curl gracing the top of her head. Her kalasiris is the same sheer material he remembers, though the fabric is dyed a heavy shade of sapphire, and it’s draped more like water over her body. He averts his eyes, bowing deeply to her. “Come, imi-ib ,” her voice is smooth, the name of endearment buzzing over the unsteady beat of his heart, and he straightens slowly, “sit by me.” His feet command before he has conscious thought of walking, the steps down to her place quick and simple. She straightens, sitting up right near the center of the bench as he nears her. Sliding onto the cushion beside her, Poe feels her hand skirt along the top of his bare shoulder, her eyes warm in the firelight. “I was told Pharaoh wanted to see me?” It’s the first thing he thinks to say, face flaming immediately at how ridiculous his own tone sounds. The Queen hums, the quirk in her mouth betraying her amusement. Her fingers trail into his hair, and shivers roll down Poe’s spine. “He stepped away for a moment, but asked that I be here to welcome you,” she explains, her eyes never once leaving his own. He swallows around his heart, and nods once. “How are you this afternoon?” “Honored to be in your company, Nebet-i ,” he admits, swallowing his tongue when she laughs. She is heaven. “You’re charming, but you honor me too much. Leave those formalities for the audience chamber, imi-ib .” He bows his head, cheeks warm under his cosmetics. “I will remember that for next time, Nebet - i .” She smiles brighter at this, her fingers drawing circles into the nape of his neck. Holding her stare for a moment longer, Poe feels the seize in his throat beginning to burn, and lets his gaze drop. Hoping for a reprieve from the intensity of her eyes, he instead catches the swell of her breasts as they rise with breath, the curve of her hip, and he clenches his jaw. Her hand relaxes, though her voice rings with a laughter, full and harmonious as the stones reverberate it back. Lifting his head, Poe glances at her, wary. “If you feel shame, don’t,” she muses, her fingers burning a path into his skin before she’s gripping his chin and lifting his head fully, “if I did not want to be looked at, I would tell you.” “Forgive me, Nebet-i ,” he shakes his head, her fingers firm but undemanding. “You have desire. I see your eyes,” her smile is kind, compassionate, her thumb tracing against his jaw as her hand moves to cup his cheek. “We have been less than generous in helping you transition into this life you share with us, and for that I must apologize to you. We wanted to call upon you sooner.” I must apologize —he thinks she and their king must be a true match to grant him such courtesies. “Being a ruler is no simple task,” he jests, earning another, quieter, laugh. Her hand is soft on his face. “No, it’s not. It’s unrelenting, often lonely, and exhausting. But we do it because we have been chosen to serve and to lead, as were our mothers and fathers, and theirs before them. Sometimes our path is forged for us,” she sighs, sweeping hair from his brow, fingers light against his cheek when her thumb returns to his lips, “and sometimes we choose for ourselves.” His heart beats almost violently between his lungs, and he shifts to face her better. “Is it so simple?” She smiles, humming. “No. Regardless—I want you to remember you always have a choice here.” Blinking once, Poe hesitates, finding no reason to doubt the tone of her voice, or the way her eyes are wide and honest. Even still, he is a servant, having different circumstance and luxuries than he did before in the trade, the villa, but a servant nonetheless. She speaks of choices, though, and he knows his place—knows what he has been asked, dressed, and painted to do. One way or another, there will come a day, or night, where he will be called to the task of serving his King and Queen, to serve and service them. That is his duty now, and it will be his duty for as long as they are satisfied with him, for as long as he is content to stay. But isn’t it his choice to find pleasure in it, as well? To consent to what they ask of him? They are offering him a choice—they are asking for his permission, even knowing that they could simply take from him without objection or resistance. He thinks he should find the taste in his mouth ashy, but he can recall the figs he’d eaten that morning instead, and shoves the thoughts away with the rest. “I can’t expect you to wait on my every need, though.” He breathes. Her smile is infectious and delightful. “If I ask it of you, it is selfish not to share the same courtesy. You deserve as much.” He thinks his heart might surely falter, her words soft and her eyes warm. Reaching to her, he mirrors her gesture, the dark glow of her skin washing out his own when his hand meets her cheek. She leans into him, an audible sigh leaving her mouth as his thumb draws along the full and thick edge of her lip. Her hand slips and weaves into his hair, the tug of her arm drawing him closer until he can feel her breath pluming against his mouth. But she waits, her perfume thick on her skin, and Poe almost chokes. She waits for him. He stamps down on the rising tide of uncertainty before it has a chance to blind him, and he presses his mouth to hers in a chaste, and light, kiss. It’s enough to earn the softest moan from her, the buzz of it against his lips enough to tingle deep into his bones and settle there, firmer and more lasting than his best memories. She tastes like wine and fruit, and something less describable but richer than he’d expected. Poe breaks for only a breath before he kisses her again, and again, each with more vigor than the last, until he feels her open her mouth enough for him that he tastes the barest edge of her tongue where the flavors are sweeter. This time, he’s the one to moan, bringing both hands to her face as their knees bump. His eyes are closed, flashes of fire and berry dancing in the dark depths of his mind as he feels her palm warm the space between his lungs. If he were to ever have considered his path would’ve been to this moment, with the Queen’s mouth on his and her hand against his chest, he’s not even sure he would’ve laughed. A perpetual state of disbelief might have first consumed him, but then she’s tipping her head and kissing him harder, fingers twining into his hair as her other hand slides up and cups around his jaw. Wanting to touch, to feel more of her warm skin beneath his fingers, or perhaps the rhythm of her pulse under his palm, Poe skirts a hand along her shoulder, seeking purchase down the side of her kalasiris . It feels smoother than he expected, silken and light under his fingers, and the heat of her through fabric is almost as intoxicating as her kiss, sparks igniting under his skin with the desire to inch and be closer. There’s a fold he finds with his thumb, feathering circles into it until he touches bareness, the swell of her breast peppered with raised bumps as she shivers. He feels the ghost of breath against his mouth, her laughter bubbling against his lip as his fingers linger. She tips her head back enough to meet his gaze, eyes heavy and dark in the low lighting of the room. The silence that weighs between them is thick, his mouth running dry as his fingers twitch along the side of her breast. The Queen isn’t telling him to stop, or pulling his hand away, and the quirk of a smile at the corner of her mouth is— “You’re free to touch. You’d know if she wanted you to stop.” The echoing voice of Pharaoh leaves his skin burning, and he withdraws his hand from the inside of the Queen’s kalasiris . His face, he thinks, is flaming enough to compete with the lit basins in the corners. The Queen shifts away, opening her posture up as Pharaoh steps down into the room, his shendyt belted with dyed linens and rich jewels, his large, black hands slowly untying the knot at his waist. Swallowing thickly, Poe averts his gaze as a layer is stripped away, leaving only a modest strip of fabric behind. Even then, he tantalizes himself with a glance to oil slicked skin gleaming in the firelight, muscles defined with each step. A hand cups his jaw as his thoughts snap back into place, and he has barely more than a moment to see Pharaoh’s face before he is overwhelmed once more, a wide and full mouth slanting against his own with a sweet and dominating kiss. He moans, more reactionary than he intends as his lips part, Pharaoh’s tongue finding its way between his teeth to taste. He does not possess the same inquisitive nature of his Queen, taking initiative instead of time, but these differences only ignite a sultry flame in the depths of Poe’s gut. He smells honey, figs on the edges of Pharaoh’s kiss, and there’s a burning want that buzzes over his lips as the man pulls away, eyes glimmering with mischief and pleasure. Dazed, he watches with a half-lidded glance and a small smile as Pharaoh leans over and kisses his Queen, his hand cupping her jaw as he’d done to Poe. He doesn’t look away this time, watching intently as he kisses her repeatedly, earning quiet sighs and whimpers, his free hand undoing the knot of her kalasiris until the fabric loosens and falls, exposing her shoulders and breasts. It sags down around her hips, the curve of her waist pulling as she leans. His fingers twitch, palm tingling to remember the feel of her skin, to cup against her hip and trace up to her shoulder. Instead, he watches Pharaoh’s hand carve the path he imagines, palm cupping and fingers pressing into her breast, his thumb flitting over her nipple. She gasps, smiling, shifting her legs apart, the fabric pulling as well across her knees until it’s taut. Still, the material is thin, and he can see the shape of her thighs, could probably reach under and find her sex with ease. Poe glances up to find the rulers both staring at him, matched with mischief in eye and lip. He swallows again, his skin hot. “Touch her,” Pharaoh muses, his hand falling away from the Queen’s body. Poe finds her eyes first, earning a slow nod from her before her fingers drag against the back of his own hand, pulling it forward. He doesn’t object, the Queen guiding his hand to her chest, his fingers stroking the skin as his thumb finds her nipple as Pharaoh’s had. As the rest of her has been, she is warmer here than he expects, though his own touch is blistering beneath the surface as his fingers draw spirals around the bud. He feels her breath rising and falling, his own matching pace as his other hand comes to cup and frame her, his gaze lifting slowly to her face. Her bottom lip is ensnared between her teeth while he ducks his head until his breath fans along the space between her breasts, planting feathered kisses up her sternum, and down first to the right, tasting the curve with the tip of his tongue. She shivers under him as something soft settles against his lower back, circles drawn with fingertips against his spine as Pharaoh shifts closer to the both of them. His palm is warming against Poe’s skin as he takes the Queen’s nipple between his lips. There’s a flurry in the back of his mind, rumbling over and over with a gentle grace of pleasure as he mouths at her, circling the bud with his tongue until it’s pert, her pulse beating into his teeth as he drags them over the skin. Pharaoh’s hand is sliding up his spine, fingers tangling into his hair, holding lightly. Occasionally he’ll dip his head, earning an unintentional tug that prickles the skin from his shoulders to his hips, buzzing along his thighs. The third time it happens, he moans into the Queen’s breast. Another shift, followed by a breathy moan, pulls his attention to the Pharaoh and the Queen, lip-locked in a kiss far heavier than Poe has yet seen. Even still, there’s a hand in his hair, the Queen’s fingers fluttering over his shoulder. He chances a nip with the front of his teeth against the nipple, earning a gasp that’s muffled by Pharaoh’s wide mouth. Just like that he’s brought up again, breath stolen by the weight of Pharaoh’s kiss, something slipping under his skin and into the core of his bones and soul. It tastes like fruit and feels like a promise, lasting so long that Poe has to break away to breathe only to be swept up by the Queen. Her mouth is quiet, cool like a spring compared to her husband’s searing touch, his hands seeking both of them out as the world spins. And then, she inches away, panting around a smile, while Poe reels. Her eyes find Pharaoh’s, glimmering. “We chose wisely, love.” Poe’s cheeks warm again, and he plants a chaste kiss to her jaw, her breast still slick from his mouth. Pharaoh’s fingers relax to the nape of his neck, stroking kindly. “I’m grateful that you’re staying with us.” The words are honest, though Poe still pulls back to regard them with caution. “I thought my intent was clear before?” He asks, glancing between the two. “We wanted you to be certain.” His heartbeat is heavy, welling up in his throat like a vice before he chokes it back into place. The choice—the Queen had mentioned a choice. She waited. The Pharaoh waited until he was comfortable. They didn’t push— “Yes,” it’s cracked and weak, so he clears his throat and tries again, “yes. I want to stay.” Pharaoh smiles, a wide and innocent looking thing. Poe has half a mind, an itching curiosity that brims in the back of his mind, to ask his age. The cycles of the moon, the harvests and swells of the river he’s seen. Surely he must be young—younger than Poe, himself, at least. But where he expects assurance, or even confidence, there’s relief at the corners of his eyes and in the bow of his smile. “This is all right, then?” The Queen asks, and Poe frowns. “Why wouldn’t it be?” “Your apprehension is as transparent as my wife’s gown, Poe,” Pharaoh says plainly, and Poe swallows his tongue. Still, there’s that smile, “we recognize this is new to you.” He has to laugh. “You’re not wrong, Neb-i . But I learn fast.” Pharaoh smiles, though his eyes remain firm. “I know. But you, imi-ib , will not go without understanding for much longer. There are some restrictions, naturally, for where affection can be displayed. Courtesies, respect—” “ That is not unfamiliar to me, Neb-i ,” Poe interjects. “ Neb-i is appropriate in front of an audience. Here? Such titles are unnecessary. Unwanted, in fact.” Pharaoh presses, and Poe purses his lips. “What would you prefer?” “My name. It’s arduous, intricate in its crafting and worth respect, but for this I prefer Finn.” “Finn,” Poe repeats, the name rolling easily like a whisper, a secret, a momentary prayer. Pharaoh smiles, and nods. “Yes. Good.” Glancing to the Queen, Poe bows his head some. “And are you of the same request?” She smiles warmly. “Maz.” Finn. Maz. Poe lets out a breath, a sigh he wasn’t aware of holding, and the pressure in his chest abates. He mentions once to his queen that he enjoyed retelling stories to the children in the villa, amid the glow of firelight and the comfort of shadows. She shows him the library in the northern hall, endless shelves and cabinets of scrolls and pamphlets printed and pressed with rich ink all the stories and histories he could possibly imagine. He’s wide-eyed for the rest of the afternoon, letting his fingers trail over the dried papyrus leaflets. There is a cooler evening that Pharaoh graces Poe with his presence, the broad-shouldered man wandering the edges of his quaint room to admire the lotus blossoms decorating his tables, his smile amused and kind. He mentions that the gardens are always open, night or day, for Poe’s pleasure, though he must have known that already. They share a small kiss in the arch, the stones warmed from the day’s sun, and when Poe wakes the following morning, more blossoms are adrift basins of crystalline pond water near his bed. True to their word, they call him to the southern chamber almost nightly, lavishing him in affection as chaste as interwoven fingers and as erotic as wandering hands, teeth marking his collarbone, and nails dragging welts into his thighs. His heart still skitters beneath his skin, chattering his teeth until his palms are flat against their bodies and stilling their intentions. But they do not pry, or pressure, and often brush away his worries with deft fingers through his curls. When he is not in the library, filling his mind with stories and lectures of languages, he wanders the palace walls, and better learns the names of the servants he sees. Their tones are gentle, their smiles amiable and bright when he greets them; though the sight of the soldiers with their khopesh blades still weakens his stride, he squares and hails them as fervently as those who do not agitate his heart. Many of them barely grace him with a nod, though he has earned a quiet Well met . That is a start, he thinks, and, though he’s yet to make any real friend save for his king and queen, it is enough. The eleventh and twelfth nights roll by, his body and soul laden with drink and fiery kisses that still tingle along his lips and tongue when morning rolls around, the quiet tick of thirteen in the back of his mind. The sun is low in its wake, honeyed beams of light tickling the columns of his room as his awareness focuses on the low roar of shouting and marching somewhere down the hall. Lifting his head, Poe glances to the veiled arch, the voices too far to distinguish entirely, but the wash of heavy anger is not unfamiliar. Frowning, he fumbles his way from the tangle of blankets, rushing to the chest that holds the folded linens of his assorted shendyts . He’s lazy with the wrapping, belting it quickly, before abandoning his cosmetics or sandals for the threshold of his room. In the hall, soldiers are marching by, speaking in a fast dialect that Poe barely listens to as he slips from his rooms. They’re patrolling, an added haste to their step that twists Poe’s stomach into knots, and he takes the path around the back side of the palace toward the audience chamber. This much of a ruckus is bound to have an answered call, he decides, slipping passed other servants who bow their heads and ignore his questions. He’s panting lightly, skin prickled as another shout had sounded, louder and pained. It brings tension into his shoulders, a wince to the corner of his mouth as he slips through the arch, closer to the stairs than the front entrance to the hall. Pharaoh and the Queen are already seated high above him, their eyes focused on the main floor, his entrance hardly enough of a disruption with the clamoring that echoes to the stone ceiling. Huffing, he turns away from them, slipping along the wall until he has a better sightline. The audience chamber is relatively empty, no doubt the number of soldiers having deterred from too many on-lookers from staying longer than necessary. There are five in the center of the room alone, bearing spears, or plated-bronze khopesh blades and shields, semi-circled around a man who, hunched over and beaten, is still the largest Poe has ever seen. Covered in sand, brown dirt, and blood, the man has open wounds lashed into his shoulders, sides, and one that runs the length of his thigh, but appears to be surface only. Where the red has not soaked him, black and purple bruises have, marring his arms, chest, decorating his face and neck. Beneath this, though, under the heavy though torn leathers and linen of his garment, Poe can see flashes of skin paler than the moon itself, having undoubtedly rejected the sun’s warmth and tanning. Dark eyes are feral, scanning the room but only lingering long enough to add to the calculation of whatever fight must be left. Blackened hair hangs in heavy, matted waves, and Poe does his best to ignore the fear that is seizing his throat. “What is the meaning of this?” Poe can hear Pharaoh’s voice echoing off the walls, though his gaze first goes to the brutish man who nearly snarls at the sound. The man’s brows are furrowed, teeth bared, though with an unmistakable confusion in the depths of his stare. He doesn’t understand. “We found him causing a riot in the markets. When contested by another soldier, he ran him through with a blade.” Casting a quick glance to the soldier speaking, Poe bites the inside of his cheek, before returning his gaze to this pale man who twists from his kneeling position, looking back and forth and around the room, each time earning a nudge from a spear’s tip, or a stomped foot to usher him back to the center of the crescent. There’s a hollowing in Poe’s gut, the edges smoldering with a heat that riles his core and burns his chest, and he steps away from the wall, fists clenching and unclenching. Regardless of action, the man is scared, and only further riled by the threat of further slights. There’s another press of a spear into his ribs that draws a bead of blood, the red painting briefly over Poe’s eyes. He’s ready to scream out, to beg forgiveness to his king and queen for the defense of this stranger. But, then, those eyes snap in his direction, and he holds in mid-step. Wild, they hesitate only for a moment before yet another press of a spear tears his attention away, and Poe sucks a short and shallow breath between his teeth. There’s blood dripping onto the stones, staining the tile, and if the man hadn’t been pale to begin with, Poe would have questioned the pallor of his face now. Even when exhaustion creeps to the corners, the eyes remain alight, though he can see the hands are beginning to tremble. “We were unable to speak with him—he does not appear to know any of the common tongues. We had to apprehend him as best as we could.” Poe stifles a snort, looking at the relatively unmarred bodies of the soldiers still pressing bronze tips to bruised shoulders and bleeding sides. A wince colors the man’s face, and Poe breathes around his squeezing heart. “Do you know the cause of the riot you speak of?” It’s the Queen whose melodic voice fills the space, and Poe turns his head to see her, finding Pharaoh’s gaze on him momentarily. Heat floods his face—is he meant to be here? Should he go? One look back to the cowering figure begs him to remain. “I fail to believe a single man could have warranted this much abuse.” Bless her, Poe thinks. “He was nearest to the fruit stalls. Most likely trying to steal when caught, before attacking. He fights like an animal, Nebet-i ,” the soldier admits, casting wary glances to the man at the floor before them. “There were already scars and bruises when we came upon him.” “But you felt it necessary to bleed him?” Pharaoh’s voice is even and steady, the warmth Poe has become accustomed to missing from his tone. On the floor, the man lifts his head to regard the King and Queen, eyes flickering back and forth, wide and desperate. Swallowing the lump from his throat, Poe looks away from the small puddle of red gathering under his knees. “ Neb-i —” Pharaoh raises his hand, silencing the soldier. “Enough. Leave us.” The soldiers turn and march away, leaving the room open and wide. There’s a pulse, silence following a heartbeat as another drip falls from the man’s side, rippling the puddle that’s becoming a pool under his knees. Taking a quiet breath, Poe quells the stuttering between his lungs before stepping further to the center, reigning his apprehension in with the clench of his jaw when he meets dark eyes through a curtain of black hair. At last, with the soldiers gone, Poe sees something soften in the man’s figure, though he wonders if it’s the tendrils of weakness claiming the tension between his shoulders. Even still, anger and desperation are swirling in equal measure, the brow furrowed dangerously behind black bangs. He keeps momentary distance, hoping his face and his posture are enough to assure that he means peace. “Stop.” Pharaoh’s voice is softer now, no longer in the presence of those he must command. Poe is but a handful of paces away, and the man is still bleeding. “He needs to be bathed, and dressed, Neb-i ,” Poe says, glancing over his shoulder to where Pharaoh is now standing, one step down from the throne he'd been perched in. “He's suffered enough, and doesn't deserve infection.” “Let another care for him. Wounded as he may be, I would not have you harmed by him.” He thinks the sentiment should feel warm, but Poe resists rolling his eyes, swallowing slowly. Pharaoh cares, and that is blessing enough. But he's hardly afraid. “I can handle myself, and him, Neb-i ,” he breathes, offering a small smile. But Pharaoh remains firm, the set in his jaw chiseled, his eyes unwavering. “He does not know our language. He could misunderstand your intentions,” Pharaoh presses, taking another step down. To his left, Poe can hear an intake of breath, and when he looks to the man kneeling near his feet, he finds wide, weakened eyes. He doesn’t understand, his gaze shifting back and forth, desperate for clarity. But, and perhaps Poe is reaching, maybe he understands the tone, the lack of aggression. The stranger might not know the common tongue, but Poe draws in a steady breath, straightening his soldiers. If his life in the villa, among trade and traders from all walks, is of any service, he will have to call on it now. “Fortunate that I am versed in several languages. Surely he’ll recognize one of them.” Pharaoh gives him pause, and Poe can see the struggle in his eyes to remain firm even as his mouth betrays him with a smirk. With a bow of his head, he turns back to the pale man, who is eyeing him warily behind a heavy curtain of dirtied black hair. He holds a hand out, hoping that the man understands his intention to assist, but is met, instead, with a cold and grating stare. Poe doesn't want to reach further for him, knowing that it would only aggravate his, undoubtedly, already fragile sense of stability. But he worries with each passing moment that this stranger seems to glare that he'll be left rejected, or that Pharaoh will be dissatisfied and call for someone who could cause more harm than good. And wouldn't that just make everything wonderful—to be here less than seven full nights, and displease his King. He's ready to resign himself to the possibility that he will not be accepted, when the man shifts onto a knee, pressing the weight of his body into his uninjured leg, his hand grasping Poe’s forearm. His palm alone is massive, and impossibly pale compared to Poe’s sun-browned skin. Though a quick look to the man’s face leaves Poe reeling—his weakness only aides in his pallor. It’s quite possible that the man didn't need his assistance, though the way the hand squeezes his arm, Poe is grateful he offered. There's a shift and shuffle before he stands tall, Poe’s eyes barely coming to his throat. And Poe does his best not to balk at the way this man is all shoulders and broad chest, looking more like something spat out of a godly legend than from the womb of a mother. The change in height leaves him feeling small, his breath lost somewhere in the depths of his gut. Even with the blood and muck against his skin, he is proud and defiant, the rags of leather and linen doing nothing to conceal the chiseled perfection of his body. He does stare, though, long enough to earn a raised brow, though the man hasn’t let go of his arm. The palm is cool to the touch—logically speaking from blood loss, though Poe could speculate that the Northern nature of this man leaves him resistant to the heat of the desert. Even still, he has to remind himself to breathe, to fill his center before letting his fingers go lax. The man lingers, before letting go as well. The skin of his forearm is tingling where the man’s fingers had pressed. Nodding once, Poe beckons with the tilt of his head toward the hall he had previously emerged from, and the man’s eyes flicker first to the Pharaoh and his Queen before meeting his eyes again. Poe can still see the apprehension, the guard behind the depths of his eyes—more brown than black, flecked with what reminds him of amber at the edges when graced with light—though he doesn’t fault the man. He’s right to be cautious. He’s been through enough. Taking the first few steps, he glances back to find that the man is, in fact, following, hunched in the shoulder with a hand to his side to quell the bleeding that still dripping down his thigh. Bits of dirt flake and dust off, clumps of mud crumbling off his tattered leathers and linens, the reddened hue only twisting hot in Poe’s gut further. Clenching his jaw, Poe looks ahead, uncaring to spare a lasting glance to Pharaoh before leading the stranger into the hall. It’s empty, now, with not even the distant thrumming of marching footsteps to ring about. He’s grateful, taking the quiet chance to satisfy his lungs for abusing them for so long, keeping his pace quick enough to reach the baths but not so much as to lose his charge. His only solace that he’s still being followed is from the occasional grunts, hisses of distress, and the shuffled sound of weak steps. He takes the man to his own rooms, having passed another servant and requested hot stones immediately—he’d resolved early not to take him to the first bath he’d seen, knowing that the river water would do nothing for his wounds. The other servant had given a wary look to the bleeding, dirtied, pale man, but had nodded at once before disappearing. Entering through the veil now, Poe disregards the disarray of his perfumes and cosmetics from the morning, or the fact that his blanket is haphazardly tossed across his bed, slowing his pace enough to maneuver around the dip in the flooring. Gathering for the water, Poe thanks those who come with the stones, cradled in wools to protect their hands before watching them sink into the bath. There’s a heavy hiss, steam billowing throughout the room. He turns, words in another language ready when he stops, meeting the stone stare of the Northerner. Still clenching his side, blood staining his fingers and dripping to the floor, his gaze is enough to pierce between Poe’s lungs. Swallowing thickly, Poe motions to the bath, pointing to the now-steaming waters. The man glances, nostrils flaring with a breath before he looks back to Poe again. Inclining his head, he nods, smiling faintly as if that might possibly assure the stranger, that, yes, this is for you. Grunting quietly, the man shuffles passed Poe, through the veil, and into the adjacent room, possibly ignoring the breath of relief that Poe releases. Carting a hand through his hair, Poe glances to the swirling fabric curtaining the arch, watching as the man digs into leather and torn linen, the pieces falling away without a word. The man is naked before he notices—or acknowledges, perhaps—Poe’s lingering gaze. There’s dirt and marring, but whether clothed or naked, Poe is certain this man could be the most dominating, physically, that he’s ever seen. There’s an unabashed warming to his face, and Poe only tears his eyes away out of respect for the man’s modesty. A snort comes, whether amused or disgusted Poe doesn’t give himself the luxury to discern, as the man brushes by to sink into the water. He tries not to wince as he hears audible breath being leeched through clenched teeth, looking through a half-lidded gaze as shoulders grow taught, pulled together as white hands gnarl at the air, curling into and unfolding from agonized fists. Blood and dirt wash off in equal measure, staining the water pink and brown. With his back turned, the man can’t see Poe’s eyes wandering, the exposed stretch of back, shoulders, and hips laced in scars, recent and old. Poe tries not to choke, swallowing his tongue. The man doesn’t seem to hear him. Breathing deeply, Poe ventures to the corner to grab the jar of swabu , as well as that of honey. The wounds need to be cleaned, the skin buffed. He’s not going to bother with the tack—there’s no need to strip him of his body hair when he’s unsure of Pharaoh’s intentions. Were Poe to have his way, he’s request that the man be lavished in care, tended to, and provided means for a comfortable life. The man is hunched in the water, but Poe doesn’t need to see his face to know he’s in pain. Setting the jars nearby, he tries a language from the west. “Is there anything you need? Or want?” Unacknowledged, Poe purses his lips. The man is close enough he could try to help. Thankful he abandoned sandals this morning, Poe drops to his knees, slipping his feet and calves into the water with near silence. Reaching in, he scoops water into his palms, leaning forward enough to let it drip and pour across a pale shoulder. He’s not sure what he expects, but the enraged snarl certainly isn’t it, nor is the whipped physique thrashing in retaliation, or the beady glare beneath steam and sweat slicked hair. Startled, Poe shifts back, bringing a foot from the water and onto the stone, ready to flee, but his heart is beating with fire. “You’re hurt!” Poe shouts, the edges of his Latin rusty, the pronunciation sloppy from lack of use coupled with what may be a vain attempt. The man blinks, his mouth twitching like he wants to speak, but the shock is evident, and it silences his tongue. He understands. Sucking in a breath, Poe holds a hand out, defensive. Peaceful. “Let me help.” Whatever wall he had in place before falls, and the man speaks in rapid Latin. Raising his hand again, Poe shakes his head. “Slow. Please.” The man huffs, and Poe resists the urge to splash him. What right has he to be irritated when Poe’s only trying to— “Why? Why help?” Blinking, Poe isn’t sure which catches him off guard first—the nature of the question, or the low and enriched tone of the man’s voice. It’s haggard from shouting, fighting, no doubt screaming, but impeccably warm, a little soft, and he shakes the thought at once before meeting his eyes once more. He can think of half a dozen things to say in the common tongue of the land, but the man wouldn’t understand any of them, and he takes a belabored moment with a furrowed brow to work them into simple words that his troubled mouth can express. “You need it.” He thinks he sees a fleck of disbelief, distrust, but the man resigns himself to the reality of the situation, and Poe watches him settle deeper into the water, remaining within reach—if not, in Poe’s mind, a few inches closer. He turns away, battered back toward Poe, the ends of his hair sticking to his skin. Dipping his hands back into the water, Poe makes quick and gentle work of rinsing away the dirt and blood that hasn’t already washed away, making waterfalls with his hands over the shoulders and along the back of the neck. He doesn’t touch the man, not wanting another outburst or a fist in his face, but he knows that pressure will be needed to scrub away what the water cannot. Still, he pours from the cup of his palms, catching glimpses of scars and fresh cuts, and he ignores the churning in his core. When the water serves no more, he pulls back in favor of drying his hands on the end of his shendyt . In silence, he reaches for the jar of swabu , looping it around the man’s shoulder and into view. “Clean.” He says. The jar is taken from his grasp, and the man makes a face at the smell. “We have perfumes.” “You’re a strange people.” The man muses, poking a finger into the jar to feel the consistency. Poe rolls his eyes. “I have honey for your wounds.” It takes a moment to piece the words together, and he’s sure it’s not perfect. He bites back his frustration when the man remains impassively voiceless. He wonders, briefly, if it would have been better for him to be treated by someone else, and let another deal with the man-child’s defiant nature. But a heavy breath, and a pinch to the bridge of his nose abates the ache in his temples. No, it would not serve to shuck this stranger onto someone who might not be able to speak with him. Undoubtedly, anyone else would leave him to misery, or worse. At least Poe can try. The man is still prodding at the swabu , smearing it between his fingers as it starts to lather with the wet of his skin. His back is still turned, and Poe is undecided whether to be grateful or dismayed that he cannot see the expressions. Swallowing slowly, he bites the inside of his cheek, his hands clutching at the hem of his shendyt once more. “I’ll go. You’re welcome to stay in these rooms, if you’d like.” At first, he’s met only with silence, so he slips away from the bath’s edge, dragging water onto the stone before standing. Beads stream and puddle around his feet, and he dips away to turn and make his way out. He expects a grunt, or some other synonymous sound of acknowledgement from the stranger, yet there’s none, and Poe stamps down the disquiet between his lungs as he takes a first step toward the arch. Water bubbles behind him, a splash against the stone and there’s a hand wrapping around his leg, palm along his lower calf and fingers digging into his shin. He has to shuffle to avoid tripping entirely, a startled shout forcing its way beyond his teeth as he shifts, glancing over his shoulder. By no means is he a slight individual, but the man holds his leg as if he were nothing, pale and bruised arm bearing no effort of keeping him in place. The eyes are dark, widened at the edges as his full mouth opens. A twitch, perhaps nervous or apprehensive, pulls the corners, and Poe glimpses a flash of clenched teeth. He’s trying, and the hand falls away from his calf, almost like the man’s been burned. “Thank you.” Despite its preceding action, the words are quiet, said almost like a whisper. There’s sincerity in them that twists the spaces between Poe’s ribs and lungs into knots, and he can only nod once before turning away, choking on his heart. “Have you gone mad?” The words are abrupt, and Poe’s barely set a foot into the southern chamber when Pharaoh’s voice wraps around him like a vice. “ Finn ,” his queen’s tone is breathy, leaving Poe to wonder how much effort she’s spilled in consoling their king. She is lounging in her usual spot, her head in her hand. “He knows Latin,” Poe says, meeting Pharaoh’s eyes while ignoring his remark. They’re steely, though thankfully compassionate at their core, and Poe swallows the lump in his throat. He can still feel the Northern man’s hand on his leg. “He may not know our language or customs, but at least I have a means of communicating with him.” “I care not for what he knows, he could have hurt you.” “Well, he hasn’t yet.” Behind them, their queen snorts with laughter, though Pharaoh shakes his head, and at once his presence fills Poe’s personal space. “Poe, please ,” hands come to his shoulders, holding him firm as heat radiates from Pharaoh’s body. There’s something taut between his brows that turns Poe’s soul cold, his own gaze widening slowly as he watches mixed emotions flutter and pass across his king’s face. “We don’t know his intent, or his purpose. We don’t even know where he’s from.” Opening his mouth, a dozen different thoughts come to mind yet none of them sound satisfactory. Pharaoh’s hands remain almost hard against Poe’s skin, a kind of desperation in his grip that betrays something akin to fear. Meeting his king’s eyes, Poe searches, his breath catching between his teeth when the silence hesitates between heartbeats, and those enriched brown depths become an indescribable void. “Finn,” Poe sighs, and it’s only the second time he’s ever said his king’s requested name, less of a prayer and more of an apology. The void fills with regality, and the vulnerability he so momentarily bore witness to is gone, along with his king’s hands as his shoulders are released. “I need you to be careful. Please.” The words are hushed, bordering above a whisper that even in this proximity Poe still must strain to hear. “If you are to continue providing care for him, I need you to be safe. I want to know when you see to him, how often, and if he dares lay a hand on you—” He leans in, capturing his king’s lips with a kiss to silence his woes, hands cupping the strong jaw and full cheeks warmed from consternation. It’s a silly thing, really, to kiss the man to stop the stream of thought, but he knows his king will listen to or regard anything else. And the swell in his chest with each word, the brimming promise of repercussions should their newest guest cause harm, is more than Poe can handle. Any more, and he might have burst. Expecting a grace of tongue, he’s met instead with modesty, the chaste quality of Pharaoh’s mouth slotted against his own a welcome surprise to the usual flurry of heat and want he’s so often met with. Lingering, Poe relishes in this kind of gentility, feeling the fingers tightening in his hair, a palm warming his hip before circling to the small of his back. A step closer and his chest bumps against Pharaoh’s, a stuttered rhythm finding his own heartbeat. He tastes sweet, something fruity and light, and not at all the heavy tartness of figs or wine. Finding that the flavor is decadent, Poe opens his mouth wider, an invitation for his king that is accepted almost immediately, and he moans quietly as his tongue is met with Pharaoh’s. Fingers curl, pulling at his hair and sending shivers down his spine that coil and dig into his gut, his core beginning to ache. The need for breath consumes him, and he presses his forehead to Pharaoh’s, lips burning as he is chased and nipped. “You worry too much,” Poe sighs, feeling Pharaoh smile under his hands. “I’m afraid I don’t worry enough, sometimes,” Pharaoh admits, planting another kiss to Poe’s mouth. “Be careful with him.” “Of course.” It’s the first night Poe stays with Pharaoh and the Queen, an unspoken but appreciated understanding that he lays between them without wanton intention, their bodies warmer than the afternoon sun on either side of him. He sleeps little, the first few hours a strange state of floating aimlessly in the dark, their heartbeats akin to the drumming that boils in his bones. The sun hasn’t even risen, the faint wash of rose and honey smearing into the sky when he slips away. He’s quiet enough not to disturb their slumber, listening intently to their breath for the slightest changes. When there are none, he redresses in his shendyt and belt, and slinks into the hall. Most of the paths are still dark, only the occasional patrol to pass him by as he retreats from the southern point towards the eastern hall. A handful of torches and basins are lit, lining every dozen yards even as the dawn light begins to trickle between columns and pillars, limestone glittering among the bands of painted carvings. In the lull like this, there is peace, and he breathes slowly. He thinks of the stranger, the pale and battered body that may yet be resting in his room. Pharaoh had taken unkindly to the idea that the man was in Poe’s place of comfort, but Poe had been defiant, begging his king for an alternative solution so quickly. His queen had laughed as Pharaoh opened and closed his mouth, huffing loudly. Truly, though, where would the man have gone? The palace has the room to spare, but to shuck him into one and be done with him would be unfair. Unconventional as it had been, Poe had been spared better kindness on such short notice; to offer less to another simply because he happened to be part of a brawl was degrading. Still, there is a creeping and itching fear that, upon his return, the man will not be there. And what then could he do, or say, to appease Pharaoh, knowing that their “guest” had wandered away and vanished while the night slept? With each step towards the east, towards his own rooms with their pillows, the fruits and furs facing the rise of the morning, tension swells and grows thick in his throat. Rounding another corner, he passes a pair of guards, their blades belted at their hips and their wraps drawn tight, uniform and clean. He bows his head in kindness, keeping his strides quick and even. He feels their eyes more than he sees them, doesn’t earn the gentle Morning he has from others, and sighs heavily when the strain in his lungs proves too much to contain, thankful that the hall is short, and the distance from his rooms less so. Leaning into the corner, out of sight, he spares himself a moment to sink into the stone and breathe. The wall is cool, untouched by the sun, and he gazes out to the dunes and distant valley becoming gold, spun by the whirl of wind that carries away the rose and violet hues of the fading dark. Serene and beautiful as it is, the hush of the hall only burrows deeper into the unsettling pressure in his bones. The world of royalty sleeps, while that far away villa and life begins to rise, unrelenting in its routine with the coming glow of the day. Clenching his jaw, he tears his eyes away from the sand, looking in through the pillars and down the stretch. He can see the veil that shields his rooms, the edge of the threshold that remains shadowed even as light begins to bleed in. Quiet, or empty, he won’t know until he sees, so he steels himself and presses onward, palms digging into the stone until he’s walking. And then twenty paces are ten, and five, and his hands are trailing between the lines where the stones are cemented together from time and weight, his nails catching a chip as a breeze opens the veil to him. It’s poetic, he supposes. The fires are out, whether from dried oil or from another’s volition, he doesn’t know, but he steps through the arch. The furniture remains as it had been the day before, the sun peeking between the columns across the room. His gaze sweeps first to the bed, made up and unoccupied, and he ignores the way his chest grows cold. His wardrobe is untouched, the table of his cosmetics and perfumes haphazardly displayed as he’d left them. Ready to release the breath he’s holding, Poe swallows the lump that’s already formed, turning away from the far corner of the room when a shift catches his attention. Light spills across the center, its rays just brushing the top of a cream-white shoulder. Curled into a ball, in a fitful sleep, the stranger’s hair is draped in gnarled waves around his face, arms folded in against his chest and his knees drawn up. An occasional tremor wracks him, the lack of cover exposing him to the night’s chill. He looks small, the low and steady huff of his breath interrupted every few moments by a hum. It takes another moment to realize that the man is naked, having never redressed after his bath the day before, and, Gods , how long has he been in here like this? Pain lashes through him, cutting ribbons between his ribs, and Poe does hit best not to choke on a breath when another shiver wracks muscle and limb. Veiled by black hair, he sees a full mouth pursed into a thin line. Biting his cheek, Poe hurries across the room, keeping his steps light enough to minimize his sound. His fingers curl at the blanket draped over his bed, pulling it free with a hush. Its ends drag against the stone as he tiptoes down into the center, maneuvering slowly around cushion and edge of fur until he’s near the man. With the hair tossed over his face, Poe can’t see the change, the way the expression hardens with consciousness. He doesn’t hear the low pattern of breathing halt, intent on bringing the blanket over the stranger’s huddled form without too much interruption. Pursing his lips, he leans, bringing the fabric over elbow and shoulder, his fingers leaving the barest trace against skin. The jerk of the shoulder away from his touch startles him enough that he falters back, his foot skirting against the fur as he falls. Blessed as he could be, he lands mostly against cushions, though his elbow and forearm catch the lip of the bottom stair. He’s learned to swallow pain before, few and, thankfully, far between memories of a whip gracing his back or thighs for insolence in the markets. Poe bites his tongue and groans, tasting iron as he inhales deeply through his nose. The stranger shifts, pulling further away from him, the blanket tangled around his legs. Those dark eyes remain narrowed, wide at the edges, the mouth a hard line of disdain. Swallowing, Poe ignores the mild taste of blood. “I’m sorry, you seemed cold.” He hisses, uncaring for the way his tone sharpens with each rusted word. “Forgive me for trying to warm you.” There’s no response beyond the stranger’s unwavering stare, the light of the morning haloing dark locks, honeying their ends. Licking his lips, Poe eases off his injured arm, testing the tenderness as he bends and shifts, knowing it will darken with bruising. He has powders to conceal its extremity, but the impending concern, and undoubtable wrath, of Pharaoh is one he will not be able to ignore. Looking to the man again, Poe finds that his position hasn’t changed, his eyes unblinking. Raising a brow, Poe gathers himself to his knees. “Are you hungry?” Nothing, and he doesn’t hide the roll of his eyes. “You can either eat now, or not for another several hours. You choose.” It’s a quick slip, but the hardened resolve shifts, weakens, and for a moment Poe sees something of hesitation in the man’s eyes. He ignores the pulsing in his arm, slowly rising to his feet. Extending his left hand to the stranger, he meets dark eyes again, and tries to remain passive. The gaze wavers, first to his palm and then back to his face. His own words are mulling around in his mind, and Poe bites his cheek at the reality that this man hasn’t eaten since arrival. And here he is, threatening to starve him further, while then expecting the man to take his hand? Foolish . Ready to drop his palm, Poe watches as the man shifts and rises, letting the blanket fall away into a pool at his ankles, his body tall and proud as the sun halos his skin. A shiver races its way through his spine, and he has to tilt his head to meet the man’s eyes, but there’s steel in his core and fire in his bones. He will not become small in this man’s presence, even as guilt gnaws him from inside out. Breathing slowly, Poe nods slowly, bowing his head to look the man up and down once, his gut twisting at the sight of scars lacing his thighs, some cutting so far up the inside that he has to tear himself away from the glimpse of dark curls and soft flesh. Proud man , he muses, swallowing slowly before meeting the Northerner’s gaze again. Opening his mouth, he begins to speak, hesitating briefly as he catches the barest hint of a smile on the man’s mouth. It’s gone with a blink. “I suppose I should find you clothes.” He tries, mumbling the words that garble his tongue. “I suppose you should.” The stranger’s voice is thick, rich and baritone, his expression deadpan as his eyes glint. His pronunciation is clear and crisp, the drawl of his tone slow enough that Poe commits the sounds to memory, prepared to hum them later. Raising a brow, Poe huffs quietly. “They will not be what you’re used to.” “I’ll adapt.” Snorting, Poe shakes his head, muttering in the comfort of his common tongue. “I’m sure.” If the stranger has an opinion of his language change, he says nothing. Turning away, Poe wanders across the room, away from the inlaid floor with the furs, and to the wardrobe and chest tucked into the walls. He’s thankful that the shendyts tucked away bear extra fabric to accommodate the width of the stranger’s hips, though the belts may be another story. Still, he rifles through the folded bundles, fingers tracing the ones dipped in dyes and embedded with jewels, the finer linens and foreign patterns intended for richer affairs. Withdrawing a plainer wrap with a dyed hem, he turns and produces it for the stranger, earning less than a hum of acceptance. “Would you like my help?” Poe offers in Latin, biting back the sharp edges in favor of slowing the words to mull and correct their shape. The man glances at him, and while the lack of response is less than ideal, he isn’t rejecting Poe outright, either. “I can show you with mine.” This time, he nods, and Poe holds the linen out with a hand. A single moment separation before the man reaches out and takes the wraps from Poe’s grasp, the two of them somehow careful enough not to touch. Nodding once, Poe frees the belt and knot of his own shendyt , ignoring the unruly throb of his pulse against his ribs. Baring himself to the stranger, he holds the ends of the fabric in both palms, the first half draped along the back of his thighs. When the stranger mimics, Poe carefully walks him through the proper method of wrapping and tucking the folds, keeping them snug and light against the skin. It takes a second try for the linen to fit appropriately, though not without Poe assuring the man that he bears no ill-will before bringing in the final tuck with his own hands. The pale flesh of his abdomen is cool, and taut, and Poe’s fingers only skim it lightly as he adjusts the shendyt before it sits right. Stepping back, Poe nods once, satisfied with the man’s dressing, and fervently avoiding his looming gaze. Head bowed as Poe admires the knot, he swallows the lump in his throat before speaking, quietly. “I’m sorry.” The man before him remains stoic and silent, though a tilted head prompts Poe to explain. “I never returned, or insured that you would have food.” He muses, chancing a moment to lift his gaze to the stranger’s. Still somber, though not quite as devastatingly indignant. “It was unkind of me.” “I live.” The man’s voice is careful, any previous presence of cutting severity momentarily vacant. “Comfortably?” Poe presses, raising a brow. Dark brown eyes waver, and look away. “Just as I thought.” Turning away, Poe bends and shuts the chest containing the other linens, before rising again. Having taken the man into his charge, there’s a kind of obligation to tend to his well-being, and having thus far ignored basic necessities such as clothing and food already strikes him wrong. Shame bubbles in his core, boiling in his bones until he’s itching at the skin of his arm to relieve the stress, and he sighs again. “Come,” he says, motioning to the veiled threshold of the room, “the day is young. Fewer eyes, and first pickings.” He starts to go, the gentle tapping of his bare feet against the stone betraying the truth that his companion is not following. Lingering in the arch, Poe turns and glances to the man, a sharp twist to his heart serving as his only gift to the sight of the pale stranger’s afflicted expression. “Have I offended you?” Poe offers, breathing lightly around the rawness. “You apologize to me when I have caused you pain,” his eyes are on Poe’s arm, even as the discoloring is turned away. “Why do you care?” Perhaps he shouldn’t, Poe wonders, pondering the words with brief but adamant consideration. Unfamiliar to the land and its people, this stranger could pose as a threat to his livelihood, and that of his king and queen. Yet, insofar as he’s borne witness, the man has been beaten, left cold and alone without another to come after him. And, if the occasional sightings of emotion in his eyes have betrayed anything, it’s that he’s scared. Leaning into the stone of the wall, Poe glances first to the morning light that fills his room, the impending wave of warmth that will soon follow with another glorious mid-year day. The sands will be hot, the waters cool, and life will move on. “I care because everyone deserves a second chance—or a first. You might have done wrong, I don’t know. But you deserve an opportunity to do right.” He meets the stranger’s eyes, finding them wide, though guarded. “You don’t know me.” Chuckling, Poe eases off the stone work, and opens the veil with a hand. “I’d like to, if you’ll allow me.” He wonders if there will always be lost moments between them, heartbeats and breaths of time where their eyes meet but words have stopped, even while the world and the stars still move. Further, if there’s a chance that the man’s all-consuming smolder will linger for life, he supposes he should prepare, and learn to accept the trepidation that seizes him. Watching as the man crosses the floor, and slips through the veil, Poe grants himself the small victory of his own second chance before following him into the hall. Notes: Not entirely sure how long this is gonna be, but strap in for a ride, if ya don't mind ;D Additionally, big fat fucking thank you to my muse and dear friend, AquaWolfGirl. Without her none of this would even be happening, or be even remotely as worthwhile. She is the moon of my life. <3 Terms! nemes - tied, striped head cloth worn by Pharaohs khat - open head cloth, non-striped, worn by Pharaohs swabu - a paste containing ash, clay, and often scented; the equivalent of soap shenti - a kilt-like cloth worn at the waist, often by peasants shendyt - a kilt-like cloth worn at the waist and extended to the knees, often worn by commoners to Pharaohs kalasiris - a sheath dress worn by women, often with one or two straps for the shoulders; class status determines any possible embellishment, or additions such as capes and shawls khopesh - the curved, bronze blades used by soldiers Imi-ib - "Beloved" senet - "sister" Nebet-i - "My Lady" Neb-i - "My Lord"