"Bring him to me for...punishment." Kylo knew that the Supreme Leader's punishment wasn't going to be anything pleasant. Still, the tortured screams that echoed down the halls of the Finalizer were a surprise; he'd expected Snoke to use the Force to get into Hux's mind and cause some anguish, but nothing that would cause noise. Most personnel were avoiding the nearby rooms and corridors for the two hours since the screams started, but there were stormtroopers required to make their rounds in front of the door that Kylo stood next to. He could sense their extreme discomfort and what could be considered sympathy, and they hurried past as fast as they could. Another piercing shriek cut through the air, and Kylo didn't flinch, but he came close. He'd steadfastly kept his mind out of the room he was guarding, not wanting to interfere with Snoke's punishment. In addition, he and Hux weren't anywhere near friends; they co-commanded the Finalizer together, but their relationship was filled with snide insults and icy glares. He didn't really care for Hux (truthfully, he didn't) but he didn't want Snoke to kill him. Who else would yell at him over a decimated control panel? Phasma? Not even she was so brave. No, Hux needed to live. Steeling his resolve, Kylo turned and opened the door panel, finally allowing himself to access the swirling Force inside the room. He nearly toppled over. Rage, fury, hatred, fear, agony, and a million other vibrant emotions bashed into him, filling his ears with static and making his vision blurry for a moment. Snoke's physical voice was silent, but Kylo could hear him through the Force clear as day; loathsome insults, shameful slurs, reminders of past failures brought to light. Hux was kneeling in the center of the room underneath Snoke's hologram, leaned forward with his hands clutching his temples and his forehead pressed to the smooth metal floor. He was screaming, still, after several hours, his voice hoarse and jagged, tears streaming down his red face and mixing with the blood dripping from his nose. "Ah, Kylo. Come to see the show?" "Supreme Leader, what--what is your goal?" This actually made Snoke stop his ministrations for a second. "My goal, Kylo, is to instill a sense of fear over our dear General. Though, not General for much longer, I presume. It appears that he does not understand the magnitude of his failure with Starkiller; he failed me, and so he must bear the consequences." Hux was whimpering on the floor now, pitiful little moans slipping from his mouth as he panted. Kylo risked a glance at the pale figure before looking back at his Master. "It's been hours, Supreme Leader. He's learned." Snoke's hologram sat back, eyes sharp. "Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, telling me that someone has had enough punishment? Why speak up for this weak, pathetic man? He's allowed a failure the likes of which we haven't seen since the fall of the Empire itself. He doesn't deserve respite." "It's been hours, Supreme Leader, I--" "Silence!" The word was punctuated with a strong wave of power, making Kylo's knees go weak before he steadied himself. Hux let out a low groan of pain, finally laying on his side, locks of dull red hair falling into his eyes. Snoke towered over them, gnarled hands gripping the arms of his throne tightly. He studied Kylo for a still minute, the Knight barely even breathing as he stared back at his Master. "Fine. Take him back to his quarters for the night. Tomorrow, kill him and dump his body into the nearest sun." The hologram cut out, and Ren fell to his knees next to Hux, blood running through his veins like ice. His gloved hands stretched out to grab Hux's shoulder, and the shorter man yelped in pain as Kylo rolled him over. His nose and ears were leaking thin blood, and his eyes were hazy and unfocused, staring at the ceiling. He was trembling, and the harsh, insufficient lighting only made the hollows of his cheeks stand out more, giving him a skeletal appearance. Kylo swallowed and hefted the body up, and Hux staggered but stayed on his feet. Mentally sweeping the nearby hallways, Kylo waited until there was no chance of running into any troopers or officers before leading Hux out of the comm chamber, hustling him towards the General's quarters. They were almost to the door when Hux's fingers tightened around Kylo's bicep. "They're here, Ren." "What?" Kylo asked, staring down at the thin man. "They're here." "Who?" "Everyone. No one. All the people who hate me. They know I'm here. They know they can get me." Kylo pushed Hux into the man's quarters and guided him to the bed, bewildered. "They want me dead. She wants me dead. You want--Ren, do you want me dead, like everyone else? All the things in the world that hate me?" Hux wriggled feebly under Kylo's hands, trying to scoot further away on the bed, eyes narrowed in suspicion. "I'll have to kill you. Before you kill me. Before the ghosts get me. Before I get me." "No, I don't want you dead," Kylo said, trying to soothe the startled man. "You're not talking sense, Hux. Calm down." He reached forward with a small cloth to wipe away the blood on Hux's face, but the man twisted away. "You do! The ghosts do! All the voices say they do! The voices are everywhere, Ren, they're in our clothes and our ears and they live in our heads. In your heads. Why do you have so many heads?" Hux teetered perilously and Kylo was finally permitted to touch him, pushing him gently down onto the spartan bed and tugging at his boots. Whatever Snoke infected Hux's mind with, it was doing a number on him; Kylo couldn't even get into his surface thought patterns to discern what was going through the General's mind. Craziness, for sure, but Hux's little speech was freaking him out. "Hux, you can sleep now. I'll come get you in the morning." "All right, Ren, you can leave. I'll see you tomorrow. No, that's too formal. Good night, Ren. No. Too casual..." While Hux rambled, Kylo pulled one glove off and touched his fingers to Hux's temple, accessing his mind for the first time. Again, he felt a physical backlash, but this time, all he could feel was confusion. Hux's mind was usually ordered and lightning fast, able to keep up with the literal thousands of things he needed to devote his attention to at any one time to command the Finalizer. Now, it was as if his brain had been tossed into an airlock and allowed to spin to space; thoughts whirled and clashed, fear and pain spiking randomly as disembodied voices shouted and yelled at him. There was not a single clear thought and Kylo couldn't find a trace of the old Hux beneath all the terror and suspicion swamped inside his cranium. Pulling back, Kylo bit his lip, the skin stretching uncomfortably around his scar. Snoke had ordered him to kill Hux for his failure, but... There was no way he could. Hux was the only being on board the ship that dared challenge him. He was snarky and demanding, and didn't put up with the shit that even Kylo knew was childish. Hux was also understanding, able to connect with Kylo due to a similar load of pressure and expectations placed upon both their shoulders. He was Kylo's sole source of entertainment for the past several years, and during the occasional meal they shared, it could even be said that they behaved like friends. Not that Kylo Ren had friends. Heavens, no. But Hux was damn close to one. Just then, Kylo's comm unit went off at his hip, and Hux jumped so hard at the mechanic chirp that he hit his head on the wall. Kylo's fingers went to his head immediately to soothe the pain, and with a jolt he realized that if he didn't kill Hux, he'd be defying Snoke's orders. And he was okay with that. With Hux's mind in such alarming disarray, and Kylo's loyalty already torn between Snoke and Hux, his determination to stick with the First Order was waning. If Hux's death was a part of staying with the Dark Side, Kylo wanted no part. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> "You need to eat." "What if it's poisoned?" "I'll try some first." Kylo sipped some soup from the spoon before pushing the bowl towards Hux, the chipped ceramic sliding across the old wood. Hux eyed it distrustfully before following suit and levering a small helping into his mouth. His hand shook after a few bites and Kylo gently took the spoon from him, setting it down in the bowl. "Let's go sit outside." Scarif was a beautiful planet. It was mostly uninhabited but for some natives and small colonies, but was typically considered a neutral ground for the First Order and Republic. Outside of their small hut was a vast forest, filled with friendly flora and fauna that Hux liked to interact with one days he was aware. Every once and a while, his mind would go offline, regressing back to the point where he couldn't speak or move on his own, just dumbly followed Kylo's gentle instruction. Today seemed like a good day; Hux was able to sit on the porch in the sunlight and not have a nervous breakdown. One of the local mammals fell asleep at his feet on the bench, a furry creature that made a soft rumbling sound of enjoyment whenever Hux worked up the nerve to touch it. Today, Hux was having a good day; he was speaking in full sentences, even if they were only coherent half the time. He recognized Kylo, which didn't always happen, and he was even eating the food set out in front of him. Hux had actually gained weight since leaving the Finalizer; he was not in any way fat, but he had lost the gaunt look that being in space 95% of the time gave some people. His hair was longer and he had a full beard because he only allowed scissors near him once in a blue moon; he was far too paranoid for that. Kylo watched Hux through the window from inside for a few moments before turning back to the table, cleaning up after them. Hux wasn't doing better, per say, as he still couldn't write or speak for more than a few sentences without getting too nervous. His mind still played tricks on him, his kicking and thrashing waking Kylo up at night from their shared bed in nightmares. Kylo was always there to hush him and soothe him, but sometimes there was just no reasoning with the insane general. "The sky shines." "Yes, I'm sure it does," Kylo hummed distractedly, putting away the ingredients he used to make lunch and dismissing it as one of the hundreds of random things Hux said a day. "No, it's a part of the sky. It's bright." "It's called the sun, Hux." "No, it's a ship." "Then it's a cargo sh--" "Battalion freighter, model SSU-5203C, with advanced surveillance power." The plate Kylo was washing fell to the floor and shattered as he sprinted to the front doorway. "What did you say?" "It's a First Order ship. They're here. Ren, they're here for me. For me, for me, for me. I have to hid. We. We have to hide from...me." Hux began to ramble on, and Kylo grabbed his arm and yanked him inside, disturbing the small fuzzy creature from the porch. "Go to the room. Grab your bag, the one I show you every week. We're leaving." Hux didn't move, just faced the wall and kept mumbling, so Kylo pushed past him and into their bedroom, where there were two small duffel bags tucked away into a corner. Hoisting one onto his own back and helping Hux put on his, Kylo started to lead them back to the front door before a distant explosion rocked the ground. "Stay here." Kylo moved into the shadow cast by the doorway just in time to see a small puff of black smoke some hundred meters away, the explosion itself hidden by the trees surrounding the cabin. There were shouts before two groups stumbled into the large clearing, firing wildly at each other. One group was clearly First Order, white stormtrooper armor glinting in the late afternoon sun as Republic troops tried to find cover. It was clear that they didn't expect anyone to be living nearby because both sides stumbled to a halt once they saw the cabin, but then continued fighting. Kylo watched three Republic troops go down before gritting his teeth and flinging his arm out. The seven stormtroopers left were flung high into the air before being smacked back down to the ground with sickening crunches. The Republic troops spun to look at him, but Kylo was already running though the house, grabbing Hux's arm and dragging him through the back entrance on the opposite side, into the forest beyond. He heard several of the troopers yell, but none fired, and the two fled into the trees. After nearly twenty minutes of running, Hux was gasping, unused to such physical exertion. The sun was going to fall soon, but the planet was well lit even at night by two moon, so Kylo removed a heavy blanket from his pack and wrapped it around Hux's shoulders to keep the man warm. "Hux, are you okay? Can you speak to me?" Kylo asked, bending down to look Hux in the eyes. The smaller man looked away, one clammy hand coming up to hold the cloak closed as he leaned into Kylo's chest for warmth. "We need to keep going." Hux didn't answer, and Ren sighed. Hux was retreating inside himself, his eyes dark and lowered. Ren just wrapped an arm around him protectively and kept going. Over an hour of walking later and they were reaching a thinner part of the forest. Night had almost fallen, their path lit only by waning light. The nearest town was still miles away, but if they could just outrun whatever Republic forces came after them-- "Ben." Kylo stopped, his heart skipping a beat. He looked over his shoulder to see a small group of people several meters behind him. Chewbacca. His Uncle Luke. That scavenger from Jakku. FN-2187 and the pilot he had left the First Order for. Well, he couldn't fault him. He left the First Order for Hux. "Ben," his uncle called again. "Please, wait." Kylo turned halfway, so that his body hid the bulk of Hux's. "I--I don't want to fight you. I just...Uncle, I just want to keep him safe." "Who is it, Ben? Who do you want to keep safe?" Kylo turned fully so that his uncle could see the man burrowed into his side, head tucked into Kylo's neck and one hand on the cloak, the other holding Kylo's hand. As soon as the dulled, shaggy red hair came into view, Chewbacca gave a low growl, but Luke raised a hand in silence. "Is that...General Hux?" Kylo swallowed. "Not anymore." He looked down at Hux, taking in the full beard and the pale skin, the tired shadows under his eyes and the lifeless, weary look they held. "Not after what Snoke did to him." "Is that why you left, Ben? To keep him safe from the First Order?" Luke sounded so sincere, so ready to understand, that Kylo swallowed hard and nodded. "You can't hurt him. I don't want to fight you, but I'm going to keep him safe." He regretted his decision to leave his saber aboard the Finalizer all those months ago. "You don't have to fear us. Nobody hear wants to fight you. We only want to help." "What's wrong with him?" Rey asked suddenly, taking a step forward. Immediately, Kylo tensed and swept the unresponsive Hux into his arms, ready to run. "No, sorry, wait, that's not what I meant to do. I just want to understand, to help you, like Luke has helped me." "Ren, the First Order put a price on your head. We know you aren't with them anymore. We can help you," Dameron said quietly. "Honestly." "We might be able to help Hux too," Luke said. He slowly moved forward so that he was only a few feet away, his blue eyes soft and open. "Please, Ben. We've been looking for you for so long. I miss you. Your mother misses you. Chewie misses you." The Wookiee gave a forlorn howl, and Kylo glanced over nervously, his fingers tightening around Hux's shoulders and knees. He'd known Chewbacca since birth, and the Wookiee was without a doubt his first friend. He trembled, then looked at Rey's sincere blue eyes and the sympathetic expressions on Dameron's and Finn's faces. They showed no hatred or judgement, just sympathy and hope. "I..." Luke looked at him steadily, waiting for his answer. "You have to promise, Uncle Luke. Promise me no one will hurt him. He's all I have." Luke nodded solemnly. "You have my word, Ben." Ben Solo stumbled forward into the waiting arms of his uncle for the first time in over a decade, sobbing as he held tightly onto Hux. Hux, who reached up with a shaking hand and wiped away the tears from Kylo's cheeks.