‘The place on the hill, are you kidding?’ Rey frowned at Finn’s tone of voice, not overly appreciating the layers of negativity. ‘Yeah, the rent’s really cheap!’ She explained, but was still met with stony resistance. ‘What?’ She demanded, glaring at the small group of close friends. Poe looked almost sheepish as he answered. ‘Well, I know you’ve been wanting to move closer,’ he started, glancing at Finn for encouragement. Finn was staring sullenly at his hands, face flushed. ‘It’s just that … well, isn’t there somewhere else you could live?’ ‘It’s the cheapest place by far. What’s the big deal? So the aircon’s a little busted and the kitchen is a few decades old. It’s still cheap !’ ‘And haunted.’ ‘What?’ Rey said, turning away from Poe to look more closely at Finn. The small italian restaurant was quiet, vents pumping icy air conditioning despite the cool weather outside. Aside from the exhausted looking waiter lounging over the register, they were the only three occupants of the entire, red and white checkered room. ‘You heard me,’ he said sullenly, still refusing to look at her now. Poe was rubbing a hand up and down the back of Finn’s leather jacket. Rey folded her arms across her chest. ‘I thought you’d be happy for me,’ she mumbled, feeling a little hurt at the lack of enthusiasm. She’d been scrimping and saving for years, trying to survive the high rent of her old place two towns across, plus transport costs of coming here every day for work. And now, here she was, with a place to call hers that wasn’t a share house, no shared bathrooms or kitchens or laundries that would mysteriously eat her few personal belongings. It was hers, and only hers, for half the cost, and now she could walk to work and see these two idiots of an evening without having to worry about the last bus! Perhaps it hadn’t been worth all the effort. Haunted. Rey rolled her eyes. ‘We are happy, Rey,’ Poe said reassuringly, trying to woo her with that dazzling smile of his. His puppy dog eyes weren’t working though. Not now. Rey glared at them. They were supposed to be happy for her. Actually happy, not this pretend happy. ‘There are stories about that place.’ Finn said. ‘It’s an apartment building.’ Rey said. ‘Haunted houses are creepy old buildings that haven’t been lived in for fifty years. This place has definitely been lived in for fifty years. I don’t think anyone’s cleaned the bathroom in that long.’ ‘No one’s kept lease for more than a month. Everyone leaves really quickly. All the downstairs neighbours say they hear weird noises, scraping sounds, bangings, it’s haunted Rey, honest. You can’t live there!’ Finn was persistent. ‘Well the Landlord didn’t mention any of that, and neither did the Real Estate, so I think it’s fine. They probably have to list hauntings with deaths on the properties, you know? No one’s died in there, and no one’s haunting it. Just be happy that I’m so close and not paying through the teeth!’ Poe sighed heavily and nudged Finn in the shoulder. ‘We are happy for you. I’m glad you’re so close. But, just know that if it doesn’t work out you can come crash on our couch for awhile, okay?’ ‘I know what you do on that couch, Poe Dameron,’ she shot back, unable to suppress the smile tugging at her lips. Perhaps she wasn’t currently immune to his puppy dog eyes. ‘We’ll throw a blanket over the cushions,’ he answered lightly, straightening up and catching the attention of the waiter. ‘I have work tomorrow and Finn has class. How about we do this again in a couple of days, okay? Just … be careful, Rey.’ *** Rey stood in the foyer of the ancient complex that was her new home. Unkar Plutt was a large man, but surprisingly spry on his feet as he navigated his large gut around the balustrade of the stairwell. He was also disgustingly handsy and Rey wondered, as she clutched her bag tightly to her, if he wasn’t what made people consider the place was haunted. He certainly made enough strange sounds to be considered some unholy apparition of the night. He sort of looked like one, too, the way he wobbled and jiggled and sweat-sheened everywhere. Rey immediately clamped down on her thoughts. They were cruel and unnecessary. She barely knew the man, and he could hardly help what he looked like. He clearly tried to present himself well, with his hair carefully combed over a growing bald patch, and the button up shirt that strained over his girth didn’t look very cheap. His shoes certainly weren’t. Rey turned on her brightest smile as she greeted him. ‘Moving in today, are we?’ He said by way of greeting. ‘I’m so excited!’ She fell into step beside him as he led her up the stairs. There were no elevators here, the building was too old and there wasn’t enough space to install one. The Real Estate Agent had been very clear on that. Rey hadn’t cared. She was young, healthy, and loved a good cardio workout. The fact she was now the proud renter of the attic apartment just meant she’d be incredibly fit in no time. ‘The windows are small, but you have good views over the town.’ Plutt said conversationally, breath coming thick and fast as he began to lag slightly. Rey adjusted her pace to suit. ‘When do the rest of your things come?’ He asked, eyes running up and down her body. Rey gripped her backpack and suitcase a little tighter instinctively. ‘This is it.’ She said. The furniture had been part of her old lease, and she’d never had the spare cash to afford trinkets or decorations. A handful of books, clothes and toiletries. She was determined to make more of herself here, though. To make a stamp on this place. Plutt grunted. ‘There’s no rules against decorating,’ Plutt said, as if reading her mind. They began to curve up the second stairwell. Rey couldn’t resist trailing her hand over the faded, embossed wallpaper, enjoying the valleys and crests under her fingertips. ‘All at your own cost. If you want to paint, fine. As you know it’s a little neglected. The owners aren’t overly sentimental. You could knock through a wall and they wouldn’t care. Just don’t damage the facade and any changes to the fixtures need to be approved by myself. Blockages, electrical damage you come to me. Hot water issues, rodents, vents, all my domain. Keep the rest of it as pretty or as filthy as you want.’ It was all too good to be true. Rey focused on the positives. ‘And my key?’ She asked as they lumbered up flight of stairs number three. Plutt fished it out of his pocket. It was warm as he pressed it into her palm, his fingers slightly greasy as he held her hand for a few moments too long. ‘You lose it, come to me for a replacement. I keep the spare in case you lock yourself out. It happens. It’s easier that way.’ ‘That’s really considerate, thank you!’ She gave him another bright smile, feeling her excitement build even further as they made their way up staircase four to her own personal one. Stairwell five. Old, rickety and strewn with cobwebs. A skylight threw a square of warm yellow over darkened floorboards and a narrow hallway. Rey almost pranced up the seventeen stairs to stand, staring at her door. Hers. It was hers and all hers alone. Deep, brown wood, scored and marked from years of use, the door knob bronzed with hundreds of palms touching it. It sang of stories and tales and age and wonder. And it was hers! Plutt reached the landing and lumbered behind her to the door. Rey held her breath as she slid the key, her key, into the lock and turned. It clicked and she pushed the door open. Hers, hers, hers. She flicked the switch and the lightbulb in the living space blew in a shower of sparks. Plutt swore under his breath. Rey grinned. *** Plutt had graciously given her a new bulb as a gesture of good faith. But Rey wasn’t fazed. It was an old building, it was bound to happen! Alone, finally, she took herself on her own little tour. Little being the operative word. It was little, and hers, and perfect. The front door opened into a living space slash kitchenette. There was no furniture, no pots or pans or cooking utensils, but Rey had been saving and she would fix it. She would fix all of this because it was hers and Rey was good at fixing things. A window above the kitchen sink looked out over the town, over big fir trees and grey streets. A bigger window in the living space revealed more of the same view. There was a lot of natural light and she could already envision the sill covered in small pot plants, succulents and trailing vines. The ceiling was canted, sloped with the outer roof, giving her a delightfully pitched ceiling that housed quite a few spider families. But Rey didn’t mind. They’d keep her bug free. On the other side of the living space were two doors. The door closest to the outer wall was the main bedroom. She pushed the heavy, squeaking door open, and admired the big, empty space. She’d put more plants in the window, here. The built in wardrobes were handy, too, for when she had things to store. They lined and insulated the wall that divided her room from the bathroom. She imagined they probably helped soften the noise of old pipes, too. Not that it would matter much. She was the only person here, so it’s not like she’d be woken up by someone flushing the toilet in the middle of the night. She entered the second door in the living space, checking out her bathroom. The mirror above the mouldy vanity was in need of a good scrub. Years of gunk and grime were pasted to the surface that had once been reflective. The shower/bath wasn’t in much better condition, and the toilet was gag-inducing. But there was promise. The tiles were still firmly attached to the walls, and a huge amount of elbow grease and buckets of bleach would certainly solve the gunk coating this particular room. The vent in the corner certainly needed a good clean out. She could hear the fan struggling to whir, no doubt blocked with an unimaginable amount of dust and hair. Furniture was important, but her first call of duty would be to the cleaning aisle in the store to be able fix all of this, first. Rey ran the mental checklist as she scanned the room, making a note for a face mask and quite a few pairs of thick gloves. And safety goggles. She wondered if hazmat suits were expensive. She stretched as she stepped back into her living space, eyes tracking over the cracked walls and flaking ceiling, over the water stains beside the window. She then looked at the door to her left, opposite the window. It was the second bedroom, even though it was actually bigger. Rey had to put her shoulder into it to open the heavy door. It creaked and groaned in protest, as if struggling to keep her from the secrets of the universe. Three windows shone bright light over the spacious room. The walls were in awful condition, scorch marks blackened the ceiling around the two light fixtures. Someone had dug what looked like claw marks into the floorboards, which was a shame. But Rey didn’t care. She didn’t actually own the place, she was renting, and the little deformities could be easily covered with a rug. She ran her hand over the wallpaper, similar to the embossed style in the hallways downstairs. Her fingers caught in a seam and pulled slightly. It gave easily, so she wiggled her fingers underneath and pulled . The paper came away in huge, tattered shreds, flaking about her feet. Rey couldn’t help but laugh. This room definitely needed a new coat of paint. Maybe several, but she was more than up for the task. She shook her head at the splatters of dark red paint, at the twists of black and gold and bright red she could see under her destructive efforts. Perhaps the haunted rumours had come from previous owners that had decorated like satanists, who also had a strong appreciation for natural light. She had big plans for this room. A perfect space for a studio to work on her side projects. Rey planted her hands on her hips and grinned about her new domain. Life here was going to be amazing. Chapter 2 Notes: Happy Fathers day! Also, woah to the awesome response to this story, thanks guys! You're all great <3 Rey sat on the floor cross legged and ran her forearm over her forehead, collecting droplets of sweat. A whole week in and this place was starting to resemble something she could call her own. It was hard, juggling the car shop with this place, but she was managing short nights and long days fairly well. Plus, work had an amazing shower with great water pressure that seemed to make everything okay. She would have a great shower here, too, but not just yet. She hadn’t braved that particular challenge. Fortunately Rey had a bladder of steel and had so far managed to exist with works facilities. The problem was the weekend was coming up and she wasn’t rostered on, so that evening's activities would consist of the annihilation of the mould kingdom. Rey looked up at the bared walls of her apartment. Every room had been stripped of wallpaper and she already had paint chips sprawled over her floors, trying to decide what would work best with the amount of light the apartment got. So far she was fixated on a yellowish cream and a pale green. Light, warm and welcoming. Plus the fixtures in the kitchen had all been cream once she’d scrubbed the layers of grease and food remnants off them. The light bulb in the kitchen fizzled and died as Rey looked at it. She sighed and turned away. She’d need to invest in some battery operated lanterns, or something. The wiring in the light fittings were ridiculous. She was worried she’d accidentally burn down the building every time she flicked a switch, what with the way the bulbs kept bursting. Plutt had insisted everything had been checked, and she’d given up after her third attempt for an electrician. Maybe some fairy lights, strung up over the walls. Rey giggled. She felt like a little girl. She could have anything she wanted! First would be a bed, though. The floor wasn’t very comfortable, and her backpack wasn’t the best pillow. A bed, and pillows, and sheets. A soft, comfy throw rug for the winter that was just around the corner. And curtains, to block out the chill come night time. Perhaps the curtains would deter the birds that had taken to tapping at the glass in the night, too, probably trying to get to the light they could see. Rey groaned as she got up, muscles whinging and joints popping. Between work, renovating and the stairs, Rey was physically drained. But that wouldn’t stop her, not yet. Not while the sun was still up and she had a bathroom to scour! She had two big torches that she set up in the bathroom, already anticipating the demise of the bathroom light fixture. Armed with a bucket, a basket of scourers, sponges and clothes, a thick plastic bag and an armload of bathroom cleaners, Rey snapped on her elbow length gloves, protective goggles and mask and got to work. First things first, the toilet. Then the bath/shower, then the sink and mirror. She had the kitchen she could use, so that was lowest priority. Then she could work on the walls and the ceiling and that infernal clicking vent. Rey had no idea how long she had been scrubbing for. The toilet was slowly beginning to resemble something functional when the bathroom door slammed shut. She huffed a sigh and propped it open. She needed the ventilation with the fumes. It was funny, she had to force the doors open on a good day, yet one small puff of wind and slam, slam, slam. Old buildings were just a bag of fun. She flushed the toilet and watched layers of scum swirl down the drain, leaving yellowed ceramic behind. Aged, she could work with. Diseased and slimy, not so much. She was winning. The shower was a lot less forgiving, sending her slipping and sliding all over the mouldy base, so she resorted to standing one foot in, one foot out, clutching the half screen that would need to be replaced. The taps crumbled in her hands and the soap holder fell away entirely at her ministrations. The damned door managed to wriggle free of its props and slam shut two more times as she worked. By ten Rey had had enough of chemical fumes and dizzy spells and called it quits. She scrubbed herself as best she could in the kitchen sink, running the cloth under the tap before rubbing down her arms and face and torso. She heard one of her torches fall and smash in the bathroom. Rey groaned, finished washing herself and ate a cold tin of baked beans for dinner by the open window in her living space, looking out over the town. It was next to pitch black in her apartment now, but the town was a maze of glimmering streetlights and cars, businesses gleaming along the main strip, houses twinkling from numerous windows. She could hear the conversations, music and horns, she could smell wood smoke and food, flowers and exhaust. The crisp air curled around her and tugged at her escaping strands of hair. Rey breathed deep and savoured the tranquility. The bathroom door slammed shut. She heard her second torch fall and shatter as well. By the sounds of it, it had fallen into her cleaning bucket and knocked that over, too. At least the liquid would just drain into the floor grate. Definitely a problem for tomorrow. Perhaps it was a sign she was supposed to scrub the floor tomorrow morning. Rey shut the window and headed into her empty bedroom. She curled up on the floor in the throw rug she’d bought and went to sleep. *** ‘So, what’s it like?’ Finn asked, slinging an arm over her shoulders. Rey rolled her eyes. ‘Are you still going on about the ghost thing?’ It had been two weeks now and Finn would not stop asking. He was just short of inviting himself over to perform his own exorcism. Except Finn was actually terrified of the concept that her apartment was haunted. She could see it in his eyes, and so she hadn’t offered the grand tour yet. It would be unavoidable once she had finished making the place habitable, but for now they passed it off as no point until the renovations were done. ‘I’m just worried about you, Rey.’ ‘It’s fine, honestly! I really like it! The place scrubs up nice! I still have to paint the second bedroom, but the bathroom is now clean. The wall cabinet fell apart so I need to get a new one, and I’m trying to find a replacement for the shower screen, but I replaced all the taps and the tiles are now germ free!’ ‘Any strange noises, sounds? Cold spots?’ He pressed. He asked this every time. ‘It’s an old building and it’s autumn, so yes to all of the above, Finn. Your apartment is the same and you’re not worried about that being haunted.’ Finn muttered something about burning herbs but didn’t press the matter. ‘So what are we getting?’ He asked instead. They were standing in a charity store and Rey was almost vibrating with her eagerness to explore and salvage and see . ‘Everything I just said, and … well, anything, basically. A bed. Maybe some chairs, tables. Kitchen stuff.’ ‘You don’t have a bed yet?’ He asked, incredulous, mouth falling open in surprise. She pulled him into a tight hug. ‘I will soon, Finn! Don’t you worry! We’ll find the best one here and then we get to go buy a quilt and sheets and it’ll be lots of fun!’ She pulled away and he was still staring bug-eyed at her. ‘Where do you sleep now?’ He asked in alarm. Rey was already moving away, intent on purchasing things. She’d never been in the position to buy anything before, let alone an apartment's worth of things. ‘Floor with a blanket.’ She said as she began inspecting a basket of mismatched glasses. They were three dollars for the fifteen. She picked up the box and settled them onto her trolley. It was going to be a bitch getting them up to her place, or even getting them to her building, but she was fairly certain she’d be able to sweet talk the old man behind the desk into doing a delivery. She found a box of serviceable pots and pans too. Rey grinned in delight as she turned them about in her hands. ‘And you said your lights are bad?’ Finn asked. Rey hummed her response, deciding to ignore him for the moment. He meant well, but she didn’t need to think about the one downside to her new place. She couldn’t use candles because she always had her windows open, and the air current always managed to knock over her torches. It was an uphill battle that she was so far losing. Luckily she wasn’t scared of the dark. ‘How’re your studies going?’ She asked instead, finding a delightful array of mismatched plates and a pile of forks with haphazard prongs. They all went onto the growing pile of hers. ‘Okay,’ Finn said. ‘I’ll make graduation at the end of the year.’ ‘And then you get to join the big bad world of working!’ She threw a smile over her shoulder. ‘I’ve been offered work at my placement, you know,’ he said with a hint of pride, chest expanding importantly. ‘That’s great! The kids all love you, obviously!’ She threw her arms around him in another hug. Finn caught her easily and spun her around. ‘More importantly the Principal does. She’s great, you know? And the other teachers are really nice. I signed yesterday, a six month contract once I graduate, and we’ll go from there!’ He set her down and then pointed to the other side of the store. ‘Hey, that mattress looks like it’s in pretty good condition!’ *** As it turned out, Rey didn’t have to sweet talk any nice old men. Luke had been more than happy to offer her their free delivery service after she’d bombarded him with about ten thousand requests for help at wiggling pieces of furniture out of the nooks and crannies of his store. He’d even helped her carry them up to her landing once he’d delivered her new possessions. He wouldn’t walk through her front door, though. Blue eyes had stared at the door knob, hand running nervously through his beard. ‘No, I best not.’ He’d said on the third trip, pulling a fancy trolley stacked with breakables. ‘I can manage,’ Rey had assured him and had begun hauling everything inside as he’d brought it all up. She’d tipped him extra and decided to buy him some flowers as a thank you for his above and beyond service. She was decked out in her finest crap clothes, covered in paint flecks and bruises. Everything new was heaped into a pile in the middle of her living room, hiding under a drop cloth as Rey spent her saturday painting. It turned out she was a huge klutz when she painted. She constantly forgot where her ladder was, tripping over it when it wasn’t where she thought she’d left it. Her paint brush seemed determined to fall off whatever surface she’d left it on, and the tray of paint seemed destined for her bare feet. It was fun, though, as she accidentally smeared green over her forehead, hair and eyelashes sprinkled in cream. Everything reeked of paint, but she felt good, organised. Slightly battered and bruised, but things were coming together. The lightbulb in the living room blew. Again. Rey moved into the spare room. She’d spent the least amount of time in here. The graffiti behind the wallpaper was weird. Huge swirling shapes and strange symbols. But the view out the now open windows were nice, and with the unseasonably warm autumn air blowing into the room, Rey began to work, layering cream over black and red and gold. She probably should have started in here, as she watched the lines bleed through her cream. Rey stood back and glared. This wouldn’t do. The room was now going to be green. Nodding to herself, Rey fetched the tin and began painting with renewed vigour. One of the bolts on the window must have loosened as it slammed shut with a bang. Rey jumped in surprise, stumbling over the paint tin and sprawling over the ground, grazing her knees and the palm of her left hand. She hissed before quickly righting the knocked over tin. It had landed on the dropcloth, not the floorboards, glugging thick paint, so she slammed the lid on the tin and used what had spilled onto the ground quickly before it became useless and wasted. She was two coats in before the sun set and the room looked infinitely better. The apartment looked infinitely better. Under the light of a new lamp, Rey began to stack the shelves of her kitchen with her new items. Plates, cups, cutlery, pots and pans, trays, a cheese grater, a colander. She sang as she worked, not even blinking as the kitchen light blew overhead for the fourth time since she’d moved in. It was exciting, really, a girl with nothing now had everything she ever needed. She even had a rolling pin! She could make things! Cookies, perhaps, or a cake, or a pie … maybe she’d make Luke a pie with the things she’d bought from him! She’d have to go find a cookbook, and then buy the ingredients, but she was positive she could do it! Rey danced as she began to push her armchair towards the window in the living room. It was old and worn, but the upholstery was a nice deep green, and she’d bought a comfortable yellow pillow to decorate it. She placed a slightly rickety wooden table beside it and plugged in another lamp. Rey ran to her room and pulled out the five books she’d brought with her from her old home. These took pride of place beside her new chair. Her bed took longer to assemble, the alan key refusing to play fair as she slotted the framework together. Finally she pushed the completed thing against the wall, foot facing the door as she then heaved the mattress into place. Her new sheets had been washed and dried and she made her bed eagerly, throwing on four new pillows and standing back to admire her handy work. Sure the bed took up most of the room, but it was her bed! Not some uncomfortable slab of stone that her last landlord had deemed suitable, not some lice-ridden thing the orphanage had put her on. This was hers, bought with her own money. And it was perfect. Rey grabbed a brand new towel and marched into the bathroom. She pulled the door closed behind her, lighting candles and a new lamp as she filled the tub for the first bath in her apartment. Almost a whole month in and it was finally nearing completion. The vent whirred almost silently in the corner, free of the disgusting blockages and dead rats that had clogged the blades. Rey shrugged out of her filthy clothes as the tub filled with steaming water. She’d buy lavender essence soon, but for now the hot water would be perfect. She slid naked into the water and closed her eyes, breathing deeply and relaxing, enjoying the slosh of water against her skin, feeling the sweat and grime wash away. The sink tap was dripping again. One of the candles blew out. Rey started to sing. It was a habit when she was happy, nonsense songs, anything that came to mind, really. She sang and enjoyed the way her voice bounced off the walls, enjoyed the way the water enveloped her with warmth and soothed her new bruises and aching bones. Despite the sound of the kitchen window slamming shut and the sound of a glass shattering, Rey was incredibly happy. Chapter 3 He did not understand. He stood and glared down at her, sneering at her stupid sleeping face. He did not understand. How could she be so calm and relaxed? How could she be sleeping? He stormed into the room that was his. They were all his rooms. But now they smelled different. They looked different. He pushed the pile of books off the table and glared at the door she was sleeping behind. A month. She had been here for a month and had not so much as twitched in fright. He would fix this. He could fix this. He was not losing touch, he had just gotten lazy. It had been too easy until now. Kylo Ren enjoyed a challenge. *** He met Rey on the third flight of stairs. ‘Good evening,’ she said cheerfully, despite how exhausted she was. Unkar Plutt looked her up and down for a long moment. ‘What is it you do, again?’ He asked. ‘Mechanic.’ She answered, wondering if there was still grease on her face. ‘Good for you. I support that. Girls trying to do well in a man's world. It must be hard. I think you left a window open, too, your downstairs neighbour was complaining about banging.’ ‘Thanks, Unkar.’ She waited for him to continue down the stairs before she sprinted up them. Heart pounding from the exertion, blood pounding in her ears, Rey walked into her flat and exhaled heavily. She must have left the damned window open. A new plant pot she’d placed on the sill was shattered, dirt splayed out over the floor, succulents scattered haphazardly. The glass on her side table had also been knocked off, cracked in half. The door to her studio slammed shut at the change in wind pressure as she closed the front door. Rey shut the window, tidied up the mess, scooping the dirt and plants into a temporary home, before climbing into the shower. The hot water wasn’t working. So she suffered the cold and the goosebumps and scrubbed off the grease and muck and got out. The oven refused to start, and so did the microwave, so Rey sat in her chair and ate slices of ham for dinner. Her bread had gone mouldy, so she’d had to throw it out. The lamp on the kitchen counter must have suffered an electrical surge. It refused to turn on. Rey knew what Finn would say. ‘Your apartment must be haunted!’ She said aloud, imitating him, before laughing. The bathroom door slammed, the force of it rattling the frame. Rey closed her eyes and leant her head back against the chair. Her phone rang. ‘Hey Poe,’ she answered, taking a moment to check the ID. ‘Finn and I are free this weekend if you want to show us your new place!’ He sounded over excited. ‘And you’re not telling Finn, are you?’ She guessed, picking at a loose thread on the hem of her shirt. ‘Friday night good? You bring the food and I give the tour?’ ‘Sounds like a great plan! I’m so excited, Finn won’t shut up about curses and evil spirits, but I guarantee once he’s there he’ll be fine.’ Poe sounded so certain. Rey found herself laughing. ‘Should I hook up some fake ghost to jump out at him?’ She was already staring at the ceiling, working out the rigging necessary for a swooping white sheet of hilarious terror. Poe chuckled. ‘Only if you want to clean up the mess and never speak to him again!’ They lapsed into a momentary, friendly silence. ‘I’ll see you when you get here, then.’ She said. ‘Sleep well.’ He said. Rey hung up and shoved her phone back into her pocket. She brushed her teeth in the bathroom, threw away the empty ham packet and crawled into bed. She heard her bag fall off the kitchen bench, onto the floor. The bag of bolts inside rattled and skittered against the floorboards. Rey rolled over and went to sleep. She’d deal with it in the morning. *** He did not understand. At all. He watched as she bent and fished her hand under the fridge, pulling out another screw to add to her collection. How could a human be so wilfully ignorant? She had hummed in annoyance when she’d discovered her fridge had lost power. Her reaction to her armchair, shoved halfway across the room, was to move it back again. He had even gone through and smashed every light giving source in the entire apartment. The girl had cleaned it all up and wrinkled her nose at the light switches. Wrinkled her nose. That was the extent of her displeasure. But then, this was the girl who had spent three days painting layer after layer in the second room, covering the markings, his markings. She had covered over the blood and the ash and the symbols. She had even bent and touched the carvings in the floor. His carvings. From his own hands. His scratches. She had covered them with a threadbare rug and seemed satisfied with her efforts. He took great delight in constantly flipping and rotating the woven disaster to reveal the floor beneath. But never once did she complain. Oh she would hum and haa and make tutting noises. She would wrinkle her nose or draw her eyebrows together in annoyance. But she would not leave. It was not only frustrating, it was embarrassing. Kylo Ren could not scare a little human girl. He waited for her, that day, because he knew she would be returning with people. New people. People that she had said were apprehensive of an other. Well, Kylo could certainly use his little bag of tricks to whip up a frenzy. They would be hauling her out of their so fast her neck would hurt. He slid a hand carefully over the cream walls of the living space, making sure not to blemish it just yet. Perhaps if it stayed nice they would move a family in next. He had not seen a human child in many a year. The front door slammed and he turned eagerly. She was alone. And angry. Kylo Ren stood in the center of his living room and watched as she threw her ratty backpack onto the floor and snarled at nothing. He had never seen her angry. This is what he wanted! A reaction! Only this was not at him. ‘He meant nothing by it, Rey.’ She finally vented into the silence, and he flinched at the vehemence in her voice. He was used to her singing, to the light pleasantness, not this … this growl. ‘You’re overreacting. He’s nice, he’s probably just tired, wasn’t thinking. It’s Friday. Friday. Shit. Finn and Poe.’ She looked around, probably to see if he had caused any more damage today. But he had not. Kylo Ren was conserving his energy for her friends. Rey headed into the bathroom and he followed, watching as she splashed water on her face and studied herself in the mirror. He could smell the oil on her, almost taste the metal she had been sifting through all day. But she seemed to judge herself acceptable and he followed her into her bedroom so that she could change her outfit. Sweat stained clothes were thrown into a basket he had not considered upending until this very moment. A flowery dress and leggings took the place of her work garments. Kylo Ren scowled at the bright choice. He raised a hand and brushed it down the front of her, wanting to wilt the sunflowers that adorned the fabric. She shivered as if she were cold. Rey shrugged it off as her phone began to ring. She was out the front door of the apartment in an instant, going where he could not follow. She was back shortly, though, with two men in tow. One of them was ecstatic. He, Kylo Ren did not care about. It was the other one, the darker one, that reeked of fear and tasted of panic. Kylo Ren inhaled deeply and felt himself flare with power. ‘This is it!’ She was saying, throwing her arms out to show off the place. She grabbed their jackets and hung them on a coat stand she had dragged in the previous day. She had also brought in an antique, floor length mirror that Kylo Ren was trying to decide what to do with. The possibilities were endless. ‘Can you come decorate our place?’ The lighter of the two men exclaimed. ‘You should come live at our place,’ the darker one said. ‘Finn!’ The first man admonished. ‘I’m serious, Poe! Didn’t you hear how that creep talked to her? How he looked at her? No way. She should come stay with us.’ Finn said. ‘Unkar? He’s harmless. He’s nice.’ Rey said, but Kylo Ren caught the flare of uncertainty and it stilled him for a curious moment. This girl was never uncertain. Her friends did not notice, though. They were pulling containers of food out of a plastic bag, popping plastic lids and snapping wooden chopsticks open. ‘Are you sure it’s not because you’re scared of the ghost?’ Poe teased. Finn stared about in panic, wide-eyed, as if expecting to see Kylo Ren standing right next to him. Kylo Ren was standing right next to Finn, but they would not know that. They could not. Kylo Ren grinned, leaning forward to inhale the bitter smell of fear. ‘The place looks nice, Rey,’ Finn grumbled. They all ate in companionable silence and Kylo watched them curiously. The food they ate looked … nice. It smelt interesting, the texture fascinating. He found himself actually wanting. Rey rarely ate here, mostly because of his own efforts to dissuade her, so to actually smell and see something beyond what she could scrape out of a can was intriguing. ‘Did I tell you guys I won a gift voucher at work?’ Poe asked as the finished their meal. ‘Most sales this month.’ He waggled his eyebrows. Kylo glanced at the open bathroom door. It slammed shut with a bang. Finn yelped, looking around wildly. Poe’s head snapped up. Rey did not so much as flinch, but Kylo Ren was not focused on her. ‘Drafts,’ she said by way of explanation. Her friends appeared less certain. Kylo Ren grinned savagely, a familiar tingle settling into his body. Rey took the distraction as an opportunity to show them the second room, her studio, she called it, though it was still empty of anything besides the rug. Kylo Ren flipped it before they entered, so they could see the scratches. He then slammed the door behind them and dragged her armchair across the room before pushing the rest of their food onto the floor. He waited until they re-entered the space before blowing the ceiling bulb and then shattering one of the side lamps. Finn screamed and Poe looked incredibly unsettled, expression visible to Kylo Ren in the new gloom. Rey sighed and pushed her chair back into place before pulling paper towels out of the cupboard in her kitchen. ‘What the shit, Rey?’ Finn hissed, voice low, although Kylo Ren had very good hearing. The man’s every word trembled, so thick with barely restrained panic that Kylo Ren could almost taste the fear, thick and bitter and addicting. ‘Those creepy arsed claw marks on the floor, and then this? Does this happen a lot?’ ‘Bad wiring,’ she gestured vaguely at the ceiling. ‘It’s not that bad. I mean, I’m spending a fortune on lightbulbs,’ she laughed. ‘Unkar insists there’s nothing wrong, though. He won’t send an electrician.’ Because he had sent them before and they had found nothing. Kylo Ren had made sure of that. ‘That Unkar is a creep, Rey. I don’t like you staying here alone with him.’ ‘Relax, Finn. He has to walk up all those stairs to reach her.’ Poe said, running his hand up and down his friends back. Kylo Ren watched the interaction curiously. Finn seemed to calm down with the sensation, shoulders sagging, head drooping slightly. It was strange how their attention had pivoted so swiftly from the destroyed room to the safety of their friend from another being entirely. He was the one causing the mayhem, not this Unkar. ‘You lock the door every night, right?’ Finn asked. Rey looked thoughtfully at the front door. ‘I haven’t been.’ She answered truthfully. Kylo Ren followed her gaze and found himself frowning. He had never considered that someone might walk in and harass her in the night. That did not seem like fair play when he was the one doing the harassing. He would have to ensure no one disturbed them while she was incapacitated. Kylo Ren took their distraction as a chance to push Finn’s glass off the table. The man was practically sweating out his terror, especially now that it had been refocused. ‘I need to go, I’m sorry Rey.’ He gasped. Rey rolled her eyes and looked to Poe for assistance. ‘I should get him home.’ Poe said instead. Rey frowned. ‘It’s a great place, though! I remember the pictures when you got it. Goes to show what a lot of hard work pays! Great job, kiddo!’ And then he and Finn were departing, almost rushing out the door, leaving Rey standing in her kitchen, arms folded over her chest. Kylo Ren did not have time to gloat. There was a knock at the door and the handle was turning. It was not her friends. It was the landlord. ‘Unkar,’ Rey greeted in surprise. Kylo Ren felt a surge of annoyance and fear from her. He approached cautiously, until he was standing behind her, an invisible shadow. From Unkar he felt things he did not want to examine too much. He had never been fond of the lumbering fool, too greedy for his own good. ‘I saw your … companions leave,’ Unkar said. Kylo Ren did not approve of the inflections. He had been too out of sync with humans, so did not fully understand, but he could read the girl well enough, and she stiffened noticeably. ‘As you’re awake, I thought I’d take the liberty to discuss something with you.’ He shut the front door behind him and moved closer to Rey. She held her ground. Something slimy passed through Kylo Ren’s mind, a fleeting notion from the intruder. It was repulsive and made him shudder, pushing it forcefully away. Humans were such disgusting creatures with such disgusting thoughts. ‘What was it?’ Rey asked lightly, she raised an arm and leant against the kitchen counter, supporting her weight. Kylo Ren stepped back slightly. She had put her arm through his hip. It was an uncomfortable sensation. ‘Rent, I’m afraid, my dear. It needs to go up. Quite a bit, too. Letters have gone out, of course, but I’m discussing it with everyone.’ Unkar stepped closer again, his eyes were raking up and down Rey. The slimy thoughts grew stronger. Kylo Ren scowled out his discomfort and folded his arms over his chest, letting his claws bite deep to distract himself. ‘You see, we’ve been having electrical issues, plumbing, the vents are all malfunctioning, people have been complaining about cold spots, and with winter coming up I can’t neglect the maintenance. Unfortunately with rent currently what it is, I don’t have the funds necessary, so the increase will help with upkeep. I’m sure you understand.’ ‘Of course,’ Rey said pleasantly, though from what Kylo Ren could see of her face, Rey did not appear to be happy with the news. She squared her shoulders and stood up straight. ‘Thanks for taking the time to tell me.’ She stepped forward, as if to show him to the door. Unkar did not move as she got closer, to within arms reach. Kylo Ren tilted his head and watched curiously. The humans were both feeling very different things right now. ‘It must be hard here,’ Unkar said instead of moving. Rey paused. ‘What do you mean?’ ‘In this town, not knowing many people. You’re new here, it’s only natural.’ He reached out and touched her arm. A friendly gesture that forced another slimy image into Kylo Ren’s mind, matched by the swell of repulsion from her. ‘If you ever need anyone to talk to, about the rent concerns, or anything else, I’m here for you. And if you have trouble paying, just come and see me. I’m sure we could … work something out.’ Viscous slime dripping thickly into Kylo Rens brain, coating his insides black and soggy. He felt nauseous, almost doubling with it as Rey pulled open the front door. He did double with it, suddenly hunched, suddenly down and on the ground, a weakened, embarrassing state. Her smile was sunny and bright, though her emotions were a turbulent, stormy sea. ‘I’ll keep that in mind, Unkar. Thanks again for letting me know!’ He touched her again before he shuffled out, his fingers caressing the bare skin of her arm. Kylo Ren inhaled deeply through his nose, exhaling through his mouth, trying desperately to gain his feet again. The floor was cold against his hands and knees. He had no idea what had dragged him down so violently, what had turned his stomach so rapidly. He heard a thump and raised his head. Rey sat with her back to the front door, in the early stages of her own hyperventilating. Tears glimmered on the edges of her lashes. He watched in fascination as her self sorrow sprouted thorns. ‘No.’ She hissed to the apartment, clawing her way to her feet, hands balled into fists. ‘No. This is not a haunted apartment. I will not be chased out by some rent hike. This is my home and I’m going to stay . She turned off all the lights, as if preparing to go to bed. A slow, lazy thought began to curl it’s way through his mind. Kylo Ren watched her as she paced circles around the living room, in a darkness she had given herself, not him for a change. Perhaps, he thought, warming very quickly to the idea, this girl could help him. Perhaps she would be able to unchain him from this wretched place and free him. He would promise her safe passage, and she would unfetter his powers. Surely that was a deal worth making. She was still muttering to herself, promises of strength and resilience. Kylo Ren flicked the lock on the front door, covering the click with the slam of the door to the second room. She did not flinch, as he had known she would not. Yes. Perhaps this was a girl worth investing in. Chapter 4 Rey tilted her head, eyebrows rising of their own accord. ‘Well that’s weird,’ she said to nothing in particular, reaching out to touch the red marks on the mirror. They were cold and flaked under her inquisitive touch. Rey hummed. ‘ Don’t trust him . Well that’s a vague thing to write.’ She pulled her scarf off the hat stand and wrapped it around her neck. The weekend had gone too quickly, and very quietly. She’d had barrage of texts from Finn on saturday morning recommending herbs to burn in order to ward off the evil spirits. Poe’s texts had been a little more apologetic of abandoning her like that. But Finn came first to him, and she got it. Of course she did. Poe loved Finn and so of course wanted to look out for him. If that meant rescuing him from Rey’s haunted apartment, then sure, whatever. Instead she’d started working in her studio, collecting scrap from the building’s dumpsters and sifting through her finds. Mechanic by day, artist by night. That was the plan. Rey stared at the strange words that had not been on her mirror yesterday and hummed. She’d be late for work if she kept dawdling. She left the apartment and made sure to lock the door behind herself. The work day always took it out of her, pumped hard for her skills, more so for her small hands and problem-solving skills. But she did what she had to. She loved it, the physicality, the issues, she even loved talking shop with the customers, after getting them past the fact that she was not the receptionist, she was the one that had fixed their car. Rey was good with her hands, she always had been. She loved pulling things apart, putting them back together, she loved understanding how they worked. She loved fixing things. When she met Finn she had fixed him, in the sense of pushing him at Poe and telling him to stop being scared. She had fixed Poe by proving that girls could be a good shot at darts while drunk. She had fixed up her dump of an apartment and made it a home. She loved the satisfaction of it all. What she didn’t love was Unkar accidentally meeting her on the stairs when she got home, forcing her to squeeze past him. She didn’t love him hand delivering her mail. But she could overlook it, of course she could. He was a big man, he probably didn’t mean to touch her stomach, or her thigh, or her arse. She made sure to lock her door every night now. And she made sure that her windows were all closed before she left, so he wouldn’t have a reason to fetch that spare key and go through her place in the daytime. How else did her things move about by themselves? Rey dumped her grocery bags on the bench, cookbook already open to the dumpling recipe. She shed her jacket and scarf, glancing at her frazzled self in the mirror. Grease spots, dry skin, dirt smear across her cheek, rumpled clothes, oil stains and a brand new red message on the glass. ‘Keep you safe.’ She said aloud. ‘Well that’s more uplifting than this mornings ‘slimy thoughts’.’ She laughed and shook her head. There was no rational explanation for these words, but sometimes life wasn’t rational. It certainly couldn’t be if a five year old was handed to an orphanage with the explicit instructions of ‘don’t find her a home, we’ll be back’. Of course, they didn’t, and the home never tried to place her. How was that rational? Rey prepped her ingredients and began to fashion her dumplings, already an hour into her meal making. It was fun, tiring, and hopefully worth the effort. She chewed on a spring onion as she worked, placing her little packages of goodness into her sizzling pan, following the instructions to the letter. She stared up at the canted ceiling as she waited for her timer to go off. A rent increase was a huge pain in the backside. Of course, it was still less than she had been paying, and she still didn’t need to worry about transport costs. She was still well in the green. No, the problem was the landlord. Unkar was being inappropriate and she had no idea how to deal with it. Was it something he did with every tenant? Or just her. Was she somehow lucky enough to be the only one? She’d never had the opportunity to meet anyone else. Somehow it was only ever Unkar she ran into. She heard people on the stairs, in the corridors occasionally, faintly, shuffling around, doors opening and closing, children crying or shouting. There was enough rubbish in the dumpsters to indicate that the building was occupied. She’d just never met any one of the occupants. Her timer went off and she rescued her now cooked dumplings. She took them into her studio, with a dish of chilli and soy sauce, and a mug of green tea, and sat on a new stool she’d rescued from the side of the road. Rey looked at her pieces scattered over the floor and began to imagine how they’d fit together as she ate. Halfway through formulating a plan, Rey realised she was staring at the scratches on the floor. The ones that were supposed to be hidden under the rug, which had somehow been flicked up again. Rey slid to the ground and lay on her belly. She splayed her fingers over the marks and traced them. They certainly looked like claw marks, spaced finger widths apart. She dragged her nails along them and hummed. Goosebumps trailed coldly from her neck to the base of her spine. She felt them over the swell of her butt and down her right thigh and calf. Her right hand, splayed over the grooves, grew inexplicably cold. She hummed again, and then laughed. ‘Finn would be losing his mind right now,’ she said to the air. ‘Poe would be, too. He pretends he’s cool with stuff, but his grandmother is super religious.’ She nodded at her own words. Then she sighed. ‘This is fucked.’ She sat up and stared at her floor. She felt sad, suddenly, the emotion trickling through her, taking away the pleasant fullness that had been her successful foray into the cooking world. ‘Maybe I should get a dog, or something,’ she mused into the silence. ‘So at least I’m not talking to the furniture.’ She looked at her hands, resting in her lap, and then tugged at the sleeves of her baggy jumper. The weather was growing increasingly colder. The weather reports were predicting snow flurries in the next few weeks. She’d have to get some warmer clothes before that happened. Rey huffed and turned her attention back to the task at hand. She picked up her soldering iron and plugged it in. A busy mind had little time to dwell on silly things. *** Kylo Ren watched as the girl pulled a fluffy woolen hat onto her head, jamming it down over her ears. The scarf was pulled snug around her neck, covering her mouth. She paused as she read the words on the mirror. She huffed a laugh and left her apartment. Kylo Ren fumed. For an entire week and a half he had been leaving messages. He had watched her read them, laugh at them, leave the house without so much as an eye roll. Was the girl impervious to everything? Did he have to make the paint rot and the walls bleed for her to pay attention? He had told her it would snow today, and she had left without a warmer jumper. He knew she had one, he had seen her pull it out of a bag yesterday, pulling labels from the collar. The girl was stubborn and foolish. He was itching at the ignorance she displayed. For an entire week and a half he had been on his best behaviour. Nothing had been broken, nothing had been slammed or shut or flipped … well, except for the rug. He hated the claw marks covered, and she had even touched them, had left the rug as he had placed it. It was a strangely fond memory, now, the way she had almost reverently touched his entry point into this forsaken realm. And so he had touched her, tracing a finger down the curve of her body before placing his palm over hers. She had been hot under his grasp, burning him with her life. An intriguing sensation. Still, though, she was ignoring him. Kylo Ren stalked up to the mirror and shoved it. Glass shattered into thousands of sharp shards, sparkling as they scattered across the floorboards. He threw open her cupboards and tore out her plates and glasses, smashed her ceramic bowls. The pot plants on her window sills exploded dirt and greenery. Her chair upended with a satisfying bang. Pots and pans and trays and utensils scattered across the floor. He used the knives for target practise against the spiders on the ceiling. He aimed for the spaces around them, not actually wanting to harm the ravenous little blood suckers. It was petty destruction, but see if she could ignore this. He smiled triumphantly and waited for the shadows to lengthen. Outside the world turned bitterly cold and white. Kylo Ren grinned viciously. Rey entered with a red face and red hands, teeth chattering despite her run up the stairs, and dripping nose. She looked positively frozen and Kylo Ren was filled with delight. She took in the level of destruction with wide eyes, mouth falling open. And then her lips pressed together in a thin line, eyes narrowing. ‘So you got the fucking weather right,’ she snarled, ‘big fucking whoop. You think the flu I’m probably going to catch isn’t punishment enough? Now I have to spend the whole damned night cleaning? What did you do, tear up my blankets as well? That would be right.’ She stalked into the bathroom and he followed her. She was screwing on the hot bathroom tap. The pipes shuddered and obeyed, slowly filling the tub. She shed her layers of clothes, dropping them thoughtlessly as she began to pace through the destruction of her living room and kitchen. ‘For a building you’re pretty temperamental, you know?’ She was still rambling, pulling her shirt over her head. Kylo Ren felt his eyebrows rise. The building? She pulled her chair up and drew the blinds of her window, getting dirt on her bare feet as she trudged through it. ‘How am I supposed to work hard when I have to worry about my plants? What if I got a pet? Would you throw it out the window? Would a lamp fall on it? Do you know how expensive light bulbs are? I’m not made of money and this is still the cheapest place to live. I made it look good and I am staying, do you understand?’ She appeared to be scolding the lamp on her kitchen bench as she danced through the debris to close the blinds in her kitchen. Her bra and pants joined the mess. She stepped through Kylo Ren to get back to the bathroom and the steaming water. She shivered as she did so. Kylo Ren found himself sitting on the toilet lid as she sank into the bath, facing him, her head resting against the tiled wall. She sighed. ‘That’s so much mess.’ She mumbled. ‘I am sorry.’ He answered, feeling rather sheepish now. It was a foreign feeling, and he almost resented her for it. ‘That was not the intention. I only wanted your attention.’ ‘Well you have it.’ She mumbled back and he stiffened, hackles rising. What? ‘It’s like this place is a wind tunnel. A small draft and smash everything breaks.’ Her eyes snapped open. ‘Not in my studio though?’ She looked ready to spring to her feet, the water sloshing as her muscles tensed. ‘No. That room was not touched,’ he assured her, and she relaxed. What in the seven hells of pain was going on here? Could she actually hear his words? How was she not a babbling fool? Was she actually insane? Her eyes drifted closed and she seemed to doze. The room was scented with lavender, tendrils of it rising with the misting steam. Kylo Ren breathed deep. It smelt of cleanliness and calmness. ‘I was going to cook tonight.’ She spoke softly, and he leant forward, despite being able to hear her clearly. ‘I can’t afford take out, either. I guess I’ll have to have a big breakfast tomorrow morning. If I get up early enough.’ She hummed to herself. And then she began to sing and Kylo Ren felt himself lean backwards, head reclining against the tiles, much like hers was. He felt inexplicably at peace in this very moment. Possibly the first time since he had been dragged here. She was a strange girl. He watched curiously as she eventually pulled herself from lukewarm water, droplets sluicing from bare skin. She dried herself quickly and efficiently, padding barefoot and naked into her room, where she pulled on warm clothes and thick socks. Rey stood in the doorway and surveyed the damage, shoulders sagging. ‘Is there even a reason for this?’ She huffed, and he felt compelled to answer her, to see. ‘For your attention.’ ‘Well you have it now.’ She muttered, bending down to pick up a small cactus, holding it delicately between her fingers. ‘I need your help.’ ‘Funny way to ask for it.’ She stooped and picked up another plant, and then another. They appeared to be her priority. ‘Do ghosts even need help?’ ‘I am not a ghost.’ ‘Uh huh.’ She picked up a pot and filled it with handfuls of dirt, getting muddy despite having just bathed. She set her plants carefully into the surface as she rescued them. ‘I am trapped and want to be released so I may return home.’ ‘That sounds ominous.’ He pushed her armchair out of the way so she could reach another of her buds. She hummed in response. ‘This is real.’ He said, feeling the need to clarify for her. She was far too calm and accepting. ‘I figured that much, thank you.’ ‘You are not scared.’ ‘Should I be? All you do is mess with my stuff, not me. If you wanted me gone you would have cut me into ribbons and thrown me out a window. If those scratches were you, I know you could do it.’ Kylo Ren stared at the dirt smudged girl, hunched on the floor in her pyjamas, fishing greenery from mud and shattered pottery, her hair pulled up into a messy bun. She straightened and looked about herself, through him, scanning the room. ‘If you made this mess, can you clean it up? I want to go to bed. I’m tired. And hungry.’ She wrinkled her nose in distaste. ‘I cannot.’ He admitted and she groaned loudly, head falling forward in frustration. ‘It takes energy to disturb your realm. It would require too much to piece this back together.’ ‘Well isn’t that convenient.’ She placed her rescued plants back on the windowsill and turned back to her bedroom. ‘If you’d kindly use the light switches to turn the lights off, that would be great. Night Ghost.’ Kylo Ren watched in amazement as the girl, Rey, entered her bedroom and closed the door. Not only could she somehow hear him, she expected him to turn off the lights. He stared at the main light switch for a long moment. He had never tried using one before. Chapter 5 Notes: Thank you guys for being such wonderful and kind readers. I was having a bad day last Wednesday and all your kind comments truly made me feel better as they started filtering through during my work day. You are honestly all the greatest and make writing this story worth it <3 I'd also like to note that I've been working on 'Demonology 101' chapters instead of 'Dim the Lights' and my Manuscript, hahaha, oops! It's just so much fun! ‘Was it blood?’ She asked into the stillness of the afternoon. She waited patiently for a response. Sometimes it took her ghost a long time to answer. ‘Yes.’ It was a he, she was fairly certain. The voice was dark and low, and she was pretty sure it was vibrating through her mind, and not her entire apartment, otherwise her neighbours would be complaining about the noise. ‘Oh, gross.’ She stuck her tongue out in distaste. It had been three days since they had spoken and for some reason she wasn’t freaking out and begging Finn to help her exorcise the unholy demon in her home. ‘Why blood?’ ‘It is very accessible.’ ‘Yours, right?’ She rubbed her hands together. She’d touched that stuff. ‘Of course.’ ‘Can you use pens?’ She asked, and then giggled at the idea of a ghost writing on a whiteboard, or leaving post-it notes. ‘I have not tried.’ Rey hummed and put down her soldering iron. The small piece she was working on glimmered in the spotlight she’d set up in her workspace. She was sitting next to the claw marks, on the floor. He seemed most talkative when she was in this room. ‘So how am I supposed to free you, anyway? Like, will you just appear and eat my soul, or will you go back to wherever you came from?’ ‘I am not sure.’ He answered after a pause. She felt a brush of cold that she was beginning to associate with him. ‘You’re not sure if you’ll eat my soul?’ Rey felt a flare of alarm. The voice in her head appeared to chuckle. She wasn’t sure if that’s what the rumble meant. ‘I am not sure whether I will remain in this realm, or return to my own.’ ‘Oh.’ She began to attach a new component to her artwork. The sun was warm where it the light fell over her extended left leg. She leant back and tilted her head, squinting. It was starting to look like a little metallic squirrel made of springs and cogs. She smiled, pleased. Finn was going to love it. She was planning to make a cat for Poe. ‘So how did you get here?’ ‘I was summoned.’ ‘How do you unsummon?’ She hissed as she burnt herself on hot metal, putting the offended digit in her mouth and sucking. She felt a brush of cool against her cheek and rubbed at it thoughtlessly with her injured hand. ‘I am unaware of the process, as I was not privy to the one that brought me here.’ Rey hummed thoughtfully and began to work again. She could hear a bird singing outside, probably perched on the roof and looking for it’s mate. Someone was revving their car in the parking lot, the sound loud and jarring in the stillness of the crisp autumn afternoon. ‘So can you go to other places?’ She asked after a while, waiting for the newest additions to cool before she tilted the work on its side. The tail was proving finicky. It took a long time for him to respond. ‘I can go into the below space, where there is a large young woman and an elderly man. He does not move much, and she consumes far more than I have ever seen a human eat.’ ‘They must be the downstairs neighbours.’ No wonder they were quiet, then. ‘Anywhere else?’ ‘I am bound to this place. Within these walls. I cannot even venture above to the sky.’ ‘How come?’ She tilted the squirrel and watched a bolt fall loose. She caught it and scowled at the betrayal. She hadn’t joined it very well. She righted the squirrel and rectified the problem. ‘This room is my most comfortable space. These walls that you term as your own are mine.’ ‘Lease says otherwise, Mister Ghost.’ ‘I am not a ghost.’ ‘I know.’ She hummed. Her phone rang, so she switched off the soldering iron and set it down carefully on the stand. She had to kneel to tug it out of her back pocket. ‘Hey Poe!’ She said, standing up properly and stretching. She glanced out at cerulean skies, fluffy white clouds scudding along in gentle waves. The snow had melted already, but it wouldn’t be long for it set in properly. The bird was still singing merrily. She could hear its friend now, joining in. She watched as the squirrel at her feet shifted slightly. She automatically stepped back to give her ghost some room to inspect her handywork. Had he ever seen a squirrel before? She’d have to ask him. ‘Hey Rey,’ Poe answered, voice all warmth and friendliness, wrapping her up in warm fuzzies. Rey beamed at the empty room, unable to help herself. She may not have many friends, but the two she’d found in Finn and Poe were more than she could ever have hoped for. ‘What can I do for you, Mister Dameron?’ ‘A take two, if that’s okay with you?’ ‘A take two?’ Rey walked into the kitchen and flicked on the kettle. She fished out a tea bag and mug while she waited for it to boil. It had been flicked off when she pulled her head out of the cupboard. Rey waved her hand in the air and frowned, turning it back on again. The kettle began to bubble accordingly. ‘Yeah, we come over and look at your place again.’ ‘Is Finn going to start burning sage?’ She asked quickly, staring at the kettle to make sure it finished boiling. ‘I promise to frisk him before we get there.’ ‘Please don’t or you’ll never make it.’ She responded light heartedly, knowing exactly where that would lead. ‘When do you want to come over, anyway?’ ‘Uh, well, I’m kind of standing outside a store, waiting for Finn to finish picking out ties, so … when that’s done?’ ‘I have tea.’ Rey said, watching as the switch flicked off before the kettle finished boiling. She glared at it until it flicked back on again. Good. ‘I’ll get some danish pastries, then!’ Poe sounded excited. Perhaps because it was still light out and Finn probably thought the ghosties only came out at nighttime. Well, was he in for a surprise. ‘Sounds good! I’ll see you in thirty or so, then! I don’t smell nice, though.’ ‘So we should bring some sage?’ Poe teased. Rey laughed and they hung up. ‘Will you quit it?’ She said to the apartment. ‘I’m thirsty and I need that to finish!’ ‘Your friends are coming here.’ ‘They are.’ She told the disembodied voice, now wondering if she should wait for her guests before she had a tea. She pulled out two more mugs and added tea bags, deciding she’d be polite and wait. ‘Why?’ ‘Because they’re my friends and I miss them, and it’s what friends do. And Mister Ghost, you are going to be on best behaviour. No ghost shenanigans! No slamming doors, smashing bulbs or knocking over things. No cold spots, no creepy sounds. I like them and I want them to feel welcome here. My name is on the lease so this is my home. You’re just a freeloader as far as I’m concerned. You don’t pay rent and cost me so much in damages!’ She had no frame of reference for where he was, or if he was anywhere at all, so she marched back to her studio as she talked, scooping up her present to put away. It had moved several feet and been tilted on its side from his inspection. ‘I should get shares in the light bulb company, honestly.’ There was a rumble, low and soundless. She took that from grumbled assent and she smiled as she set the squirrel on a shelving unit, right way up. She closed the open windows and locked them, pulling the curtains closed to keep in the warmth. She managed to make her bed and wipe down the bathroom and kitchen before she had to run down and get her friends. ‘Best behaviour.’ She warned before she pulled the front door closed behind her. Her ghost remained stubbornly silent. *** ‘Good afternoon Rey,’ Unkar greeted her on the third flight of stairs. It appeared he was also on the way down. She was stuck with him. ‘Afternoon,’ she said, resigning herself to fall into step and hope he didn’t brush her arse again. ‘You’ve cut back on your electrician requests,’ he commented, wheezing slightly as he descended. ‘Everything’s started working again. You must have been right! No issue. There was probably a rat chewing itself silly on the wires.’ She laughed lightly, trying to play off the stress of this situation. Unkar might be a man that tried to look after himself, but it was in a disgustingly selfish way. She occasionally thought of her spare key sitting somewhere in his apartment and shuddered at the thought. ‘You’re the longest tenant I’ve had in that place for quite some time. Decades, I’d say. Quite impressive.’ ‘Oh?’ She asked lightly as they got closer the flight of stairs that would lead her to the front doors. She could already see the shadowy outlines of her friends patiently waiting. At least they understood it took time for her to get to them. ‘Ghosts, you know. Biggest pain in my arse. Hysterical women, men drugged out of their brains all clamouring about ghosts. It’s just rumours, you know,’ but his eyes were trying to pin her down, trying to glean an answer from her. Rey shrugged her shoulders and felt herself breathing in relief as she was finally able to peel herself away from his side. ‘I haven’t seen one.’ She said. ‘If I did I’d make it start paying rent.’ She threw open the door before he could answer and she warmly greeted her friends. Finn actually looked pleased to be there. The smell of pastries was intoxicating. ‘How’d the tie hunt go?’ She asked Finn as they began the trek upwards. ‘Good. I’m starting to put together my work outfits now to spread the cost. I’ve got some comfortable shoes, but I needed ties. I can do a fashion parade for you while we have tea?’ ‘In just the tie?’ Poe got in before Rey could answer. Finn responded with a light punch to the shoulder. Rey laughed. ‘Please wear pants, at least.’ Rey begged. She’d missed the bantering. She’d missed them. She watched them fondly as they grinned at one another, eyes crinkling, hands touching. They were always touching, these two, whether it was holding the back of a jacket, finger threaded through the others belt loop, pinkies touching, shoes touching. Something was always connected between them. Rey sighed happily. ‘Alright, pants and tie fashion show.’ Finn agreed, dangling his shopping bag from his fingers. The laughed and teased all the way up to her door. Finn barely hesitated as he stepped through, though she didn’t miss the frantic look around as he entered, as if expecting the boogy man to jump out at him. ‘I boiled the kettle, but I’ll just reheat it.’ Rey said, flicking on the switch. ‘Don’t touch,’ she muttered softly under her breath, knowing full well Mister Ghost could hear her just fine. She pulled out a plate and dumped the danish pastries on them, mouth watering at the sight. The kettle couldn’t boil fast enough. They settled into the seats of a small dining set she’d managed to scavenge. The four seats and table had just needed a good scrub down, bit of a sand and a lick of paint. The light blue worked well, and the cream and green floral cushions she’d splurged on were comfortable. ‘This place gets great light,’ Finn complimented. ‘Oh, here, I’ll show you! We didn’t finish last time!’ Rey dumped the pastries on the table and hauled Finn towards her bedroom. She threw open the door, after putting her shoulder into it, and showed off the curtains she’d made and the bed she’d put together. ‘Looks even better here than it did in the store!’ Finn exclaimed, clapping his hands together. ‘Thanks!’ Rey was already dragging them to the bathroom. Poe pulled back a bit. ‘I saw the photos,’ he said hesitantly, so Rey made sure to shove him in first, after she shoved open the doors. ‘Well I’ll be.’ Poe amended, clearly impressed by the yellowing tiles that were definitely clean. She hadn’t replaced the cabinet above the sink yet, but she’d stuck up a picture from a magazine so she could look at a forest while she brushed her teeth. Finn chuckled at it. ‘So your doors look a bit heavy,’ Finn said as she reacquainted them the second room. ‘I need to take them down and shave them down a bit,’ she admitted. ‘They’ve been low on the priority list, and it’s been nice not having to do anything for a bit.’ Both men hummed agreement and they sat and enjoyed their teas while Finn showed off his five new ties. One for each day of the week. Blue, red, purple, yellow and orange. He had socks to match, too. Rey wished she’d had a primary school teacher like him. Education probably would have been a lot more interesting with a teacher like Mr. Storm. She was sad when they said they had to go. They were both so relaxed and happy, and Finn was already promising to come back with his laptop so they could order pizza and watch movies in her bed. Rey felt like her heart couldn’t fill with any more love for them as she locked the door after their retreating backs. She turned and blinked away the tears as she stared into her glaringly empty apartment. ‘What is the human fascination for bright colours?’ Mister Ghost made his appearance known with a full body shiver. She wondered if that meant she’d just walked through him. The concept was a little unsettling. ‘They’re pretty.’ She said, clearing away the cups and empty plate. She stood at the sink and watched them. The kettle flicked on and off to her left. She watched the motion absently. ‘What does that have to do with functionality? Do matching colourful ties and socks affect the productivity or ability to complete one’s assigned task?’ ‘Finn’s going to work with children, they’ll appreciate it.’ ‘You wear bright objects and do not work with children.’ ‘No, I work with machines.’ ‘Do these machines appreciate the bright colours?’ Rey laughed at his words. ‘No, they really don’t.’ She giggled, emptying the sink as she set the last mug on the drying rack. ‘You ask funny questions.’ ‘I am trying to understand. Humans are very strange creatures.’ ‘Thanks, I guess.’ She started flicking off the lights until only the lamp by her chair was on. She sat down for a moment and looked out over the town. It was still early. Perhaps she’d read for a bit. ‘Oh, and Mister Ghost?’ He grumbled at the name. ‘Thanks for behaving. I was worried because, I dunno. You’re a ghost, you probably have weird ghost logic, but thank you.’ ‘They will come back again. They will bring a laptop and sit in your bed?’ ‘Yes, and it’ll be fun.’ He made a strange noise and she realised he was mimicking her humming sound. Rey grinned out into the night, propper her chin on her hand. ‘Do you like observing people?’ ‘It is enlightening.’ ‘Like what?’ ‘When you are at rest your face makes strange shapes, and you toss and turn abruptly. These actions are not normal when you are awake.’ ‘You watch me sleep?’ She looked back into the apartment in concern. She’d never considered that. She frowned, brows furrowing. ‘And when you are relaxed the most, such as when you bathe, you sing. Yet when you are comfortable you smile or create musical sounds. Your friend Poe, the curly haired one, he smiles a lot also, but his smiles mean many different things. They are quite hard to distinguish between.’ ‘Wait, in the bathroom? Do you … have you … you’ve seen me naked?’ ‘Of course.’ ‘No!’ She shrieked, jumping to her feet. ‘No that’s not okay!’ She crossed her arms over her chest and felt her face burn with an embarrassed blush. ‘That’s really not cool, Ghost.’ ‘I do not understand.’ ‘Okay, new rules. If you do not follow them I will not help you. Okay?’ ‘What are your terms?’ His voice sounded strained, wary. She wasn’t used to different inflections. He was usually quite monotone. It took her a moment to adjust. ‘My bedroom and my bathroom are off limits.’ ‘Because you are naked?’ ‘Yes. Because I need my privacy, and just because you’re some ghost doesn’t mean you get a free show!’ ‘I do not understand.’ ‘Of course you don’t!’ She threw her hands up in the air and pointed dramatically at her bedroom door. ‘That room is off limits!’ She said, before pointing at the bathroom door. ‘And so is that one!’ If I am in there you are not. You are out here and you wait. I don’t mind you playing with the kettle of watching me work or read, but do not watch me go to the toilet or … or in the privacy of my bedroom.’ And she was all the more mortified for what else he could have seen her doing in her bed. She wanted the floor to open up and swallow her whole. Oh god. ‘I accept these terms.’ He said after an incredibly long pause. ‘Okay.’ She breathed out heavily. ‘Okay. Thank you.’ ‘This is a human thing. You are … embarrassed right now.’ ‘Yes I am.’ ‘Why?’ ‘Because privacy is seriously valued, okay? Bathing, the toilet, the bedroom, very private things!’ ‘But you will sit on your bed with your friends?’ ‘Because we’re very close, and it’s comfortable, yes. But they don’t stand there all night watching me sleep.’ ‘I see.’ She wondered if he really did, but let it go. Instead she sat back down and picked up her book, thumbing to the bookmark. It wasn’t in the right place and she heard him chuckle. Chapter 6 Rey wondered if ghosts got bored. It had been quite a few weeks since her roommate had started talking to her, and so far they had done nothing about his predicament. For a supposed demon he had very little working knowledge about how to free himself. So here she was, hiding from the snow, on her way back from work, standing in the local library in front of a bookshelf laden with conspiracy theories and supernatural sightings. Amongst the titles were picture books of Nessie sightings and UFO’s. Rey sighed, finger hovering over a book on ghosts. How was this her life now? Before she could slip into that thought train she plucked the book off the shelf and sat at a table, idly thumbing through the pages. It was all she expected, really. Old, grainy photos of objects that might have been people or lens smears. Fantastically decrepit houses, neglected and abandoned for decades, insane asylums, castles, all the standard haunting spots. No two bedroom apartments, though. Rey thumbed through the pages, mostly just looking at the images as she waited for the snow to ease up a little bit. Someone was drinking coffee and it was making her stomach rumble. She was on the verge of snapping the book shut when an image caught her eye. Rey hesitated. The symbols carved into the wall of an old hospital ward looked familiar. Rey frowned and pulled out her phone, taking a picture. She found no description, and the text around it only blathered on about ghost babies, not what the strange symbols meant. They looked familiar though, and she’d know. She’d spent days trying to cover the damned things in paint. More optimistic than she thought she’d be, Rey returned the book and ventured to the big glass doors that led to the big white world. She tugged on her beanie, mittens and scarf, mentally preparing herself for the cold. ‘Rey?’ She half turned at the familiar voice, face crinkling in confusion. ‘Um, Matt, hi.’ She watched her ex approach, his blond hair scruffy from wearing a hat, glasses partially fogged with the temperature change. There were still snowflakes in his wild curls. ‘What are you doing here?’ ‘Work,’ he said, pulling her into a hug that was probably a little overly familiar given that they’d broken up for his inability to be less familiar with other women. ‘A fun little business trip. I’m here for the week, though, if you want to catch up?’ ‘Yeah, sure, I-’ ‘Your number’s still the same, right?’ He cut it, ‘I still have it!’ She blinked at him slowly, mind reeling at the hows and whys of the entire scenario. ‘Yeah, cool,’ she stammered, utterly unprepared for this. ‘I need to … go, I have a thing. I’ll … I’ll talk to you later, then,’ Rey tightened her grip on her bag. Matt smiled, cheeks dimpling, brown eyes sparkling as she pushed out into the ice, trotting quickly away so he couldn’t see her have a panic attack. *** ‘Matt?’ Finn exclaimed. He pushed the mug into her hands and Rey accepted it eagerly, wrapping cold fingers around the warming ceramic. She inhaled the smell of hot cocoa and smiled. A soft beat was playing on the radio, barely audible over the clack of cutlery and murmur of voices in the bustling cafe. ‘Yeah, he was just … there, you know? And he still has my number.’ ‘Of course he does,’ Poe said, and then grimaced slightly. ‘Not that it’s what I still do, of course,’ he patted Finn’s thigh, ‘but back in the day, you know-’ ‘When you were a slut,’ Rey supplied. Finn giggled and Poe had the good nature to flush red. ‘Well, yeah. Back in the day when I was a slut, thanks Rey, I kept everyone’s number in case I could hook up with them again.’ He grinned nervously. ‘I mean, even people who left me, I kept their numbers. You never knew. Some were up for round two or three. It was handy.’ He shrugged his shoulders apologetically. ‘But he cheated on me,’ Rey growled, staring down at the marshmallows melting in her drink. She picked up a teaspoon and poked at them idly, trying not to think back on that particular event. She should have known, of course, all the signs had been there. The work trips, the midnight messages, he was too handsome and too nice. It had been all too good to be true. Rey sighed and took a sip, savouring the creamy warmth. ‘Now, I’m not one to-’ ‘Yes, Poe. Yes you are.’ Finn said quickly, cutting off his boyfriend. ‘You remember that guy I went to college with? He slept with that guy from your work and was never called back again! You always suggest the hook up!’ ‘This is different!’ Poe looked offended, eyes widening in mock hurt. Rey giggled despite her dour mood. Poe looked a bit like a penguin, rugged up in a thick parka, scarf still around his neck. He hated the cold more than she did. Meanwhile Finn was sitting in a long sleeved shirt with the arms pushed up to the elbows, drinking a coke with ice cubes in it. A cold shiver ran down Rey’s spine just thinking about it. ‘How?’ Finn pressed, turning on his grumpy glare, bottom lip sticking out in a semi-pout. Rey took another sip of her drink and watched the show unfold. ‘Well she already knows a relationship won’t work, but how long has it been?’ His attention swivelled to her. ‘You broke up a few years ago and I’m pretty sure you would’ve told us if you scored.’ Rey almost choked on her cocoa. Poe took it as confirmation and kept talking. ‘He looks like a good lay, I reckon go for it. Get it out of your system.’ ‘He’s not in my system anymore!’ She whisper-yelled in mortification, feeling her face flush hot and red. She glanced around the small cafe. No one was paying them any attention, too wrapped up in their own lives to care. Poe shrugged and leant back in his seat, sipping at his coffee. His eyes were sparkling wickedly, though, as if he knew something she didn’t. Rey glared harder. ‘How about we change the subject,’ Finn suggested lightly with a smile. ‘Still enjoying your haunted apartment?’ *** Rey stared at the ceiling, replaying the conversation over and over again in her head until it was a false collage of Matt sliding into the cafe to say hi while Poe made lewd gestures behind his back. She groaned and pulled her pillow over her head. It hadn’t been in her system until Poe had suggested it. The only saving grace was that she didn’t have Matt’s number. ‘Ghost?’ She called out softly, giving up on sleep and dragging a blanket out to her chair. She sat in the dark, huddled up in the soft warmth. ‘Demon.’ He corrected immediately. Rey sniffed dismissively. ‘Do you ever get bored?’ She closed her eyes and rested her head against the upholstered side of the chair, breathing in deep the faint smell of cleaner and moth-balls. She liked to imagine this particular chair came from a nice little old lady who had handfuls of grandchildren and cats and puppies, who baked cookies and told wonderful bedtime stories. On nights like this, when her mind wouldn’t rest, the thought made things a little more bearable. Mister Ghost didn’t answer for quite awhile. ‘Do you sleep?’ She tried again, listening for any noise. He was being physically silent, too. She’d walked out occasionally in the middle of the night to get a drink, only to find something skittering across the floorboards. The first time she’d thought it was a mouse. The second time she’d bothered flicking on a light and saw her metal squirrel being toddled along. Apparently Mister Ghost liked to play. ‘What is bored?’ He finally answered. His voice was loud, as if he were right near her. Rey pulled her blankets tighter, waiting for the inevitable brush of cold he brought with him. ‘When you don’t have anything to do. You just kind of sit and stare and do nothing. I nap when I’m bored. But I don’t get bored often. I usually make something.’ He made that humming sound that he’d learnt off her. Rey smiled. She felt a brush of cold against her cheek and she wrinkled her nose. The cold spot moved to there instead. ‘Quit it, you’re like ice,’ she said, rubbing frantically at the frozen bridge of her nose. ‘I do not sleep. I do not get bored. I cannot nap.’ ‘So what do you do in your not bored time?’ ‘I observe.’ Rey hummed softly at the non-committal answer. The studio door creaked open. Rey cracked an eye to see the squirrel appear. ‘I observe this.’ ‘You really like that.’ ‘It is … aesthetically pleasing.’ ‘It’s a gift.’ She held her hand out and it was placed in her palm. ‘A gift?’ ‘A present. I’m making it for Finn. To give to him, so he can keep it.’ ‘I see.’ He said in that monotone way of his. Rey laughed. She knew he definitely didn’t. He took the squirrel back and she watched it hover mid-air. A levitating squirrel of metal, glinting dully in the almost-blackness of her apartment. ‘You are not sleeping.’ He said. Rey jerked at the sound of his voice, wrenched out of the half-sleep she wasn’t even aware she’d been slipping into. ‘What has you troubled?’ ‘Human shit, don’t worry about it,’ she yawned widely. ‘I think I can sleep now. Thanks Ghost.’ ‘Demon.’ He corrected. Rey picked up her blanket and hobbled back to bed. *** Kylo Ren had been watching her for three days and did not know what to make of her behaviour. The girl was acting erratically. He fiddled with the squirrel, tracing the shapes and contours as he watched Rey fly about her apartment. She was cleaning, dusting, putting things away and swearing loudly. She dropped a glass and it shattered sparkling shards over the ground. He raised his eyebrows and said nothing. She looked next to tears. It had all been after a phone call. He had heard that awful frequency pierce through his mind, a sharp squeal that mellowed out slightly once she answered. The girl had been in the hall, where he could not reach, and where he could barely hear her. But he could feel and she had felt calm, as she did after most of her days at work. Only, as she spoke, her emotions spiked to a frenzy of panic and excitement and fear and nervousness and he could almost taste the acidic burn of bile on his own tongue. She had entered the apartment in an utter mess, dropping everything to the floor and pacing circles. She did not greet him, did not speak to him. She called her friend Poe instead and yelled at him for putting bad ideas into her head. And then she paced some more. He decided that ice cream and chocolate seemed to soothe emotional spikes, though, after she left and returned with a lot of both, spending the next two days consuming it all. She did not speak to him at all over those three days. Kylo Ren wondered if perhaps this was what boredom was supposed to be like. He set the squirrel down carefully onto the shelf in his room and stood outside her bedroom door. He waited patiently for her to exit. When she did she was in a riot of colour again. A bright purple scarf and pink woolen hat. A dark grey dress printed with bright flowers, dark tights and shoes the same colour as her scarf. Kylo Ren blinked slowly as she passed through him. He turned and watched as she did another once over of the apartment, checking for mess. Checking for his mess. He reached out and touched the scarf. He could feel the texture of it, for a brief moment, carding through his fingers. He did not understand why it had to be so bright though. He was about to ask, but she was pulling the front door closed behind her. The key clicked in the lock. Kylo Ren frowned. He looked at his hand and remembered how soft the wool was. Kylo Ren hummed and went back to his room. He sat and looked at the squirrel and wondered how he would know if he was bored. Perhaps he would ask her to clarify, if she stopped acting so strangely. Beside the squirrel was a collection of metal objects. Kylo Ren observed them for a long moment, before slowly picking them up. He looked at the squirrel, at the item Rey called a soldering iron, and then back at what was in his hands. When Rey was bored she kept herself busy. She created things. Kylo Ren was not in the habit of creating. He looked at the tiny metal hands that Rey had fashioned. He looked at the eyes and the tail. Kylo Ren set about creating a gift for Rey. It was hard, the process tedious as creating the necessary heat to meld the alloys together took some willpower. He was disturbed by the sound of the front door opening. Kylo Ren paused, head rising and turning in the direction. He could sense her returning. He placed everything back neatly. She was not alone. He passed through the door, on his best behaviour for her. But she was not in the living room. He looked to her bedroom door and heard giggling, talking, a deep voice murmuring. Perhaps they had a laptop and were sitting on her bed. He still did not know what a laptop was. He had not had a chance to ask her. Just like he had not had a chance to discuss how her research was going. Rey had been very uncommunicative and stressed. It was possibly another human thing he did not understand yet. There were many. Kylo Ren stiffened as he heard a yelp, and then a moan. He moved to her bedroom door and hesitated. Those were not good sounds, were they? Was she being hurt? Was that what a laptop did? Kylo Ren turned away. He did not care for human things, they were strange and complicated. He wanted to return home. Rey made another strange sound and he turned back again. Kylo Ren found himself stuck in a moment of indecision. He found himself obliged to make sure that his human was in good health, but she had strictly forbidden him from her sleeping room. The sounds she made were ones of distress, surely on this occasion she would permit just a peek? Besides, unless he touched her or moved something she would not even know he was there. He wondered why he was so caught up in respecting her wishes of privacy. So he could be free, he decided promptly. It was logical. Her demands were easily met. Except for this very moment. Kylo Ren stepped through her bedroom wall and tilted his head curiously. If Rey was in pain, she seemed perfectly happy with it. The man, one he had not seen before, was naked, covering her, his hands sliding between her legs, the movements making her pant and gasp. Kylo Ren almost hummed, but caught himself just in time. He bent down to see what the man was doing, but it made little sense to him. He had seen Rey do this to herself, but the man seemed far more adept. Shrugging his shoulders instead, Kylo Ren was about to turn and exit when the man pulled away, almost stepping through him. Kylo Ren moved quickly aside for fear of being caught breaking the truce. The man did not notice a cold spot, too intent on kneeling over Rey, pushing her thighs open to slide … oh. Oh no. That was disgusting. Kylo Ren left the room promptly. Chapter 7 Notes: Hello my wonderful readers! I don't know if I've spruiked it yet, so spruik I shall! One of my wonderful readers, Jennity, who can be found here or here , has been going around and turning fanfics into audio books! She's working on two of my stories right now, one of them being Dim the Lights (A Reylo AU with a touch of Reyux) The other, obviously, is this one! Demonology 101 ! How great is that? I mean, I love all my other readers too, but come on guys, look at this! =P Rey sat nursing a cup of tea and regretting ever bringing up the topic of Matt with Poe. Sure. Sleep with your ex. Great plan. Bonus points for having him groan out some other woman’s name as he’s pumping himself all over your neck, because that’s so incredibly sexy. It sure started well, but that had quickly devolved into Rey wondering what she was going to cook for dinner the next night. Should she have borrowed that creepy ghost library book? Did she put that order in at work, or was it still sitting on the counter waiting for her on Monday? Luckily Matt was not one to stick around after he’d made her all sticky. Wham, bam, thank you Mam. You can clean yourself up, I know where the door is. Charming to the last. That had not been what she needed. ‘I have some questions.’ Tea sloshed over the brim of the cup and burned her hand. Rey swore and set the mug down on the table, jumping up to grab some paper towels before the upholstery stained. ‘Jesus, Ghost,’ she hissed in a mixture of embarrassment, panic and shame. ‘That is the first time I have startled you,’ he commented, sounding surprised. Rey glared at nothing in particular. She felt cold press against the burn on her hand. It felt good. She couldn’t help the sigh that escaped her lips. ‘What questions?’ She asked, locating the towels and returning to press them against the lost tea. ‘Was he hurting you?’ Rey paused mid action, liquid bleeding through the paper in her palm. ‘Excuse me?’ She said, feeling her face slowly heat up. Last night she had forgotten that her apartment was sentient. ‘The man that you brought back with you yesterday evening, was he hurting you?’ ‘Not physically,’ she muttered, feeling about seventy different variations of mortified as she forced her attention back to the stains. Her eyes felt about two sizes too big for her skull, skin tight over her cheekbones, fingers feeling creaky from the tension in them. ‘Were you … was that what you do with your friends Finn and Poe on the bed with a laptop?’ The deep voice was so sincere and certain. Rey burst out laughing, she couldn’t help it, the violent mood swing startling herself. This was hysterical. Perhaps she was going hysterical? She laughed until she was crying, tears streaming from the corners of her eyes. She felt the press of cold against them, and waved her hand in front of her face, feeling her arm move through two cold zones, passing through him. ‘A laptop is a computer, you view things on it, surf the net, check out news, watch movies. I don’t have one, or I’d show you.’ ‘Then what were you doing with him? I …’ Mister Ghost trailed off and Rey took the opportunity to finish cleaning her chair, quickly picking herself up and finishing the job before her swinging emotions could get the better of her again. She didn’t dare touch her tea, worried now that she’d slosh it with the way her hands trembled. Chair saved to her satisfaction, Rey curled her legs up under her and waited for the next question. ‘I went into your bedroom last night.’ ‘You what ?’ She shrieked, already knowing from his line of questioning, already beyond horrified and mortified and distraught that someone had caught her like that. Had seen her … seen them … with him of all people … ‘We have rules Ghost! You do not go in there when I am!’ ‘I thought you were in need of assistance.’ ‘I-what?’ She cut herself off in confusion. ‘You sounded as though you may have been hurt. You had a stranger with you. I was ensuring your safety.’ Rey didn’t know what to say to that. She closed her mouth, jaw tense as she processed his words. Had he been … worried about her? Was he trying to look out for her best interests? ‘The thing he did was what your Landlord envisions when he looks at you.’ ‘No, no, no thank you. I don’t need that thought in my head.’ Rey sprang from her chair, passing through a wall of ice, before pacing large circles around her small dining table and living room. ‘I do not need to know that.’ She already knew that, the way Unkar always kept close to her side when he was in her company, the way his eyes stayed and lingered on certain areas it was just … she didn’t need it verbally confirmed by some occult entity! ‘Why do you allow the stranger to do that with you and not your Landlord?’ He sounded genuinely perplexed and Rey wanted to laugh all over again at the whole situation, could feel it struggling to bubble up out of her throat. Instead her face burned red hot and she wanted to simply disappear. She was having a sex talk with a temperamental ghost. This was actually happening. ‘He’s my ex,’ she said, trying to end the conversation as quickly as possible. ‘I do not understand.’ She should’ve known that wouldn’t work. ‘Boyfriend. Ex-boyfriend. It’s what partners do with each other. You know, sex. It’s for fun.’ ‘I see. But you are not his partner anymore. Is this still for … fun?’ Rey couldn’t do this. She simply couldn’t. No part of her nineteen years on earth had equipped her for this moment. Give her a teenager, giver her a five year old, hell give her a monkey and she could probably explain sex quite comfortably. But a ghost? Some invisible thing that had seen her … seen Matt doing … with her and … this was not covered in school. Rey hauled open her front door and stood in the hallway for several minutes, savouring the quietness, the solitude, the distinct lack of icy patches. She breathed in deeply and exhaled slowly. Oh this was all levels of fucked. A disaster of a hook up with a self-entitled bastard, and now the ninth-degree from her apartment. All she needed was Unkar to walk up the stairs and tell her that rent was being increased again, while dressed in a thong. That would be the icing on the proverbial cake. As if on cue she could hear footsteps on the stairwell. Spooked, Rey re-entered her apartment, heading straight for the fridge to see if she had any cider in there. There was not. There was, in fact, next to nothing in her fridge. Great. She also had to do the groceries. ‘Why fingers?’ ‘ Okay! Enough! ’ She yelled, slamming the refrigerator door shut. ‘That is a privacy thing!’ ‘You have done it before, by yourself.’ Oh Lord have mercy on her soul. ‘Because it feels good , Ghost, that’s why. That’s all you need to know. It’s a sex thing. A human thing. No more questions, no more perverted trips into my bedroom. If I need you I’ll call for you. Deal?’ She glared about the room, wishing she could see him so she could kick his arse and make him shut the hell up. This wasn’t happening. This was embarrassing. This was mortification at its finest. This was a level of torture that world experts couldn’t dream up. ‘That is acceptable,’ he seemed to acquiesce. ‘Well I’m glad,’ she snarled, giving up on food and deciding to take her anger out on something a little more tangible. She tried to push open the studio door. It wouldn’t budge. Rey growled. ‘Let me in, Ghost.’ She hissed, putting her shoulder into it and twisting the handle, hard. ‘This is my room.’ ‘What are you, twelve?’ She stepped back and kicked, hard. The impact jolted through her knee and into her hip. The door didn’t so much as rattle in the frame. ‘This is my house and you will let me in .’ She folded her arms and sneered at the heavy obstacle, breathing heavily. She wanted to smash and tear and generally just destroy something. She was going to make Poe shout her the next five meals out. This was his idea, his fault. ‘My age has no correlation to this scenario, and my existence is calculated far differently in my realm compared to this one.’ Rey felt her shoulders sag, exhaustion settling heavy in her bones. ‘Just let me into the fucking room.’ She mumbled. ‘It is private.’ ‘Ghost,’ she said warningly. The door groaned as it swung gently inwards. Rey did not offer thanks. She simply entered and stood cross-armed on her rug. She stared at the wall that connected to the bathroom and frowned, remembering the picture from the library. She dragged her toe along the grooves in the floor, not really looking as she did so. It was more a habit, now. It felt good to focus on something other than what they’d been discussing, imperative almost for her own sanity. How to get rid of her ghost. Hell, after what he’d just mentally done to her she’d be glad to get rid of him. At least then there’d be no witnesses for her shameful one night stands with ex’s that were ex’s for a damned good reason. The marks on the wall had been like the ones in the book. Would destroying the marks solve the problem? Smashing the wall would involve possibly damaging plumbing and electrical, plus replastering and painting. It could be costly … but doable … and a good way to work out the incredible amounts of tension and frustration coursing through her. ‘The marks,’ she said to the room, ‘I saw a picture of them.’ ‘Those are my marks,’ he said agreeably, disgustingly unphased by what had just transpired between them. She had the distinct impression he was standing beside her, on the rug. It was an incredibly strange notion. Rey pushed the thought aside and focused. ‘Do you think they’d send you back?’ ‘If they were destroyed?’ ‘Yeah. Like, I painted over them, but that’s not destroying, that’s just covering. What if we break them?’ Mister Ghost hummed. Rey smiled despite herself. She felt better now that she was being productive. She could fix this. ‘No.’ He finally said, crushing that thought with a single syllable. Rey’s smile slipped. ‘Those are my marks. They are supposed to stay there.’ ‘Says who?’ She insisted. ‘Why can’t we try?’ ‘They must not be damaged.’ He refused to be drawn out on any why’s or how’s, no matter how she phrased them. Instead he seemed to get more defensive until finally he simply stop replying, as helpful as ever. Rey turned her back on both him and the wall and went to her work collection on the bookshelf. She had a cat to make for Poe. The activity would distract her mind, keep her hands busy. She could be productive in another way entirely. Although, perhaps the cat would be missing a head. Sleep with your ex, indeed. She grinned savagely at the concept. Chapter 8 Rey pushed open her apartment door, still half frozen despite sprinting up all five stairwells. It had been snowing almost the entire day. Walking home had burned her thighs and numbed her face and hands. All of her felt like frozen fire. She needed a hot bath, a mug of hot cocoa and to curl up in her chair with her blanket and a book. Or perhaps she’d make Mister Ghost tell her a story. He had to know some good ones. It was only fair he start to make himself more useful than playing with her small art pieces. Maybe he could do a puppet show for her. She almost giggled when a sound stopped her. Rey stopped breathing, stopped moving. Mister Ghost was a purveyor of noises. But those noises had so far not involved floorboards. And after the other week she was fairly certain he would not be in her bedroom. Another sickly groan of tired wood. She hadn’t even known the floorboards could make a noise. ‘Oh, damn.’ She said out loud, mouth moving before she could really think about it. ‘My mail.’ Rey slowly backed out and closed her door, locking it again. She walked down all five flights of stairs and then out the front door. She stood in the blistering cold for several minutes, not seeing the swirls of white dancing about her, the icicles tinkling from the twisted branches of the tree by the mail boxes. Her breath fogged before her as she kept herself calm and centered. Someone had been in her apartment, and she had a fairly strong idea who. Rey headed to her letterbox, fingers trembling from the cold as she pried it open, fishing out a handful of junk and a letter from her bank, asking if she wanted a credit card. Rey made it to the second flight of stairs when she met Plutt on the way down. ‘Good evening,’ he smiled at her. ‘Evening.’ Rey smiled back, sliding past him. She felt his hand brush her back, her arse. She jogged up the remaining flights. ‘I am sorry.’ The deep voice of her ghost said as she pushed open her now unlocked front door. ‘Why didn’t you jam the door on him?’ She snapped, more angry at the betrayal of common decency than her supernatural housemates inability to deal with it. He wasn’t a guard dog. ‘I was down with the elderly man below your floor. He was watching the glowing box and there was something,’ the studio door opened and the squirrel appeared. Rey sighed. She wondered if he’d actually let her take it from the apartment. He seemed pretty attached to the damn thing. ‘There was this on the screen, only bigger and fuller. There was fur covering the exterior, and it moved quite quickly.’ ‘You watched a documentary about squirrels?’ She laughed at the concept, glad for the distraction, not wanting to think about what Unkar Plutt had been doing in her room. ‘Yes. They seem very lively. They are quite fascinating. You have seen one before, on a documentary?’ ‘No. Real life. All the time. They’re really common.’ She plucked her work out of the air from his hands, she supposed, and walked through the ghost, goosebumps flaring over her skin, despite the many layers of clothes she was still wearing. She set it back on the shelf in her studio before turning to look thoughtfully at the deceptively normal wall. Rey began to strip herself of her layers: gloves, jacket, scarf, under jacket, boots. She kicked them all into a pile while staring at the wall. Her mind was ticking over, trying to think of any way to help her ghost, some new avenue she hadn’t looked down, if there was anything she had missed. ‘Are you sure those creepy marks won’t do something?’ She asked, certain he was nearby. She heard a soft thump, as if something had hit the wall. And then the wall began to bleed. Rey stared wide eyed as the marks she’d spent days covering over started to seep through the green paint, thick black lines and shimmering gold. The only colour that wasn’t brought through was the dark red paint. ‘Blood. That was blood on the walls, wasn’t it?’ She realised out loud, stomach churning in disgust. She’d touched those marks barehanded. How naive was she, dark paint. Of course it was blood. It was a haunted apartment. Of course the walls were bathed in animal sacrifices. The urge to scrub her hands raw with soap and hot water was almost overpowering. She managed to swallow it down with a huge gulp of air, digging her nails into the palms of her hands to stop the immediate trembling. ‘Yes. A man and a woman, to be precise.’ ‘Like, cats or rats or something?’ She asked. ‘A male and female homosapien.’ ‘Oh, human blood. Great.’ Her voice was eerily blank, at complete odds with the sudden sweat that broke out across her skin, the lurch of her gut as it tried to climb out her throat. Rey stumbled out of the room, barely making it to the bathroom before she threw up the entire contents of her stomach. Not until she was retching air, unable to bring up any more bile, did her aching throat start to relax and the convulsions in her abdomen began to cease. She felt cold brush down her back, a long stroke from the base of her skull, following her spine to the belt of her pants. It moved to her forehead, chilling the droplets of sweat beading along her brow. ‘You are ill,’ he rumbled lowly, the coolness vanishing as she began to shiver, body weak and upset. Rey groaned, dragging her hands shakily through her hair, tugging it out of the messy bun. ‘I’m fine,’ she lied, her strength having flooded down the drain with her lunch. ‘The door was open,’ he said quickly. She glanced over her shoulder and saw he was correct. Shutting it hadn’t been of her utmost concern a couple of minutes ago. ‘I would not have followed you otherwise.’ ‘It’s fine. I’m fine. Just … people died in here? In my home?’ Her stomach clenched again and she squeezed her eyes shut, trying to ignore the black dots in her vision. She flushed the toilet to get rid of the smell and breathed deeply, slowly getting to her feet again. Her knees trembled for a moment, but she finally found her balance. ‘I was summoned.’ He said. She stayed silent, waiting for him to continue. Finally, Mister Ghost took the hint. ‘It requires sacrifices to summon one such as myself. I am not selective of the gender, but a male and a female was used in this instance.’ ‘Did … can you tell if they suffered?’ ‘Horribly.’ He said. The world went black. *** Rey awoke to a dark apartment. Warmth cocooned her, soft and comforting as her head spun dizzyingly. She inhaled deeply the smell of earth and ozone and metal and spice. Her home. Light was splashed across the vaulted ceiling and she watched the patterns for a long moment, slowly moving her limbs to ensure they were all functioning perfectly. A cut on her forearm caught her attention for a moment, long and narrow, trailing from the crook of her elbow to her wrist. ‘Ghost?’ She called softly, turning her head to look around her. She was lying on her floor, between the bathroom and studio. The blankets were warm against her cheeks as she nuzzled her face into them. She had no recollection of how she’d gotten there. ‘Are you here? What happened?’ She thought she might have fainted. Fainted because of … no, she wasn’t going to think of the reasons why she fainted. She didn’t want another dizzy spell. Her stomach rumbled hungrily, but she wasn’t inclined to move, yet. Her pillows had been laid around her, creating a delightfully comfortable nest. ‘Ghost?’ She tried again, after a few minutes. There wasn’t a clock nearby, and her phone was in her jacket pocket, presumably still in the studio. It had to be getting late. ‘Yes?’ She heard the breath of familiar voice, so strangely soft. ‘You’re very quiet.’ ‘I am … tired.’ Curiosity flared immediately. Rey rolled onto her stomach and looked about her apartment, as if expecting to see Mister Ghost standing at her kitchen bench with a mug of tea. ‘I thought you didn’t sleep?’ ‘I do not. My powers can be taxed, however, and now I am weary.’ ‘You did this?’ She asked, patting her blankets. They were puffy under her fingers. ‘Yes. You were unconscious on the floor. It did not look … appropriate for you.’ Rey smiled at his concern. ‘Thank you. Why didn’t you just move me to my room, instead of dragging everything here?’ She wasn’t complaining, only curious. She hadn’t expected her invisible housemate to care enough to even get her a blanket, let alone build her a bed and put her in it. ‘I had to,’ he paused, voice dropping lower. Rey waited patiently for him to continue talking. ‘In order to move you I was required to take on a physical presence.’ ‘What?’ She sat up at that, sheets and quilt pooling around her waist. She rugged them up to her shoulders. The apartment had gotten cold through the evening. ‘For small items I am able to concentrate and move them individually, but human bodies are far more complex. I pass through you.’ ‘So you had to turn solid to touch me? You can do that?’ Her fingertips traced the line of injured flesh, eyes widening, lips parting as she realised exactly what had done this to her. ‘Shifting between realms is incredibly exhausting.’ ‘So I could see you, if you wanted me to?’ It was the next question that popped into her head, and so she asked without thinking, desperately trying to imagine what her ghost looked like. Perhaps a small old man, wisened beyond his years, with magical strength? She giggled, having difficulty processing that her ghost had been real enough to touch while she was unconscious. To leave a scratch on her arm from moving her. ‘I am tired now, but later, yes, once I have replenished, I could briefly show you.’ ‘Not if it wears you out.’ Rey smiled and slowly crawled to her feet, feeling a little like a newborn calf as her legs wobbled wildly. Her stomach was gnawing at itself, the hunger morphing into cramps and nausea. ‘I don’t want you getting sick on my account. But thank you, for this.’ ‘I cannot get sick, but you can. Your illness would not aid me.’ She riffled through the kitchen cupboards without bothering to turn a light on, searching for a can of anything to crack open and scoff before she went to bed. A shiver ran through her entire body. ‘You standing in me will probably make me sick, too,’ she pointed out, feeling goosebumps prickle her skin as her teeth threatened to chatter. Her fingers closed around a tin of baked beans and she withdrew it triumphantly. Spoon in hand, Rey collected her pillows and marched straight to bed. She paused in the process of recreating Mister Ghost’s nest. Flicking on her bedside light, Rey scanned her room, frowning as the earlier events of the afternoon caught back up on her. ‘Ghost?’ Rey called out curiously, gripping the edge of the bed so she wouldn’t fall over. Her stomach was churning again, stress crawling along her nerves and spiking fear through her in painful shards. ‘Yes?’ His voice drifted from the living room. ‘Did you … did you see what Unkar was doing in here?’ ‘No. I am sorry.’ ‘That’s alright,’ she sighed, shoulders sinking. She looked at her drawers of underwear and decided that tomorrow morning she was going to wash every item of clothing she owned. Just to be safe. Chapter 9 Notes: Just an itty one today, my lovelies. Thank you for your continued love and support! <3 Poe pushed the door open for her as the bags in her grip strained, plastic stretching worryingly taut. Finn was goading her on with a musical chant of ‘you can do it!’ and ‘gogogogo!’. Laughing, Rey heaved the bags up and onto the counter. The three of them high fived and cheered. ‘You’re probably shredded by now!’ Finn punched her in the shoulder. ‘I dunno how you do that many stairs, and then you’re wrestling with giant machines and and walking everywhere, you’re like some sort of superhuman.’ ‘You better believe it!’ Rey grinned. ‘I bet you have am eight pack!’ Finn continued gushing, unwrapping the long scarf from around his neck. ‘Okay, Finn, honey, you’re taken, remember, by me?’ Poe grabbed him by the shoulders and began trying to massage out the excitability. ‘I’m happy to share if you are,’ Rey said with a smile. Her thighs burned pleasantly and her arms trembled slightly from the workout. The endorphin rush was kicking in and making her slightly giddy. ‘Hello,’ the deep, low voice of her ghost whispered. Rey’s smile widened and she began unpacking the bags, putting Finn on peeling duty and Poe on cutting while she switched on the oven and set the table in preparation for their feast. She had been living here for three months, now. Three whole months of cohabitation with a ghost. Three whole months of strange questions and weird occurrences that would have sent her two friends here screaming from the house. Yet here she was, a deep voice rumbling in her head, mute to the two men hip-checking each other as they jostled for prime bench space. ‘Excited for graduation?’ Rey asked Finn as she set out the plates. One of them shifted slightly and she pushed it back, only to watch the serviette flutter to the floor. Rolling her eyes, she stooped to pick it up, feeling the brush of cold as she inevitably passed through Mister Ghost. ‘So excited,’ Finn gushed, completely oblivious to the supernatural games going on at the dinner table. ‘I’ve paid to be there, I have Poe’s ticket too! I’m sorry you can’t make it, though.’ He looked over at her, big brown eyes sad, full bottom lip stuck out in a pout. ‘I’m really sorry, Finn. Work couldn’t give me the day off. The boss is on leave, so I’m kind of running the store.’ ‘So you’re like a temporary manager?’ Finn asked quickly, voice steeping in excitement. Rey thought about it before shrugging. She was the longest serving employee there, and one of the most proficient. Plus she could use the computer at front desk and make the moody printer work. ‘I guess so,’ she agreed, returning to them, slinging her arms over their shoulders and wedging herself between their hot torsos. ‘You got the chicken on?’ Poe asked. ‘You finished with those potatoes, Dameron?’ She retorted. They grinned at one another for a long moment. It felt good, easy, relaxing just being with these men, her oldest friends. Already she was wishing the bake was over and done with so they could curl up on her bed and reminisce and fall asleep in a warm pile of entwined limbs, just like the old days. ‘How are you handling the Landlord?’ Poe asked after Rey had torn herself away from them, making herself busy with a herb crust. ‘Fine,’ she said. ‘Everything’s fine, why?’ She didn’t dare glance over at him, in case her face gave her away. She could recall on several occasions just how overly honest she was, regardless of the impact to herself. The most memorable was the primary school teasing on how she’d docked herself ten points on an exam because the teacher had mis-marked her. Rey bit her lip and worked the pestle into the mortar. She wondered how she’d react if they asked her point blank if there was still a ghost here. ‘He was watching us when we walked in,’ Poe said, oblivious to her inner turmoil. ‘He usually does,’ Rey answered lightly, spilling salt and cursing under her breath. They didn’t need to know he appeared to watching the inside of her apartment as well. ‘You are lying to them.’ The deep voice whispered in her mind. She bit her lip harder. ‘That’s creepy,’ Finn joined in. ‘That guy is super creepy. Like, pervert level creepy, I reckon.’ ‘Yeah, I haven’t had any trouble with him.’ Rey began to cover the chicken, rubbing her bare hands over the cold and slightly slimy surface. She didn’t want to worry them, they’d only just stopped with the ghost jokes. Having a rather large and very present threat would have the two men dragging her kicking and screaming from her home. Rey could handle herself. She was determined to. *** ‘He was here again.’ Mister Ghost said as Rey entered her apartment, droplets of melted snow cascading from her jacket as she shook it off and hung it on her coat stand. ‘What was he doing?’ Rey asked, glancing about the space that was supposed to be her private sanctuary. ‘He was going through your personal possessions. He went into my room, but I concealed the wall from him. That is not of his concern.’ ‘No, it isn’t,’ she responded absentmindedly, finding it more to the point that her life was not of Unkar’s concern. This was the third report she’d had from Mister Ghost of Unkar coming into her apartment while she was out. ‘Is he looking for something?’ She mused aloud, not really expecting an answer. She had nothing of value, and she doubted Unkar would be as obsessed with her little metallic squirrel as her ghost was. Rey pulled a mug out of the cupboard and found a teabag. The kettle was already switched on, beginning to boil, courtesy of her helpful spirit. ‘Would you be able to stop him?’ She asked curiously. She watched the kettle click off and then on again. ‘It would not be hard keeping the door closed to him,’ the low voice finally answered. ‘However-’ ‘You like hanging out with the old guy downstairs, I know. I’m not asking you to be be here all day, just, if you happen to be, don’t let him in?’ Mister Ghost hummed. Rey smiled and poured boiling water into her mug, dunking the tea bag a few times to encourage her drink to steep faster. ‘Of course.’ He finally said. Rey curled up in her armchair, breathing in the steam of her tea, and turned her gaze out the window at a low, grey sky. Winter was clinging on desperately, and they were forecasting a miserable start to spring. It was the sort of weather that made you want to curl up in bed and read a book. Perhaps that was how she’d spend the weekend. For the rest of the working week she’d be waist deep in car carcasses, tearing out functioning pieces before the tow truck came and hauled the wrecks away. ‘What was your life like, before you got stuck here?’ She asked, watching thick eddies of snow swirl from the clouds. ‘Busy.’ After a long pause she realised he wasn’t going to elaborate. ‘What did you do?’ ‘I had tasks to complete. I was very efficient. When I was summoned to this place I was unable to continue my duties. I imagine someone else is undertaking those tasks, now.’ ‘Others? There are other ghosts?’ ‘Demons.’ He corrected. ‘But also ghosts, yes. Of which I am not one.’ Rey smiled around the lip of her cup, feeling her eyes crinkle as she did so. He seemed incapable of letting her wilful ignorance go. ‘I was considered one of the most powerful.’ ‘But then you got stuck here. If you’re so powerful how’d you get stuck?’ The lights of the town were muted behind the curtain of white. ‘A summoned demon is at the mercy of his summoner.’ ‘That doesn’t seem very fair.’ Rey frowned and looked around the empty living room. Perhaps it was some sort of cosmic trade off. You could be super strong, but if someone wanted you, you had to listen. She tried to imagine going about your daily life only to be ripped away and trapped in a tiny space. It wasn’t a very cheerful or friendly thought. When Mister Ghost didn’t respond, Rey realised this line of conversation was over. He always seemed to get touchy when she tried to learn about him, about who he had been and where he was from. The stock standard answer was usually ‘I am not a ghost, I am a demon,’ as if that explained everything away. Rey rolled her eyes. He would never talk about the summoning, about what had led up to him getting stuck. There was only the before and after. He didn’t seem to realise that she needed to know so that she could try to help him. Rey had even said as much to him, but Mister Ghost had scoffed and vanished. Just like he’d vanished now. His silence was deafening and almost a little bit like a childish tantrum. Using the old adage ‘out of sight, out of mind’, Rey picked up the book she was currently reading and went to bed. Chapter 10 Kylo Ren tilted his head, listening intently. His hands stilled on the pieces of metal he had been painstakingly joining together. Concentration broken, the small bolts fell away, but he barely noticed. It was far too light outside for it to be Rey walking in through the front door. Kylo Ren rose and moved towards the offending doorknob, where a key rattled restlessly in the lock, desperately attempting to turn the latch. He would not allow it, though. Rey had asked for his help, and so here it was. ‘Got to be kidding me,’ a masculine voice growled, accompanied by a thump. Kylo Ren waited for a long moment, and then the key jiggled again, doorknob twisting. The door was unlocked, but he held the door tight to the frame, not overly interested in seeing the slimy thoughts of the landlord again. He knew for a fact that this Unkar Plutt did not treat his other tenants in this manner. Kylo Ren had never seen him lurking in the rooms downstairs. This seemed to be a fixation centred solely on Rey, which would just not do. It took several minutes before Unkar Plutt gave up and left. When Rey came home Kylo Ren did not mention it to her. He did not see the need. She was too busy talking about her day at work and he did not wish to sour her thoughts. *** Rey had been gone barely an hour, according to the big clock in the kitchen that sometimes stuttered and froze. She had initially blamed him for its faultiness but had quickly figured out there was an issue with one of the components. She had not replaced it, claiming it added charm. Kylo Ren stood in the living room, not really doing anything. It was sometimes nice to be in a state of meditation, it helped to focus his powers that were so diminished in this mid-realm. Within the human plane he could be conceived as terrifying, in his home space he was what humans would call godly. There were other names, more relevant, but Kylo Ren had become accustomed to human speak, and so he settled for it. It made communication easier, especially now that there was one who could hear him. Barely an hour between Rey running through the front door, lunch forgotten, keys still splayed on the kitchen counter, bedroom door open, scarf fallen on the floor, and there was a rattle. Kylo Ren did not register it, at first. Meditation was all consuming, and there were rarely distractions this early in the morning when Rey was at work. On the days she labelled weekends she would ask him to help her cook or tell her stories, or ask him endless question to which he rarely knew answers to (how was one to explain that things existed because they were simply meant to?). He did not register the key turn, but he did register the door groaning as it creaked open, heavy and loud. His eyes snapped open and he watched as the first half of a body squeezed through the opening crack. He could easily have slammed the door shut, but did not think Rey would appreciate coming home to find her landlord cut clean in half, intestines trapped in the door frame, spilling through layers of fat and slime. Especially not after she had reacted so violently to the mere thought of the sacrifices used to summon him to this plane of existence. Unkar Plutt peered about greedily, eyes darting this way and that as fat fingers curled around the door jamb. Kylo Ren tilted his head in curiosity. Fingers were certainly strange appendages, so versatile and yet so defenseless. And the layers that surrounded his organs and skeletal structure would surely not be healthy. There was no such thing as fat in his home, but here humans seemed to revel in the filthy habit of gluttony and gorging oneself. He had no need of physical sustenance, but wondered if the taste was something to do with it. The fat man shut the door behind him and stood right before Kylo Ren, arms folded over his considerable girth. He was chuckling to himself. Perhaps this was one of those humans who verbally gloated about his feats. ‘What a mess,’ Unkar Plutt was saying, proving Kylo Ren’s assumption right. Kylo Ren hummed softly in annoyance. Unkar Plutt stepped through him, shivering as he did so, making straight for the room that was Rey’s. Kylo Ren slammed the door shut in front of the sweat stained face. Unkar Plutt would not be going into her room. If Kylo Ren was not welcome, this man certainly was not. Tension radiated from the big man, body freezing. And then he giggled something about the draft and tried the handle. Kylo Ren refused to allow the door to budge. It was not hard to do, it took very little concentration. Unkar Plutt stepped back, glowering, and then headed to the bathroom. This door was promptly sealed, too. Kylo Ren’s room was already shut, but that didn’t stop the attempt. Unkar Plutt was desperate to touch anything of hers, it appeared, as he started running his hands over her table and chairs, over her walls. He bent over her plants and poked at them. That was unacceptable. Rey had been very forthcoming about the care of plants, especially after he had been so cruel to them. Plants, though hardy, needed love. They needed to not be prodded, they needed light and water to flourish. Unkar Plutt’s greasy fingers were not nourishing or nurturing. They were harmful. A wave of rage coalesced into one solid heave, ripping Unkar Plutt away from the window sill, toppling the pot with a smash and an enormous thud from the man. Like an insect, the man floundered on his back, legs and arms attempting to right themselves, to keel over onto his gut to push himself up, to grasp onto the table for leverage. Kylo Ren watched with growing disdain as the smear of humanity righted himself and looked about with small, fearful eyes, chins quivering. But the man did not leave. Instead he moved towards the kitchen bench, where her keys rested, muttering nonsense to himself that Kylo Ren was not in the least interested with. What he was interested in, however, was the sudden fixation Unkar Plutt had with her house keys. ‘Gotta come to me for the spare, girl,’ he hissed, as if he had heard Kylo Ren’s silent enquiry. With a small push, Kylo Ren sent the keys skittering away from the grubby, outstretched hand. ‘No you fucking don’t, ghost.’ Unkar Plutt snarled with what would have been a vicious tone if Kylo Ren was not older than time knew how to calculate. He was, however, surprised at how relaxed Unkar Plutt was with knowing of his existence. Perhaps previous tenants had mentioned him. Perhaps so many years of short stays had clued the fat man in on his presence. ‘You give me those fucking keys or I will make you pay. They’ve already got their eye on you again, so do as I say or you’ll regret it.’ Kylo Ren did not know what Unkar Plutt was blathering on about, nor did he overly care. This mysterious ‘they’ did not worry him. The keys skittered off the bench, across the floor and under the stove. They would be unreachable there. Kylo Ren would pull them out once Rey returned. He would have to let her in, of course. She would not be able to access the room without her keys. Or perhaps even the building. That thought made him frown in indecision. If she was unable to access the building she would be required to go to Unkar Plutt for admittance. Unfortunately there was no way he could combat this. The lobby was far beyond his reach, and simply tossing her keys out the window would mean they would be lost for eternity. This was the best of the scenarios. Rey would require Unkar Plutt’s assistance only once for entry, not for the acquisition of a new set of keys. The less time she had to deal with the slimy man’s thoughts, the better. Unkar Plutt roared his anger into a string of curse words and wide armed gesticulations that Kylo Ren assumed were supposed to be rude. Kylo Ren folded his arms across his chest, mimicking Rey when she was cross about something. He understood the gesture slightly more, now. It felt empowering, closing himself off from the frustration before him. Unkar Plutt appeared to have no interest in making friends with the demon of this apartment. There was no bowing, no scraping, no attempts at bribery or efforts to obtain good will. Unkar Plutt was doing himself no favours. Kylo Ren narrowed his eyes and found a snarl pulling at his lips. This level of disrespect was insulting. Unkar Plutt was disrespectful to Rey, and more importantly, towards Kylo Ren. That would not stand. Focused on the enraged face before him, Kylo Ren flicked open the front door. The force of it made the door bang loudly and rebound off the wall. It was good that Kylo Ren had already destroyed the mirror that had once stood there. It would have been destroyed then. Unkar Plutt visibly cringed, shoulders hunching, head ducking, eyes squeezing shut. Kylo Ren waited for the man to get a hold of himself, waited for the eyes to open, the pallid tone to vanish, the shoulders to curl back, the sneer to reappear, the vile words to flourish. Only when Unkar Plutt gathered himself, did Kylo Ren finish this interaction. With one hard mental shove, the big man flew out the door with a rough thud, bouncing thickly off the hall wall. Kylo Ren shut the door before he could flounder back onto his feet. After a series of scrapes and grunts the door was assaulted by thuds and thunks. Kylo Ren stood and waited for the dramatics to end. They did, after a time, and then he waited for Rey to return. She did, after a time, and he was drawn from meditation by the sound of a key turning and Unkar Plutt speaking. ‘No issues up here?’ He was saying, pushing the door open. Rey looked more than a little perturbed, eager to be left alone in her apartment, clutching her bag to her chest, elbows tucked tight to her sides to minimise bodily contact. ‘No weird sounds, electrical issues?’ ‘Oh, no,’ she smiled, cheeks flushed bright red, as she tucked hair behind her ear nervously, ‘I think perhaps rats? Something in the roof chewing on a wire. Everything sorted itself out. No more problems with the lights. Plumbings fine, heating. The apartment’s great, thanks!’ She offered him a brighter smile and edged closer to her open doorway. Unkar Plutt did not move away. Kylo Ren narrowed his eyes, gauging Rey’s discomfort at having to squeeze past him, and so, from his spot in the middle of the living room, gave Unkar Plutt a slight shove. The big man took a forced step back and a second to steady himself, mouth opening in shock. ‘Thank you for helping me get into my apartment! I must’ve left my keys here this morning!’ ‘Nothing to report?’ Unkar Plutt pressed, eyes narrowed on her face. Rey frowned, hand on the doorknob. ‘Like I said, everything is fine. Thanks!’ She closed the door, pressed her back to it and sighed. She flicked the lock closed without looking at it. ‘Everything is not fine, is it?’ She hissed softly. ‘No.’ Kylo Ren answered. ‘What happened?’ She asked after they heard Unkar Plutt shuffle down the hallway, his weight groaning on the stairwell. Kylo Ren summoned her keys out from under the oven and she stooped to pick them up. ‘I was unable to stop him entering without unnecessary bloodshed. I stopped him from entering your personal areas, and he had intent to take your keys.’ ‘That bastard!’ She scowled, ‘how did you do it?’ ‘I threw him out.’ She gave a bark of laughter, quickly covering her mouth to stifle it, before giving up and chuckling. ‘You mean it literally, don’t you?’ ‘Of course.’ He tilted his head and watched as she cracked open the tin of tuna and the crackers she had meant to take for lunch and began to eat them. She rested her hip against the bench and chewed noisily. ‘Thank you, Mister Ghost, for stopping him.’ Kylo Ren frowned at the moniker, but decided to allow her use of it. Regardless of how many corrections he gave, she simply would not listen. Perhaps that was why she had not been alarmed by him. She was a stubborn human. ‘You are welcome.’ ‘So I bought a new book on the way home from work. How do you feel about fantasy stories?’ He watched as she pulled a paper bag out of her backpack and set it beside her armchair. ‘I am not averse,’ he admitted. He folded his legs so that he was in a seated position and waited for her to brew her tea and make herself comfortable from her work clothes. Her new obsession with reading him tales was quite interesting. Rey settled herself down in her chair, blanket pulled about her shoulders as she cracked the cover, a smile already gracing her lips. ‘This should be a fun one!’ She said, before taking a deep breath and beginning. Chapter 11 Notes: OH MY GOD YOU GUYSSSSSS It's only a baby chapter ... BUT I'M TELLING YOU IT'S WORTH IT Rey was under the sink clearing out a blockage when she felt the cold spot stop on her. She paused, tilting her head curiously at the waft of sulfur as she waited for the face full of water that would inevitably come from Mister Ghosts antics. He seemed to enjoy catching her when she was busy, too involved in some other task to detect his mischievousness. However, this time it didn’t come. Shrugging to herself, Rey continued with her work. Perhaps he was playing with the small timer she’d bought the other day. He couldn’t let the damned thing be. He would wake her up at all hours of the night with it, hiding the timer so she had to stumble around, half-asleep, searching for the stupid thing to turn it off. Rey waited patiently for the persistent beeping to begin. Usually it was tucked somewhere high, like the gap between her kitchen cupboards and the ceiling, or in her bathroom. For a ghost supposedly as old as time, he certainly was childish, and impatient. He couldn’t wait for his pranks to come to fruition. Once he’d rearranged all of the cabinets in her kitchen, bowls and pans and cups and sieves all in the wrong spot. She’d acted as though nothing had changed, cooking her dinner, until he’d asked her more and more pointed questions about whether she’d noticed anything strange or different. She could see straight through him. After another five minutes of him just standing in the middle of her thighs Rey sighed. ‘Can I help you?’ She began to ask before her words twisted into a sharp shriek of pain. Hot tendrils of fire raced down her abdomen. She looked on in horror as red welled through sudden tears in her shirt, straight lines piercing into her stomach and she choked on spit as she struggled to comprehend what she was seeing. ‘Rey?’ Mister Ghost called out. She heard something thud in her studio. ‘Is something the matter?’ She pressed a hand against her tummy, wincing at the sting, at the dripping red that came away. Coldness gripped her ankles. She was yanked violently, skidding across the floorboards on her back. Pain bloomed in her shoulder as she hit the studio wall, making her hiss. ‘Stop this.’ Mister Ghost said in a deep, menacing voice. Rey opened her mouth to demand an explanation, to shriek one. ‘Stop what?’ Another voice responded. It was silkier, still masculine, dripping with the authority of one used to power. ‘Do not bring the girl into this.’ ‘It seems the girl is a very big part of this, no? We have been keeping tabs. All of these years and not so much as a peep. Oh, scared little humans, of course, but that is to be expected with a fearsome demon such as yourself.’ The words dripped thick with sarcasm. ‘But then … complacency? A witch, perhaps? What did she sell for your complacency?’ A roar of anger reverberated through Rey’s head and she winced, clutching at her temples, eyes squeezing shut as she listened to the fight she could not see. ‘I am not complacent.’ Her ghost snarled. She felt a coldness at her side and knew it to be him. She didn’t know how she knew it, she just did. ‘I would suggest virginity, that was quite popular for a while, but she does not have the smell. A sacrificial thing? How did a human woman snare you as protector?’ ‘Your issue is with me, you shall leave the human out of it.’ The room was ominously silent then, and Rey slowly pulled herself up the wall, leaving a trail of bloody fingerprints as she stood, panting out the pain. She peered about the apartment, looking for anything out of place. There was only her blood. A vicious line opened along her forearm, deep and bubbling red. The pain was gagging, tears springing to her eyes as she pulled away, tucking into herself. The strange voice laughed, so close to her, almost in her ear. Her ghost growled. ‘The thing is, of course, that you are trapped within these very small walls.’ The voice gloated. ‘I, however, have the power to roam anywhere I so wish.’ Rey felt a tug against the belt loop of her jeans, subtle, towards the studio. She didn’t question, simply began to edge in that direction, stumbling on trembling legs. Perhaps she was in shock, but didn’t shock mean you didn’t feel the pain? She definitely felt the sharp pain in her arm and torso, the wetness on her hands. ‘And what is your point?’ Her ghost said darkly. ‘You can only protect her within these walls, so answer my questions and she shall not be harmed any further.’ ‘I know why you are here, and my answer is still the same. The task is impossible, and she has nothing to do with any of it!’ ‘So protective of a mortal. It is such a shame they are so fragile.’ ‘The wall.’ ‘Which wall? Honestly, I think your seclusion has made you even more unbearable than usual.’ Rey pressed the studio door open, almost falling as she did so under the weight of it. Metal bolts were scattered over the floor. Her new box of scrap metal within arms reach. ‘The wall.’ Her ghost said again, sounding urgent for the first time since she’d met him, and she realised he was speaking to her. Rey stared at the symbols that he had revealed almost an eternity ago now, mouth falling open. ‘But you said-’ ‘Now!’ The answer thundered through her, a freight train pounding into her skull. Her fingers wrapped around a metal bar, cool in her slick grip. With one swift move she lunged at the smooth surface. The door slammed closed as she let the metal drive deep. Plasterboard cracked and she wrenched hard, shattering a symbol, severing it with flakes of paint and chipped wood. She hacked again and again, silently praying she wouldn’t hit any electrical wiring, praying that this would solve it. That this would work. Because there was another one in her home. Another demon. One that hurt, one that was not polite or funny or strange. She grit her teeth as more blood swelled down the front of her, unable to coagulate as she twisted her torso to bite into another section of wall, dust caking her hair, coating her tongue, stinging her nostrils and eyes. It took seconds, her actions, but it felt like several lifetimes, caked in blood and sweat and tears. She felt as though civilisation had ended and been reborn again before the metal pole slipped from her grasp, legs losing balance as something ripped through the room. A tornado that slammed her hard into the ground, crackling hot energy that rattled the windows and ruffled the blinds. She tasted fresh blood and spat it out. ‘Oh,’ she breathed when she looked up, body aching. Oh, he hadn’t been wrong. He definitely wasn’t a ghost. Chapter 12 Notes: So somewhere along the line we passed 500 Kudos for this story and I just can't believe it! Holy moly you guys! I update this fic while I'm sitting at work in the morning, so I can't pay too close attention to the stats because I'm supposed to be working, not flashing my naughty stories in the work environment (and it's also why I take a couple of days responding to comments, I'm sorry!). Just ... thank you for the overwhelming positive response to this bit of nonsense. Thank you for the love, the likes, the comments, all of it. I'm glad you're enjoying it all! But anyway, I won't keep you any longer, especially after THAT cliffhanger. Oh ho ho, you guys. Have at it: He was huge . Well over six foot, and thick with used muscle. Her mouth would have run dry, if not for the influx of blood from her shredded cheek. Rey pressed herself up to her knees and stared. How could she not stare? Was she supposed to even be looking at him? Her ghost looked back at her for a long moment. Fiery golden eyes pierced into her, surrounded by ebony lashes. Black hair cascaded in waves about his long, pale face, almost framing two enormous spiral horns that protruded from his head, bright red, save for the black fissure-like cracks that marred the surface. He was dressed in black, sleeveless robes trimmed in gold, fixed about his waist with an embroidered gold belt. From the elbow down his pale flesh was black, almost scale like, hands huge, fingers long and inky, ending in vicious talons. Talons that had once wounded her. Rey opened her mouth to say something, anything, when her ghost moved, impossibly fast, arm lashing out to nothingness, gripping nothingness. A snarl curled large lips, revealing sharp white teeth, pronounced incisors glinting dully in the afternoon light. ‘It seems you are incorrect, now.’ He said, his voice somehow deeper, huskier now that he was corporeal. His body shifted, as though whatever he held was struggling. Fire seemed to flicker in his grasp. Red and orange expanding into the shape of a head, a body. Her back hit a wall, but she hadn’t been aware she was scampering backwards, away from this nightmare. Away from them as the second demon materialised. Another man, with colourless eyes, wreathed in flames, golden claws shimmering behind the fire light. He was struggling, writhing, face contorted into savage hate as his legs appeared, and then his feet, as this second demon was fixed into the realm of sight. ‘Do not threaten me,’ her ghost said, voice suddenly silky. And then, with a sharp twist of his arm, the dark beast of a creature slammed the fire monster hard into the ground. There was no bang, no flash, no nothing. The fire demon was there. And then he was gone. Rey exhaled slowly. Golden eyes looked at her. ‘Where did he go?’ She asked, not sure what else she was supposed to say. ‘I sent him to another realm.’ ‘Oh.’ She pressed her hands against her stomach and tried to will her heartbeat to slow down. ‘Can he come back?’ ‘Yes. It will be difficult for him, and he will need to be summoned.’ ‘Oh.’ The demon straightened, his horns grazing the ceiling, his shoulders straight, body stiff as he stared down at her. ‘It didn’t work,’ she said after a pause, every hair on her body standing on end as she held the strangest staring competition of her life. She probably should have been terrified, should have fainted already, instead the closest thing she could label herself was probably mesmerised. This is what she had been living with? ‘It is of little consequence now. I did not believe it would send me back. I had hoped, perhaps, that it would. His quarrel was with me, not you. My absence would have led him away.’ ‘And now?’ She asked, suddenly hyper aware of what his answer was going to be. Because she could see him. It didn’t seem to be draining him, the way he’d described that other time, when she’d passed out. He seemed quite in control of himself. ‘This is my new realm of existence. I have the majority of my power again. I am no longer contained within these walls. Between planes I was unable to best him, but now,’ he left the rest unspoken as he stepped slowly forward. Rey had nowhere left to go, so she stayed as small as possible, staring up at him wide-eyed, mouth hanging open as he began to crouch before her. A predator kneeling before his prey. An inky paw of taloned fingers was slowly extended towards her. ‘Come,’ he said gently, and she realised with a start that his voice was no longer in her head. She could hear him. ‘You are injured. I can repair the damage.’ ‘Who was that?’ She whispered, staring at the offered hand. After a moment's indecision Rey placed her bloody hand in his. She had lived with this thing for months and never once had he hurt her intentionally. She doubted he would start now. His palm was hot in hers, the scales smooth. His fingers curled around her wrist. She tensed as his claws brushed her skin, they felt like stone, strong and smooth. He did not cut her, though. He was careful as he pulled her to her feet. ‘That was Hux. He is a lesser demon, though quite powerful within his own right.’ ‘And you, do you have a name?’ It occurred to her to ask after all these months as he walked her over rubble and blood. He sat her on the edge of her bath tub and released her hand. With a deft motion he tore the remainder of her shirt apart and she watched with a strange detachment as the tattered, blood drenched fabric fall to the ground with a wet plop. Deep red lines scored her belly, like the tallies she used to keep as a child. ‘I am Kylo Ren.’ ‘Kylo,’ she mumbled as he splayed his hand across her abdomen. His palm was big enough to cover almost all of the damage. The hiss was almost impossible to stop as he applied pressure, stabbing pain through her in sharp bursts. And then warmth. Pulses of golden light sparkling around the darkness of his hand, sinking into her skin. Rey watched in fascination as the tendrils of red slowly faded, vanishing under the light until he removed his hand to show nothing more than blood smears. There were no scars, no scabs, nothing. She held out her forearm to him and he repeated the process. ‘I am sorry that he did this to you. He does not have the same respect for life forms as I do.’ ‘You wouldn’t tear a person to shreds?’ She couldn’t help but laugh giddily, looking at the monstrously sharp implements cupped delicately around her wrist. Kylo’s eyes were serious, mouth firm as he looked at her, golden irises drawing her attention away from the golden glow. ‘Only if there were a need,’ he said. Rey exhaled her giggle shakily as he released her and stood, towering and black above her. ‘Kylo?’ She began, not quite sure what she was supposed to make of this new situation. ‘Kylo Ren.’ He corrected. ‘Where will you go now?’ She asked, gripping the cool edge of the tub, calfs pressing against the tiles as she dropped her gaze from the unnatural colour of his, preferring to look instead at the black cloth on his broad chest. That felt safer, somehow. ‘What do you mean?’ She could see his hands moving, those curved nails twitching, and she couldn’t help but glance up at his face again. The man seemed … confused. ‘I will stay here.’ Rey nodded her head slowly. Of course he would, where else would go? Rent out another place? She wondered if it was possible to let to a demon. Did he have ID? He certainly wouldn’t have bank records. Was she going hysterical? These were certainly the thoughts a hysterical person would be having, perhaps shock. Rey stood up suddenly, bringing herself flush with him. Unlike any normal human being, Kylo Ren did not step back. He looked a little bewildered at her movement, eyebrows drawing together in a small frown, head rearing back slightly. Rey pushed past him and moved into the living room. She was in shorts and a bra. Bloodstained. Goosebumps rippled across bare skin. Her stomach rolled. She needed a shower, or a bath, or a stiff drink. She needed to not be in her apartment anymore. She needed for this to not be real. Rey turned back to the bathroom and stopped. Kylo was standing on this side of the doorway, a towering menace of horns and claws and black and gold. Her chest drew tight, constricting, squeezing her lungs as she struggled for air. She watched the demon tilt his head slightly, eyes narrowing as she reached blindly for something to support herself. A chair, a table, anything. The floor roared up to meet her, black and cold and final. Chapter 13 Notes: OH MY GOD YOU GUYS, I'm so sorry! I forgot it was wednesday! I even thought to myself this morning 'Maybe I should post Demons early ... nah, I'll wait till Wednesday' WHILE I SAT AT MY DESK AT THE TIME I NORMALLY POST IT. I mean, it's only 12 hours late, I guess that isn't so bad ... I still feel bad though. THANK YOU FOR THE LOVE! AND THE KUDOS. This ol' fluff heap is back to fluff now! Get rid of all that angst, ugh! Yuck! (secretly hordes it all for later) ‘I had the weirdest dream.’ Rey said to her empty apartment, fishing toast out of her overzealous toaster. ‘I dreamt that you were this big creepy demon thing that had a demon battle with another demon.’ She inhaled deeply, savouring the slight bitterness of the green tea beside her. ‘And that’s why I don’t own a TV. Gives you weird thoughts.’ Toast crunched and a clump of strawberry jam stuck to her lip. Rey pulled herself up so she was sitting on her bench, heels thudding against the cabinet door as she kicked an idle pattern. She couldn’t remember going to bed last night, or even fixing her sink, but she evidently had. Perhaps Ky-Mister Ghost had played some strange ghost trick on her. Rey smiled around the lip of her mug. Life was so strange. The studio door opened and she paused. Her heart stuttered. Rey stared. ‘It was no dream.’ The six foot whatever, golden-eyed, black-obsessed demon said. The cup slipped through her fingers, shattering against the floorboards. Tea pooled beneath her, running down the dips and troughs of her floor. ‘No.’ She finally hissed, slipping off the counter. She barely registered the liquid between her toes, the bite of ceramic in her heel as she padded towards him, mouth open, arms limp at her sides. ‘How are you real?’ ‘You were content to believe in a disembodied voice?’ He queried, and if it had been just that voice she would have laughed. But he was not just a voice. He was extraordinarily tangible. Rey pressed her hand against the smoothness of his tunic, pressing hard against strong muscle, just to make sure. Very solid. Very present. Very real. He smelled of woodsmoke and iron and sulfur. He seemed to radiate heat. ‘Why is my current form more of a problem to you now than it was before?’ ‘I thought you were a midget or something! Some little old hermit man who used to live here, that died of old age!’ She raised her hands helplessly, let them flop back down again. ‘I told you how I was summoned,’ he said calmly, a finger pointing behind him, through the open door into the studio that was coated in dust and chunks of drywall. ‘Blood, yes, but that’s gross and I didn’t want to believe it!’ She replied, recognising just how pitiful she sounded. ‘What am I supposed to do?’ She felt the blood drain from her face as another realisation struck her. ‘Oh no. No, no, Kylo, you have to go invisible, go back to being invisible.’ ‘I cannot.’ He said, looking more perplexed than before. ‘It takes much concentration and I am still stabilising my powers and accounting for growth.’ Rey had no idea what any of that meant and she waved it away quickly. ‘My friends are coming over today! You can’t look like … like this!’ He stared at her blankly, golden eyes boring into hers. ‘Like what?’ He finally said. ‘A demon! Christ, Kylo, look at you!’ ‘I can … change.’ He offered hesitantly. That pulled Rey up. ‘What?’ ‘I could appear human, for you.’ ‘You can do that?’ She asked in obvious relief, pressing a hand to his chest again. In response he held his hand between them. A bright spark of orange burst into life at his elbow, a flickering ember that began to curve its way around the skin of his forearm. Where the fire burned the blackness faded to flesh, scouring away scales to transform his nightmarish paws into very large, masculine hands. Rey gaped in surprise as he performed the same trick on his other hand. She clutched them to her, running her fingers over the transformation. They were fingers, human, flesh and blood. The claws were gone. In their place short-clipped human nails. ‘That was amazing!’ She gushed, looking up. He stared down at her in bemusement, and she realised she was almost flush against him. Rey stepped back apologetically. His eyes flickered from gold to a warm, honey brown. The sparks set to work again, fizzing along the black fissures of his horns, eroding away smooth red until the only thing protruding from his scalp were long, black tresses. Rey stared up at him in absolute awe and trepidation. She had a new problem on her hands, now. How was she going to explain the roguishly handsome strange man in her apartment? ‘Is this presentable?’ He asked, holding out his hands to her again, perhaps so she could hold them again. Rey nodded, suddenly needing to be busy elsewhere. The shattered mug was a good start, and she swiftly tidied the mess, mopping up the waste of tea and dumping the remains of the cup into the trash. She chewed her lip nervously. This wasn’t going to be good. *** ‘He’s from … Europe.’ Rey explained as they sat about the dining table that suddenly seemed so tiny now that Kylo was there. ‘That explains the name,’ Poe grinned cheekily. ‘So you’re staying in the studio, then?’ Finn interjected. ‘My room, yes.’ Kylo said with a stiff nod. He held his mug awkwardly, as if he wasn’t used to his hands. Of course he isn’t used to his hands, she belatedly realised and wanted to scream into her pillow at just how bizarre and wrong and messed up this was. ‘And how did you find Kylo, Rey?’ Finn asked, his smile polite, eyes screaming murder to her. ‘An ad,’ she said, ‘at the library. He needed temporary lodging and I figured the extra rent money wouldn’t hurt, you know?’ ‘She was very kind to let me stay here.’ Kylo agreed with a ridiculously stiff tone. The man had to learn to lie. Demon, Rey corrected. The Demon had to learn to lie. But weren’t demons supposed to be natural liars? How had these questions not occurred to her before? She sprung up to go and get more biscuits from the tin. ‘Yes, she is.’ Finn agreed in a tone that said the complete opposite. ‘And what do you do for work, Kylo?’ ‘I am an … academic. I study old literature.’ Rey paused and glanced up at him. Warm brown met hazel. Perhaps he wasn’t too bad of a liar after all. ‘Must be hard to find work for that.’ Finn said. Rey shot him a dirty look. Finn wouldn’t meet her gaze. ‘Work always finds me.’ Kylo said, and then he broke into a smile that made Poe smile. It made Finn smile and Rey smile, because they couldn’t help themselves. That was a smile designed to woo people to hell. Rey dropped the new plate of biscuits on the table in front of them loudly. ‘Who wants to play scrabble?’ She asked, changing the subject. Poe leapt at the opportunity immediately. ‘So are you applying at the College for work?’ Finn wouldn’t leave Kylo alone, a dog with a bone, ready to shake every last droplet of information from the strange man in Rey’s haunted apartment. Poe and Rey met eyes across the table, resigned, knowing. They would have to let this play out. ‘I knew of a man that once had employment there,’ Kylo said slowly, musingly. ‘He studied old literature, much as myself.’ He looked down at his large hands, pressed them into the surface of the table until his knuckles turned white, before releasing the pressure. A smile curved his lips, small and private. ‘What’s his name?’ Finn asked. Rey dumped the board game box on the table, having found it in her bedroom cupboard. The worn edges deflated at the impact, and she whipped off the lid to claim the cloth pouch, board and stands. She didn’t try to be quiet or considerate of their conversation. Finn was going to have it, even if she was jackhammering between the two of them while blasting death metal. ‘Professor Snoke.’ Kylo said, and Rey glanced at him curiously. His tone had gone sharp, jagged, yawning into a darkness that spoke of too much and nothing all at once. She could almost see the black claws digging into the tabletop, horns flaming amongst ebony locks, a vortex of rage and hate. ‘Oh, he’s still on staff.’ Finn said, eyebrows rising in surprise. ‘I think they just keep his name on the roster because he donates so much money to the department. He doesn’t teach anymore, but apparently he used to.’ Finn was nodding, relaxing slightly, as if this one truthful fact made Kylo trustworthy. Rey kept her mouth shut as she shook the bag and selected her tiles before tossing the bag to Poe. Kylo’s eyes tracked the motions with interest. ‘Maybe you could just call the office and get his number? He’d probably get you a teaching spot or something, if that’s what you want,’ Finn continued, picking out his own tiles and then offering the bag to Kylo. He took it and then slowly counted out seven tiles before organising them on his stand. ‘I’ll go first,’ Rey announced, before Poe could nobly suggest Kylo start, being the new guy to the group. ‘That is a wonderful suggestion,’ Kylo said, glancing up at Finn, before watching Rey’s movements. ‘I believe I shall definitely take this under advisement. The college office?’ ‘Yeah. They’ll set you up. If they don’t want to just say you’re wanting to discuss a fundraiser for the English department or something.’ Finn laughed as Poe organised his tiles. ‘They’ll never turn down the money.’ Kylo plucked two letters from his stand and slid them onto the board. Rey exhaled softly in relief. Sure he’d left her little messages on the mirror, but until this point she hadn’t been sure if he could actually spell or just pluck random phrases from the netherrealms of his demon land. This was all far too stressful. *** ‘I can’t believe you won.’ Rey turned the oven timer on and stepped out of the kitchen, curling herself up in her armchair. Kylo’s eyes glimmered gold in the dusky light of early evening, slightly reflective as they caught the reflections from the windows. His lips curved into a grin, mocking and brilliant all at once. ‘I am older than you could know, yet you doubt my grasp of language?’ Rey smiled and looked out at the sky, at the pale clouds against the indigo of coming night. A swarm of small birds flitted past, wheeling and swirling as they dove for bugs and home. ‘Who is Snoke?’ She didn’t want to look at him, not yet. It had been bugging her all afternoon, through both scrabble games and the mockery of charades. It turned out Kylo could produce a word out of the worst letters, but couldn’t act out a word to save his life. The positive was that Finn appeared to be under the impression that he and Kylo were now the best of friends. The irony wasn’t lost on Rey. The timer dinged half an hour later without any response from the sullen demon. Rey pulled the meat pie and chips from the tray and dumped them onto a plate, turning slowly towards the huge shadow of her house guest. ‘You don’t … eat do you?’ She asked, suddenly feeling incredibly rude. She couldn’t remember if he’d eaten any snacks at the table, or had anything to drink. ‘I do not require sustenance.’ He answered, the shadow shifting slightly as his head moved in her direction. His eyes were glowing brightly in the dark room, golden irises focused on her, catching the light reflectively. She couldn’t suppress the cold shiver of unease that ran down her spine. Rey grabbed a glass of water and resumed her spot on the armchair. The apartment was black, the world outside the window ablaze with glimmering stars and headlights and streetlights. She chewed slowly, more absorbed in the outside world than the disappointingly bland flavours of her meal. ‘I do not require sleep, either.’ He offered as she finished off her meal. ‘Well you’re still banned from my room.’ She answered, leaning over and turning on the lamp. They both blinked rapidly in the sudden light, squinting at each other. ‘And … do you, well, if you don’t eat, I guess you don’t need to use the bathroom?’ She felt her face heat up as she asked, mortified that she needed to have this conversation with an ancient demon. God, what had her life become? ‘I can maintain my outward appearance through other means, but as to evacuating my body, no.’ He wrinkled his nose and in that instant she knew he’d seen her on the toilet. Her face burned hot, her ears, neck and shoulders. Bright, burning red in horror. His head tilted slightly, observing. ‘So what will you do?’ She asked instead, changing the subject quickly. ‘I will wait until you awaken tomorrow morning, and then we shall begin the day with calling Professor Snoke.’ Rey mulled over his words for a long moment. ‘You do realise that you need a phone for that, right?’ She finally asked. He stared at her for a long, silent pause. ‘We shall begin the day with you enlightening me on the operation of telephones.’ Chapter 14 Notes: I'm so close to 666 kudos, but I just know I'll miss it! If you guys see it, please screenshot it and send it to me! I feel like it'd be such a waste to miss! Thanks for all the love and comments! You guys are ridiculously awesome! The week passed in a strange blur of surreal domesticity. Rey came home from work on the first day expecting either her apartment or him to simply not be there. She’d pushed her front door open, scanning a deserted living room, before walking into the studio. ‘If I am not allowed in your room, surely you are not allowed in mine,’ he said, making her jump half out of her skin. He was clutching something metal, the shape concealed by his claws. ‘Sorry, I should have knocked.’ She ducked her head in embarrassment, glancing at the clean room and the guts of the wall she had to repair still. ‘It is of no consequence, I only jest.’ He sat cross-legged on the floor, staring at her with those large, unblinking owl eyes of gold. It seemed he hadn’t felt like wearing his horns today, though. She was thankful for at least that sense of normalcy. On the second day she came home to find him seated upside down on her armchair, his legs resting against the back, head hanging over the edge of the cushion. He was reading one of her books, turning the pages ridiculously fast as he consumed the prose. On the third he was waiting for her, standing in front of the door. He seemed … pleased with himself. And entirely human. She looked at his hands, at his brown eyes, her own narrowing suspiciously. ‘I washed my clothes.’ He said with a grin. It was Rey’s turn to blink slowly. ‘Pardon?’ She locked the front door behind her. She could smell her detergent on him as she stepped closer. ‘I used the washing machine. I have seen you do it before, so I washed my clothes. I also washed yours. Your laundry basket was almost full. I separated everything like you do, used the correct functions and the proper amount of liquid.’ ‘Thank you.’ She had no idea what else to say as he eagerly showed her the folded items. He’d apparently used the dryer, too. Rey was silently impressed. A demon who could do housework. It was far better than a ghost who only knew how to blow up light bulbs instead of use the switch. On the fourth day he was standing in the kitchen. Well, hovering. He was a good seven inches off the ground. He passed it off as trying to understand cooking. He’d been glaring out the kitchen window, though, so Rey wasn’t so sure. His golden stare had quickly dissuaded her from any follow up questions. When Friday rolled around Rey sat on the front steps of her building and stared at the sky. It was weird having someone in the house, let alone someone who didn’t sleep at all. She could hear him, occasionally, pacing around her living room, or doing something in the studio … in his room. It was weird that she was so … okay with all of this. She had a fucking demon living in her apartment. No. No ! Demon’s existed . That should be the shocker, not the ease with which she was living with him. How had this become her life? And wasn’t that becoming such a daily repetitive question for her, now. Her phone rang, pulling her back to the crisp breeze and the thick clouds scudding across light blue. ‘Hello?’ She watched a plane swirl vapour in its wake, cutting across the heavens. ‘Hey, Babe.’ She suppressed the sigh, but not the eyeroll. ‘Hey Matt.’ ‘So, I’m in town this week, and I was won-’ ‘No.’ She cut off his wheedling, hopeful tone. ‘Absolutely not.’ ‘Come on, Babe. Drinks. Let’s go out for drinks.’ ‘No means no, Matt.’ ‘You didn’t have fun last time?’ Her silence was damning. Fun was fun, at least up until the end of their last encounter, but it didn’t mean she wanted a continuation of the Matt circus. She thought he was done and gone. A piece of the past finally buried. The building door behind her opened, and she half turned to see Unkar lumber out, gloating down at her. She turned back to look at the road, at the budding leaves on the trees. At the rubbish bin in the parking lot. Anything was preferable to Plutt. ‘Look, I’ve got the night free, my business colleague isn’t coming until tomorrow. Invite your friends or whatever. Just drinks.’ Just drinks. Just a kiss. Just a hook up. Just a call. Just a one time thing, she didn’t mean anything, I’m sorry. Just Matt. Tall, blond, Matt. Using his sing-song you-know-you-can’t-deny-me voice. ‘I can bring Poe and Finn?’ ‘Those guys? Yeah, they’re great, bring them! It’ll be good to catch up.’ Rey hummed, tilting her head up, at the impending threat of rain. She could hear the rustle of Unkar, the clang of him checking his mailbox. Of him checking every mailbox to kindly run the envelopes up to the residents. Even hers, though she was right here, as if he was stuck in an habitual loop. ‘I’ll think about it.’ ‘I’ll see you at the usual place, at seven. I hope you wear a nice dress, Rey.’ And then he hung up on her. The bastard hung up, expecting her to obey. Rey swallowed the frustrated groan and stood up, dusting off her backside as she turned into the face of Unkar. ‘Going in?’ He asked with the false kindness of a spider welcoming a fly. ‘Thanks.’ She ducked in before him. Heard the lock click loudly in the foyer. The wad of paper slapping against his palm. Rey prayed to every deity that he would start with the lower levels and work his way up. ‘Plans for this evening?’ He asked as they began the ascent. ‘Looks like it.’ She answered sullenly, wondering if it would be rude to just sprint up the flights, leaving him in the dust. ‘I remember those days, when I was young, going out with friends, partying until the early hours.’ He smiled at her, peering through glasses. His usually pristine collar was stained with sweat. There was food under his nails. ‘I’m more of a homebody,’ she said, by way of conversation, not wanting to have it, but too polite to let it die a painful death. They made the second flight and he was going to follow her all the way to the top. ‘Sounded like a boyfriend, not that I was eavesdropping.’ He leered and Rey picked up the pace slightly. ‘Just some friends catching up.’ She said, hoping he’d leave it, hoping he’d leave her. ‘It should be a good evening.’ She added as they hit the third stairwell. ‘Some nice drinks, good company. A good night.’ The lie fell flat in her own ears. She didn’t dare look at him as he hauled himself up staircase number four. ‘Did you have any mail for me?’ She asked, seeing her own private stairs, her hallway, her salvation. ‘Yes, yes there was.’ She didn’t pause until she placed one foot on stairwell number five. He caught up and held them out to her. Junk mail. ‘Thanks.’ She took it from him and tried not to make it look like she was fleeing as she raced into her home, phone pressed to her ear, listening desperately to the ring tone. ‘Poe?’ She said the instant he picked up. ‘You free tonight?’ He laughed and then ummed and then hollered over his shoulder at Finn to find out. ‘Hello.’ Kylo walked out of the bathroom, suspiciously chipper. Rey tracked his every movement, looking for a clue to what he’d done. Happiness was his attempt at nonchalance, and it failed horribly every time. ‘Yeah, we’re cool, though we have to leave early. Finn’s being all mysterious. What’s the plan?’ ‘Matt’s in town and wants to go for drinks.’ ‘We’ll be there, Rey, no sweat.’ *** Kylo Ren looked about with distaste. The bar was dimly lit and filthy, the counter sticky and stained, the floor tacky under his shoes. Why had he been so insistent on joining Rey on her outing? Perhaps because he was eager to finally leave the confines of the apartment. He was not sure why he had not, yet, perhaps because it would have alarmed Rey. She had definitely been alarmed when he had suggested accompanying her. The girls eyes had almost popped from her skull, mouth falling open as she’d stammered repeated questions of: ‘you can leave the apartment now?’ Of course he could, he was strong and free. There was no sigil holding him back any longer. He was able to roam where he pleased. The apartment was simply … convenient while he attempted to contact Snoke, to obtain his details from a surprisingly reluctant and stubborn receptionist. ‘Kylo!’ Finn clapped him on the back. ‘Good to see you again! How’s the job hunt going?’ ‘With difficulty.’ Kylo Ren responded, rubbing his fingertips together, wishing he could burn away the grime without attracting any undue attention. ‘That’s a shame. Hey, come sit down. Matt just arrived. Have you met him before?’ ‘No.’ He turned and spotted the blond head of hair he had seen in Rey’s apartment. The man was far better looking clothed. Kylo Ren’s lip curled with distaste as he followed Finn back to the table. Music thrummed deep bass through the busy room. ‘Hey,’ Matt said, sticking out a hand. Kylo shook it firmly and felt a shiver of ice jolt up his arm. The distaste settled heavily in his gut and he made sure to sit closely beside Rey. Slimy thoughts were circling the blond man's mind, dark intentions that Kylo Ren had no intention of allowing Matt to see to fruition. The conversation turned back to a previous topic that Kylo Ren was not interested in. Instead he settled on the emotions of it. The group around him were more to his interest, the varying levels of skepticism, of concentration, dislike, hope, love, fascination, they fluctuated and flowed about him. The wider room was a haze of lust and alcohol, of stress and joy and nervousness. A flare of alarm burned bright in his consciousness, drawing Kylo Ren back to the world of the living, to the conversation and actions going on about him. Condensation dribbled down the outside of the glass he hadn’t touched. Poe already had two empties and was halfway through his third. Finn was eyeing his watch. Rey was panicked, frustrated, a medley of hate and sick and disgust and fear and annoyance. Outwardly she was calm, a small smile gracing her lips. Kylo glanced down. Matt’s hand was on her knee, thumb rubbing circles on the skin of her thigh. ‘I do not like this drink.’ Kylo said, startling Matt, who had no doubt forgotten of Kylo Ren’s existence, and had been prattling on endlessly about his highly important work. ‘Rey,’ Kylo continued, watching as she turned to him, pulling away from Matt, ‘I am unsure of beverages, would you care to assist me?’ ‘Sure!’ She said brightly, actively pressing herself into Kylo Ren to push him out of the booth and get herself away from the blond man. ‘I’ll be back in a moment,’ she threw over her shoulder, not looking back as she ushered Kylo Ren towards the smelly bar. Once they were out of sight her shoulders sagged and she sat on a stool. Kylo Ren seated himself beside her. ‘Thank you,’ she mumbled, almost inaudible over the music and chatter about them. ‘That is alright.’ He said. ‘Did you really need help with a drink?’ ‘I cannot drink.’ ‘Oh, yeah,’ she laughed, looking up at him. ‘Sorry this is your first experience of the real world since you got free.’ She waved a hand about them. ‘It’s probably not what you were expecting.’ ‘There is much of interest,’ he said, finding himself needing to soothe her fears. ‘The group of men over there are attempting to seduce women, however the man being most pressured into the task is in fact interested in the male bartender. The woman in the orange dress is in the process of some mental distress over her child being sick. The couple eating in the corner are seriously planning to murder a colleague. There is much of interest and much to feed on.’ ‘Feed?’ She seemed to hang on that word, more than any of the other interesting tidbits he had shared with her. ‘But you don’t eat.’ ‘Physically,’ he said, considering her face, the structure of her cheekbones and the curve of her lashes. ‘My sustenance can be gained from the mental energies of those about me. The more turmoil there is, the better the food.’ ‘You eat peoples feelings ?’ Her hazel eyes were horrified. ‘I have not touched upon yours or your friends out of respect.’ He assauged. ‘Nor do I intend to. However,’ he glanced over her shoulder, back at their table, ‘Matt is ripe for picking, should I have your permission.’ ‘What sort of … picking?’ She asked nervously, fingers twisting nervously together in the hem of her shirt. Kylo Ren considered her for a long moment, weighing up just how much he should tell her. After a pause he decided that with her the truth was perhaps the best. ‘He is drowning in vanity and lust, all for himself. He is thick with narcissism, and his hopes for a sexual liaison with you is only to fuel his conquest for personal gratification and to brag with his acquaintances about how he is still able to coerce his ex-girlfriend into such acts.’ Her face was paling and cheeks burning redder with each word he uttered. ‘I do not believe you should allow him into the apartment this evening, and should call your night short. Finn shall be calling an end to his and Poe’s time soon, leaving you alone.’ ‘I’m not alone,’ she said quietly, and a cold hand pressed against the top of his. He looked down at the tanned and freckled skin. ‘You’re here with me.’ Chapter 15 Notes: I was gonna say 'I probably won't update until after Christmas', but then I saw I have a lot more chapters than I initially thought so ... NEVER MIND! You guys are crazy awesome. Thank you all for being so lovely =] Rey stared at the studio door for a long time. She didn’t really remember leaving the bar, or how Matt had been given the boot, or even when Finn and Poe left. What she did know was that she was in her apartment, in fresh clothes, face washed and with a half-drunk bottle of cold water. Someone had looked after her. She was fairly certain that someone was currently hiding behind the studio door. The lights were off but she could hear movement. The demon could see perfectly in the dark. He didn’t need lights to work on his secretive projects with her project materials. Rey huffed and glared harder. ‘What is it?’ The gruff, sullen question filtered through the door. Rey didn’t answer. She didn’t really know what her problem was, only that there was a problem. She couldn’t place her finger on it, this slightly off-kilter sensation of something slipping out from under her. ‘Rey?’ He stepped through the door. Actually through it, as if it weren’t there, as if he had walked through an archway instead of a closed, physical object. His eyes burned gold, hands obsidian, horns red in the pathetic light of the lamp on the other side of her living room. ‘What is it?’ He asked again, and she stared at him, mouth falling open. ‘You’re a demon.’ ‘Yes.’ He sounded … amused. ‘I am.’ ‘A really big one.’ ‘Yes.’ ‘Yeah.’ She reiterated, stretching out to touch him. ‘You eat peoples feelings.’ ‘You are rather intoxicated.’ ‘Really?’ She tilted her head and the world trembled accordingly. She supposed that probably made sense, considering the gaps in her memory, the furry taste on her tongue and the roiling of her stomach. Yeah, she was probably kinda drunk still. She wanted to press her hand to his stomach and see if her hand would go through him like he’d gone through the door. ‘You should get some rest.’ He took her hand carefully between his claws before she could follow through with her impulsive desire. ‘I’m not tired.’ ‘Come.’ He said, and began to lead her back to her bedroom. ‘Where’d Matt go?’ She asked, but Kylo ushered her through the doorway and pulled the handle closed, leaving her alone in her room. *** ‘I’m going out,’ Rey announced as she stepped out of the bathroom. Kylo was in the kitchen, playing with the kettle again. She watched him for a moment as he flicked the switch on, allowed the water to start boiling, and then flicked it off again. There were three mugs of steaming hot water on the bench. ‘Do you … do you ever want to go out?’ She asked hesitantly. ‘ Do you go out when I’m not here?’ ‘No.’ He glanced back at her, all golden eyes and tousled dark hair. ‘What about the Professor? Don’t you want to find him? Surely you can scare that annoying receptionist a little?’ That earned her a small smile filled with pointed teeth. ‘I have had no luck with your telephone device, I do not wish to attempt to traverse the human realm when any sort of trap could be awaiting me.’ ‘Trap?’ She asked, and he turned away, apparently done with the conversation. As usual. She pulled a face at his back. Let the demon keep his demon secrets about why he needed this Professor. It didn’t matter to her one bit. Besides, she had groceries to get and a library to visit. She snagged her bag off the table, checking for her wallet, keys and phone. Kylo was watching her from the corner of his eyes, hand splayed across the vibrating kettle as he allowed it to complete its boiling cycle. ‘If you break that, you damned well better be able to conjure up some magical demon money and buy me a new one,’ she warned, opening the front door. ‘I would not!’ He sounded affronted, causing her to laugh as she pulled the door shut behind her. The day was warm, filling the sidewalks with pedestrians eager to enjoy the sunshine and blue skies. Icecreams, bicycles, singlet shirts and daggy hats were everywhere. Elderly couples with stumbling toddlers, teenagers face down in their phones, mothers and daughters holding shopping bags, fathers and sons making up rhymes. Rey smiled and hummed at it all. The oncoming summer was a positive thing. Although … her airconditioning was still broken … she’d have to look into that, or get some fans. They were probably cheaper to run. Perhaps Luke had some in his store … She stepped into the library and perused the musty shelves, smiling at Maz, the librarian who seemed older than the classics she was so fond of. The covers were rough under her fingertips, the pages thick with the scent of adventures and knowledge, of young protagonists foiling years of plans, vanquishing the foe, slaying the dragon. Rey plucked out a couple of novels that’d she’d been meaning to read before trudging over to the counter. ‘Good choice, my dear,’ Maz said, perched on a footstool so she could see over the counter. Her pen scratched as she dutifully copied the barcodes and recorded Rey’s details. Maz was not one for technology. She preferred things the old fashioned way. ‘No cookbooks, this time?’ ‘I’m only cooking for myself,’ Rey said, glancing over at the aisles filled with asian dishes, indian delights and cakes to make her teeth rot. ‘There’s not much point.’ ‘A pretty girl like you? Oh, dear. You know, I could possibly help you with that.’ Maz grinned slyly, peering through glasses that magnified her eyes impossibly large. ‘No, that’s okay,’ Rey laughed. Maz had been trying to push a nephew onto Rey for quite a while now. It had become something of a game that both women enjoyed dancing around. ‘If I had someone else, I’d have to share my food.’ ‘Ain’t that the truth of it, dear. Now here you go, enjoy!’ The books were slipped into a cloth bag. With a wave, Rey bid her farewell and slipped out into the sunshine, weaving through the back alley at the side of the building so she could carve a quicker way to the grocery store. The books thudded pleasantly against her side, straps digging slightly into her shoulder as she hummed to herself. She could hear a dog barking, the sound deep and playful. There were birds and children, a car horning blaring in the distance. The sounds of a town waking from hibernation. Pleasant sounds. She turned a corner and apologised as she walked into the broad chest of a man in a dark sweatshirt. He said nothing and didn’t move. Frowning, Rey glanced up at his face. Her eyes widened, mouth falling open in surprise. Nothingness. There was absolute nothingness in his expression. No smile. No grimace. No arched brow. Just his eyes. Dark, hungry eyes. No sound came from her throat as she stepped back. His hand shot out, vice like about her wrist. No sound, pounding heart, Rey tried to step backwards again, arm twisting to break the lock. But he was strong. Really strong, pinning her to that very spot, pinning her with his eyes. Her pulse beat staccato, adrenaline pounding through her veins as she felt time slow impossibly. His hand tightening, crunching her bones together, bruising her skin, his other hand rising to her face, her neck. A breath, short, gasping, throat constricting, tears in her eyes, bag straps slipping from her shoulder. Scream. She had to scream. Help. Someone. Help. Chapter 16 Notes: How about some Kylo POV. Also YOU GUYS LOOK AT THIS THING. OH MY GOSH! Fanart!!! Anyway ... here's the end to that cliffhanger you probably want to read: (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ruby droplets hung in the air, refracting shards of sunlight. It was a fine mist, so light it almost seemed to be suspended, trapped in a beautifully horrific limbo. Glimmering iron shifting with the light summery breeze. Kylo lowered his arm, splayed fingers curling into a fist by his side as he met the stunned gaze of Rey. Her throat worked soundlessly, bobbing with each dry swallow, a scream trapped and seeking escape. ‘Rey,’ he said, and she stared. ‘Where?’ She whispered so softly a human would not have heard. Kylo tilted his head ever so slightly, watching as layer by layer the mist began to settle over her. The man had reeked of chemicals, of decay and dark intentions. A shell of a human, whittled down to the most simple desire of ‘want’ and ‘need’. Addiction. Kylo felt his lip curl in distaste. The fact that the mortal was now coating himself and Rey was not ideal, but the sickening thoughts that had permeated what constituted as his conscience did not deserve existence. ‘What-’ she squeaked, ‘how …’ she raised a trembling hand to her cheek, and it came away red. Kylo Ren scowled as he watched her eyes widen, watched her lips begin to tremble, the colour from her face draining away. ‘He exploded,’ she said. ‘Yes.’ ‘He was … and then …’ ‘I removed the threat. He is no more, you are safe,’ he said to calm her. His words seemed to have the opposite effect, though. Her knees gave out and she sank to the pavement, smeared in blood, tears pooling in her eyes and beginning to tremble down her cheeks. ‘I eviscerated him for you, Rey.’ The tears fell freely, now, white tracks down crimson cheeks as she hiccuped and hyperventilated. ‘Rey,’ Kylo stepped forward and crouched before her, touching her shoulder gently. She flinched under him, twisting away. ‘I’m covered in blood,’ she hissed. ‘I’m covered in his blood Kylo. That isn’t right . Why did you do that?’ ‘He would have hurt you.’ Kylo Ren said, surprise blooming uncomfortably through him. He withdrew his hand in confusion. Her tears were turning to rage and despair directed towards him. ‘Just because he was about to molest me doesn’t mean you can just explode him!’ She said. He sat back on his haunches and studied her silently. She was in a frenzy of emotion, struggling to comprehend what had just happened before her eyes. He did not understand why she was so hesitant, so shocked by the event. Kylo Ren had saved her, had appeared to remove the culprit before he could perpetrate anything worse. She should be happy and thanking him, not be upset. ‘He was going to take you, Rey.’ ‘I could have looked after myself!’ She snapped, hiccupped, stared down at the front of her shirt, at the spray of red that surrounded them, that still danced on the air in tantalising swirls. ‘No. He intended to hold you against your will, take you away and restrain you.’ ‘What?’ He felt the fight flow out of her, her shoulders sagging as she splayed her hands on the ground. ‘He wanted to kidnap me?’ ‘Yes.’ Kylo Ren answered, deciding that the term meant exactly what he had just told her. She was shaking, and then looking at him with wide, imploring eyes. She was nothing like the girl that had left the apartment only a few hours ago. A strange part of him suddenly yearned for vivacity. He carefully tucked the notion away for later introspection. As of this very moment Rey seemed to need something from him. ‘We need to go.’ She said. ‘Go?’ Kylo Ren asked. ‘Yeah, go. Now. We need to go.’ She lurched forward, clutching at him, knees scraping against concrete. He could see sweat beading along her brow. ‘Kylo, there’s blood, what if someone comes? We need to go. But we can’t walk back, people will see. They’ll see !’ He did not understand her sudden, frenzied fear. She reeked of a kind of insanity that made him uneasy, as though her grasp on reality was starting to slip. ‘We need to go home.’ She was insistent, fingers digging into him uncomfortably. ‘We can go home,’ he agreed, to calm her down. ‘But we’re covered in blood!’ She said, retracting her own words. ‘We can’t go anywhere . We need to call the police!’ Kylo Ren scowled, leaning forward to cup her face with his clawed hands. She was breathing rapidly, chest rising and falling, strands of hair that weren’t clotting with blood fluttering about her lips. ‘Look into my eyes.’ He laced the words with a thick command. She did not respond at first, a natural resistance that surprised him with its strength, but then she succumbed. Her eyes lifted to his, pupils shot wide, almost swallowing the hazel or her irises. ‘Look deep,’ he said, and warped them. It took next to no energy now that he had his powers back. He felt the world darken and squeeze about him, the whispers rising to a frenzy and then … silence. He and Rey were kneeling upon the floorboards of the apartment. The breeze curled through the open windows, fluttering the curtains. She was mumbling incoherently in his arms, about blood and death and murder and mess. It was shock, he was fairly certain. He had seen a documentary about it, some months ago. He moved quickly, scooping her up into his arms and strode into the bathroom, flicking a hand to twist open the faucets. Hot water soon began to steam as he set her on the toilet and began to strip her of her clothing. She uttered no word of complaint, staring numbly as he peeled blood drenched clothes from her skin. Within moments he was then manoeuvering her into the bath tub, sinking her into the lavender scented water. She made no move to clean herself, so he did it for her, running the soap over her skin, scrubbing gently at the stains marring her flesh. Water splashed up his sleeves, over his front, but he did not overly mind. His focus was on her, on restoring that thread of sanity in her. He could feel it pulled taut, ready to snap. A wavering golden line growing thin in the dark. Her head tilted down, hair falling into her face. He felt the spike of panic within her before she uttered the sound, a low keen that sank heavily into his bones. Red. The water was red with blood that was not hers. She was bathing in the blood of her enemy. Of course she would not like that. This was Rey of small plants and tales of romance. He plunged his arm into the water, pushing past her hip, her bare legs, to pluck out the plug and drain the water. She was shivering again, lips pale, teeth chattering despite the heat of the bath. He stepped into the tub with her, sliding his hands under her armpits and pulling her up so her weight was against him. The taps turned and the shower sputtered to life above them, dousing them in cold, and then warm water. It was far more tricky bathing her this way, having to support her and attempt to gently rub away the stains that now seemed embedded in the creases of her skin, as if seeping through her clothes had given the blood the right to mark her forever. Kylo Ren would not allow it. He pressed a little harder with the soap, rubbed her hair soap into her tresses, watching as the red poured over his own skin. It was hard to suppress a sigh. He was stained as well, and it was washing off onto her. An endless loop that would have her traumatised for eternity at this rate. Had he known about her intense distaste for blood, he would have traumatised her with it before he had gotten to know her. With a twist of his hand his filthy robes vanished, leaving him dressed in fresh undergarments, every trace of scum removed from him. Against his chest Rey gasped, struggling in his grip as she pulled back. There was something flickering behind her glassy eyes, her brain attempting to process his sudden change in attire, but that faded and he took the opportunity to rub away the last of the soap suds and filth from her hair. Humans released a happy chemical when they hugged, skin on skin aided that, if he recalled correctly. Satisfied that the runoff from their bodies was now clear instead of murky, Kylo Ren pulled her back towards his chest and awkwardly wrapped his arms around her slight frame. They were front to front, her breath fanning against him, short and stressed. How could it be that she was so soft over her muscles, so different to the makeup of his own body? He rubbed a hand up and down her back, feeling the bumps of her spine, the divots of her ribs, the shift of her shoulders as her torso hiccupped. The shiver of her body changed, her fingers curled into fists against his chest. Water drummed pleasantly against his head, rubbing warmth over him, over them. She really was quite soft, tucked so tightly against him. He rested his chin on the crown of her head, eyes closed as he tried to think of the next stage. His mind was strangely blank of the helpful program that he had viewed, no matter how deeply he delved for information he knew he’d seen. Rey made a strange sound, body twitching. Kylo Ren cracked an eyelid and stared thoughtfully at the bathroom tiles. And then she did it again. Unease trailed through him, he recognised that sound. She was crying on him. The unease curled into a hint of panic, which was beyond preposterous. Kylo Ren did not panic. But then, Kylo Ren also did not console crying humans. Or save them. ‘Rey,’ he decided that perhaps reasoning with her would work. At the sound of her name she only began to sob harder. He could feel her face pressed into his chest, her arms snaking around his torso, clinging to him, weight sagging in his grip. ‘Do not cry,’ he said again. She seemed to increase in volume, as if determined to do the exact opposite that he asked. ‘You are clean now, and safe. I will keep you safe.’ He nodded, feeling her hair shift under his chin. Water pattered into his eyes, his ear, so he glared at the taps, forcing the flow to stop. Without the shower running, the bathroom was filled with the sound of her sorrow. Kylo Ren held an arm out, summoning her towel to him. She needed to be dry and warm now. That would be best. Humans were fragile things. In her emotional state, remaining wet would only promote an illness. Soft fabric met his fingers and he dropped the fabric on her head, rubbing gently, pulling slowly away from her so he could slide the towel between them and wrap her in it. She was surprisingly difficult to untangle himself from, but he managed in the end. She was tiny in his arms, wrapped in her pale-blue towel. So very light and delicate and soft. The water evaporated from him the moment he stepped out of the tub. He stood in the living room for a moment, debating with himself. He could place her in her room, but then he would risk her wrath, and he was sure there would be plenty of that once her senses returned to her. Less wrath from the tiny mortal would be best, he decided, turning instead to his room. Rey had repaired the wall, painting it a nice green with his help. They had also gotten him a bed. Kylo Ren had not understood the need, despite Rey constantly telling him that it was for appearances, so her friends wouldn’t assume things that were not correct. Kylo Ren did not understand what they would be assuming, but right now he was glad for her persistence. She did not make a sound when he laid her down on the covers. Instead she curled up onto her side, eyes open, glassy and unseeing. Kylo Ren stared down at her for a long moment before picking up the blanket folded at the end of the bed. He draped it carefully over her and then moved into the kitchen. Excitedly he turned the kettle on to boil and pulled Rey’s favourite mug out of the cupboard. He plucked a teabag from the pantry and stared at the items until the water had boiled. Tea would return her to a sense of normalcy, surely. She enjoyed holding mugs of tea between her hands. Her cheeks always flushed whenever she inhaled the scent of the green leaves, tension slipping out of her shoulders. Perhaps the tea would fix her, make her feel like herself again. And then she would stop crying. Satisfied that the liquid with the right shade of yellow-green, Kylo Ren fished out the tea bag and strode back into his room. The bed sank under his weight and he carefully laid his human looking hand on her trembling shoulder. She was crying into his pillows, arms wrapped tightly about herself. The smell of tea didn’t appear to do anything for her constitution. At a loss, Kylo Ren lifted his hand and placed it on her head. With gentle strokes he imbued heat into his palm and began to dry her hair. She would fall ill otherwise. Slowly she began to lean into him, following his hand until her head was on his thigh, hair fanning softly over his skin. He kept patting her as her sobs died and her eyelashes fluttered closed, clumped together from her tears. Her breathing started to even out, and then she was asleep, curled into him, his leg her pillow. Kylo Ren looked down at the sleeping human and wondered how it had come to this, how he had become nursemaid to this woman. He had never consoled someone before. It was an … odd feeling. The mug of tea was still hot in his hand. He considered it for a long moment. There was the option of transferring it to the floor, but she normally enjoyed the beverage. It also did smell quite nice, a scent that he would probably forever associate with her now. Kylo Ren hummed and peered into the liquid, breathed upon it so that the surface rippled and steam fluttered into the air. He pressed the rim of the mug to his lips and took a tentative sip. Slightly bitter, warm liquid pooled over his tongue and he swallowed convulsively. It brought back memories of another time, of a chalice of bone between his claws, the tang of iron and warmth rushing down his throat. Many lifetimes ago now. Worlds away. He sipped at the tea again, deciding that he did like it. Kylo Ren rubbed his hand up and down Rey’s back, drinking slowly from her mug as he watched the world turn black outside. She did not stir until the windows were a pale grey with dawn. Her body shifted, muscles tightening as she stretched, back twisting under his hand, arms stiffening, draping over his lap, pressing into his stomach. With her movement Kylo Ren discovered there was an unusual sensation in his gut. It took a lot of thought to place the feeling, to recognise it for what it was. Kylo Ren needed to urinate. Notes: WOO! Look at Demon!Kylo being a freaking demon badarse! Yeah! You go Kylo! You be a freaking badarse and ... no ... wait ... back to cute awkward again. Chapter 17 Notes: I hope everyone had a great Christmas/New Years break! Sorry for the hiatus, I needed the time off to just not write fic. I've been working on my manuscript which is slightly more demanding, and also just enjoying family time and such. Whelp, it's back to the real world now though. A whole year of work ahead of me, so I may as well break it up with some fic as well! Rey sat on her hands, swinging her feet gently against the cabinets as she watched her demonic housemate cook her food. They hadn’t properly talked since, well … since then . She’d woken up in his bed, in a towel, arms curled around his mostly naked body, and that had been the end of it. He had instantly been in clothes and had vanished awkwardly into the bathroom. She frowned, a thought occurring to her. ‘You’ve been drinking tea.’ ‘Yes.’ ‘But you don’t require sustenance,’ she mimicked his words. Kylo Ren turned to look at her. There was tomato paste on his cheek and she had the insane urge to lick her finger and rub it off. Rey blinked in surprise, quickly quashing the thought. She had no idea where that had come from. ‘I have discovered that tea is quite pleasant,’ he said by way of an explanation. ‘And you’re cooking because …’ ‘It is interesting.’ She knew that wasn’t the whole truth. Kylo had been walking on eggshells about her for the past week, doing her washing, her cleaning. He’d been attempting to do everything for her, as if she would break. It was frustrating. She wasn’t going to snap. The nightmares were terrible, yes, but she could still navigate her daily life. She still went to work, she still went to the shops. The alleyway was avoided at all costs, but she’d been to the library to tell Maz that her bag had been stolen. She had refused to walk out until she’d paid for replacement books, despite Maz’s assurances that it was okay. ‘Do you want to go back?’ She asked, watching as he tentatively licked a splotch of tomato paste off his finger. ‘To my realm?’ He looked at her again, his eyes startlingly gold, as if he’d just flicked a switch. ‘Well, yeah.’ Her heels thudded against the cabinet door. He moved to stand before her, his body slotting easily between her knees. The breath caught in her throat as she looked up at him, her legs stilling. ‘I have unfinished business,’ he said, voice low and dark. Black ripples ran up and down his forearms, scales flickering along pale flesh. Red glowed between his hair, where his horns would protrude. And then he was human again, the anger ebbing away. ‘Professor Snoke,’ Rey said. ‘Yes.’ ‘Why won’t you talk about him?’ She asked, focusing on looking at him and not on feeling the heat radiating from his body. ‘It is something I must deal with.’ ‘And then you’ll go back?’ She asked, taking advantage of his vaguely chatty mood. Kylo Ren hummed and stepped backwards, out of her personal space. ‘I believe the oven has preheated enough to cook this pizza.’ *** ‘You should take some leave,’ Chewie said as Rey leant against his office door, wiping the grease from her hands onto a rag. ‘Why?’ She laughed, raising an eyebrow. ‘Just been going over the books,’ he said, patting the thick worn cover, yellowing pages crumpled and sticking out in multiple directions. ‘You’ve been working here for years, you have an incredible amount of leave saved up. You should really take some.’ ‘I’m fine, really.’ ‘When was the last time you had a day off?’ He countered. Rey studied his grizzled face for a long moment, watching him run a meaty hand through his wild, greying locks. He was right, she realised. She’d done her apprenticeship here and been offered a job straight away, had been working here for years . She found she couldn’t remember the last time she had a day off. Chewie offered her a lopsided grin when she didn’t respond. ‘Take two weeks. You’ll still have a lot left.’ ‘Two weeks from when?’ She asked. ‘Today. Go home, don’t come back for two weeks. Sound good?’ ‘Sounds like you’re trying to get rid of me,’ she said. Chewie laughed and then leant forward. ‘Listen, Rey. There’s an apprentice coming in, a real cock, has a thing against women doing a man’s job or some shit.’ They rolled their eyes at each other. That Chewie was taking on anyone like that meant it was a favour he couldn’t get out of. ‘I want you out of strife for two weeks, and you did cover for me while I was out. You need the break, you’re looking tired.’ ‘Gee, thanks,’ she threw the rag at him. He caught it easily mid-air. ‘And when you come back I want you to show his arse up.’ They shared an evil smile, delighting in Chewies plan before the shop bell rang and Rey went back to work. *** ‘Rey?’ There was a knock on her bedroom door. She grumbled and rolled over, pulling the blankets up around her head. ‘Rey?’ Another knock, a little more urgent this time. ‘Are you well?’ ‘Yes.’ She grumbled, annoyed that she had to be speaking so early in the morning. ‘What?’ ‘It is far later than normal.’ ‘So?’ She rumbled, trying to sink further into her mattress, pillows caving in around her head, swallowing her in comfortable darkness. She vaguely heard her bedroom door open with a low creak. The bed sank as a rule-breaking demon sat down beside her. ‘Are you doing well mentally?’ He asked, voice concerned. Rey frowned, face scrunched up as she threw the covers off, startling him with her suddenness. ‘What do you mean, mentally?’ She demanded. ‘You are never late for work,’ he said. Her eyebrows shot up in surprise. ‘Oh, that … no … no I’m okay, thank you.’ She immediately felt bad for her grouchiness. Of course he’d be used to her schedule now, it wasn’t like he had anything else to do. ‘I was given two weeks off work, a holiday. Sorry, I didn’t think to tell you …’ ‘So you are not ill?’ ‘No, just sleeping.’ ‘Oh.’ They stared at one another for a long moment. ‘I meditate.’ He said finally, not moving. ‘I believe that is like sleep?’ ‘I’ve never tried meditating.’ ‘Oh.’ They lapsed into silence again. Kylo studied her face and she dropped her gaze, staring at the threads of her sheet. She knew she should be mad that he’d broken the rule again , coming into her bedroom without permission, but it had been out of genuine concern. ‘I could teach you, if you would like.’ He snapped her out of her thoughts, dragging her gaze back up to his. This close she could see that his irises were not merely the colour gold, but were actually flickering with it, as though his eyes were on fire with molten metal. ‘I guess that would be alright,’ she said. At least it would keep him quiet and she could possibly get a little more sleep out of it. Instead of him standing or hovering, he swung his legs up onto the bed and lay down beside her. Rey squeaked as his weight made her roll down towards him. She pressed against him, pushing away so she could correct the way she was laying down. He was incredibly warm to touch. ‘Close your eyes,’ he instructed, and she found herself obeying, helplessly sinking back towards his weight. She knew that she should have an issue with having a supernatural being living in her home, she knew that she should have an issue lying in bed with him. But she found she couldn’t bring herself to be truly bothered. Rey shut her eyes and listened to the deep timbre of his voice. ‘Even out your breathing and clear your thoughts of anything unnecessary. Focus on the in and out, centre everything into the beat of your heart.’ Rey attempted to do it, lulled into a warm sense of security by his voice. She felt her mind empty, her scattered thoughts about work, about her nightmares and friends and meals all peeling away until she focused on breathing. But it wasn’t her breathing, it was his, the sound of his deep inhales filling his lungs, expanding his broad chest, the heavy gust as he released it all, the pound of his pulse under her fingertips. She was still touching him, a hand bracing herself against his ribs so she wouldn’t roll back into him. He was silk over steel, muscles rippling under her touch as he shifted his body slightly, angling towards her. ‘Your thoughts,’ he said softly, and she could feel his breath over her face, could taste the warmth of it, ‘silence them. They are not conducive to meditation.’ No. No they weren’t. She pulled her hand away from him, forcing herself to clear her mind, concentrate on nothingness, on how her mind must be when she is asleep. How still and quiet she must be. The darkness and nothingness … Chapter 18 Notes: Only a baby chapter today. I think I must have given up on it and moved all the betterer stuff to the next chapter. So, I suppose next week will be more fun? I really don't know what past me was thinking. SORRY FOR THE PATHETIC UPDATE! You guys are the best. Love you all! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey woke to a warm pressure at her back. She shifted slightly, moaning softly as she stretched. Sunlight filtered through the window, bathing her in a pleasant golden glow. She rolled over and found herself pressed into Kylo’s side. ‘You’re not supposed to be in here,’ she mumbled. ‘You fell asleep,’ he said, eyes closed, hands laced over his bare stomach. ‘Where are your clothes?’ She sat up quickly, looking down at him in surprise and then quickly looking away. He was wearing loose pants, but still … and in her room? She felt her face heat up in flustered embarrassment. And then she frowned as a thought occurred to her. She glanced back at him. ‘Don’t you have any scars?’ ‘I have many.’ ‘I can’t see any,’ she said, bending over him and studying the incredibly smooth expanse of skin. ‘Is that important to you?’ He asked. She glanced up at his face. Golden eyes were partially cracked, peering lazily through black lashes at her. He reminded her of a cat waiting to pounce. ‘Scars are important,’ she said, sitting back on her haunches. She hiked her sleeping shirt up to show him her stomach and ribs. Rey tapped at a silvered line that spanned from her bellybutton to just under her right breast. ‘This is from when I was a kid,’ she told him matter-of-factly. ‘And this one,’ she twisted to show him a puckered circle that rested on her hip and dragged diagonal towards her side. ‘I had a metal pole go through me. It actually scratched the bone, too.’ ‘You have so many for a human,’ he said, eyes fully open now, head tilted towards her, cataloguing all her old injuries. ‘Well, I’ve had a hard life compared to others, but it’s part of my story. Scars show where you’ve been and remind you of it.’ She lowered her shirt and met his gaze, slowly raising her eyebrows. Kylo looked at her for a long moment before huffing. And then his body changed. His skin was rippled and torn, large gashes of pale skin pulled taut, criss-crossing and jagged. Through it all ran thick black lines, a heavy tattoo that ran over his pecs and down his sides, symbols she didn’t recognise slipping into straight lines, accented by dots. He studied her face, watching her reactions as she took it all in, unable to stop the gasp that escaped her. ‘This is …’ ‘My past.’ He supplied, voice neutral. ‘I have lived a long life, these bear witness to that.’ ‘What else do you hide from me?’ She couldn’t help but ask. There was amusement on his face, twisting his lips into an almost smile. ‘Is it worse than this?’ ‘My past is bad to you?’ ‘No, I mean …’ but he stopped her from having to explain. He sat up and grasped her hand in his, turning so that his back faced her, revealing more of his tattoo and more of his scars. Kylo angled her hand against his shoulder blade and applied pressure, forcing her to press into the muscle. There was a bump there, deep beneath the surface. ‘What is it?’ She asked. He looked at her from over his shoulder, hair falling into his face. ‘When I was younger,’ he said, still holding her wrist against him, ‘I had the gift of flight.’ ‘These are wings ?’ She asked incredulously, pressing harder to feel the ridges. ‘They were, yes.’ ‘What happened?’ She trailed her free hand over his other shoulder, finding the same spot, and then she pushed, feeling the hard bump under the tension of his muscles. What had they looked like? She immediately thought of huge raven-like wings, feathered and shiny. ‘I severed them.’ ‘You … you what?’ She tugged her hands away from him and he turned to face her again. ‘I took a blade and dug it deep into my back, cutting through the tendons and muscles that permitted me to fly. I removed my wings.’ ‘But … but why would you …’ She stared at him, completely aghast. She couldn’t comprehend doing that. Not wings, necessarily, but removing something of herself, a finger or toe … an arm … a leg … how could he speak so calmly about chopping part of himself off? And he’d done it himself? She grasped his hands, pulling them into her lap. ‘Didn’t it hurt?’ ‘Very much so.’ He agreed, looking down at their entwined fingers. ‘Then why ?’ She asked. Kylo’s face went carefully blank as he closed off from her, withdrawing back into himself. ‘My scars are my past,’ he said. ‘Sometimes the past is best left as it is. Behind.’ And then he was standing up and pulling away. ‘I apologise for remaining where I was off limits. I thought you were … not alright earlier.’ ‘I know,’ she said, watching as he ducked his head, backing slowly towards the door, ‘thank you.’ Notes: Seriously. I'm actually embarrassed by how short this is. But also super lazy, so I'm not changing anything. Shout out to Korpi and Isha for the demon love! And the random anons I get! They're super sweet =3 (Also I checked: next weeks chapter is a decent length and also fun. Totally makes up for this one) Chapter 19 Notes: A nice big chapter to make up for last week =] Enjoy! ‘I could have been a Sky Walker,’ he said while she ate breakfast. They were seated at the table, Kylo huge in his seat, Rey curled up in hers. ‘A what?’ ‘With my wings.’ Her spoon clinked against the bowl as she put it down, looking up at him carefully. Black claws were tangled together, long lashes lowered on pale cheeks, hair falling into his face as he stared down at his hands. He was the picture of dejection, even the red of his horns seemed muted in colour. She didn’t understand what he meant, but he’d been quiet since they’d woken up, so it had obviously been weighing on him. ‘Do you want to be a Sky Walker?’ ‘It is of little concern to me now,’ he said almost defensively. ‘What- Kylo, I’m sorry. I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ She leant forward and tentatively placed her hand on his forearm, just above his black scales. He was hot to touch, skin searing against hers. ‘Could you explain, maybe? Just a little bit?’ ‘A Sky Walker,’ he said with a bland voice, still not looking at her, ‘is a strong clan within the realms.’ ‘And how do you become one?’ She asked when he lapsed into silence. The quiet was long and she was mentally steeling herself to get up and have a shower when he finally spoke again. ‘I was born one.’ He said. ‘You were born?’ She couldn’t imagine him as a child, learning to talk and walk. The image of him with his hand outstretched, haloed by shimmering red popped into her mind, his pupils blown wide, the gold of his irises a slim ring, his horns blazing bright, claws sharp, face impassive. How could that have been a child once, a baby curling into a mother’s arms? ‘Everything is born,’ he said, lip curling derisively, eyes flicking up to meet hers for a moment. They burned bright gold, ringed with black now. ‘My wings denoted me a Sky Walker, the first born in a generation.’ ‘You didn’t want to be special?’ ‘My state of birth does not make me special.’ The tone of his voice was loaded with the past. Rey had the distinct impression that he’d held this argument many times with himself over the years. ‘What I do makes me powerful.’ ‘I bet they were beautiful.’ She said, not sure what else she could say. He looked at her properly then, his eyes simmering to yellow sparks in a sea of green. Human hands touched her own and she glanced down at them in surprise. ‘Let us go out today.’ ‘What?’ ‘Into the world. I want to see some of the world,’ he insisted. His horns vanished in a fizzle of embers. ‘I guess we should get you some human clothes …’ she said. He arched an eyebrow and was in jeans and a tight fitting black shirt when she blinked. ‘Well then perhaps a walk?’ She rose, only to stop, his grip holding her locked in place. ‘What do humans do on days such as this one?’ Rey glanced over her shoulder, out the window by her armchair. A light breeze rustled the tops of the trees, the sun high in the sky already. ‘How about we go to the park?’ She offered with a smile. *** They were literally steps from leaving the apartment when there was a knock. Kylo’s face darkened immediately, leaving Rey with no doubt about who was on the other side. ‘Hi Unkar,’ she said with false cheeriness as she turned the handle and pulled the door open. ‘Rey! Perfect,’ Unkar Plutt said, standing on the threshold. In his hand was a tool box, the exterior worn and dusty. ‘I’m checking all the smoke alarms in the building, just to make sure, you know? Can’t be too careful.’ ‘Oh, I changed the battery a month ago,’ she said as he pressed his way passed her into the apartment. He stopped the instant he saw Kylo. ‘Oh, boyfriend?’ He asked, eyes running up and down Kylo’s body. The demon was impassive, staring down at the rotund man with a blank expression. ‘I live here.’ Kylo said as Rey floundered helplessly for an explanation. ‘I am Rey’s roommate.’ ‘Are you now?’ Unkar turned slowly to face Rey, eyebrows raised in question. ‘I’ll need you to fill out some forms then, just for my records. You should come down to my office,’ the tool kit clattered as he set it down on the bench, one of the latches popping open, weak with age. ‘I’ll do that,’ Rey agreed, the smile on her face feeling strained as she glanced at Kylo. The man looked annoyed, his brow furrowing the longer he studied Unkar. She didn’t blame him really, after he’d had to deal with Unkar sleuthing through the apartment while she wasn’t home. ‘How about tonight? Kylo and I were about to go out.’ ‘I see.’ Unkar said again, slowly popping the other latch and throwing the lid open to reveal a mess of rusted screwdrivers, hammers and nails. There was a half empty pack of batteries which made her think that perhaps this time he actually was carrying out landlord duties. ‘Well, you’re a tall lad and we don’t want to trouble the young lady with getting out a step ladder. Why don’t you do the honours?’ Unkar handed over a screwdriver to Kylo, who took it and stared at it curiously. Dredd flooded Rey. This wasn’t good. Kylo hadn’t seen one before, let alone used a screwdriver! He’d mess it all up and then Unkar would know. Somehow he’d know who Kylo was. Her fingers were still wrapped around the door handle, knuckles white with how tightly she was gripping the knob. ‘This?’ Kylo asked, stepping up to the white circular fire-alarm on the wall in the kitchen. ‘Of course,’ Unkar said, his eyes sliding over to Rey and staying there. His interest in Kylo seemed minimal compared to his interest with her. It made her skin crawl with the realisation. Behind him Kylo held the screw driver awkwardly while the screws and cover plate seemed to remove themselves. There was a moment where Kylo stared uncomprehendingly at the battery and the couple of wires inside, before he turned back to Unkar and cleared his throat. Unkar turned slowly, confused, before realising what he was supposed to be doing. He pressed a battery into Kylo’s outstretched hand and pointed back at the smoke alarm. Kylo frowned down at it before glancing at Rey. A hysterical giggle tried to worm its way up her throat. ‘The electrics and heating have been fine?’ Unkar asked, turning back to Rey. ‘Oh yes.’ She agreed. ‘No more weird sounds or issues?’ He pressed. ‘Absolutely none. The apartment’s great. Really enjoying living here.’ She nodded, pressing her lips tightly together as her neck moved stiffly. ‘Are you on break from work?’ He continued as Kylo eventually put the new battery on the bench and resealed the device without moving. He turned and looked back at Rey. ‘For the moment,’ she said. ‘We thought we’d go and spend the day at the park or something.’ ‘Sounds lovely.’ Unkar wheezed, looking anything but pleased. His face was scrunched up in annoyance, face ruddy. ‘Done.’ Kylo said, moving past Unkar to stand beside Rey. He placed his hand on her back, the point of contact warm and comforting as his fingers splayed across her tense muscles. ‘Thank you,’ Unkar said, gathering up his tool kit slowly. ‘It must be nice being so tall,’ he joked, gaze sliding past them to scan the rest of the apartment. He even glanced up at the ceiling and Rey felt herself biting back a smile. If only he knew the demon he was nervous of had just been handling his screwdriver. ‘Well,’ Rey said, opening the front door a little further. ‘I’m glad to see everything is in order,’ Unkar said as he finally took his leave. ‘Enjoy your … walk.’ They waited for fifteen minutes just to minimise the risk of running into the Landlord on the stairs. ‘You cannot go to him this evening.’ Kylo said emphatically. ‘I’m not going to,’ Rey said. ‘You don’t even pay rent!’ Kylo tilted his head at that. Rey smiled up at him. ‘Don’t worry about me so much. It’s fine. I’ve been dealing with men like him all my life.’ ‘That is not comforting.’ Kylo said with a dark frown. ‘I suppose it probably isn’t.’ She shrugged her shoulders. ‘Come on, we’re wasting daylight!’ *** As it turned out, Kylo didn’t seem to particularly enjoy the park. Rey lead him down leafy footpaths with dappled sunlight and green shade. Flowers bobbed in the light breeze that took the sting out of the warm day. There were dogs and children everywhere, chasing balls, riding bikes, playing tag and fetch and eating snacks and getting dirty. The demon sat stiffly on a park bench while Rey got them milkshakes, seeing as he’d somehow decided that he now ate food. They drank quietly as Kylo stared up at the trees, watching the branches move. Rey was happy just people watching, enjoying the pleasantness of the atmosphere and trying to ignore the growing well of darkness beside her. By sunset they called it quits and strolled home through rectangles of light and bustling sidewalks, climbing the stairs to her apartment, their arms laden with groceries and a bunch of flowers Rey had picked in the park. Dinner cooked in a pot on the stove as Kylo sequestered himself into his room, the door closed firmly behind him. Rey ate by herself, staring at the door as she chewed, trying to figure out what he was upset about. He hadn’t responded to her knocks or questions over whether he wanted to join her or not. Perhaps he hadn’t enjoyed their day? Was the park a bad choice? Did demons even like parks? No. Of course they didn’t! Weren’t they supposed to be evil? Maybe she should have taken him to a museum … or a blood bank … or a graveyard … she had no idea. Was there anything she could have done to make it better? It was his first time out in she didn’t know how long, apart from that other time … she should have tried harder, done more. And a milkshake? What interest would a demon have in drinking a milkshake? Rey groaned and stared down at her bowl, now devoid of pasta, feeling like Kylo’s mood was her fault. She picked up her bowl and took it into the kitchen, slowly beginning the washing up process, that turned into scrubbing the stove, and then the splashback. Her fridge was emptied and cleaned, the floor scrubbed, cupboards rearranged and wiped. The living room was dusted and mopped, curtains taken down for washing the next day. She moved into her room to start there, but sleep dragged her to bed, the clock read out telling her it was well after midnight. *** Her eyes opened a minute before her work alarm would normally go off and she dragged herself from the comfortable embrace of her blankets. She was on holidays. A break from work. Which meant no work. What was she even supposed to do? Last night had been a whirlwind of distraction, cleaning most of her apartment, and trying to entertain Kylo had obviously failed. She couldn’t even work on finishing her gifts for Poe and Finn, as late as they were. The items were sequestered away in Kylo’s room. She couldn’t get to them at all, and his obsession with her materials had meant she’d had little opportunity to make her gifts anyway. Was that what he was doing in there? Making things? She wondered what sort of things a demon would make. What kind of ghoulish creatures fluttered through his thoughtways? She was standing before his door again, simply staring at the grain of the wood, trying to think of anything that would rouse him. ‘You think too loudly,’ his voice rumbled around the living room. Rey almost jumped out of her skin, heart pounding in her chest as she struggled to remember how to breathe. ‘What is it?’ He asked, the door opening and filling with his large frame. He was empty clawed, the visible space behind him devoid of any clues to what he’d been doing all night. ‘It’s nothing.’ She said quickly, unsure what to say. ‘It is something.’ He said, sounding slightly … grouchy. Rey felt her eyebrows rise as realisation sunk in. ‘Are you … Mister Ghost, are you … grumpy?’ ‘I do not know what this term means,’ he said huffily, arms folding over his chest. ‘What’s on your mind?’ She asked, changing tactics, but doubting this would get her any further. It certainly hadn’t in the past. He glanced over his shoulder, before looking back at her. ‘It is nothing of any concern for you.’ And then he stepped towards her, closing the room door behind him. ‘It is my concern,’ she shot back defiantly, deciding to stand her ground. She had to live here too, and a grumpy housemate would make everything miserable. ‘What’s wrong?’ ‘Wrong?’ He stared down at her, eyes flickering between gold and brown, as though he couldn’t decide which form best suited his current mood. He eventually settled on demon, his gaze burning bright, mouth full of sharp teeth as he spoke. ‘I assure you if anything were to be wrong I would not need to confide in you.’ ‘Bullshit.’ She said. He blinked slowly at her, brows lowering as he began to frown. ‘You’re lying to me and I’m sick of all your silence. You need to talk to me, Mister!’ She accompanied this with a jab to the chest. She idly wondered what demonic punishment would be like, after she pushed him too far over the edge and he decided to take his revenge on her. ‘Talk?’ He said the word as though he were unfamiliar with it. Frustration burned hot in her and she wanted to shove him. The sudden anger was almost overwhelming, the dam bursting with emotions she hadn’t even realised she’d been harbouring. ‘Yes! Talk! You tried to chase me out of my home, and then after I finally help you what do you do? Nothing. You won’t talk to me but you’re a part of my life now, Kylo! You’re here and we need to work together. What’s wrong with you? Do you feel sad? Are you confused or hurt? Was yesterday boring? Did I offend you?’ The words fell from her and she was helpless to stop them, desperate to make him see that she was only trying to help him, that she couldn’t if he didn’t trust her. ‘Oh.’ He said unhelpfully. She folded her arms over her chest, suddenly embarrassed at her outburst. She turned quickly to hide in the bathroom. ‘Rey.’ He said, voice quiet. She stopped, waiting. ‘I … I thought that … at the park,’ he paused, sounding almost … nervous. ‘I believed when we were there that … I was upset because I did not get to view a live squirrel.’ Chapter 20 Notes: Seriously, you guys? I broke 1000 Kudos. I was at dance and almost cried when I noticed! Way to make me look not cool in front of people I don't know or care about! Hehe! ALSO! Foolish, silly old me forgot to link the most AMAZING thing in the whole wide world last week! Wifey drew me a SMOKIN' HOT picture of Demon!Kylo that you'll be positively drooling over! My Wifey is also open for commissions, and damned straight I'm plugging her. Did you SEE what she made for me?!? Enjoy the chapter, lovelies. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did! They sat in his room, sprawled out over the floor, windows thrown open to let in the cool breeze. ‘Are you sure you don’t want to try using some of my tools?’ She asked his broad back, wiggling her toes to get the blood circulating in her legs. ‘I am okay.’ He said, hunched over whatever he was working on. The squirrel had pride of place on the small shelving unit, looking down at them work. Rey turned the cat over and over in her hands, inspecting the joins and feeling for any rough patches she still needed to file down. It had been a day since Kylo’s grudging explanation of his mood, and now the entire apartment was clean. She’d convinced him to help with the washing, which he leapt at the chance to do, eagerly pressing the right buttons and carefully measuring out the detergent. Their reward was craft work, which was to say, Rey had decided she really needed to finish her project. Kylo had hoarded some of the materials for himself, casting some sort of shadow over the spot where his highly secret project was resting. It was amusing, how serious he was about keeping it from her, but all she could do was shrug her shoulders and wait. ‘You’re staring.’ He said, startling her from her thoughts. ‘Sorry.’ She said, still looking at the muscle rippling under his skin. She could see the faint whisper of the pitch-black tattoos he’d shown her. The edges of them seemed to flicker in and out of existence, tricking her peripherals. ‘Are you doing that on purpose?’ She finally asked, throwing a bolt at his head. Kylo glanced over his shoulder, the bright gold framed in ebony lashes sending a shiver down her spine. ‘It is sometimes difficult to maintain a purely human form when I am concentrating.’ He said. ‘Intense concentration would require no disguise.’ ‘Oh.’ She shuffled onto her knees and leant forward. ‘So do they mean anything? Finn has a tattoo and there’s a huge story behind it.’ ‘Yes.’ Kylo said simply. Rey waited. Kylo turned back and continued working, using only his hands and his demon prowess to join the metal pieces together. ‘I’m done for today.’ She announced into the growing silence. ‘Very well.’ He said, still working. Rey stood and stretched, watching him from the corner of her eye as her shoulder popped and back cracked. He was still casting some sort of shadow before him, so it consumed his hands and the ground, obscuring his work site from her. She huffed in annoyance, hoping to get something out of him. Rey slid her barefeet over the floorboards, working her way as quietly as she could towards him, bending at the waist, mouth hovering by his ear. ‘Hungry?’ She asked loudly. Kylo Ren almost jumped out of his skin. Whatever he was holding hit the ground with a thud, materials scattering from the orderly piles he’d created. The darkness flickered and for a brief second his skin was inked black with his past. Horns pierced his hair and claws scrabbled towards the ground. ‘No!’ He said in the harshest tone he’d ever used on her, utterly flustered. Rey giggled. ‘I do not experience hunger!’ He said, inhaling deeply. Rey grinned widely at how much she’d startled him. Satisfied that he wouldn’t ignore her for much longer, Rey left him to clean up, moving idly around her apartment for lack of anything else to do. Rey and holidays never really got along. She preferred doing things, working and earning money so that she could save for materials, or a more comfortable space to live. All this time was annoying, to be honest. She could go and get some books, but with Kylo in the house she felt compelled to at least try to entertain him. It was like having a pet or a child. She groaned and flopped into her chair, sliding around so that she hung over the arms, head tilted upside down over the side, looking in the direction of her studio. No, not her studio. Her pet/fully grown demon-baby’s bedroom. That he never slept in. Because demons don’t sleep. Her phone vibrated in her pocket, mercifully pulling her from her thoughts. ‘What’s up?’ She asked, not bothering to check the ID. Finn was the only one to ever call her. ‘Hey you!’ Finn said cheerfully. ‘I called you yesterday but Kylo answered.’ ‘Did he now?’ She asked, frowning at the shirtless figure moving about in the doorway. ‘Yeah, he said you were on holidays? Way to tell me! I actually have tomorrow off, so why don’t I come over tonight for some pizza and movies?’ ‘What about Poe?’ She asked, wondering if demons had to work out, or if Kylo naturally retained the thick muscle in his arms, or the definition in his abdomen. ‘He’s working late, and has to go in early tomorrow, so it’s probably best if it’s just me.’ ‘Are you guys fighting or something?’ She asked, just to make sure. They were hard to gauge. Most of the time they were joined at the hip, only to sporadically flip around and want nothing to do with each other for a week, preferring to get their schedules out of the way so they could continue making googly eyes and kissy faces at one another. ‘We’re cool, you know how it is sometimes,’ Finn said, sounding utterly fine. ‘Well, come over whenever then, I guess,’ Rey said, supposing that at least sorted out the rest of the days activities. She hung up and tossed her phone onto the ground, listening to the base skitter across the floorboards as she watched Kylo come to stand in the doorway. He looked back, golden eyed and red-horned, black claws hanging limply by his sides. He had to work out at some point. No one could possibly be that massive and well put together, she decided, trying not to let her eyes sink towards the waistband of his pants. He was a demon. A demon . But she was upside down and her gaze just happened to rest at the definition that led to his groin and she had to live with him, Rey, what was with this stupid train of thought? She sprang to her feet, head spinning at the sudden change of direction. ‘Food!’ She said loudly. ‘I was getting food!’ *** ‘Isn’t this a little tongue-in-cheek?’ Rey asked as Finn clicked on the movie file. ‘What do you mean?’ Kylo Ren asked, watching Finn’s motions curiously. He had seen Rey working her laptop before, but never up close. Her movements kept distracting him though. For some reason Rey seemed unable to make herself comfortable, which seemed strange as the bed seemed to be the perfect level of supportive and cushioning. ‘I was wrong, okay?’ Finn said. ‘You’re putting on a horror movie about a haunting.’ Rey said, her tone pointed, eyebrow arched questioningly. Kylo Ren felt his own eyebrows rise, a mimic of her reaction to surprise. He had viewed many documentaries on hauntings down stairs, and although he knew what a movie was, he had never thought that there would be one on any of his kind. The prospect was fascinating. ‘So, I used to think this place had a ghost in it,’ Finn said, directing his words towards Kylo Ren. ‘There were rumours that this place was haunted, and I thought Rey was nuts to buy it.’ ‘But it isn’t haunted is it, Finn?’ Rey said as Finn hit play and shuffled back on the bed, squeezing Rey between himself and Kylo Ren. ‘Look, some really weird stuff happened, okay? Maybe you just scared away the ghosts, you’re pretty tough,’ Finn teased. ‘So I figure, why not pay a little homage and watch this thing I downloaded.’ Kylo Ren felt amusement rumble through him at Finn’s dismissive words. With the flick of a hand Kylo Ren could invert the gravity of this room, having them sit on the ceiling to view the movie. He would not, though, for Rey’s sake. The movie turned out to be quite the let down. Rey and Finn were thoroughly engrossed, jumping and squealing at the parts that must have been scary. Kylo Ren was not all that impressed with it. The plot seemed to be centered around two people in a house, and frankly their reactions were some of the least interesting he had ever witnessed in a haunting. It was all fake too, of course, unless they were being visited by the most incompetent demon ever, which was possible. Some of the weak ones did manage to worm their way through the cracks, occasionally. No, the movie was quite dull. Kylo Ren found himself more and more interested in Rey pressed to his side. It started out with the scent of her floral shampoo, a familiar and comforting smell that seemed to encompass him. And then he noticed the way her fingers began to dig into his forearm. As being somewhat of an expert in body language, Kylo Ren was mildly surprised to find that she was leaning into him for support instead of her friend. Every fright had her burrowing in slightly deeper, as though Kylo Ren would keep the imagined horrors at bay. He would have to remember to question her on her actions, though Finn seemed utterly unaware of the change in dynamic. He was too busy screaming at the movie couple to leave the damned house and forget the baby. What would a demon even do with a baby? That was Kylo Ren’s other issue with the movie. It was hard enough containing himself around a rather resilient human female. How was one supposed to train and feed an infant mortal? They had no resistance to cold or heat, and their bones were so fragile. They would certainly not last a day within the Realms. Barely an hour if they survived transporting there. There was apparently a second movie, which he also had to endure. By the end of it Rey and Finn were wide awake and nervous about the shadows. Kylo Ren was not sure what to make of that. He had spent weeks attempting to frighten Rey from her apartment, and within four hours she was too nervous to turn a light off. Although now he had no complaints, perhaps when he had first encountered her he should have dragged her about the house, regardless of how draining that would have been. Maybe that would have scared her away. It was the past though, he supposed as Finn turned off the laptop and they moved into the kitchen, all lights on, mugs of hot cocoa in hand courtesy of Rey. ‘Couldn’t we have watched Disney?’ Rey grumbled into her cup. ‘Why ghosts?’ ‘I told you, it’s a homage to your house! To the lack of anything supernatural residing within these sturdy walls.’ ‘You believe in the supernatural world?’ Kylo Ren asked in interest. ‘Definitely.’ Finn nodded. ‘My Grandma was very superstitious, and so was my Father. He was terrified of getting possessed.’ ‘Possession is very rare,’ Kylo Ren said dismissively. ‘A haunting is more likely.’ ‘How’s life?’ Rey changed the subject, drawing Finn’s attention thoroughly away and boring Kylo Ren utterly with the mundane of the human world. It was not all boring, but if it did not involve Rey, he saw little value in paying too close attention to it. Finally, as the air pressure dropped to indicate the coming of dawn, Finn decided that perhaps it was time to leave. The moment the front door was closed, Rey was turning towards him, eyes wide in anticipation. ‘What did you think?’ She asked eagerly, as though she had not been awake for the longest amount of time Kylo had ever witnessed. ‘Did you think they were scary? Probably not, you didn’t jump once. Were they at least a little bit scary for you? I think Finn actually bruised my leg. He hit me by accident!’ She laughed and rubbed the offending spot. ‘It was … interesting.’ Kylo Ren allowed. Rey was standing close to him, staring up with big hazel eyes rimmed with exhaustion. ‘You should sleep.’ He said, wondering how well she coped with sleep deprivation. He had not managed to produce that result in her either, she could sleep through scratching in the walls and ignore tapping against windows and slamming doors. Perhaps the film directors could make a movie of Rey. At least she would be genuinely dismissive of the supernatural, instead of sluggish and overly dramatic. ‘I don’t really like scary movies,’ she said, nose wrinkling as she smiled mockingly at her own words. ‘They give my nightmares.’ ‘You are not easily scared,’ he said in surprise, eyebrows rising without any need of mimicry. She shrugged, dropping her gaze to look about her brightly illuminated apartment. Kylo Ren stared at the top of her head for a long moment. His gaze then slid to the inky blackness that coated his forearms now that Finn had left. It felt good to be able to drop minor shields, like relaxing a muscle. With another shimmer his scars and tattoos spread across his skin, straight lines cutting across his biceps, jagged edges running over his stomach. A thick mass of scar tissue marred one of the thicker lines on his left side, interrupting a trail of dots that had accentuated it. It felt good to be able to simply exist without the pretense of perfection now, because his human had said that perfection was not necessarily good. She was a strange human, too naturally chipper despite a sour history that had brought upon her just as much hardship in her short life as he had encountered amongst his years. ‘Come.’ He decided, holding out his hand. She looked at it for a moment before slipping her pale palm against the dark backdrop of his own. So strange that a film would terrify her, but his long claws closing over her fragile flesh elicited no hint of nervousness. ‘You may sleep on my bed while I work.’ She nodded wordlessly, transparent in her need to not be alone. He walked them both into his room, but when he went to step away from her she held on, forcing him to sit beside her as she lay down on the bed, grip firm on his hand. Her face was pressed into the side of his leg as he leant his back against the headboard, looking down at her, so small and breakable. A fragile human too stubborn to recognise the danger she clung to. Or perhaps, he realised, she knew that he was no danger to her. Chapter 21 Notes: I can't remember if I've shared these before as well, and it's impossible to search for anything when you're on your phone (which I was on last week when I posted the chapter). So here you go, some other awesome things created for this story: - An awesome aesthetic created for Demons! - More fan art sketches which are my utter favourites (especially the cat one!) Thank you again for all the love! I really do enjoy your comments, and even though it takes forever, I do get back to every comment left. Also feel free to come and say hi on Tumblr! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) ‘That is a lot for you to have carried by yourself for so long,’ Kylo decided as they entered the apartment, laden with grocery bags. Rey grinned at him. ‘That’s why I’m so strong!’ She teased, pulling the fridge door open with her foot so she could start loading in the cold things. Kylo had been fascinated by the grocery store, eyes widening when the doors had opened automatically, to the frozen section where the sensors had turned the display lights on when they’d approached. The variety of products had perplexed him as well, so Rey had splurged a little, buying a few extra things that had caught his interest. And why couldn’t she? She had a little extra money saved, and she didn’t have anything planned with it. Kylo Ren, fierce demon home invader was now the proud owner of a toy kitten with enormous gleaming eyes, nail polish, emery boards, cotton balls and post it notes in a variety of colours. He’d also been intrigued by the concept of popcorn, so she’d bought that too, but she liked to think of that as more of a joint purchase. He was practically jiggling on the spot for her to make spaghetti for dinner with the ingredients that he’d helped pick out of the fresh produce section. In fact, he’d liked it so much he’d offered to do the shopping for her again when she returned to work. A perk of having a demon do the shopping was that he didn’t bat an eyelid in the feminine hygiene section of the store, Rey supposed, having just put him through that exact scenario. He’d simply stood at her side, asking her what the different terms meant and what the pros and cons were. That had raised a few eyebrows on eavesdropping bystanders. ‘Rey?’ Kylo said it as though he’d called her name a few times. Rey looked up to see that the rest of the bags had been unpacked and put away already. She blinked in surprise. Had she just been squatting in front of the fridge and staring into space? ‘What’s up?’ She asked, as if she hadn’t just been lost in her own thoughts. ‘I want to make dinner for you.’ He announced. ‘Go and sit and I will prepare it all.’ That made her smile. ‘You don’t know how to,’ she said. ‘I have your instruction guides on how to properly cook a meal. I wish to do this for you.’ Not one to look a gifthorse in the mouth, Rey picked up a newly acquired book and retired to her armchair to read and listen to Kylo murmur to himself as he set about cooking. Although she wasn’t facing him, Rey wasn’t able to concentrate on her book, finding herself staring out the window instead as she listened to him cut up tomatoes, pots and spoons clanging as he began to boil water and combine ingredients. The smells were amazing, and as the colour leached out of the sky Kylo finally announced that dinner was ready. Rey turned to see that two settings had already been placed on the table, and above the table hovered tiny balls of flame, circling each other, as though trapped in orbit. The gasp escaped her involuntarily as Kylo placed two plates of food down, and then a garlic bread. They hadn’t bought garlic bread. He’d made that himself. Kylo even pulled out her seat for her, and then helped her push it in before taking his own chair beside her. ‘This is amazing!’ She said, at a loss for what else to say as she watched the light flicker and dance above her. ‘You are welcome.’ Kylo said, picking up his fork. He looked utterly human in this moment, dressed in a black t-shirt and jeans. But then he looked up and his eyes burned molten gold. It sent a fizzle through her, nervous excitement churning in her gut. She hastily picked up her fork and put food in her mouth so she didn’t have to think or talk. ‘Oh this is amazing!’ She said around the mouthful immediately, unable to help herself. To hell with manners. She was eating with a demon! And this was possibly the best spaghetti she’d ever eaten. It certainly wasn’t any recipe out of her cookbooks! She had a bite of garlic bread and almost died and went to heaven. Rey actually moaned, flushing bright pink as the sound escaped her. Kylo watched her with a slight smirk, his fingers tinged grey in the warm lighting as he held a cup to his lips. ‘You approve then?’ ‘You can cook any time!’ She nodded emphatically to drive home her point. ‘Hell Kylo, this is just … can you teach me?’ She laughed happily, twirling spaghetti strands around her fork, eager to eat more but also wanting to prolong it. ‘Your holiday time is almost over,’ Kylo said. Rey fancied that he actually sounded a little bit sad. His plate already sat half empty in front of him. For someone who supposedly never ate, he’d developed the knack for it fairly quickly. ‘What do you plan to do on your last day tomorrow?’ ‘I’m not sure,’ she said, already eager to get back to work. She missed having grease in her hair and rust under her nails. Being so clean for so long felt almost wrong to her. ‘We can go somewhere if you want to.’ She offered, equally as happy to stay home. She’d taken Kylo to plenty of places over her break, the museum, the park again, though Kylo had been far more level-headed when they hadn’t spied any squirrels. Rey had even taken him on the train to go to the zoo, though they didn’t end up going in. Kylo had decided the train was fascinating enough, so they’d ridden it a few times, before catching a bus and then strolling through the town watching the shops close for the evening. It was all so mundane, and yet strangely entertaining. ‘I only wished to do this for you.’ Kylo said, patting her hand where it lay on the table. His palm was hot over hers, and she watched the black trace patterns along his flesh as the illusion dropped away. She ran her fingertip over the edge of his index nail, feeling the sharpness and strength of it. Nails like these had playfully carved her belly open, and she didn’t doubt they could slice easily through metal. They were the evolutionary trait of a predator built to hunt and kill equally strong prey. ‘You really have no fear of me, do you?’ He asked, golden eyes searching deep into her own. Rey smiled in response with a small shake of her head. ‘I have no reason to be,’ she said honestly. ‘You know, tomorrow I don’t really feel like doing anything. I’m happy to just sit at home and read.’ ‘Then we shall do that.’ He decided. ‘You shall read to me.’ ‘To you?’ Rey laughed. ‘Yes, like you used to, before.’ He said, determination in his expression. She wanted to laugh again, but held it in check, feeling it bubble inside her. He really was like a puppy sometimes, so eager and determined to do right by her, but also to have his own way. And she did used to read to him, back when he was a disembodied voice in her home. ‘Alright,’ she agreed. ‘Tomorrow I’ll read to you.’ *** ‘Welcome back,’ Chewie said as Rey walked through the garage door. She inhaled deeply before smiling. ‘I missed this dump,’ she announced. She knew a couple of the guys heard her, but she didn’t care, and neither did Chewie, who thumped her on the back. ‘Come and meet the new guy,’ he said, rolling his eyes for her benefit. He then turned and sauntered across the floor, weaving around a car to stand at the head of the man she’d been forced onto leave for. ‘New guy, this is Rey, Rey, this is the new guy, Mitaka.’ ‘Nice to uh … nice to meet you.’ Mitaka said, laying on his back and staring up at her with wide eyes. ‘Nice to meet you too,’ she said, hands on her hips as she stared down at him. He was a weedy looking fellow, with dark hair and an expression that gave her the impression he was used to being yelled at. By lunchtime Rey cornered Chewie in his office for more information. ‘I don’t get it,’ she said, one eye out the door to make sure no one was standing around and listening. ‘I hear you,’ Chewie said agreeably. ‘No, you don’t understand! He doesn’t hate women or whatever. He’s terrified of me! He can’t look me in the eye, he does everything I ask, and he’s even managed to stammer out a couple of things to me.’ ‘Yeah he’s, uh … not what I expected,’ Chewie nodded, thick arms folded over his gut. Rey sighed, not really sure what to make of any of it. She’d come in expecting a fight for dominance, instead she’d found a guy ready to roll over the moment she so much as glanced at him. He was a decent mechanic, but he’d still have her check over his work, just to make sure it was up to her standard. ‘Did the guys get to him first?’ She asked, utterly at a loss. Chewie shook his head, equally as confused. ‘Honest, Rey. He was touted as a big issue, but the kids harmless. Sorry I forced you onto leave for nothing.’ ‘Don’t worry about it,’ she said. ‘It’s done now. I guess just don’t trust whatever agency found him for you next time, huh? They hire good people but they’re really crap at character judgements.’ ‘I’ll say.’ Chewie stood up and ushered her out of his small room. ‘At least he isn’t an arsehole. He can do the work and he won’t give you any hassles. That’s a win in my book.’ He pulled a can of coke out of the small bar fridge under the front counter, passing her one as well. ‘Mine too.’ She said. ‘Here’s to no more holidays.’ Notes: Also, in other news: I finished my original long fic! If you want to check it out here's the link: Dim the Lights FYI it's Reylo/Reyux/hints at Kylux for the people who can't take two subtle lines of reference to it in 114K words. Notes: Come visit me on my Tumblr ! I may not post a lot, as I don't have the time anymore, but I'm always happy to chat!