1940 Occupied France 2400 hours 30,000 feet above sea-level The earth fell away as the night fighter climbed higher and higher into the air. “We don’t have a lot of fuel,” Poe said, hands at the control. Finn clenched his fists together and sucked in a breath through his oxygen mask. He was a flier by necessity, not by choice or nature or desire. “We can maybe make it to Rouen, but then that’s it. We go any further, we crash!” “Just as long as we don’t go backwards!” Finn called over the roar of the engine. The plane jolted and Poe cursed. “ Are you sure you can fly this thing?” “I can fly anything .” Finn groaned and grit his teeth together. Escaping was already enough to set him on edge; he didn’t need some American maverick on the wrong side of the Atlantic getting them both killed with his boundless confidence. Still, at least they were going. They were out . No more dreading whatever the whispering, murmuring soldiers outside the cells planned on doing next. It had been a stroke of luck that had given them the opportunity to seize the night fighter. Now, soaring through the black of early morning, it seemed incredible that they’d actually made it. The plane jolted. Poe took a quick glance at him, brow furrowed beneath his flight helmet. “You hear something?” he asked. Finn opened his mouth to reply but the plane jolted again. This time Finn did hear it: a faint whistling sound from beyond the cabin. It sounded almost like -- “We’re gonna get hit!” Poe cried, seconds before something slammed into the plane. Finn grabbed for the wall. Poe cursed again. “We’ve got a biplane on our tail and we’re losing altitude.” “Great --” Finn lost his breath as the plane swooped downwards and he felt the curious sensation of floating and falling all at once. “I can’t lose him! Finn, do you see parachutes anywhere?” “Parachutes --” Finn stared around the cabin frantically. But the biplane behind them fired again and his vision shuddered, just like the world around him. When he snapped back to lucidity, he could smell oil and smoke and Poe was screaming. The night fighter's nose pitched downwards as they plummeted towards the ground and Finn’s last thought amid the agony of the flames and the oil searing his flesh was that the Nazis had fixed them both good and proper this time. London 100 hours Rey’s belly rumbled for the third time in the last hour and she rolled over on her cot, groaning. A well-placed fist to her stomach made the noise stop. Burrowing further into what was laughingly termed her mattress, she screwed her eyes shut and tried to pretend that she was sinking into it. That usually could send her off again. Usually. Her stomach growled again. Rey put the pillow over her head, as if that could numb the gnawing sensation. It occurred to her that she was probably the only person on her street -- perhaps in the entire city -- who thought the portions afforded by the rationing system were a treat. There wasn’t much chance of her getting back to sleep. In the end she surrendered and got up, pulling on her clothes. It was still dark outside, but perhaps she could still get a start on her work for the day. She could work in the dark, so there was no fear of violating the blackout. At any rate Mister Plutt wouldn’t like it if she fell behind. She could still hear his words when he first let her on the job: I’m taking a chance on you, missy, you keep your head down and your eyes off the boys. I won’t slack for girls. Well. She had no intention of slacking, not that she’d ever done it before. She needed all the food she could get, after all. Rey tugged her trousers on -- no place for skirts in a car shop like this -- and pulled her hair up and out of her face with a headscarf before sneaking out the door of her tiny bedroom. Down down down the flight of steps that led to the garage and there they were: row after row of tanks in varying degrees of completion, lined up like big dogs in the gloom. Sighing, she reached for one of the toolboxes on the nearby bench and set to work. Her stomach growled again. She silently told it to get stuffed. Occupied France 115 hours “Come on come on come on…” Finn slapped urgently at Poe’s sweat-slicked face. They were lying in a ditch far, luckily, from most civilization, but he didn’t trust their good fortune to last. The blazing remains of the night fighter had been abandoned in a field somewhere. And then it had been up to Finn, as the least injured, to pull Poe from the wreckage and across the wilderness. The moon hung like a bowl of milk in the night sky, over-bright. They were far too exposed. His left leg, where most of the oil had splashed, felt numb. That couldn’t be good. But Poe was undeniably in a worse state -- his clothes were charred in places and a great, ugly burn stretched over his chest. His hands and forearms were covered as well, to say nothing of his legs. He’s not going to make it , Finn thought, still slapping at his face. The pilot groaned, his eyes barely open. “Come on… ” “Listen…” Poe grabbed weakly at his collar with one burned hand. “Listen, I’m just slowin’ you down…” “No!” Finn knew what he was going to say and even if he found Poe’s boundless self-confidence exhausting, there was no question of leaving him behind. They escaped prison together, so they were escaping France together. No other way about it. “No, absolutely not. Don’t you even think about it.” “I’m gonna get us both killed…” “They think we’re dead!” Finn insisted. “They left us for dead, we’re going to be fine!” “Yeah,” Poe managed, “until somebody finds us and they send us back -- listen. Listen to me. You’re smart. You’re gonna do just fine without me. You get over into England. You’ll be okay there.” “And leave you to die? Not happening.” “We’re both fucked if they find us --” Poe hissed as Finn accidentally brushed his elbow on his chest. “Just leave me here. It’s the kindest thing you can do for either of us. Face it, ‘m gonna die before I ever see England.” “Like hell you are! Come on.” Finn forced his arms under Poe, ignoring his groans, and lifted him up -- or tried to. His left leg buckled beneath him and both men collapsed. Poe didn’t make a sound, but his wide eyes, open mouth, and sudden pallor said far more than any amount of screaming could. “Okay,” Finn said, sounding barely more confident than he felt. “Okay, so maybe that’s not an option. We’ll -- we’ll figure it out --” “It’s no use…” Poe’s eyelids were fluttering; in another moment he’d be unconscious. “Shit.” At a loss of what else to do, he began slapping at his face again. “Poe, wake up. Don’t fall asleep. Don’t -- fuck.” Poe slumped backwards in Finn’s arms, mouth gaping. His body was a deadweight. “Fu-uck.” A rough shake of his shoulders proved fruitless. “Come on. We started this together, we’re going to damn well finish it together. Come on, please. ” But nothing doing. The pilot was so motionless that Finn pressed a thumb against his neck in a desperate attempt to find a pulse. It was there, fluttering and feeble, but it existed. There was that. Finn breathed a sigh of relief. Sweat trickled down the back of his neck. He was immovable -- and with his leg, Finn could barely move himself -- but there was no question of leaving him behind. Absolutely none. He was exhausted. The food they’d served at the prison was meager at best, intended to sustain but not energize. He and Poe had performed their entire escape on little more than adrenaline and now that, too, was wearing off. So when a dark, almost shapeless figure appeared above them in the near-darkness, peering into the ditch, there wasn’t much more Finn could do but slump over and hope for mercy. London 400 hours Dawn was breaking weakly across the sky when Rey finally lay down her wrench and slid out from beneath her tank. She wiped at her forehead, smearing oil and sweat across her skin. The blackout would be over soon, if it wasn’t already, and then the day would start. Her belly growled, hunger pains stabbing at her once again. Ruefully rubbing her belly, she stood up and cleaned up her work area. Breakfast is soon , she told herself. Perhaps Mister Plutt would be in a good mood today -- if he was, then she might get half rations. The thought put an extra spring in her step as she mounted the stairs back to her room. She would eat, she would work, and maybe she could steal a glance at the newspapers if Mister Plutt was feeling amenable. Day after day, until Mister Plutt decided she could start earning wages and then she could save up for a place of her own after the fighting was over. She thought she might like to have a place in the country, near water. Someplace with green, where she could grow flowers. It couldn’t be too long, now. After all, the war would be over by Christmas, wouldn’t it? Chapter 2 Notes: Soooo sorry for the wait, I swear I'm still alive! I haven't vetted this one that much, so there's that. London 600 hours The beef smelled sinfully good, bloody in its paper packaging, and as she stood there with her stomach growling, Rey thought that she might just abandon caution altogether and wolf down the thin slices all at once, cooked or not. Mister Plutt lowered his newspaper and gazed at her through his bloodhound eyes. He was a fleshy man, prone to breathing heavily on the staircases. His voice was also the deepest Ray had ever known. “You got everything on the list?” “Yes, sir.” Rey lifted her chin and pretended that she was one of the soldiers in the posters that she saw nearly everywhere: chin raised, shoulders squared, calm and confident in the face of Nazi aggression. Or Plutt’s aggression, in this case. He cast a weather eye over the parcels spread over the kitchen table. “Well. Put those away and then eat. Quickly now. We’ve a lot of work to do.” Fighting the urge to salute, Rey scooped up the parcels and scrambled for the pantry. Mister Plutt also housed several sixteen-year-old boys; she’d have to hurry if she wanted a decent portion. But for all her haste, the leftovers of breakfast were barely a quarter of her daily ration. Painfully aware of her growling stomach, she bolted down her breakfast in under a minute, then wrapped up her slice of apple in her cotton napkin to save as treat for later. After taking a detour to tuck it into her pillowcase in her bedroom, she headed down to the garage. Hark to the glory of a new day. Occupied France 615 hours “I don’t see any point in lying to you,” Lor San Tekka said. “He’s in a bad way.” Finn gnawed on his lower lip, and his gaze flicked over once again to the sofa bed in Tekka’s tiny parlor, where Poe was stretched out, his body a mess of bandages with the occasional glimpse of raw, angry-looking skin. “Do you think he’ll live?” Tekka shrugged ominously. “That’s anybody’s guess. I’ve seen some pilots with burns worse than this bounce straight back. Others don’t get up.” “And you’re with the Resistance?” Finn couldn’t help the skepticism in his voice. Tekka was small and frail, with a scanty beard, like he hadn’t shaved in several days. His clothes were worn. He did not look like he was at all up to fighting the influence of Vichy. “I help where I can,” he said. “You wouldn’t believe just how many wounded soldiers pass through here, just like you did. I patch up the ones I can and send them on their way.” “We broke out of --” Tekka held up a hand. “Best if you don’t tell me anything,” he said. “Safer both of us, don’t you think?” London 950 hours “I can’t get enough of that beaut, I swear,” said one of the boys. Rey grinned to herself. she didn’t need to crawl out from under her tank to know what they were admiring. She could hardly blame them. The car was American-make, black, and dated back to before the Great War. Most notable was the falcon-head design on the boot. It was said to be the only one of its design in the entire world -- which was likely why the previous owner had clearly tried to paint over it in black to cover it up. Rey had indented her nail in it one day and discovered that underneath, the falcon-head was silver metal, and the car itself a shocking cream color. She knew every inch of it. It was her favorite item in the Plutt collection, even though the chances of it being stolen goods was ten to one. “What if I was to just drive off in it?” “Are you joking? Plutt’d have your head? And I doubt there’s even enough oil in it to get you past the end of the block.” “We’ve got oil,” the first boy replied sullenly. “Shh -- here he comes --” Sure enough, labored breathing heralded Plutt’s arrival. She slid out from under the tank and pulled her scarf tighter around her hair as the other two boys quickly snapped back to work. As if on cue, her belly rumbled. “Girl.” It was how he always addressed her. “Why aren’t you working?” “I --” She closed her mouth. It should have been perfectly obvious to Plutt that she was the only one in the room to have broken a sweat. The dark smudge of grease on one cheek shouldn’t have been much more difficult to work out. Then she realized that it was obvious and that Plutt undoubtedly did not care. She was a girl, and that meant she was easy enough pickings. And it meant that she would do double to be called an equal. “My apologies, sir.” Her belly growled again. One of the other boys sniggered. “Back to work.” She crawled back under the tank, stomach clenching, and fantasized about stealing the Falcon and running them all down. Occupied France 1800 hours Night. Finn’s legs didn’t feel quite as numb, thank God. He sat in the armchair in Tekka’s parlor, watching Poe at a loss of what else to do. Tekka had given him a book to read -- Wilfred Owen, dear lord no, not now -- and had offered him his bed -- Finn had politely declined. “I’ve got contacts,” Tekka said. “I can get you safe passage over the Channel and into England.” “But what about Poe?” “He’s going to need a lot of time to recuperate before he goes anywhere, son.” Now he took in what little he could see of him. The yellow lamplight shone on the scab that was already forming over his temple. His eyes moved behind his lids, like he was dreaming. Back in prison, he’d been the one who just wouldn’t stay down: constantly standing up to the guards, constantly giving away his rations to other people. His heroism was frankly exhausting, especially to someone like Finn, who much preferred not to be noticed -- if he could possibly manage it. And please , he was under no illusions. Still, it would be a damn shame, leaving him behind. They’d planned together for weeks. Poe had probably been damn near the closest thing to a friend that he’d had behind the prison gates. There was something important that he’d done or that he planned to do. The soldiers would question him for hours and when he came back, he was bloody and limp. The others kept their distance, in case the Nazi’s interest was catching. Artillery fire, blood on his hand -- “Time to get up, son.” Finn jerked awake as Tekka laid a hand on his shoulder. He’d not realized that he’d fallen asleep. “What’s going on?” “Some of my people are here. They have a passport for you. They can get you to Dover,” he said. “From there, you have to make your way to London.” “London?” Finn’s heart skipped a beat. He hadn’t been aware that there would be strings attached to this offer. “What’s going on?” “There’s someone we need you to find,” Tekka said. “We believe that he has information on where to find Luke Skywalker.” Finn stared. “Luke Skywalker? The Luke Skywalker?” He gave Tekka a look of desperation. “I just need to get out of here. That’s all I want. That’s all I need. I can’t start doing missions or whatever --” “I assure you,” Tekka said. “I wouldn’t ask this of you if it wasn’t absolutely vital.” Finn rolled his eyes to heaven. “Who is it? Who do I have to find?” Tekka told him. “ Holy fucking shit --” Poe groaned and Finn lowered his voice. “This,” he said, “is way too much for me. Absolutely not.” “The Resistance is depending on you. The war is depending on you.” He thought of the soldiers stuck in the prison he’d just broken out of. Bleary-eyed, blood in their hair. Death in their faces. He sagged. “Fine,” he said. “Goddammit. Fine.” Tekka breathed a blatant sigh of relief. London 1805 hours Someone had stolen her damned apple slice. Rey blinked hard against the tears of hurt that were forming there already, but it was hard to stay calm. All she’d really wanted was something to look forward to after her long day working. And now… well. She couldn’t blame them, really, whoever it was. There was a war on. Everyone was hungry. Still. They already ate more than their share of the ration! She glanced at the door of her tiny bedroom. She could have sworn she’d locked it. Suddenly the walls around her didn’t seem like the sanctuary they usually did. She grabbed a pillow and a blanket and headed back down to the garage. The doors to the Falcon weren’t locked; she climbed into the backseat and lay back. This. This felt safe. No sirens tonight. The Nazis seemed to be giving them a night’s reprieve. She closed her eyes and dreamed of water. Occupied France 2300 hours Finn bent down over Poe’s bed. The scent of medicine clung to him. “We’ll see each other again,” he whispered. “I believe that.” He hesitated. “Thanks.” He could have sworn that Poe gave him a faint smile in his sleep. Notes: Tumblr @williamshakennotstirred if you want to say hi! You're not bothering me, I swear!