Hux ordered everyone he saw to evacuate the crumbling planet in haste as he sprinted to a ship with a trustworthy autopilot system, adrenaline was consuming him when he located where Ren was. Once the ship landed after knocking over bundles of trees Hux immediately ran outside kicking up some snow as he went, he could see the dark figure of Ren lying in the snow ahead of him and a sudden fear that he was dead punched Hux in the chest. “ Ren! ” he called as he ran to him dropping to his knees, he was startled seeing him look so stunned when his eyes met his, his skin was severely pale and a fresh slash across his face was bleeding, “Jesus, you’re a mess,” he pulled Ren up onto his seemingly useless feet leading him toward the ship, he never saw Ren’s face before barging in on him and Snoke, and seeing it again in the state it was now was causing his stomach to knot up unpleasantly. He could just vomit at this whole fucking mess. Hux huffed as he practically carried Ren onto the ship, he didn’t expect him to be this heavy, he dragged them onboard then went to a bed laying Ren down before abandoning him to shut the door and get the ship on a path off the dying planet, there were already shuttles and ships leaving which was a relief to Hux. “Ren,” Hux got out a hefty medical box plunking it onto the bed beside Ren, “what in the hell happened?” he didn’t mean to sound so angry, he unlocked the box pleased to see what he needed was all there. “ That girl ,” Ren groaned finally talking, his voice still chilling even without the helmet distorting it, “Snoke called for me—I… I felt it. Shit , I have to—” his train of thought was clearly overwhelming him as his eyes darted all over the ceiling of the ship. Hux pulled open Ren’s coat and all the clothing that kept the bleeding wounds concealed, “yes, he called for you however I can’t bring you to him in this condition,” Ren moaned in pain as he tore away the clothing finally seeing the burns and cuts on his body, there was so much blood. Hux pulled off his own coat to roll up his shirt sleeves, as much as he hated that there wasn’t a cleaner way to do this or that there wasn’t a doctor at disposal, he needed to patch Ren up straightaway, “no point in lying,” Hux declared as he got out a bottle of sanitary water, “it will hurt,” he popped the bottle open and poured it over Ren bloody wounds and took a cloth to wipe away the water and blood to see what he was working with, Ren was visibly tensing and holding back his voice of pain just at the spilling of water on his wounds. The blood kept gushing, just as Hux got out a box containing supplies to stitch a wound up he spotted bandages that had medicine and wound binding adhesive on it, while Hux got it out and started undoing it the ship rattled and the filled with sudden light. Neither of them didn’t need to look to know it was the explosion of the Starkiller Base, Ren shut his eyes obviously trying to deny any of this was happening. Hux was thankful for this situation in a way because it kept his mind off the destruction of the weapon, even if it did mean he had to babysit Ren for the meantime until they meet Snoke in person. Hux felt sick again, he will be face to face with Snoke. It took a full hour for Hux to strip Ren to his underwear and bind all his wounds and rub salve over his burns, he was angry that Ren was so reckless while fighting the scavenger he’s mumbling about, angry that the weapon miscarried, just really angry in general. Ren fell asleep after the exhaustion and blood loss he endured, Hux just sat beside the bed putting left over supplies back into the box knowing he’ll need them for later when he has to change over Ren’s bandages, he felt disgraceful. He was, is , a brilliant General he knows but to think he’d be sitting on the cold floor of a ship with a wrecked Ren sleeping beside him with a look of pain on his face. Hux got out some spare blankets laying them over Ren, he looked even more pitiful laying there in his boxer shorts covered in injuries, and it has been a really startling day. Hux went to the washroom onboard seeing himself in the mirror, his hair was ruffled and some dry blood was smeared on some parts of his face that he doesn’t even remember touching, some blood also covered his arms and hands, some even on his clothes. It was eerie having Ren’s blood all over him, just days ago they were arguing and dancing around each other over Snoke’s approval, now they need to depend on each other for the time being. Well, what can Hux even depend on Ren for right now? He ran some water and scrubbed away the blood as best as he could, when he was dry he went to the control room overseeing the possible paths to take. He felt absolutely beaten too, he set the ship on a safe aimless path before leaving getting onto the bed opposite to Ren’s, he kicked off his boots and ridiculous pants, the minute he laid down and shut his eyes he slipped into a dreamless sleep wearing a frown on his face. -- During the night Hux blinked himself awake when he felt movement and heard rustling, the bed dipped then a few blankets hit his face, “what?” he groaned with a croak in his voice, he opened his eyes more when Ren pressed against him from behind, “what are you doing?” he demanded when Ren adjusted the blankets over them. “It’s cold,” his voice sounded small and hoarse and that rendered Hux speechless for a few moments. “How are your wounds?” Hux shut his eyes, he may be ruthless but he wouldn’t lower himself by shoving an injured man-child to the floor, “how are you feeling?” he can’t be responsible for Ren’s death, Snoke would do far worse things to him than just kill him if Ren were to be mishandled in any way. “They fucking hurt… I took some pills for the pain though, I found some in the box,” his breath was hot against the nape of Hux’s neck, “but they’re healing, I’m feeling just fine for someone who lost.” Hux snorted a little without meaning to, “we all lost.” Ren moved an arm over Hux trying to get warmer seeing as Hux left him in his underwear. Hux would pull away if this happened under normal circumstances yet he just breathed deeply and made his body relax against Ren, he hasn’t been held like this before, sure he’s had a few nights with some men he worked with but something about this was so forbidden and comforting. Despite everything being cold it was warm under the blankets and against Ren who could conceal Hux’s slender body with his own with no problem. Really? Hux jolted and sat up instantly forcing Ren’s arm off, “what the fuck ?” he seethed, his face already reddening. Ren also looked startled. “Were you just in my head?” Hux turned to look at him with furrowed eyebrows, he felt like he was just threatened. Ren tucked his arm against himself, “yes,” he reluctantly answered, “I’m sorry.” Hux so badly wanted to yell at Ren and tell him to shuffle his ass back into his own bed however looking at Ren now he noticed he seemed smaller than usual, not in size no, it was something else. He seemed like someone else; without that mask. “Don’t do that again,” Hux pleaded as he lowered himself back down on his side facing away from Ren while awkwardly pulling the blankets up to his ear that was still burning. Ren slowly moved his arm over Hux subtly hugging him closer into the curve of his body, “who did you sleep with at the base?” Ren asked, a little curious and a little hostile. “Do you really need to know that? Right now?” Hux frowned. “Who?” Ren enforced once more. “Maybe a couple Stormtroopers and some tech guys—what does it even matter to you?” Hux grunted, he was becoming increasingly frustrated with this useless small talk. “When did you even find time to do that?” “Why are you asking these incredibly personal questions? My answers will not be useful information, Ren, just focus on your physical condition.” “Fine.” Hux sighed then awkwardly rolled over onto his other side to face Ren, the slash on Ren’s face stopped bleeding and was still taking in the salve Hux put on it, “don’t move in any way that could open your wounds more,” he reached a hand up pressing the back of it against Ren’s forehead carefully, “you’re hot.” “Thanks.” “Warm,” Hux groans then lowers his hand to press his forehead to Ren’s, he suddenly thought of how his mother would do this if he got a fever, “you’re really pale, thankfully you’ll get to an infirmary soon,” Hux can’t take how Ren’s big eyes crossed when he looks at him, when he moved back Ren moved forward, “what are you doing?” Hux leaned his head back more. I wanted to kiss you. Hux tensed with a sharp inhale and Ren immediately grips his arm to give a type of calming effect. I’m sorry, I’m testing my strength with the force. “By invading my mind and also talking inside it?” Hux really wanted to shove him off the bed now; Ren in response to that idea gripped him even tighter. “You can talk to me inside your head too.” Like this? Yes, like that. Well, what now. Let’s talk like this until one of us sleeps. Hux inwardly praised the idea of that, he wanted sleep so badly especially after the disaster of a day they had, he shut his eyes as he shifted under Ren’s heavy arm being cautious with Ren’s wounds. How come you’re so small? I never noticed this. Ren caressed the small of his back sending tingles up Hux’s spine. We’re nearly the same height. It’s not that, you’re slim with no muscle mass unlike me who has built muscle. Hux felt irritated by that statement, it was true but Ren saying it like that made Hux annoyed. What are you getting at here? Hux bit back inside his head. I’m sorry. You’re not, not really. You’re right, I’m not. Just when Hux was dozing off Ren moved his hand lower firmly cupping Hux’s ass. Hux’s eyes snapped open while his face began to glow, “Ren,” he reached back pulling the large hand up, “what are you trying to do.” “Can’t you have sex with me?” Ren’s voice was low and lazy revealing that he was on the verge of sleep too. “No, I can’t,” Hux could hardly believe this conversation was happening right now, Ren should be worried about other things. “Why not me? You can sleep with troopers and techs but not me? Surely I’m more available.” “You know why not, I would rather not have Snoke berate us when he finds out about us fooling around like some adolescent boys,” Hux exhaled, “it’s too much—” abruptly Ren pressed into him kissing his parted lips intensely, Hux squeaked when Ren’s tongue slid over his, Hux drew back from the surprise kiss, “ Ren! ” he placed a hand over Ren’s chin keeping the man from kissing him again. Ren grabbed Hux’s hand yanking it between their bodies pressing Hux’s palm against his erection that’s pushing against his boxer shorts, “do something about this, please.” Hux stared at Ren hoping this was some kind of joke but decided to just get this over with, “don’t you move in any way that will irritate your wounds,” he warned before slipping his hand inside the warmth of Ren’s boxer shorts, his erection hot against his palm, Hux quickly noted that he still has his foreskin. Ren made a small groan when Hux firmly gripped Ren’s length starting to move his hand, occasionally he’d pull the foreskin back and rub his fingers around Ren’s bared tip. Hux couldn’t deny his own arousal that was stimulated by sounds Ren made and from Ren rubbing his face against his, “god, you’re so needy,” Hux furrowed his brows against Ren’s right temple, without asking for it both of them kissed slowly getting to know the shape of each other’s lips and mouth cautious of Ren’s cuts, Hux smeared some pre-come over the head of Ren’s erection, suddenly the ship didn’t feel all that cold anymore. “Turn onto your back,” Hux commanded against Ren’s plush lips, his own lips were sore and puffy. Ren did as told and slowly shifted onto his back while Hux sat up shoving the blankets around so they weren’t all bunched up and tangled around them, “keep still,” Hux settled over one of Ren’s thick thighs, he yanked Ren’s shorts down more finally seeing his cock, it was long and had hefty girth, some dark freckles were located on Ren’s pelvic area and Hux admired them momentarily. “ Armitage ,” Ren pleaded quietly. Hux stiffened at the use of his first name, he had neither the time nor the want to bicker at the moment, he slid the swollen cock inside his mouth immediately tasting the saltiness of his pre on his tongue, Hux knew his way around a blowjob so he shut his eyes while bobbing his head, occasionally he’d swirl his tongue around the fat tip before lowering his head to take it all inside his mouth until the head was hitting his throat. Hux had to admit he loved the feeling of a full mouth and throat, he knew Ren felt every twitch in Hux’s throat since the knight trembled and bit his own hand, his other hand was on Hux’s head running thick fingers through soft red strands gently tugging on them when Hux would further fit Ren’s cock entirely in his throat. Hux’s eyelashes fluttered when he pulled off to inhale deeply, he relished the burn of his throat, saliva strands hung from his mouth connected to Ren’s twitching cock, Hux gave Ren’s length a couple pumps before taking it back into his mouth to bob his head a little faster now trying to successfully make Ren come. Ren started to moan unabashedly when Hux added some suction, Ren’s hips made short thrusts upward, after hitting the back of Hux’s throat for the ninth time he groaned low in his throat while his thick come shot inside Hux’s mouth. Hux was swift to swallow what he could, he had the tip inside his mouth while his hand firmly pumped the base of Ren’s dick easing out the rest of his come, Hux didn’t expect Ren to be so pent up, some come he didn’t swallow slid down his chin when he leaned up with a flushed face and ruffled hair, “excuse me,” Hux fumbled off the bed and strode quickly to the control room ignoring Ren’s croaked pleas for him to come back. Hux propped himself over the panels as he hastily pulled his dick out stroking himself, he imagined a healthy Ren fucking him from behind groaning sweet nothings into his neck while brutally thrusting into his ass with his ridiculously beautiful cock, his orgasm was building up quickly as expected then his stomach tightened hotly and with a cut off wail his come splattered on the floor. Hux’s thighs shook as he tucked his dick back into his black boxer shorts similar to Ren’s since they’re standard, Hux adjusted the route of the ship with the correct destination, he needed that idiot properly aided, when he walked back into the room Ren had himself already tucked away, his small grin was already telling enough. “Sweet nothings, huh?” Ren gloated. “Shut up,” Hux crawled over him fixing the blankets over them so they can both enjoy their orgasm afterglow and finally sleep. “We should do this again…” “Only if you tell me your real name,” Hux’s eyes remained shut, “it’s not fair that you know mine while I don’t know yours.” Ren was silent for a while then spoke hesitantly, “I… used to be Ben.” Hux slowly peered up past his eyelashes, Ren looked solemn, “we will do this again when you’re recovered…” Hux grabbed Ren’s hand holding it while they both finally fell asleep. Notes: this is a sloppy fic but i just needed this out of meee