Prologue Ben looked down at the pathetic form crumpled at his feet, shaking his hand to try and dispel the pain as he nudged the unconscious man with his foot, checking he really was out for the count. A quick glance back towards the entrance of the alleyway revealed that no one was around, despite the sounds of revelry Ben could hear nearby. He would have to be quick. Ben would never say he didn’t relish a fight, but at that moment he was tired, frustrated by the man’s attack, and feeling down on his luck. The last shilling he’d managed to come by hadn’t lasted half as long as he’d have liked, and it looked very much like he wouldn’t get much from the unconscious man’s pockets - certainly not enough to afford a room for the night as well as a drink, or even a meal. Alcohol had caused the man to age poorly and to fight terribly, and the stench of liquor, stale sweat and urine was unpleasantly strong as Ben knelt down and rolled him over so he could start going through the ratty pockets, hoping for something at least. All the first few seconds of searching turned up a chewed-up pipe, an empty tobacco pouch, some matches, and a ruined receipt - all of which Ben discarded, save the matches, before moving on to the trouser pockets. He patted at them first, wrinkling his nose as he was forced to shove his hand into one to retrieve the coins that jangled at his touch. Done with the trousers, Ben turned his attention back to the jacket, and flicked open the front to search for any inside pockets. With one fist tightly curled around the money he’d found - a measly few pence - he searched with the other, hand slipping into the innermost pocket he found. His fingers immediately brushed against paper, and then came into contact with a key. The moment he drew the two items out, he knew his life would be changed forever. The key was of little importance: a piece of metal that unlocked a door somewhere, perhaps of an inn room. Ben barely glanced at it before turning his attention to the piece of paper, which felt oddly weighted in his hand, as if portentous. It was far crisper than anything that had been on the drunk’s person had any right to be, and the oddest sensation of excitement settled over him as he turned it over, as if something both wonderful and dreadful was about to happen to him. Something wonderful, he suddenly knew when he unfolded it and he stared down at the image and words before him, ‘White Star Line’ boldly emblazoned across the top. He barely had time to register what he was doing before he was scrambling to his feet and moving hastily away from the unconscious man, excitement and elation carrying him as the words printed on the paper echoed in his mind. He didn’t care what the man has said or done mere minutes ago to insult him. Ben would endure it a thousand times over for what he now held in his hand: a ticket. A ticket to travel on the Titanic , all the way to New York itself. At long last he was going home. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Titanic AU series