Corruscant If she jumped a little higher, Rane might have just reached the compressor valve she was aiming for. Still, she decided to leave it be. The one-time Resistance pilot had stolen more than enough parts to stop the First Order ship from flying any time soon. With a sigh, she moved on to the next one -- it was going to be a long night. Now, you might wonder what such a high praised pilot was doing, stealing in the middle of the night, but don’t fool yourself. Becoming a thief, had never been part of Rane’s plans, especially considering everything she had once been, all that she had stood for in the Resistance. But that had been years into the past. The present day, very few people did not frown upon the sight of Rane Dameron. Of course, they also did not know who she was – or rather, what she was to be. Not yet. A sound brought the girl back to reality. From the opposite side of the ship, the steps of returning Stormtroopers echoed in the rocky ground. The First Order’s soldiers knew, of course, that someone had been stealing from them, and their state was of high alert. As quietly as she could, Rane jumped out of the TIE fighter, her feet pressing soundlessly against the ground as her eyes quickly scanned for the best place to hide. Around her, and aside from the enemy ships, there was nothing but a small rock incision. Fortunately, the Rane wasn’t very tall herself – the small space would have to do. She hadn’t taken a step, however, before she tripped over her forgotten bag of stolen parts. Her head was face first on the floor and she was unable to keep in a small cry. “Hey, you!” Looking back, Rane realised she had lesser time than she’d previously thought – one of the First Order generals had heard her, and was instructing his troopers to ready their weapons. Cursing, the girl stood up and reached for the blast gun at her waist, even if she did not aim it, not yet. She would let the troopers come closer before the shooting began. And then, as the first Stormtrooper stepped into the dark brown shadow cast by his own ship, Rane aimed and pulled the trigger, time and time again. She wasted no ammunition, striking every shot at first try and stopping only when all First Order members lay dead on the floor.