A notification pops up on Hux's holopad, reminding him that today he's supposed to show Kylo Ren around the bridge and command center. The knight has been with the First Order for several years now, but most of that time has been spent with Snoke and the other knights. Although Hux has met him, he has never worked with him directly. As of now, he just hopes this won't interrupt his day- he has real work to do. Ren shows up right on time. At least he can follow orders Hux thinks. Ren is wearing his customary outfit of durable, structured black clothing. Not for the first time, Hux wonders if his waist really is that thick under his clothes. “Ren." He nods at the knight in greeting. “Welcome to the bridge. I'll show you around the command center, and then refer you to one of my staff if you have any more questions. I have a very full schedule today, I hope you understand." The knight, in his ridiculous, inscrutable mask, nods as well. Hux leads him around and explains the basic parts of the bridge. These are things the knight could probably figure out for himself, and there's no reason Hux himself has to be the one to show him around. But Ren gets a personal tour from the general as a sign of respect for his position. Soon enough Hux has finished the route he'd planned out, and he and Ren are back where they started. Hux takes off his hat to smooth back his hair and hears a sharp intake of breath from Ren's direction. “Hux,” he says, his voice coming out halting even through his mask. “You're a neko.” Hux's pretty green eyes narrow. “What?” “You...your...” Ren puts his hands up behind his own head in imitation of Hux's second pair of ears. “I am aware of my own body, Ren,” he says sternly. Hux prefers to keep his hat and greatcoat on for exactly this reason. So many humans have never seen a fox-person before, and they're awful at hiding their fascination. Hux is proud of what he's already achieved in his career, and he aims to do so much more. He doesn't need people being distracted by his body or calling him “cute” when he means to be intimidating. At least his rank and reputation usually stop people from touching him without asking. No one's done that without losing a hand since he was a kit. There is an ideal order to the universe, and that order involves people keeping their grubby hands off his goddamn tail. Hux can't see Ren's face through his stupid mask, but he suspects that Ren is staring. Pathetic. “I have a meeting to attend. I suggest you educate yourself on fox-people. Good day, Ren.” And with that, he walks briskly away. * * * Back in his quarters, Kylo pulls up Hux's personnel file on his holopad and scans it for answers. He finds Hux's full name, age, height, hair and eye color, gender, pronouns, and species. What? How had he missed this? He definitely wasn't paying enough attention to the general. He'd noticed that Hux was cute, uptight, and an effective leader, but he hadn't managed to notice that he had fox ears. He puts “fox-person” into the search engine and boggles at what he finds. Apparently there was a population of humans that had evolved in isolation for some time, and they had developed fox-like ears and tails . Kylo can hardly believe this information. He scrolls through the “History” section and goes right for “Physical Features and Etiquette.” Fox-people have a secondary set of ears, higher up on their heads. These ears are shaped like foxes' ears and are often reddish in color. Many fox-people are redheads. Ear color does not always match hair color, but this is very common. These secondary ears are very sensitive, both to noise and touch. Many who live amongst humans keep fluff or ear-plugs in to dampen background noise. It is considered rude to touch their ears without express permission. Romantic partners and friends of fox-people need to be careful not to tweak their ears or pull their tails, as this may result in scratches from their claws and/or hurt feelings. The article goes on to explain the workings of their ears, fangs, tails, and reproductive habits. Kylo wonders how hard Hux can scratch and feels a flush of desire spread through his body. He wants to touch those pretty ears so badly. But first he has to get Hux to talk to him. * * * Hux is in on the bridge the next day when he feels something touching his head. It's almost nothing, just enough sensation to be annoying. He pushes a finger under his hat to scratch behind his ear and it goes away. He thinks nothing of it, but a few minutes later he feels something like the soft brush of a finger running down one of his fox ears. He shivers a little and tries not to let it show. His ears try to flatten under his hat and he darts a glance around the room. There's no one even near him. He takes a breath and returns his attention to the matter at hand. A few minutes later it happens again. This time it feels like a finger reaches out and touches the very tip of his ear. It's way too much, and he has to cough to hide his yelp. Whatever this is, it had better stop. A longer time period goes by before he feels the touch again, but when it comes it's even worse than before. He's in the hallway walking towards his quarters when he feels a hand rub the whole back of his ear. He ignores it steadfastly and keeps walking. He's beginning to get an idea of who's doing this. And when he finds him, there's going to be hell to pay. Tweak - invisible fingers twist painfully at the edge of his ear and he bares his teeth in anger. He pulls out his holopad and checks his Ren-tracking app. What the fuck? "Ren!" he yells. Here he comes- skulking out from an intersecting hallway. Although perhaps skulking isn't the right word. There's a confidence to the movements of his broad body that Hux finds particularly intolerable in this moment. "Ren." "General." "You will stop what you've been doing." "I will?" "Yes. You may be new to the military division of the First Order, but believe me when I say I can make things inconvenient for you, should you continue to harass me." "I believe you." Ren's voice comes out so strange and slow. It's almost like he's mocking him. Hux looks him up and down. "Good," he spits out. He turns and walks away. * * * The next day Hux is taking a much-needed break in his office when Ren enters unannounced. Hux keeps a straight face, but he begins mentally flipping through a dozen Ren-contingency plans. Ren clears his throat through the mask. It sounds ridiculous. "I hope you'll accept these snacks I got you. As an apology." He holds out a little container. Hux takes it slowly and opens it. Some of his favorite insects! He hasn't had these in years. He sniffs at them happily. There's some bits of meat in there too! He looks back at Ren, who is watching him intently. And then he sticks his face into the container and snaps up some choice morsels. They taste amazing. Perhaps Ren has educated himself on Hux's species after all. He ponders, chewing. "I accept your apology, Ren." Ren's helmeted head tilts a little to the side and Hux hears him exhale. He doesn't understand how Ren can be simultaneously so annoying and so thoughtful. Maybe Ren's trying to poison him. "Hux," says Ren. He pauses for a moment before saying anything else. Hux waits. "May I touch your ears, please?" "Absolutely not." Ren's still standing there, in the face of Hux's cold indignation. "Ren, I know this may be hard for you to understand. But I am a person, and you can't touch my body just because you want to." For a moment Ren is blessedly silent. "What if I let you touch mine?" "Ren, you vastly overestimate my interest in your person." He's expecting Ren to keep arguing with him or to just storm out in anger but instead he releases the latches on his helmet and pulls it off. Fuck. Ren tosses his hair a bit to un-stick it from his head. Hux sees it like it's in slow motion. His face. It's jarring, it's beautiful, it's like something from myth. Ren pulls back waves of black hair to show off large, round ears and raises one eyebrow. This is absolutely ridiculous. Hux is a general of the First Order, and Ren is a co-worker, of sorts. What Ren has already done was annoying at the very least, harassment at the worst. And what he's asking now crosses a line. It's not even a normal, illicit-workplace-affair line. It's weird, it's childish, it's like Ren's been pulling on his pigtails and wants to let Hux yank his own as payback. Hux thinks. "We shouldn't." "Why not?" His voice without the mask is so much clearer but still so heavy and dark. It's like ink spreading out through the air. Red wine. Honey. Hux thinks again. "Not here." * * * Hux leads the way to his quarters in silence. The lights come on at half-power and Hux doesn't move to change them. He hangs up his greatcoat and his hat. "You may take your gloves off, Ren." Ren's helmet comes off again, and then the gloves. "Do you want to go first?" Ren asks, and pulls back his hair again to show Hux a strangely charming ear. Hux shakes his head. Better to wait and see what Ren will do. Decide how hard to twist his ear when it's his turn. He's looking away, at the floor maybe, when Ren's big hands come up slowly to cup the back of his head. He's so much gentler than Hux had believed he could be. His warm, rough fingers trace over Hux's ears softly and Hux can't help the shiver that runs down his neck. It's fine. A natural reaction to being touched there. His ears twitch slightly under Ren's fingers. Ren seems to be captivated by the texture of his fur. Hux moves his head a little bit back and forth and Ren's fingers move down to rub below his ears. He has to close his eyes and bask in the feeling. Ren stares at the beautiful fox ears up-close, taking in the soft, slightly fluffy orange fur and the way their edges gently curve. When Hux opens his eyes, Ren's face is very close. He's so young, younger than Hux maybe, but there's so much to him. His nose is long, but it looks like it would be soft on Hux's face if he'd just move a little bit closer. And his lips... stunning. He's stunning. They shouldn't be doing this. He shouldn't be doing this. Hux decides he doesn't want to wait his turn. He's still wearing his own gloves when he pushes his hands through Ren's hair to find his ears. Ren's mouth twitches. His ears have no fur to protect them, and they're fragile in their own way. He runs his fingers over Hux's fox ears again and it's so nice. It feels so right. How does he know how to do that? There's a charge in the air between them. It's alarming to be this close to someone, especially to be this close to Ren. The pleasure Hux is feeling is both a comfort and a tease. He hopes Ren knows that in his culture, this much ear-touching is commonly a precursor to something else, because he feels like he's about to- Oh, yep, there he goes, kissing Ren full on the mouth. It's just as good as it looks, and Ren's kissing him back as he cups his hands feather-soft around Hux's ears. Hux fists his hands in Ren's hair, and Ren messes Hux's hair up too, tousling it out of place with his fingers and rubbing Hux's head before returning to touching his ears. Hux's ears twitch and he whines under Ren's hands, so much that he's embarrassed and he tries to pull away. Ren catches him by his wrists and holds him in place. He nuzzles at Hux's face until Hux is forced to look up at him. He's devastating at point-blank range. In the dim light, Ren's hair frames his face like a shroud and his dark eyes glow. Hux feels like he should escape before things get even more out of hand, but Ren lets go of his wrists to grab his ass. Hux studiously avoids eye contact as Ren squeezes him with those big hands and hesitantly brushes his fingers down Hux's tail. His tail isn't nearly as sensitive as his ears, but it still feels nice to be touched there, and he takes it in his own hand and brings it around his leg so Ren can look at it up close. Ren is mesmerized. His fingertips tremble slightly as they brush over of Hux's fur. Hux almost smiles. "Take your gloves off," say Ren, and apparently the sheer depth of his voice is going to be a shock every time. "You might want to try asking ," Hux gripes lightly as he complies. "You seem to follow orders just fine." Hux can hear the smirk in his voice without looking. He throws his gloves down on top of Ren's. Hux casts around for an order he can give Ren, something to bring the rightful order back to the situation. "Take off your boots." Ren does it right away. Hux sits down on his bed with his legs laid out in front of him. "Now take off mine." Ren smiles slightly and it's a bit dirty. He knows how this works. He climbs up on the bed too and straddles Hux, facing away. He grasps Hux's left boot and pulls it off neatly, setting it on the floor. Hux watches his back move under his dark robe. "Stop." Ren straightens up, not quite looking back at him. "Take off your belt." Click. Thunk. "Your robe." Ren shrugs it over his head, revealing long, muscular thighs in leather pants and a black crop top under black suspenders. His waist is gloriously bare, and so thick. Hux drags his hands down it and then leans back, imperious. "Proceed." Ren goes back to his hands and knees and throws a look over his shoulder. His face is mostly hidden by his hair but the eye Hux can see glints with mischief. Ren looks right at him and arches his back. Hux jerks his leg so Ren will look back at his feet instead of his face. When the other boot is off Ren crawls over Hux and sinks his hands into Hux's hair. He rubs underneath Hux's fox ears confidently and brushes his lips down against Hux's. Hux keens deep in his throat and pushes his tongue into Ren's mouth. "Ah, you've got little fangs, don't you," Ren says, licking one of Hux's canines in appreciation. Hux snaps his teeth at him. He's not a creature, he's not a thing . He means to reprimand Ren, but the terrible man has begun rubbing his ears harder. They're so cute Ren thinks, such a sweet shape, so warm and soft under his hands. He alternates between caressing them and massaging the areas beneath them and between them with his fingertips. Ren suspects that if Hux could, he would be purring right now. The expression on his face is completely blissed out, like a cat that's very happy to have its soft little head touched. This gives Ren an idea. He draws his hands away a little and waits. Hux's eyes open, unfocused, and sure enough he bats his head up against Ren's waiting hand. Ren grins and sinks his hands fully back into Hux's hair. He takes a moment to feel Hux's human ears as well, for good measure. Hux snorts and pulls at his dark hair. Then he pushes Ren's suspenders off his shoulders and starts pushing at his crop top as well. Ren pulls back to struggle out it. Hux looks at his chest with big eyes and runs his hands all over it. "No fair," says Ren, tugging at Hux's uniform jacket. Hux snorts and pulls his own jacket off and shucks his trousers and socks off too. Their legs brush together and his bare skin feels weird against Ren's leather pants. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees his own dog tags shining against his undershirt. He worries at the waistband of Ren's pants with his feet. * * * Under his uniform, Hux is soft and slender and Ren grabs at him. His long arms and legs have a sweet give to them, and his elbows, knees, and ankles have a pleasing knobbiness. Hux lets him touch and runs his hands over Ren's shoulders, arms, and waist. He nips at Ren's lips and digs his hands into Ren's back. "Claws too?" Ren grunts. "Oh," says Hux faintly. "I can pull them back in." "Don't." Hux looks into his eyes. "Scratch me," Ren says. "What? No." "Hux." "You've been baiting me this whole time because you want to get hurt, is that it?" "No..." Hux is lying beneath Ren, but he still looks at him like a monarch surveying a tactless servant. His eyes grow narrow, and the effect is cold but flirtatious. "Maybe," he says quietly to Ren, " maybe , if you please me, I'll deign to break your skin." Kylo huffs and moves further on top of him, centering his whole weight over Hux and boxing him in. He presses his face down into Hux's hair and Hux can feel his warm breath. His long nose nuzzles against Hux's ears and when he begins pressing light kisses over them, Hux is back to squirming and sighing. Ren grabs his little waist and squeezes him, rubbing his thumbs over the bottoms of Hux's ribs. Hux pants and pushes his body up against him. Everything is going really well, and then Ren puts his knee down on Hux's tail. Hux yowls, whipping his claws at Ren's chest as Ren shifts away rapidly. "That was an accident!" "Oh, I'm sure ." "It really was, and I'm sorry. Are you ok?" Hux frowns at him and says nothing, rubbing the sore spot on his tail. His eyes fall to admiring the arches of blood he has scratched across Ren's broad chest and abs. Ren looks down at himself too. "Nice," he mutters, pushing at a big droplet of blood with his index finger. Hux rolls his eyes and puts his arms up around Ren's neck to pull him back down. He laps up some of the blood with his pink tongue. Ren moves Hux's hand off his tail and starts gently smoothing the fur down himself. Eventually Hux relaxes enough to let Ren back in, and he covers Hux's face and neck in kisses. He holds Hux's head still to bite softly at his neck with blunt teeth. Hux reaches up to sink his little fangs into Ren's shoulder, and Ren hums in appreciation. "Hux, please." "Please what?" "Just-" He grinds himself against Hux and pushes his shoulder against Hux's pretty pink mouth. Ren can't see him, so Hux allows himself a sneaky little grin before snapping his jaws around the juncture of Ren's neck and thick shoulder. Ren groans, and when Hux lets go he falls back to kissing him deeply and reaching his hands under Hux to grab at him all over. Hux wants to hold Ren's eagerness in disdain, but he's just as hard-up himself, and his pride can't stop him from clinging to Ren's back and digging his claws in a little. He pushes Ren back so he can see him. Ren is gloriously out of it, his face is flushed and his dark eyes have a lost, unfocused quality to them although his attention is definitely focused on Hux. Hux doesn't know it, but the pink blush on his own snobby, pretty face is affecting Ren just as deeply. He pulls his tail through his legs to cover himself coquettishly and smirks. Ren smiles and nuzzles his face into Hux's tail before carefully moving it out of the way so he can get his mouth over Hux's underwear. A little while later, Hux finds himself clinging to Ren's head with both hands as well as both legs, knees drawn up high to squeeze his thighs together because Ren's big, stupid mouth turns out to be incredible. He's sloppy, but maybe not entirely inexperienced. Most importantly, he wants it, wants to work for it. Hux feels his ears twitching against the pillow. Ren is bleeding on his sheets but he doesn't even care. There is no point now in chasing composure, and no hope in finding it either. All his concerns, all the bullshit about their jobs and Ren's awful personality have been effaced to nothing in this moment. All Hux can do is feel. A few short, high-pitched moans escape his throat as he twists against the mattress and comes in Kylo's mouth. He lies back panting and lets his legs fall open. After a few moments, he pushes himself up and casts a look at Kylo. "I believe you've earned some more stripes, if you want them." He holds up his elegant hand, claws at the ready. "Yes, please." Ren straightens up and kneels across from Hux, waiting with his eyes fixed ahead. Hux winds back for room and slashes his claws across Kylo's chest, in the opposite direction of the marks he left before. Ren's chest blooms with cross-hatched red. Ren closes his eyes in what looks like relief, and Hux looks on. For once, he feels...peaceful? He cups his hand around the bulge in Ren's black underwear and starts licking delicately at the bloody lines on his chest. Ren's hands return to Hux's hair in a way that already feels familiar. He graces Ren with a smirk that reaches his icy green eyes. There's a chance this wasn't an enormous mistake after all. Notes: sorry that my version of kylux is basically "look at these kittens, they're SO DUMB" and also "big hands little waist" thanks for reading! i'm clan-techie on tumblr ^_^