Prologue In all respects, he’d gotten all he’d ever wanted. Gone were the days of Republic and Resistance, traitors and treaties, scavenger girls and supreme leaders. He’d since traded the title of General; Emperor was far more suited to his taste anyway. At the slightest command, all would bow to their mighty ruler astride the throne he had been born to mount. Hux sighed, straightening the thin band of gold circling his forehead as his thoughts continued. All those who’d called him no more than a paper-thin bastard- fools who saw no more than a pale boy trembling in his father’s shadow could eat their words. Against all odds, Armitage Hux had managed to become something great. And they could cower at the feet of the man he’d become. Hux writhed his hands together, eagerly rechecking the fleet’s stats as confirmation of solid preparation. All was going according to plan, and he was going to keep it that way. Taking a deep breath, he absentmindedly glanced around the cabin of his own ship. He'd been off-ship for far too long this time, and he found himself missing it. There was a calming effect in the soft glow of the inner workings, cerulean tint strewn in random patches throughout the dim compartment. He was accustomed to the subtle vibration of the ship’s floor, a wave of slight nostalgia flooding over him at the familiar sensation. A muffled cough from the seat across from him shook his attention to his companion, although he promptly bit his lip and looked away. Better to look anywhere than at him, the filthy pervert. The shuttle was small enough as it was and a full 4-foot gap space between the two benches left him beyond content. Kylo Ren was to be dealt with the caution of a rancor. What little respect he may have once harbored had long since corroded away, and all that remained was the contempt. That man deserved it, especially after insisting on that ridiculous bucket of a helmet, despite the emperor’s admonition against it. Screw it all, Hux thought, slinking into the plush seat and glancing out the thick glass for a glimpse of anything. If his calculations were correct-and rarely were they not- their destination was close. "We will be approaching coordinates R-17 shortly. Vasch will never see it coming,” he drawled, careful to keep his tone obviously detached. "Vasch?! I thought this place was an asset- You believe a farm planet able to have sufficiently prepared? No allies, no particularly valuable exports, I doubt they even speak Basic. Where’s the fun in easy conquer?” "Direct ignorance to Imperial order is easily enough to deserve a sentence of treason. I consider my requirements simple. Refuse my offer, I refuse your pleas for mercy. They'll pay attention to me as their precious fields light with a caress of golden flames. I'll grab the mere acknowledgement they once were so heeding to give. They'll bow- even if in terror. Their petty lives mean nothing to me.” “Well, what do you need me for?” “Simple. Obliterate the target and leave a heavy dose of destruction in your wake. Nothing that should come as a challenge to the Emperor’s own Enforcer.” “I never said it would be.” Hux took Ren’s lack of continuing speech as stalemate for at least a moment and cautiously pulled out a cigarette, considering whether or not it would be a waste of time to light it. More often than not, silent Ren was just the eye of the storm- raging hurricane would return in no time. He’d said it many times before, but that dark-eyed fool would be the death of him. Lazily crossing his legs, Hux nestled the holopad into his lap and brought the cigarette to his lips, taking in a long drag. He shook his head, debating between the rows of unread messages and Ren's intensely locked eyes. To get any work done would be a miracle. To disengage in the imaginary battle with Ren he’d somehow signed up would be even better, but was even more unlikely. Without warning, Ren rose to his feet, his lumbering form visible in Hux's peripheral vision. "I am working!" Hux growled, not willing himself to look up, “Your advances will have to wait." Ren offered no signs of paying him mind, creeping a few steps forward before kneeling at the man's feet. Hux narrowed his eyes, typing frantically as Ren forced his chin onto his lap, the weight of his helmet an additional and unwelcome burden. Hux gritted his teeth, willing himself to stay stone-faced. They’d performed this episode before. Offering him the pleasure of attention would basically be surrender. He nudged him roughly with the toe of his boot, a lethal warning although wordless. If Ren was pushing for struggle, he was more than happy to shoot daggers. “Ren, if you care to stop acting like a toddler, get up.” He didn’t receive the gift of a response. "Benjamin-" he shot, turning on the command voice, "Get off the floor." "That’s not what you said last time -Armitage." Hux pinched out the cigarette and jolted to his feet, cursing the difference in height. He could still be intimidating despite it. His Holopad skidded off the bench and clashed against the metal ground, but he paid no mind. He stared at Ren for a moment, lips pursed in annoyance. "Our time left on this ship is limited and we both know once you start, you can't stop," Hux retorted, brushing the dust off his coat. Intentionally or not, Ren had managed to secure his attention. Hux sighed, settling himself back on the bench and reluctantly motioning for Ren to sit next to him. His arm slid possessively around the man's shoulders, without warning lurching his fingers upward to yank off the helmet. He could play the obnoxious game too. "Look at me, you idiot." "Don't tell me what to do." Hux narrowed his eyes, slamming his palm beneath Kylo's chin, forcing their eyes to meet. “What is it you want me to do?” Hux grumbled, keeping his grip firm. “Fuck me.” He could feel the ground beginning to erratically lurch beneath his feet- if landing preparations were commencing there was nowhere near a sufficient amount of time. But he could care less- yanking Ren's ridiculous top layers off and slipping his hand beneath the waistband. In an instant, he’d pulled the remainder of clothes to the floor, letting a small pile pool at his feet. "Do you think that was anywhere close to appropriate behavior? " Hux whispered, his mouth latching onto Ren's neck, wrenching his fingers through the waves of dark hair. "No, sir," he moaned, clawing his fingers against flesh. Hux took no hesitation in sliding off his own lower garments- flinging them behind him in a flash of black fabric. His hands clenched onto each of Ren's shoulders- pushing him onto the floor, sliding to straddle his hips. He moaned at the contact of bare skin, realizing quickly he was already half-hard. "What would they say if they knew what you really were, my filthy little whore-" Hux slurred, sheathing his cock with a hard thrust. He groaned at the tension, jerking his pelvis and clawing his fingers down the plane of the knight's back. “Who do you belong to?” he questioned, his fingers groping for Ren’s length. “You-“ “Say my name!” “Emperor Hux!” The doors to the cabin whooshed open- the unsuspecting pilot stood in horror, likely more in fear for his life than the actual sight. Ren's head popped up, eyes wide with lust as he switched his focus between the two parties and cracked a smirk. Hux shook his head, suppressing a sarcastic laugh- of course this ha happened, Ren had planned it too. If he’d thought Hux was the type to blush like a virgin and admit a personal loss in their game, he was dead wrong. Hux slowly turned his head to face them, pressing his lips together in a look of indifferent annoyance. Screw the fact he was naked and in the middle of humping the man underneath him- he was still in a position of authority. “Yes?” "S-sir, the shuttle has landed." "Thank you, officer," Hux stated, blankly and dead-pan, “I believe you are dismissed." The man nodded quickly, slamming the door shut as if his life depended on it. Hux drew out a long sigh, standing up and placing his hands on his hips. "You bastard," he mumbled, making perfect eye contact with Ren before bending down to get his clothes. Taking a moment to get clothed, Hux remained silent, already plotting his own next move. Perhaps a round two on the return trip could be- "Any advice?" Kylo quipped, straightening his belt and sliding his lightsaber into the holster. “Don’t die,” Hux scolded, pressing his lips to the knight’s forehead. Kylo rolled his eyes, stepping deliberately to the side to allow the emperor access to the exit. Harsh beams of light began to leak into the dark space as the door opened, bringing a cool breeze with it. Hux hesitated, adjusting his cape slightly before striding down the ramp and into the foreboding stillness of the planet's surface. He surveyed the sickeningly green landscape with a look of disgust, the thick humidity already making his clothes damp against his skin. It wouldn’t last, he quickly reminded, taking note of the multiplying rows of Stormtroopers congregating at both of his sides. All plans were final, the date was set, the soldiers were assembled. All that remained was his ignition of the flame. Flicking his wrist, he sent the troops forward, each heavily-choreographed footstep perfectly in sync, and just as he'd envisioned. "Consort," Hux called, folding his arms behind his back, "Your work begins now. Go." Kylo offered a subtle nod before racing into the clouds of mist. He glanced both directions, squat wooden huts beginning to loom in unstructured clusters on both sides. Squawks of staccato blaster fire rang in his ears like a complicated song, neon orange flashes of light dancing through the air. Screams were his sound of victory, scattered carnage the symbols of his power. He’d been starving for a conflict, but his previous assumptions had been right- all too easy. Yet he wasn’t one to question. Unclipping the hilt from his belt, his lightsaber’s crimson blade ignited in seconds, experimentally swinging it around before shifting into correct stance. Taking a deep breath, he entered the hut and made easy work. A thin smile crept along Hux’s face as plumes of smoke rose in thick black columns. Irrefutable evidence of his own power, of the things he was able to execute. It would show them. They’d think twice before defying their Emperor again. He glanced up, thoughts shattered by a familiar shape silhouetted through the haze, heavy steps padding through the dirt. He knew it was his knight before he saw him, but the fact didn't prevent him from cocking his head in scorn. The tips of Kylo’s cape were ragged and scorched, a smudge of black soot wiped down his cheek. Oh, the punishment in store for him. Hux clicked his tongue in disdain, taking note of the knight’s hunched posture, obviously clutching something out of his view. “What have you got there, Ren?” He called, his arms crossed in guarded authority. “The mission went well, thank you for asking. I slew them.” “I swear, if it has anything to do with your lamentable corpse fetish- I thought we said no more ashes.” Kylo scooted further away, his dark eyes lit in silent admiration. Hux bit his lip in annoyance, stepping forward to wrench one of the man’s arms, before catching sight of the object of Ren’s fixation. Of all the things, a dirty bundle? His hand shook as he lifted a corner of the mangled blanket, revealing a dark mop of hair. His breath hitched, offering the knight a look of indifference as its tiny face contorted with a yawn. “A baby? Really, Ren, I’d have thought better of you. Go leave it in the bushes or something.” “I was thinking of keeping it.” A million thoughts raced through his head, the obvious “no” somehow catching in his throat. Raising a child aboard the Finalizer would be absolute hell, as would amid the chaos of an imperial palace. He was an emperor, not a nanny, certainly not a father. He himself hadn't had the fortune of an adequate parent. He could not submit to this, would not bring this upon himself. A “yes” would be ridiculous by all accounts- yet it still tugged at him with a certain sense of appeal. The possible prospects had to be taken into account- an heir to the throne and family name. Hux drew an exasperated sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose in silent defeat. “Is the parental situation going to be an issue? “I took care of it.” “I won’t question it- easy now, don’t suffocate the poor thing. Boy or girl?” “Girl. I was thinking of calling her-” “Aimee. Her name is Aimee and that’s exactly what you were thinking and that’s final. I’m not going to allow any daughter of mine to be named Mini-Vader or something of the like.” Kylo nodded in acknowledgement, pursing his lips in obvious disappointment before starting back to the shuttle, the ginger at his side. Hux shook his head, managing a quiet laugh. In all seriousness, this was one of the most ridiculous decisions he’d ever made, and one he’d likely pay for. The Emperor and his knight and their princess. What a thought. “Maybe as a middle name-” “Force help this girl with you as her father.” Chapter 2 Aimee tottered through the empty hall, pressing her ear to the flat surface of the door. Father had said to wait out here, but curiosity was getting the better of her. Judging from the clatter on the other side, it was far more entertaining.She plopped onto the floor, sketching an invisible line with her finger. Without a warning, the door swung open, a very angry Hux dragging a probably drunk Kylo. Aimee knew that look- At age 4, it was far from the first raging parental argument she’d been thrown in the middle of, and certainly far from the last. “Really, Ren, I’d assumed that with your newfound freedom you would have outgrown your positively infantile outbursts. I was the laughingstock of the embassy conference- my trophy husband causing such an uproar.” “I wanted-” “I know what you wanted, you little skank.” Their fights were like firecrackers, sudden and boisterous, but dissolving almost as suddenly as ignition. Peering up with a look of pure annoyance, she did her best to divert her dads’ attention. Creeping to all fours, she slid over to Hux’s boots, curving her small arm around his ankle in a death grip. “Did you honestly learn nothing from the last state dinner? You’re sleeping on the floor tonight- you seemed to be quite happy there under the table.” “You don’t need to be an ass about it. Your precious crystal shot glasses are still intact, aren’t they?” “You’ll be lucky if your manhood is still intact when I’m through with you.” “Father-” Aimee whined, the sound drawn out like nails on a chalkboard. Her effort was given no visible acknowledgement beside a soft shake, urging her to let go. He was stubborn, especially when it came to getting what he wanted. Aimee complied, sprawling onto her back and scooting across the floor to stare up at Kylo. “Dad-” she squawked, dark curls framing her face as she leaned back. “Daaaddd. I’m bored.” “Alright- when we go back in there, you’re going to apologize to the nice men and women you thoroughly embarrassed, and you’re going to tell everyone exactly why the table was so unfortunately overturned in the middle of hor d’oeuvres.” “Because my husband is a dick?” “No, because you couldn’t keep it in your pants for more than 30 minutes. You had one job and you failed.” Aimee huffed angrily, pumping her heels back and sliding further and further away. Her chest lurched as the floor gave away, her small frame tumbling down the grand staircase, purple splotches quickly forming on her limbs.White flashed in front of her eyes before all went black, her eyelids shutting as if in deep slumber. At this point, Hux’s shouts were silenced, quickly replaced by a full on sprint towards the bottom of the stairs, Kylo quickly behind. He gasped at the sight of her blacked out, pinprick-size red slits scattered assortedily over her body. “Look what you’ve done, idiot, you killed our daughter.” “If I remember correctly, she was trying to gain your attention. I hope you can sleep at night, murderer.” “If I remember correctly, you’re the one known as ‘Jedi-Killer’. And I distinctly heard her call your name, not mine.” “You blew up the entire Hosnian System, don’t pull that shit with me.” Shifting slightly, Aimee slowly opened her eyes, confused at first at the blurry figures looming above her. Loud, so loud. Head is hurting. Her legs began to twitch, muscles randomly contracting. "Kylo- We need to get her to the Medbay." -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Finalizer was its normal bustle of activity; crew members going to work, Stormtroopers patrolling or training, Kylo Ren probably finding a reason to destroy something. On the edge of the pit watching the bridge crew work sat five-year-old Aimee, swinging her feet. General Vaughn watched the small child in disdain, children do not belong on his ship they belong at an academy or better yet, dead. . “Why is this infant on my ship?” He questioned, looking down with disgust. Aimee looked up at the man, momentarily confused, “This isn't your ship- It’s Father’s.” He crossed his arms imposingly, faking a warm smile. "Well, I know for a fact you're not my kid-and this my ship- so you are mistaken," He turned to address a lieutenant, "Find out who her parents are." The blast doors opened with a swish. “That won’t be necessary General Vaughn.” The man went stiff- Emperor Hux stood behind the frightened man. “Come on, Aimee.” She smiled and happily went with him. “General Vaughn annoying and rude” Aimee skipped down the corridor next to the ginger. They entered the mess hall where Kylo was waiting alone at a table. She got up next to him on the bench sitting on her knees to see over the high steel table. Normally, they ate later in the day cycle with all the other officers but the large room is void of people besides them and a few kitchen droids. "What are we doing?" She watched as one of the droids brought out something on a tray and set it on the table, perhaps they were having dinner now? "Happy birthday," they said simultaneously, removing the lid to reveal a small cake. Her eyes lit up with joy and her smile reached from ear to ear. She jumped up to hug them both. "Thank you!" Her last birthdays there had been large parties thrown at the palace with the galaxy's most elite. It was nice to have so many people there celebrating her of course but large crowds weren't something she enjoined. Being able to spend to with her parents at the same time was something special that rarely happened. Two boxes were out on the table next to her one considerably smaller than the other. Her fingers slipped into the first, circling around a small silver necklace.The star shaped gem glittered in the artificial light as Hux tenderly took each end, guiding it to the proper place in the crook of her neck. "Amazing, isn’t it? Each is just an individual ball of plasma in the sky but when interconnected they make something beautiful. Everything in the galaxy is connected you know- sun, moon, stars- everything has a place. You in time will find yours, and I know you’ll be our bright star, outshining them all." The air hung still for a moment, just basking in the presence of each other. Sun, moon, and stars- the perfect syzygy of the three of them- and nothing could ever break that. Kylo placed the other box in her eager hands with a slight nod, familiar smirk making an appearance. Aimee grinned as the contents became visible: her first personal blaster pistol. “Later we can go to a training room and teach you how to properly use it, ” Hux commented, quickly placing the blaster back in the box. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- “I’ve reached a point of being so bored that I could die, do you want that on your mind that you made me, your own child's death by boredom,” she fell to her knees “All because you made her sit through a meeting which is going to end badly for the other person and we all know it” she put a hand up to her forehead, "Cruel world, I knew thee well.” She dropped down, laying her back against the floor. Hux was clearly unimpressed, pressing his lips together to stifle a laugh. “Look, it’s trying to be dramatic.” She rolled her eyes and got up “So...can I leave?” “Fine, leave” “Thank you” she fixed her clothing then went outside to the gardens. Kylo leaned forward from his spot behind Hux’s throne “ How much longer is this going to take, I’m getting horny” Aimee walked alone among the hundreds of different forms of plant life around the palace gardens. Stopping to get a closer look at flower she did not notice the blaster bolt till it was too late. Her hand flew to her side as the searing pain started to erupt from the area, she fell to the ground with a small yelp blood staining her clothing. There was suddenly voices coming near her and someone had picked her before she blacked out. Waking up slowly in bed the events of the morning came back, she could feel the bandage wrapped tightly around her stomach. There was people talking quietly somewhere in the room it was hard to make out what they were talking about she was still foggy from the pain medication. She hissed in pain when she tried to sit up and there was hands on her shoulders pushing her back down. “You need to lay down and rest or you’ll hurt yourself more” There was still a ringing in her ears that made it hard to distinct who exactly was talking. She nodded slightly and remained down “What happened?” Her parents looked at each other “ You don’t remember?” “It happened so fast one second in looking at flowers, next I'm in pain on the ground” Hux moved a piece of hair out of her face “someone tried to kill you, you got shot in the side” “You're going to be okay,” Kylo reassured seeing the panic start to show on her face “We’ll have a matching scars.” “Get some rest and don't listen to him you might not have one”. She smiled slightly and drifted off to sleep. Her dads talked quietly. “‘We’ll have matching scars’ "Kylo- really? I'm sure that's what every kid wants to hear. The bacta should stop there from being a giant scar.” “Someone's upset they didn't get to finish” Hux glared at him, “I’m upset because someone managed to get in and nearly kill our daughter.” “They’re dead now, so that threats gone, Phasma and the guards are making sure no one else got in.” "I should hope not." They sat together watching their daughter silently. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 “This is perhaps the stupidest thing you've ever made me do.” “Just imagine their faces as you float in like a vision. You're going to look so sexy.” “You’re failing-horribly.” Kylo pulled the corset’s laces tighter, curling the end around his finger as he attempted to tie it. Aimee pursed her lips, cocking her head slightly as she looked in the mirror. She lifted her arms, feeling the heavy fabric of her dress descend over her. So long she'd managed to avoid these stupid events, yet here it was the inevitable day of torture. “I hate you both.” “Eighteen years we work and slave, and this is the thanks we get?” Kylo looks up from pinning the skirt, the teasing prick she receives not a misplace of hand. “Oh, what a kriffing sacrifice you made, caring for me in between fucking sessions. Give yourselves the title of parents of the year.” Hux actually glances up from his list- narrowing his eyes. “Blame Kylo, not me. Yes, we went through etiquette, the garters are over there, uh huh, yes.” Aimee huffs, plopping down on the ottoman, despite Kylo’s protests. Honestly, if the organza tore, she would be glad. Everyone seemed to care so much about this event, but honestly it was just another birthday- just with a measly ball on the side. “Did you put on the lingerie I laid out?” Kylo looks up, tapping his finger expectantly. “I would have, except I legitimately do not care. It’s yours anyway…” “But what if you meet some gorgeous stranger-” “I can assure you I will not.” Kylo sighed, opening the makeup kit and tapping her cheeks with a brush. The main hall would be absolutely packed- Hux had invited far too many- and it was only a matter of time until the three of them had to be the genteel portrait family for the press, all smiles and all grace. The responses might as well be scripted, the actions posed and rehearsed like some puppet show. He hated it. “Are you aware of the purpose of this event?” “Kind of.” “You are aware of your going to school in two weeks, correct? And you are aware of standard procedure senior year? You might as well have some enjoyment before-” Hux set the holopad down, walking over to the two of them and smiling softly. As Emperor, he was used to social events, enjoyed them in fact, the seas of adoring subjects throwing themselves at his feet. His daughter had come of age- naturally, he had to show her off to the whole galaxy and make them bow to her, to them. “How do you feel?” He murmured, tenderly sliding a lock of her hair off her face. “If you make me wear these shoes, I’m going to trip and break every bone in my body.” “You’re going to do just fine- and the whole empire is going to love you. You're my daughter, they have to.” Aimee stood up, grimacing as the half-tiara was forced into her hair. She twirled softly, skirt picking up from the ground with a steady whoosh. “Thank you, Father. Thanks, Dad.” Hux released a heavy sigh, placing his hands on both of her shoulders and looking her straight in the eye. "Please, for everyone's sake, manage to have a good time. I don't want you to waste-" "I will. Don't worry about me at all." Hux smiled softly, the pain in his eyes still evident. "Alright, my loyal consort, I believe she's ready." The two men locked eyes for a moment before each taking one of her arms and stepping into the hallway. “Damn it, Hux, walk faster.” “Shh- I will absolutely not stand for you making another public embarrassment of yourself.” Aimee closed her eyes, breathing deeply before flashing the ‘my-father’s-the-emperor-and-everyone-better-know-it’ smile, clenching her fists as her parents let go, allowing her to walk to the top of the stairs alone. “Introducing Aimee Organa-Solo-Ren-Hux, your princess.” She was hardly aware of the thundering applause as she cautiously stepped down the stairs, precisely as they’d rehearsed far too many times. It was like a terrible nightmare, all these people, staring directly at her as though ready to catch the slightest mistake. Her foot gladly met the ballroom’s marble floor, managing a subtle cutesy before edging over to the wall- generally out of sight. The music resumed shortly, the guests turning back to their own preoccupations, but her heart still thundering. Catching her breath and regaining focus, her eyes danced amid the guests, partly fascinated by the sheer number of occupants. Father hadn’t lied, there was a ridiculous amount of people here. And thankfully, none seemed to be noticing her. Her heart lurched with realization at catching the introductory notes of the next song. A waltz- of fucking course. Aimee groaned, putting her palms over her eyes. Perhaps if she was somewhat obscured, she’d be less of a flashing target for- “Hey.” Shit, too late. Cautiously, Aimee peeled her hands to her sides, immediately softening. "I know you're hella gay, Eamos. You don't need to ask me to dance." "I was just passing through and thought acknowledging my friend's existence was the polite thing to do." "Can you stay so I look occupied?" "Uh, sure." He was reluctant, but who cared. "How's training going? I'd have thought you'd be a full-fledged Knight of Ren by now," her tone was sharp, a smirk spreading across. "Your precious father is a harsh critic who left tough boots to fill, I'm sorry. While you're at it, how's governing the empire going? How's finding the fiancee your empire is apparently desperate for?" "Whoa, I get it. Love ya too." Eamos slumped against the wall, crossing his arms and scanning the assorted couples. Many a formal event he'd been dragged into with her, this routine becoming the norm. Pointing subtly with his shoulder, he motioned to a particular one by himself, looking back at Aimee for approval. "Mhh, look at the ass on that one." "I think he's gay," she started, laughing slightly, "and single, if I'm not wrong." "Daddy's gonna go get himself a nice piece of ass," he smirked, striding away. "Uh, bye?" Aimee crossed her arms tightly, refusing to look anywhere but the floor, admiring the glittering details of her shoes. They might as well be knives against her arches, but they were pretty nonetheless. The clump of footsteps and a looming figure in her peripheral vision brought a red blush across her cheeks, pretending to be enthralled with the intricate wall moldings. The man, boy perhaps, threw out a hand expectantly waiting for her to shake it. She willed herself to look, immediately cringing. "And look now, it's the princess herself. You must be Aimee." She knew that tone and the identity connected to it, a sinking feeling swelling in her chest. “I am aware of my own name,” she stated, gritting her teeth and resisting the urge to teach the bastard a lesson. “You seem to be lacking a dance partner,” he eased, his voice unnaturally smooth and plastered. “I’m also aware of that.” He forced a cough, cocking his head slightly and pursing his lips. Aimee breathed in, trying to mask her own annoyance. "If you're trying to get me to dance, I have absolutely no interest," she replied curtly, disliking everything about him. "I thought it wasn't polite for a lady to refuse." Sighing, she clenched her fingers painfully tight around his hand, before being shoved into the manicured crowd. The boy smirked like he'd made some great victory, adding to her own annoyance. "Are you looking forward to final year?" she managed, adopting a cool and collected tone she was sure the dads would be proud of. Her pulse raced faster than the music's heavy beat, echoing in her ears and stirring up a headache. "I was born for it. I've been looking forward to it for a long time." "I look forward to attending your funeral," she replied, bobbing her head with the intricate steps, her tone unnaturally pleasant. "It's possible, though I should think extremely unlikely," the curt reply, his nose in the air like he was something special. Aimee bit her tongue, knowing no amount of reasoning would change the stupid peacock's mind. "May the best find themself on the victor's pedestal, regardless." From his spot leaning against the balcony’s rail, Hux’s craned his neck, looking for his daughter. If she wasn't off somewhere sulking, he would consider this to some degree a success. Her usual wall was empty, an unfamiliar group of socialites in her place. Hux clucked approvingly, his curiosity peaked. His eyes widened on pinpointing her location, yanking Kylo by the arm to get a look. Kylo shoulders straightened, a look of disgust spreading across his face. "Isn't that Tarkin's grandson, the little bitch-" "The blood descendant of Grand Moff Tarkin, whom we all know was one of the greatest minds of the empire and one of the greatest men of the century- "After Darth Vader, you mean." Hux scowled, elbowing Kylo in the chest. "Our daughter...has gotten the attention of...Tervis Tarkin. Do you understand what this means?" Hux's face strained, emphasizing each phrase with a sharp hand movement. "Force help her, that's all I can say. Can we go fuck now?" "Stop whining, you have a responsibility to your daughter. You-We're staying right here, unless you'd rather greet the public, which I know you would not." Aimee stuck all her awareness on the steps, intentionally stepping on Tervis' boots, taking pride in the obvious scuff mark. She allowed him to lead, incorrectly figuring it would shut him up a bit. Subtly pulling, she let the steps round out, the twirls making the world a blur. Seemingly after an eternity, the song faded to brief silence, then soft applause which could have as well sounded like an angel's chorus. Sweet, glorious freedom. She released the tight clench of their hands, immediately thankful for the release. She sucked in a breath, warm air flowing from the open french doors calling her away. "Thank you ever so much for that delightful opportunity. I could live a thousand lifetimes and be overjoyed to never repeat it," she furrowed her brow, dress swishing as she turned back to face him, all the while easing small steps backward to freedom. "Oh, but the night has barely begun, and we have so much more to talk about. I want to get to know my princess," he smiled, lethally with poison in his gaze. Aimee stopped, her expression completely annoyed, crossing her arms. "Well then, go right ahead. What's so important that I need to hear?" He slid his unwelcome hand into hers, the head feeling like a sauna. Her back hit the panes of etched glass, the half-open doors creaking open as she continued into the night. "You interest me. What's wrong with that?" "A lot of things, because I hate your guts." The sparkling lights and din of many voices were growing less and less of a focus with each second, the excitement quieting down with each foot. At this point, Aimee was pressed against the railing, feeling very vulnerable before a sickening idea popped into her head. "You know, Terv, I was wrong," She faked a smile, doing her best to envision the proposed situation, "Would you give me the honor of a walk through the gardens? The moons look awfully beautiful tonight, and I should like to enjoy them." "You've come to your senses it seems, good choice." Aimee wove her arm with his, tenderly clasping his bicep as if admiring a lover. Might as well let the thirsty boy think he's making ground. She guided him down the staircase, cobblestone pressing against her skin through the soles of her shoes. One moon was full, casting a silver glow on the deep evergreen of the hedges. Luckily, there was a clear, well-lit path to her target. Aimee eased her posture, pretending to be easily meandering down the path. "You know, I adore your military skill. I always have," she sugar-coated, practically getting cavities from this act alone, "Do tell more." "I feel it is my destiny to rule." So that's what this is all about... "Well, it appears I'm standing in your way," Aimee giggled, feet brushing the concrete edge of the fountain. Perfect timing. "Are you?" Oh, he must think he's so clever. She fluttered her eyelashes, taking both his hand in her own, running her thumbs over the calluses. "Am I?" She drew her face close, inches away from his, staring squarely at his lips as if wanting this was a burning desire, like she was ready to confess to some undying love crap. Terv caught on, his eyes shifting closed, tilting his chin to accommodate. Aimee tensed as their lips met, her arms wrenching around his waist and pushing with all her might over the fountain's chiseled edge. She grinned as she stormed away, the expected splash right on time and amazingly gratifying. "It was a pleasure, Terv!" she called, resisting the gratification of turning to see his eyes, "We should really do it again sometime-" The following scream was music to her ears as she raced up the stairs, perfect reminder that she didn't belong to anyone. She reentered the ballroom, perfectly aware no one noticed her absence, settling happily against her wall, a smirk curving across her face. She'd done it. Princess Aimee would show them all. Notes: syz·y·gy: an alignment of three celestial objects, as the sun, the earth, and either the moon or a planet. This is going to make sense later, but for now here's the definition.