Song 1 Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee. Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee. (Present - Rey aged 19, Twins aged 30) Ben stands stock still beside his twin brother’s bedroom door. It is slightly ajar, and the liaison taking place inside that room would make a whore blush. Kylo is sitting up on the bed completely naked and groaning filth while their nineteen year old sister, just as naked as he, bounces eagerly in his lap. His hands are gripping her hips with white knuckles, rocking her up and down on his thrusting cock while Rey gasps and begs with her arms wrapped around his neck and her forehead pressed to his shoulder. “Fuck, baby,” Kylo growls lewdly, “That's it, take my cock.” “It's so big,” she pants into his sweat dampened skin and he gives a particularly hard thrust, making her squeak. “Yea, fuck; your pussy’s so fucking tight and wet, baby sister,” she whimpers at the pet name, “I'm gonna fucking fill you up.” Ben steps away from the door and flees the apartment without a glance back. His surprise visit had clearly been a horrible idea. What would their parents think of this, if they were still alive? What would they think if they knew how hard the sight of his brother and baby sister fucking made him? -- Rey gasps as Kylo slams her against the mattress, rutting wildly into her cunt, his heavy balls slapping her ass and labia with disgustingly hot rhythm. “Fuck I’m gonna cum,” he pants into her ear, and she moans like a slut in response, “You want that, baby Rey? Huh? Want me to fill up your sweet little twat with my cum?” She digs her fingernails into the flesh of his shoulders; “Please Kylo, please!” He begins to lose his pace; thrusting his thick, throbbing member into her clasping channel with reckless abandon. “Tell me,” he groans, “Look me in the eyes and--ah fuck--and tell me how bad you fucking want it in your cunt.” He punctuates the demand with a particularly hard thrust, bumping the fat velvety head of his cock up against her cervix. “Please!” She squeals, “Please, please please, I wanna feel you cum inside me, please Kylo. It feels so good when you do!” He loses it at that. He loves it when she begs him like a whore, and she's doing it so well, tongueing the shell of his ear and pleading on hot, panting breaths. His balls tighten up against his body and his dick swells and pulses inside of her. “Ahh, fuck, take it all.” He groans and pushes as deep as he can possibly go into her fluttering twat, sending rope after rope of hot white cum deep into her tight eager body. “Kylo!” She shrieks as she follows him over the edge, contracting around his massive cock. She closes her eyes tightly as she feels each jet of his semen find its place deep in her pussy. “Mmm,” she moans into his ear as the aftershocks of her orgasm rush from her head to the tips of her toes, “Big brother.” She purrs the endearment like a cat and squeals excitedly as he tenses and another rope of cum erupts from his tip. They lay together, still joined, for a few moments before Kylo pulls his softening dick from her sloppy cunt. He licks his lips as he watches a drip of his cum slip from her glistening slit. He sits up and tugs on his boxers, then tosses Rey her own underwear from their place on the floor. “Not up for another round?” She asks, sliding up behind him and wrapping her arms around his waist, pressing her breasts to his well muscled back. “I wish we could, sweetheart,” he turns his head and kisses her slowly, slipping his tongue past her lips and then pulling away before he takes it too far, “But Ben’s supposed to be in early tomorrow, remember? I’ve got to think of a reason why I dumped Stefanie, other than ‘I started fucking our little sister.’ And you’ve got to make your room look lived in.” She pouts at him, “I really can’t sleep with you tonight?” “No, I don’t want to risk him coming in and finding us Rey; I sent him a copy of our key in the mail after we moved here, told him he could drop by anytime he liked. He might try to surprise us by sneaking in early.” He shrugs his shoulders at her, smiling sheepishly and trying desperately not to look at her perfect little tits. “Alright,” she sighs, running her hands over his chest as he lowers her back to the mattress so he can kiss her again. “I love you, Kylo.” She whispers between kisses. “You’re so fucking beautiful, Rey,” he says back, pressing kisses along the column of her throat, “I love you, too.” Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions? If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents. (Two Years Previous - Rey aged 17, Twins aged 28) Their parents had died. Kylo stood solemnly in the morgue of the hospital, nodding his head as he looked over the corpses. They were definitely his parents, there was no doubt about it. When he had received the call from the police, asking him to come and identify the bodies, he hadn’t believed it was possible; He’d thought it was a mistake and he was being dragged only to tell the poor cops that, No, those weren’t Han and Leia Solo. But he recognized their wedding rings, matching inscribed bands, and the clothes they wore; along with the parts of their exposed bodies that weren’t burnt. It’d been a car accident, their tiny 1980 Thunderbird not standing a chance against the propane tanker truck. It had been a quick death, the mortician assured him, they’d died on impact; the burning Kylo saw had occurred post mortem. He stepped out of the morgue and pulled his phone from his pocket, he keyed in his brother’s number and was surprised when the medical student actually answered, Ben was always busy. “Hey bro,” Ben sounded chipper, “What’s up?” “Mom and Dad are dead, Ben,” Kylo cut straight to the chase, not bothering with pleasantries to cushion the blow. “What?” “There was a car accident. I just ID’d the bodies.” He didn’t feel sad so much as empty; he had never been close with his parents, but he knew his brother and sister were. How was he going to break it to Rey? “Shit.” Ben swore on the other end, “I’ll go put in for time off and book a flight for later tonight. How are we going to tell Rey?” His twin mirrored his own concern. Ben continued; “She’s an entire ocean away; that’s eight hours alone on a plane while she’s grieving. That’s horrible.” “We can’t fly her in under false pretences then spring it on her,” Kylo said, “We’ve got to tell her now. She’s tough, Ben. She’ll be alright.” “Okay,” his brother sighed, “Can you handle it? I need to pack and book my flight.” “Yea, I’ve got it. We’ll start making plans for the funeral when you get here tomorrow, the morgue won’t release them to me until then anyways.” “Okay. Goodbye brother.” “Bye.” Kylo hung up and rubbed his hands over his face; it was seven in the evening and there was an eight hour time difference between New York and the U.K. Her boarding school wouldn’t have anyone manning the phone lines until hours later. He called and left a message anyways; making it clear that Rey should call him as soon as administration had spoken to her. He wanted to make sure his little sister would be okay for the flight, if need be he could call on one of his overseas army buddies to fly over with her; they did things like that for each other. -- Rey sat staring out the window into the harbor as the plane began its long descent into JFK International Airport. She gripped the armrests tightly as the horrible feeling of weightlessness that came with takeoff and landing returned. Part of her wished she’d taken up her brother on his offer of finding someone to fly with her, but mostly she was grateful for the time she had to think on the flight. Her parents were dead. She had only seen them on the summers and at christmas since she was six years old, but they were still her parents; and they were dead. She remembered when she had rushed through the front door of their New York townhouse one icy winter day, halfway through her first grade year. She’d excitedly thrust a pamphlet for an overseas boarding school into her mother’s face, demanding that they send her. How desperately she had wanted an adventure. And her parents, after months of discussion, had decided that she could go. And now here she was, eleven years later, wiping her eyes as she approached her brothers by the baggage claim. Ben pulled her into a tight embrace, apologizing for nothing in particular, while Kylo watched her sadly from over his twin’s shoulder. The boys helped her get her bags to their rental car; all Kylo owned was a motorcycle, and Ben’s car had remained in Vancouver. “What are we going to do?” She asked quietly of her brothers. There was absolutely no way she could afford to continue at the boarding school while Ben finished up his M.D. at the same time, even with the life insurance they would receive. “We’ll talk about it after the funeral,” Ben said, “Try not to worry about it too much. Okay, little sister?” “...okay.” She sighed and pressed her head against the glass of the window, watching her breath fog the icy pane. She traced the pattern of a heart into the condensation, then ran her finger through the center of it in a jagged motion; she caught Kylo looking back at her and shot him a glare. (Present) Ben sits and stares down into his now lukewarm cup of coffee. He’s in a small cafe, not far from the Honolulu airport. He decided to come here to think after what he had seen earlier that evening. He needs to find a place to stay for the night, he knows that going back to the apartment isn’t an option; not until he works through what he saw. Kylo had been fucking their little sister. He shifts uncomfortably in his seat. “Sir?” A voice calls his attention away from the swirls of creamer in his drink. “Sir, we’ll be closing in the next few minutes,” it’s a waitress, with kind eyes and a pen pressed behind her ear, “You’ll need to leave soon.” “Oh,” he says, standing up, “Yeah, sorry. I lost track of time. Might you know the name of a Hotel that takes walk-ins, preferably one that won’t break the bank?” The waitress hums and presses a finger to her lips while she thinks, “Yea, there is a motel about two blocks that way,” she points to the left, “You can’t miss it. It has a big gaudy sign that says ‘Grand Oahu’. They’re pretty cheap, for Hawaii at least.” Ben nods his thanks and leaves a ten dollar tip for his two dollar cup of coffee. As he walks we wonders just what the hell Kylo was, or is, thinking; fucking their little sister. His brother is a Navy Seal for God’s sake, he should be the very picture of self control and restraint. No matter how tight her ass is, or how perky… Ben shakes his head, cursing under his breath as he remembers the sight of Rey rocking in his brother’s lap. Speaking of Rey, he thinks, shouldn’t she, the academically gifted prodigal child, know better than to have sex with her own brother. He pays for his motel room in cash and collapses onto the bed, throwing his single duffle bag into the corner as soon as he gets through the door. The place is a pile of shit, the kind of motel that still advertises technicolor TV’s on its sign. The blankets are rough and itchy so he opts to go without them, instead adjusting the temperature of the air flowing from the room's single window unit. He only sleeps for a little while before a dream of sweet little Rey, panting and whimpering beneath him, sends him bolt upright on the hard mattress. His cock throbs insistently in his pants, begging for attention as he desperately tries to clear his mind of her image. He stumbles into the bathroom and turns on the shower, only to find the water pressure is nearly non-existent. He turns it off and sits back onto the toilet lid, burying his face in his hands and groaning as his cock throbs persistently. He shucks off his pants and carefully guides his erection from his boxers, not bothering to remove the undergarment entirely. Taking his cock in hand he strokes quickly and roughly, desperate to get the ordeal over with. He tries not to, but ultimately he thinks of Rey; her lips parted, her supple little ass bouncing on his thighs as she takes him deep. He imagines her running her hands over his chest like he had seen her do to Kylo; touching him all over while she lets him ravish her body. He ejaculates with a muffled grunt, cumming in thick spurts across his fist and wrist. He grinds his teeth as he cleans himself beneath the weak spray of the shower; washing away all evidence of his sin. This is so fucked up, he thinks. -- (Fourteen Years Previous - Rey aged 5, Twins aged 16) Ben lifted Rey up high into the air so that she could pick a bright red apple from a tree. They were at their ‘summer’ home in upstate New York, the air was fresh with the scents of early autumn. She plucked it and giggled as he threw her into the air and caught her again. “Put me down!” She squealed, “I wanna give it to mommy.” Ben did as she asked, setting her gently on her feet, and she quickly scampered off to the patio to gift their mother with her newfound treasure. Kylo sat scowling next to their parents, watching as their mother praised the little girl for her find. Ben frowned at him. Despite the significant age difference between the boys and their sister, Kylo had always been jealous of the attention the tiny girl received. Ben approached his brother from behind, Kylo far too distracted by their family to notice him; that was until Ben thwacked him over the back of the head with an open palm. “Stop being a dumbass Kylo,” Ben spoke under his breath so their mother wouldn’t hear, “She’s our little sister; get over yourself and learn to love her.” Kylo sneered at him and rose violently from his deck chair, stomping into their summer home without a word to any of them. (Present) Ben looks back on the memory and nearly laughs; this is definitely not what he meant. -- Rey somehow manages to sneak into their bedroom that night, despite Kylo’s insistence that she sleep in her own bed. “This is my bed,” She says as she wraps herself in his sheets, burying her nose in the crook of his neck, “I’ve been sleeping here with you for six months and I don’t plan to stop now. Kylo sighs, defeated, and wraps her in his muscular arms, embracing her fully to his bare chest. He loves this girl more than anything, and telling her no in nearly impossible. “If Ben catches us I’ll just tell him you had a nightmare, but clothes have to stay on, alright?” “He’s going to find out someday, why not just tell him?” She murmurs into his skin. Kylo presses a kiss to her hair, inhaling her scent deeply, “He’ll never find out if I can help it. He wouldn’t understand Rey; he’d just think we were fucked up or dealing with mom and dad dying in all the wrong ways.” “He’s your best friend…” “He’s also our brother. He wouldn’t understand how much I love you, Rey. He’d try to break us apart.” Kylo growls at the thought of losing her, this girl who has become everything to him. He pulls her more tightly to him; he doesn’t care if she’s his sister, it doesn’t matter anymore; they’ve already come too far. Rey presses a kiss to the underside of his jaw and returns his embrace, “I love you, too.” She snuggles against him, pressing kisses to his pectorals and nuzzling into his side. He holds her until she's fallen asleep, and then longer; running his fingers gently over the notches of her spine and up into her hair. His entire world has revolved around this girl since the day after his parents died, he just hadn't realized it until six months ago; when she’d pulled him into a kiss and begged him to love her; he told her, with his body not his words, that he already did, she was everything now. He remembers Ben’s offer to take Rey in when he was transferred to Hawaii; it had been before he and Rey had become so involved with one another, they were still only suffering the insufferable tension that pulled taut between them. Part of him had desperately wanted Rey to say yes, she’d rather go with Ben to Vancouver, but she hadn't; she’d come with him and now here they were; forbidden lovers, forced to pretend they only cared for one another platonically in front of everyone they care about. Rey stirs against him, whining in her sleep. He holds her tight and presses another kiss to the crown of her head. He loves her more than anything, and he will let no one, not even his best friend--his twin brother, tear them apart. -- Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes. Ben wakes early the next morning and readies himself in the bathroom he had sinned in the night before. He looks into the mirror, staring into his own eyes--his brother’s eyes--with a deep seated disgust. It wriggles in his chest like a serpent, winding and waving, and leaving him feeling faint and ill. He has to confront Kylo. For all he knows his bastard brother has manipulated Rey into thinking that this is okay, that it’s normal. He’d prefer to do it outside of Rey’s presence; Kylo doesn’t like being told no, and he’s known for his temper. Though, Ben thinks, he has improved through his career in the Seals. And that brings Ben to the real reason he had flown all the way to Hawaii; what will happen to Rey when Kylo is deployed again? His brother has been essentially grounded to the base since he had broken his leg while hiking the year before, but he would be almost fully recovered by now; and contrary to popular belief, a belief Ben himself had once held, Navy Seals were not limited to the high seas; and things were certainly heating up in Syria. Once Kylo was back on active duty there was no telling where they might send him, and for how long. As if that weren’t already enough for Ben to deal with, now he has another, entirely confounding, situation. Speak of the devil and he shall come. His phone rings out, echoing off of the bathroom’s tiled walls. “Hello?” He asks despite having seen the caller ID. It’s Kylo. “Hey, Bro, where are you? It’s already nine. I thought you said your flight landed at seven.” Ben grinds his teeth at the sound of his twin’s voice, so nonchalant on the other end of the line. “Sorry, my flight was delayed for almost an hour on the tarmac back home, I just got in fifteen minutes ago.” He lies smoothly, hoping that Kylo won’t pursue the topic further. “Alright man,” Kylo sighs, “See you soon. You need the address again?” “No, I’ve got it.” He’s been there for God’s sake. “Tell him I say ‘hi’!” He hears Rey shout. “Rey says hi.” Kylo relays the message. “Yep, I heard,” Ben runs a hand through his hair, “I’ll be there in half an hour.” He hangs up before Kylo can respond. (8 Months Previous - Rey aged 18, Twins aged 29) Rey pressed her pillow over head grinding her teeth and trying not to cry. She could hear his headboard thumping against the wall, and his girlfriend’s excited moans. She hated this; the entire fucked up situation. She hated their parents for dying, Kylo for being stationed on fucking Oahu, his girlfriend for being such a genuinely kind beautiful woman, and of course she hated herself; she hated herself for the feeling of jealousy that constricted around her torso like a great snake when she saw them together. She hated herself for the way her heart beat wildly against her ribs when Kylo so much as touched her. She hated herself for loving her brother. She loved him, from his big ears and full lips to his funny looking feet, she loved him. But he only saw her as a child, his kid sister; and she was his sister, and loving her brother was so wrong in so many ways. There was a loud gasp from the other side of her paper thin wall, followed by a pleased sigh. Rey cautiously removed her pillow from over her ears and listened carefully, reassuring herself that it was, in fact, over, and not just a lull in the action. She heard voices talking now, out in the hallway instead of in his bedroom; Stefanie rarely stayed the night, Rey thought that was Ben’s influence, ‘don’t let our sister see you living with someone before marriage!’ or something along those lines. She expected to hear Kylo’s heavy footfalls as he returned to his room, but instead was met with the sound of the TV coming alive in the living area. That gave her pause; normally he went straight to bed after sex, closing the door after Stefanie and returning to his room. She wondered if something was wrong. Had she hurt him? Had they broken up? She slipped from her room and tiptoed down the hall past his door and into the living room doorway. She stood there for a moment, watching him; he was shirtless, his full shoulder tattoo that spilled over onto his thick pectoral muscle was on full display to her. She traced over the intricate pattern with her eyes. It reminded her of the zentangles they had been forced to make in art class during her freshman year. He was sprawled over the couch with his hands behind his head and his neck turned to watch the television; it was one of those shows she hated, about aliens building the pyramids. “Rey?” he noticed her, “Did...did I wake you?” he asked cautiously. Rey smiled internally, he was afraid his violent sex noises had woken her. If only he knew the truth of it; that she heard it every time, that sometimes she touched herself afterward pretending it was him, that she had cum more times than she could count with his name on her lips. “Yea, the TV is pretty loud,” she lied. “Oh…” he seemed relieved as he reached for the remote. “No need brother, I think I’ll sit out here with you, just for a little while.” “I’m not sure that’s such a good idea,” he said hesitantly, and she knew he was thinking back to the kiss they had shared on her eighteenth birthday; ‘a minor indiscretion’ he had called it. “Nonsense,” she made it to the couch in two quick strides and plopped herself onto his stomach. She laughed as he gasped for breath, and when he recovered he tackled her playfully to the floor, all hesitance melting away as they roughhoused. They wrestled for a moment in a mass of limbs before Rey managed to break away an scamper down the hall, vaulting over his bed and grinning as she took up a defensive stance. “C’mere you!” He laughed as he chased her, taking up a position guarding his door. They stood like that for a heartbeat; Kylo the lion watching carefully as the gazelle stood stock still, waiting for him to pounce. In the end she moved first, throwing herself back across the bed and trying to duck under one of his well muscled arms; he caught her easily around the waist and pressed her against the wall, laughing deep in his chest. “Gotcha!” He said next to her ear, and she shivered. She could feel him, hard steel wrapped in warm velvet, pressed roughly against her belly. He seemed to realize it too as he let go of her wrists and backed away, his eyes wide. “Wait,” she gasped, “Kylo!” She pressed him against the wall, laying her hands on his chest; they were both breathing hard now, the air heady with arousal. “Let me,” she whispered, ghosting her fingers over the long stretch of his engorged cock, she felt him twitch through his sweatpants. “Fuck, baby Rey,” she shivered at the nickname, falling to her knees in front of him and mouthing his cock through the fleece, “Fuck! We can’t fucking do this, shit! Stef and I just--” “Did you use a condom?” She cut him off, slowly beginning to inch his pants down his waist. She eyed the trail of hair that stretched from his navel down into his waistband hungrily. “Yea, but Rey--” “Please Kylo, big brother,” his cock jerked as she said it, “You like that, don’t you? You want your little sister to suck your cock.” She slipped his pants down the rest of the way and her eyes widened at the sight of him. He was big, bigger than she had expected; long, thick, and veined. She licked her lips. “Fuck, baby, please if we’re gonna do this let’s do it on the bed,” he groaned and hoisted her up, pushing her roughly into his room. He collapsed onto the bed and watched her intently as she kissed up his thigh towards his cock. -- As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste. He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love. She pressed a slight kiss to his balls and then licked carefully at them before pressing an open mouthed kiss to the base of his shaft. He gasped and threw his head back and fisted his hands in the sheets; squeezing his eyes shut as his little sister licked her way up the length of his throbbing erection and tongued his tip eagerly. She pressed a kiss there before moving her ministrations to his glans, kissing and sucking and licking at the sensitive ridges eagerly. She returned to his tip then and without warning took several inches of his dick into her eager sucking mouth. He looked down at her again to find her staring up at him suckling eagerly at his tip, curling her tongue around his shaft. “Oh, fuck yea,” he placed a gentle hand in her hair, “fuck, baby sister, suck my fucking cock.” She moaned onto him and took more of him into her mouth, bobbing her head on his dick. “Shit!” He snarled and dug his fingers into her scalp, reaching with his other hand as well, “You want me to fuck your mouth little sister, huh? Want me to treat you like a fucking whore?” She nodded and lapped at him eagerly before pulling back, “Please…” She whimpered, pressing her cheek to his thigh. He took his dick in hand and jacked it over her face twice before he offered her the tip again, she ran her tongue over it, lapping at the slit for a moment to clean the precum that had beaded there; “Open wide,” he groaned as he slipped past her lips, inching his way forward carefully until her nose brushed against his pubic hair. He buried his fingers into her chestnut hair as he eased his way in, his mouth falling open at the warm wet sensation. She gagged when the fat head of his dick touched the back of her throat, he went to pulled back but she stopped him with a hard suck and her hands gripping at his ass. He began to thrust into her mouth, slowly at first then more quickly until he found a rhythm; his balls slapped her chin and she moaned around his shaft, sending pleasant vibrations all the way up his spine. He looked down at her face and watched as strings of spit leaked from the corners of her mouth as he rocked past her plush lips. “Fuck, baby Rey, you’re so good at this,” he groaned and she hummed around him. Her little pink tongue snuck past his thrusting cock and laved at his heavy sack; he howled at the sensation and his stilled, his entire body tensing as he came suddenly in down Rey’s throat. She pulled back so only his head was in her mouth and she sucked eagerly at the tip, drawing out every last drop of his cum. “Baby, baby, baby,” he cooed and stroked her hair as she swallowed it down and gave his spent dick a few more licks. She crawled up onto his chest and buried her face against his shoulder. He ran his hands over her clothed back and was suddenly reminded of just how naked he was. He moved to pull away but she stopped him. “Kylo, please don’t leave me,” she whimpered. And he remembered just how wrong this was. But it had felt so right. -- I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night. “Kylo, please don’t leave me.” She whispered, looking up at him with pleading eyes. But she can see it written across his face; he is horrified by what they had just done. He regrets ever having let her touch him and she suddenly feels very dirty and very ashamed. She flees the room quickly. (Present) Rey sits and watches as Ben and Kylo converse over their coffee. They’re in a small breakfast diner, a favorite of Kylo’s, waiting for their food to arrive. She knows that something is wrong with Ben, he seems tense and uneasy, especially around her; when she had hugged him upon his arrival that morning he had gone stock still. “So, Rey,” Ben finally addresses her directly, “How’s it feel finally being out of school?” She had graduated that spring, and had turned nineteen just a month later; “It’s good, but I need to start looking at schools.” “Have you got anywhere in mind? Maybe you could get off of the island, come back to the mainland. NYU is a great school, I bet Poe and Finn would love to have you back in the city.” She looks down into her coffee and stirs it absentmindedly; she does miss Finn and Poe, they had been her closest friends during her brief time in New York, but now she was here, and she had Kylo. “...I don’t know,” she said, “I really do like it here. The weather is always nice, and the mountains are beautiful.” “Alright,” Ben says, “No pressure.” But she can see it in his eyes; he doesn’t want her to stay here. She looks back to her coffee and Kylo picks up the conversation; excitedly talking about going back to active duty. She smirks a little as she listens, he’s really missed the open ocean. Their food arrives and Ben seems to become more at ease as he scarfs his breakfast platter with gusto; just like Kylo. She giggles at them. “What?” Kylo jerks his head up from his eggs. “It’s just that you two are so much alike,” she giggles again, “You ordered the same thing, you both take your coffee black, both of you took your eggs over easy…” she trails off and watches them for a moment; they really are identical, two birds of a feather. She wonders where she fits in that picture. “Yea, except he saves people, I kill them,” Kylo says darkly, shoveling a forkful of bacon and eggs into his mouth. Rey scowls at him; “You still save lives, Kylo. You take out the bad guys so the rest of us can live in peace.” “I wish it were that black and white little sister,” he responds. “So,” Ben speaks up suddenly, “I do have something I’d like to discuss with the two of you.” “Yes?” Rey asks, squeezing her hands tightly in her lap; he couldn’t possibly know, could he? “Kylo, what’re the chances that you’re going to be deployed once you resume active duty?” Ben inquires of his brother; Rey’s grip tightens around her coffee cup. Kylo stills halfway to a bite of sausage, “Why do you care?” “Because I’d hate for Rey to be here alone, two thousand miles away from any family.” Rey huffs and sits back in her chair, “I don’t need you to babysit me, Ben. Besides, you were just talking about New York, right? That’s still pretty far away from you.” “I finish my residency in Vancouver within the year,” he responds, “I want to come back to the U.S. for work anyways, New York is a good place to start.” Rey looks away from them; it’s hard to argue with that. She could see Finn and Poe again, and she wouldn’t be entirely alone if Ben were nearby… “We don’t even know if I’ll be deployed yet!” Kylo snaps and slams his fist down against the table, the ceramic cutlery chatters against the hardwood. He doesn’t seem to notice how the diner has gone strangely quiet. “You’re a Navy Seal, Kylo. You’re invaluable to the military of course you’re going to be deployed,” Ben is speaking in a hushed tone now. Kylo stands violently, thrusting his chair back into a brick wall, then leaves without another word; shoving his way through the front door and out onto the sidewalk. “Shit,” Rey murmurs, “Do you still have the key he sent you?” She asks as she throws two twenties down onto the table. “Yeah.” Ben nods. “Head back. I’ll go get Kylo.” She leaves at that, not waiting for her brother to respond. She follows Kylo’s path, out the front doors and down the sidewalk; she isn’t sure exactly where he went but she knows he won’t have gone too far. He’s probably waiting for her, hoping that she hadn’t sent Ben in her place to punish him for his outburst. She should’ve, she thinks, but she’s not so cruel as to do that, no matter how juvenile her brother is being. She wishes Ben hadn’t brought it up; it’s not like they hadn’t all been thinking of it as Kylo recovered from his injury, but, between the two of them, it had been an intentionally untouched topic. Kylo is a protective bastard if nothing else, and Rey knows that he hates leaving her alone. She nearly misses him in his dark clothing loitering in an alleyway. He’s slumped with his back to the bricks and his head resting in his hands. “Kylo...” she says softly, coming to stand in front of him. “I…” he looks up at her through the dark curtain of his hair, “You’re my sister.” She nods, “I am.” “I don’t want to leave you.” “I know.” “No.” He says quietly, but he is all intensity in the moment; Rey steps back from his scalding emotions, “I don’t think you do. You have no idea how fucking infatuated I am with you Rey. I’ve never felt like this before; I’ve never been in a relationship where I’ve fallen asleep thinking of someone, dreamt about them all fucking night, then woken up still thinking about them. I love you more than anything Rey,” he rises to his feet and takes her by the shoulders, forcing her to look directly into his smoldering eyes, “But you’re my sister. I shouldn’t have let this happen.” Rey tugs away from him at that, her cheeks flaming with rage. “Alright!” She snarls at him and he recoils, “I thought we’d been through this already, but clearly I was wrong. It looks to me like this is less about our relationship and more about Ben. I’m going to spend a few hours at Jess’s and you’d have better worked this out with him by the time I get home!” She stomps away, leaving Kylo standing wide eyed and shell shocked in the alleyway. Her brain is boiling with an abundance of ‘what if’s’ as she calls an Uber to take her to her closest friend’s home. What if Kylo had really meant what he’d said? What if he really was disgusted by the relationship they shared? What if when he left again he met some beautiful woman in some far away country and forever forgot about his pitiful little sister with small breasts and mousy hair? -- (7 Months Previous - Rey aged 18, Twins aged 29) Jess was braiding Rey’s hair as they sat on the former’s bed. Some silly late night sit-com was playing on the television. Rey was spending the night for no reason in particular; a day out turned slumber party. Her belly tightened as she watched the brother and sister characters interact on screen; behaving in such a nonchalant manner, with no longing in their eyes or double meaning behind their words. Part of her longed for that; the simplicity of poking her brother in the stomach and calling him an idiot. But another much larger part of her loathed the idea of losing what she had managed to build with Kylo. He had rejected her after their tryst. This was a mistake Rey. She’d started to cry You’re just confused. She’d begged. She’d been so ashamed. I should never have let that happen. “Jess,” she said softly, “Can I tell you something?” “Of course,” she could hear the smile in her friend’s voice, “You can tell me anything.” She disentangled her fingers from Rey’s hair and Rey turned to face her. “It’s kind of embarrassing.” Rey blushed. “Oh come on,” Jess snorted, “It can't be that bad. What’d you do? Trip and fall in public?” “I'm in love with my brother.” Rey blurted out. “What?” “I…” She flipped back onto the bed and threw an arm over her eyes, “Kylo, I'm in love with Kylo. We...we did stuff.” “What do you mean by ‘stuff’?” Jess asks cautiously, putting a reassuring hand on Rey’s knee. Rey gulped as she remembered their tryst and the sting of Kylo’s rejection, “I--this is really fucked up Jess…” “Rey,” Jess said, “It’s okay. I'll be your friend no matter what. Even if you love your brother.” “I sucked him off,” Rey whimpered, “and then he shut me down. He said it was wrong, that I was confused. But I'm not confused, Jess. Not at all. I--I love him, that has to be what I'm feeling, right?” “Wow,” Jess fell back next to Rey, shaking the bed slightly, “That’s...that’s a lot to take in.” “I know,” Rey whispered, “I know, I'm disgusting.” “No, Rey, you’re not disgusting. Sure it's taboo in our society, but if it's consensual then fuck what people think. It is consensual right?” Jess asked suddenly, a new edge in her voice. “Yea, it was consensual, until he kicked me out of his room,” she rolled over and buried her face in the comforter, “He can barely even look at me now.” “I mean…” Jess sighed, “Rey, it is incest. This stuff shouldn't be taken lightly. Try talking to him about what happened.” “I have. He just won't listen.” Jess wrapped an arm around her shoulders, and didn't say a word. Rey tucked herself into Jess’s side and let the tears she had been fending off for weeks flow freely down her cheeks. She knew how wrong it was for her to love her brother the way she did; but she couldn't help the way her cheeks flamed when they accidentally touched, couldn't help that she dreamt of him at night and woke up frustrated and starved for his touch. “Just…” Jess seemed at a loss for words, unsure of what this situation entailed, “Just give it time, Rey. Everything will work out in the end, it always does.” -- The voice of my beloved! behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills. (Present) Jess wraps a blanket around her shoulders and gives her a cup of coffee when she arrives at her apartment crying and shaking. “I'm sorry Jess,” Rey sobs as her friend perches next to her on the couch, “I just don't know what to do anymore. Ben’s right; I don't want to stay here without any family, and Kylo is right; I’m his sister.” Jess, always the romantic, rolls her eyes, “You don't have anything to apologize for Rey. You haven't done anything wrong. You’re just in love.” Rey sighs and lets herself sink into the couch cushions, “I think this is more about Ben than about me. Having our brother around is making him anxious.” Jess turns on the TV and picks up her phone, “What do you want on your pizza?” Rey smirks, “Olives, banana peppers, and pepperoni; good idea by the way, I’m probably going to be here for a little while.” -- Kylo enters his apartment to find Ben has beaten him there. His brother is sitting on the couch with his elbows resting on his knees and his fingers steepled in front of his lips. “Where’s Rey?” Ben asks. Kylo is careful to keep his expression passive as he answers Ben, he thinks he knows what's coming, but he doesn’t want to incriminate himself, “She went to a friends house, thought we needed some ‘brother bonding time’, she’ll be back later.” “I know that you’re sleeping with her, Kylo,” Ben says, the lack of emotion in his voice irritates his brother. Kylo wants him to scream and yell and break shit, not sit there and scold him like a disappointed parent. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he tries to keep his body from going rigid at the accusation. How does he know? “Don’t fucking lie to me, Kylo!” Ben shoves off of the couch rising so the two brothers are of equal height. “I saw you two together last night!” “Shit.” “Yeah, shit,” Ben growls and grabs his brother by the collar of his shirt, “What the fuck is wrong with you? She’s our sister you sick son of a bitch!” Kylo plants his left hand on his brother’s chest and slams his right fist across his face, sending him spinning to the floor, “Shut the fuck up! Just shut up! You think I don’t fucking realize how fucking fucked up this is? You think I don’t call myself a disgusting fuck everyday, everytime I fucking look at her!” Ben is back on his feet before Kylo has the chance to brace himself for the blow planted squarely against his chest; he falls backward into the heavy bookcase and yelps as the wood splinters beneath his weight. “God, you’ve always been such a wreck! You can’t even keep it in your pants when it’s your own sister?! What did you do to make her think that this is okay, huh? What kind of sweet talk did you lay down to convince her that she can have sex with her own brother? Did you blackmail her? Groom her?!” Ben’s words are like acid on Kylo’s ears, burning it’s way through the delicate membrane of his eardrum and into his brain, bubbling and boiling until tears roll hot and fat down his cheeks. “I love her,” he whispers, defeated. He can never have her, he knows that, he’s known that since the beginning. “That doesn’t make any of this okay,” Ben begins to calm himself; taking deep, cleansing breaths. “She can’t stay here, Kylo. This isn’t healthy.” Kylo shakes his head from side to side an sobs violently into his hands, “I know.” he chokes out, “I’ll be leaving again soon anyways.” Ben looks down onto him with pity which riles his anger all over again. How dare that smug bastard pity him, he who has everything he could possibly want? Rey. Rey, oh Rey “I’m going to arrange an apartment for her in New York tonight; she’s flying out with me in two days whether you like it or not. I can’t let the two of you do this to yourselves.” Ben offers him a hand, which he bats away and he pushes his bruised bleeding body to it’s feet. “How long will she be alone there?” “A month tops. I’ll move in with her once my residency ends.” Ben assures him. “Alright,” Kylo says, “It’s for the best, isn’t it?” “Yes, it is.” -- My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away. Chapter 2 : Song 2 Notes: I got some great feedback on the first chapter. It really made me want to write more. So here you go! :D (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. -- It’s been two months since she and Ben departed Hawaii, and she thinks she’s never felt more alone. It will seem for a moment as though everything is getting better, her wounds are closing and, maybe, Kylo is a distant memory. And then something will remind her of him; a sleek black motorcycle roaring down the street, the smell of salt water or the earthy scents of spring. Then all of the pain of their separation comes rushing back in upon her in heavy white waves of sorrow. Ben was correct in assuming Kylo would be deployed as soon as he resumed active duty. Two weeks after they had left he called and left a vague voicemail for Ben, simply saying that he was going away, not telling where or for how long. He didn't leave any words for Rey. She had spent that night crying. Ben is with her now. His residency having ended a month previous. He walks on eggshells around her, watching every word he says; being careful not to mention Kylo, or the relationship she knows he knows about. He's never broached the issue with her, rather he’s ignored it so vehemently she wants to scream at him to do something. But he doesn't. So she goes to school, comes home, goes to work, and sits; waiting for something to happen, for Ben to confront her, or for Kylo to call. Neither comes. The few moments in which she finds reprieve from the monotony of her new life are those she spends with Finn and Poe. Finn, like her, is busy with school during the week, and Poe has a full time engineering job; but on the weekends they’re home free. That’s where she is now, much to her relief, partying away her sorrows at some nondescript night club. Grinding her ass against some seedy prick she wouldn't dream of taking home. And drinking until Kylo is just the whisper of a dream of a thought in the back of her mind. She loves Finn and Poe, and they know that she’s hurting, but she can’t tell them why. It’s too private a thing to tell them; she know’s that they’ll try to get her to move on, tell her that they love her but it’s wrong to be so caught up on her own brother. She feels their eyes on her now, watching her like hawks; making sure she doesn’t accept any of the harmless looking pills being passed among the patrons. Normally she would be offended by such vigilance, but tonight she doesn’t care. She just wants to forget that Kylo Solo ever existed. A feat easier said than done. -- (Two Months Previous - Rey Aged 19, Twins Aged 30) He was hesitant as he knocked on the door of Jess’s apartment; he didn’t know how to tell Rey, or what to tell her, for that matter. He knew that it was for the best, it was better for both of them if they ended this now; but that didn’t soothe the ache in his chest. Jess answered the door, “Oh! Hi Kylo,” she turned her head back into the apartment, “Rey! Your brother’s here.” “Which one?” He heard his sister call out from somewhere inside the unfamiliar dwelling. “Kylo,” She looked at him quizzically for a moment, “Well I think it’s Kylo, if they’re as identical as you say I guess it could be Ben.” Rey appeared behind Jess and Kylo’s heart broke all over again; she looked hopeful, like she believed he and Ben had somehow resolved the situation without coming to blows. She couldn’t see the cuts across his back, or the dark, purple bruise on his sternum, or the deep lacerations criss-crossing his heart. “Rey, let’s go,” he said, “We need to talk.” Her face fell at the tone of his voice. She disappeared for a brief moment then reappeared with her purse, “Okay, let’s go.” -- He had ridden his motorcycle out to get Rey, so, as he drove them towards their special place she had her arms wrapped snuggly around his middle; for what was likely to be the last time. He took to memory the feel of her arms embracing him so tightly, and the pleasance of her warm breath against the back of his neck. He stopped the bike once they reached a pier; small and hidden away in a tiny cove. It was once used by island residents as a personal dock so they didn’t have to share with the tourists; now it was mostly abandoned, save for the few people who fished there during the day. But now it was dusk, and dark storm clouds were rolling in low over the horizon; all of the fishermen would have gone home hours before. They walked side by side to the edge of the pier, looking out over the roiling Pacific. It seemed to continue on into eternity. They stood for a moment in silence. “What happened?” Rey finally spoke up, but she didn’t look at her brother; rather she trained her eyes onto the great maw of clouds rolling toward them. Kylo stared at her profile for a moment, memorizing every curve and juncture of her before he answered; “Ben knows about us. He saw us together the other night, apparently he decided to surprise us by showing up early.” “You were right, then.” She said sadly. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her to his side, “I--” He was cut off as thunder clapped violently in the distance, Rey startled and fell into him. He wrapped her in his arms and held her to his chest as the rain began to fall; a few drops at first, and then a downpour. His hair stuck to his neck like his clothes did to his body, leaving him drenched; but he didn’t notice as he cradled his heart to his chest. She was looking directly at him, her eyes wide with realization and sorrow; she could’ve been crying, he wasn’t sure; the rain would wash away any tears before he could catch them with the pads of his fingers or the brush of his lips. She was the one who took initiative standing up on her toes and pulling him into a rough kiss; a kiss full of all the passion of a lover lost. I love you. I love you. I love you. She told him over and over again with the press of her soft mouth and the brush of an eager tongue. He returned the sentiment tenfold, crushing her to him as he sobbed into their embrace. She was everything he had and he was giving her up. It’s for her own good. He told himself as she pushed the rough, soaked fabric of his jeans out of the way. It’s for her own good. He told himself as he hoisted her into his arms and carried her back to his bike. It’s for her own good. He told himself as he tugged her yoga pants down to her knees. He kissed her forehead as he buried himself inside of her, so desperate to feel her one last time. She whimpered against his shoulder and clutched at his back as he thrust roughly into her. He loved her more than anything, he loved her so much it hurt, and he was going to give her away. “Kylo.” She pleaded over and over again and he grunted as he rutted against her; all of their usual lewdity was lost in the passion of the moment. He pressed his forehead to her own and looked directly into her eyes as he fell over the edge, Rey following close behind. They held each other for a while after that; catching their breaths and pressing soft kisses to each other's skin. They didn’t care that a storm raged around them, and lightning tore through the dark gray sky. Afterwards, once they had righted their clothing and the clouds had given way to the inky Pacific sky Kylo said to her; “You’re leaving with Ben when he flys out in two days.” He couldn’t look at her, didn’t want to see the heartbreak he knew had warped her features. Rey nodded, solemn and accepting, despite her spitfire personality. Kylo had never seen the little hellcat take no for an answer, and yet here she was; giving up without so much as a word. He wanted to reach out to her, pull her to his chest and tell her it was okay. He wanted her to scream and yell and punch him with all the hidden force he knew she contained in her lithe, muscular body. But she didn’t. She stood and nodded and neither one of them could so much as look at the other. They mounted the bike in silence, and began the ride back to their apartment for the last time. Kylo wanted to scream when he felt Rey’s arms wrap around his waist even more tightly than usual. -- It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me. -- (Present) Rey wakes the next morning to find her conquest from the night before had decided to spend the night. He fits her usual modus operandi; tall, ebon haired, and alabaster skinned. He isn’t holding her like the others sometimes try to, rather he is keeping cleanly to his own side of the bed, her bed. She watches him for a moment, pretending he’s a different dark haired beauty returned to her in the night. She almost reaches out to touch him, to see if it could possibly be her lost lover, but he isn’t quite tall enough, and he lacks the muscle tone Kylo possesses; not to mention the tattoo, or lack-thereof. She is shocked from her thoughts by the slight draft of cold air that fills the room when her door opens. Standing in the frame is Ben; his lips pursed, arms crossed over his chest. He had worked the graveyard shift the night before in the ICU, and clearly he has just arrived home; he hasn’t even removed his scrubs or lab coat yet. This isn’t the first time Ben has caught her with one of her bedfellows, so she shrugs her shoulders and slips out of bed, shoulder checking her brother on her way by. She goes to the bathroom and starts the shower; stripping out of her sleep clothes and hoping whoever that man is, he’s gone by the time she gets out. She scrubs near violently at her skin, until it stings raw and red, trying to remove all of the grit and grime of the previous night; she makes sure to aim the detachable shower head between her legs; she is on birth control and she keeps condoms in her room, but she doesn’t remember the nights activities, and she wants to be safe. She knows objectively that promiscuity doesn't suit her, that it is an unhealthy coping mechanism she uses to cope with her unhealthy relationship. She knows that Ben loathes her behavior, and Kylo would be sorely disappointed; but Kylo hasn't bothered to call. Kylo doesn't care. He never cared. She hates him. But she doesn't hate him. She misses him to the precipice of physical pain. She slams one fist against the slick shower wall and balls the other against her lips to suppress her exasperated cry. She feels lost and abandoned, she had given Kylo everything; her love, her secrets, her virginity , and he wouldn’t so much as call. It’s because she’s disgusting. She knows it. That has to be it. He’s flown off to a foreign land and met a beautiful woman and realized just how damaged his little sister is. And that's the crux of it, isn't it? He’s disgusted with her because she’s his sister, and she loves him like nothing else. She stands beneath the shower spray until the water has gone cold; there is a quick rap on the door followed by Ben’s concerned voice; “Rey?” He calls to her, “He’s gone now.” “Alright,” it’s only when she speaks that she realizes she’s still crying; she sounds terrible and can feel the lump in her throat. “Rey…” She wraps a towel around herself and opens the door, skirting past him quickly; desperate to hide her tears. She makes it to her room and slams the door, Ben hot on her heels. She flips the lock and throws the towel away from her body, collapsing onto her bed naked and soaked. Uncaring of the way her comforter and sheets absorb the icy water, steadily drenching her mattress. “Rey, please talk to me.” Her brother pleads from outside. She hates him for how hard he tries to make everything better when he was the one who started all of this. Only that isn’t true in the slightest. No, it is her fault that this had happened; her fault for falling in love, her fault for seducing her brother, her fault. She sobs into her pillow, “Go away Ben!” “Not until you talk to me Rey. We’ve been avoiding this for too long.” He says, not unkindly. She doesn’t answer him, opting to stay on her bed and ride out this wave of overwhelming emotion. She hears him jiggling the lock and suddenly she isn’t so alone anymore; he stands in her doorway, pale faced and wided eyed as he stares at his sister’s naked body, unsure of what to do. She shrieks and throws a pillow at his head, “Get out you fucking pervert!” He snaps out of his shock and retreats from the room with a quickly muttered ‘sorry’ before he slams the door. -- Ben sits on the edge of his bed, running clammy hands through his hair. Rey is destroying herself from the inside out and the one time he tries to help he only makes everything worse. He groans into his hands and desperately tries to draw anything into the forefront of his mind that isn’t his little sister’s delightfully nude form sprawled across a mattress; droplets of water pooling in all of her delicate dips and curves. His door opens and Rey, now fully clothed, enters with hesitance, but she quickly gains confidence and strides to stand in front of him, crossing her arms over her chest. “So,” she snaps at him, “Like what you saw?” “Don’t go there Rey,” he sighs into his hands, “It’s not even remotely funny.” “Oh, I didn’t think it was funny; I was just wondering if it was a Solo family trait,” she’s sneering at him now, “ogling a family member then running away with a non-apology.” “It was an accident Rey, and you know it. I was just worried about my sobbing sister.” “Whatever.” She turns to go but he stops her by grabbing ahold of her forearm; “Wait.” He says, “I meant it when I said we needed to talk. We can’t keep dancing around this whole thing with Kylo.” “I haven't been dancing around anything Ben, it's you who’s been avoiding me. And what is there to talk about? Kylo thought I was disgusting, clearly. He told me he loved me and then he let me go, after everything.” She stifles a sob into her fist and Ben’s heart breaks a little. “No. No no no no. He didn't think you were disgusting Rey, nothing is wrong with you,” he takes hold of her and makes her sit down on his bed, “You’re young, and he has a whole host of his own issues that lead to this. He’s always struggled with sex stuff.” He winces as he realizes that he’s said far too much. Rey pauses for a moment, her brow furrowing, “What do you mean?” She asks. “I…shit, I shouldn't be telling you this,” he mutters. But he's seen her pain over the last two months, seen it grow in size and weigh her down until she bent beneath its burden. She deserves to know. “Do you remember that summer home we used to go to whenever we were out of school?” He asks. He isn't quite sure how old Rey was when they sold it. “Yea I remember it. We used to pick apples in the fall, and swim in a lake in the summer.” She almost sounds nostalgic. “There was this old guy who lived nearby, Mr. Snoke, cranky son of a bitch, kept to himself until Kylo and I were around twelve. Mom and dad were busy with you, babies need a lot of attention, you know? So they didn't notice when he started taking an interest in us.” Rey's hand comes up to cover her mouth and her eyes widen with understanding, “No…” She whispers softly, horrified. Ben nods, “I wasn't as responsive as Kylo, so he left me alone eventually. Kylo was always quieter than I was, more introverted and harder to get along with; not to mention he was jealous of the new baby. He loved the attention Snoke gave him and when it turned into something darker, something….sinister, he was already in too deep. It went on until he was seventeen, and the rest of us were none the wiser.” He remains passive, maintaining a distance between his emotions and the story he tells. He knows if he lets it close to him it will send him into hysterics. His twin brother, his best friend raped by a monstrosity of a shell of a man. Rey sobs and falls against his shoulder, “I made everything so much worse, didn't I?” She chokes into his shirt. “No.” He says firmly, “God, Rey, no you didn't.” “But I did! He--I was like Snoke, wasn't I? I seduced him and he felt like he didn't have a way out!” “No!” Ben says fiercely, “No. He loved you, it may have been misguided and wrong but he was in love with you. I’ve never seen him so…so lost in a woman before. It wasn't like with Snoke, with that bastard Kylo felt trapped, with you he felt liberated.” “I miss him, Ben. I loved him too.” She whimpers softly into his tear soaked shirt. “I know Rey,” he sighs and embraces her, “I know.” -- Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether. -- (Eight Months Previous--Rey aged 18, Twins aged 29) Kylo laid out across his bed, one arm thrown haphazardly over his eyes the other flung out to his side, clenching and unclenching against his sheets. It had been two months since his encounter with Rey and nearly a year since he’d kissed her for the first time; now he can hardly look at her. He told himself over and over how fucking twisted he was; how broken. How the combination of his childhood trauma and his resulting promiscuity had left him a shattered mess of man, patched back together with Elmer’s glue and packing tape; all jagged edges that cut like knives. He longed to go back and smash Snoke to tiny bloody pieces, longed to change the past that had so deeply scarred him. But it was too late for that now. Snoke was over two-thousand miles and half an ocean away. He had wondered once, if what Snoke had done to him had made him incapable of love; if he was too damaged to ever know a woman beyond a one night stand, but now he knew he had been wrong. Rey, his sister , sweet beautiful little Rey; he loved her. He hadn't realized it until he'd been a fool and kissed her when she’d turned eighteen. Now she had sucked him off, and he had fallen further into the hole. He heard her enter their apartment by the jingle of her keys. She had been working late tonight, at a shitty smoothie bar in one of the resort hotels. She was going to quit, she’d told him; she hated it there. He rose from his bed slowly, telling himself with every step towards her that he should turn around, go back into his bedroom and go to sleep; he wasn't thinking straight. Only he was. And he wanted Rey more than anything. He wanted her to be his the way he was already hers. “Kylo?” She asked confusedly as he stalked toward her. In two massive strides he was in front of her, and then he was holding her; pulling her to him by her waist and pressing his mouth roughly to hers. She froze briefly but then began to kiss back, following his lead. He traced his tongue over her lower lip and when she granted him entrance he lost all semblance of control. He lifted her roughly into his arms, breaking their kiss only briefly and carried her into his bedroom, laying her out across his sheets. She pushed and tugged against his shirt, eager to have it off of him, he complied tugging the offending fabric over his head and bearing his chest to her. She peppered kisses over his collarbone and pecs, working her way towards his abdomen. “Not so fast,” he stopped her and pulled her back to his lips, kissing her gently, “Let me take care of you this time.” He kissed her again and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand before he began to kiss a path down her throat. He lingered for a moment at the place where the delicate skin of her neck meet with the junction of her shoulder; painting his love across her skin. He was careful when removing her shirt, watching for any sign of hesitation or fear. He didn't want her to feel pressured or afraid, he wanted her to feel worshiped and loved. She unclasped her own bra, simple white cotton; practical like her. She tossed the garments away and he pressed further, on to her breasts; she ran her fingers through his hair and whimpered as he laved at one rosy nipple, then the other; sucking gently and kissing between her breasts before he continued down her abdomen. He ran his tongue along the curve of her navel and laid a kiss beneath it as he began to unzip her jeans. “Wait,” she whispered, winding her fingers back through his inky locks, “Wait, Kylo.” He lifted his head immediately and removed his hands from her waist; “Are you okay?” He asked hurriedly, fear overtaking his desire, “Did I go too far?” “No! No, I just....” She looked at him longingly, “I thought that you didn’t want me, that you thought I was gross…” He lowered his hands back onto her hips, “Rey...” he shook his head and pressed a kiss to her stomach, “Of course I want you, it’s just--” “I’m your sister.” A shadow fell across her delicate features, one of insecurity and shame. He unzipped her jeans and began to push them down her legs along with her underwear, “Yes you are.” He growled from deep in his chest, watching her with smoldering eyes; he pressed a kiss to the inside of her naked thigh and looked to her delicate pink sex, “And I don’t care anymore.” “Kylo.” She said his name breathlessly just as he pressed his full mouth to her labia slowly spreading open with the flat of his tongue. “Oh!” She cried out and pressed her fingers into his scalp. He worked her gently with his lips and mouth and tongue, tentatively showing her just how much pleasure he could bring her. She moaned loudly into the room, raising her hips slightly up off of the bed, gasping for air as he brought her to new heights of ecstasy. He was careful as he pressed a single finger into her clasping pussy, being as gentle as he could possibly be. He moved his mouth to suck on her clit as his digit worked in and out of her slowly. “Kylo please!” She begged and he sucked harder at her and curled his finger in a slow ‘come-hither’ motion, bumping into the perfect spot inside of her. She bucked wildly against him then and he introduced a second finger into her wet cunt, curling them into that spot over and over until she was a sputtering mess under his lips. He grinned against her as she orgasmed on his fingers, her body clasping tightly around them; she pulled almost painfully at his hair as the wave overtook her. “Kylo!” She called his name aloud as each aftershock set her muscles twitching. He pulled his fingers from her and rose slowly over her body, kissing his way back to her mouth which he ravished wildly upon arrival. She tangled one hand into his hair holding his mouth to her own as her other hand pawed at the waistband of his pants. He shucked them off easily and grunted as she stroked his cock, pushing back the foreskin so she could run the pad of her thumb over the weeping head. “Rey,” he groaned, “If it hurts at all, at all , tell me.” he lined his throbbing member up with her slit, nudging it with the head. “Okay.” She kissed his lips again, reassuring him. He began to press in slowly then stopped, “Shit! Condom?” “I’m on the pill,” she said, “And I’m clean.” “So am I, are you sure?” “Just...just make love to me Kylo, please.” She slipped her arms around his waist and gripped his ass, bringing his erection back against her soaked cunt. He took himself in hand and gently began to press into Rey’s body. She gasped and gripped at his shoulders as he slid further and further in. “Are you okay?” He asked, panting. “Yeah,” she moaned, “Yeah it’s just full, it feels...it feels really good.” Kylo grunted and pressed his forehead into Rey’s shoulder, giving a few gentle thrusts before slowly picking up a rhythm. “Oh God,” she whimpered into his hair, “Kylo...big brother, it feels so good.” He groaned and thrust faster and harder, her wet pussy clenching around his cock, trying to hold him deep inside. He made sure to brush the sensitive spot within her on every push and every pull, making her silken walls spasm around him. “Baby girl,” he whispered into her ear, “Baby Rey.” She gasped and bucked up against him, “Kylo!” Her orgasm came on suddenly, her tight cunt clenching around him and squeezing him with such delicious, silken pressure that he followed her over the edge with a triumphant roar, letting loose rope after rope of white hot cum deep into eager body. He collapsed over her, wrapping his arms around her waist before rolling them so she laid across his chest with her head tucked under his chin. They stayed like that for a moment, both catching their breaths and coming to terms with what they had just done. This changed everything. Rey rolled off of him and he hissed at the loss of contact, his softening cock falling against his thigh with a lewd smack. His sister glanced down between her legs and quickly looked away from the mess she found there, biting her lip, her cheeks pinking. He propped himself up on one elbow and pulled her back to him by her waist, “You’re mine now.” He chuckled. “And what about you? Are you mine now, too?” She traced his index finger over the intricate patterns in his tatoo. He smiled and kissed her, “I’ve always been yours, little sister.” She looked at him for a long while after that; an unreadable mixture of emotions spilling over her face, her eyes glassy with unshed tears. He leaned down and kissed her on the lips, it was chaste but sweet. “I love you, Rey.” He said softly, pressing his forehead against hers, carefully gauging her reaction. She looked back at him, her eyes filled with all the same deep seated passion he felt; “You’re my brother.” He kissed her again, with more ferocity this time, “I don’t care.” He growled. He pushed her back onto the bed and she giggled. “I don’t care.” He said again. “I don’t care,” he reached down to his already hardening cock and placed it at her entrance. “I don’t care.” He looked into her eyes, asking permission to have her again. “I love you, too, Kylo.” That was all the confirmation he needed. He was a goner. -- I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer. -- (Present) It has been two weeks since Ben’s revelation about Kylo’s past, and Rey hasn’t felt this joyful since before she left Hawaii. She and Ben take the time to bond like siblings, ordinary siblings, should. They grab lunch together and talk about their parents, moments from the childhoods that one or the other missed, a variety of trivial, domestic things. “Remember Chewy?” He asks her one morning over coffee. She laughs, “Yeah, I do. I think Dad liked that dog more than us.” “He was a big guy, a saint bernard I think,” Ben says, “Real cranky too, but I’ll never forget how he would protect you when you were a baby. He would lay by your crib and only let mom and dad by. It made Kylo so mad that he wasn’t allowed to see the baby.” “I miss mum and dad, Ben, a lot.” She looks down into her drink, inhaling some of the sweet smelling steam that rises off of it. “I know, I do too little sister. But we’ve got each other now.” Ben smiles, and Rey knows his words are intended to be innocent, but something about them reminds her of Kylo; in the days before they had started sleeping together. She shifts uncomfortably in her seat and Ben checks his watch; “Shit it’s already eight. I have to get going Rey, I start my shift in half an hour.” “I’ve got the bill,” She says kindly, fishing a ten from her purse. “Thanks. I’ll see you around eight tonight, alright?” He ruffles her hair then breaks for the door at a brisk walk. She lays the ten dollar bill on the table then quickly does the math in her head to ensure that it is an appropriate tip for the pastries and coffee they had ordered. She is about to leave when she notices that Ben had left his phone behind, beneath a used napkin. She frowns and pockets it making for the door. Once she hits the sidewalk she looks to the left, then the right and finds her brother is already gone; probably in a taxi or an Uber on his way to work. She curses to herself--the hospital is too far away for her to walk and she doesn’t have enough money on her for cab-fare. So she opts to hold onto the phone for him until he gets home. The walk back to their apartment takes less than ten minutes, Rey hums to herself all the way; enjoying the cool, fresh scent of autumn and the bright oranges and reds that decorate the trees; it’s something she had missed while she was living in Hawaii, the changing of the seasons. She picks up one of the many fallen leaves that litter the sidewalk, marveling at it’s vibrant yellow hue. She decides to take it with her back to the apartment and find out if she can press leaves the way her mother used to press flowers. Once she gets home she drops her bag at the door and goes to Ben’s room in search of one of his heavy medical textbooks; she selects one that looks like it’s seen better days. The front cover is hanging from the binding by a thread and it has pen writing all over it. But the pages are heavy so she pulls it from it’s home and takes it to the kitchen with her. She searches the cabinets for wax paper and presses the leaf between two of the sheets. She presses it tight between the page of Ben’s book and hopes for the best, praying she hasn’t forgotten anything from all those years ago. After Rey sets the book on her dresser she sits down on the couch in their living room, sinking into the cushions and looking up at the ceiling, her eyes run over the patterns as she thinks about the last few months of her life. Things had seemed so bleak when she’d left Kylo and the ocean behind, she’d thought that she would never move on from the agony it had brought her; but here she was, happy and safe and working towards her engineering degree. And it was all thanks to Ben. His phone buzzes in her pocket. She fishes it out and glances at the contact name, and her blood runs cold. It’s Kylo. He’s calling Ben, right here, right now, and Ben is nowhere to be found. She resists the urge to throw it at a wall. She answers it, sliding a shaking finger across the touch screen; “Hello?” Her voice wavers. She hears a sharp intake of breath on the other end, it’s staticy, probably long distance, but she knows the sound of Kylo’s voice. “Rey…” It’s just a whisper, but it’s enough to bring back eight months of memories. It hits her like a bullet, sending her reeling with the force of the blow and stunned for a moment afterwards in shock. He hangs up. She throws the phone across the room, shattering the screen. But she doesn’t care, she doesn’t care about anything. -- The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me. -- Ben arrives home at eight, exhausted from a long day in the ICU and ready to eat a quick TV dinner and hit the sack. All those plans are dashed as he steps inside to find the apartment in shambles. Furniture has been overturned and thrown, pillows and couch cushions are strewn across the floor and it smells like a brewery. He rushes to Rey’s room without so much as a second thought and what he finds there terrifies him. She is sprawled over her bed, spread eagle and clutching a bottle of brandy in her hand. Her eyes are bloodshot and her hands are bleeding. “Rey?” He rushes to her side and checks the wounds on her hands. They are mostly superficial, sustained when she took out her apparent frustration on the furniture. “What the hell happened, Rey?” She looks at him blankly, like she’s not quite certain what he’s asking, “You left your phone at breakfast this morning.” She murmurs. “What does that have to do with anything?!” He snaps; exasperated beyond reason and scared witless by the scene before him. She doesn’t answer for a long time. She reaches out and traces his jaw with her index finger and he is too surprised by this strange gesture to pull away. “Kylo called.” She drops her hand back onto the bed. Ben doesn’t say anything, he just lifts her up in his arms and carries her to the bathroom so he can wash her wounds and dress them properly. He sits her down on the toilet and pours rubbing alcohol over her hands; she doesn’t even wince as the liquid coats her open cuts. He wraps them in soft white gauze and tapes it into place, then lifts her again and carries her to his bedroom. He lays her out across his bed and climbs in next to her, crushing her to his chest. She begins to cry then, gripping Ben like he is the only thing holding her to the Earth. And maybe he is. -- My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her. -- There had once been a time when Kylo had held her like this; Rey realizes long after she has run out of tears to cry. She doesn’t know what time it is, but Ben is still awake and she has a throbbing headache from all of the alcohol she had consumed. She knows a glass of water and a tylenol would help to take the edge off, but she doesn’t want to leave the sanctuary of her brother’s arms. “I’m sorry Rey.” He says quietly. She shakes her head against his chest, “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have answered the damn phone.” “What did he say?” “Nothing!” Rey scoffs, “He hears my voice for the first time in months , and he doesn’t say anything but my name! Then he just fucking hangs up. He never fucking loved me. If he had he would at least make an effort to preserve something between the two of us. What’s wrong with me Ben? Why am I not good enough.” “Stop it.” His voice takes on a new level of assertion, “Nothing is wrong with you Rey. You’re a gorgeous, intelligent woman with a bright future and a great personality to boot. It’s not you who isn’t good enough.” “You mean that?” She asks, stunned by his passionate outburst. “I…” he looks away, almost bashfully, “I mean--yes, yes I mean that, Rey.” -- That night Ben dreams of Rey again, this time she’s beneath him, looking up into his eyes with unadulterated adoration. He’s oh so gentle with her while he takes her, kissing her at every thrust, whispering sweet nothings into her ear as she begs for more. He jolts awake just before he reaches his peak, sitting upright and frantically wiping sweat from his brow. He’s grateful to see that Rey had gone to her own room at some point in the night, he doesn’t know if he talks in his sleep, but she certainly would have noticed the raging hard on tenting his pants. He changes out of his work clothes then--he hadn’t had time when he had arrived at home--and into a pair of plaid pajama pants. He manages to will his erection away before he goes to check in on his little sister. What he finds only causes his cock to stir again. Rey is masturbating; naked from the waist down and laying on her bed with her knees pulled up to her chest. Two fingers work her clit eagerly while another two piston in and out of her glistening opening. She’s panting like a whore her eyes closed tightly and her cheeks flushed as she reaches her peak. “Ben!” She cries out as she clenches around her fingers. And her brother nearly faints in the doorway. This beautiful little creature had been thinking of him while she touched her pretty little pink pussy. He wonders what she thought about him doing to her; taking her with his fingers, his tongue, his cock . He rushes quietly back into his bedroom and closes the door, reaching into his pants and quickly taking care of his problem . No. He can't let this happen. He won't allow this to happen. She's his sister and he refuses to let these base feelings overtake him, no matter how beautiful, and witty, and loving, and intelligent she might be. No. This cannot happen. -- I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me. Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages. Notes: Tumblr: actualmongoose Please leave a comment, I try to respond to them all! Chapter 3 : Song 3 Notes: Kylo's gonna be pissed . (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised. I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate. His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me. (Present - Rey aged 19, Twins aged 30) He hovers over her, dark and beautiful. A drop of his sweat falls from his forehead and lands between her breasts as he watches her with those, deep, dark, ebon pool eyes. He leans down and kisses her slowly, filled with longing, lust, and love; all while he slowly thrusts in and out of her tight heat. She wants to call out his name; tell him how she loves him, how safe and alive he makes her feel, but she doesn't know which name is his. She wakes next to Ben the night of Kylo’s phone call; she is surrounded by is scent, bathing in it; the strange twist of coffee and the sterility of his workplace that cling to his skin. She inhales deeply of it and wonders if it wasn’t him she had been dreaming of. It twists deep in her gut, the thought of loving another of her brothers; perhaps she is simply ill, caught in a perpetual cycle of incestuous tendencies that she knows Ben will not indulge. Rey leaves his room, her body still thrumming with arousal, and throws herself onto her bed with a violent huff. In Hawaii this wouldn’t have been a problem, this deep throbbing lust. Kylo would have known the moment she had woken and taken her again and again until dawn had broken and they were both too exhausted to even think about beginning the day; Kylo , how she misses Kylo, rippling muscles and thick dark hair, rough calloused hands that had know strain she never would, deep dark eyes that worshiped her with every glance, look, stare. She imagines him over her, his mouth hanging open as he groans her name, taking her roughing in their bed, thousands of miles away from New York. She shucks off her sleep pants and her panties swiftly and delves two fingers deeply into her eager body as she imagines Kylo rutting her like an animal; whispering filthy things into her ear. She tries to bite down on the side of her hand to muffle her sounds, but in the end the persistent throb of her sex wins out and she lowers the extremity to work her clit in quick circles. She imagines him moaning for her, begging her to let him come inside please , and there is something so different about this Kylo. His hands aren’t as calloused as she had thought, he is wiry and lean rather than bulky and brawny. His torso lacks the scars she has become so familiar with. Ben, she thinks the name and suddenly she is tipping over the edge, falling away into pleasure; she is so caught off guard by her sudden orgasm, brought on by thoughts of her other brother, that she cannot stop herself from howling his name. She whimpers and works her fingers in and out several more times before she pulls away. What the hell was that? This, this is new. This feeling rising up in her chest and radiating out to the tip of each finger and toe, is very new. She loves Kylo, she’ll always love Kylo, she suspects; and yet there is something else now, something stirring within her as she thinks of his twin. She had postulated once over breakfast, on the very same day that her entire world had fallen apart, that the two brothers were identical to one another in every way; now she sees that she couldn’t have been more wrong; where Kylo is calloused hands and silvery scars from years of training and combat, Ben’s are smooth and clean from years of habitual washing and lotion; things that come with the territory of mending rended skin and healing stuttering hearts. That is another way in which her twin brothers are juxtaposed to one another; one kills and injures while the other saves and heals. She wonders if they had always been meant to exist in such a way, as foils to one-another. She tries to remember what they had been like when they were still young, when she still had lived with them and their parents; no memories are particularly forthcoming; it doesn’t surprise her though, all of her early childhood is muddled in her own mind, lost to age and hundreds of miles of open ocean. She does remember vague flashes of color and muffled voices behind closed windows and cracked doors; Ben in warm colors, classy and practical, his voice calm and controlled, reasonable. Kylo in all blacks and leather, rough and mean, angry at everyone and everything for reasons she hadn’t understood. How can she love two men who are so fundamentally different from one another. If they are oil and water she must be the starch that mixes so well with both. Rey loves Kylo Solo, but she loves Ben Solo too. Both romances are forbidden. -- Ben lays on his side, curled in on himself as he works his cock furiously with one hand while the other grips tightly to the sheets. He hates himself for doing it, mastrubating. But the iciness of a cold shower hadn’t done nearly enough to quell the fire coursing through his veins. He hates himself even more for thinking about her while he does it. He bites his lip until he tastes blood, desperate to keep himself from calling out her name. Rey . He’s foul, he thinks, an abomination no better than his brother. A slave to his baser instincts. And yet, it is not his fault that he never knew his sister; that he didn't truly meet her until she was a woman grown; beautiful and kind. He comes across his hand with a gasp, spurting over his fingers and wrist. He wipes it clean on his bedsheets then pulls them off of his mattress. He balls them up and throws them into his hamper to be washed the next time he does laundry. He doesn't have to work today, he’s not on call. But he dresses and leaves the apartment anyway. He needs some time to himself, to think about this new development. Ben wanders the streets aimlessly. The air is chill with the late September breeze. He keeps his hands buried in his coat pockets to keep the icy air from drying them. He is a doctor, and split bleeding knuckles would inhibit his ability to work; to help. That's what he does, helps others. He heals and mends them; and yet he cannot mend himself and his sick twisted desires. He knows the potential dangers of incestuous relationships--he is a doctor after all--knows that if he or Kylo pursued Rey she could, or should, never have children naturally. It would be unfair to curse them with the genetic burdens that incest so often brings. He wonders if Rey would even care. In the brief period of time that he’s known her she has never wanted for a family, or children for that matter. The most she has spoken of the future has been excited chatter about engineering; receiving her bachelor’s degree, and then her Master’s. He’s such a hypocrite, taking Rey away from Kylo only to fall for her himself. He understands now that he is in love with her, or at least infatuated with her. She had been such a mystery to he and his brother for so many years, a distant thing across the sea. And now here she is beautiful and intelligent in her maturity. A creature of power and grace. He remembers their brief time together during childhood, the last time they had felt like a family unit and not some fractured broken imitation of one. The many weeks they had spent at that summer home had been some of the happiest of his life, before Snoke, before Rey left. He needs to speak to her, Rey. He needs to tell her the truth, explain to her how these feelings are consuming his every waking moment, how they even manage to penetrate his sleep; but how would he even phrase such an admission? His phone buzzes from his pocket, drawing him from his thoughts; it’s Rey. “Hey, Ben, where are you?” She asks; she sounds ill; likely still recovering from her episode the night before. “I took a walk,” he says, “I needed some time to think.” He sits down on a bench. He feels the cold through his pant legs. There’s a moment of silence before Rey mutters a quiet; “I’m sorry about last night, Ben. I just wasn’t expecting him to call like that. I...I thought I was over this but apparently I’m not.” “It’s alright Rey. I’m not angry.” It’s the truth, he’s no upset in the slightest; not about Kylo’s phone call, that is. He is quite confused about the butterflies dancing in his belly as he listens to Rey’s melodic voice. “Maybe I should start seeing a therapist…” She trails off; he can hear her distaste on his end. “Whatever works for you,” He responds; though he doesn’t like the idea anymore than she does. Rey is an adult now, so there isn’t any risk of her being taken away from her only remaining family. But he knows some states have laws prohibiting incest in any form, and he doesn’t want to see either of his siblings have their reputations ruined over a consensual relationship; “If you really want to, I know a couple of people who are currently taking new patients.” “You don’t think I should?” She must’ve picked up on his hesitance. He shakes his head even though she can’t see him, “Yea, I think it’s a bad idea. I’m in public so this probably isn’t the best time to discuss it.” “Do you have to work today?” She asks. “No.” “Then come home so we can talk. I want to clear the air between us.” She says, a bit ominously. “See you when I get home.” He hangs up. -- How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights! They sit across from each other, staring at one another over their toast. Ben sips at his coffee, and Rey eyes him wearily; both of them have thoughts to voice but neither wants to speak first; neither is sure how to even begin to broach the subject. “You said you wanted to ‘clear the air’?” Ben finally inquires of her, once the tension has grown too great for his broad shoulders to bear. “Yea--I mean, I feel horrible about last night--the way I behaved--it was unreasonable.” She looks down and prods at her toast with her finger. “Rey…” “I know I’m being ridiculous,” she cuts him off, her voice rising an octave as her distress bubbles to the surface, “I just...it’s been really fucking hard dealing with all of this...this absolute shit. I feel like some sort of filthy depraved monster, lusting after my brother--who is a victim of previous sexual abuse I might add--and now, now he calls. After everything I went through with him, kissing him, falling in love with him, losing my virginity to him; I gave him everything , Ben. And now he calls, but not for me. Not to apologize to me, or accuse me of taking advantage of his trauma; no. He calls because he thinks he’s going to talk to you, and the minute he hears my voice he hangs up.” She’s crying now, tears rolling fat and hot down her pale cheeks; she’s lost so much color in the past few months, Ben realizes, and weight. He doesn’t know how he failed to notice before. He stands up and places his palms flat on the table, holding her tear filled gaze with his own. He doesn’t want to think about the feeling that coils in his belly like a snake, hot and angry; jealousy spilling over into his thoughts and tinting his vision red. Why does she long for Kylo so badly when he his right here; caring for her and loving her when Kylo cannot. “No,” he says, “No, you didn’t victimize our brother. He’s a grown man and he can take care of himself; I’d argue that he is the one who manipulated you .” He snarls at the thought of Kylo taking her, making her his when she didn’t know any better, didn’t know what Ben could offer. She cringes away from his words, recoiling from the malice and poison of them; if only she knew that they were fed by his jealousy and, by extension, the deep undeniable love he felt for her. “Stop it, Ben.” She says softly, “Please stop it. He didn't hurt me. He would never hurt me!” Suddenly she's on her feet, just as wild and rage filled as he, “He loves me!” “Not enough to let you be,” Ben hisses through clenched teeth, “Not enough to leave you alone when he knew that he would be deployed again. Not enough to fucking answer when you call him.” He doesn't mean a word of it, but his rage has overpowered his sense now. She stands still with shock, taking a moment to let the meaning behind his words sink into her flesh and soul. It's burns her deep, cutting like white hot knives that cauterize as they lacerate, leaving her burning but not bleeding. “Bastard.” She says it simply, like it’s God’s own truth, and in the moment she means it wholeheartedly because his words leave her aching. She storms from the apartment, not even bothering to put on a jacket to guard against the cold outside. She isn't sure where exactly she intends to go, but she wants to be away from him and his treacherous tongue. He doesn't follow. -- (Six Days later) She had texted him on the first night she spent at Finn’s place, informing him of where she was. That was the last time she had communicated with him. She had gone to the apartment one day while he was at work, taken clothing and toiletries, and fled back to Finn. Ben is slumped over a glass of draft beer running his fingers over the glossy varnished wood of the table he sits at; he’s in a seedy sports bar with a few friends from work. Armitage Hux sits across from him, picking at a plate that had been loaded with nachos thirty minutes beforehand. “You’re really bringing me down Solo,” he says comically, “I am a psychologist, feel free to divulge all of your secrets onto me. I promise I won’t tell.” Ben glares at Hux’s distorted form through his half empty glass, his chin resting on his folded arms. There are dark circles beneath his eyes, contrasting his already alabaster skin and making it appear even more pale. He hasn’t been eating well in the past week, his body too racked with guilt to experience hunger. His lack of self care is beginning to show, his handwriting on prescriptions has been worse than usual and his speech is slurred even when he’s sober. “You look like shit Ben.” Phasma sits down beside Hux, carrying two full mugs of beer; one in each manicured hand. “Feel like it too.” He mutters against his shirtsleeve. “Well,” Phasma sighs and eyes him irritably, “You better get your pretty little head back in the game, and soon. You’re a doctor, Ben. You don’t have any leeway when it comes to making mistakes.” Hux nods in agreement, “I’ve been trying to limit your hours as of late to give you time to recover from...whatever it is that’s bothering you, but you are one of best physicians on our floor. We need you back in shape, and soon.” He sips at his beer and grimaces. Hux has always had quite refined tastes, and the beer doesn’t suit his palate; it’s almost enough to make Ben smile. “Girl trouble,” Ben admits quietly, refusing to make eye contact. “What do you mean?” Phas asks. “It’s just…” He knows that he has to handle this with care, one slip up and his entire secret will be known city wide, “I really fucked up with a girl, told her some stuff about her ex that I didn’t mean; she’s still caught up on him.” Hux nods in understanding, but Phasma stares blankly; “Then what's the point?” She inquires with a bit more sarcasm than Ben appreciates, “If the girl is caught up on an ex why would she pay any attention to you?” “She was on the fence about it, she wasn’t sure if she should wait for him to come back to her or not. I...I know she was interested in me.” He leans back into the hard wood of the booth, averting his eyes from them and trying desperately to suppress the blush that is rising to his pale cheeks. “Who is this girl?” Hux finally pipes up with a smug grin and quirked eyebrow. Ben stares into the dark golden brown fluid in his glass, watching as tiny bubbles race to the surface. He has to be careful when he answers this question, one misstep and he will undoubtedly be found out. “One of Rey’s friends,” he says carefully, minding that he doesn’t pause over his sister’s name. “Hmm,” Hux hums and steeples his fingers under his nose, “I see, an age difference. You know what they say Ben, ‘Age is but a number.’ So long as she’s legal, I believe that saying applies.” “That’s not the issue,” Ben shrinks back into the booth, looking up at the slow turning ceiling fan above their heads. Phasma nearly eye rolls herself out of her seat at Ben’s dramatics; “Just go to her Ben, really. Just grab her and kiss her and tell you how you feel before this stupid crush gets you fired. Take action, it’s always better than inaction. Even if she rejects you entirely you’ll still have your answer and your closure. That’s more than you have right now.” Ben ponders this for a moment; the potential repercussions of seeking Rey out could be great, in more ways than one. She might wholeheartedly reject him, call him a hypocrite and leave him for good; or perhaps she will reciprocate. He hopes she will reciprocate. From what he saw in her bedroom the previous week he thinks she will reciprocate. “Alright,” he stands abruptly from the table, grabbing his coat and shrugging it on, “I’ll go speak to her. See you guys tomorrow night.” He doesn't spare them so much as a glance as he exits the bar, his thoughts flying at a mile a minute as he searches Finn’s address on his phone. -- I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots. Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold. We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver. -- Rey sits cross legged on Finn’s couch, absentmindedly doodling in the margin of one of her notebooks. She had been trying to do homework, Psych 101 to be specific, but, once again, she finds herself lost in thought. Wondering after her brother, both of her brothers. Are they well? Has Kylo been injured? Is Ben still hurting? She knows she shouldn't care whether Ben is facing emotional turmoil or not. He’s the one who had hurt her. The implications of their final confrontation had cut so deep she can still feel the way the hurts crisscross over her soul. But she worries over him still; her big brother, one of two. She loves them both, she thinks. Now that she truly knows them both, these two fundamentally different human beings, she feels a deep seated longing in her chest. But Kylo had left, and he seems content not to return; he won't even call. And Ben, as far as she can tell, thinks her disgusting for her perversion . He would never return her love. He’s not broken they was she and Kylo are. He’s not caught on a perpetual treadmill, running and running but going nowhere. He's handsome, and successful, and probably quite tired of having to clean up the messes his siblings leave behind. She snuggles her wool blanket around herself, not minding the itchiness of it. Her mother had knitted it for her fifteenth birthday, one of the summers they had spent at that quaint little house, saying she would need it for the cold European winter. She longs for her mother's comfort now, the gentle but firm embrace of a woman she isn't quite sure she knew. The front door opens, Finn is home. She gets up to greet him, taking a large bag of groceries from his arms so he can remove his jacket and scarf. “I bought a frozen pizza for dinner tonight,” he says as he hangs up his garments, “Poe’s coming over later to watch Breaking Bad.” “I can leave you two alone if you want,” she responds, beginning to unpack the frozen goods and house them in the freezer; she thinks there's something going on between the two of them, though neither of them will admit it. She's seen the way they look at each other when one thinks the other isn't paying attention. “No, it's cool. I'd hate to kick you out.” He says, and she can practically hear the flush in his cheeks. She chuckles, “It's fine Finn, I’ve been mooching off of you for an entire week; the least I can do is give you some space .” She winks. He coughs, embarrassed, “Alright, w-whatever you say.” Rey is on her way to leave, planning on going to the library, or maybe some small boutiques to look around before they close. She has just stepped from the apartment door, letting in close gently behind her, when he steps up the final stair. Ben. He looks like shit. Like he hasn't slept in a week. She considers fleeing back to Finn’s apartment; but she doesn't want to have to explain this to him, the truth. He’d pushed so hard for the truth before, she doesn't think she can lie to him again. So she shoves past Ben without a word; making sure to slam her shoulder into his own. “Wait.” He says and catches her wrist in a large soft hand, his eyes are desperate. She rips her hand away from him and continues down the stairs, out the glass panel doors and into the cold air. She crosses her arms over her chest, pulling her fleece closer. “Please, Rey!” He follows her at a distance, “Sweetheart, please; I just want to talk.” She hates how much he sounds like Kylo when he calls her sweetheart. “Fuck off Ben!” She turns on him, lashing out like a snake with her words. “You've made it quite clear what you think of me, how little you respect me!” “No!” He shouts, then says more softly, “No, Rey… I didn't mean what I said. I never meant it, I was just…” She can see the conflict flicker over his features, he looks away from her; and she can't tell if his cheeks are red from the cold or flushed with insecurity. “You were just what, Ben?” She asks, taking a step closer to him, looking directly into his dark eyes. She places a hand against his chest, splaying her fingers over the woolen surface. “I…” He breaks eye contact and looks at anything but her, “Have dinner with me?” He asks suddenly, seemingly surprising himself nearly as much as he surprises Rey. “Come to dinner with me,” he’s looking at her again, gaining confidence, “We need to talk...about us .” “Us?” He pushes a loose strand of hair from her face, tucking it behind her ear. His knuckle brushes her cheekbone and she shudders, “You can't tell me that you haven't felt it. This.” She cocks her head and examines him, he's barring himself to her, letting her see his deepest depths that he hides from all others; the part of him that hasn't seen the light since the day their parents died. “Okay.” “Okay?” “Let's have dinner.” -- They sit across from one another, they’re at an Italian place, Ben’s choice, he’d insisted upon the four star restaurant, despite their casual dress. Rey had protested, saying she couldn't dream of paying for such expensive food. Ben shrugged off her concerns, citing his doctor’s salary with a humble smirk. The table is candle lit, in a dark back room; a private one Ben had requested upon entrance, and must’ve been paying a fortune for. She sips a glass of wine, watching the way the flame dances in his pupils, highlighting the darkness of his irises. “I understand now,” Ben says gently, watching her drink, “I understand what you and Kylo had, how you fell into it.” “Doesn't it bother you,” She asks, “That you forced us apart?” “I never meant to hurt you,” he says, “Either of you.” Their food arrives, carried by a well dressed waitress. The portions are small, not large enough to truly leave anyone feeling full. “But you did,” she responds once the waitress has gone, “And now…” “Now I understand. Kylo loved--loves--you.” “And where does that leave us, Ben?" “I’m in love with you, Rey.” He says once they have finished their meal. She watches him, his mannerisms, the way he twists his watch on his wrist. Her big brother, her Ben. “Let’s go home.” -- They collapse onto the bed together, a tangle of limbs and lips and an explosion of repressed emotion. He holds her with all the tenderness one would a child, but he kisses her with the ferocity of a man starved. Nipping and licking and sighing against her mouth. She runs delicate fingers through his hair, alabaster skin contrasting beautifully with ebon silk. “I love you,” he whispers against her throat as he kisses his heart into her skin, “Little sister…” She pulls him back to her lips and kisses him roughly while she pushes at his button up. He takes her wrists in one large hand and holds them to her chest, pulling away and looking her in the eye; “Are you sure?” He traces the curve of her cheek with his knuckles as he asks. “Yes, please…” She kisses him tentatively then pulls back to regain eye contact, “Make love to me, Ben.” They strip each other of their clothing, piece by piece; taking time to admire each newly exposed strip of skin, each curve of wiry muscle. When he unclasps her bra she doesn't feel the insecurity she thinks she should; instead she only watches in fascination as he cautiously palms one of her breasts, kneading it gently, carefully. He lowers his lips back to her own, kissing her deeply before he begins the trek down the column of her throat, to the jut of her collarbone, the curve of her breast. He laves at one pert rosy nipple, then the other, sucking until she gasps with pleasure and tugs at his hair. They kiss again, passionately, a clash of tongues and teeth. All that separates them now is her underwear; already soaked with her desire. He pulls away and bumps his nose against her own, nuzzling her and asking her permission at the same time. She bites her lip and nods to him. Please. He carefully tugs the offending article down her thighs, then tosses it away with the rest of their clothing. They stare at one another for a long moment. Finally completely bared. Her eyes trace over the smoothness of his skin, the lean muscle that runs over the entirety of his body. He slowly nudges her hips with his own, urging her to spread her legs; she eagerly obliges, welcoming him into the apex of her body. He is gentle as he presses the head of his member to her dampened slit, looking to her the entire time for any sign of hesitation. “Please, Benny,” she whimpers. He shudders at the sound of his childhood nickname, rolling off her lips like a prayer, and slides home. He hilts himself inside of her, grunting as she clasps and adjusts around him. She wraps her legs around his waist and pulls him as deeply into her as he can possibly go, wraps her arms around his broad shoulders and nips at the crook of his neck. He thrusts slowly at first, making sure that she isn't experiencing any discomfort, then he begins to pick up the pace; setting one of deep slow thrusts that leave the both of them gasping at the depth he reaches. She runs her hands down his back, feeling his muscles tensing and relaxing with each powerful movement of his hips. “Ben,” she whispers against the shell of his ear, “Big brother…” He begins to thrust more quickly, her body reacting in turn by clasping more tightly; intent to hold him within her and never let him go. They are both teetering on the razor thin edge, both desperately trying to hold on and prolong this intimacy. In the end it is Rey who goes first, whimpering into her brother’s damp skin, holding him deep within her with her strong lithe legs around his hips. She clasps and milks his sensitive flesh and he follows with a groan that makes her shudder; coming inside her in heavy hot spurts. She can feel each one as it meets its mark in her body, feeding the aftershocks of her orgasm. They lay together in the post coital haze, running their hands over each other's sweat dampened bodies. “I love you too, Ben.” She whispers against his chest. He nuzzles against her hair. They hold one another into the night, and when the sun rises the next day, everything has changed. -- While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof. A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts. My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi. -- 3,000 miles away shells rain down from the sky. Notes: Please Kudos and Comment! I read and respond to every one! Chapter 4 : Song 4 Notes: Enjoy :p (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots. -- (Two Months Later - Rey aged 20, Twins aged 31) He doesn't remember it having been like this his first time; so gritty and bloody. The world is a collage of crimson and gray and brown. Sand catches in his eyes and scrapes the back of his lids as he desperately tries to blink it away. He isn't quite sure what happened, why he is lying here, looking up into a cloud of ash and smoke. Everything seems to be submerged in some deep invisible liquid that dulls the sound of the world around him; except for the ringing inside of his head, that is sharp and shrill and unaffected by this strange haze. Faint yells and crashes manage to penetrate his reverie. But he doesn't mind them much, they sound so far away. He thinks of Rey, her hair, her eyes, the way she fits so wonderfully into his side while they sleep. He misses her more than anything else, more than his bike, more than beer, even more than hot food--which isn't common where he is now. And where is he now? He thinks he's being moved, though he isn't sure by who, or why they have him thrown over their shoulder. He's tired, so very tired. He just wants to sleep. He dreams of her; they are sprawled across a canopied bed, sheer white curtains cascade around them like alabaster waterfalls. It's so light here, in this place; the sun catches beautifully across Rey’s skin; sweat dampened, he thinks. They’re naked, and she's lying across his chest with her arms wrapped snugly around his narrow hips. Her lips are half pressed against his left pectoral, a tiny smirk adorning her peaceful face. He runs his palms over the curve of her ass, up and to the junctions of her hips and waist. He rubs tiny circles into her skin with the pads of his thumbs, and presses a gentle kiss to her hair. “It's time to wake up, brother.” She whispers against his skin; her breath is cold, ice on his damp skin. Why? “I am awake,” he murmurs; his fingers still at her sides. Something isn't right. She rises up onto her elbows and crawls up so her eyes are aligned with his own; “Wake up.” She says, smiles, then pecks a kiss onto the tip of his nose. She falls away into dust, passing through his grasping finger and blowing away in an icy gust of wind. Is a window open? No. Something is very wrong. The canopy bed is suddenly a pile of bloodied blankets and the pillow beneath his head disappears entirely. His world speeds up tenfold, their are people rushing around him where he lays; orders being shouted from one person to the next. The speech is far to garbled and fast for him to understand. He’s not sure it's even English. He looks up to the ‘ceiling’, if it can be called that. It's fabric, he thinks, waving above his head at uneven intervals. It flutters with every bang from outside. He tries to sit up, only to find that his left leg won't move. He wonders if he's been paralyzed. Someone must have noticed his struggle, there are unfamiliar hands holding him to the bed by his shoulders. A face appears beside his own. The man speaks in clear and concise English despite the Iraqi accent; “You are going to be okay. We are airlifting you and the others out of here.” “W-what…?” Kylo shakes his head, desperate to clear the last of the haze from his thoughts. There is another explosion from outside and the man rushes from his side and beyond his field of vision. -- A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts. -- Hours pass between them like minutes; sand sifting between spread fingers. Days of secrecy turn to weeks, which turn to months. They’ve fallen into the most wonderful kind of monotony; the monotony that follows the blazing inferno of new love as it simmers into glowing, eternally hot coals. Ben moves over her now, buried to the hilt in his younger sister’s tight pussy. She whimpers like a whore and buries her face into his shoulder, running her hands over the rippling muscles of his back. “Ben, Ben, Ben!” She chants his name over and over again as he rocks into her, he silences her with a kiss; deep and passionate. Their tongues dance and their teeth clash as they work their lips against one another's; he begins to pick up the pace of his thrusts, working her through and through with each sharp movement of his hips. His knuckles are white with the strength of his grip on the sheets. “So good, Rey.” He pants against her throat as he works a hickey into her delicate skin. “I'm close,” she gasps, “Please just a little--ahh--j-just a little ha-harder, Ben!” Her fingernails dig into his shoulder blades and he bites down hard on his lip. He rocks backwards, until just the head of his swollen cock is pressed into her tight body, then rocks forward roughly, fully sheathing himself again. She moans at the feeling of his heavy sack slapping against her as he sets a brutal pace. “Fuck, Ben! Please!” She howls as she desperately tries to meet him thrust for thrust, “Please, big brother! It--ahn--it's so good!” She spasms around him as she falls into her orgasm. Each contraction of her muscles holding his thick cock deep inside of her body. He groans and buries his face against her shoulder as his balls tighten against his body; he gives one final deep thrust into her before he unleashes a torrent of white hot semen into his sister. She tightens her legs around his waist at the warm sensation in her core. They lay there for a moment, holding one another. A sliver of the early morning sun’s bright light shines over their skin through an opening in their blinds. “I love you,” Rey says as she nuzzles her nose against Ben’s. He smiles and rolls them so she lays atop his chest. He runs his hands over the smooth skin of her back, marveling at the beauty of her. “I love you, too.” He responds in kind. They kiss chastely then Rey rolls out of the bed landing smoothly on her feet. “I have class.” She states simply as she gathers clothing into her arms. Ben glances at their alarm clock, it's only nine. “Not for another hour,” he complains and reaches for her. She dodges his grasp and chuckles, “That may be, but I have to shower. I smell like sex.” When he reaches the next time she lets him catch her hand. He runs his thumb over her knuckles. “I like the smell of our sex.” He comments. “I do too, but I doubt my classmates would agree.” She scrunches her nose at him then skips from the bedroom down the hall to the bathroom. Ben watches her go with lust glazed eyes. He’ll never grow tired of watching her supple ass sway as she walks. After spending a few more minutes lying in bed, he decides to join her in the shower. He doesn't bother with clothing for the short walk to the bathroom. He enters as quietly as possible, suppressing a cough at the wall of steam that meets him. He can see her silhouette through the shower curtain. Feminine and seductive, like something out of an old cartoon. She gasps when he opens the curtain behind her and steps in, turning on him with a frown. Her hair is full of suds from her shampoo. He pulls her against his massive frame, taking pleasure in the way he dwarfs her. “Thought I might join you,” he smirks at her, “No worries about the smell if we do it in here, right?” She rolls her eyes and turns around in his embrace, facing the shower head and continuing to work the lather of her shampoo into her scalp. “Your refractory time is that good? I hadn't noticed.” He frowns at her and presses his growing hardon roughly against the curve of her ass. She gasps. “Tell me again about my refractory time?” He tongues the shell of her ear as he says it, then tilts her head toward him and mouths the curve of her jaw. She bites her lip and moans, “Fuck, Benny…” He lifts one of her legs carefully, and she leans into the tiled wall. He slides home with ease, grunting. He can feel his spend from earlier and knows this won't last long. She whimpers as he penetrates her, still sore from their earlier exploits. She can feel every ridge and vein of his thick cock as he works in and out of her. “Shit,” she hisses, “Ben…” His forehead falls to the crux of her shoulder. He takes it slowly this time, purposely drawing out the experience. His hand slides down her abdomen and his fingers find her clit, circling around the bundle of nerves with slow deliberate strokes. She bites her lip and leans back into him, whimpering all the while. She's already so close. They both come quietly. Ben moaning into Rey’s damp shoulder, and Rey into the open air of the shower. Ben leaves Rey to clean herself after that, not wanting to make her late for class. The past few months had been a blur of sex and lust and love. They have been forced to keep to the shadows, though. There are too many people who know them here, no matter how large the city may be, the consequences of being caught are too great. Ben had begun to research legal loopholes in his spare time, along with states that are lenient towards incestuous relationships. Incest. The word makes him shudder. It feels far too dirty to describe what he feels for his sister. He loves her like he has never loved anything before; her beauty and kindness and bravery, every curve and bend and scar; he loves all of it. How could such a sincere powerful feeling be punishable under the law? What right does anyone else have to judge them? In a world where half of marriages end in divorce, where people marry for money and political power; how could he be condemned for loving someone so entirely? He has started applying for positions out of state, and even out of country; he’s spoken to Rey about it, and moving may be their only option. They need to get far away if they want to continue as they are. But Rey doesn’t want to leave until she knows Kylo will be okay, that he won’t come back to New York to find that they have disappeared without so much as a word. It puts Ben on edge, her remaining loyalty to their brother; and yet he understands. He doesn’t want to abandon Kylo either, he wants his brother to come home safely just as much as Rey does; but he also knows that Rey’s affection runs far deeper than familial love; she had been with Kylo first, and part of her still loves him deeply. Ben fears that if, when , his brother returns, Rey will run back into his waiting arms; but he won’t force her to leave. He can’t cope with causing her any more unhappiness than he already has. Speaking of Kylo, Ben hasn’t heard from his twin since the night Rey answered the phone. There has been radio silence for well over two months now, and it is unnerving. Ben scrolls through his contacts at the thought of his brother, he is sitting on the couch in the living area, with only a towel wrapped around his waist. His thumb hovers over the call button, he knows Kylo can only call when he’s at base, but maybe he could leave a message. He locks his phone hurriedly when he hears the bathroom door unlock, and smells the sweetness of Rey’s shampoo permeate the apartment. She strides down the hall, her damp hair tied back in a loose ponytail. She is dressed for chilly weather, a fleece hoodie over a long sleeved shirt accompanied by jeans and a worn pair of Ugg boots. “I’m running late thanks to you,” she grumbles as he rises from the sofa and plants kisses along her jawline, “Don’t you have something better to do than harass your sister?” She jokingly swats his hands away from her hips. “Nothing’s more important than you, sweetheart.” He presses a kiss to her hair and lets her go, returning to the damp spot he’d left on the couch. “I’ll be back by four,” she says, “I might go out to a late lunch with Finn.” “Alright. I love you.” “Love you too.” She says as she walks out the door. -- He wakes in a sterile white room. The gentle whirring of technology nearly puts him back to sleep, but he fights through it. He clasps and unclasps his hands against rough sheets on a flat, uncomfortable bed. He wonders where he is, why he is here. He tries to wet his chapped lips with his tongue, only to find his mouth is bone dry. “H-!” He attempts to call for help, but his voice comes out weak and raspy. It feels like someone has taken a cheese grater to his throat, like he hasn’t had a drink of water in days. He attempts to stand, only to find an IV buried in the flesh of his arm, and oxygen tubes feeding into his nostrils. They restrain him enough to keep him down. So he’s in a hospital. He wonders if he's back in the states, or if they just took him to the nearest city. He could be in Europe too, it all depends on the extent of his injuries. He feels fine, save for a headache and a sharp pain in his left knee. He presses the red call button that lays next to him; and waits with relative disease for a moment, until he makes a horrifying realization. Under the sheet, where his left leg should be, there is nothing; from the knee down the linen tapers back out onto flat, hard mattress. He tears at the sheet wildly, suddenly acutely aware of the pain in his leg, and the lack of sensation where there should have been something; anything . He manages to push them off of him, piling them at the foot of the bed, and finds himself faced with nothing. Nothing . From just above where his knee should be down to where his toes should be there is absolutely nothing. His breath quickens and so does his heartbeat, represented by one of the many machines currently wired to his body. It's incessant beeping picks up to a wild pace, and it emits a shrill alarm as he begins to panic. He claws at the sterile white bandages wrapped around the stump of his leg, but hands are on him before he can remove them. Someone is speaking to him in a masculine voice, accented; somewhere in the back of his panicked mind he designates the accent as German. The hands, multiple sets, hold him to the bed while the voices soothe him, attempt to pull him from his near animalistic fear. His leg is gone. “Now you match, inside and out.” A dark voice whispers at his ear. It’s a voice he has so nearly forgotten over the years. He thought he might’ve escaped it; the low, lisping growl, the thin pale lips; cracked and chapped, that whistley laugh that grates on his mind with hard, curved claws. He wants to die. He tells the hospital staff as much once he has reached some semblance of calm; “Just kill me.” He rasps out to a nurse who offers him a styrofoam cup filled with water. Her eyes go wide; “You will be going home soon mister Solo, we are just keeping you here until transport has been arranged.” He was right about the German accent; though this is a different person than before. He takes the water and drinks it begrudgingly, her total avoidance of his statement irritates him beyond reason. He knows that no one in their right mind would lead on such horrible thoughts, and yet he desperately wants these people to acknowledge him, offer him a way out. The pain meds make him drowsy. Within moments of drinking the water he has slipped into darkness again. He finds out on his way to the transport plane--in one of his brief fits of wakefulness--that his injuries had extended far beyond just his leg and a concussion; he had sustained extensive internal injuries and had nearly bled out before they reached the field hospital where emergency surgery had been performed, only patching the worst of his wounds. Then the field hospital had been blown to shreds. That’s when he’d lost his leg, they told him. It had been trapped beneath a piece of debris; his comrades had chosen to take the leg to save his life. They had done it with an axe; it was the only option they had available. After that he had been airlifted to Germany, where doctors had performed multiple procedures to save his life; stitching internal injuries and saving the rest of his leg from the infection that had already begun to set in. He’d nearly gone into sepsis. He doesn’t pay any mind when the men around him start whispering about contacting the family; they have him hooked up to another IV drip, and he readily embraces the morphine induced sleep. He only really understands the true severity of his situation when he wakes again. Hours later. Days later. He doesn’t know. He only knows that Rey is standing in the doorway of his hospital room, with one hand gripping the door frame like it's the only thing holding her to the Earth, that she’s crying, and she’s never looked more beautiful. -- It’s two when Rey gets the call. She’s eating lunch with Poe and Finn at a small street cafe, and she drops her sandwich at Ben’s grave words. “Kylo was wounded, he’s at the hospital right now.” She’s never moved so fast in her life; Poe agrees to stay and get the bill while Finn rushes with her to the hospital. She’s sobbing the entire time; she doesn’t care if Finn sees, she doesn’t care what he thinks. Kylo is hurt. Her big brother is hurt. The man she loves is hurt. Maybe Finn thinks it’s simple sisterly concern, maybe he’s caught on to their true relationship. She’s never cared less. When she bursts through the doors of the ER Ben is waiting for her by the front desk. He wordlessly motions for her to follow him back through a set of heavy steel doors and into the bowels of the ICU. “He’s stable for now.” Ben says as they walk briskly through sterile white halls, he’s holding a clipboard and a chart in his hands, reading over it as they go, “He suffered severe internal injuries, which they patched up when he spent a day in a German hospital; he also had his leg amputated in the field. Now the only fear is infection. It appeared that a resistant strain of MRSA had colonized one of his wounds, we’re monitoring that and keeping him on an aggressive course of antibiotics. He’s also on powerful pain medications, he may not be very responsive, he hasn’t even recognized me yet.” By the time Ben has finished briefing her, they have reached room which houses Kylo. She’s about to push past the door when Ben stops her and hands her a surgical mask and a pair of latex gloves. “And Rey,” he adds, “He’s going to be an emotional train wreck, alright? I know it’s hard, but we have to be strong for him.” Rey nods and dons the articles he gave her, Finn denies the set Ben offers him with a wave of his hand. “I’m going to let you go in alone, Rey. This is family stuff, I don’t want to intrude.” She is about to protest when she catches Ben’s eyes; he agrees with Finn, she can tell. So she steps inside and closes the door behind her without another word. She chokes back a sob at the sight of him; He is pale and there are dark, bruise-like circles under his eyes. His breathing is deep and even; she takes that to be a good sign. Her tears are those of joy, joy at having her brother back, joy at having her lover back; but they are also that of fear, fear that she might lose him, fear that she has already lost him. She grips the doorframe with one gloved hand for support; she feels like she might collapse. He opens his dark eyes and looks at her, through his drug induced haze he manages to murmur her name; “Rey…” He raises a hand off the bed like he’s trying to reach for her, and she rushes to his side grabbing his large hand in both of her own; running her gloved digits over his pale calloused skin. His knuckles are covered in new scars, white, and puckered, and crisscrossing once soft skin. “I’m here.” She says through her tears, the lump in her throat nearly prevents her from speaking. How she has missed this man. They spend the day like that, Rey sitting at Kylo’s bedside, his hand gripped tightly in her own. They don’t talk much, Kylo sleeps most of the time; but neither of them mind so long as they remain in each others company. Rey begins a new routine the next day. She wakes up, readies herself then rushes straight to the hospital. She eats breakfast there, picking up cheap pastries from a mini mart in the lobby. She spends the few morning hours she has with Kylo before she rushes to class, where she sits through hour-after-sluggish-hour of lectures. She twiddles her thumbs and bides her time until the clock strikes three, then she rushes back to the hospital and stays with her brother until long past sunset. Ben stops by on his lunch hour and various breaks throughout the day, but otherwise he makes himself scarce, stopping only for a few minutes at a time and keeping the conversation light. Rey knows he’s trying to avoid what he thinks is inevitable; that she’ll leave him to go with Kylo when this is all over. But where would they go? Kylo needs both of his remaining family members by his side now. Soon he’ll have to learn to walk again, and readjust to civilian life. No, even if she wanted to, she wouldn’t leave Ben; Kylo needs him, and so does she. And she isn’t entirely sure what to make of her life now. She loves Kylo dearly, and she loves Ben equally. She doesn’t want to choose between the two of them, to force them apart. They are brothers, and she won’t stand between them. -- Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love. Notes: Maybe two more chapters left? Perhaps three? Please comment, I love reading them and I respond to them all! Chapter 5 : Song 5 Notes: Multiple warnings for this chapter; PTSD and all of the symptoms thereof, mention of rape, mention of child abuse, and mention of self harm/suicide. Strap in folks, this is a rough one. AKA; Our trio plays the blame game this chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept. -- (Two days before Kylo’s hospital discharge - Rey aged 20, Twins aged 31) Ben stood in the hallway outside of Kylo’s room, he was speaking to Hux, one of the licensed psychiatrists on the floor; and one of his dearest friends. “He may seem fine now, Ben. But readjusting to civilian life isn’t easy for anyone,” Hux said, “And he’s lost his leg, which adds an entirely new layer of anguish and adjustment to his circumstances. Right now I’m not seeing any apparent sign of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, but that could very easily change once he has left such a controlled environment and his pain medications have been reduced. Keep an eye on him, watch for any odd behaviors; bouts of rage, isolation, hyper-vigilance; the earlier we begin treatment for any such disorders the better.” “Alright, thank you Hux. It means more than you can imagine that you agreed to do hid eval. Neither Rey nor I would have wanted anyone else to do it.” Ben thanked him with all of the sincerity he can muster, he hadn’t been sleeping well. Hux nodded and shook Ben’s hand, “Of course, Solo. He’s lucky to have the two of you, by the way. I know you’ll take care of him. For many others in his position, well, I’m afraid I couldn’t say the same.” Ben thanked him again and Hux waved him off, stalking off down the hallway with his usual catlike grace. Ben peaked through the window at his brother in sister in the room beyond, Rey was sitting by Kylo’s bedside at which she had been a near permanent fixture since his arrival nearly two weeks before. It had been just two days prior that he had been cleared of the MRSA infection, and just earlier that day that he had been fitted for his prosthetic. The only time he had been truly responsive and open was when Rey was in the room, otherwise he responded to the questions of hospital staff with one word answers and grunts. That was concerning, Ben thought; Kylo still begin so clearly in love with Rey. It made him think Hux was entirely wrong, that Kylo was worse off with the two of them for siblings; they had betrayed him. He and Rey had been dancing around the subject for nearly two weeks now; both of them providing excuse after excuse; he had work, she had school, they were never home at the same time, he couldn’t leave during his lunch break because of ‘paperwork’. They hadn’t yet laid out a plan, hadn’t decided where their relationship, or Rey and Kylo’s relationship, was headed. And, no matter how hard he may have tried to convince himself otherwise, he knew that Rey and Kylo most certainly still had a relationship. Rey had never stopped loving the man, she had never stopped thinking of him, even during the best days with Ben she would still cry out for his twin in her sleep. And it was clear now that Kylo still loved her, from the way he held her hand and would tuck stray hairs behind her ear, from the way he would clutch her to his chest when she crawled up beside him in the bed when they thought no one was watching. Ben was always watching. Part of him understood, but another part of him loathed the both of them for it. He knew in the end, when prompted with a choice, Rey would choose Kylo, her first love; and now something broken to fix. That’s what all women loved, wasn’t it? Mending the broken man with their love. She hadn’t so much as looked him in the eye since Kylo had returned, and every waking moment when she wasn’t at school was spent by his side; touching him, whispering into his ear, kissing him . Ben sucked in a breath to calm himself and stepped into the room. He pretended not to notice the way Rey sprang back from the bedside and crossed her arms over her chest. “We’re looking to discharge you sometime in the next two or three days here, brother,” he plastered a fake smile onto his features, “We’ve got some paperwork to get started on. How’s the leg fit?” His gaze darted to the odd shape on the left side of the bed. Kylo frowned, “It’s...wrong.” “It’ll just take some getting used to,” Rey piped up, “That’s what the physical therapy is for.” She swatted at Kylo’s shoulder and he smirked at her. Ben thought he might scream. -- By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. -- Rey spent every moment she possibly could by her brother’s side. She had missed him more than she has thought possible. Once he had been cleared of MRSA, and masks and gloves were no longer required, and if she were certain that Ben and the hospital staff were occupied, she would crawl up into the bed beside Kylo and press kisses to his throat, whisper in his ear how much she loved him. She’d trace his scars, old ones that she was familiar with, and new ones that he had acquired in their time apart. She wished she could will them away, along with all of the horrible memories associated with each one, with just a brush of her fingertips or her lips, and she would tell him as much. “No,” he would say through a cracked, dry throat, “No, I need them. They’re reminders of what I’ve had to endure.” She would cry then, when he said those things; she blamed herself partially, for letting him go in Hawaii, and for doing what she had done with Ben. But she couldn't hate Ben, she loved him too. If living with him for this long, loving him for this long, had taught her anything, it was that her brothers may have looked alike, but they were very different people; and she loved them both wholly, irreversibly. One couldn't serve as a stand in for the other. But she knew they wouldn't understand that, and she couldn't stand between the two of them. To stand between two brothers was one of the worst sins she could imagine. She resolved in that moment to never come between them. And so her affection towards both of her brothers, beyond that of a worried sister, promptly ceased. -- They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night. -- (Present - Rey aged 20, Twins aged 31) Kylo has been home for three days, three agonizing days. He knows that something is off, Ben is ignoring him religiously; only interacting with his brother when it is absolutely unavoidable. Rey is acting the nurse, caring for him constantly. They had rented a car to take him to and from his many specialist and physical therapy appointments that they all know will follow in the next few months; it had been Rey’s idea, she knew he would hate for others to see him so ‘compromised’, even people he didn’t know that rode the metro or buses. Until his final few days in the hospital Rey had been incredibly affectionate towards him, she would curl into his side when they were alone, card her fingers through his hair, pepper kisses over his face and neck. Then suddenly, two days before they let him go, it had all stopped. She had still spent time with him, but she had been hesitant to touch him. He wonders now, after five full days of this treatment, if it has something to do with Ben; the two of them have been dancing around each other just as much as they’ve been dancing around him. Or maybe she’s simply decided she doesn’t want a pathetic, weak, broken thing like him. The night they had arrived home was when he caught the first hint that something was wrong, Ben and Rey had both been acting quite strange when the topic of sleeping assignments had come up; Kylo had expected to be allotted the couch, since the apartment only had two bedrooms. When he had mentioned it both of his siblings had begun to cast sideways glances at one another and shifted uncomfortably, leaning apart. He had ignored it then, but now he doesn’t think he can anymore; Ben is at work, and Rey is in the bathroom readying herself for class. Kylo is sitting on the couch, lounging in a pair of sweatpants, when he hears her phone go off, the text-tone she had set specifically to Ben’s number when they had still lived in Hawaii. He can’t resist the urge to reach for it, considering how oddly his brother and sister have been acting. He chuckles when he easily bypasses the lockscreen. She hasn’t changed her password since Hawaii either; his baby sister is still the same, no matter how much he might’ve changed. His smirk falls from his face almost immediately when he sees the message from Ben; We can’t keep putting this off Rey. We need to talk. What are they putting off? He begins to scroll up through their previous conversations, his gut sinking all the while. More than once he sees the phrase ‘I love you’ sent by either one of them, usually preceded by, ‘I want you’ or ‘I miss you’. He can feel his face growing red, heat an anger rising off of his skin in sheets. He shoves himself off of the couch, intending to throw the damned phone across the room; only he stumbles and falls on his bum leg, not used to the plastic and metal where flesh once was. He shouts when he hits the floor, and hisses as every tender wounded part of him seems to throb at once; he’s never felt so pathetic and helpless as he does now. He’s a crippled and broken thing, he thinks. Of course she wouldn’t want him, of course she’d prefer the healthy and stable alternative. White hot tears stream down his cheeks as he struggles to pull himself back onto the sofa. He can’t even flee on his stupid fucking prosthetic, he can barely stand up without assistance. He collapses back onto the floor and swipes at the tears on his face; he wishes they’d just have let him die back on the battlefield, that they’d let him go a whole man who still clung to the vestiges of a lover waiting rather than let him become this whimpering sniveling thing. He drops the phone and reaches for his non-leg instead; unable to think about anything but wanting it gone. He tears the thing away from his still tender, new flesh and chucks it at the wall with all of his might, screaming with frustration all the while. Rey is at his side then, wrapped in a towel and still dripping wet from her shower. She lays one hand over her mouth as she takes in the scene before her, then she falls to her knees beside him. Her eyes catch on the phone, laying on the floor a few feet away from Kylo, and they shoot wide. He can tell she knows what he has discovered. “Did you do it on purpose?” He croaks, “Did you and Ben plan it? Send me off to war so you could be with him? Make me feel like a sick fucking monster so you could be together?!” He manages to force himself up with one arm and take her wrist with his other hand, tugging her closer so he can look into her eyes, “Did you want me to die, huh? Did you think I wouldn’t come back? Well I’m here now, Rey! I’m here and I’ve lost everything!” He knows that what he says can’t possibly be true, and yet there is an inkling of doubt gnawing at the back of his war torn mind. Rey, who had been reaching for him, pulls away like she’s been burned. “I…” She trails off and looks away from him, tears welling in her eyes. His rage flares again. How dare she pity him. Does she see him for the pathetic, writhing child he has become? “Don’t you fucking cry,” he snarls at her, “You don’t have the right!” His grip on her tightens and she tries to pull away, but he won’t let her. “Kylo,” she sobs, “Please, you’re hurting me!” “I did what I thought was best for you, and then you go and fuck our brother! You never loved me! You never fucking cared!” He shoves her away from him, not caring when she slams into the couch with a cry. He throws his arm over his eyes and desperately tries to suppress his own sobs; he’s never wanted to die so badly in his life, if he had a leg he’d end it himself, but he’s such a grotesque foul thing that he can’t even stand to get his own knife. He barely notices when Rey flees the room. He doesn’t care, he tells himself, not really. Only he does care, and he is so alone. He slams his fist into the wooden leg of the couch, over and over again until his knuckles split, and then he strikes it more. He doesn’t care that he’s staining the carpet, or that he can hear Rey speaking panickedly on the phone in the other room. He doesn’t care when he begins to feel lightheaded from the pain of his torn flesh, or that he can’t reach his prosthetic, or that he can’t even stand without assistance. He doesn’t care that Rey has moved on, that she doesn’t need him like he does her, that his own brother has betrayed him and taken the one good thing he had once possessed in this life, he doesn’t care. He doesn’t care. He. Does. Not. Care. He falls away into some sort of ethereal haze; flashes of memories playing out across his eyes. He can feel Han’s hand ruffling his hair, Leia kissing a skinned knee, his brother and he laughing themselves silly on so many christmas mornings; when had that all gone away? When had he lost that precious version of himself? When had he and Ben become so different from one another? They were twins, they were meant to be alike, and yet they had turned out so different. Ben was a doctor who helped and healed, while all Kylo was capable of doing was taking and destroying. Of course Rey would choose Ben over him, of course. But when had he become such a mewling, broken thing? Cold, papery fingers brushed delicately over his cheek. If he were older, he would’ve known it wasn’t love. Kylo howls. The hands touched him and felt him in ways he knew were wrong, but he couldn’t cry for help. Those same hands held weapons and money and power; they had told him so. They had also told him how they could hurt his brother, his parents, and the baby; but then they had coddled him, and told him that they loved him as they did unspeakable things to him. And so he had associated love with pain. And that is what his love for Rey has become; terrible, unyielding pain. -- Ben calls off work for the rest of the day after Rey’s phone call. She hadn’t given him much, only told him that their brother had acted violently towards her, and that she thought he was trying to hurt himself. He catches taxi which takes fifteen minutes to get back to the apartment in the morning traffic. When he arrives he shoves through the door with near violence, and calls to his siblings immediately. “Rey! Kylo!” “In here! Ben please!” Rey calls out from the living area, she sounds panicked. When Ben enters what he finds his horrifying; Rey is kneeling next to their brother, trying to roll him onto his side as he seizes wildly on the floor, there’s blood spattered across the carpet and Kylo’s prosthetic is gone. Ben shoves his phone at Rey and rolls up his shirtsleeves, moving to his twin’s side. “Call 911,” he says urgently, “Tell the operator he’s having a seizure and that he has had multiple surgeries recently, go to the bathroom and read off all of the meds he’s on to them. I’ll do what I can in here.” Rey does as she’s told without question, rushing to the restroom while dialing emergency services. Ben carefully turns his brother onto his side so any fluid will drain from his mouth. After that all he can do is sit and watch as his brother struggles for what seems like hours. Though, in truth, it only takes another thirty seconds for the convulsions to subside; Ben notes this, and tucks it into the back of his mind for when the EMTs arrive. He watches as Kylo slowly comes back into consciousness, but when he tries to sit up Ben presses a gentle hand to his shoulder. “Stay down, Kylo.” He commands, albeit gently, “You just had a seizure, we called an ambulance; they’ll be here soon.” Kylo tenses and glares at him, though he still seems dazed he manages out a quiet and threatening, “I hate you.” “What?” “I said; I. Hate. You.” Kylo manages to get up on his one knee and his stump far too quickly for someone who has just come out of a seizure; he grabs Ben by his shirt collar, shaking all the while. He’s still so weak. “You fucking hypocrite.” He collapses backwards again, and Ben catches him, wide eyed and at a loss for words. Kylo knows, he fucking knows about everything that has transpired in the last few months. It’s then that Rey rushes past them and to the door, letting the EMTs come in with a stretcher. They ask all of the typical questions as they load him onto the gurney; had he fallen? Was he previously ill? They confirmed all of his medications and then departed, taking Kylo with them. Rey called over their shoulders that the two of them would follow shortly. The door closes and the two of them are left alone. Ben clenches and unclenches his fists as he thinks, Rey senses his unease and begins to scrub at the floor with a wet towel; trying to pull up as much of the blood as she can before it dries. “We should call an u--” “Rey.” He cuts her off, she freezes at the rage in his voice, “What did you tell him?” “Wha--?” “Don’t play dumb with me!” He snaps, “What did you fucking say to Kylo?” “I didn’t tell him anything! He--” “Don’t fucking lie to me,” he stands toe to toe with her, his face flushed red, his eyes bloodshot. He can’t believe that after everything they’ve been through, she would have the audacity to lie about something so serious, “He knows Rey! He called me a hypocrite, he has to know! I sure as hell couldn’t have told him, I was at work all morning!” Rey is shaking. “Ben please, please listen to me. It was an accident, I didn’t mean to--” “How could this possibly have been an accident?! You told him because you want him to hate me, right? Because you wanted it to be easier for the two of you to leave me?!” He tries to grab her by her shoulders but she feints away from him. “Please just stop it Ben! You know that’s not true!” She begs him, but moves so that the couch is between the two of them. Ben shakes his head violently and turns from her, he can’t continue this conversation now; not with everything she’s already done. He draws in a labored breath through his teeth, “Just get to class Rey. We’ll figure this out later. I’ll worry about Kylo. You need to get your story straight while I’m gone.” He picks his phone up from where she’d dropped it on the couch. “If you’re going to lie,” he calls back over his shoulder as he shoves the door open, “At least learn to do it well.” It slams shut behind him. He pretends not to hear Rey scream. -- King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon. He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the midst thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem. -- Rey sobs into her hands, having fallen onto the floor the moment the door had shut behind Ben. This is all her fault, she thinks, all of it. If she hadn’t been such a whore, if she hadn’t pursued her brother who had been victimized in the past, if she hadn’t gone on to seduce his twin and tear the two of them away from each other; none of this would’ve happened She doesn’t know what to do, or who to call, or where to go. She can’t tell anyone of what she has done, slept with her own blood and then rended them apart from one another; the burden is hers alone to bear. All she knows is that she is the one who has hurt them, they’ve both made that abundantly clear within the past few hours. Their accusations still sting across her conscience. How could this possibly have been an accident?! You told him because you want him to hate me, right? Because you wanted it to be easier for the two of you to leave me? I did what I thought was best for you, and then you go and fuck our brother! You never loved me! You never fucking cared! She slams her fists over her ears as if to keep their voices at bay. She sobs until her eyes are swollen and no more tears will come, and then she sobs more; deep, heavy, dry sobs that use up every bit of air in her lungs and leave her gasping and clutching at her chest and throat. It seems to last for hours. Once she has exhausted herself, and finds herself sprawled across the bloody floor, staring up at the ceiling, counting every flaw in the alabaster paint, she formulates a plan of action. She manages to find it within herself to stand and go into her backpack. She pulls out a notebook and her favorite black ballpoint pen and begins to write; You’re right. This is all my fault. I’m so sorry that I’ve done this to the two of you; you’re brothers, you’re supposed to love one another more than anything else. And I’ve taken that from you. I’m leaving, don’t worry about where I’m going. I promise I’ll be safe. But I can’t stand to watch the two of you suffer because of me any longer. Everything that has happened over the past eight months has been my fault. I’m so sorry. Goodbye, Rey She places the sheet of paper on Ben’s pillow then goes to their shared desktop computer where she checks the Greyhound Bus schedule. She selects one that leaves in an hour without looking at the destination. She doesn’t care. All Greyhounds run long distance and that’s all that matters; that she can get away before she can do her brothers any more harm. She empties her school bag and replaces the books with a few scant belongings, along with some granola bars, an empty reusable water bottle, and twenty dollars cash. She knows she has a few hundred dollars saved up in her checking account, that should last her for a few weeks until she finds a new place to settle, she thinks. On her way out she stops by Ben’s bedroom door, remembering the leaf she had pressed all those months ago. She digs around in his closet until she finds the leaf, still pressed between the two sheets of wax paper. She tucks it into the single notebook still inside of her bag, and takes it with her. A reminder of happier times. She drops her apartment key on the kitchen table and then she leaves. She swipes at the fresh tears that roll down her face as she descends the stairs. She doesn’t look back. Notes: Please leave comments/kudos, I respond to all of them and they really do inspire me to write more. :D Life is a bit difficult for me at the moment, but this is serving as a healthy outlet. Tumblr; actualmongoose Chapter 6 : Song 6 Notes: I only scanned this before posting tbh. Edit 45 mins after posting; I alluded to Kylo's amputated limb as his arm instead of his leg. It has been corrected. Always proof read kids!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night. -- Ben slams his fist into the wall until his knuckles split and crimson stains the alabaster paint, dripping down the smooth surface and falling onto the note Rey had left for him to find. He crumples the thin paper in his bloodied fist and drops in back onto the pillow where he had found it. Kylo stands several feet behind him, his worried voice sounds like it’s a thousand miles away; he can barely make the words out beyond the ringing in his ears. It’s been nearly two days since they had left the apartment with the EMT’s. For two days Ben had refused to come home in his own stupid misplaced frustration. For two days he hadn’t bothered to check his phone. Rey had been alone that whole time. There’s no telling where she might have gone, where she could be now. Kylo reaches around him to grab the paper, but Ben stops him, grabbing hold of his brother’s wrist with his wounded hand. “Don’t read it.” He whispers, shaking his head back in forth, trying desperately to clear his thoughts. Kylo had experienced a non-epileptic seizure brought on by extreme emotional trauma; the doctors had said it was a one time thing, and sent him home with a referral to a therapist, but Ben can’t stand the idea of letting his brother suffer anymore. Kylo tugs away easily and turns his back to his twin, it takes him just a moment to absorb what the written on the paper, and another to fully comprehend it. He falls to his knees and presses his forehead to the wall. “Fuck!” He shouts, Ben lays a hand on his shoulder but he shakes it off, “Fuck, this is my fault. What I said to her…” Ben gulps and turns away, reaching into his pocket for his phone. He dials her number and is met with her voice mail immediately. He thinks he might be sick; of course Kylo had spoken cruel words to Rey, he had done the same to Ben once they reached the hospital. He had been justified in his anger towards them. But Ben, Ben remembers his own words to Rey; words that had been a projection of his own insecurities and guilt. How could this possibly have been an accident?! You told him because you want him to hate me, right? Because you wanted it to be easier for the two of you to leave me? She had needed his love and care more than ever in that moment of terror, and he had accused her of horrible things. He paces the kitchen as he frantically dials Poe Dameron’s cell number. He doesn’t know where Kylo is, or what he’s doing, but he doesn’t really care. All that matters is getting Rey back, safe and sound. “Hello?” Poe answers. “Hey, Poe, it’s Ben Solo,” He tries to keep the panic from coloring his voice, “Is Rey with you?” “No...Is everything alright? You sound terrible.” “I...She’s gone, Poe. She ran away after a fight we had a few days ago. Kylo and I just got home from the hospital and she’s gone.” He fights back a sob at the revelation. “What? Shit. Finn and I will go ask around campus right now, you two search the apartment and call the police. Call me once you’ve finished and we can meet up, figure out what we’re gonna do.” Ben hears him shout for Finn on the other end of the line. “Okay. I’ll talk to you soon Poe, I’ll update you as soon as we know what’s going on.” He hangs up and sets his phone down on the kitchen table, only to find a spare apartment key sticking halfway out from underneath the screen. Rey’s apartment key. “Oh god.” He clutches the key on one large hand. In that same moment Kylo enters the kitchen behind him; “I searched her room,” he sounds exasperated, “Some of her stuff looks like it’s been picked through. She’s gone Ben, she’s gone and it’s my fault. I couldn’t keep myself under control, I couldn’t keep my fucking mouth shut and now she’s fucking gone!” Ben stands there, dumbstruck and numb; he’s never felt quite this helpless before, never felt so out of control. He should tell Kylo the truth, that it is his fault all of this has happened, he knows he should, but he can’t find the words. They catch somewhere in the treacherous terrain of his ragged, bleeding insides and refuse to rise into his throat. So instead he lays out the plan Poe had presented him with, “I’m going to call the police, file a missing person's report; can you check around the place again? See if she left any clue as to where she might be headed.” Kylo nods and walks away, his stride his awkward, and it makes Ben cringe to think his twin has gone through so much over the past few days. He dials the number for their NYPD precinct, and is met with a friendly female voice on the other end; “Hello, you’ve have reached the NYPD’s one hundred and fourth precinct office, how can I help you today?” “How would I go about filing a missing person’s report?” He asks. There is a long pause on the other end, “...well, you could come into the office, or I could send an officer out to you. How long has this person been missing?” “Around two days, I think. I’m not entirely sure, I haven’t been home the past few days.” “Age and sex?” She asks, and he can hear her typing on her keyboard. “She’s twenty, and female. We don’t know where she went.” The emotion is rising in his voice, he can feel the lump forming in his throat. “Alright, I’ll send an officer to your location. Street address, please?” He tells her, offering to meet the officer outside the building so he won’t have to worry about finding the correct unit. She agrees that would be best and dispatches the officer, promising he’ll be there within fifteen minutes. Ben leaves Kylo and goes down to wait outside. He pulls on a light jacket, not caring much about the winter cold. The wind bites at his cheeks and the tips of his fingers, he clutches the jacket tightly around himself and leans against a lamp post. He feels horribly ill. Rey has left and Kylo blames himself for it. How could he have allowed this to happen? He’d known after the first few hours in the hospital that he’d made a grave mistake, and yet he had refused to return to Rey, to apologize to her and beg her forgiveness. He had thought that she’d be waiting when he returned home, just like she always was. That she’d understand he hadn’t meant what he’d said and she’d forgive him without his needing to apologize. That had been wishful thinking on his part. He knows Rey’s insecurities. He knows that she fears abandonment and rejection, that she fears the circumstances others face which are entirely out of her control, and he’d played into those fears perfectly. A black and white dodge charger pulls up to the curb not far from him, the officer rolls down his window. He’s a younger man, with tanned skin and dark eyes. “Mr. Solo?” He inquires as he steps from his cruiser. “Yes, that’s me.” Ben nods and takes the officer’s hand when he offers to shake. “I’m Officer Gonzales. I hear you have a missing person here. Can you take me up to your apartment?” Ben nods and leads him. Once inside, they find Kylo sitting on the couch, resting his head in his hands. Ben cringes at the air of defeat that rises from his brother. “This is Kylo Solo, my twin brother. It’s our little sister Rey who’s gone.” “Alright,” Gonzales says, “Let me start out by asking you two a few questions.” They both nod and the officer pulls a small notepad and a pen from his pocket. “Her name is Rey Solo?” he asks. “Yes.” Kylo speaks up, beating Ben to the punch. “Age twenty?” “Yes.” Ben answers this time. “Were there any signs of forced entry when you arrived on the premises?” He cocks an eyebrow at them, glancing around the room. Nothing seems out of place. “No,” Ben says, “But she left this note and-” “She left a note?” Gonzales cuts him off, “May I see this note?” Kylo stands from the couch and pulls a crumpled piece of paper from his jeans pocket. Gonzales takes it and frown at the fresh blood droplets that obscure some of the writing. “This blood…?” He asks. “Mine.” Ben says, “I got upset and punched a wall when I found it.” The officer nods, accepting his explanation, and scans the note’s contents. He scowls and sighs when he finishes reading it, then looks to the brother’s sympathetically. “I’m sorry, but this doesn’t constitute a missing persons case, Mr. Solo.” “What?” Kylo jumps to the defensive, his entire body tenses. “I wish I could say otherwise, but this isn’t uncommon. A college aged kid gets tired of life around here, so they up and leave. She’s left a note, and I don’t see any signs of foul play around here. The NYPD can’t afford to expend the resources on someone who doesn’t want to be found.” He seems sincerely empathetic to their situation. Ben throws one arm out to keep Kylo from charging the cop, whose hand has moved precariously close to his hip. Ben offers his free hand to the officer and concedes reluctantly, “Alright. Thank you for coming to speak with us.” “Of course,” they shake hands and Gonzales leaves the apartment hastily. Ben locks the door behind him and turns around just in time to see Kylo slam a kitchen chair in the wall. “Fuck!” he shouts as it splinters in his hands. “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” “Kylo!” Ben sushes to his side and desperately tries to restrain him, clutching his brother’s arms to his sides, but the Navy Seal breaks easily from his grip, like his arms aren’t anything more than woven wicker. “Kylo,” Ben tries again, more calmly this time as Kylo hits his knees on the hardwood kitchen floor, “Kylo, I know it’s--” “No you don’t!” Kylo shouts at him, “I don’t think you know! She’s everything to me Ben, not even three thousand miles and fire bombs could fucking change that!” Ben recoils from his twin. “I thought of her every day while I was over there.” Kylo seethes, “I dreamed of her every night, she was always with me, everywhere I went. You’ll never understand that. Never!” Something dark rises in Ben’s chest, all of his frustration and jealousy that had built over the past few months is finally boiling to the surface. “You really think that I don’t love her, Kylo? That I just decided to up and fuck our sister?” He snarls and steps toe to toe with Kylo. He looks like he’s been hit, shocked by the admission that has rolled off of Ben’s curled lip. “Do you honestly think I wanted this? That I wanted to fall in love with her? Of course I fucking didn’t,” Ben can feel his face becoming flush with his rage, but he doesn't care. “I thought what you two were doing in Hawaii was disgusting, I thought it was a final insult to mom and dad that you would even think of doing that!” Kylo punches him square in the jaw, sending Ben careening backward into a wall. “Shut up.” He grinds out through clenched teeth. Ben lays there for a moment, dazed by the sudden blow and subsequent fall. Kylo watches him for a long moment, then walks away. “I’m going to try to call Rey again.” He calls over his shoulder. Ben pushes himself up to his knees, grunting as his abused joints protest his movement. “Wait!” he calls out, “Kylo wait.” His twin halts in the doorway, but doesn’t turn around. Kyo takes that as his indication of attention and begins, “Listen, Kylo. It’s not your fault that she left, alright? It’s not.” “How could you possibly know that?” Kylo sounds suspiciously close to tears. Ben stops for a second, wondering exactly what to say and how to say. Wondering if he even should say it. As if it were even a question, of course he should. He can see the agony his brother is in, an hear the guilt on his every word and see the defeated set of his shoulders. “You had every right to be angry, Kylo,” He rises fully to his feet, “You were the injured party, you’d left and then Rey and I...well, you know. Plus you just came back from the front and you lost a leg. If I had been in your position I would’ve acted the same. Rey knew what to expect from you, she expected behavioral changes. After the EMT’s took you away, I blamed her. She was scared for you and for our relationships with one another, and I told her it was all her fault. I should’ve comforted her, but I didn’t! Fuck...I didn’t. And now she’s gone.” Kylo freezes, and stands in that dark kitchen doorway for what feels like an eternity, before he walks away without a word. -- I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. -- Rey sits in a booth in a worn out diner somewhere in Pennsylvania. Her bus had been going to Washington DC, but she hadn’t wanted to go that far. So, when they reached a rest stop in Breezewood Pennsylvania, she had simply not reboarded the bus. She’s nursing a cup of black coffee and eyeing her plate of bacon and eggs warily. She thinks that she might vomit if she tries to eat. Her stomach growls, but her brain doesn’t seem to process the hunger; so instead she continues to stare into the dark liquid in front of her, and wonder exactly what she should do with herself now. She could die, she thinks. Throw herself off of an overpass and into traffic, or off a bridge and into the frigid waters of the Allegheny River. But she doesn't really want to die. No, she's just tired of being alone, so, so alone. She had never been particularly close to her family. And that had affected her during her early years. Other children had regular visits with their parents, and their parents sounded the same as them. Whenever her parents would come, which wasn't often, it only made her more aware of how ‘other’ she was, alienated from her peers and her own family. An America with a British accent living among Britons with British accents, thousands of miles away from her family. Everything has always been wrong, hasn’t it? Nothing has ever felt quite right, no matter how she acted, no matter what she did. She leaves her coffee half full and tucks a twenty half under her plate of eggs. She pulls her jacket tightly around her and steps out of the diner into the cold winter air. She decides she’s going to try an catch a bus to Pittsburgh. It’s a large city, easy to disappear and assimilate into. Finding some temporary work shouldn’t be hard, and there are shelters she could spend her first few nights in while she works out her living situation. She sits down in the plexiglass shelter provided at the bus stop, and pulls her phone from her bag out of habit. It’s been off since she left New York City. She knew that when Ben came home, whenever that might be, he would try to call her. Whether to further vilify her or beg her forgiveness she wasn’t sure; but she knew he would call. She can see now she had been right. She has well over thirty missed calls, some from Finn, some from Poe, most were from Ben, but one, one was from a number she hadn’t seen in a very long time. Kylo had called her, and he had left a voicemail. She hits play. “Rey,” his voice is hoarse, rough like he’s been yelling, or crying, “Rey, please answer. I’m so sorry for what I said, I didn’t mean any of it.” He sounds like he’s breaking. “Please come home, or call us back; something, anything. We just want to know that you’re safe.” He pauses for a moment; “Please, Rey, baby sister; I’m so sorry, I didn’t know what to do, what to feel. I…” he sucks in a breath and she thinks he’s fighting back tears, “I love you, Rey. More than anything. And--and I know that all of this is my fault, I said shit that I shouldn’t have; I said unforgivable things, and I’m so sorry, I’m so, so, sorry. Please come back, please. If you don’t want to see me I--I get that, but Ben needs you here, and so do Finn and Poe. I--I just…” He trails off and she can hear a second voice come into the background, it says something gently to her brother and he hangs up. She presses her head back against the icy glass. Kylo thinks that this is all his fault, he really thinks that. She brushes her thumb over her phone screen. She should call him back, tell him the truth of it, that none of this is his fault; he’s been a victim this whole time. A victim of circumstance, of Snoke, of war, and now of her sick fucking mind. Her thumb hovers over his contact; she wants to talk to him, tell him that it’s not his fault, but he might not be alone, Ben could be there, or Finn, or Poe. This is meant only for him, no one else. So she texts him. I want to talk to you, but you have to be alone. His response is immediate. I’m alone. She dials. He doesn’t leave time for the phone to ring, he answers as soon as she calls him. “Rey.” he sounds exasperated, exhausted and relieved, “Thank God you’re okay.” “It’s not your fault, Kylo.” She whispers. She rises from the bus bench, suddenly feeling very exposed being in such a public place. She begins to walk back toward the diner, and stops beneath a tree. She sinks down to the ground, letting the rough bark scrape her back through her jacket and shirt. “It know,” He snarls, “I know. I left that message before I learned a few things” “What?” “We’ll talk about it later.” “Kylo, it’s my fault, and I’m not talking about the other day.” She can feel the tears beginning to well and the tightening of her throat, “I’m talking about everything, everything that’s happened over the past year, all of it is my fault. I...I--” She’s cut of by her own sob. “We can’t have this talk over the phone Rey, where are you? I’ll come get you, I’ll come alone if you want.” He pleads, “Please just tell me where you are, sweetheart.” “Pennsylvania,” she says, “Breezewood. It has that big service place that we went into that one time mom dragged us all to Gettysburg.” “Okay.” She can hear him shifting around, “...I love you, Rey. More than anything, I fucking love you.” She inhales sharply, she hadn’t expected that, for him to confess his love to her so readily despite the guilt and the anger they both felt. And she loves him too, she does, she loves him so much that she was willing to leave him behind so he could be happy. But he wouldn’t be happy without her, would he? He sounds so sorrowful, so full of longing on the other end of the phone line that she almost believes it herself; that, even after all of the horrible things she has done come to light, he could still love her. “I...Kylo, I don’t think you’ll say that once you realize what a horrible person I am.” She says. She’s surprised by how calm she is, how she doesn’t burst into tears. It’s like she’s become disconnected from her own reality, she doesn’t feel the pain her words should inflict any longer. -- He reaches Breezewood well after midnight in a shitty car he had rented on the fly. The radio is set to a local new station, they drone on about the Steelers and draft picks and Super Bowl possibilities. If Kylo were more awake he’d slam his fist into the goddamn speaker until it sparked and the voices stopped rambling, but it’s the only thing keeping him from falling asleep behind the wheel, so he allows it. He’s eager to find his sister, wrap her in his arms, and never let go of her. He can practically feel her warmth while he holds her to his chest, crushing her to him. He gropes around in the dark for his phone. “Siri, call Rey.” He commands. “Calling Rey.” The AI responds. He puts his phone on speaker and sets it on his thigh. It rings twice then she picks up. “Kylo?” She yawns. “Hey baby sister, I’m pulling off of the highway right now. Where are you?” He slows as he drives down the offramp. The lights from the gas stations and fast food restaurants that litter the town hurt his eyes. “I’ll step out front of the Gateway station, first one on the right, plus its has a massive green sign over it. You can’t miss it.” “Alright,” he makes a sharp right into the Gateway, “I’m pulling into the parking lot now, I’ll meet you on the curb.” They hang up and he exits the car. The walk to the curb is one of the longest he’s ever taken, he’s so desperate to see her, but he’s so exhausted. Every step is a labored task, that is until he sees her form emerge from the double glass doors. He exhales a sigh of relief to see her safe and sound. She looks a bit worn out, the circles under her eyes are dark, but besides that she seems unharmed. He grabs her and crushed her to his chest, pressing kisses to her hair and murmuring her name. “Thank god you’re okay,” He says, his voice hoarse with emotion, “I was so worried.” “I’m sorry,” she chokes into the fabric of his shirt, “I’m so sorry Kylo, I’m so sorry.” He shushes her and strokes her hair, then he tilts her chin up so he and look her in the eye. They’re wide and brown and filled with tears. He brushed them away with his thumbs. “I love you, Rey. More than anything.” He leans in and kisses her. She tastes of salt from the tears she’s shed Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine. Notes: And so we near the end! Maybe two or three more chapters after this one. Please leave a comment or kudos. I read all of them (the comments) and they really do inspire me :) tumblr; actualmongoose Chapter 7 : Song 7 Notes: A brief update for everyone! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They spent four hours in the car together on the way back to New York. It was silent for the most part. The radio remained off, the windows up. Rey only spoke to offer to drive, Kylo’s prosthetic made his brake work jerky and unnerving for his passenger. He had declined, insisting that he needed the practice. Walking was still a struggle for him, but driving required less muscle and less energy. He refused to lose that aspect of ordinary life. They were finally forced to stop some time before dawn, rosy sunlight just beginning to dust the eastern skyline. They found a small motel not far from the Pennsylvania-Delaware border and decided to rent a room for the day. They needed to rest, neither of them had slept in over twelve hours. The motel was family owned and quite nice for the fifty dollar price they had paid. The room had a double bed in the center of it, and was garnished with white handmade doilies on nearly every exposed surface. Kylo sat on the bed and rubbed at his eyes as Rey skirted away to the shower. She stood under the warm spray, looking down at her hands and wondering why Kylo had been so quiet. He hadn’t seemed angry when he had first arrived, but now he was sullen. At least she thought he was. He had a right to be. She ran some of the cheap conditioner, supplied by the motel, through her hair; working her fingers through the snags and knots that had formed over the last few days. He came into the bathroom without her noticing, the thick opaque shower curtain not even portraying a shadow. She squealed and jumped when he stepped in behind her, she slipped and nearly fell, but he caught her in his muscular arms. He hoisted her up and turned her to face him, he looked at her with eyes so full of longing she nearly burst into tears. How could he still love her after all that she had done? “Don’t do that.” He whispered, brushing the pad of his thumb over her lower lip. She was amazed at how in tune he was with her emotions, he knew exactly what she was thinking, read her like an open book, “Don’t blame yourself, none of this is your fault.” She pressed her forehead into his tattooed shoulder planted a kiss there then murmured back to him, “Then whose fault is it?” She slipped her arms around his waist, fully returning his embrace. “No one’s, I thought about it a lot on the way down here, after Ben and I had it out with each other; none of us are to blame, sweetheart,” he pulled her closer as he used the endearment, she could feel every line and crease of his strong body against her own, “Ben was afraid and upset when he saw us together, I felt guilty, you felt guilty, then he felt guilty. You two--” he broke off for a moment, still trying to digest everything that had taken place, “You two fell in love--” “I--” “No. It’s okay Rey, I know. You were scared and alone, and in a way he was too; you took comfort in one another, just like we did.” He disengaged from her and took a step back on the smooth wet shower floor, he wouldn’t look her in the eyes. “It’s okay...if you don’t want me anymore, I understand.” “No.” She snarled and pressed his back against the wall, her fingers coming to rest on his pectorals; she couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth, how could he possibly think that she could just stop loving him. “Don’t even fucking think about that, Kylo Solo.” She knotted her fingers into his damp, dark hair and tugged him down for a furious kiss. All tongue and teeth and moans. When she broke away she grabbed him by his hand and shoved the shower curtain to the side; she bypassed their clothes and lead him straight to the bed. She knew that with Kylo actions spoke louder than words. She pressed herself back up against him and felt his cock already half-hard against her belly. “Make love to me,” she fell back onto the bed and took him with her, he landed braced on his forearms above her, “Make love to me and let me show you just how much I love you, brother.” He caught her mouth in a smoldering kiss, deep and desperate. She moaned and dragged her fingernails down his back, leaving bright pink scratches in her wake. They didn’t bother with foreplay like they normally would have, they were both far too eager, and had been apart for far too long to linger on the trivialities of it. She reached down between their still damp bodies and took his cock in hand, giving him two rough strokes before pressing the broad head of him to her slit. He growled like an animal and buried himself to the hilt inside of her. “Oh god,” she moaned and groped at his ass as he began to thrust, “Please, Kylo.” He silenced her with his lips and she kissed him back roughly, sloppily. He’d never felt more amazing than in this moment. Thick and imposing and buried as deeply into her body as he could possibly be. “Kylo, Kylo!” She began to chant his name over and over as he thrust over her, a mantra on her lips; some long strayed patron returning to her place of worship. “Rey, baby sister,” he groaned back, “Oh god, I’m not gonna last long.” “It’s--ahn!--It’s okay,” she encouraged him, “J-just let go.” He gave three more rough, pointed thrusts, and then groaned into her shoulder as he came inside her. She followed him over the edge just a moment later; gasping at the intensity of her orgasm. He stayed there for a moment, resting his large body over her small one. She ran her fingers gently up and down his back, she could feel new scars raised on his skin. “I love you so much, Kylo.” She said as he rolled off of her and onto his side. He wrapped an arm around her waist and crushed her too him, he kissed her thoroughly before he asked; “But you love Ben too?” She remained still for a moment, watching his eyes, deciding for herself just how loaded that question was. She decided to be honest with him, there was no point in lying about something so obvious; “I’m in love with him too. He was there for me when I needed someone, Kylo. He took care of me, he made me feel safe and secure.” “You two had sex?” He asks, emotionless, neutral. “...Yes, we had sex.” “Okay.” Kylo pressed a kiss to the crown of her head. “Okay?” “Okay.” He says, “We’re brothers Rey, twins on top of that. We’ve had to share things all of our lives, it only makes sense that we share you.” “Y-You mean that?” She stuttered out, hardly able to believe what he was saying. He wouldn’t mind if she continued her relationships with both of them? Not at all? “I mean it,” he said, and she felt his cock stir against her thigh. Her eyes go wide, it hadn’t even been ten minutes, “It kinda turns me on, thinking about him fucking you.” She went beat red. “Is he bigger than I am?” He groaned and prodded her thigh with his erection, “Is his dick bigger.” He slipped inside of her again, and started to thrust shallowly. “Oh--fuck Kylo.” She grabbed at his ass and pushed him up against her, her clit rubbing up against his pubic bone and his cock finding it’s way deep inside her clasping pussy. “Answer me?” He gave a rough thrust and she squealed. “I--agh, fuck that’s so good baby--I don’t know--ah!” He wasn’t being gentle now, she could see some of his repressed anger and frustration rising to the surface; it made the sex all the better. The sound of his balls slapping her ass made her clench and bite her lip. “Never thought to compare? Oh fuck baby,” she squeezed her muscles around his cock like a vice, milking him, “oh that’s so fucking good.” He shifted them so that he was sitting up, his back smashing against the headboard while she bounced in his lap, “You’ll just have to compare when we get back, won’t you.” She moaned and came at the implication of his words, thinking of having both of her brothers at the same time, being pressed between their strong bodies, two thick cocks both working her at once; it was too much for her. He gripped her hips and fucked her roughly for another few seconds before he shot a second load deep into her body. "Rey!" He howled her name. -- Pleasing is the fragrance of your perfumes; your name is like perfume poured out. -- When they reach New York the next afternoon Ben is waiting for them. Notes: Note that I have switched from the King James version of the Bible for my scripture passages to the New International Version. This is because I have used all of the relevant verses from each song and want there to still be some variety; so technically I'm now repeating verse but the wording is different. I know I haven't updated in a while, and this update is small, but that is because I've finally begun writing a WIP I've been working on since before this story (SLS) was even a thought in my head. It is very dark, and very different from this, but I'd greatly appreciate if you'd all give it a shot. It's called Perihelion and it's a dark reylo fic. Thank you for reading! My tumblr is actualmongoose. And remember, comments and kudos feed the inspiration machine! (Plus I respond to all comments) Notes: Idk when this will update again. You can find me on tumblr, I'm actualmongoose over there as well, shoot me an ask or a message. I don't bite. Please leave kudos and comments! (I try to respond to all of them)