cucumber Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Ren! I know you’re in there!” Hux pounds on the door, not going anywhere despite Kylo’s attempts to ignore him and cling on to the blissful sleep of five minutes ago. Kylo rolls out of bed with a groan, scrabbling around for underwear. Kylo opens the door to see Hux frozen with his fist raised, clearly just about to start hammering again. Hux’s eyes flick up and down before he stops himself, and he twists his face into a sneer. “Do you have any respect for boundaries? Put some bloody clothes on to answer your door." “It’s two o'clock in the fucking morning, Mr Personal Boundaries.” Kylo stretches his arm up to lean on the door frame, puts his weight on one hip. “And if you don’t like it, don’t look.” Hux folds his arms across his chest. “You are ridiculous,” he grits out. His left eye twitches. “How much coffee have you had?” Kylo’s been hearing Hux move around the apartment late at night the past week or so, rolled in half-drunk just before sunrise Saturday morning to find him sitting at the kitchen table, diagrams and tables of figures spread around his laptop and his fussy French press coffeemaker. "Stop changing the subject.” Kylo has no idea what the fucking subject is. “Goodnight, Hux." Hux puts his foot in the door when Kylo goes to close it, pushing it open and stepping over the threshold. “You can not keep helping yourself to my food.” "You pushing your way into my room at ass o'clock is a much bigger problem than telling apart shit in the fridge!” "Telling apart - ” Hux snorts, incredulous. “Everything of mine in that fridge is clearly labelled, because of just this kind of - ” He’s in the middle of honestly waving his fucking finger when he breaks off, and at first Kylo thinks his face must look as murderous as he feels. Hux’s face goes oddly blank. He’s looking at something behind Kylo. "That’s my cucumber,” he says faintly. Kylo will not wince. He will not blush, he will not permit it. He reminds himself Hux is a whiny little prick who has no absolutely right to be here, in his room, judging him. "Alright, it’s time for you to go.” He steps forward, trying to hustle Hux toward the door. "On your floor. Next to your bed.” Hux is shaking his head, amusement bubbling up in his tone as he connects the dots. "Points for observation. Get out.” Kylo puts his hand on Hux’s shoulder, and Hux stiffens, resists the push. “The courgettes weren’t good enough, then?” Hux says, looking from the cucumber to Kylo again, eyes glittering with malicious delight. “Too small? Overripe?” Kylo leans his face close. Maybe he can brazen his way out of this. “You can have it back. It’s still shrinkwrapped.” "Still got my name written on it,” Hux says, not backing off an inch. A treacherous heat burns Kylo’s cheeks; he’d known that, the whole time. He straightens, hands dropping in fists at his sides. He glares at Hux. “You are so - ” "Anal?” Hux says cheerfully. "Fuck off.” He steps past Hux and holds the door open wider. Hux snorts, shakes his head again. He stops in front of Kylo as he leaves, doesn’t bother to conceal his look up and down this time. This close Kylo can see him run his tongue over his teeth before he speaks. "Listen to me, you little pervert,” he says, soft and low so Kylo has to strain to hear him. He presses his fingertips lightly to Kylo’s chest. “Listen to me, you will not ,” he pushes firmly for emphasis, “ fuck yourself,” he pushes again, harder, with each word, “with any of my fucking groceries again, do you hear?” Kylo swallows. “Get out.” Hux really needs to get out. Hux’s hand is still on his chest. "Do you hear ?” " Yes .“ Hux smiles viciously, and with a final glance at the cucumber, he turns and leaves, a new spring in his step. Kylo slams the door closed behind him, hears Hux’s a moment after. Kylo barely hears the message alert, about half an hour later, doesn’t check his phone til he’s finished, twice, cleaned up and sprawled across his bed. It’s from Hux. There’s a website address. Free shipping. No sell-by date. Notes: Thanks to wgx in the comments for tracking down the website Hux texts Kylo. Those things are Art. Chapter 2 : watermelon Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo's phone buzzes while he's on the night bus back from training. He fishes it out of his pocket, looks long enough to register Hux's name before he slaps it screen down onto his thigh. "Fuck," he mutters under his breath. The kid across the aisle looks warily at him, hand slowing in its journey from the paper takeaway bag. Kylo has successfully avoided Hux for almost a week. Lying in bed, still sweaty and flushed, he'd started a half dozen replies to Hux's link, ranging from i hate you to what do you recommend? but deleted them all and put his phone on silent for the rest of the night. Hux has still been working late, at home and the office, but Kylo has been out a lot too, legitimately: he's still working on the paper about the Italian fencing treatises, and preparation for the tournament has him training pretty hard. A few nights he's just crashed at one of the guys' places afterwards, or they've spent hours in the pub talking about the competition, strategy. Mitaka and Phasma are back, so when Kylo has seen Hux it's been in passing and in company. It couldn't last, though. His phone buzzes a second time, the reminder alert. If Hux was going to try to embarrass him he's had ample opportunity. He doesn't have the evidence for a proper attempt at blackmail. His sarcasm isn't half as withering as he thinks it is. Kylo can handle him. He grits his teeth and opens the message. I was genuinely curious about the courgette, you know. Casually conversational is not a tone Kylo and Hux have ever struck in person, let alone in a text message about Kylo's sexual practices. Huh. He shoots back: curious enough to keep thinking about it It's about 1am, so Hux is probably back at the flat. Has his big project or whatever concluded, or is he just taking a quick break to taunt Kylo about vegetables? Fuck knows, but he replies pretty quickly. In summer I came home to find a watermelon on the side with a hole cut in it. I'd assumed it was filled with vodka, but now I'm questioning everything. wtf the texture is all wrong for - Anything, Kylo is thinking, whichever way you wanted it, but he deletes the words because he's damned if he'll let Hux know he just made him consider whether he'd fuck a watermelon. He's still scowling at his phone when another message arrives. I can't quite work out whether you'd try the plug or the hole. Jesus. why are u so interested It's my produce. I want to know what you'd be doing with it. Kylo glances out at the rest of the top deck of the bus, absurdly checking whether anyone is looking. Whether anyone knows he might be sexting his asshole flatmate about watermelon. A man in front of him is snoring loudly, and the kid's attention is back on his fries. are we still talking about fruit I can sustain the painful metaphors a little longer if you would find that helpful. For all I know, talk of smooth, hard rind and juicy pink flesh might be what gets you going. I'm reasonably accommodating. Hux is sexting him. Condescendingly, but he's definitely doing it. Hux is sexting him, and he thinks he has a fruit and vegetable fetish, and he's apparently sort of fine with that. Wow. Kylo's never seen Hux bring anyone back to the flat, and Phas has never mentioned him seeing anyone. He knows pretty much nothing about that side of Hux - or indeed any side, he supposes - but had imagined him painfully vanilla, easy to shock and fluster. i don't need fruit talk thanks or veg or really any kind of food idk it usually ends up messy not in a good way that was a one off with the thing I don't have thing for them really its not a thing You've made your point. Was that your first time with anything? no It did seem a bit ambitious for a virgin, but reckless overconfidence wouldn't surprise me. Did you do it again after I left? Only Hux would sneer at someone before asking to hear about them playing with their ass. He's maddening, even at this. twice. the first time didn't really count but With Hux waiting for a reply, Kylo can't quite think of how to boast about his refractory period without admitting how fast he'd gotten off the first time. He deletes. i did. are you sorry you didn't stay to watch I expressly told you not to. what I told you not to fuck yourself with my groceries again and you did it anyway, right away. Do you have so little self-control? Pathetic. okay youre being p sensitive for a guy who texted me out the blue to ask me if I'd fucked a watermelon Christ, Ren, must I spell everything out? This is the part where you offer your humble apologies. From your knees, I think. So sorry, so shameful, so desperate to show me you can be good. Kylo looks up when the bus jerks to a halt. He can feel his face heating up, but of course nobody is fucking looking. Nobody knows. On the lower deck the doors beep and close, and the bus moves off again. alright alright I didn't realise this was your thing but I should have fuckin known im sorry, that was rude of me, and I've already been so bad once I get my mouth on your dick I promise you'll forgive me I'll make you forget all about it But if I forget, how will I make sure you learn? I won't tolerate this behaviour a second time. Kylo wipes the condensation off the window with the sleeve of his jacket, peers out to check where they are. A little while to go before his stop. Before he gets back to the flat, where right now Hux might have one hand on his cock, the other typing out weirdly hot S&M shit to send to Kylo. Does he want ... spanking? Is this a schoolteacher thing? Should there be a cane? Kylo doesn't really know how to talk about that. Imaginary missionary-with-the-lights-off Hux was way easier to handle. I know I'm so sorry I swear I'll be good I'll do as I'm told anything you want That'll probably do. In character and puts the ball back in Hux's court. He wants to be in charge so bad, after all. I do want to shut your insolent mouth, you're right. with your dick Well, of course. You're making it seem like a better idea by the second. The only sound I want to hear from you is gagging. Kylo doesn't mind giving head, though it's not like it's his favourite thing. The idea of Hux being rough with him, though ... the idea that this is what he's been thinking of every time they argued. Maybe Hux picks fights, just to get himself worked up. Okay, that works. you'd pull my hair, wouldn't you? you'd like that, moving me how you want make me take it all amd I could you know what I can take I'm not sure if youre talking about your throat or your arsehole now but I honestly don't care. Fuck, Hux must be really into this to let his punctuation slip. He's thrown away any advantage he had in terms of intimate knowledge, and officially wants to work out their issues by fucking Kylo's mouth, and possibly caning. It's not how Kylo expected this situation to go, and it's definitely going to get him off in future one way or another. The fluorescent lighting and smell of kebabs is keeping him on a slow burn right now though. Thank fuck he's nearly home. like i said, whatever you want whichever are you jacking off right now Where are you? Is an arrest for public indecency imminent? nearly home like five minutes are you though Kylo catches sight of the church at the end of their street and presses the bell, shoulders his gym bag. He's making his way down the stairs when Hux texts again. Be discreet when you get in. Phasma and Mitaka are home. Kylo grins, holding on to the bar as the bus brakes, bringing his phone close to keep texting with a thumb. so im coming to your room? Best to make sure. Immediately. where you're doing...? Waiting. okay okay i just got off the bus Kylo half-jogs up the street from the stop, fumbling his keys out of his pocket. He keeps one eye on his phone at the door to the house, nearly drops it when it vibrates again. Stop off at the fridge. Not long ago, Kylo would have said that was the weirdest sext he had ever received, but the bar has been raised. Moving quietly through the dark apartment, he puts down his bag in the kitchen and opens the fridge. It's labelled REN. Notes: These were just two cracky ask ficlets. There may never be more. Please be assured that Kylo and Hux do indeed have some form of sexual congress. Chapter 3 : pumpkin Notes: Quick thing for Huxloween day 1 - pumpkin spice lattes. In my defence, I am currently in hospital and have received drugs. Does not follow directly on from the other chapters, though chronologically it's afterwards, there isn't a coherent storyline going on here or anything. The prompt just seemed to fit this verse neatly. I don't know. Kylo's waiting for his order when he hears it. He's got his headphones pulled down around his neck, ready to exchange the usual brief but crucial words with the barista: these are getting progressively flirtier every time he visits, and he's calculated that so, when do you go on break? will no longer be creepy by Friday. Ivan has this well-scrubbed clean-cut thing going on, but he also has a pierced tongue and the edges of a mysterious tattoo peeking out from the collar of his shirt and Kylo badly wants to confirm several theories. Kylo’s perfected a casual lean on the counter that shows off his arms without being too obvious about it, but it's ruined when he whips around at the voice coming from the direction of the till. "Triple tall Americano, black, take away." Hux is paying with the mobile app and shooting the server a tight smile that impresses the urgency of his caffeination. He carries a bulky portfolio on one shoulder, passes a hand needlessly over his smooth hair. He's in an alarmingly well-cut suit, a three-piece that’s slim in the leg and very flattering to his little ass, shows off that barely-there hint of rounding that's usually easier to feel than see. Behind the espresso machine, Ivan is licking a stray drop of syrup off his hand, flash of the tongue stud running along the edge of a long finger. These are unfair things to have to deal with at the same time. Triple black Americano. The morning coffee of a very busy man with many very important things to do with his day, a man with no time to waste. Kylo rolls his eyes. With what he's learned about Hux from the man's bed, though, he wonders if he'll surreptitiously dump whole milk, five sugars and some of those weird 'vanilla' sprinkles in it. He is quite prone to fits of luxury when the mood takes him, luxury and infuriating, mind-blowing inefficiency. Hux starts when he sees Kylo, but only for a second before his usual smooth exasperation snaps back into place. He walks down to wait for his coffee. "Good morning," he says disinterestedly, tugs back his cuff to check his watch. "What are you doing here?" Kylo comes here most mornings, even when Ivan doesn't work: it's on the way to both college and the training rooms, and it's a bit strange suddenly finding Hux in his space. "I have a meeting across the road." Ivan hands a caramel macchiato over to another customer. His dreamy dark eyes dart between Kylo and Hux with obvious curiosity. Kylo swallows. How to make clear that Hux is absolutely not his boyfriend without ruining his chances of going to bed with Hux again. How to work this out before coffee, and with Hux's ass and Ivan's tongue in such close proximity - wow, how to store that train of thought away til he's alone. "I didn't see you on the way in," Kylo says, adjusting his backpack to allow him to shuffle a more discreet distance away from Hux. It's weird they didn't bump into each other leaving the flat or on the tube, with their timing this close. Hux shoots him a contemptuous glance. "I’ve just finished my 7 o'clock." "And that makes you a better person than me, clearly," Kylo deadpans. "That and many other things," Hux replies placidly, staring into the middle distance. "Pumpkin spice latte, K," Ivan holds it out, smiling, and Kylo's convinced himself he does this rather than leave it on the counter so their fingers will brush like in some cheesy rom-com. Kylo loves it. He feels sparks , or whatever the fancy romantic word is for desperate urges to blow someone tenderly in a Starbucks restroom. Hux snorts, and Ivan and Kylo both turn to him: Ivan with a raised eyebrow and Kylo with barely contained fury, because there was a narrow window for the line he'd been rehearsing about loving fall and Hux just slammed it shut. It was going to make Kylo seem sensitive and cute but also wry and self-aware. Hux shrugs, smiles at Ivan a damn sight more convincingly than he did at the cashier. Asshole. "I suppose I will never understand why someone would want their coffee to taste like a vegetable," he says, and then he turns to Kylo with a thoughtful expression. "Although, it is you ... " Kylo barely registers the fleeting warmth of Ivan's fingers as he takes the cup. "Try it. You'll like it." Oh yeah, Hux will like it. He'll like it so much Phasma will bang on the wall and yell about fucking feral alley cats! Hux is living in a glass house the size of the original Crystal Palace. Kylo proffers the cup, and Hux wrinkles his nose. He turns to Ivan, who is still watching them both with interest while he runs the machine again. "Do you recommend it?" Hux asks, and he plasters his face with a mask of coy uncertainty. He bites his lip. It's astonishing. Ivan smiles again, and it's a little pouty. What is happening? "K's got good taste," he tells Hux, and these men are going to be the death of Kylo. Hux takes the coffee from Kylo, watches him with a raised eyebrow while he takes a sip. He doesn't spill a drop, so the things he does with his lips and tongue after are wholly unnecessary. "Hmm," he says, still smacking his lips. Ivan is openly smirking now. "Well, it's a little over the top. Fine for a seasonal product, I suppose." "You're gonna want it all year round." "Plenty of other drinks on the menu." "Your triple Americano - Hicks?" There's amusement in Ivan's tone, and Kylo is barely grasping what it's about anymore. This is a nightmare. "Hux," Hux smiles. He takes the cup. Their fingers brush. "It's Hux. Thanks." "No problem, Hux. Have a good day." Hux turns to Kylo, lifts the latte out of his reach when he grabs for it. He takes another sip. "I think it's an acquired taste,” he says, handing it back. “Have a good day, K ." He breezes out without looking back. Chapter 4 : cute-cumber Summary: "Hey baby, if you were a vegetable, I bet you'd be a CUTEcumber". Notes: I got this anon message on tumblr: "Hey baby, if you were a vegetable, I bet you'd be a CUTEcumber". I saw this bad pickup line and immediately thought of you. I'm sorry so of course Kylo had to send it to Hux. Kylo pockets his phone with a grin, imagining the appalled grimace on Hux’s face. He’s on his way into his morning seminar so he tries not to think too much about what Hux’s other reactions might be. The first time Kylo had said it, he’d been trying to get a rise out of Hux. It was that kind of time where they were basically getting each other off out of spite, first one to come loses. Loses ... something. Whatever argument they’d been having that had been best settled in bed. Hux was dragging his nails up Kylo’s back, digging them into the meat of his ass while Kylo pounded into him, and Kylo was into it nearly as much as he was into the stream of filth Hux poured into his ear the whole time, crazy intense shit that it makes Kylo’s ears redden just to remember. Calling Kylo a fucking animal , a monster , talking about keeping him on a leash, chaining him up to his fucking radiator so he’d be there waiting whenever - anyway, Kylo had been just about losing his mind. In his desperation to even the score somehow, to make Hux as furious as that shit was meant to make him, he’d pressed his face close to Hux’s and moaned, oh say it again, baby . Another two B-words ( you like that, baby? baby, so good for me ) and Hux had lost spectacularly, making these amazing high whimpering noises Kylo had never gotten out of him before. He’d clamped his thighs around Kylo after and wouldn’t let him pull out, beating a fist weakly on his shoulder and calling him a bastard while he came down through great shuddering aftershocks. It was fucking excellent. A cliched pet name and some dirty talk out of softcore porn and Hux’s entire personality was a flaming car wreck: so awful Kylo couldn’t take his eyes off it. It’s a weapon to be deployed with care. Hux is even more of an asshole than usual afterwards, and overuse might make him call the whole arrangement off. It’s been a while, though, with plenty of the freaky shit Hux is more comfortable with. The things that man will do, but an affectionate nickname is his secret shame. Kylo wonders what his work schedule is like today, if he’ll get the text while he’s in a meeting and has to keep a straight face. His blushes are hard to hide. He should spend the day on a slow boil, pissed off and turned on and pissed off about being turned on. Just how Kylo likes him. Kylo checks his phone surreptitiously a couple of times during the seminar. No reply. The message has been delivered, though. His phone sits next to the notebook he scribbles in at the coffee shop at lunch. A couple of times Kylo thinks it’s vibrating, but it’s just someone scraping back their chair nearby and shaking the table. Kylo helps run longsword drills for a group of beginners in the afternoon, and spars with a couple of the guys after. He makes a few trips to his bag at the side of the room, because that’s where his water bottle is and he’s exercising and he’s fucking thirsty and that’s perfectly fucking normal. He checks his fucking phone every time. Nothing. Fucking Hux. He doesn’t go for drinks after training, because Hux has completely fucked up his mood and he’d be shitty company. He knows Hux read the stupid text, knows he screwed up his face and then thought about Kylo growling it into his ear while they fuck, and he knows the absolute shitheel is so into that he probably locked his office door and knocked one out over it. He’s done that before, which Kylo knows for sure thanks to Skype. Kylo has no idea what his problem is today. Obviously Hux has a great many problems, most of them psychological, but which particular one - godfuckingdamnit. Kylo slams the front door of the flat, rattling the panes of glass in it. He’s been thinking about this bullshit most of the way home, and every time the bus went over a pothole or braked sharply it jarred his back against the seat, little flares of pain from the marks Hux left there. He’s stomping straight through the kitchen, toward the hall at the back of the flat where his and Hux’s rooms are, but he stops short when he sees Hux at the stove. Phasma is pouring Mitaka a glass of red at the table, and they both look around at Kylo. “Hux is cooking,” Mitaka says, with a raised eyebrow that looks both alarmed and delighted. Hux turns, a wooden spoon in his hand, his face a picture of innocence. “Sit,” he says, gesturing at the table where he’s laid out plates and silverware. “There’s plenty to go around.” Phasma’s raised eyebrow is vastly different to Mitaka’s. It says that she’s just worked out the malicious intent behind Hux’s sudden generosity. Kylo cannot think of anything he would rather do less than sit down at the kitchen table with Phasma and Mitaka for the next two or three hours and watch Hux put things in his fucking mouth. That motherfucker. “I already ate,” Kylo grits out. Hux and Phasma and Mitaka have a lovely dinner, and at least two bottles of wine, over the next four hours. Their laughter carries. Kylo puts on his headphones. He sits with his back to the door, so he won’t notice the shadow of Hux’s feet passing by in the hall when the asshole goes to bed. Kylo has been staring unseeing at the same page of Oakeshott’s Records Of The Medieval Sword for fuck knows how long when his phone vibrates in his pocket and he knocks his notes off his desk. Do not ever use a pun to try to get me to fuck you. Kylo hates him. He hates him and he’s already getting hard and he hates Hux and he hates himself. He jams the heel of his hand between his legs and glares at his phone. He isn’t going to reply. Hux can fuck off. I know you read that. Get yourself the rest of the way hard and send me a picture. Make it good and I might let you come to earn my forgiveness. Kylo was undoing his jeans before he'd even finished reading the message.