Back straight and eyes fixed on the middle distance, General Hux tried to ignore both the circus surrounding him, and the hell that awaited him. He would have loved to be able to sigh, turn on his heels and go back to his room, but he wasn’t the sort of man who let people see when he was struggling. Instead, he was going to do what he knew best: take the situation in hand, and manage things so that they’d once again come out on top. This wasn’t his first time taking part in a culinary tournament. Not by a long way. In fact, his whole culinary career had been punctuated by tournaments and competitions, which he usually won with ease. But here the circumstances were different. This wasn’t just his own career in play, but the whole reputation of the Finalizer. And though this mighty vessel had always been considered the best restaurant in the galaxy, it was attracting a growing number of critics and haters. Everyone knew Chef Snoke was getting old, and his presence in the kitchen was no more than symbolic these days. There were whispers that this fact was starting to have an effect on the quality of the menu. Hux felt his fists clench at the thought. He knew it was only idle gossip, and he’d run the kitchen brigade well during Snoke’s many long absences. Nevertheless, it cast a shadow over the reputation of the establishment, and Hux could taste a hint of bile whenever he thought about it. That was why, when Chef Snoke had suggested the idea of this particular competition, Hux had agreed enthusiastically. The competition was an annual event open to all the restaurants in the galaxy, an opportunity for the more prestigious contestants to confirm their status, and for newcomers to get their name out. The Finalizer had won the tournament several times, decades ago, when Snoke was at the top of his form. The string of successes had prompted him to stop taking part, feeling it to be not worth his while once he was already very well known by all the great and the good of the Republic. The announcement that the Finalizer was taking part once again had excited the gastronomic world, and had put the restaurant once again right at the forefront of the scene. At that point, Hux couldn’t have been more thrilled. It was going to be a chance for him to show off his skills in front of all the great experts. But if he’d known then how things were eventually going to turn out, he would have chucked his knives in the bin and gone to get a job in the nearest fast-food outlet. For sure, at the start everything was fine, and his battle-hardened brigades took the Finalizer all the way to the final, without a single cut finger or a single piece of meat overcooked. Hux didn’t even need to take part in all the rounds, leaving his commis chefs to get some practice in against the local greasy spoons and their slop. He didn’t grace the competition with his presence until their opponents were a bit more competent. Even then, he knew he could have cooked up a brilliant set of dishes entirely on his own and the three chefs facing him would be sent into a panic by his steely regard and his unequalled precision. That’s why they called him the General. No, it wasn’t until now that they’d reached the final that things had got complicated for him. Not only because of who they were facing in the final, but also because of issues in his own team, related to Snoke’s rather impulsive tendencies. He knew he was being ungrateful to think this way about the man who had put him at the highest rank in his restaurant, but at the same time Snoke had put a bloody great stone in his shoe. He forced himself to take a deep breath and loosen his fists. But only his fists. His face could continue to display his typical expression of permanent dissatisfaction, an expression which had the delicious effect of making everyone who worked under him tremble in fear. Well, nearly everyone who worked under him… He gritted his teeth. Around him, he heard the noise of spectators in the large hall where this first challenge would take place. He knew Snoke would be watching from the stands and if he failed, he would need to try his luck at the other end of the galaxy where nobody knew his name, a name which would have become synonymous with failure and shame. He stopped the negative thoughts dead. He wouldn’t fail. Even if all the circumstances were against him, he wouldn’t fail. He focused his gaze on the man standing opposite him, behind a work station just a few metres away. He wouldn’t have believed that he’d see him here. And this was one of the reasons he was so angry. When he’d found out their opponents would be the Petite Résistance, he hadn’t tried to hide his disdain. A brand new restaurant, only opened a few months ago, and they thought they could play with the big boys. When he dug deeper, though, his blood turned cold. A new restaurant, yes, but not made up of amateurs. Far from it. Right here and now, in front of him, was Poe Dameron, the best pastry chef in the galaxy. Despite himself, Hux found his fists clenching again, and his knuckles white – even whiter than usual. Here was an adversary of note. Who would have been on their side if it hadn’t been for that idiot Ren. Hux had tried to recruit Dameron a little before the Petite Résistance opened. He had met him here, on the Finalizer, and had offered him a contract no chef could refuse. Then he’d made the mistake of leaving the room, to go and fetch the necessary papers. When he came back, he found no Poe Dameron, only Ren, shaking with rage. Ren had, somehow or another, chased away the man who was going to be the new pastry chef. Hux had never forgiven Ren, or Poe for that matter. Especially as Poe hadn’t left on his own. He had taken with him one of Phasma’s commis, the one Hux called 2187 – he gave the lower ranking staff numbers, as he didn’t see the point in learning their names. Furthermore, this dirty traitor was here as well, standing next to Dameron. Hux knew he had to be the weak link of the team, because a few months earlier he’d been a mere porter, doing the washing up and throwing out the trash. He didn’t see how he could have earned his place in the final round of a competition at this level. But if Dameron had taken him under his wing, it must have been for a reason, and maybe 2187 had some qualities Hux hadn’t seen. Not very likely, he thought, wrinkling his nose. He saw everything and knew everything that happened in his kitchens. And then there was the girl. Hux didn’t know her, but Ren seemed to hate her. Of course, Ren hated a lot of things, starting with Hux, but his hatred for this rather jolly young lass had something deep and visceral about it. Perhaps it was because she had taken Ren’s place when he had suddenly and noisily left the bosom of his family. It wouldn’t have mattered much to Hux, but he was a fine strategist and he figured that if this girl was here, and if she had been trained, as had been rumoured, by Skywalker himself, she must know what she was doing with a knife in her hand and a pan on the stove. In short, he was facing a formidable opposition and he knew he couldn’t underestimate them. Especially as he wasn’t too sure himself about his own team. Of course, Phasma was always solid. With her, the job got done, quickly and well. But she lacked a little creativity and finesse and despite her various good qualities, for example her taciturn character and her loyalty, she wasn’t quite on the same level as a Dameron. And then there was Ren. Hux could really have done without him. Ren was a free radical in the kitchen, an element that he’d never managed to control and channel. His status as Snoke’s protégé seemed to give him all sorts of special rights and privileges. Hux didn’t agree with that at all, but Ren couldn’t have cared less about what Hux thought. Hux had complained in person to Snoke several times about Ren’s behaviour – the fact he would turn up late, without respect for planning, would cook what he wanted without respect for the menu or for diners’ orders; without mentioning the numerous fits of temper that would end up with steel benches broken or pans dented because he’d buggered up his asparagus, say, or the caramel for his tarte tatin. In fact, when he’d agreed to participate in this context, Hux knew he should have required Snoke to leave Ren out of the team. Though even Hux had to admit Ren was capable from time to time of real strokes of genius, he was just too highly strung, especially in a high-stress competition situation. He had put his arguments to Chef Snoke that very morning, when Snoke had announced that Ren would be part of the team. But Snoke had just smiled and stated his full confidence in Hux’s ability to manage the mood swings of his apprentice. Hux could only acquiesce. One did not say no to Chef Snoke. Even though now, he was stuck with a sort of overgrown teenager capable of serving a plain petit suisse cream cheese to a table of judges from starred restaurants, while explaining that it symbolised the emptiness of his existence. Hux shivered just at the thought and at the shame he would feel if it actually happened in front of the whole galaxy. He looked discreetly towards Ren, who occupied the work station to the left of his own. The mere sight of him left Hux exasperated. His attitude, for a start. Instead of holding himself straight and dignified like Hux and Phasma, he was bent over, hands flat on the shiny surface of the table, and giving the evil eye to the team opposite. Not so much at the team opposite, actually. At the girl. His felt his jaw tighten. He really hoped that Ren wasn’t going to lose his shit and throw his sharpest knife across the room. Killing an opponent in an official competition was terribly disorderly. But then, Ren liked disorder. Hux, however, could not stand it. He also couldn’t stand his colleague and teammate’s haircut. Ren had tied back his massive mane, but a few strands had escaped and Hux really wanted to tuck them one by one behind his enormous ears. Or maybe to cut the lot off. Or to tear it all out with his bare hands. In any case, Ren’s hair was unhygienic and if it had been anyone else, Hux would have been more than happy to shave it all off. “Are you ready?” The voice of Wedge Antilles pulled him from his thoughts, and he realised that he’d been staring at Ren for several seconds. He lowered his head and nodded in the direction of Antilles, the master of ceremonies of the competition. “We are ready,” he said in an icy tone. Phasma, who he could see out of the corner of his eye, behind the large silhouette of Ren, nodded. Ren ignored them royally, his eyes and his wrath remaining turned towards their opponents. Antilles just shrugged and turned towards the other team, all gathered around Dameron’s table and laughing. Hux felt his dislike of them ratchet up a notch. When both teams had confirmed they were ready, Wedge Antilles went to the middle of the hall and raised his hand for silence. In the stands, the spectators sat down and little by little the noise fell away into complete silence. Wedge was not a man to raise his voice and they all knew that if they wanted to hear the master of ceremonies they would need to stop the chit-chat and listen. “Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the grand final of this 127th edition of the biggest culinary tournament in the galaxy.” There was a little applause and Antilles paused before continuing. “This year, once again, so much has happened; there have been twists, there have been discoveries and revelations. And those who are before us today are the best of the best, the crème de la crème.” Hux puffed out his chest. He lived for this sort of commentary. Even if he didn’t entirely agree with Antilles. He was the crème de la crème, and, yes, so was Dameron. As to the others… Ren in particular was the sort who hit bottom and kept on digging, while moaning that everyone ignored his genius. Hux forced himself to concentrate on Antilles. He had noticed that whatever the subject these days, his mind kept linking it in some way to Ren. He had worried about it but concluded that it was swings and roundabouts. Thinking about Ren was certainly unpleasant, but the hatred and anger it stirred in him stimulated him and pushed him to go further, to keep getting better and to crush the pathetic concoctions of Snoke’s favourite under his own plates of flavourful perfection. “To my left…” said Antilles. Hux stood as tall as possible, until his spine was stretched like the string of a bow. He always had excellent posture, but he knew this was his moment and he had to be at his best. He hoped that not a single strand of hair had escaped from his perfectly sculpted hairdo and that not a single crease had formed on his perfectly ironed black jacket. Despite himself, his eyes went back to Ren and he couldn’t hold in a sniff at Ren’s jacket and its torn buttonholes. He had to keep it rolled up into a ball in his bag, judging by its resemblance to a wrung-out cleaning rag. “… the brigade of the Finalizer.” Hux raised his chin and fixed his eyes on a point in front of him, above the head of Dameron who was still smiling like an idiot, and saluted the crowd with his hand. Hux realised that maybe it wasn’t so bad not to have Dameron on the team. He would have messed with the general ambiance of the Finalizer’s crew. “The restaurant,” continued Antilles, “belonging to Chef Snoke, and whose team is led by Chef Hux.” Hux nodded his head in thanks for the polite applause from the hall. To hear the words, “Chef Hux”, was always a little strange. Only the new commis in the team called him Chef. The others used his nickname of General, to the point that he had almost forgotten that it wasn’t his actual title. He didn’t mind being called Chef. But General sounded better to both his ears and his ego. “He will be supported in his task,” continued Wedge Antilles in the same quiet tone, “by pastry chef Phasma, and Ben Solo.” “Kylo Ren!” growled Ren between gritted teeth. Hux had great trouble not rolling his eyes and thanked the stars that Ren hadn’t yelled his correction across the hall. If Wedge Antilles had heard it, he didn’t notice or correct himself. “Opposite them, the young team from the Petite Résistance, a brand new restaurant, very promising – open for only a few months now…” Hux only felt scorn for Dameron, the Traitor and the Girl who waved in an attempt to gain the favour of the crowd. They could wriggle as much as they liked; in this final it would be the cooking that would set them apart, and Hux, despite his worries, felt sure that he could crush them like insects under his non-slip soles. “… and belonging to Leia Organa.” That was a name that brought him back out of his thoughts! He felt his head turn so quickly towards Ren that he almost thought he’d break his neck. Ren was still in the same position, pressing against the table, but he was livid. His eyes shone, his lips trembled and even his hair seemed more disordered, as if it wanted to stand up on his head. He stared at a point in the crowd and seemed to not be able to blink. Hux followed his gaze and saw, in the middle of the spectators, Leia Organa herself, in person. She waved back at her team without even a glance towards her son. Hux bit his lip. This was a low blow. He had to act quickly. Ren was already mentally unstable, no doubt the sight of his mother whom he hated so much would make him even more fragile. He spotted an empty bucket under Ren’s table. Perhaps he could stick it on Ren’s head to obscure his vision? After all, you covered the eyes of panicked animals. As a human being, Hux knew he’d panic even more if someone covered his eyes, but at the same time, Ren did come across as more animal than human. He managed to make a sign in the direction of his colleague, and Ren turned on him, boiling over with rage. “Why didn’t you tell me,” he spat, a strand of saliva shining on his full lips. Hux wondered why he noticed this particular detail now, when his life seemed to be in genuine danger. Ren was not much taller than him, but right now at this minute, his anger gave him a truly crushing presence. Hux kept his stony face despite the circumstances. He had learned a long time ago to hide his thoughts and emotions. “I didn’t know,” he said, calmly. Which was true. He had concentrated on the file of the Petite Résistance team. Their investors and proprietors weren’t his problem. “I will humiliate them, I will crush them, I will pierce them with their own nothingness and…” Hux approved vehemently: Ren seemed to be back on form and if he managed to channel this energy, he could be stunning. Or at least, that was what Hux hoped. Unless it all ended up in a bloodbath, a possibility that he couldn’t entirely discount. “…drag them in their own entrails before…” The firmest clearing of the throat ever heard in the galaxy interrupted them. “You don’t mind if I carry on?” asked Antilles. For his answer, Hux resumed his perfect stance behind his work station, but with an eye still riveted on Ren. Ren was feverish, impatient. His hands shook, never good in this line of work. His lips were trembling as if he was holding back a sob. Hux looked away. He wanted no part of that. The thought that Ren might crack even before the tournament had started was high on the list of catastrophic scenarios that he’d been imagining all morning. If only Snoke had listened and had given him a proper professional chef! He raised an eye to the stands and had no problem finding the chef proprietor, his aged face setting him apart in the midst of the predominantly young crowd. In contrast to Hux, he seemed perfectly serene, and was chatting to a thin man without any worries about the state of his protégé. Snoke didn’t even seem shocked or surprised to see Leia Organa here. Did he know that she would be here? Did he know about her links to the Petite Résistance? Hux told himself that had that been the case, he would at least have mentioned that salient fact to the team. Or at least, he hoped so. “After the presentation of the teams, the presentation of the jury. And this year, we have with us for these three challenges an exceptional jury. I know what you’re thinking. Every year I promise you an exceptional jury. And pardon me, but every year we do have an exceptional jury! But this year it will be not only exceptional, but legendary. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the first member of our jury. He is the administrator of Cloud City Corp, the sponsors of our tournament: Mr Lando Calrissian.” Hux raised his eyes to the ceiling, even though he couldn’t actually see it through the spotlights. He hadn’t the slightest idea who this guy was, but if Antilles thought this was an exceptional jury, who would be next? A Gungan and an Ewok? Hooray for the credibility of the event! A black man of a certain age entered the hall. His radiant smile, his sparkling eyes and his lively gait made him look at least ten years younger than his face suggested. He went towards the team of the Petite Résistance, and they greeted him warmly. “Well done for having made it this far, kids! And good luck.” Then he turned towards the brigade of the Finalizer and Hux gave him his most professional look. “Hey, Benny!” called Calrissian before continuing towards the large table at the back of the hall reserved for the jury. “It’s Kylo!” growled Ren again, a little louder this time. “You know that guy?” Hux was surprised at himself for having asked the question. Generally, he kept his thoughts to himself, but the fact that Calrissian had called Ren ‘Benny’ had unsettled him. “That’s my uncle Lando,” Ren responded, as if that was an explanation. Hux wasn’t going to push it. Especially as Antilles had started speaking again. “…we haven’t seen him for many years and he has agreed to come back for us. I know many of you will be surprised to see him again, but what better choice to judge our chefs than this man who reigned for decades over a gastronomic empire? Please give a warm welcome to Mr Sheev Palpatine!” Hux found himself surprised for the second time in less than twenty seconds. That wasn’t like him. But he had thought that Palpatine had been dead for years. Palpatine had been a very very old man already when Hux was a child, and he had been a little bit scared of Palpatine when his father had introduced them - although even at a young age, he had known enough to hide his fear. The black silhouette that entered the hall was met more by murmuring than by applause. Palpatine had been a man with a controversial reputation in the gastronomic sphere: lauded by some, hated by others. He wasn’t a chef himself, but he surrounded himself with cooks. Hux’s father, for example, to whom he had entrusted the management of his culinary school. Or Ren’s grandfather, the great chef Vader - still considered by many, including Ren himself, to have been the best chef of all time. Hux had found that out the day he had managed not to get a knife in the guts after having said that to him, Vader was the bloke who had his face on packets of spices and who talked up the merits of stock cubes on TV ads when he was a kid. In the absolute sense, this was true. After the fall of Palpatine’s culinary empire and the failure of his many restaurants across the galaxy, Vader had tried to limit his losses however he could by selling his image rights against fat endorsement contracts for everything and anything. He’d passed away not long after. But at one time, Vader really had been the most talented and creative chef of his generation. Hux had studied enough gastronomic history to know that. And Ren seemed to really worship his grandfather, apparently the only member of his family he still respected at all. Probably because he had been dead for a long time and he’d never actually known him. But the day he arrived on the Finaliser, he had claimed he wanted to restore Vader’s lost honour. Hux didn’t really understand what he meant by that, but if it could motivate the big idiot to cook well, Hux wasn’t going to talk him out of it. Except that at the moment, the effects of his hero-worship did leave something to be desired. Hux was pretty sure that somehow Ren had got his hands on Vader’s old chef’s toque. He had seen him several times mumbling at an old piece of cloth that he kept inside his locker in the changing room. Not that Hux had particularly been looking at Ren in the changing rooms. No! Not at all! Well, perhaps the first time… but only because he hadn’t realised that Ren was so wide in the shoulders under his chef’s jacket, as he had seemed at first sight simply tall and lanky. And the second time was just to confirm he hadn’t imagined it. Perhaps also the third… “And more applause for Sheev Palpatine!” Wedge interrupted him. Hux blinked his eyes. In the time that he had been thinking about stupid Ren and his stupid piece of cloth, Palpatine had joined the judges’ table without a glance at anyone. That wasn’t so bad. Hux didn’t want to see his face, deformed by age and illness. He wasn’t unhappy to have him on the jury, though. The years that Palpatine and Hux’s father had worked together might make Palpatine more inclined to vote in their favour… He stopped himself. It was his cooking that would make the difference. He didn’t need connections; he had never needed them. Some people thought he had got where he was because of his name. It wasn’t true and it didn’t matter if they liked it or not. His father was not the sort of man who did people favours. “Now, please,” said Antilles, once Palpatine was seated, leaving an empty chair in between himself and Lando, “welcome our final juror. But not too loud, he is a little shy,” he added with a smile. Now Hux definitely expected an Ewok. “I have personally put a great deal of effort into getting him here tonight. For many years, he has been in retirement from the gastronomic world, but I know that everyone here will remember him, his legendary dishes and his life philosophy which has made him one of the true legends of our profession. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Mr Luke Skywalker!” Hux couldn’t believe it. It was a joke! It could only be a joke! Luke Skywalker had disappeared many years ago and the only rumours about him were concerning the girl opposite them, whom he was supposed to have trained! Rumours which, as far as Hux was concerned, were completely unfounded. But when the man entered the room, he had to accept the evidence. With his big grey beard and his hippy clothes that looked like they’d been dragged right out of a dumpster, it was definitely Luke Skywalker. Older, with a sad face, but with that aura of someone who’d reached the summit of his art. Hux couldn’t stop himself from swallowing. He had known Palpatine when he was a child and had perhaps seen Vader when he was little more than a child. But this was the first time he was properly conscious of being in the presence of a Master. His gaze went back to Ren. As much as he had defied his mother with his attitude full of rage, here he turned his head away, his eyes fixed on the empty area of the stainless steel table that was between his hands, his shoulders hunched as if he wanted to make his big body disappear. He was bright red and was violently chewing on his lower lip. Pathetic, thought Hux. And he thought once again of putting a bucket on Ren’s head to calm him down. The tournament would start in a few minutes and between the presence of his mother and that of his uncle, who knew what Snoke’s protégé would do. Hux made a note to get rid of all the petits suisses in the larder before Ren got his hands on them. But Skywalker didn’t give the slightest attention to their team. He had a discreet smile for the girl, then for Wedge, before his joined the jury table. It was probably for the best. This wasn’t really the moment for sorting out a family argument. Hux blinked and wondered if it wasn’t against the rules for a member of the jury to be the brother of the proprietor of one of the competitors. On the other hand, wherever you went in the galaxy you’d be hard pushed to meet a chef who didn’t have some link with Skywalker, Organa or Solo. These people seemed to be everywhere. And after all, if the sister was on the opposite side, the nephew was on their side. Even if that turned out to be more handicap than benefit. Well, if the stories were true. Luke Skywalker had been reckoned, after his father, to have been the best chef in the galaxy. But having learned from Vader’s mistakes, he had gone towards a more simple, more authentic style of cooking. He had opened his restaurant, the Temple, in the middle of nowhere, with nature on all sides, and had gone himself to forage for ingredients in the surrounding woods. He took in many apprentices and commis, and converted them to his way of life and his principles. Until the day when the Temple had burned down, from the top of its thatched roof down to its deepest foundations. And the rumours were that it was Ren himself who had started the fire before going off to join Snoke. Hux didn’t know if it was true or not. And he didn’t care. All he cared about was whether Skywalker was going to try to take revenge for it. And whether Ren was going to control himself. Which would happen, even if Hux needed to personally put his foot right up Ren’s arse. His foot at the very least… He thumped his fist on the table. This was not the time to think about that. There were more important things going on. Wedge Antilles had just stepped back into the middle of the hall. “Ladies and gentlemen, it is time to begin our first challenge,” he announced. Notes: Thank you for reading! I'm so excited to have my work translated in English, you have no idea! You can also find me on Tumblr! And don't forget to check the amazing art Feredir drew for this fic HERE!