As he walks onto the bridge, Kylo Ren resists the urge to shove his saber through the holoscreen. Instead, with a flick of the Force, he cuts off the screen’s power. He had already voluntarily absented himself from the stormtrooper formation and General Hux’s concurrent red-faced rantfest, so he sees no reason to watch it on the screen. He stalks over to the viewport, ignoring the trepidation he feels rolling off the small crew in waves. He was used to their fear of his mask. The scanner officer whispers, “It’s fired.” But he knows, seconds before the whisper. Within the Force, he feels the awe of the troopers who bear witness to the weapon’s firing, the feeling of their pride and wonder magnified by their sheer numbers. The terrible red beauty of the blast fills the viewport before him. The fiery plume separates into strands, splitting space with arcs of a light so bright that Ren winces a little, even through the polarized transparisteel of the viewport and the tint of his visor. Ren is nearly brought to his knees by what follows. If the troopers’ emotions were a ripple . . . this, this is a deluge, bursting dams and overcoming bridges. He sees the deadly crimson ribbons scythe through the night again and again, this time coming toward him, from thousands of perspectives. Terror and dread, confusion and horror reach a sudden crescendo in his mind. And then, just as abruptly, there’s nothing. Ren turns and stalks off the bridge. Chapter 2 He drops out of hyperspace at the coordinates he’d furtively researched. He doesn’t know what he expected--no, that’s a lie. He does. He’d pulled up three-dimensional holos of the asteroid field, examined it from all angles. Now, taking manual control of the sublight engines, he steers his ship into the field and is surprised when he’s hailed. Startled, he flips comm switches. A canned, aristocratic voice fills the cockpit, its accent reminiscent of the smooth tones he’d heard in recordings of his adoptive grandfather. "Welcome to Alderaan. The asteroid field around you is a cemetery and a monument to the spirit and beauty of our home and our people. Please be respectful. A special welcome to Alderaanians making their Return. Your home will live forever in your hearts, and in the hearts of those with whom you choose to share your memories. As long as those memories live, Alderaan is intact and thriving, and she shall never perish." The recording goes on to suggest that visitors open other comm channels--one to hear a history of Alderaan, one to hear traditional music, one to hear recordings left by Returners. He knows the history, knows of the palm-sized holopad that sits on each of his mother’s desks, silently projecting a planet in miniature--a small, green-and-blue ball rotating serenely, whole and perfect. He opens the music channel and his breath catches in his throat when he recognizes an instrumental version of "Mirror Bright," a song he remembers his mother singing softly to him as she tucked him into bed. When his mother spoke of her childhood and adoptive parents, her face and voice grew soft and sad. Sometimes, a memory would make her laugh or smile, and she always looked a little surprised when the mirth came. He remembered being grateful that it wasn’t just him who could feel so many different, conflicting emotions at once. When he was a little older, he found out that his mother had been forced to watch the destruction of her home after having been tortured for hours by Darth Vader. He was old enough to be appalled, but young enough to ask, wide-eyed, why his grandfather, the powerful Jedi Anakin Skywalker, hadn’t stopped Vader from harming her. As she related the story to him, his mother had a different air about her than when she told tales of Grandpa Bail and Grandma Breha. When she spoke of Vader, she held herself straight and proud, the young princess and senator refusing to yield. But when he’d asked his question, her demeanor slipped. She kissed him on the forehead and exited the room, but not before he saw the tears in her eyes. He could tell that she was trying very hard not to run. He’d asked his father about it later, and found himself embraced by his Wookiee uncle and softly patted by Han, who murmured, “He should have, kid. He damn well should have.”