Soft giggles and small pattering feet frolicked in the dark colored sand. Children slipped through various alleyways and hidden crevices, home to the vile and disgusting or the downright unfortunate creatures of the small gilded planet of Brijugur, whose city glittered under the black sky with torches and extravagant glistening buildings and monuments. Night and day were one and the same here, the sky above never changing its dark hue. There was no sun, only a single moon that radiated the light of the surrounding stars. An eternal light breeze swept away from the cool indigo waters of the ocean and nipped playfully at the plump faces of the two boys as if it wanted to join in on their innocent ignorance. Slowly, all hushed noises grew to piercing silence. The pattering feet halted before a great wall of the monarch’s palace, making the boys shrink in size. Their curious eyes drew up, heads tilting back, to study a lengthy poster fluttering with the breeze from where it was tacked onto the surface. The dark, helmeted silhouette in the center amongst the V-formation of Troopers in white immediately caught their attention. “Who is that?” The small boy asked, fear and dread striking him as he stared deep into the narrowed slit of the imposing black helmet. “You don’t know?” The taller gasped, almost offended at his little brother’s lack of what seemed here to be common knowledge. His voice lowered to an excited whisper. “That’s Kylo Ren! Master of the Knights of Ren! Commander of the First Order! Ma and Da talk about him at their special dinners. I heard ‘em! Our planet is supposedly allianced with him…” “He’s scary lookin’!” The small boy’s eyes flickered about their surroundings. Propaganda was strewn about on most of neighboring walls. The recurring face of the Knight unnerved him. Crossing his arms, the older opened his mouth, whether to protest and continue his delusional spouting he was not sure, as the soft clang of an opening door echoed in a small alley nearby. Light from inside the home across the way flooded at their feet. A feminine silhouette stood in the doorway. “Boys! It’s time to come in!” “Coming, Ma!” The boys gazed at each other with a smile before dashing off to the front steps of their home. The face of their mother was pulled into a look of concern. “You know better than to run about this late at night!” She scolded sternly. She moved aside and allowed them to enter. “Sorry, Ma…” Followed by an exasperated sigh, the door closed and locked. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ The lights of the city flickered and dimmed. The wind picked up, more violent than the gentle breeze before, ripping the First Order propaganda from some of the walls. Blaring lights beamed through the atmosphere as the Finalizer touched down atop the black shore near the city. The departure ramp opened and eased down, revealing the tall, looming figure that was the embodiment of fear and power for the First Order: Kylo Ren. His long strides came to a halt as he set foot onto the black sand. The slitted gaze of his mask drifted from his feet, to the city to his right, and finally to the his desired destination to his left, a small, yet somewhat high end cantina by the name of Zell Tobell Cantina. “Our allied sources have reported that the mercenary is a frequent to this planet and its...attractions,” a monotone and strictly professional voice informed. Kylo Ren’s head turned to find General Hux stiffly make his way down the ramp to stand beside his supposed superior. The ginger haired man’s expression contorted into a look of disgust as he upturned his nose at the cantina, brightly lit and boisterous with the sounds of its rowdy patrons. Normally, the General would not be accompanying Supreme Leader Snoke’s apprentice, however due to the taller male’s short-tempered tendencies, he was ordered to come along and serve as mediator and reason in contact with their target, a mercenary by the name of Culus Cal. “Bring the squad,” Kylo Ren ordered, turning on his heel towards the cantina. “Alliance means nothing…” General Hux barked out for the squad of six Troopers to follow before trailing after the brooding figure. Behind the mask, Kylo Ren’s lips curved into an annoyed grimace. The black sand was somehow getting into his boots. ‘What a distasteful substance to have on such a planet…’ he thought bitterly. As they stalked toward the large wooden door to the Cantina, General Hux nodded to one of the Troopers for him to push it open. The loud, creaking squeak caught the attention of the cantina-goers nearby, and their jaws went agape as their eyes lit up in respect and recognition of the group of men. Taking note of their companions’ pause, several others turned their way until everyone was staring and silent save for the band, who continued to play their music. Kylo Ren ignored the stares and made eye contact with the stoic bartender at the bar counter. “How may I be of assistance to the First Order?” he asked as they closed in on the bar. His eyes gave the implication that he had an inkling of what they were here for. General Hux opened his mouth to speak but was swiftly cut off by his towering superior. “Where is Culus Cal?” He demanded, his distorted voice sharp and blunt. The patrons surrounding began to thaw slowly, returning to their business with a hushed apprehension. None of them was this Culus Cal, so they were in no danger, right? Amongst the seated patrons, a cloaked figure tugged at the brown, ragged fabric of his hood and shifted in his seat as he proceeded to drink his beverage. Not saying a word, the bartender gave the figure a glance, signaling the two before him to follow suit. With a nod from the General, the Trooper squadron circled behind him in case he decided to pull a fast one. Hux roughly tugged out a chair and set himself down, folding his arms out in front of him on the table. Kylo Ren stood to the side, looming over them. “Culus Cal, I presume?” The hood was then removed by a black gloved hand to reveal a deep-blue skinned man, his face detailed in white markings and green serpentine eyes. “General Hux,” he addressed in Basic. “What do I owe the pleasure of being hunted down by the great First Order?” The corner of the General’s lips twitched ever so slightly. “Give it up for the band!” crowed the announcer, dressed in a dull suit of sorts, as he ran out on stage, exciting the respective (and drunken, for some,) claps of the patrons. “Our next performance is the one you have all been waiting for, our main attraction-literally-” This and the added comical eyebrow wiggle earned a few laughs and surprisingly caught the fleeting attention of Kylo Ren from the hushed conversation between Culus Cal and General Hux. The announcer looked to the side into the backstage with a small smile and nodded. “And now, I’d like to present to you...the lovely, beautiful, and, of course, talented….(Y/N)!” Kylo Ren’s fingers twitched. That name sounded so familiar...Another round of claps, louder and accompanied by several cheers and wolf whistles followed as the announcer left the stage and the lights dimmed with a single spotlight casting down on a single figure: a woman dressed in a loose glittering black dress. Her makeup was slightly dark, with her lips a blood red and her eyeshadow a deep purple mixed with a light grey, and her hair in a high updo. Her fingers slid around the small, old version mic in a gentle grip before bringing it to her lips. There was an eager silence from the patrons, on the edge of their seats to hear from this already breathtaking woman. The band behind her began to play her background music, a soft, longing tune. The voice then carried out, the emotion weak and fragile yet the power so strong that the patrons were awestruck and cheering, causing her lips to smile and her eyes to twinkle. Her gaze swept the crowd as she rocked back and forth to the tune. The typical audience, it seemed. Rugged men, sometimes shady. She had always thought she could do better than being the singing star of some cantina on a planet rarely anyone really cared about, no matter how beautiful it was. But this was her life now. She made good money here that she could send home to her struggling family, and it was all she needed, yet she longed for more. In the midst of her internal ramblings and mindless singing, she suddenly felt drawn, a pull she had not felt since long ago, and her gaze landed on the dark, towering man towards the middle-back of the room. Who was he? Why was he staring at her so intensely? She almost crumbled under the pressure, but desperately refrained from getting choked up. She had a performance to finish and a reputation to maintain. Severing the connection, she quickly averted her eyes to someone in the front row. But she could not resist looking back, however he had vanished. Where did he go? “Who is she?” Kylo demanded, once again addressing the bartender at the counter. His nails dug through his leather gloves into the surface of the counter as he tightly gripped its edge. The bartender took a second to glance at the singer before meeting the helmet of the Knight. “Her name’s (Y/N) (L/N),” he informed, wiping the inside of a glass. “Came to this planet years ago. Financial issues with the family, she said, but it seemed like there was more to it than just that, though we never pressured her to spill. She started out working in the markets until we discovered her knack for singing. Now she’s quite the rising star in the singing business.” He paused and rose a thick eyebrow. “Why the sudden interest, Lord Ren?” “That is none of your concern,” his voice hissed through his voice changer. His figure leaned imposingly over the counter, forcing the bartender to retreat in fear as he squeaked out an apology. Just because this planet was allied with the First Order did not mean they could speak to him however they pleased. (Y/N) (L/N). He knew that name. He knew her, someone who he had not seen in a very long time. His head whipped in the direction of the stage as cheers erupted again, this time, as (Y/N) was bowing, smiling at the applause, and beginning to make her way backstage to her dressing room. His fingers curled into his fists. He had to get to her. This may be the only chance he had. He sharply turned on his heel and stormed in the same direction as she had, brushing past the back of Hux’s chair. “Where are you going, Ren?” Hux inquired, obviously irritated in the Commander’s choice to just walk off while he was supposed to be part of this mercenary deal, despite the lack of his attention in it already. Kylo ignored him, focused on the current task at hand. He reached out to her presence using the Force and found out right away exactly what room she was in, if the two “guards” blockading the door was not enough indication. “Out of my way..” He bellowed to them as he stormed down the hall towards them. The guards instantly recognized him, though one was smart enough to run off. The other...was not so lucky. He only got out a few words of protest before his feet were lifted mid-air and the life was suffocated from him. Once his limp body dropped to the floor, Kylo’s hand clasped the doorknob, turning it slowly… ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ With a sigh, (Y/N) slumped her shoulders and glared at he reflection in the mirror. Her eyeliner was smudged, but it did well to hide the tired bags under her eyes. Another long night. Her fingers reached up and removed her earrings, placing them in the small jewelry box given to her by a fan. She gently fingered the velvet cover of it, lost in thought. She wondered how her family was holding up, if the money she would earn from tonight would be enough to send to them. They had fallen upon even tougher times when she last heard from them. She shook her head, clearing her negative thoughts. She was out here for them, and she would do her best for them. Taking another deep breath, she began to let down her hair from its updo, but froze as suddenly she felt a shiver crawl up her spine. There was a presence in her room. Her eyes flickered up into the mirror. He stared back at her. She gasped sharply and turned around, her hands gripping the small table behind her as she met with the dark, helmeted figure once again. “W-what do you want?” She swallowed nervously, chest heaving in panic. Now that he was standing just feet away from her, it finally dawned on her just who this was: Kylo Ren of the First Order. She had heard enough of this man’s doings from the locals over the years. One thing she knew for sure was that if she made even the slightest wrong move, she would be done for. “You’ve changed since the last time we saw each other,” he started slowly. He took a single step forward, closing the distance between them and causing her to press her upper back into the mirror behind her. His helmet tilted forward as he appeared to study her. “Black suits you.” Her expression slightly contorted with confusion. They knew each other? Last time she checked, she had no connections with the First Order, nor had she seen their Commander ever in her life. “Excuse me?” She question. “I think you’ve got the wrong person. We’ve never met.” “That’s where you’re wrong...” His hands slid up to his mask, the mechanics inside it clicking as loosened its hold on his head. His voice was no longer distorted by his voice changer. “We’ve met before, and I know you very well, (Y/N).” Long waves of black curls sprouted from his head as the helmet was removed. They framed a smooth, freckled face with a sharp, protruding nose and full, pink lips. But the most striking part of the handsome man was his eyes, a dark brown that seemed to pierce right through her. Her breath caught in the back of her throat. “Ben…” His black brows furrowed, creating a slight shadow over his eyes. The corner of his lips twitched. “You look surprised...confused...Did they not tell you what had become of me?” He referenced his parents. They had been quite close with her family when they were growing up. Apparently not as close as he once thought. He noticed that she had not eased from her place against the mirror, maintaining whatever short distance was between them. His head tilted slightly. “Are you afraid? You shouldn’t be.” “You’ve slaughter thousands…” she hissed through gritted teeth. “How can I not be afraid?” She was hurt. How could someone she knew, someone who had been so gentle and warm, turn into such a cold-hearted menace to the galaxy? “You think me a monster?” His voice was low, dangerous. The hands at his sides twitched and curled into fists once again. He tossed his helmet onto the plush lounge couch to his left. (Y/N) flinched as he lifted his hand and beckoned her. “Come closer…” She shook her head slowly and stayed firm, stiff against the mirror still. Displeased by her resistance, he yanked his hand back. The Force grasped her by the waist and pulled her off her feet and into his chest, eliciting a sharp yelp from her red lips. Her hands gripped his arms to steady herself. Her face pressed into the fabric of his clothing. He was warm…Shaking her head, (Y/N) began to struggle. But then his arms encircled her, one hand in the middle of her back and the other on her opposite hip. The position was very familiar. His lips touched the shell of her ear. “You would run away from your home to find me, remember?” he whispered. “When your parents fought, you’d sneak into my room, and let me comfort you like this…” Yes, she remembered, just like it was yesterday. Her parents would fight over the silliest of things, but money was always an issue. Their raised voices would leak through the crack of her bedroom door. The anger and hate that soaked their tone would drive her to tears. An only child before the birth of her little brother, she had no one else to confide in but Ben. And when she couldn’t take the arguments anymore, she would sneak out the window and run to his home. No matter how many times she disturbed him as he slept, he cherished her nonetheless, holding her and whispering gentle nothings to soothe her cries. “Why are you here?” His voice brought her out of her memory. She went to move away, but didn’t get very far as he held her tighter against him. All she could do was shift her face up towards his. Her lips pulled into a frown as she slowly let her guard down, relaxing ever so slightly. This was Ben. He may have done some unspeakable things from behind that horrendous mask, but he wouldn’t hurt her, right? She drew a shaky breath. “My life began to fall apart when they told me you weren’t coming back, I had no idea that you…” she whimpered, tightening her fists into the fabric. “My brother fell ill, and my parents were on the brink of divorce. There wasn’t enough money in the house. And I missed you so much...I was so alone. I had to get away.” So she did what she had always done: run away. She needed the money to send to them, but she also needed to evade the haunting memories of their childhood. And now to find that the boy she had been so infatuated with for so long became what he is now broke her to the core. Kylo Ren was silent. His finger trailed up her spine to her undone hair and combing through its strands. “You could never get very far from me…” he murmured, a somewhat dark tone seeping through. The soft, yet rough touch of his lips brushed across her skin as he moved from her ear and finally to her lips. Their breaths mixed for only seconds before they were consumed in passion. (Y/N)’s muscles relieved themselves of their tense state almost instantly. Her arms wrapped around his neck and pulled him even closer. Oh god, she missed this. A part of herself was disgusted with her actions. This was not Ben anymore, but an empty shell driven by hate and leaving death and destruction in its wake. But the other part failed to agree. Kylo Ren was Kylo Ren, but this was Ben. Her best friend. Her first love. (Y/N)’s hands found their way into his dark locks, returning the sharp yanks of entanglement. This, this reunion, was what she had wanted for so long, and now she after so many years she finally got it--her body held flushed against his and lips dancing in the dim light of the room. Maybe, just maybe, if she... “Please stay!” she gasped breathlessly, pulling away. Her chest heaved with each trembling breath. His hands were at her hips and hers cupping his cheeks. “You know I can’t…” he reminded, just as breathless. “Just for a little while…” she whispered pleadingly. “Please…” Sighing, he closed his eyes and rested his forehead on hers. Warmth. Light. Love. Under Supreme Leader Snoke, Kylo Ren was denied from such compassionate feelings, but they were calling to him once again, stronger than the last. Maybe he could give in. To her. To the Light. Just this once... Notes: Please send me some feedback! I'd love to hear your opinions! The planet Brijugur, Culus Cal, and this story's concepts belong to me. Kylo Ren/Ben Solo and the rest of the Star Wars Franchise belongs to Lucasfilm and Disney.