Hux is grimacing and his face is twisted to the side, away from the room and into the weird-smelling plastic of the medbay bed. Sweat shimmers on his lily-white forehead. His right leg below the knee is a tangled mess of gore: chunks of vivid red and pink tissue unraveling away from the white bone that still connects his foot to his knee. He's trying not to scream but it hurts, everything hurts, places on his body that no longer exist hurt. The tiny bomb had fallen out of his greatcoat and hit the floor before exploding. He was lucky it had only got his leg, but he doesn't have the mental capacity to feel lucky right now. He doesn't even have words. He is a single cell. A vibrating corpuscle of light. Awake from the adrenaline and obliterated by the pain. His mind is shredded, like a sapling's new branches ripped open by unfeeling hands. Enter Ren. “What's going on?” he barks through his vocoder. “The general's been wounded. Excuse me,” snaps a young medical attendant, too focused on her job to be afraid of Kylo Ren. She plunks a set of tools down on the rolling table next to the bed and reaches for a little single-use syringe full of heavy-duty analgesics. Ren reaches out and stills her hand. She turns around and looks at him, indignant. "Commander, I have a job to do." "Let me do it," he slurs, hypnotized by the sight in front of him. The medical attendant looks like she's going to put up a fight so he slips into her mind and shuts it off, laying her down on the floor. He returns to look at Hux. "Ren get the fuck out," Hux wheezes, eyes screwed up almost shut. Ren says nothing. He removes his helmet and puts it down on the medical attendant's belly. The leg in front of him looks good enough to eat. He yearns to gnaw on it, bite down hard on that bone and throw Hux across the room by it. But Hux would undoubtedly pass out, and Ren wants him to remember this. He leans over the spongey, ruffled flesh of Hux's leg and drags his tongue all the way up the exposed tibia. Hux screams. Ren feels little bumps and bits of flesh between his tongue and the hardness of the bone. Ren sits back and takes up his saber. Red, red, humming in the air. "Can you raise your leg for me?" he asks mockingly. Hux breathes through his teeth and does absolutely nothing. Ren pushes a hand under Hux's leg and gets his knee in the air. Raw howls run through the crypt-doors of Hux's teeth. The saber blade buzzes through the flesh under Hux's knee easily, but Ren makes a point to take it slow. He hopes Hux can smell his own flesh searing in the air. Ren holds on to his skinny thigh with one hand as his mangled calf comes off in the other. The new wound is clean. It's almost entirely cauterized. They can dunk his leg in bacta and it'll probably heal up fine. Hux is breathing shallow and he's going to pass out soon no matter what Ren does, so he takes the syringe from the table and jabs it in Hux's thigh. There. Now he can sleep. Ren thinks he'll wait a couple days and then start sending him dreams. (Ren's red mouth gently scalding the most private places inside his skin, places so sensitive they should never be touched. He'll feel it when he's awake, and he will burn.)