With Golden String Dirt laced boots clunked against the metal ramp, dried mud being kicked off with every step until Rey finally set foot on D’Qar once again. It had been over two weeks since she had left. Various Resistance pilots gave their greetings as they passed by but their words fell on deaf ears. Rey's eyebrows remained furrowed, the corner of her lips falling down. Eyes focused on nothing in particular as she remained frozen in her steps. Her hands, which remained at her side, were in fists, trembling from the intensity they were being clenched. No one walking by had noticed and she was hoping no one would. A heavy arm set on her shoulders and she jumped slightly, a blink ultimately tearing her from her thoughts as her hands relaxed and her face softened. A soft growl came from Chewie and she offered a weak smile in return. It wasn’t enough to fool him, but enough to let him know she was trying to be optimistic. That was all he was asking. Maybe they had been traveling for too long and all they needed was a sleep for a while. “Yeah, yeah you're right.” Seemingly satisfied with her response, Chewbacca lowered his arm and continued walking, R2D2 at his side, heading toward the entrance of the base. She watched the two of them for a moment, having developed a bond between Chewie that she hadn’t anticipated. Yet, she couldn’t look at him without remembering Han’s death. A greeting caught Rey's attention and she turned, giving a close lipped smile in their direction as she adjusted the bag on her shoulder and started walking. Her bag felt heavy with the lightsaber in it, heavier than it ever felt before. She set a hand against the pouch, preventing it from moving around as she walked. Her hand obscured a good part of it from view, as if not wanting to bring attention to it. The automatic doors slid open in her presence and she continued walking, heading further inside the base. Rey was incredibly thankful no one stopped her to try and make conversation. She was quick to get through the command center, half expecting to pass the General and her chest tightened at the thought. Now wasn’t the best time to talk to Leia, not with the news she carried with her. With a lowered head, she glanced around but Leia was nowhere to be found, but everyone around seemed busy and didn’t spot Rey. She then quickly crossed the crowded room, nervously pushing back rebellious strands of hair, holding her breath until she got to an empty hallway. She looked both ways, not knowing where either passage led, but she knew she needed to be alone at the moment. In Jakku it was easy, but here, the constant presence of people was proving to be stifling for someone who had been alone for a large part of her life. Hearing footsteps coming from the left she continued on to the right, walking faster as she just made her own path, eventually walking down a flight of stairs. Rey had never gotten the chance to explore the base; she had only been given a day after her return from Starkiller Base when she had to leave once more in search of Luke, but had heard of the maintenance level being below the hanger and she believed she was headed in that direction. Despite the prospect of running into people, she continued walking down the corridor, the silence becoming eerie. There were large windows allowing one to peer in the rooms but all Rey saw were empty and unlit spaces, maybe an outline of a table? The light from the corridor didn't give much brilliance to be able to make out what was inside and painted everything with a blue hue. The door to these rooms all were outlined with a red glow, Rey wondered if that meant they were locked. They appeared to be sliding doors and she looked at the control panels which displayed a screen with various options. She was about to touch one but heard the hiss of an unlatched door and the low rumble of a male voice. Unsure where it was coming from she continued walking, turning on a curve that brought two people into view standing outside a room. Rey debated turning around but they immediately turned their attention to her as her boots were thudding against the metal flooring. Captain Cypress straightened at the sight of Rey and gave a small smile, beckoning her to come over as an unfamiliar Resistance member stood near him at attention. “Rey, you've arrived. Has the General been informed?” His tone was chipper, not at all bothered by Rey’s appearance in this level of the base. She only gave a slow nod, looking toward the Resistance member at the Captain’s side. He didn’t look her in the eyes, he looked over her head, body tense as he held his hands behind his back. He wore a uniform that she had never seen before, but the Resistance symbol was emblazoned on the corner of his chest. Her eyes then turned to something more interesting. Their door was outlined with a green glow this time and Rey was interested in the contents of the room as she saw light coming from the glass. Just what was happening down here? Were they meeting rooms? She must have counted at least five on each side so far, seemed like a lot of rooms to be meeting in. “Ah, Rey?” Captain Cypress inquired as she leaned to the right to get a better view before deciding to walk up to the glass herself. Her name was called again but she didn't bother turning once she saw what was inside. The room was white, almost blindingly so. Everything was pure white. A white table was placed in the middle, Rey saw a chair facing her direction, as if it had been pushed back, it was empty but across from it was an occupied one. Rey had no clue who it was, but they had their hands on top of the table and stared down at their lap. Despite some stringy blonde strands having dropped down to their face, Rey could see the wrinkle between their brows and she stepped closer, now making out wounds on their face, but they weren't fresh. The fact that they were wearing a black outfit only made them stand out even more and Rey only turned away from the sight of them to ask, “Who is that?” Captain Cypress stepped forward, clasping his hands in front of himself as he walked. He had picked his chin up and then stood before Rey with his chest puffed out, composed and confident. Rey had to admit she thought he was going to be angry with her. “That is the commander of the First Order’s stormtroopers.” He couldn’t hide the smile begging to be let out. He was very proud of who he had in that room. Rey's eyebrows shot up at the reveal and she looked back to the window, unable to believe who was in there. She’d yet to hear of this person from Finn, but she could only imagine what awful things the commanding officer of the stormtroopers had done to Finn. “Captain Phasma, she's called. We were given wind of her location on a planet, the locals, to put it lightly, were startled by her presence. The First Order had just left her there, for dead. Her armor was damaged, but we managed to stabilize her. She woke up about a couple of days ago and is scheduled for a departure to the Republic who are more equipped for dealing with enemy troops. We've been trying to get her to talk, but it hasn't been effective. Hopefully we’ll get something out of her once she speaks to them.” Staring at her, Rey’s fists started to ball into fists once again. This was the woman who ordered Finn to do terrible to things, the woman who had ordered many stormtroopers to terrible things. The implication of interrogation brought back memories of her experience with Kylo Ren and how he… how he forced himself into her mind. The frustration she felt upon returning to D-Qar without Luke, the rejection, the need to remind herself she was capable of something that she was a force to be reckoned with. It all began to rise to the surface. “I can get her to talk,” was all Rey said, having been flooded with anger at the woman who had done horrible acts in the name of the First Order. “Rey, no!” She heard but didn't listen as the doors slid open in her presence. They didn't follow her in. Maybe they wanted to see what she would do or maybe they went to get General Organa. Whatever it was it didn't matter at the moment. Rey was focused on Phasma, angry at her, yet there was more to it than anger that she had not yet realized. At her entrance, Phasma looked up, her hardened face momentarily softening with recognition. “You remember me?” Following her challenging words, Rey slammed her hands down on the table and inched her face close to Phasma. A light scar had split her brow, another bridge of her nose. A healing scratch cut alongside her cheek. It was clear she was a battle worn commander. Rey already was panting, her emotions getting the best of her. Phasma said nothing and it angered Rey even more. Was she not aware who she was? Did she not care? “Not so mighty without that armor? Without your stormtroopers behind you?” Blue eyes stared back at her and Rey knew she wasn't intimidated and she hated it. Phasma and the First Order should be intimidated. She was part of the Force, of the Resistance. She would put a stop to them just as Luke put a stop to Darth Vader decades ago. She would be just like Luke. “You know I can get the information from you even if you don't say a word.” That got Phasma to shift in her seat and Rey saw her swallow, but her features showed no distress as eyes remained forward. Her tongue peeked out to wet her lips and she leaned forward, baiting Rey. “Do your worst, Scavenger.” Phasma didn't deserve a fair interrogation, she had caused destruction to many planets and countless towns. She deserved to pay for her crimes but not before she told them everything she knew about the First Order and most importantly how to put a stop to it. She deserved to hurt for all the hurt she had caused so many people. A smirk appeared on her face and that was it. She was so smug about this. Loyal to an order that left her to die. Rey focused, never having done this before. She strained, gritting her teeth as Phasma stared back at her. Her smirk disappeared however and Rey could sense… apprehension? Was that what that was? Phasma leaned back and tugged at her restraints, however Rey was not aware she was shackled to the table and didn’t want her to escape, immediately she reached out to grip onto Phasma's hands to keep her there and in that moment she received a trickling on emotions which soon burst through the mental dam. Rey let go, stumbling back as she shut her eyes, not having been prepared for this onslaught of emotions and sensations. She felt fear like she had never had before and then there was pain, so much pain. She wanted it to stop but it couldn't, it wouldn't. “Rey. Rey!” Upon opening her eyes she saw General Organa hovering over her, offering a hand to help her up from the ground. When had she fallen? Rubbing the tears from her eyes she stood up with Leia’s offered hand. No matter how many tears she wiped more kept coming but they weren’t her own, she had no control over what she felt at the moment. “Is this how the Resistance works? Forcing their way into the minds of prisoners?” Phasma spat as two Resistance members with similar uniforms as the one before came to remove her. She struggled in their grip. “You think you're better than us? You're the same as we are!” Rey stared at Phasma as she left the room and despite the anger in Phasma’s voice, the tears that had also ran down her cheeks said something else entirely. Whatever Rey felt, Phasma did too, maybe even stronger since Rey was sure all those sensations had come from her. “I'm so sorry, General,” Rey said, looking back to Leia once Phasma had left the room. “I wasn't thinking, I just wanted to hurt her like they have been hurting so many people. I was so angry, I–” “It's okay, Rey,” She soothed, putting a hand on her shoulder as she led Rey out the room, Phasma was nowhere to be seen. “But I want you to know that we don't do that here.” “I know, I'm so sorry–” Leia gently shushed Rey as they walked. It took a moment for Rey to finally compose herself, but didn't think she could shake off those sensations of pain. “I take it my brother wasn't so willing to come back.” Rey shut her eyes, remembering about what happened with Luke. She felt terrible for having disappointed Leia like that. She had wanted to avoid telling her for as long as she could, but time had run out and she had to face her. “He wouldn't take the lightsaber. He wanted nothing to do with the Resistance.” Rey couldn’t believe it when he had denied her. She tried to convince him otherwise, resorted to begging, told him of Han’s fate… yet nothing persuaded him. Leia remained facing forward as Rey looked to her, trying to read her face, wanting to see how much she had disappointed her. Rey felt like she was to blame. Maybe he didn’t see in her what others saw. Maybe she had no potential. She was just a scavenger from Jakku. Eventually a long sigh escaped Leia’s lips. “I predicted as much. Thank you for trying, Rey.” “What'll we do now?” “Now?” Leia’s tone was lighter than before and she turned to look at Rey with a smile. “Now I believe there's someone who has been waiting to see you.” Rey's eyebrows raised at the change in demeanor and in brief confusion as to who Leia was referring too, but then she looked ahead of them as they walked back up the stairs, eyes falling on Finn and Poe waiting for her, with BB-8 not far from Poe’s ankles. She smiled widely at seeing them. Nothing was better than seeing that Finn had made a great recovery after what happened at Starkiller Base. “Rey!” “Finn!” They both quickened their steps only to embrace each other tightly. Rey was mindful of his back, but she was so happy to see him. She had been worried about her friend throughout her journey to Luke. Once they let go they started to ask each other questions, answering them within the same breath. Poe looked at them, smiling, and Leia walked away, her smile turning to a more neutral expression as she turned away, her eyes carrying a hint of worry in them. She couldn't afford to visit her brother herself, but she needed him to understand how serious this was. Now isn't the time to be stubborn, Luke. The sleeping quarters were dark, the only light came dimly from the clock at Rey’s side. She didn’t have to look at it to know it was well past the proper time to be awake. Rey remained staring at the ceiling, thinking about all that had happened that day. She was grateful for this moment of solitude but found she didn't enjoy being alone with her thoughts this night. She had tried sleep. She had shut her eyes only for them to find their way open once again. She turned from side to side and nothing. Her bed groaned under her movements and she hoped the person in the other room didn't hear her tossing and turning. Rey didn't know if the insomnia was because what happened with Luke or because of what happened with Phasma but either way, she was left restless. How was she to help the Resistance when she had no training of her powers? How could she treat Phasma the same way the First Order would a prisoner? In that moment, she felt the tears well up in her eyes. She pressed her face against her pillow, feeling a huge weight in her chest at the thought that she wouldn't be a Jedi, the ones she heard so many stories about. She had gotten halfway there, became a part of the Resistance, the heroes, but she couldn’t find any use they could have of her. In this dark moment, she wished she had remained on Jakku. Rey wasn't the only one having trouble getting rest. Phasma sat on the cot in the corner of her cell, head in her hands, feet on the ground. Her breath came out in short pants. Every time she closed her eyes she was given blips of memories. Not enough to describe with certainty but they came with such strong emotions, emotions stronger than she ever felt before. Yet she had felt them before. Clearly she had otherwise she wouldn't be feeling them now but how could she have forgotten? How could she have forgotten so much pain? She started to cry, grabbing at her hair in an attempt to understand what was going on. She felt so out of control. Rey didn't get in her head but there was a tickling, a familiar sensation that triggered Phasma to these sensations, these emotions. She could only come up with one explanation, she wasn't a stranger to a Force mind probe. “What did they do to me?” She muttered aloud, wondering how far reconditioning went. It was the only place she could recall with some clarity. She couldn’t remember why, but she could remember how nervous she was. Her wrists and ankles were restrained, she remembered the cool sensation of metal against her warm, irritated skin. ‘What else ,” she urged herself to remember, pressing the palms of her hands into her eyes. Right as she got hit with pain a flash of the Supreme Leader came into view. Phasma let out a gasp, dropping her hands and backing further into her bed until her back hit the wall. It was as if he was right in front of her. Laying back down in bed she shut her eyes, once again succumbing to the flashes of sensation, of pain. Instead of opening her eyes she gritted her teeth, hoping it would go away, hoping that just by letting it run its course, the pain would eventually leave. It was like she was back there. In that room. With Supreme Leader Snoke. No, Kylo Ren. No… Just what had happened in that room? What had she been sending her stormtroopers to? Chapter 2 : Made of Precious Metals Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) At breakfast, Rey was clearly distracted, not adding much to the morning conversation and not even touching her food, which prompted questions from Finn. Even though she had shared with him the events the night before, she told him that it continued to lay heavy on her mind, much to his surprise. Finn reassured Rey that his old Captain deserved to be interrogated with the Force but Rey felt disgusted with herself that she acted anything like Kylo Ren and the likes of the First Order. Phasma was a bad person but Rey didn't need to resort to their tactics. They would find justice their own way. The right way. Rey decided the first step to doing the right thing was apologizing to Phasma. As much as she didn't want to, she knew she had to. Unfortunately, Rey was unable to find General Organa that morning and she feared Phasma had already been shipped off. She searched throughout the command center and asked around, but they all said they hadn’t seen the General that morning, which didn’t seem to bother them any. Rey didn’t take Leia as someone to start the day late. When she came across Cypress, she decided she would ask him about it. He was standing nearby a table, looking down at it. He was busy with work, but that didn’t stop Rey from speaking with him. “No, no. She's still in her cell, doesn't leave for another couple of days, why?” He only had half a mind on the conversation as he seemed to be preparing some documents together. Rey might have snuck a look if this were some other time, but she was more concerned with Phasma and so her eyes remained on him. “I just…” She watched his movements, momentarily distracted. “I just wanted to talk to her.” Her words made him stop and look at her. It felt odd to hear those own words come out of her and she was sure Cypress was just as taken off guard by them. He no longer held an interest in the documents on the table as he turned to face her, eyes studying her. Rey wondered if he trusted her to behave this time. She gave him an apologetic look, knowing she had done something bad and she did want to be forgiven by him. As for apologizing to Phasma, she didn't really care for forgiveness, just understanding that it shouldn't reflect the Resistance. “I don't think that's a good idea,” he finally spoke with a shake of his head and returned to his work, bringing up his metal mug to his lips. Rey frowned, her shoulders dropping at being unable to apologize at the moment, at being unable to make her wrongs right. She shut her eyes, utterly defeated. It seemed to have an effect on Captain Cypress even though he wasn't looking at her. He stopped working once more and sighed, dropping his own shoulders and setting the mug on the table. “Not today, alright?” Rey didn't know why the day mattered but she was willing to listen and come back another day. “See me in a couple of days and I'll see what I can do then.” Nodding, she turned and left although really wished she wouldn't have to wait a couple of days to apologize. This was really bothering her. She didn't care if she was just doing it for a night’s rest. It's not like Phasma deserved a genuine apology. Rey was unaware that Phasma was currently sedated, after trashing her cell in the middle of night and upon waking up almost harmed the General in the medical bay, thus having to be sedated once more. Jedi training went as well as anyone would expect without a teacher. Finn and Rey had found a vacant spot not too far from the hanger and that was where they spent a couple of hours a day. Finn had tried to help with the lightsaber, but Rey was having trouble. Her mind was cluttered with thoughts of continuing a legacy, of having the pressure to save the galaxy like Luke did years before and make sure she didn’t fall down the same path as Darth Vader who also once wielded this saber. It's weight had yet to become part of her like her staff. The staff was an extension of her, every part of it moved as she willed it. The lightsaber didn't. Rey quickly became frustrated. Finn, even though he tried, wasn't a great teacher. With her staff, he didn't stand a chance. By the middle of their first session, Rey was teaching him about stance instead of him helping her with the Force. This was not how it should go. This was not how she imagined it would be. Luke was supposed to be here, helping her. Instead she was here, not knowing what to do, with Finn, who had no idea either. She appreciated his help, but she had a feeling he too wished he wasn’t the one doing this. The training managed to distract her for the next few days, though. It gave her something to do, but even then she couldn't take her mind off of what happened with Luke with all the training. It was starting to get to her. She lost her temper with Finn, cutting off their training. “This is all pointless!” She threw down the lightsaber. “I'll never be a Jedi, I'll never learn how to properly use the Force. Not like this.” “Rey - come on. We’ve only just - Rey!” Finn tried to encourage her but she wasn't listening. She stormed off, fists clenched, heading for anywhere but there. She was so angry with herself. Why didn't Luke see potential in her? Did he think she would go to the Dark side like Kylo did? She shook her head, so deep in thought she hadn't realized she was about to walk into Captain Cypress until it was too late. “Whoa,” he took a step back, giving a soft chuckle. Rey's face was already flushed but now it warmed with shame. “I'm so sorry! I wasn't paying attention -” He put a hand up, signaling for her to stop. “It's quite alright, Rey. It happens to all of us. Next time try not to zone out in the middle of a busy hanger, eh?” She gave a weak smile and nodded. “Of course.” It was then running into Captain Cypress that jogged Rey's mind of something else. Something she had been waiting a few days for, upon his request. “Phasma!” “Phasma?” Rey winced, not meaning to come off that excitable. However, she saw a flash of recognition in his eyes and she was relieved he knew what she was referring to. The last thing she needed to come off as was someone obsessed with the First Order’s Captain. “Ah, yes. Her stay here has been prolonged.” He said with a tilt of her chin. “Don't tell General Organa I said this but I think your Jedi mind tricks worked.” He wiggled his fingers toward his temple but Rey continued to look at him confused. “During her last questioning yesterday, she finally opened up. Gave us the location of a stormtrooper training base.” Rey couldn't believe it. Rey didn't believe it. Captain Phasma couldn't have given in just like that. Rey didn't even get anything out of her mind probe! If you could even call it that. All she had gotten was emotions, not thoughts. Did she scare Phasma so much she worried the Resistance would do something like that again? Instead of feeling pride, Rey felt ashamed that she had scared her, especially so that she acted like the First Order when she did so. “How can you even be sure she's telling the truth? She's a member of the First Order, captain of the stormtroopers!” Cypress remained still, but his face hardened as he nodded, seeing her point. “We can't be sure, that's true.” Yet it didn't seem to bother him by the tone in his voice. “We've already made plans to check out the base location that she gave us. If her words stand, I say her words have earned a good amount of trust.” “It's a trap!” Rey shouted and that earned a chuckle from Cypress. “Perhaps you should learn a thing or two about having faith, Rey.” Her eyebrows furrowed but she shook her head, ignoring him and the implications of his words. “Can I talk to her?” I want to apologize , she almost said but didn't, she was worried it might seem like she cared for Phasma but that wasn't the reason. She didn't care about Phasma's feelings but she did care about representing the Resistance properly. This time Cypress acquiesced with a nod. Rey was brought back to the same room. At least she thought so. For all she knew all the rooms looked similar. She wasn't sure it was good to be placed in a similar environment but she hoped Phasma was willing to talk to her. At least listen, that was all Rey wanted. “We’ll be right outside if you need us,” one of the Resistance soldiers who had walked her over to the room spoke. She nodded absentmindedly and entered the room. This time Phasma didn't look up at her. It gave Rey some time to study her features. She didn’t have to see her eyes, but the way they stared off into nothing was strange. Rey walked slowly, not even wanting her footsteps to make a noise, coming up to Phasma as one would an easily spooked animal. “Come to force yourself into my mind once more?” Phasma broke the silence and Rey was actually thankful even if it did startle her. “I didn't-” she felt herself getting angry, especially volatile after her last training session with Finn, but she tried to calm herself, sitting down this time across from Phasma. “I came to apologize.” Phasma's eyes darted to Rey, narrowing as they took in her words, but didn't say anything. She remained silent to listen, to hear what Rey had to say and make a judgement from that. “Besides, there's no need for that since you've already given us information about the First Order.” Brown eyes met blue which made Phasma look away and tug on her restraints in an attempt to create distance between them. Talking about her betrayal made her uncomfortable and if that was the case, why did she do it in the first place? Or was it Rey that made her uncomfortable? “Anyway, I really am sorry. I was angry with you - I am angry with you. You've done awful things and you deserve to be punished.” “That's your apology?” “ No , let me finish.” That anger began to bubble up inside her again. “What I did wasn't right and it was on me. Not the Resistance. I'm sorry.” “Don't be.” Rey's eyes turned to Phasma, followed by her eyebrows coming together in confusion. Her mouth opened, ready to speak but actually not knowing what to say. What could she say to that? “Even if I wanted to return to the First Order, which… I do not,” she hesitated, ingrained loyalty tugging at her, “I became a traitor the moment I lowered the defenses of the base. That's why they left me for dead in that planet. I've dishonored the Order and they have no interest in welcoming me back. They should have left me to die at Starkiller Base,” Phasma muttered the last part, but Rey’s ears picked it up. Rey wasn't entirely convinced Phasma didn't want to go back to the First Order by the way she spoke about them. It sounded like she was in the wrong for helping the Resistance, even if it was at gunpoint technically. Rey wondered why the First Order still managed to keep her alive by bringing her to another planet if they really wanted to leave her for dead why not leave her at the base? Not that Rey cared of course. Phasma let out a sigh, dropping her glance from Rey's which gave her the time to look at Phasma once more. She wasn't as stiff as the time before, her shoulders hung, her jaw was slack, she didn't seem hostile. It was odd to see a change like this. It was almost as if she were a new person but Rey was reluctant to believe it. “What you did… Despite how intrusive it was, it awoke something.” Phasma looked down at her palms as they opened, seeing something Rey couldn't. “I remembered every reconditioning I was put through.” Her hands then balled into fists. “Every single one,” she enunciated with a pause between each word. Eyes moved back to Rey and it unsettled her the way their eyes met. It was Rey's turn to lean back and compose herself for a moment, blinking to break the stare and casting her eyes down. “You can't expect me to believe you. You were just as willing to tear my head off the other day!” “If I remember correctly it was you who barged in here and attacked me,” came Phasma’s collected response. Unbelievable. Phasma hadn't changed, Rey was sure of it. She was playing a trick. Rey pushed back her seat to get up but Phasma continued. “Either way, I'm not denying I don't want to tear your head off now but your belief is not one that matters. I have convinced the General. I have no interest in the trust of a Scavenger.” Rey stood up from the seat, her cheeks were starting to flush once more. “My name is Rey, not Scavenger. And I'll have you know this scavenger survived in the Jakku desert for over a decade. This scavenger has piloted the Millennium Falcon. This scavenger escaped the First Order’s holding cell.” Her voice lowered as she dropped her hands on the table, leaning forward. “This scavenger is a Jedi.” Phasma kept her gaze steady, undisturbed by Rey's outburst and Rey hated that so much. She seemed so unaffected, she was so unimpressed by Rey and she wasn't sure why she was seeking that approval from Phasma but she'd be damned if Phasma continued to be unimpressed. She'd impress her somehow, intimidate her if she had to. “So I take it you've found Luke Skywalker? Convinced him to be your teacher? What's he like?” Rey opened her mouth, words struggled to come out, unable to decide to give a truth or a lie, unable to discern if Phasma was mocking her or genuinely interested. “You don't have a teacher do you?” Her tone held no judgement, no malice, maybe pity? Rey's pause had given her away and once again she was unable to speak and instead moved away from the table. Phasma continued to stare and Rey right then and there decided she hated Phasma's stare. She hated her eyes. “If you're giving the Resistance false information, I'll personally see to it that you get put down like the animal you are.” Rey quickly turned around and walked away, leaving the room. Oh, she hated her. Training resumed for the next couple of days and Rey was in a better mood despite not feeling any change in her skills. Apologizing to Phasma helped, but it did leave her uneasy. Also a question had been lingering on her mind since then. However she hadn't the courage to ask for another meeting with Phasma. What would everyone think? So she turned to the only person she could ask about this. “Reconditioning? Why do you want to know?” Judging by his tone, Finn didn’t appreciate this change in conversation. He didn't enjoy talking about his time as a stormtrooper. Rey knew this but he was her friend, her best friend. She needed to know what reconditioning was. She asked him as they sat on the grass, exhausted after training. “Phasma said she remembers her reconditioning. Do you remember yours?” Finn stared at her, his eyes, full of concern, hesitation. Rey enjoyed that he was so expressive, so transparent. She placed her hand over his and he shut his eyes momentarily before shaking his head, lips pursed. “I've never been reconditioned. I-I was sentenced to it but I escaped with Poe before I ever got a chance to.” Rey stroked his hand with her thumb, coaxing him to continue, wanting him to know it was okay to talk about this. She wouldn't think any less of him. He opened his eyes and continued to look at Rey. “Do you know what it is?” He responded with a wince, grabbing at the back of his neck. “Just what I heard. I suppose the proper answer is that it's just a way to help a stormtrooper remember what we learned in training, what we’re supposed to prioritize.” Finn looked back to Rey. “But that's not what I heard. According to this guy, they had a friend who knew a guy that had come back after his second reconditioning and… and it was weird. They said he could have sworn they replaced him with a droid if it wasn't for the fact that he saw him without his helmet on. Another guy said a girl in his squad couldn't even remember her identification number for a while. Chunks of her memory just… Gone!” Rey was surprised, even though she shouldn't be. The First Order was a sinister group who did horrible things. She couldn't think as to why anyone would remain there. Even those who believed in the cause. Couldn't they see the damage they were doing, not only to others but to their own people? “Everyone has different stories as to what they do to you, subject you to simulations over and over again, torture you, some even say they do replace you with a droid. I don't know for sure, but I know it was what stormtroopers feared. I can't imagine having to go through with it multiple times. Especially not as someone they'd eventually make Captain.” “Yeah, I don't think so either. I don't trust her Finn.” But. There was that but. She had felt something when she tried to probe Phasma and that had to be real. That pain was too strong to be fake. “Good, you shouldn't.” Finn responded shortly. Rey moved in to lean her head on his shoulder. He set his on top of hers. “Thank you for telling me.” “Of course.” Right then a couple of X-Wings flew past them, catching their attention as one more passed that they recognized as Poe’s. They gave one another a look before heading toward the hanger. This was the moment of truth. The fact that they had all made it back looked good, but one couldn't know for sure until Poe came with the news. Rey, despite unwilling to trust Phasma, hoped that the mission was a success even if she wasn't sure what a success would entail. She didn't know what was the objective and she didn't enjoy being left out of the loop. She told herself she would soon be informed of the Resistance objectives once she was better with the Force. By the time they arrived, General Organa was waiting for them along with some of the rest of the crew. Leia had her hands clasped together, everyone waited with baited breath as Poe started to step out of his X-Wing, BB-8 rolling with him. Rey had never been happier to see a smile on Poe's face. “It's true,” he spoke up once he neared, his three other pilots behind him. “There's a base where training stormtroopers are held. Far too many for just us to deal with, but we managed to get in and get out safely. I don't think I've ever had a more successful surveillance mission.” Poe turned to the three pilots and chuckled with them before looking at Leia. It seemed all eyes were on her now. The few seconds it took for her to speak felt like an eternity. “Very well. Let's come together to decide on our next steps.” Poe gave a short nod and walked with her and some other Resistance leaders back to the command center. Rey was stunned. Phasma had given them correct information. And more importantly she managed to give them enough for them to go in safely and leave undetected. Incredible. And Rey had called her an animal. “I'll catch up with you later, Finn. I've got something to do.” Finn looked oddly at Rey but didn't vocalize his thoughts. He gave her a short wave. “Yeah, sure. You know where to find me.” Rey didn't even wait for him to finish, she had already began jogging toward the entrance of the base, moving in between other people. It wasn't really good to run when it was busy as it was just now but she needed to talk to Phasma once more. She wanted to trust her. Have faith. But something was keeping her from doing so. Rey wanted to figure out what that was. After giving her yet another apology for not believing her, of course. This time Rey didn't bother going to set up a meeting between them through Cypress. She went straight to the holding cell… after figuring out where it was. She had to run through a lot of hallways and ended up asking about it. By the time she found it, Phasma was already coming through a blast door. “Oh,” Rey stopped in the nick of time before running into her and the two guards behind her. “I was… uh.” Rey couldn't form words, caught off guard by Phasma’s close proximity as well as the fact that she was really really tall, hovered over her escorts even. “You're really tall.” Her face started to warm upon saying that, finding her words to be incredibly stupid. She refused to look at Phasma's face, afraid to see her even finding a bit of humor in that. Rey knew she was tall but she didn't know she was taller by that much. It was very alarming and made Rey feel very small. “So I've been told.” Saving Rey from further embarrassment the Resistance guard to Phasma's left spoke up. “You're not supposed to be here, Rey.” Well that didn't exactly save her from feeling embarrassed. She kept her gaze low, feeling like a scolded child. “I know, I know. I was just…” She couldn't say it. “Come on,” the other spoke, urging Phasma to keep moving. “We've got orders to bring her to General Organa.” “Of course,” Rey muttered, moving to the side and allowing them to pass. She only picked up her head once they went by and watched as Phasma walked with the two Resistance members. Before disappearing into a curve, Phasma turned her head toward Rey's general direction but didn't continue to face her. An odd sensation passed through her then and she frowned, shaking her head. What was she thinking? Coming all this way to see Phasma to apologize? She was a member of the First Order. Not an ally. She deserved no apology for “hurting” her feelings. Maybe Rey was just exhausted from training. Yeah, that was it. Notes: Thanks for reading! As always, feedback would be much appreciated (especially if I got any canon wrong). Check back for another update in two weeks! Chapter 3 : A Billion Little Pieces The mission took two weeks to plan. Rey thought it only took so long because in between planning this pretty big operation, other missions were in progress, each one relying on some intel Phasma had given and each one more or less successful. Rey couldn't get over how incredible it was. She wondered what was going on in the minds of the Resistance leaders but she was glad she wasn't them having to make these risky decisions and having to be put in a place to decide whether or not to completely trust Phasma. She remained shackled as she met with the leaders, but ultimately no one tensed when she stood up and people got used to her height. Even General Organa stood near her. Rey always watched from afar, never too close to hear what was going on, not because she didn't want to be reprimanded for being nosy but… She was afraid they'd notice her staring. At Phasma. Her reason for that was chalked up to how odd it looked, it was something new and so it was entrancing. Even in cuffs Phasma was intimidating, the way she stood… the way she spoke, Rey found herself trying to imitate it. She wanted to have a commanding presence, to walk into a room and have the respect of those around her, to not be thought of as just some scavenger. Finn caught her puffing out her chest one day and the two exchanged a look that agreed neither of them would speak about what just happened. No matter how she practiced, she just looked ridiculous. While Phasma, she made herself look even taller and always had her head up, not in an obnoxious way, but Rey could only imagine how much power she had in armor if she could exude such confidence with normal, unkempt clothes. When she wasn’t training, she stopped by the command center, sometimes Phasma wouldn’t be there at first, but she’d arrive, eventually. Rey knew where she came from so she always stood some ways away from there, just afraid of being caught. She didn’t understand why. It’s not like she was doing something wrong. Observing them wasn’t a bad thing, it wasn’t like she was eavesdropping… something about her focal point being Phasma bothered her, however. She didn’t understand why, but she did come up with multiple excuses for it and that was good enough for her. “Is there something you need, Rey?” Startled by C-3POs voice, Rey clenched her fists before turning around, only relaxing once she came face to face with him. “What?” She asked, hushed, not wanting to bring attention to her. “I - I'm fine.” She hoped that would shoo them away. R2-D2 beeped and whistled and Rey snapped her head to him, furrowing her brows at his words. “I have not been spying!” “Forgive my insistence, but we have noticed you spending a lot of time watching the Rebellion leaders.” Rey shook her head, feeling embarrassed at being caught by droids. Who else must have noticed? “I-I'm just curious.” Rey tucked her hair behind her ear and turned her head back to them, making sure they hadn't noticed, making sure Phasma hadn't noticed. She seemed caught up in conversation with General Organa. “Yes, it is a curious sight to behold, a former First Order Captain helping plan a mission for the Resistance.” R2-D2 beeped in agreement. Rey looked back to them, wondering if they knew that Phasma had been the one she was staring at. “Oh, I - yeah,” she mumbled, brows knitting together momentarily. “Do you think it's true? That she's left the First Order behind?” Rey didn't know why she was asking droids but they were the only ones here and she'd like the attention to be turned on something other than herself. R2-D2 whistled and C-3PO looked to him before back at Rey. “He is right. There is a great potential for change in all of us. It is time for a change that is for the better.” Rey turned back to look at Phasma. Finn had left the First Order but he hadn't killed for them like she had. He made his decision early. Why had Phasma taken so long to come to hers? And only once they abandoned her. “I don't know, she's -” Rey pursed her lips at an inability to come up with what she wanted to say. Throughout her watch of Phasma, she grew to notice small things. The way Phasma stood, how she didn't speak with her hands and that they could remain in place for quite some time… if it weren't for her unruly hair that, while cropped short on one end, had some length to it on the other and every so often she'd grow tired of her hair in her face and push it back. Sometimes it would happen slowly, as if she wasn't even realizing what she was doing, other times it was clear it was one of frustration. “Different.” Phasma was different. Unlike anything she had ever seen before. Women like her in Jakku… there were no women like Phasma in Jakku. Even if there had, Rey mostly kept her head down, stuck to her routine of scavenging, trading, eating, sleeping. Repeat the next day. General Organa had a commanding presence as well, but it was different. Phasma was different. It was all Rey could come to. If this mission was successful it would deliver a great blow to the First Order. Maybe just as much as the destruction of Starkiller base. Rey hoped it would be successful because for the time being they needed some hope while Kylo Ren and Hux continued to remain missing. She was curious as to why they didn't ask for that information first but Rey assumed General Organa knew best and maybe she was waiting to see if Luke would come on his own. Rey had her doubts about that. He wasn't coming. He wouldn't ever. He saw no galaxy worth saving, no Jedi worth training. “I'm going on the mission,” Finn told her in the middle of training during that second week. It caught Rey by surprise, she dropped her staff and straightened herself up. Her face scrunched up, eyes squinting. “What?” The two of them had been training hard but neither of them were ready for something like that. “General Organa informed me this morning. I'm excited.” Rey should have been happy for him but instead she was confused. Maybe even jealous. “We've only just begun training.” Finn’s smile dropped and he frowned at her. Rey immediately felt bad but didn’t believe her words would have that kind of effect on him. She didn't like seeing him upset. Maybe it was her tone. She did sound angry. “I'm sorry, Finn.” “No, no. I get it. The thing is Rey, ever since I managed to get on my feet, I started training with Poe.” He sighed. This was clearly something he had wanted to say for a while. “I'm sorry, Rey.” She blinked, not having realized. She wondered what Poe had trained Finn in. Piloting? She felt even more envious and was ashamed of herself so she put on a smile. “That's great, Finn. Don't be sorry.” She walked over to him, her anger having faded away. She was proud of Finn but she was also worried something might happen to him and she wouldn't be there. She couldn't stand the thought of losing her best friend. “Just promise me you'll be safe.” She said as she gripped his shoulders. Finn gave a small chuckle and nodded. “I'm only reckless when I'm with you.” That made Rey grin and she put an arm around him. “Just as it should be.” They both laughed and Rey considered herself lucky to have made a friend like him. However, she didn't know if by accepting the mission, he was showing he trusted Phasma or if he was just obeying what Leia told him to do. Either way, she was going to miss him when he left, who would she have to spend time with? And most importantly, why wasn't an offer extended for her to join? General Organa was speaking with a Junior Controller, but Rey couldn’t hear what either of them were saying. The conversation didn’t look too serious, Leia was smiling at the other woman and nodding her head. Rey fidgeted with her sleeves, looking down to try and garner enough courage to speak with General Organa. Once the two stopped speaking and Leia started to walk away, Rey followed her, trying to catch up. “Uh, General?” Leia turned around, eyes brightening at seeing Rey. “Rey, what can I do for you?” “Why wasn’t I invited to the mission?” Rey came out with it, not able to dance around the topic without being upfront. Leia raised her brows, silent for a moment before motioning Rey to follow her into a more secluded part of the command center. The chatter of those around them decreased as they moved to the side, away from the path of others, but still within the range of the command center. Rey awaited Leia’s words, not sure what it could be. Her insecurities told her it was due to the fact that she wasn’t training in anything. She wanted to believe that there was no room for her. Chewie had taken the Millennium Falcon with him when he went back to Maz’s castle to help her rebuild. “Rey,” Leia began and Rey closed her eyes, already regretting having asked the question. “I don’t want you to feel like you were singled out in this.” She rested a hand on Rey’s shoulder. It was so comforting, Rey didn’t know how she did that. “No, no I just - I don’t know.” Her mind raced for an excuse. “I’m worried about Finn.” Oh, she hated using her love of her best friend like this. Leia nodded, dropping her hand from Rey’s shoulder. Was she aware Rey had lied? Or had not told the whole truth. “I understand your hesitation, but we have worked with Phasma to make sure everyone comes home safely.” Rey’s eyes darted to Leia at the mention of Phasma. Why did just the mention of her strike such a strong feeling in her already? She barely knew her. Didn’t know her. “How can you trust someone like her, General? She was part of the First Order. Might still be…” “It was a very difficult thing to do and not something we treated lightly, I assure you. We had to make sure she was capable of giving honest intel. You have no idea how many First Order members we’ve gotten. Few give true intel and even less renounce the order entirely.” While her brows furrowed, Rey looked away from General Organa, understanding what she was trying to say. “She isn't Finn,” Rey urged, actually challenging General Organa’s judgement. “This isn't some stormtrooper -” “No, she was the Captain of the stormtroopers and more importantly was one of the leaders of the First Order.” Leia’s tone, while soft, still cut through Rey's own. “You think,” Rey began, having come to a thought she was afraid to voice. “If she was able to do it… so would your son.” Rey returned her eyes to General Organa. Inhaling deeply, she nodded, giving an exhale after. “I know there is good in him. Just as there is good in Phasma.” “With all due respect, General, you weren't there when.. when he -” Rey couldn't even say that. Kylo had killed his own father. How could there be any good in someone who did that? “I knew what occurred the second it happened, Rey.” This time Leia’s tone had gotten sharper and Rey was intimidated by it. “I'm sorry, General.” “We’re as much capable of awful things as we are of good things. Just like the Force knows neither good nor evil, it's up to you and how you use it.” Rey's eyes momentarily fell only to come back to Leia. She nodded, understanding and agreeing. Rey was no saint. Jakku was an unforgiving planet. Getting a good salvage meant getting to eat and sometimes… sometimes you were really hungry. “Thank you for your time, General.” “Leia. It's okay to call me Leia, Rey.” The two smiled at each other, small, soft smiles. Rey nodded and was the first to take a step back and walk away. On the morning of, Rey had to say goodbye to Finn. He lowered his head and she sent him off with a kiss on the forehead but not after hugging him one last time. “Don't make me have to come and rescue you.” Her friend laughed into her shoulder. “At least we'd be even.” With that he left and Rey was alone. Not exactly alone. There were still Resistance members on the base, plenty of them. However her friends had left. General Organa wasn't even around for the rest of the day. She had gone to talk about the future of Phasma with the new leaders of the Republic. So, with no company, Rey walked around the base. She didn't feel up to training after all. Not without Finn. She tried to make conversation with some Resistance members, but many of them were busy and had no time to spare with chit-chat. Rey understood, but she was utterly bored and for once… didn’t enjoy being alone at the base. It didn't take long for her to get an idea in her head and she tried to ignore it as much as she could but eventually she had to give in. Rey wanted to talk to Phasma. Ask her about what was going on. Maybe try to see what General Organa saw. Throughout all this she hadn't spoken with her. If anyone asked, Rey just happened to come across her cell. She really hoped no one would ask though. “Phasma?” She called out and immediately hated herself, hated how her voice sounded. It sounded small, weak and Rey was working on gaining respect from Phasma and that was not the way. Insulting her wasn't the way as well, she'd have to try and keep her tongue bitten. Rey considered turning around since she heard no one respond but just before then, Phasma answered. “What is it, Scavenger?” A smile graced Rey's lips but she shook her head to remove it, feeling weird by this whole situation. Was she that desperate for company? She could have gone to C-3PO, instead she was here, trying to seek out Phasma. She continued walking now, coming up to Phasma's cell. It was different than what she had pictured but not as bad as the First Order’s interrogation room. A cot lay in the upper left corner of the room and to Rey's nearest right was a small desk with a stool. Books were stacked on the desk but Rey's eyes didn't linger on the books for too long. To enclose it all was an energy field, a light blue hue with a soft hum made Rey aware it was on. She was about to lean on it but then second guessed herself, not knowing what happened if touched. “Go ahead, touch it. It's safe.” Phasma was standing in the middle of the room, only a couple of feet away from Rey. She looked too large for the room. With a shake of her head she responded to Phasma's insistence. “I'm not gonna touch it. What if it -” “Shocks you? I told you it's safe.” Phasma took a step and half and she was already within the same distance Rey was from the field, which was pretty close. “Here. I'll touch it with you,” she said, lifting her hand up to her waist. Rey didn't trust her. She was lying, going to pull her hand away in the last centimeter before she touched the energy field. “No, I said no.” “You don't trust me?” Her tone made it clear she already knew the answer. Phasma was only baiting Rey. “You know I don't.” Phasma dropped her hand and averted her eyes momentarily, not wanting to come off affected by Rey's lack of trust. Maybe she was. But she couldn't let her know that. How would it appear? Rey's trust was not one that mattered. “Ah, that's a shame.” Phasma said with a sigh, lifting her arm to rest her forearm against the energy field, showing that it was indeed safe to touch. “So what brings you here then, Scavenger?” Rey took a step back, intimidated by Phasma's proximity and her height. Her face momentarily hardened, brows coming together, lips pursing, until she remembered she was here for “company”. She was an idiot. This was the Captain of the stormtroopers. A prisoner of the Resistance. “I was curious as to why you didn't go on the mission yourself. Being that you helped plan it. What if they run into trouble?” While it was an excuse thought up on the spot, it was a worry she had. “I trust in the competence of the Resistance… And if things do not go as planned, they are more than welcome to request my assistance but I am sure General Organa has suitable aids ready to think on the spot.” Phasma paused for a moment, eyes heavy on Rey. “Why do you ask?” Rey could feel the eyes on her which kept her from looking up. She merely shrugged, debating turning around and going to her room. She'd sleep the rest of the day away, she supposed. Phasma brought down her arm, eyes still on Rey, only tearing away as she reached for the stool, pulling it to her and sitting down. It was only then Rey looked up, seeing Phasma sitting down and then picked her head up, feeling better. Comfortable. “Can I ask you something?” Phasma nodded, shifting in her seat, but not appearing uneasy at being asked that question. “Why are you helping us? What did you remember that made you want to turn on the First Order? What did they do to you?” An inhale made Rey look to her, her eyes had turned away as she asked the questions, afraid to look her in the eye but now Phasma had turned her eyes upward, tilting her head back. “That is a lot of somethings,” she began with, but her tone showed no sign of playfulness. Her hands ran up and down her thigh as she remained silent for a couple of seconds longer. “You see, even if I wanted to tell you what I remember, I couldn't. The memories come to me like dreams, I'm left grasping at air. Simply describing what I can wouldn't make you understand. And I'm sure you don't want to hear me describe the pain.” “You wouldn't have to.” Rey spoke up before she could censor her words. “Sorry, I know I shouldn't have but I did. I wasn’t expecting to feel what I felt. I really am sorry for what they did to you.” Phasma nodded, her face solemn. “But that doesn't excuse all you did in their name. You would have died for the First Order not too long ago, right?” Rey didn’t know why she just asked that. She was just speaking her worries aloud now and couldn’t stop. “I give no excuses for what I've done. I'm not asking for forgiveness. I fully intend to face the consequences of my actions once the day comes.” She looked down at her lap, once more staring at her palms, as if able to see all the wrong she had done in her hands. “Until then, I will help the Resistance.” It was difficult to be angry at her, Rey found. She wasn't doing this so she could get out of being sentenced. It seemed genuine. Yet, Rey was struggling with trust. She always did but with Phasma it was different. “Have I earned a chance to ask a couple of questions myself?” Phasma's voice was surprisingly soft and Rey had to look at her lips to make sure that voice was actually coming from her. She didn't know what Phasma could ask but feared it all the same. Still, she supposed she earned it. She responded with a short nod. “Is Luke Skywalker training you? Why have I not met him yet? Is he not in the base?” It was Rey's turn to sigh. She didn't know how to answer but figured if Phasma had been truthful, it would be the right thing to be truthful as well as much as she worried about the potential vulnerability with answering this question with complete truth. “Luke is not training me. He's not here. He… obviously didn't see anything in me worth training so he wants nothing to do with this.” Rey was clearly agitated but her voice also trembled. It hurt. It took a moment for Phasma to speak up and Rey began to regret being honest. “You should know, Ren thought highly of you. Not that his opinion should matter on its own, but he has trained with Skywalker, he has trained with Supreme Leader Snoke and yet you, a scavenger, managed to catch his attention with how much potential you have. He recognized it. I don't believe your lack of potential is what kept Luke away. However, that doesn't matter. He had his moment of heroism didn’t he?” Rey wanted to interrupt the moment she brought up Kylo Ren, but kept it in. She didn't know if she should have because she wasn't sure what she just heard. Was that a compliment from Phasma? A sort of pep talk? This was the most unusual situation she had been in. “I guess he did… But General Organa won't even send me on a mission. They won't train me how to fly a x-wing. I'm left here. I feel useless. Why don't they want to use me?” She spoke more than she wanted and realized it only after. She hoped Phasma wouldn't judge. She voiced an insecurity in front of Phasma of all people. “I recommended you stay out of the mission.” Rey snapped her head up at Phasma. “Why? Why would you do that?” Rey took a step back, her body tensing. “There is something you need to know. I wanted to make sure I was positive of this before I said it and all the missions the Resistance did made it very clear. Ren is in hiding, finishing his training. It is important you work on yours otherwise, even without my troops, the Resistance won't have a fighting chance.” Rey couldn't believe it. Still her anger faded but it turned into fear. She held her own with Kylo Ren at Starkiller Base but she knew he underestimated her. Now he would be fully trained and know what she was capable of. He would win. “How do you want me to work on Jedi training? I just told you Luke wants nothing to do with me!” Rey put her hands on her head, feeling an incredible weight on her. “Who's going to train me? Who?” Phasma had no answer to that. And Rey wished she did. Rey trained until she ached for the next few days. She practiced with her staff for hours, until she was left to the point of tears. Until she was exhausted and still she knew even if she trained like this until she faced off with Kylo Ren, it'd be useless if she didn't know how to handle the lightsaber, if she didn't know how to use the Force. It upset her to the point of rage that she was left on her own like this. Once again. After she took out her frustration on a tree she returned to the command center, wondering if General Organa had arrived. Everyone seemed at their usual, her eyes scanned the area but she caught something out of the ordinary. Phasma was being escorted out of the room. She ran to the other end of the room, turning the corner with them and eventually stopping before them. “What happened? Did something go wrong? Is Finn hurt?” Rey shot out, waiting for Phasma's response but she was taking too long to respond. “Nothing happened. I wasn't needed for the mission.” Phasma's voice was steady but it was too out of touch as if trying to remain vague, distanced. “Then what were you brought out for?” “I was requested to answer a few questions for the Republic.” That confused Rey even more but she felt good to see Phasma. Not that she wanted to see her but she had been wanting to apologize once more for the way she acted in their last meeting. It was immature of her. Phasma was only trying to help. “Sorry,” she voiced, directed at her escorts. “I need to speak to Phasma for a bit. Privately.” She emphasized her last word. The Resistance members looked at each other before giving a shrug and stepping out of earshot but not keeping Phasma out of their sight. Not much she could do anyway as Rey noticed she was still cuffed. “Phasma -” “Listen -” Rey shushed herself and Phasma held her tongue as they both began at the same time. It seemed to have caught them both by surprise and Rey stuttered until Phasma motioned toward her. “Please, continue.” With a hint of a nod, Rey's mind returned to what she wanted to say. “I wanted to apologize for how I acted -” “You've been saying that a lot lately.” Rey narrowed her eyes at Phasma, unsure if she was making out a smile in her lips or a tease to her tone. Maybe she was just imagining she was. Focus, Rey . “Like I was saying, I want to apologize. I shouldn't have acted like I did. You must think of me as a child -” “Don't apologize,” Phasma spoke up, her tone even, yet piercing through Rey's. “You've been saying that a lot lately too.” On Rey's end, she did smile and was teasing and as she looked up with a rather coy look at Phasma, it was the first time she saw Phasma affected by something she did. Her eyes widened and her jaw unhinged but it was brief - long enough for someone who was watching to notice but able to be missed if not paying attention. “Uh,” Phasma dropped her head and cleared her throat. “I wished to apologize as well.” Rey's eyebrows knitted together at the notion but moved closer, interested in what Phasma had to say so she remained quiet. “I shouldn't have told you about Ren. Not like that at least. I'm very ashamed of how I came at you. I wish to be honest now.” She inhaled, picking up her head and looking to Rey. “I believe in the Resistance. They are far more capable than I would have given them credit for. But most importantly, I believe in you. You don't need a teacher. What does a washed out Jedi know anyway?” Rey let out a huff of a laugh at that last comment but couldn't believe the nice words that had come out of Phasma's mouth. She wondered if her cheeks were turning red because she most definitely could feel her face heat up. “Thank you, Phasma.” Rey tried to hold back the smile that wanted to come out so it was her turn to bow her head. “Can I - can I ask you one more thing?” Phasma gave a nod along with a grunt. “Why did General Organa need you to speak with the Republic?” Phasma blinked and turned her eyes away, her head following shortly after. She didn't want to answer or maybe didn't know how. Maybe she was ashamed. Rey didn't know, couldn't tell but the question was not one she welcomed. “The Republic believe I have stayed on the base for too long. Word has gotten out of my capture and the people, justifiably, want blood. The Republic is curious as to why the Resistance refuses to hand me over and I had to speak on my own behalf after General Organa argued for my extended stay in the base.” “What did they say?” Rey was suddenly hit with apprehension that Phasma might leave. That she would be charged for her crimes and Rey would never see ever again. Why did that create so much stress in Rey's mind? “My future is still being discussed. I've made my peace with both outcomes.” The way Phasma spoke about it was so clinically like she was speaking of something that didn't involve the rest of her life. “Don't you want to stay here?” Rey urged, looking up into Phasma’s eyes and she saw it again. She saw the surprise in her eyes, making it clear she was caught off guard and Rey was too by her own words. Phasma didn't get a chance to speak since one of the Resistance escorts came up to them saying it was time for Phasma to return to her cell. Rey could only oblige and be left without an answer to her question. She wasn't sure if she was better off with one or without. Chapter 4 : Like Broken Satellites One more day and the team returns to the base. Rey wished she could say that the anxiety she felt had entirely to do with Finn’s safe arrival home, but it didn't. She worried of what would happen to Phasma, of where her future lied. It wouldn't be right to not have Phasma face the consequences, but she genuinely believed Phasma was an aid to the Resistance. Couldn't it wait until the war was over? Training with that anxiety in you wasn't a good idea, but Rey continued. She wanted to show Finn when he came home, one week later, how much she had improved. The weight of the saber was still off but she was trying to overcome it. She had set up training dummies, made up with whatever scrap parts she could find in the maintenance level of the base and the lightsaber could cut through them nicely. With a swing, the blade sliced through the metal, unfortunately not in the way Rey wanted. She went for a clean decapitation move but instead it was a diagonal slash, a horrible one at that, the final cut being at a higher point than when she made the first cut. The saber returned to her side and she stared at her ugly work, panting, feeling that anger rise up in her once more. “You're not shifting your weight correctly.” With a hum, the lightsaber came back to life as she turned around, startled at hearing someone behind her. She had never been bothered while training before. Her eyebrows furrowed upon seeing Phasma in front of her. “Wha - ” she began, spotting the General some paces behind her, which confused her further. What was going on? Had something happened? The saber turned off and Rey let it slip out of her fingers. Her eyes returned to Phasma and she saw she was still cuffed. Their eyes met and Phasma looked down, building up the courage to speak what needed to be said. Rey wanted an explanation for all this and while she wanted it now, she was polite enough to wait for Phasma to provide one. “As you’ve been made aware, the Republic and General Organa have been discussing what to do with me.” She picked up her head. “The Republic’s leaders wouldn’t budge. They didn’t think it was proper of me to remain with the Resistance and even if my movements were escorted, they said it would be waste of Resistance resources. That and spending my time in a holding cell did not make the Resistance look well. Resistance leaders agreed with them.” Phasma took a breath and Rey grew considerably more worried and she didn’t know why. She shouldn’t be feeling upset that Phasma had to leave. “The thing is, General Organa is just as stubborn.” A smile tugged at the corner of Phasma’s mouth and she glanced over at Leia. “She argued strongly for me to remain, of which I am extremely grateful for. Eventually, they had no choice but to reach a compromise.” Returning her attention to Rey, she kept her gaze steadily on her. “I am given free range and am able to walk around the base freely, so long as I am supervised.” Rey looked to General Organa, not having expected her to willingly agree to supervise Phasma. Clearly, Leia had much more important things to do. How could the Republic agree to such a thing? “I requested you to be my escort of sorts.” Rey jerked her head back to Phasma, eyes widening. “Wait, me? You picked me?” “Other arrangements can be made if you -” “No, I -” I want to . “I can do it.” She nodded, keeping her eyes on Phasma. “I can do it.” She repeated, both to reassure Phasma and to reaffirm herself that she was capable of doing such a thing. She looked over at Leia, who she then gave a thumbs up. It was strange but Rey wasn't sure how else to act. The thumbs up seems to be enough for Leia as she promptly turned around and left. Now that she was gone there was this strange awkwardness between them. Rey had yet to see Phasma outside of the base. “Why me?” Phasma picked her head up, brows raising just a bit. “Aside from General Organa you are the only one who visited me with frequency.” “So you only chose me 'cause I talked to you?” That came out sounding pathetic, as if Rey was asking for more but it also made Phasma look like she didn't exactly have a choice in the matter which wasn't the case. “The truth is I had ulterior motives in requesting you.” Rey said nothing, but couldn't hide a blush coming to her cheeks so she looked away. She didn't even know why she was blushing but it came anyway. “If you'd let me… I'd like to help you train.” A scoff came out of her mouth before she could prevent it and Rey felt terrible at how Phasma's face fell. However she quickly repaired it with a more neutral expression. “Sorry, I just - you want to help me train to be a Jedi? It's ridiculous!” Phasma inhaled deeply, taking a step back, gathering her thoughts before returning her eyes to Rey. “No. I can't train you to become a Jedi - or a Sith if that's what you're worried about, but I can help or at least I believe I can help you train to become a better force-user.” Rey continued to stare at Phasma, wondering where this was all coming from and wondering if she could trust her words. Sure, Leia trusted Phasma but did that mean they all could? Should ? Once Phasma started listing off her experience Rey shook her head interrupting her. “No, no it's fine. I'm sure you have some experience training others. It's not that…” Phasma kept her gaze steady and Rey herself wasn't sure what it was that was keeping her from accepting it, but decided to just ignore it for the time being. “You know what? Sure. I honestly do need all the help I can get. “Understood.” Phasma gave a brief nod and Rey couldn't help but notice the corners of her mouth twitching in an effort to mask a smile and Rey had to avert her attention elsewhere because the idea that something like this caused Phasma to smile made Rey feel funny. “So… instructor ,” Rey mocked, “what's my first lesson?” “Right. First lesson.” Phasma lifted her hands, showing her shackles that Rey had forgotten she was wearing. “Free me from my restraints.” It was Rey's turn to take a step back, mouth dropping in surprise. Surely Phasma was joking, even though Rey had yet to ever hear her make jokes. “I can't do that!” “Have you ever tried?” Phasma asked, beginning to walk a slow circle around Rey. “Just try it.” “Please tell me you've got the code to unlock them yourself if I can't do it.” “Nope,” Phasma opened her hands. “My freedom," her eyes trailed down to the cuffs then back to Rey, "depends on you,” she emphasized with a pointed finger at Rey. “Now, free me.” Rey opened her mouth to decline but decided not to. Instead she just stared at the cuffs, wondering how in the world she was going to unlock it. She hadn't gotten to that part yet with Finn. She could barely lift something in the air for a couple of seconds. Unlocking was on another level she wasn't ready for yet it seemed like Phasma didn't mind. She showed no nervousness at the thought of being in those restraints for longer. It was like she believed in Rey, which was silly to think about. Phasma didn't even know her. With an extended arm toward Phasma and a furrowed brow, Rey focused on the cuffs, willing them to release Phasma's wrists. She heard a small whir, a shift of metal, but no release. “I told you I can't do it.” “You've loosened them." “Huh?” “You loosened the restraints.” Rey sighed, not impressed by her own work. “Yeah but I didn't unlock them. You're still bound.” “Have you ever loosened these cuffs before?” Rey shook her head, she had a feeling Phasma might have already known the answer. “So you've just done something you've never done before?” “I guess.” “You took a step toward your goal. I believe that's called progress. That's your first lesson.” With a beep the cuffs cracked open and fell to the ground. “You don't always meet your goal on the first try, but every unsuccessful attempt is a step toward a successful one.” Rey stood there, wondering what the hell just happened. Her eyes moved down to the metal cuffs. “How did you -” she pointed at them then looked back up at Phasma, her finger following. “You knew I wouldn't be able to do it.” “They were never locked to begin with. You did make them easier to remove. Sometimes you just need a extra hand to reach a goal.” Phasma rubbed at her wrists as she spoke and Rey watched, seeing how chaffed her wrists got being in cuffs. She frowned and maybe Phasma saw her because soon after she dropped her hands to her her side, her long sleeves covering her wrists. “Can we focus on force training? I don't think I can do any lightsaber training again for today.” Phasma agreed with a nod. “As you wish.” Rey was absolutely overjoyed once Finn came back to base. She was so proud of him but at the same time she was relieved to see him back safely. Other reunions took place, the hangar was busier than usual as more X-Wings landed and everyone was in a celebratory mood as the mission was a complete success. Once she got Finn in her arms she gave him a firm embrace, grinning widely before grabbing him by the shoulders. “How was your first Resistance mission?” “Oh, Rey it was amazing! You should have seen it!” He started to describe what had happened, his arms moving about excitedly and Rey soaked up all his words with just as much excitement. Once Poe came along, the two of them began to tell their story of how the two of them brought down hundreds of troopers. Finn argued it was more like thousands. Everything was blissful for a moment until Finn caught sight of his old Captain. Rey saw him give a curious look and when his look quickly faded to anger, she knew what he had laid his eyes on. Phasma was none the wiser however. She stood a few paces behind Rey, enough to to let people walk between them but she was still bumped into. Some apologized, only to look at her and be shocked and others kept walking by, saying nothing. She felt out of place in this spot. Felt abnormally tall. She was rather anxious and had almost half a mind to take a large step forward and tug on Rey's sleeve to politely ask if they could move indoors or somewhere less occupied. She wasn't given the chance however. “What is she doing out of her cage?” Rey hadn't expected his anger. Annoyance, probably but he just completed a mission with her help and basically with her strategy! When he took a step forward, Rey was quick to move and place a hand on his chest. “Finn!” The pitch in her voice caused Phasma to jerk her head toward Rey, briefly looking bothered but when she saw Finn, her eyes softened, not perceiving him as threatening at the moment. Angry, yes but nothing to be worried about. She took a step forward, closing the gap between herself and Rey. “Congratulations on a successful mission,” she said with a bow of her head to both Poe and Finn. “Thanks,” Poe responded hesitantly, not sure what to say to that. Rey kept her hand on Finn’s chest. “Finn,” she spoke softly now and he turned his eyes to her. “There’s no reason to be upset, alright?” She hoped he would calm down. He never usually got so angry. Rey wondered if a small part of him feared Phasma or was still intimidated by her and that’s why he acted so aggressive toward her. “But why is she here?” Rey wasn't sure Finn would understand but felt the need to tell him anyway. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, eyes moving from Finn to Poe. “I've been assigned the duty of being Phasma’s…” She couldn't think of a good word for it. Guard? Escort? “Keeper.” That wasn't any better and she winced slightly as it came out and saw the look on the boys’ faces. “You're supposed to be busy training, Rey. Why would General Organa allow this?” Rey sighed, dropping her head, unsure what to say but glad Finn’s voice was soft. “Phasma offered to help,” she added weakly, knowing Finn wouldn't like it. “Before you say anything, she's already started and… and I don't mind it.” Phasma's eyes looked to Rey as she spoke, maintaining a calm face but affected by Rey's words. “You will be busy with Resistance duty while I on the other hand, have much time on my hands,” Phasma spoke up, looking to Finn. She remembered training him and there was no doubt he remembered it as well. He appeared to be struggling with himself, brows came together in anger at Phasma but they turned to concern toward Rey. He reached out for her hand. “If you think it's okay, then I agree with you.” Rey smiled, appreciative of his understanding. “Thanks, Finn.” With that he dropped her hand and headed in the base with Poe who had put an arm around his friend as he hung his head. He was upset with the decision, Rey knew it. Maybe she should have been too. “I didn't mean to ruin the reunion.” Phasma spoke behind her. Rey sighed and turned around to face her. “You didn't. I was really happy to see him again. He just needs time to process it.” “If you'd like I could remain in my quarters while the three of you spend time together. I am sure you wish for some time spent with them.” Rey stared up at Phasma, wondering why she offered that solution. She didn't think Phasma wanted to go stay in her room yet she was willing to just so Rey could hang out with Finn and Poe. She missed the two of them and did want to catch up with Finn and let him know everything without Phasma's presence but… How could she be that rude to Phasma? Since when was she concerned with hurting Phasma’s feelings? Would it hurt her? “He needs some time to himself. I'm sure they're both tired. Tomorrow.” Phasma's eyes brightened and Rey smiled. “Tomorrow it is then.” Rey looked over to the side, eyes falling on people walking across the hanger, either heading to a ship or to the base or to their quarters, she was sure. She looked to the direction Finn went, hoping he wasn't angry with her. She took a step, hesitating, before making another and then started walking. She wasn't sure where she was going. Phasma walked right behind her. Not with her. It felt odd to walk together. Intimate. Phasma kept her gaze low, to the ground but still on Rey, not wanting to stray to far from her and get in trouble. She realized that she could just turn around walk to one of the empty X-Wings and fly off. A question passed through her mind. “I wonder if they’re anything like TIE fighters.” Phasma's voice awoke Rey from her thoughts and she stopped walking, turning to face Phasma, letting her come to her side before saying, “You’ve piloted a TIE fighter?” “You sound surprised,” Phasma observed, keeping her eyes forward as she and Rey walked further away from the base. “No - no, I just thought you were a regular ground trooper.” Rey grimaced at her own words, glad her face was out of sight at the moment. “I started off that way.” Rey looked up to her, wondering if like Finn, Phasma didn’t enjoy speaking of her time as a stormtrooper or as their Captain. However, Rey was curious. Her eyes fell to the ground, mustering up the courage to ask, to pry, before her eyes darted back to Phasma’s face. “What was it like? Being a stormtrooper?” Phasma let out a sigh, attempting to mask it as a chuckle but Rey knew better. She immediately regretted asking her that question. She always had the habit of asking too many questions when she was curious. However, Finn was tight lipped about it. She really wanted to know. “It was my life,” Phasma began, dropping her head momentarily before resuming her watch ahead. “It’s all I’ve ever known.” Rey tried to understand it. How it must feel like to only know what it was like to hurt others. She had to do some morally objectionable things in Jakku, but even she knew not to hurt an innocent person. Phasma has killed countless people. Did she regret it? Rey bit her lip before asking another question, feeling she would overstep her boundaries. Had Rey known exactly what Phasma’s training would entail, she might have said no. Might have. Currently, it was a definite yes. Phasma’s training meant waking up when it was still dark out and running. Running . That was all she had her do for a half hour. Run. If she weren’t feeling like all her limbs were about to give out she might have taken in the scenery of D’Qar, the beautiful lush greenery, the sound of the wildlife. Rey had yet to explore D’Qar like this. Still, she was far too exhausted to pay much attention to it. “Are you sure you’re not training me to be a stormtrooper?” Rey panted along their run, barely able to get words out within the first ten minutes. “Maybe,” Phasma responded curtly, not looking the least bit bothered by their run while Rey was sure she was sweaty and sticky and… and she groaned at the thought of having to run for longer. How was this to train her in the Force? It wasn’t just a simple run, Phasma had her run up hills only to run back down and then make quick turns, often with Phasma initiating them, resulting in Rey bumping into Phasma the first couple of times it happened. However as they started to return back to where they started, Phasma avoided the hills. “Self-discipline is vital when using the Force.” Phasma informed her once they had finished their run. “First step is breaking out of your comfort zone.” Rey was left gulping at water, not really listening to what Phasma had to say. She didn’t think she would ever catch her breath. Phasma watched her for a moment, eyebrows coming together, but the glint in her eyes only showed amusement. Rolling up her sleeves, Phasma took a step closer. “Have you never been taught how to breathe, Scavenger?” “ Yes ,” Rey panted as she plopped herself onto a boulder, annoyed with the use of "scavenger" even if it didn’t hold the venom it once did when Phasma spoke it. Her shoulders sagged, and she could barely keep her eyes open, so the idea of arguing with Phasma over the use of that name just didn’t seem worth it at the moment. “Do as I do,” Phasma instructed. “Breathe in,” she inhaled deeply. “Breathe out,” she said with a final slow exhale. Rey followed, or at least she thoughts so until Phasma rested her hands on her shoulders. “Keep these down,” she spoke firmly with an equally firm hand keeping her shoulders down. “Breathe with this.” Phasma set a hand on her abdomen for a moment then returned it to Rey’s shoulder. “Right below your ribs.” She then took a deep breath once more to show Rey. Rey attempted the breathing method, but didn’t seem to quite get it. Her breathing seemed impossible to be controlled and with Phasma so close to her she felt even more breathless. All her deep breathing was probably sucking up all the air near Rey. Yeah, that was it . Even though Phasma’s breathing was controlled, just like everything else about her. “Ah,” she gave a groan of frustration, taking Rey's hand, which Rey actually allowed and didn't immediately pull back like she once did (guess she had Finn to thank for that). Phasma then set it on her abdomen. “You feel that?” “Wh-what?” Rey tugged slightly at her hand and felt Phasma loosening her grip so she stopped her struggle, worried Phasma might give her hand back. Rey could only slightly turn her head away as she felt Phasma's stomach push against her hand. She had felt her own stomach and it was soft, squishy now that she actually had a good meal on a regular basis but Phasma's was the opposite. It was firm. Not hard but definitely nothing like her own. In reaction her fingers curled slightly as Phasma's abdomen pushed against her hand. That resulted in a soft grunt from Phasma as she jerked away, dropping Rey's hand. “Sorry!” Rey apologized immediately worried it had come off like she was groping her like some pervert - but was Phasma ticklish? “It's fine.” Phasma muttered, giving her head a quick shake before pushing her hair out of the way, the moisture of her sweat keeping it in place for the time being. Rey refused to look at Phasma for a moment and she wasn’t the only one who had averted her eyes. If Rey had looked up at just the right moment, she might have seen a brief redness touch Phasma’s cheeks “Now, do you understand what I'm talking about?” Rey looked up and her eyes tried to find Phasma's but she seemed to be keeping her eyes to the ground and Rey nodded, humming in affirmation as she used her method to catch her breath. “Good.” Phasma rubbed at her mouth with her hand, eyes remaining downward and Rey frowned, eventually standing up. Her hands were at her side, going from balling into a fist, relaxing and back to a fist. When she opened her mouth to say something, Phasma spoke. “Alright, I believe that’s enough running for the day.” Her eyes returned to Rey, picking her head up and returning to the composed Phasma that Rey was used to. Rey continued to look to Phasma, a slight wince on her face, worried she had upset her despite Phasma not appearing upset. She remained sitting on the boulder and Phasma looked toward the distance. “Follow me.” Rey jumped off the boulder and followed Phasma as she led them to a clearing. Rey was able to hear the flowing water before she saw it. They had ran by it earlier so she wasn't sure why they came back to it now. Phasma walked toward the edge of the water, extending her arm behind herself, signaling Rey to stay put. She then squatted down and looked to be picking up something from the ground. Rey leaned over to her right to get a better look. As Phasma stood, Rey caught the familiar sound of rocks clinking together as Phasma shook them in her hand. She turned to Rey, still giving them a shake. “I figure before we move to something as dangerous as blaster shots, we can start with stones. Have you practiced stopping something in motion?” Rey nodded, pausing for a moment before speaking. “Any chance I get.” “Oh,” Phasma stilled her hand and let out a sound of surprise. Rey wondered if she was impressed. “So this should be easy.” Without a warning Phasma took a stone from her hand and sent it hurling toward Rey. Rey put up her hand defensively and stopped it before letting it drop to the floor. With expectant eyes she looked back to Phasma. “Excellent, Scavenger. Now deflect.” She threw another stone and Rey sent it flying off to the side. Another stone and another until she was left empty. Phasma said nothing but Rey felt pretty pleased with herself, giving a small grin. Phasma squatted down once more picking up stones once again. “Stop them.” She said giving Rey a second before throwing three stones. Rey flinched and managed to stop two. The third didn't get very far and luckily Rey was able to kick back her foot before it landed on it. “Again.” Phasma reached down for more and wasted no time throwing them at Rey. Rey picked up both hands, her eyes carefully running over the stones and stopping them in her their place before dropping them as Phasma sent more in her direction. Rey missed one or two at first but as they continued for a couple of minutes she started getting the hang of it. Phasma noticed it too. “Deflect.” Rey tensed as the stones were sent her way and as her fingers flexed back, they were sent off in various directions. However, not controlled ones. Rey gasped when she saw a stone smack Phasma right in the forehead and brought down her hand as she headed toward her. “I am so sorry, Phasma. I didn't mean to do it on purpose I swear.” Phasma had lowered her head as she rubbed at her forehead with the heel of her palm. Rey realized she was completely worried for Phasma's well being and not for her retaliation. In the midst of her worries she heard a sound. It came out as a huff of air, almost a scoff. Rey's brows came together and as Phasma picked up her head she saw a smile for the first time. Phasma was laughing. Rey remained stunned on the beauty of it and when those blue eyes looked at her she felt an ache in her chest. “I'm fine. I'm thankful they weren't blaster shots.” Rey blinked, breaking herself out of her trance and took a step back, chuckling to herself, trying to hide the nervousness she felt. “Yeah,” she responded weakly. “We’ll work on that.” Phasma emphasized with a nod as her smile came down. Rey kind of missed it. It looked nice on her. “Let’s continue.” It was Rey's turn to nod and so she backed up to where she was before ready for Phasma to resume the training. She steadied herself this time, making sure she was completely focused. Her focus was proving to be difficult though as her mind started to race with anxious thoughts and she started to feel unusual emotions. And Phasma was at the center of them. Chapter 5 : Shatter Out Loud Rey should have been aware of this prior to training, but Phasma was an excellent instructor despite not knowing anything of the Force. She was able to pick up on what Rey needed fixed and once Rey started to address them, she improved; it wasn’t always by much, but it just felt right. As talented as Phasma was, Rey couldn’t believe this is what she learned from the First Order… if every trooper was as great as she… the Resistance wouldn’t stand a chance, but that wasn’t the case. Phasma was different. Better. “Are you tired? Do you need a break?” Phasma’s voice had only the slightest concern, Rey wouldn’t have noticed it if she hadn’t already gotten used to Phasma’s usual tone. Rey shook her head. “I’m okay to continue. Let’s do this.” “Exhaustion works against you. You fall to instinct and instinct will erase your training.” “I said I’m fine!” Rey hadn’t intended to come off so harsh, but in her cloud of determination, she didn’t even pick up on it. Phasma straightened at Rey’s tone, but eventually relaxed, going into position once more, stepping up behind Rey, bringing an arm around her neck. This was a position that Phasma was uncomfortable with. She didn’t want to hurt Rey, but Rey needed to know how to defend herself if she got into positions like this, if she was without a saber and needed to resort to hand combat, but she had the power of the Force underneath her sleeve. Phasma’s hold on her tightened and she felt Rey’s hands squeeze her forearm as she started to try to get out of her hold. It was easy to keep Rey in her hold as she squirmed and Phasma’s pressure only increased the longer Rey took. “Focus.” She muttered. Rey stopped struggling and shut her eyes, it was hard not to want to kick and push as Phasma’s hold tightened and she felt increasing pressure on her throat, but that was what Phasma had meant. She was resorting to instinct. Inhaling deeply, she felt the familiar buzz of the Force, could feel it settling in between the small gap between Phasma’s arm and Rey’s neck, ultimately surrounding her. With an exhale, the Force released a burst, pushing Phasma to let go. At least that’s all it was supposed to do. Phasma was sent flying back into the nearest tree, which was thankfully fairly close. Although it was unlikely that Phasma was relieved by that. Rey rushed to her side, feeling incredibly guilty at having injured her. This was not out of the norm for their training, but it hadn’t been this bad yet. Rey supposed it was only because they were Force training and not training with lightsabers. “Are you okay?” Phasma had already started to get to her feet once Rey got to her. She put her hand up before Rey came too close, then got on all fours. Rey’s own back ached in remembrance of being thrown against a tree, but she didn’t have Phasma’s resolve, she passed out shortly after while Phasma was already getting to her feet. Using the tree for support, Phasma stood up, but still slightly hunched. “Phasma?” Rey asked tentatively, hands clenched at her side, trying hard to not reach out to her. With a flip of her hair, Phasma tried to stand up and for a brief moment it looked fine and Rey had to admit she lost her breath at that, but then Phasma’s eyes widened and she let out a groan and hunched over once more. “Let’s get you to the medical bay.” Rey wasn’t going to take no for an answer and either Phasma agreed or knew Rey wasn’t going to budge. Either way, she allowed Rey to come up underneath her arm and provide herself as a crutch as they staggered all the way to the medical bay. They had passed the hangar and some Resistance members stopped and looked, but upon seeing it was Phasma, many continued on their way, others eventually did so, but not without hesitation. Rey noticed that and couldn’t help but be disappointed in them. “What happened?” One of the medical aids asked once Rey came in. “I Force pushed her into a tree,” Rey added with a grimace. The aid’s eyebrows raised and she paused before looking over to Phasma, helping her to the nearest empty bed. Phasma hissed as she sat, throwing her head back. She set a hand on her back, the other gripped the edge of the bed. Rey stood by, worried that she had done something terrible to Phasma. The aid sat on a stool and untucked Phasma’s shirt as she pulled it up to inspect her back. The front lifted higher and higher and Rey’s eyes were suddenly on it. Her mind went to the moment where she had her hand on Phasma’s abdomen and she found herself wishing it would lift itself higher. It was plain curiosity to want to know what was underneath. Phasma groaned louder and Rey’s eyes darted up to her face as her eyes squeezed shut. “Hey,” Rey whispered, coming closer, resting her hand very close to Phasma’s, she could reach out and brush their fingertips if she wanted. Phasma’s eyes opened and blue eyes looked to Rey. “Breathe.” She reminded her. Phasma’s eyes held no anger or ill will towards Rey, even if she was the one who had hurt her. Phasma struggled to keep her face under control now that Rey’s eyes were on her. She didn’t want to appear weak and yet she couldn’t tear her eyes from Rey’s warm brown ones. “It’s tender to the touch, but I don’t see any visible signs of a serious injury. You have full motion of your legs correct?” Phasma nodded, bringing her shirt down, only for the aid to stop her. “You haven’t come in for a check up on your wounds.” It was clearly a chastisement and Rey took a step back to allow the aid to move toward the front of Phasma. “I’ll need you to remove this.” Rey was about to avert her eyes, not knowing where to look as Phasma started to remove her shirt, struggling with her sleeves as her back ached, but all Rey did was move her eyes to the exposed skin. There was a healing wound toward her right side, it looked to be in a healing stage and not infected, although Rey was no doctor. Rey would have liked to say that was all that kept her eye, but her eyes roamed and when Phasma completely removed her top, Rey’s eyebrows shot up. An athletic support bra covered her chest, it was emblazoned with a First Order logo to its left and Rey frowned at that before her eyes moved to Phasma’s torso. Heat rushed to Rey’s cheeks, afraid to look at Phasma’s face, not wanting to know she had been caught staring, but Rey had never seen a physique like Phasma’s. Of course Rey was aware Phasma had to be strong, but she never knew what physical strength entailed. The sight of how the muscles on her arms curved made Rey’s breath get heavier and looking at the definition on her stomach caused a heaviness in her chest. She was staring. Why was she staring so much? In an effort to stop, she looked back up and immediately regretted it. She caught Phasma’s eyes and quickly looked away, not seeing that Phasma did the same as well. “This would have healed much better if you would have came in earlier,” the aid scolded Phasma. “I can see you’re a fan of scars, but let’s try to prevent them when we can, okay?” Phasma gave a small nod, starting to put her shirt back on. Scars? Rey hadn’t even noticed any. Perhaps it was because she was too far to notice them. And not because she was distracted by other things. Phasma stood up, holding onto the bed for support, but eventually getting herself to stand straight again. “If there's any swelling of the bruising, like a very palpable bump, bring her back in and I'll check it out. As for now some cold compress will help make it easier.” Rey was at a loss as to why the medical aid told her instead of Phasma but she was speaking loud enough for Phasma to hear, however it was clear Phasma didn't come back for check ups. “Right,” was all Rey could say as Phasma was now starting to leave. “Thank you,” she said before catching up to her. “Where'd you get that cut?” Rey asked as the doors to the medical bay hissed open upon their presence. It was no use pretending that Rey wasn't staring. “When my armor gave under the pressure of the trash compactor it cracked and cut into my body.” Her tone held no anger, she retold it so clinically. “Oh.” Rey let silence come between them for a moment. “So does that mean training is over for today?” “Oh, you wish, Scavenger.” Phasma looked over to Rey with a smirk. Rey had a smile in return as she shook her head. In spite of Phasma’s aching back and Rey's warnings, training continued normally for the rest of the week. Phasma was reluctant to allow Rey to inspect her bruising, but gave in once Rey said she'd refuse to continue if she wasn't allowed. Discoloration occurred as normal, but there was no bump and Phasma went on as if there was no pain at all. Rey wondered how she did it. Rey had begun to feel confident in her grasp of the Force. She wondered why she thought she needed Luke in the first place. Phasma's teachings probably weren't even close to how the Jedi were trained, but Phasma made it clear she wasn't teaching Rey to become a Jedi, she was just helping her learn how to use the Force. However, Phasma would argue against it. She had come on believing she could help Rey control the Force, but there was no control over the Force. Only allowing yourself to finally give in and use it. Phasma felt she was only chipping away at Rey's hesitation to open herself up to it. The growth was all Rey's growing immersion into the Force. She wondered if Rey knew this as well and if not, once found out, would she no longer see a use for her? “You know, you don't have to keep wearing that uniform from the First Order.” Rey broke the patch of silence between them one early evening after training had finished for the day, dusk had arrived and the sun was coloring the planet with a beautiful hue of pink. Rey sat on top of the hill, legs splayed out, leaning back on her arms, while Phasma sat crossed legged, hands gingerly placed on her lap. Rey hadn't even bothered to look over at Phasma when she spoke up, keeping her eyes on the setting sun. It was beautiful, just as beautiful as it was on Jakku, as it is on any planet she assumed. In the time it took for Phasma to answer, Rey worried she had overstepped her boundaries. They hadn't spoken much about things outside of training for the past week. Even though Rey was bursting with questions she too was so focused in training that in the down time she was given she either slept, ate or spent time with Finn and that didn't leave her with a mind full of questions. “It wouldn't be right of me to wear Resistance clothing,” came her calm, tempered voiced. Rey frowned at that, eyes falling from the setting sun. Her head made a move to turn but she hesitated, before ultimately deciding to turn to face Phasma. “Why?” Stupid question. Rey knew why. “You've been a great help to the Resistance. You're even helping me train.” Phasma continued to stare at the sunset and Rey saw the light glimmer in her blue eyes. She almost forgot she had asked Phasma a question until she spoke once more. “I've also killed a great deal of Resistance members. I've done heinous acts under the First Order. Nothing I do will ever erase that. The Resistance doesn't need someone like me associated with them.” Her eyes turned to Rey and Rey felt her throat tighten but didn't look away. “You've said it yourself remember? I've done awful things.” Rey had said that. And it hurt her to know that Phasma hadn't forgotten. “But that was before -” she cut herself off not sure what she was saying or what she would say. Phasma kept her gaze steady, waiting and Rey had to readjust herself to continue. “That was before you changed.” “I haven't changed.” Phasma looked away and set one of her hands onto the ground. “I'm the same person. Only I'm on the other end.” Rey shook her head. “That's not true!” However, she could offer no reason for why it wasn't. “Don't argue with me on this. I'll help you and the Resistance any way I can, but I will never be part of the Resistance.” “Pha -” Rey began but she had already began standing up just as the sky started to spill darkness. Phasma started to walk away and Rey watched, visibly upset. She started to doubt herself. Had Phasma not changed? Was Rey only imagining it? Hoping for it? Ultimately she stood up and chased after Phasma who didn't walk very far, probably because she couldn't. “You could be so much more.” Apparently Rey didn't know when to take a hint even if that hint was from herself. Phasma didn't bother turning around, remaining with her back to Rey, arms at her side and her head lowered. The uniform wasn't in its best condition. Rey could see small tears from where her armor had cut into her skin after being thrown into the trash compactor. It must have been stained with sweat and blood (she doubted it was given that much of a proper wash after she arrived and since). “I can only be what I am.” “This uniform isn't what you are,” Rey's voice softened. “This is Captain Phasma. That's not you anymore.” Phasma remained silent, but Rey didn't miss the way she balled her fists. A hint of fear passed through her and she took a step back. Just in time for Phasma to turn. The moment between her lips parting and her saying something was too long for Rey. “I… I'd like to return to my quarters. Training is complete for today.” Rey stood still for a moment, before nodding. “Yeah… yeah, of course.” She then started to lead the way back to their rooms. Ever since she was released from her cell, Phasma was given a room in the main living quarters. Rey considered it to still be a cell, she wasn’t able to leave the room without Rey opening the door for her, but she supposed it was better than the cell they had her in. Rey was relocated as well, living in the next room over. The whole walk was in silence save for the sound of Phasma’s footsteps. Rey hung her head in shame, knowing she had crossed a boundary, she had pushed Phasma more than she was willing to budge. Yet, it wasn’t like Rey to give up so easily. She unlocked Phasma’s room which opened with a hiss as the door slid open and Phasma quickly entered. Before it could close on itself, Rey stepped in, the door clicking behind her. “Phasma.” She tensed at Rey’s voice, obviously not having expected Rey to enter. She turned around and turned on the lights to her room. Her brows came together at the sight of Rey, however it wasn’t with anger, more confusion. “What are you doing, Rey?” What was Rey doing? She just acted, but now here she was standing in Phasma’s room. Her eyes travelled but before she could allow herself to be distracted in Phasma’s room, she spoke. “I wanted to talk. I’m really sorry for what I said back there. I should’ve -” “You’ve done nothing wrong, Rey,” Phasma dismissed, relaxing her face and walking toward a chair. Rey took the moment to look around. The place was cleaner than Rey’s room. Her bed was perfectly made, not a wrinkle to be found. The nightstand had books upon books stacked on top of each other. As Rey continued to look around she saw more books. Where had Phasma found the time to read these? Sometimes it felt like she and Phasma were together all day, but Rey realized that wasn’t the case. Especially not when she was in her cell. The scrape of a chair against the floor snapped Rey’s attention back to Phasma who had pulled up a chair and had brought it near to Rey. Her head was lowered, her white blonde hair falling forward to obscure part of her face, but those blue eyes still shined underneath as she looked up to Rey. “Have a seat,” she offered, her tone light, casual. It wasn’t until Phasma moved to sit herself on her bed that Rey took the seat on the chair. She felt awfully small in the room and started to doubt her decision to follow Phasma inside. It didn’t help that Phasma was staring. Rey looked at her for a moment, before darting her eyes back down. Who was to speak first? Was it Rey’s turn? Phasma had tilted her head, obviously waiting for Rey to say something. Instead, Rey took this chance to look around once more, finish what she started. It might appear nosy - and maybe it was, but she would rather do anything else than look at Phasma’s face right now. Her eyes moved to a shelf, it had more books. That was really curious. “Why do you have so many books?” Rey asked, as if it were a bad thing. Phasma turned to look where Rey’s eyes were. “Why else?” A pause. “To read.” “What are they about?” Rey was about to look back to Phasma when she saw something peek out from the pile of books. She pointed at it. “So they have given you other clothing to wear!” “Yeah,” Phasma sighed, returning her eyes to Rey, rubbing her hands on her thighs, moving back and forth with each movement. “The books are whatever is on the base. Some belong to General Organa. Most are informational books about the history of the galaxy. There’s also some theoretical works about the Jedi.” Rey turned her head to Phasma, surprised she was even reading all of that. “You’ve read all of them?” Phasma shook her head. “Skimmed, mostly. For most of them I’ve always heard the First Order’s side. It was interesting to read how the other side observed history.” “And the Jedi?” “Like I said, they’re purely theoretical.” Phasma stood up and Rey leaned back into her seat, Phasma’s height still causing a tightening in her chest, still making her pulse quicken. She leaned over to pull out a book, causing others to move to fill the space it has taken, revealing more of the folded outfit Phasma had been given. Rey could only see the colors of them at her distance. They reflected Resistance colors. Shades of brown. “This one has some pretty interesting theories.” She handed it over to Rey who gingerly took it in her hands, cracking it open. “I can’t say I believe any of it, but -” Phasma’s hesitation caught Rey’s attention as she sat back on her bed. “I just wanted to help you as much as I could. There’s nothing written about the Jedi. Nothing from the Jedi themselves at least. Most of it is from scholars who have theories about the Jedi, it appears some theories are widely supported. I don’t think it makes them any more true than the other.” She did it for me , Rey thought and was incredibly touched by the thought as she looked back to the book in her hands. However another thought came to mind. “You know, Han told me that many people believed Luke was looking for the first Jedi temple. If he found it… there’s bound to be lots of information about the Jedi there.” Phasma gave a short nod. “ If he found it. If it’s even left standing. Ren and Vader have done everything they can to prevent anyone from getting information about the Jedi.” Phasma’s tone was solemn and Rey wondered if she blamed herself. It was Rey’s turn to look at Phasma as she looked away. They sat in silence for a while and Rey just watched her, wondering what was going on in her head. She quickly removed that thought from her own, worried she might peek into Phasma’s head by accident again. She didn’t want to violate her privacy like that. With a sigh, Phasma ran a hand through her hair, pushing back fallen bangs and Rey felt her breath hitch at that, but she didn’t know why. She shifted in her seat, wondering if she should go, but remembered she hadn’t finished apologized. “I’m sorry, Phasma.” Phasma shook her head. It appeared they would always apologize when there was no reason to. Rey stood up from her seat, placing the book Phasma had handed to her on the chair and proceeded to walk out, but stopping once she walked past the folded clothes. She leaned over to pull them out of the pile of books. “At least consider it. You’re not the First Order anymore.” She then set the clothing on the edge of the bed before walking toward the door and out of her room. Finn was surprisingly okay with Phasma helping Rey get a hang of the Force. It was mostly because he went on missions frequently now. They were minor ones, such as checking out ally planets, investigating leads on Kylo Ren’s location. Rey was incredibly proud of him, but still felt bitter at being left on D’Qar while Finn was out there becoming a Resistance hero. He deserved every bit of it. She just wished they were doing it together. He had a couple of days between his next mission, he was to return to Maz’s castle. It was to be mostly a friendly visit and as much as Rey wanted to go, she had training and knew she couldn't take a break from it. To make matters even worse, it was time to give attention to what Rey had been dreading, lightsaber training. With the help of some Resistance members, such as Poe and Jessica, Phasma created pop up dummies which were scattered in an small forested area, tripped by pressure. While Rey didn't think she was ready for any of this, Phasma said it was important she got a better look at what she needed help with. Finn decided to show up that day. Rey knew how much he enjoyed the lightsaber. She wished she did as well. But holding it in her hands just felt wrong. It reminded her of Luke and his rejection, it made her think of the two great Jedis who held it before her. Yet here she was unable to do a thing they did. “You have thirty seconds to slice through as many of these as you can. Focus on your technique, keep your speed in mind.” Phasma had her hands clasped behind her back which made Finn grimace in remembrance of being trained by her. As if able to feel it herself, Phasma unclasped her hands. “Am I too late?” General Organa spoke as she came into view. Everyone turned to look at her. “You're right on time, General,” Phasma spoke. Rey's shoulders sagged. Not only was she going to be watched by Finn, but Leia as well? She started to feel pressure to perform well. What if everyone saw how horrible she did and lost confidence in the Jedi? All this weight was on Rey's shoulders and she was tired of carrying it. “Remember, this isn't a test of skill. I merely want to see where you're at.” Phasma's tone was considerate and it caught Finn off guard. Rey had become used to her soft tone and was slightly relaxed by her words. “Ready? Go.” It began easy enough, Rey managed to slice through her first one, then the second and the third. As she followed through with a swing on the fifth one, she activated another metal pop up behind her. Startled, she took a leap forward before turning around. However in doing so, she activated another. Her feet shuffled and and she only managed to nick one, soon after going for the other, forgetting any form and technique toward the end. She was left panting, torso twisted to the right as she just finished a swing right when Phasma called the time. She looked to her first, wondering how she did. “Eighteen. Well done, Rey.” The praise made Finn’s head turn, not used to that from Phasma. Rey brightened up at it though, incredibly pleased Phasma thought well of her performance. She deactivated the saber and straightened herself out. “Really? Was that good?” Her eyes travelled from Finn to Leia. “You were great, Rey,” Finn complimented with a thumbs up and smile. Leia answered with a bob of her head. “Can I try?” Finn spoke up. Rey's eyebrows lifted momentarily before coming down as she smiled and headed towards him, extending her hand out with the lightsaber for him to take. “Of course you can! Go try it out yourself.” He took the lightsaber in his hands then walked forward. Hesitantly, he looked to Phasma. She kept her eyes forward. She couldn't look at him, she didn't want to see how much he disliked her. “To make it fair, your time has been cut to twenty seconds.” Finn didn't argue. “Begin.” Phasma eyebrows knitted together in concentration as she watched Finn, wanting to make sure she picked up every detail of his movements. Her face began to soften and ultimately slackened in surprise at what she saw unfold before her. Finn moved with a fluidity she had never seen in him. He was always a great soldier and seeing him handle the saber, it was almost as if he was a natural at it. She realized she stopped counting and tried to pick up where she left off, calling time shortly after. “Finn that was incredible!” Rey congratulated him first, coming up to give him a hug, barely tearing away from him to ask what his number was. “Thirty.” Phasma said in an even tone not wanting to show off her surprise or her pride, afraid it might discourage Rey. “Whoa!” The two looked at each other and laughed, but Rey wondered what that said about her. That she could barely make twenty in thirty seconds and he did thirty in twenty. He handed the saber back to Rey and she took it, gripping it tightly. “I kind of feel you should keep it. You’re clearly better at it than I am.” Phasma looked over at Rey, watching over her interaction with Finn. Far enough to give them privacy, but close enough to hear. “Hey, don’t say that. You just need more practice Rey.” Rey shook her head, keeping her eyes down. “I don’t know what it is. I should feel comfortable with it. Maz said it called to me at her castle. Why does it feel so strange now? It’s - it’s like it’s not for me.” “That’s because it isn’t.” Phasma spoke up, coming closer, much to Finn’s dislike. He wouldn't turn his back to her, instead, coming up next to General Organa who had been observing the two as well. “Look, your tactics may have worked with the troopers, but negative reinforcement isn’t going to help here.” Finn spoke up, taking a step closer to Phasma, but keeping his distance. Phasma’s eyes went from Rey to Finn. “I wasn’t trying to deter her.” She returned her eyes to Rey. “That saber was created for Anakin Skywalker before he turned to the Dark Side. It was only natural the saber reached out to his son who is force sensitive.” Phasma looked to Leia, hoping she didn’t overstep any boundaries mentioning her family. “So where do I come in?” Rey asked, not sure what Phasma was trying to say and it seemed neither Finn nor Leia knew either. “Maybe the saber just called to the nearest force user it found, I don’t know. But what I'm assuming is that the reason it feels strange is because that is not the saber for you.” “But when I was fighting Kylo Ren -” “You used the Force,” Finn answered. “The Force helped you in that fight Rey.” Rey's eyebrows furrowed as she lowered her eyes, bringing her shoulders up defensively. “What are you all trying to say? That I didn't bring any skill to the fight? That if it wasn't for the Force I would have lost?” “Rey,” General Organa’s voice cut through before anyone else could speak. “Using the Force isn't a sign of weakness, it's there to help you.” She reached out to rest a hand on Rey's shoulder. “You're incredibly gifted, Rey.” That caused the three to turn heads to Phasma. Finn shot her a suspicious look as he narrowed his eyes but he was beginning to realize that Phasma was being genuine. “By the time we are done here, Ren won't stand a chance.” Rey gave a weak smile before dropping her head, not sure whether she believed that. Finn put a hand on Rey's shoulder. “Hey,” he spoke softly, ducking his head as well to meet her eyes. “You've got this, Rey. You're the only one who can save the galaxy.” His words were supposed to be comforting but it only reminded her of the constant pressure to succeed. Wrapping an arm around her he pulled her to the side to continue his pep talk, wanting to encourage his best friend who he had been seeing less of since he became an active Resistance member. General Organa watched them with a smile but when Phasma came closer, her attention diverted to the woman in front of her. “General, excuse me for having kept this information to myself for so long,” she began with. “What is it?” “Rey needs a saber - her own saber.” “Is that really necessary? I always figured any lightsaber works--” “I know the location of where Ren found his Kyber crystal." Leia remained silent, keeping her eyes on Phasma as she had lowered her head, clearly upset at having kept this to herself for so long. The two then turned to look at Rey.