you'd made fun of him for it at first, poking your head around the door and crowing in a heavy accent while he cooked. good work, comrade! he just looked at you and said something you did not understand but carried a universal meaning: shoo. he tried teaching you after dinner, holding his fork above your head as you stared up from his lap. "вилка." he said. "it means 'fork.'" "вил- ка ." you repeated uncertainly. "don't stress parts. just say the whole thing. вилка." "вилка." your voice wobbled a little from foreignity, somehow unable to grasp his smooth accent. "eh. better." adam tapped the fork against your forehead and threw it back onto his plate with a clink. one of his hands made its way into your hair, stroking and scratching affectionately. " ahh - how do you know it fluently?" you asked, curving your head around his fingers in bliss. he pouted in thought for a second, staring at the tv. "friend in the marines. he was raised speaking it, 'cause of his mom. he taught me little bits here and there, and then when i was... discharged, i took up lessons." "oh." there was silence for a little while, and then you said, "have you ever actually been to russia?" "нет." * you are in the habit of sleeping awake at night. adam will snore next to you, dead to the world around him. but you, you crawl over him (fingertips brushing warm skin ever so slightly) with the sheets wrapped around you, and you sit with your nose pressed against the windowpane, burning eyes taking everything in. planes taxi across the manhattan skyline as the city churns and crackles underneath the window like a beehive. the glass is cold against your face, and your breath creates wet patches that you wipe off with the cuff of your sleeve. you feel your eyes slowly slip shut as you lapse, and the bed creaks behind you as adam rolls over, blinking awake. "what are you doing?" he whispers, crawling over. you squirm a little as he plants kisses to your neck, tongue dragging a fraction. "why are you awake?" you press your legs together inadvertently. "c-couldn't sleep," you murmur, twitching as he pulls you back towards him. he's warm, solid, a pleasant contrast to the iciness of the window. "не волнуйся," adam says to you, the lilt of his voice causing you to feel weak. "вернись в постель." don't worry. come back to bed. his kisses are travelling lower, past your neck and down your shoulder. you can feel a nip of teeth now. screw it. you weren't feeling tired anyway. * when you kiss him, he smells of aftershave and shampoo he took from the last hotel. it's not gentle; it's desperate and needy, full of heat and he moans lowly. adam's kisses are gentle as summer rain but this one is bruising, with the intensity of a drowning man gasping for air. it's feral. he pulls away and when he speaks his voice is a growl - " шлюха ." you have forgotten how addictive this all is, the whole experience; when he came home from this seemingly endless press tour, sex became a luxury between the two of you. but now he is yours. or more accurately, you are his. you yelp suddenly as adam locks one arm around your waist and flips you over onto your back. your wetness seeps slow over your thighs. he kisses the curve of your inner thigh, making you jolt. his tongue suddenly licks up against you slowly and you squirm, gasping. his fingers flicker at your entrance before he pushes two inside, swiping his tongue over your clit. his mouth is hot and wet, his movements sloppy, and your hand seizes his hair like rope. it's thick, and soft, and you tell yourself that you're going to watch him, going to not let your eyes flutter closed, but adam whispers foreign words to crawl over your hips and you can't. люблю, люблю, люблю. love . it is like a hymn. you're close, so close now, and suddenly adam gets his mouth around your clit, catching it with his teeth and the tiny spark of pain is just enough to make you come hard, head thrown back and body shaking. your eyes are squeezed shut as your free hand claws at the mattress and you can hear him murmuring your name softly. he crawls up your body, his lips shiny with your cum. you've mostly recovered, your body still jolting as he skitters his fingers down your sides. leaning up to kiss him, you murmur in russian, "солдат." he shivers as you muffle it into his mouth, digging his nails into your hips. adam moves backwards, breaking the kiss and suddenly pushing inside you with a groan. your sigh echoes around the room as he starts to snap his hips into yours, too desperate to go slow. you bite at his throat and the join of his shoulders until the marks spring with blood, like daisies coming through seasonal grass. the stains on your teeth taste of metal as you wipe trembling fingertips along the wounds and bring them up to his lips. he takes your fingers into his mouth, sucking, and growls when you retract them. another searing kiss. you can feel your body shaking, as he keeps you in this feeling for as long as possible, this beautiful hanging feeling that he knows drives you insane. adam's hips crash again yours violently, practically trying to meld you into the bed as you hear him moan. he breathes your name when he comes, fingers threaded through your hair. you shiver, tears springing to your eyes from held-in pleasure as you hear him growl, "кончи на меня." your body suddenly goes weak, and you whine and pant and stretch as he presses his forehead against yours and holds you in place with a bruising grip, rolling his hips as your orgasm crashes over you violently. adam lights a cigarette afterwards, stroking your hair flat with his hand. "sleep, любимый," he says, his own tiredness cracking through his grainy voice. his collarbones are slick with slowly drying blood, and he absentmindedly scratches at it as you curl into the mattress. he pulls the sheets over you and falls back, humming a lullaby from far away.