Part I You were the first woman he saw after escaping from prison. He caught a glimpse of you from across an empty courtyard, shuttles busily whirring above his head. Their noisy progress obscured the low, hungry moan that escaped his lips. The most feared man in the Galaxy had his sights set on you. You walked a bit, sensing someone watching you. Glancing around and seeing no one, you continue on your way, trying to shake off the creeping sensation. As you pass an alley, a large hand shoots out, locking around your upper arm and pulling you into the dim alleyway. You gasp when you realize who it is. "Kylo Ren. The Jedi Slayer," you whisper, fear rising in your throat. He nods, the hunger of so many lonely nights in his cell apparent in his eyes. His hands are on your shoulders, biting into your delicate flesh. You hear a clank and realize his wrists are still shackled, the long chain between them intact. You want to fight, but everything inside of you is frozen in place as you take in his large frame, still clothed in the baggy striped uniforms of the prisoners of this planet. He is prison yard built, muscles sculpted by near constant exercise, the only release to stave off the long boredom. "It's been so long." He murmurs, taking in your scent. You feel all the blood drain from your face as your realize just what his intentions are. He holds you against the wall with one hand, stepping back to take in the sight of your form. A sob escapes your lips as he strokes his need before you. "Shhh." He says, placing an index finger to your lips. His gaze softens. "I don't want to hurt you." You nod in reply, a whimper caught in your throat as he presses his mouth to yours, forcing his tongue into your mouth. Surprisingly, you feel the throb of arousal between your legs, your cunt pulsing lightly. How? You wonder. Your subconscious reminds you of your attraction to him when he was first arrested, his image blasted across the Holonews for weeks. Even then he elicited a fearful arousal within you. His lips move over yours frantically, sensing your growing desire. He laughs at you suddenly, taking your wrists and slamming you back against the damp wall of the alley. The chains binding him rattle against you, sending new shocks of pleasure through your body. You swallow hard, shocked at your reaction to this man. A slow smiled plays on Kylo's lips. "I know you want this." He teases, watching you nod eagerly. He reaches out with his Force energy and you feel a slow stroking sensation on your clit. He smiles again as you moan, throwing your head back. Holding you with one hand on your throat, he rips your leggings down, exposing your sex. He growls at the sight of you, naked and squirming before him when you should have been terribly afraid. Drawing his Force energy inward again, he lightly dances over your dripping cunt with his index finger. Flicking your engorged clit he drops to his knees before you, his chain around your waist. Kylo buries his strong nose deep into your slit, breathing in the essence of you. You buck your hips against him as he parts your labia with his tongue, lapping at your slick hole. He stands up again, kissing you hard, your juices still glistening on his lips. As he holds your hands over your head again, he pulls aside his pants, exposing his thick cock. Turning you roughly, your face pressed against the dirty bricks, Kylo kicks your legs further apart and threads the chain over your head so he can take hold of your hips. His cock throbs against your entrance, slick with pre-cum. Taking a deep breath, Kylo plunges into you hard, causing you to clench with the pain. You cry out and relax as you settle down onto him, enjoying the feeling of fullness. He begins to move within you, slowly, savoring the sensation of being surrounded by your wet and swollen pussy, the first time in a long time. You steady your shaking legs and meet his every thrust. From behind Kylo grabs onto your nipples, pinching them roughly through your thin shirt. He pulls them down with every thrust, making your pussy quiver and your breasts ache. You feel a growing warmth in your belly as he settles into a pounding rhythm, his cock sliding in and out of your needy hole. He moans and grunts, the chains binding his wrists rattling against you. Suddenly you hear sirens in the distance, seemingly coming from all sides. Soon they would be here to come and collect their property. "Shit." He mutters, moving his arms upward until the chain is brushing against your panting throat. He smiles as he feels your cunt clench and draws the chain around your neck gently and pulling you up until your back is arching painfully, forcing his cock ever deeper inside you. He quickens his pace as you cry out against him, the fire in your center growing and growing. The sirens grow closer and closer, and now you can hear the engines of the shuttles flying overhead. His dick twitches inside you as he holds your shoulders, chain snugly across your throat. You feel the fire grow out of control and suddenly you're panting and moaning, grinding against him in your need for release. Kylo inhales sharply and his thrusts lose their rhythm as he cums deep inside you, his semen filling your pulsating cunt as you reach your own climax, clamping down hard on him. Knees buckling he steps back, lifting the chain back over your head. He tucks himself back into his pants and kisses you one last time, glancing frantically around for the source of the sirens. "I'll see you again, girl." He says, taking off down the dark alleyway, disappearing into the blackness. You slowly gather yourself, pulling up your leggings and straightening your hair. You're still not very sure what happened, but you certainly can't wait for it to happen again. Chapter 2 : Part II Summary: Months after your first encounter, escaped convict Kylo Ren makes another appearance in your life. Notes: Thanks so much for reading! Here's Part II. I'll keep writing these as long as you keep reading them! Please comment and let me know what you think! It's been two months since your strange alleyway encounter with the escaped criminal Kylo Ren. He hasn't been caught yet, which gives you a strange sense of pride at his accomplishment, evading the authorities for so long. For a while after that day, you constantly looked over your shoulder, expecting to see his hulking form bearing down on you. But day by day the bruises fade, along with the memory of his rough hands and the clanking chain around your neck. The encounter has left you with he strangest sense of longing, of being used by this man in this way, then left, cast aside as he ran from the ever encroaching sirens. His promise still rings in your ears, "I'll see you again, girl." His voice deep and husky after releasing his pleasure inside of you. Sometimes you pass that alleyway, coming upon it suddenly, surprised, the memory of his cock deep in your cunt making your pussy gush. After this encounter, nothing has been the same. Another perfectly ordinary day on a forest planet far from your home. It's raining here, pouring really. The air is heavy and oppressive with the weather. Your work always seems to bring you to the worst weather in the Galaxy. The woods encroach on the village you are working in, and you must pass through them to return to the spaceport for departure. They blot out the sky as you make your way down the wide path, the drizzling mist dampening your hair and the long dress you're wearing. You hurry, thunder rumbling in the distance. You would like to get off planet before the storm arrives, grounding you until it passes. The dark forest pressed against your vision and you hear the sharp CRACK of a twig breaking. You turn and look, but see nothing. Just a wall of trees, fog curling around their sturdy trunks. Without warning you are stopped in your tracks, a deep purr filling the whole of your body. You cannot lift a finger or take a step. The only thing you can move is your eyes. Kylo Ren steps out from behind a broad tree trunk. His clothing, black and ill-fitting, is in tatters, a patchwork hooded cloak hiding his hair and most of his face. You can see that the shackles are still around his wrists, though the chain had been long severed. A few links remain, jangling softly as he raises his right hand, drawing you towards him with the Force. He is gaunt, thin and drawn from running for this long. But his dark eyes are filled with a burning hunger that has nothing to do with food. "Hello, girl," he says, his voice rusty from disuse. He is smiling that sideways grin as he looks at you, eyes raking over your breasts, your hips. Your heart is pounding in your ears as he reaches out with the Force again. You can feel large hands moving over your breasts, stroking your throat though there are still several feet between you. You feel the warm wet heat between your legs as he draws nearer. He has released his invisible hold on you, but now you are paralyzed by your arousal. He finally reaches you, a full smile breaking across his handsome face. "I've wondered when I would see you again." He says, pressing his mouth against yours. You moan softly as he takes you roughly into his arms, the cold metal shackles biting into your flesh through your dress. Kylo leans low, kissing and nibbling at your neck and your soft tender ear lobes. "We haven't got much time." He whispers, lips brushing against your ear and sending rippling waves down your spine. He grabs your small hand in his large one and pulls you deeper into the dark, misty woods. He's still touching you, running his hands all over your body as you walk, roughly pushing the fabric of your dress aside to nip and suck at your collarbones, planting kisses all across your chest. "Here is fine," he says, stopping beneath a huge overhanging tree. "They're not far, girl. We must be quick." You nod, allowing him to tear your dress off of you, leaving you naked. He stands back and drinks you in, rubbing his growing cock through the ripped trousers he is wearing. He pulls his clothes off quickly and you can see that while he is still raw muscled power beneath his pale skin, meals have been few and far between. His ribs are prominent and his hip bones tent the overlying skin. Kylo pushes you down before him and you stumble, nearly falling face first into the soil at the base of the tree. You catch yourself and cry out as he raises you up, his cock forcing its way into your mouth, past your lips and teeth. He slams it hard against the back of your throat, causing you to nearly choke on its length. Tears prick at the corners of your eyes as he tangles his fingers in your hair, the roots pulling sharply as he fucks your mouth. Your cunt clenches and gushes in response. "That's a good girl," he says, his voice warming as he settles into a brutal rhythm. He pulls his cock from between your lips and smears the tip, slick with pre cum and your own saliva, across your face. He is staring down at you from his great height, releasing his grip on your hair. "Stand up girl," he says, helping you to your feet. He wipes the tears from your eyes with his broad thumbs and kisses your forehead. Taking his threadbare robe, he shakes it out and drapes it over the ground. Leading you to this makeshift blanket, Kylo pushes you down until you are on hands and knees again. Lowering himself behind you he takes your hips and enters you. You moan together and he pauses, breathing deeply and grasping your hips as he struggles to contain his pleasure. Finally he relaxes and breathes, moving within you now, his thick member stretching you deliciously. You moan and push back against him as he paces himself, rain falling softly around you, the smell of the damp earth making your sex act primal and animalistic. Pulling his cock from your dripping pussy, Kylo stands again, bringing his cock to your flushed and parted lips. Taking in the full length of him, coated with the salty tang of your juices, he fucks your mouth again, hips bucking against your face. As he pulls you to your feet again he freezes, eyes darting from side to side. "Quickly now, girl," he whispers frantically. He lifts you from beneath your thighs and presses you up against the rough bark of the tree, bringing you down onto his cock again and wrapping your legs around his waist. His damp dark curls are pressed against his face as you lock eyes, the desperation in your face making him moan against you. With one thick fingered hand around your delicate, gasping neck, he begins pounding into you relentlessly, raw grunts of pleasure escaping from his throat. You cling to him as your pussy quivers around him, the rough scraping of the wet bark making pleasure and pain combine together in a way you never knew possible. You cry out, your orgasm curling around your belly and suddenly releasing as your cunt pulses on his cock. Kylo's dark eyes glaze as he pumps into you, your pussy milking and coaxing the cum from his twitching member. You cry out again as waves of pleasure crest and then break over you, forcing guttural moans from Kylo's throat. He backs up, easing you down until your feet touch the mossy earth beneath you. Thrusting the pile of damp fabric that is your dress at you, Kylo pushes you away, panting and gathering up his own clothing. He wraps the robe around his naked shoulders, leaves and twigs clinging to the tattered fabric. "Run, girl," he says, desperately panting, taking in your naked form once last time before ducking into the trees. The sound of his bare feet muffled by the bed of leaves coating the forest floor. "Come with me!" You call out, your knees giving way under you from being used so roughly. "No girl," you hear in your head. "Now go. I will see you again." You shake the voice from your head and draw the wet dress over your dirt speckled body. Your ship awaits you and the storm is passing. Chapter 3 : Part III Summary: Your new job sends you to some interesting locations Notes: Thanks for reading! And thank you so much for your patience with the update. Life's been hectic. Leave me a comment and let me know what you think! And May the Force be with you! Nearly half a Galactic Standard year has passed and there’s been no sign of the Jedi Slayer. Not only in your life, but the Galaxy as a whole. The Holonews would occasionally have segments, a statement would be read and then nothing for weeks. The holopic of Kylo Ren, intimidating even as a hologram, would dance before you for a few minutes, causing an involuntary clench between your legs. You remember how his brooding eyes scrutinized your every curve. It filled your head with a heady haze every time you recalled your encounters with him. You have taken a new position for a research department of the Galaxy’s largest university. As a new researcher, your job was non stop travel, searching for clues and artifacts of the Empire and the First Order. Of special interest were Jedi artifacts and as such, your work brought you to some very desolate and interesting parts of Galaxy. It’s on one of these trips that you find yourself on Yavin IV, the habitable moon of the Yavin system, and home to one of the most famous (or infamous) Jedi Temples in existence. This was where Kylo Ren had committed his crimes. Yavin IV had been virtually abandoned after the destruction of the Jedi Temple. Kylo Ren and his Knights of Ren had ransacked and burned the Temple, killing Jedi and their students. The place felt like something terrible had happened here. The stone walls were scorched, and the surrounding jungle was encroaching on the ancient structure. You enter the Temple warily. Many of these sites you visit are unstable, and you could easily be hurt by a collapsing structure or a trip and fall over debris. Your clothing is protective rather than attractive, emulating the robes of the Jedi who once trained within these walls. The sounds of your boots on the stone walkways echo throughout the empty halls. Fallen beams pattern the floor and you step carefully over them, shining your light around you to make sure you aren’t caught off guard. As you near the end of the corridor you turn back the way you came and you feel an anxious knot in your stomach when you see how far you’ve come. The light shining in from the entrance is further than you’d thought. The Temple was bigger than it looked in the holopics. Your stay here may be longer than you had expected. A step and a scratch from the hall to the right makes your heart pound. Who knows what kinds of animals have taken residence in these lonely rooms. These desolate settlements often had the most frightening creatures. According to your datapad, many of the rooms in the area of the Temple you’re wandering in now were living quarters. Simple wooden doors led to a stone cell, the sparse furniture still present though in some cases burned or knocked over. You hear a deliberate step from behind you as you enter another cell and freeze, your heart pounding in your throat. You turn slowly and there he is. Somehow you expected him to be here, felt his presence all around. Kylo Ren is lean, the discarded robes of a dead Jedi hanging on his tall frame. He is not starving, but meals are dependent on what he can gather or hunt. A wide crooked grin lights up his face. A smile so genuine and sad in its sincerity that you find yourself smiling back at him, despite the fear you should have. This man has virtually raped you twice and you’re happy? to see him? He holds out one of his big hands, waiting for you to cross the distance between you. You do so much more quickly than you want to and place your small hand in his large one, feeling his warm fingers entwine with yours. Kylo then pulls you hard and presses you up against the damp stone wall of the cell. He growls as he looks down at you and smiles again. “I sensed you when you landed.” he says in a hoarse voice. He’s nuzzling his strong nose against your neck, inhaling deeply. “I felt so pleased. The Force has brought you to me again.” You shiver under his touch, a soft moan escaping your lips. His hand caresses your forehead then sharply tugs your hair, arching your neck. He places soft, delicate kisses along the curve of your throat, nipping and sucking. The warmth between your legs is growing and you can feel the wetness in your core. He holds you close, breathing in the smell of your hair, your neck. Kylo steps back abruptly and beckons you to follow him. You go, the muscles of your thighs quaking, making walking a bit difficult. Kylo waits, holding out his arm for you to take it, steadying your steps. You walk down the dark corridor together and he opens one of the cells on your right. This one is clearly his current home. A soft yellow light fills the room and you see a flickering oil lamp upon the low desk in the room. The old bed frame was removed, replaced by several cot mattresses laid out together, a pile of blankets and pillows strewn about. He guides you to his bed and removes his robes, revealing a muscled body, wiry rather than the prison bulk he once had. You’re overcome by his beauty and press your lips against his chest suddenly, catching him off guard. Kylo is not used to human contact, and the sudden stamp of your lips on his skin shocks him. He takes your shoulders and pushes you back, roughly. You gasp and he stalks towards you, untying the tunic you’re wearing and pushing you down to the bed. You wriggle out of your tunic and push yourself back a bit as he rips the boots roughly from your feet. Trying to gain some control, you attempt to remove your leggings, but he pulls them down violently, causing the fabric to rip with a dramatic tearing sound. You squirm away, frightened, but he pushes his hands against your hips, holding you down against the bed as he buries his face in your pussy. You lay back with a gasp, tangling your fingers in Kylo’s thick black hair. He is greedily sucking at your clit, slurps and smacks escaping his eager lips. He raises his dark eyes to you, watching your twist and wiggle beneath his full lips. His tongue darts across the tip of your engorged clit, causing you to arch your back and cry out, snapping your hips upward against his face. Leaning on one elbow, you feel two thick fingers enter your dripping cunt, his thick thumb rubbing your nub. Your brain closes off as you give into the pleasure of your orgasm, snaking its way through your lower belly and quivering hole. You hear a greedy chuckle escape his lips as he lowers his long frame over yours, his thick cock stabbing your cunt with its need. He shudders and lays on top of you, gathering himself before moving on, a hand snaking around your throat. You feel your airway grow smaller as his fingers dig into the side of your neck, his other hand pinching your nipple hard, almost cruelly with his excitement. He begins to move within you, his cock brushing against your cervix as he slowly rocks his hips against yours, deep, shaky breaths escaping his pursed lips. Suddenly Kylo is pounding into you, his need surpassing his control. His hips slam against yours as your bodies crash into one another with the power of his thrusts. He throws his head back, thick, sweaty strands of his hair brushing your face as he gives out a guttural yell, his hot cum filling you, then spilling out as he rocks you to yet another powerful orgasm. He pulls back, flopping to the bed next to you, his chest heaving as he struggles to catch his breath. He curls one large arm around your middle, pulling you close to him. You can feel his heart fluttering in his chest, its rhythm matching your own. “Will you stay here with me for a while?” he whispers, his eyes heavy with sleep. “Yes.” you say, “Yes I will.” Chapter 4 : Part IV Summary: You learn a bit about Kylo Ren's past as he begins to open up to you Notes: I'm sorry for the late update. It's been a rough week guys. Some personal stuff came up and I just didn't have the time to write. Thanks again for reading and your comments! I hope you like this chapter! I'm looking forward to your feedback! You wake suddenly, not sure if it's the middle of the night or the morning. You've lost all sense of time since you entered the scorched and crumbling Jedi Temple. The strong arm around your waist, pulling you close to a long, sleeping male frame reminds you of where you are and who you are with. His soft sleeping exhalations whisper against the back of your neck as you stir, trying to find the best way to disentangle yourself from his grasp. As you leave the makeshift bed, Kylo Ren shifts, groaning and rolling onto his back. The sound startles you in the dim cell, but when you look back, you see that he has stilled. He is beautiful in his sleep, his hard face relaxed, full lips soft with the puff of his breath. His broad muscular chest, sprinkled with beauty marks, rises and falls softly with the rhythm of his breath. Your heart swells at the sight of him, the way he held you, asked you to stay. How long would this brief respite from his time on the run last? You pull his discarded robe from the floor, wrapping the roughened cloth around you to keep you warm in the damp. The far off drip drip of water echoes through the lonely stone walls, giving a small idea of the size and depth of the Temple. You make your way around the room, peering in the flickering light of the oil lamp at his few meager possessions. He's obviously pilfered some of these necessities from other parts of the Temple. A small stove, lit with either wood or gas for cooking, a long pipe snaking out of the back of it through a hole in the stone wall, directing the exhaust somewhere else, scattered utensils and plates, a chipped cup, half filled with water. You make your way over to the rickety bedside table, a small drawer lies half open. Within is a flickering holopic, it's power source nearly depleted. You gently tug open the drawer, the scrape it makes deafening in the silence of Kylo Ren's bedchamber. Your heart catches, but a quick glance tells you he hasn't heard. Slipping the holopic out of the drawer, you allow your eyes to focus on the fluttering image. It's a family, you see. One caught in a casual moment, a mother's arms outstretched to catch a young boy, the father smiling behind his beautiful wife. On closer inspection, you recognize the face of the mother, a smile upon her lips as she reaches out to her son. "What are you doing, girl?" You hear behind you from the bed. His voice is a low growl, angry. The holopic is grabbed from your hand with an invisible power, the drawer slamming shut, blocking the flashing picture from your view. You feel that invisible hand around your throat again, raising you up and pressing you against the wall. "I...I'm sorry..."you choke out, your hands reaching for the fingers you cannot see or touch, "I was..." "You were touching things that aren't yours." He says, flinging you down to the ground with a flick of his wrist. He rises to his full height, naked and powerful, his muscles rippling beneath his pale skin. He is fuming, his fist clenched at his side. "Was that you?" You press on, regardless of the danger. "In that holopic? The child?" You rise to one elbow as Kylo bends over, grabbing your upper arms painfully, ripping you from the stone floor and throwing you onto the bed with a guttural sound. You land with a thump and try and scuttle away, but he is too large and too fast and pins you to the bed, his cock already looking to tear into you. You whimper as he forces your legs open, plunging into you, causing tears to well up in your eyes at the intrusion. You can feel your delicate skin rip with his thrusts, grunting as he takes his anger out on you. Finally his thrusts quicken, then cease as he groans his release inside of you. He flops heavily to the bed, pulling you close though you are trying to curl up and stay away. A long moment of silence, his shaky sighs in your ear as you finally stop squirming away from him, letting him wrap himself around you and hold you. "Yes," he says finally. "the child in the holo is me." His words are filled with a great sadness. Obviously even the most horrible monsters have had a childhood. Another life when someone loved them and they played in the sunshine. But it's hard to picture this brutal man beside you as anything but what he is. A murderer, a man who slaughtered children in cold blood to further his own ambitions. A man quick to use his power and his manhood to do harm to another. It's hard to think of this man as a child in his mother's arms. "And the woman..." you ask hesitantly. Your cunt throbs from his last angry outburst, you're afraid of inciting another. But you know that smile, that long braided hair... "The woman is my mother. And your suspicions are correct," he says, plucking a singular thought from your mind, "my mother is General Leia Organa, making my father Han Solo." The silence that follows his words is pregnant with hidden secrets, hidden pain. You can sense his hesitation, the anxiety at revealing his heritage. "I killed my father." The statement falls from his lips. He is propped on one elbow, staring off, his gaze reaching far past the ceiling above you. "I'm sorry." Kylo says abruptly. His mouth fumbles around the phrase, the feeling of genuine atonement alien to him. You sit up a bit, his arm around your waist light now, not restrictive. He's tracing the cup of your belly with his long fingers, sending ripples up your torso, making your nipples stand at attention. He places a soft kiss on your jawline. "I should not have been so rough with you." He breathes deeply, his face buried in your neck as his fingers roam down your belly, dragging lazily along your mound. Your sore cunt clenches, making you moan with pain. Kylo's sudden look of concern is endearing and softens your feelings toward him again. Your fear dissipates and you relax. "I'll stop." He says, drawing back his hand. You pull him back, bringing his large hand back to your belly. "This is fine." You say, stroking his handsome face. He shivers slightly at your touch. He is studying you, his eyes shifting over your features, intent. You feel his secret power thrumming off of him as he pushes gently into your mind. "You know you're ever so slightly Force sensitive." He says, changing the subject. "Not even enough to really utilize, but you could sharpen it if you tried." He's staring at you, almost in awe. You nod as your mind tumbles over the small nuggets of information you've received from Kylo. He presses your chin with his thumb, raising your face to look at him again. "This is why we're drawn to one another." He says seriously. "It's why I needed you the first time I saw you, needed to claim you as my own." His words make your sore pussy tighten again, sending a wave of pleasure and pain through you. Kylo places his full lips on yours and pulls you close for a deep kiss, his tongue dancing over yours, gliding around your mouth. He is gentle this time, not forceful, exploring your mouth, running his large hands all over your body. He breaks off the kiss and hugs you close for a moment before standing up. You watch him as he walks across the room, two quick steps, the light from the oil lamp dappling his body with shadow. He pulls a cup from a box and fills it with water from a large jug and, bringing this to you, sits beside you on the low bed. "I was promised the Galaxy if only I could kill my father." His voice is hesitant, unused to sharing the intimate details of his life. You nervously gulp at the water he gave you, trying to seem as receptive as possible. He stares off wistfully, his hands dangling between his thick parted thighs. "Didn't really turn out that way." He says, falling back, resting across your thighs. You brush his thick hair back from his forehead, pressing your lips against his smooth skin. All at once he is clingy and greedy for your touch, pulling your face down towards his, kissing you hungrily. He pulls your head upwards by your hair and, grinning at you almost sadistically says, "What do you want to know?" "Anything you are willing to tell me," you answer back, kissing him again. Kylo's mouth softens against you as you feel an almost imperceptible release within him. "Ok." He says, nodding at you, swallowing and blinking. "Ok, Girl. I'll tell you. I'll tell you about a boy named Ben Solo, who was killed by a man named Kylo Ren..." Chapter 5 : Part V Summary: Kylo begins opening up to you. Notes: Hello lovelies! I hope you enjoy this chapter! It was a very emotional chapter for me to write, and I have a feeling it's only going to get more emotional as the story develops! Please leave a comment and let me know what you think! And thanks again for reading! The Jedi Slayer rises, standing and pulling on a long tunic and pacing around his small living quarters. He lights candle stubs and another few oil lamps, increasing the flickering yellow light in the dim cell. Primitive surroundings like this are nearly unheard of. You've never been in a candle lit room, never smelled the way the wick burns when an oil lamp begins to glow. The great majority of the Galaxy, even backwater outer rim territories have modern technology and lighting. Even emergency measures are powered. Kylo clears his throat, his arms crossed behind his back as he makes slow circles, struggling with how to begin. He paces with a disciplined poise, years of a self appointed dedication to training apparent with every step. "You have to understand," he starts, gesturing towards you. "I didn't ask to be this way, didn't want to be this way." Kylo's tone is adamant, almost pleading. "I did not ask for the burden of Force sensitivity. And it was impossible to turn away from it." His back is turned to you, his broad shoulders slumped. His large bare feet scrape and shuffle across the stone floor. "I cannot recall a time when I didn't sense the fear my father had of me, the disassociation he felt." His voice is singed with pain and anger and a stark determination. "Even as an infant, it was ever present. My mother said I often frightened them." The bedside drawer scrapes open again and Kylo lifts the flicking holopic from within, studying its aging image. His long fingers graze the screen as he stares wistfully at the scene. "I found this here while scavenging for supplies. I'd forgotten all about it, that it even existed." He tosses the device casually onto the blankets towards you. "My mother gave it to me when I was sent here to train under my uncle." You pick it up and hold it close, peering at the people within the frame. The boy in the pic is around three or four years of age, raven curls tumbling into his eyes. The mother beams with pride at her beautiful son. On closer inspection, the father has a hesitation in his eyes, is reserved, almost apart from the scene. "I did everything I could to win their approval. I studied, I trained. I tried to emulate what my mother expected of me, tried to live up both their names." He pauses, sitting heavily in a wooden chair and raking his hands through his hair in frustration. "Nothing was ever good enough." Kylo glances over at you, still under the rough, utilitarian blanket, listening with rapt attention. He reaches for you, strokes the soft skin on the back of your hand. The drag of his fingers sends a ripple of gooseflesh over your body, your aching cunt tightening unexpectedly. Kylo senses the pain it brings you and he smiles, a slow, sinister smile. "I do not know how to be with people." He says, a finality in his words. Climbing into bed with you, ripping back the covers he looks over your body, a dull heat gleaming in his dark eyes. He continues talking, his voice softening the closer he gets to you. "I do not know how to treat others, how to be soft with them, connect with them." Kylo slides next to you, his fingers trailing up your side. His hands are rough, calloused from his training, his life after escaping from prison. They are frantic now, running all over you, feeling every part of your body as if it were the first time they'd felt the softness of another's skin. His breath is hot against your neck, savoring the scent of your hair. His voice deepens, becomes husky. "During training, the others would go behind Master Luke's back, fuck each other in dark corridors. But not me. Attachments were forbidden. To win their love, I had to be perfect." His long leg wraps around you, pulling you close to him, and you can feel the length of him growing hard again against your thigh. You shy away, but he gathers you tight. "Please don't," he whispers. "I just need to feel you against me." Relaxing, you allow him to hold you. He sighs and you feel the scratch of the rough fabric of his tunic rub against your skin. Laying quietly for a moment, your breathing coming in unison with Kylo's, your current situation rolling around in your head. Danger! You mind screams. The word blares red behind your eyes. You are more afraid of Kylo now, when he's almost tender in his actions. When he's using you, you know what to expect. Now he is unpredictable. The whole Galaxy knows and fears the instability of the war criminal Kylo Ren. "I know you're afraid of me too," he says, his voice muffled. "I know you have every right to be, because of how I've hurt you. But I've grown weary of people being afraid of me." Kylo turns onto his back, his hands behind his head. Kylo begins talking again, another stream of consciousness. "When I came into my own, when I began to learn how to use their fear of me to get what I wanted... Force," he cusses, smiling at the memory. "It felt like nothing ever had." He clenches his right fist, emphasizing his words and his emotions. "The *power to control them. To make them quake before me." Grinning broadly, he continues, "I had finally done what Leader Snoke had encouraged me to do. Used my emotions and pain to my advantage." He raises his fist up, pumping it into the air above your heads. "Until it became commonplace. Mundane. I got used to it. And the old feelings came back again, crowding my mind," he taps his temple. Without warning he's on top of you, grabbing your face in his strong right hand, propping himself up on his left arm. That Force energy comes buzzing out of him again, entering your mind and carelessly violating your subconscious. Kylo is inspecting your face, turning you side to side. Your heart lopes forward and your whole body tenses. "I AM a monster." He drags the word from your mind, grinning that malevolent grin. Grinding his hips into you, cock pressing against your mound, he pins your arms against the bed. "Ride me." He says, pulling you on top of him. Kylo spits into his hand and rubs it over your sore pussy, moistening your bruised folds. Taking your hips, he lowers you down onto his cock. His saliva has done little to no good, his need tears into you regardless. You are stretched to the point of breaking, a cry of pain escaping your lips. Kylo groans and presses up into you, filling you to your very core. The swollen head of his dick presses against your cervix, making your muscles contract involuntarily as your hips grind and snap. "You fear me yet you need me," he pants, pulling your hips forward against him, meeting your every move. You moan and nod, his words like electricity through your body. "I could keep you here..." he says evilly, rocking his hips against you. Panting in time with him, his hands grab your breasts, pulling and twisting your nipples painfully. "They'll come looking for me," you moan. Your clit grows more and more swollen with every thrust, your pussy tighter and more slick, gliding over his cock with ease now. Kylo digs his fingers into your breasts and pulls you down so you are nose to nose with him. The pain is exquisite and you exclaim your pleasure, cries echoing around the stone walls of the cell. "I would kill them all to keep you." He says, crushing his lips against yours, his tongue pushing into your mouth. Again his words send shivers through you, scaring you but arousing you at the same time. You're kissing him back, your hips moving with a rhythm all their own. Skin sticks to his with the sweat of your exertion. Kylo groans and pushes you back, breaking your kiss. Arching your spine painfully, he pulls your wrists behind your back, thrusting even deeper into your pulsating cunt. "I would chain you," he says as you moan desperately. "Keep you here for my pleasure, taking you when I wish." Your breath is coming in quick, ragged gasps as he describes how he would torture you. "I would keep you filthy, girl, my cum dried and flaking on your skin. You would fight, but you know already it would be pointless." Kylo explains between his thrusts, his groans combining with yours. "No one could save you. No one would take you from me." He takes your wrists in one hand, pulling your hair with the other so hard that it smarts. The ripple of pain stokes the growing fire within your belly, tightening you around him even more. "Mmmm," he moans, the thought of you chained and kept ready for him making his cock throb deep within you. "Do you like the idea of that, girl? Being my prisoner, my toy?" A sudden gasp escapes your lips, the fire coiling around your pelvis. Your hips begin jerking, losing their rhythm as you desperately cling to his chest. "Please..." you pant, tears filling your eyes as he tugs harder at your hair. "Please what, girl? I need you to beg for it." "Please...Kylo...I need..." you trail off in a series of cries, moaning uncontrollably. "Say it, girl." he growls, his hands coming to take your hips, slamming you down hard against him. "PLEASE!" You yell, desperation ringing in your voice. "Please! I need to cum!" Kylo groans one last time, his hips pumping upward as he fills your greedy cunt. His hot cum hits your cervix, causing a jolt of electricity through your whole body as you scream out your release. Collapsing forward onto his broad chest you whimper and squirm with the force of your orgasm. As the contractions quell, you can feel his two hands come around to hold your face. Brushing sweaty strands of hair out of your eyes, Kylo peppers your face with soft kisses, his eyes tightly shut. Your body heaves with the exertion as your heart finally begins to slow, your breath calming. You slide off of him, coming to rest beside him. "That's my girl." He says, pulling the blanket around you and drawing you into his arms once again. Chapter 6 : Part VI Summary: Kylo opens up more and you get washed up Notes: Hello Readers! Thank you again for all of your lovely comments and for reading what I'm putting out here. This chapter is a little longer, but I'm afraid not a ton of smut. No worries, the smuttiness will return! Please leave a comment and let me know what you think! Waking again at an undetermined hour of the day or night, you catch the mouthwatering aroma of cooking food. A hunger you didn't know you had gnaws in your belly and you open your eyes. Kylo, in his long tunic still and nothing else, is over the small cooktop. Whatever he's diligently making smells amazing and is sizzling deliciously. "Good morning." Kylo says, clicking utensils together as he splits the meal evenly between two scratched serving vessels. He walks over to you as you sit up and take one from him. "It's morning?" You say, your voice scratchy with sleep. "It is." He replies, sitting in the narrow chair again. You dig into the food immediately. It's a sautéed plate of greens, root vegetables, mushrooms and nuts. Whatever he could gather from the jungle surrounding the temple. It's salty and hot on your tongue and you have to forcibly stop yourself from wolfing it down. "After we eat," Kylo says, talking around the food in his mouth, "we can bathe in the pools below." He swallows and shoves another forkful of food in his mouth, busily chomping on the salty goodness. His demeanor is much lighter, not as brooding and simmering with anger as usual. You're caught off guard by his smiles, waiting for the inevitable. When you're done eating, Kylo stacks the plates on the cooktop and pulls you up, unwinding the blanket from your naked body gently. Wrapping another long tunic around you, he hands you your boots and thick socks while pulling on his own. "We'll need them. There's a lot of debris in the halls." He explains matter of factly. Waiting for you to finish, he props open the door of the tiny cell. When you finally reach his side he grabs your small hand in his large one and steps into the darkness of the stone corridor. The feel of his calloused hand enveloping yours is somehow reassuring. Kylo leads you through the ever expanding darkness, your vision only catching glimpses of the Temple walls around you. Blackened and crumbling statues of ancient Jedi glimmer briefly in the light of the torch Kylo carries. Their faces are worn away, staring off into the void. The whole place has a sensation of great sorrow and loss. Perhaps this is the Force sensitivity Kylo insists you have? "Why did you come back here?" you ask before you can stop yourself. Your words bounce off the rough hewn walls, circling around you both. You cringe, afraid of his anger. Your thighs clench together involuntarily. A bubble of irritation surfaces in his face but quickly dissipates. Kylo sighs, stopping for a moment to gather his thoughts. "I was compelled to by the Force." He finally says. "It was much of the reason why I escaped from the prison. I had to make my way back here." He continues on, the halls eventually leading you towards a narrow set of stairs. The stones worn concave in the center by thousands, perhaps millions of Jedi feet over the millennia. "Prison is, for a man like me, useless," he starts, trying to expand on his answer to your question. "It was tortuous, certainly. The long hours spent with common criminals, the endless boredom. I focused on my training, of course. But it was almost too easy to escape. A place built for those blind to the Force could never hold me, and when I grew weary of it, it was time to leave." He pauses briefly, his eyes far away. "I had to come back to face what I had done." You've reached the bottom of the steps now. They enter on a huge, cavernous room, deep within the bowels of the Temple. Kylo leaves you at the stairs, gesturing for you to wait a moment. He makes his way around, lighting the torches that wait there, bringing a bright, flickering orange light to the chamber. When you finally look around, you gasp at the sight. The chamber is long and dark and Kylo has only illuminated a small portion of it. A large rectangular pool of water, steam rising lazily from its smooth black surface stands before you. Kylo begins to explain, "Yavin IV has extensive geo-thermal activity," he starts, leading you to a bench where you may remove your boots and tunic. "The ancient Jedi tapped into this for these pools. This place served as a place not only where Jedi could bathe, but also a place for meditation and self-reflection." You stare longingly at the water, the need to cleanse yourself becoming suddenly unbearable. You remove your clothing quickly and stand naked, waiting for Kylo to do the same. When he's undressed he comes to your side and shows you a set of low steps that lead into the pool. He swings his long arm out, gesturing for you to enter first. A small voice in your head tells you that he may have brought you here just to drown you, but your need for the hot soothing water is stronger, compelling you forward. As you slip in, the warmth of the water begins its work on your sore muscles, the scrapes and bruises that Kylo's rough use of you have left you with. You inhale deeply and dive into the pool, letting it embrace you in its soothing weightlessness. Kylo steps in behind you and paddles lightly to where your head pops up. Pushing your wet hair back, you let him take you in his arms, holding your wet body close to his as you both float along. A long, quiet moment passes, the only sounds are your breath and the crackle of the torches spaced around the pool. He inhales deeply and reluctantly lets you go. You feel strangely empty when he does and you watch as he gathers two small bowls from the edge of the pool. A quick glance and you see one bowl is filled with soft sand, the other with a fragrant oil of some sort. "Pick your hair up, girl." You listen, piling your hair on top of your head as he comes over to you, smearing the oil across your back and chest. Kylo rubs it in, his thick fingers pressing against the bruises that mark you, bringing a ripple of exquisite pain to your whole body. He smiles when he senses this and continues. The oil has a warm, musky aroma and you feel it penetrating your skin, relaxing your muscles and your mind. "Do you want to tell me more?" You ask hesitantly. He seems more calm with each confession, the burden of his guilt and pain finally being released. He sighs and nods, rubbing the oil into his own muscular torso, massaging the scars that cross his chest and forearms. "The Force always seeks balance. Always seeks to right itself." Kylo closes his eyes, his mind taking him elsewhere for a moment. When he opens them again, he turns to you, handing you the bowl of cleansing oil so you can spread it across his back. Working the oil into the muscles there you can feel the knots and lumps of his misery. "I've returned here to live in solitude as a penance for my crimes. For what I've done to my family and to the Jedi. The suffering I've caused..." his deep voice trails off and he lowers his head, wet strands of black hair obscuring his creased brow. Handing the bowl of oil back to Kylo, he picks up the bowl of what looks like sand and begins rubbing it into the oil on your skin. The rough texture sloughs away the dirt and grime and leaves you feeling refreshed. You wonder if this is a Jedi thing or just Kylo making due. "I don't seek redemption." He says, a finality to his words. "I know that after what I've done, there's no going back." Kylo's eyes are sad, reflecting on a life wasted and ruined with violence and hate. When you reach out and touch him, you can feel a throbbing energy within, a power that you don't understand. He smiles, long and slow. "You are feeling the Force energy within me." He says, taking your hand and placing it on his oiled chest. You can feel the thumping beat of his heart and if you concentrate, the swift whoosh of blood through his veins and arteries. "You are noticing your own sensitivity more because I'm here with you." You nod, fascinated by the pulsing energy within your fingertips. He hands you the scrubbing sand and you oblige, cleansing his body, feeling his muscles relax from your ministrations. "I cannot pinpoint a time when I began to hear the Voice." He begins again, his eyes closed, enjoying the attention as it's something he is wholly unused to. "As far as I know, it was always there. Just like the Force, just like my father's fear and resentment." You nod, allowing him to continue. "The Voice contradicted everything my parents were teaching me, everything my Jedi training tried to instill in me. The Voice told me, No! Commanded me to tap into my emotions, tap into the pain I buried within. It reassured me, strengthened me, told me how special I was, unique among the Force sensitive. More special than the other Jedi my uncle trained, more special than even my uncle..." Ducking down into the warm water, Kylo washes away the oil and sand from his skin. You do the same and you both come up out of the water at the same time. He reaches for you and you allow him to take you into his arms again. "Allow me?" He says with a sly grin, plucking the thought from your mind. Kylo leans in close and whispers hoarsely in your ear, "I take what I want from you, girl. Don't you forget that." His words send a shiver down your spine in spite of the warmth of the water, and your cunt clenches painfully. Releasing you, he paddles through the water, enjoying the relaxing warmth and the feeling of clean, soft skin. "Who was this Voice?" you ask. You're feeling more brave in these conversations. So far your questions have only been met with answers, his voice contemplative, as if using you as a confessor. "The Voice was that of Leader Snoke. He sensed my birth, sought me out. He filled my head with questions and longing, confusing me, then ultimately convincing me that what I was taught was wrong. That the Jedi and their use of the Force were weak, and not what the Force willed." He shakes his head, a great sorrow coming into his eyes. "I wanted to rule the Galaxy. To prove to my family that they were wrong about me, punish them for not loving me as they should..." Shaking his head hard again, he turns away from you, embarrassed by the sudden swell of emotion in him. You make your way over to him through the water, touching his back softly until he turns around. "Leader Snoke told me that my destiny was even greater than my grandfather's, that I would surpass Darth Vader in my power, in the fear I spread throughout the Galaxy. I wanted nothing but that. I dedicated my life to it and no one would stand in my way." Embracing you again, he turns you roughly, his cock already growing hard against your softened skin. "Do you see what the lust of power does to me?" He growls, bending you over the lip of the warm pool, your nipples brushing the cold stones. Parting your legs he pushes himself into you, your sore and bruised pussy tightening around him with an arousal you can't even explain at this point. Violently he thrusts into you, releasing his semen in a shudder, purposely quick and rough, making sure that you know that you are his to use. When he is finished he backs away, making his way towards the stairs again. "I don't see why you don't try to escape." He says suddenly, turning towards you again. You join him at the stairs and respond, "Would there be any point?" You ask, a hint of snark in your tone. Kylo looks at you, contemplates you, his hand rising to cup his strong chin. "No." he answers. "No, there would not be." Chapter 7 : Part VII Summary: You and Kylo meditate in the Jedi Master's quarters Notes: Thanks for reading lovelies! Drop me a line and let me know what you think about this update! I love you guys and the wonderful feedback you've given me. Xoxo! The next few days past quickly. Each day you walk through the Temple with Kylo as he talks with you, uses you, touring the studying and training rooms scattered throughout as you absorb as much as you can. Taking you to the upper levels, he tells you that he’s going to show you the private apartments of the Jedi Master, Luke Skywalker. This is the person he refers to as “uncle”. You were always vaguely aware of General Organa’s ties to the Jedi Order but had never realized just how deep they ran. Opening a heavy wooden door with a rusty groan, you peer within the spacious rooms in shock. This area of the Temple, this apartment, is largely untouched by the fire that ravaged the lower floors. Dim, dusty sunlight streams through the dirt caked windows making you blink in the sudden glare. You’ve spent days in darkness, the only light candles or torches. As you enter, you see halls branching off from the main room. Your natural curiosity has piqued and for the first time in many days, you are reminded of what brought you here in the first place. These rooms likely hold a treasure trove of Jedi artifacts that the University would very much be interested in. “Nothing from here will be removed,” Kylo says, pulling the thought from your mind. The flash of a glower crosses his brow and you hope you haven’t incited his anger. Its tempered recently and he’s been more kind towards you. Almost tender at times. He pushes open a door to the right, leading into a small circular room. The floor and base of the walls are lined with soft cushions and the room bears the faint aroma of an unusual incense and the wax of old candles. “This was my uncle’s meditation chamber,” Kylo explains. ‘Very private,” sarcasm drips from his words. “I would sneak in here as often as I could. Leader Snoke’s voice was always loudest here.” The conversation about Kylo’s past has continued anytime that he isn’t using you for his pleasure. Prompted by the occasional question from you and your willingness to listen, he explains the subtle and complete eradication of his former self through the guidance of Leader Snoke. The teachings he received from the dark Force wielder and the culmination of his training when he fully and truly accepted his name. When he discussed this with you, you recall, his eyes had glazed over, remembering the feeling of power that filled him then. The strength of the Force flowing through his body, so strong when he placed that mask over his handsome face. Ben Solo had died that day, if he ever truly lived. Kylo had turned on you in his reverie, swiftly pressing you up against a stone wall and fucking you brutally. Tears streamed down your cheeks as black spots danced before your eyes, the invisible hand of the Force squeezing your throat tight. This encounter had left you particularly bruised, your cunt raw from the near constant barrage of Kylo’s cock. He hasn’t made good on his threat to chain you up just yet, but you know it will only take one misstep on your part, one misplaced word. From time to time he apologizes for his behavior, but offers no explanation, so you decide one for him. With the death of Ben Solo came the death of his humanity. The way he moves is otherworldly and definitely not human in its nature. The way he cocks his head when he contemplates you, or the fluid and practiced way in which he directs his long limbs. It's as if he is attempting to be human. Circling the meditation room, Kylo lights a stick of incense and a few candles, bringing a warm light to the small space. Sitting cross legged on a cushion, he gestures towards another right next to him. “Please,” he says, patting the soft seat, “sit with me?” You nod and join him, lowering yourself down gently, your sore body protesting the movement. The cushion is soft and feels soothing after so many days of stone walls and the collection of thin cots that Kylo calls a bed. He reaches out and takes your hand, the callouses of his palm scratching your soft skin. He is the embodiment of roughness, nothing about him smooth or yielding, only his beautiful black hair. “Have you meditated?” he asks. His face is open, curious to hear your response. “No,” you admit. You were familiar with the concept, of course. But it seemed a practice geared towards the Jedi or other religious orders around the Galaxy. Kylo cocks one eyebrow up at you. “Will you meditate with me?” he asks, his voice thick and deep. He swallows hard and looks away briefly, turning back towards you blinking and with a small smile. Shrugging you look down, wringing your hands in your lap. “I don’t know how,” Kylo smiles in an almost gentle fashion. “I will show you.” Sitting up straight he brings his hands together in his lap. “Sit comfortably,” he says. “The position of your hands is unimportant, but you must be comfortable.” You settle into your cushion and try to relax. You’re nervous, hoping not to do something wrong. “Now close your eyes,” he continues, “Focus on your breathing. Inhale…exhale.” His shoulders relax visibly with his deep exhalation, his whole body slumping the tiniest bit. You close your eyes and try to emulate him. “While you are breathing, focus on where you feel the breath the strongest. Anytime a thought comes into your mind, focus only on that spot.” You try to identify where you feel the air move through you the most, but you’re too nervous to relax. Your shoulders are bunched up near your ears and your jaw is clenched, barely letting any air in anyway. Kylo peeks at you through one slitted eye, sensing your discomfort. He sighs and taps your arm, causing you to jump nearly out of your skin. “What?!” you say, the blood rushing in your ears with the sudden shock. Kylo’s lips twist with amusement. “Come here,” he says, squaring his crossed legs, widening them a bit. “Come sit with me.” You get up and take a seat in his broad lap, feeling awkward. Bringing his right arm around you, he places his large palm flat against your belly. “Breathe into my hand,” he says, his warm breath tickling the hair on the back of your neck. “Just think about bringing the breath deep within you, making contact with my hand.” You focus on the feeling of his hand against you, the warm pressure of it as you inhale, trying to direct the air towards that warmth. You begin feeling a low buzz in your middle, subtle at first but growing, like a small fire building from embers. “You feel that?” he whispers, pulling you closer. “That’s the Force.” You nod in awe, the buzz growing, sending a ripple of energy through your whole body. You inadvertenty press yourself into him as you squirm with this new sensation. A surprised moan escapes his lips and you feel his cock twitch in his trousers. He smirks and presses his nose into your hair as his hand moves down your belly, long fingers pressing between your legs and against your outer lips. Your hips roll again and now Kylo is growing hard against you. He pulls your hair, arching your neck back painfully. Placing soft kisses down the side of your neck, the roots of your hair protest the force of his pulling. His other hand snakes up your body, fumbling with your tunic and freeing your breast. Tweaking your nipple painfully you grind into him, your sore pussy growing damp between your thighs. Kylo undresses you slowly, his fingers brushing the bruises mottling your skin as he unties cords and lowers the tough homespun Jedi clothing you’re wearing. He stands you up and turns you towards him. “Present yourself to me, Girl.” he commands, instantly snapping you to attention, your back straight, your arms crossed behind your back. You stand before him, breathing deeply and shivering with the intrusion of his inspection. Kylo runs his hands over your body. Starting at your shoulders, his rough hands softly stroke your skin. He watches you closely, reading your expressions and drinking your reactions in. The sensation of his hands zing over you, quickening the pace of your heart and sending gooseflesh rippling across your body. He smiles at you, at your moans and sighs. You strive to maintain a neutral expression, but you know that regardless, he knows how much he arouses you, incites that tingling lust between your legs. Your sex feels heavy and swollen with his touch, the walls of your cunt growing tighter with your need. Rising to his full and imposing height, Kylo removes his own clothes, revealing his sculpted torso and thick, strong legs. His cock curves upward, away from the nest of black hair below his belly. A large, clear drop of pre-cum oozes out of the throbbing head of his dick as you watch. He catches your gaze and a slow grin spreads across his plush mouth. “Clean it up, Girl,” he says, pushing you down to your knees. You curl your tongue around the head, lapping up the sticky fluid. Kylo moans, pressing his hips against your face as his cock nearly chokes you. He gathers your hair in one hand and pulls you back and forth on him, your teeth scraping the hard flesh as he bucks and sighs. After a few more trusts he pulls his cock out of your mouth and brings you to your feet. Stepping back he sits on the cushion again, his legs wide, cock standing at attention. Kylo pulls you down as you straddle him, lowering yourself onto his cock. Your pussy clenches painfully at yet another intrusion. He moans and wraps his arms around you, mouth latching onto your erect nipple. He sucks at it as you begin rolling against him, that buzz in your belly spreading all over your body, making his cock feel as if it were dipped in pure light within you. You moan, arching back, causing him to lose his grip on your nipple with a loud pop. Looking up at you, savoring the pleasure broadcast all over your face, Kylo grabs your hips in his hands and rocks against you, meeting your movements with his own. You tangle your hands in his hair, nails scraping against his scalp and sending a shiver down his back, surprising him with the feeling. “What do you do to me, Girl.” he murmurs burying his face in between your swaying breasts. You’re both moving in rhythm now, beads of sweat prickling on your skin with your exertion. Kylo is thrusting up into you, his own Force energy combining with yours, enhancing the sensation of your sex, filling your head with a ringing pleasure unlike anything you’ve ever known. His mouth moves against you hungrily, teeth nipping and scraping. You place your hands on either side of his face, pulling his face up to look at you, your lips crashing against his suddenly in a desperate kiss. This time you’re enjoying each other mutually, skin sticking and slapping together in your shared pleasure. Grunting and panting, Kylo quickens your pace, his fingers digging into the soft skin of your buttocks as you feel the tightening pressure of your climax building within you. Closing your eyes tight you steel yourself against the onslaught, unable to hold back anymore. Your cunt tightens around him as suddenly he stops, freezing mid thrust, his eyes wide and frightened, “Someone is here,” he says, his deep voice shaking, realizing that his peace has finally been shattered. Chapter 8 : Part VIII Summary: Kylo and you attempt escaping the Temple Notes: Happy Thanksgiving to my US readers! This year I'm thankful for you! Unfortunately there's no smut in this chapter, but I hope you like it regardless. Please drop me a line and let me know what you think! Kylo rises abruptly, cradling you and setting you on your feet. The Force energy pulsing within you senses the anxiety and fear brewing within him. He holds out a hand and your clothing flies into it, drawn by that invisible power. “Come,” he says, handing you the long tunic, puling on his own clothes quickly. “There are ways back to my room, we may be able to escape.” Grabbing your hand, Kylo leads you through the back corridors of the Temple that lead away from the Jedi Master’s chambers. He did not relight the torch, instead using the Force as his guide. You can still feel the hum of energy within you. Closing your eyes you can just make out the dim and fuzzy outline of the corridors you’re running through. Kylo’s vision is much stronger for certain and more reliable than your newly tapped into sensitivity. The twists and turns through the darkness finally lead you back to Kylo’s small room. He bursts into the cell and, lighting a lamp, digs through his possessions until he finds a small pack, stuffed full with supplies. He tosses you the bag you came in with as well as your traveling clothes. “Dress quickly,” he says, gathering what little food he had and stowing it in his pack. “We’ve got to move quickly if we want to get to your ship.” Standing there, your clothing hanging on your arm and your pack at your feet, you remain motionless, trying to make sense of the sudden need for action. Kylo grabs you by your shoulders and, shaking you violently, puts his face close to yours and says sternly, “We have to go, Girl. There is no time to waste.” You stare at him quizzically, still not moving. “How do you know someone is here?” you ask. He scowls at you and, as if on cue, the Temple fills with a great shuddering roar. A starship is flying low overhead, likely looking for a place to land. “I could sense them the moment they broke through the atmosphere, Girl.” He shoves you roughly as you finish pulling your things together. “Do not question me when I say we must go. Just follow my orders.” His voice is raised and you flinch involuntarily. You’re expecting him to take his anger out on you, but not this time. This time he is more concerned with leaving here before he’s caught again. There’s no time to punish you for your transgression right now, but you know its only a matter of time. Leaving the cell, Kylo pulls the ancient wooden door shut and, grabbing your hand again, makes his way through the black, away from the entrance. The sound of the ship grows louder, nearly shaking the building as it lands. Dust and bits of crumbling rock rain on you in the darkness as Kylo leads you, turning here, turning there, his pace quickening when a faint light becomes visible, piercing the dusty gloom. “Your ship should be close by here,” he explains, pointing towards the light. His anxiety blooms as he continues, his voice firm and sure despite it. "We’ll be exposed when we pass through this door. We’ll have to run across the clearing. The sunlight will be jarring at first, just keep running.” You nod, knowing he’s not paying attention, moving your short legs as quickly as you can to keep up with his long strides. Finally, the light growing brighter, you reach the last long length of corridor that leads to the hidden and broken doorway. In the dusty shafts of light you can see fallen debris partially blocking the entrance. It appears that there is just enough room to squeeze through. “Quickly now, Girl,” he says, pushing you through the doorway first. You fall out, scraping the exposed skin of your forearms, your pack nearly flying from your back. You catch yourself, then break into a run. Kylo was right, the bright sunlight was a shock to your eyes after so many days in low light. You hear his voice in your mind, “Run!” and you continue barreling forward. In the glaring blindness, you can just make out the large shape of your ship looming ahead. The rusting of leaves and the snap of a twig alerts you to figures moving towards you, nearing the overgrown clearing. You feel the intense and spasmodic thrust of a blaster set to stun, knocking you forward. Rolling onto your side you look around for who shot you. “NO!” you hear Kylo scream from behind you. The shapes moving towards you are forcibly slammed against the stone outer wall of the Temple and you hear Kylo yelling as he too is stunned, his huge body slamming to the ground. A guttural cry escapes his lips and you turn as much as you can towards him. He’s crawling across the ground on his belly, his long arm stretched in your direction. “Kylo!” you call, attempting to rise to your feet. The shock from the stun is rapidly wearing off and you’ve just about made it when rough hands gather your arms behind your back, slapping energized handcuffs over your wrists. A large hand wraps around your upper arm and pulls you towards a cluster of guards flanked in front of your ship. Your eyes have finally adjusted to the brightness and you can get a good look around the clearing. There are guards all around the clearing, their blasters armed and ready. More guards block the hidden exit you and Kylo used to escape the Temple. Kylo is struggling, fighting with the guards who would put him in handcuffs. The Republic guards are attempting to restrain him calmly, but he is much bigger and stronger than they are. He wrestled on arm away and Force throws one guard, then another then another until finally they stun him again, at last gaining control of the situation. Again he yells as the cuffs are placed around his wrists. The guard cuffing him gives him one last stunning blast and he is lifted to his feet, his head hanging in defeat, long black strands of hair obscuring his handsome face. For all the hurt he has caused you, it pains you to see him like this. Dragging his tall frame to where you’re being held, the guards line up, waiting for their next orders. The Captain speaks into the small com link held in his fist. “We’ve got him, General.” Then listens, nodding. “Yes, ma’am,” he says, putting the com away and turning towards his battalion. “We are to await the arrival of the General and her brother,” he says, gesturing to the two flanking Kylo. “Bring the prisoner forward.” He steps towards him, looking down his long nose at Kylo Ren. “The General would like to have a word with him.” Kylo visibly pales as the guards drag him forward again. A small shuttle breaks the cloud bank overhead, its small engines whining as it circles the clearing and comes to a stop right behind your own ship. The vents spews exhaust as the shuttle decompresses and the gangway deploys. Two figures, one small and one in a long robe exit the ship. The robed figure is holding the arm of the smaller one as they make their way towards you. As they come better into view you can see that it’s General Leia Organa, the robed figure beside her could only be that of the Jedi Master, Luke Skywalker. Kylo Ren’s family has come to collect him. Breaking away from her brother, the General speeds up and crosses the clearing as quickly as her stature will allow her. Her brother follows suit and when they reach Kylo, they both come to a stop. “Mother…Uncle,” Kylo stutters, tossing his head back to clear his long hair from his eyes. “I…” but he is cut off. Luke raises a hand stoically and Kylo is gently pushed to his knees by Luke’s immense Force power. You can see the veins standing out on Kylo’s neck as he tries to fight his uncle, but it is useless, and he finally sighs with his failure. “Kylo Ren,” the General starts, her careworn face pulled into a tense and uncomfortable expression. “The Galaxy demands that you pay for your crimes and those you’ve hurt receive justice.” He lowers his gaze as his mother’s words wash over him, staring at the ground in shame. “You decided that you did not deserve to be punished for your crimes, and escaped your jailers…killing two in the process.” Leia Organa gives Kylo a sly, crooked grin. “How’s life been on the run? You’re looking awfully skinny.” In the exchange you see the dark humor present in Kylo Ren and where it came from. Leia begins pacing the clearing, continuing her speech. “Your uncle has joined me at my request. He has assured me that we have a way to ensure that you serve the time for your crimes.” She looks towards her brother as he begins moving close to Kylo. His eyes are sad, his mouth twisting and turning within his thick beard. Placing a hand on each of Kylo’s temples, Luke speaks to his fallen apprentice. Softly, with great sorrow in his voice. “This is the only way,” he says, his low voice breaking slightly. He closes his eyes and inhales deeply, pausing in the breath, tapping into the deep Force energy of the moon. He exhales sharply, and you can feel a shock wave spread out suddenly, the air of the clearing becoming dense and heavy. Glancing around you can see that you are the only one who has noticed. Luke steps back from Kylo, pulling the hood of his robes over his head and heading back towards the shuttle. Kylo’s eyes are open wide, panicked. “WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?” he screams, his voice echoing off the Temple walls. The General follows her brother, stopping only to speak to the Captain. “Load him up, Captain. Kylo Ren can stand trial now.” She continues on, her small back speaking volumes as it moves away from her son. Kylo is sobbing, his shoulders slumped forward and shaking, yelling between his heaving gasps. “Give it back! I can’t LIVE LIKE THIS! Give it BACK!” The guards on either side of you are paying very little attention and with one swift motion, you are able to break away and run across the clearing towards Kylo. You skid to a stop, sliding onto your knees towards him, catching yourself somehow without your arms as he looks up at you, his eyes swollen and red, his face crushed with whatever has happened to him. “What did he do?” you yell out, just as you feel hands wrap around your upper arms, wrenching you backward, away from Kylo and to your feet.” Kylo breathes in deeply, sobbing once again before he’s able to gain control and answer you. “He's Force blinded me!” he cries, collapsing forward in his agony, for the first time unable to sense that immense power flowing through him, guiding him. He is powerless. Chapter 9 : Part IX Summary: You're forcibly escorted to the transport ship and separated from Kylo. Notes: I'm so sorry for the delay my friends! Life is hectic right now and my mind has been trying to sabotage me. I hope you enjoy this chapter. I'm sorry to say there's no smut again, next chapter I promise. Thanks for reading! Drop me a line and let me know what you think! Kylo is pulled to his feet by two of the strongest looking guards. His huge limp body is almost too big for them to lift, bare feet dragging along in the dirt as silent sobs shake him. The gloved hand of a guard wraps around your upper arm, pulling you along and moving you towards the waiting shuttle. “General,” the Captain calls out. The retreating form pauses for a moment, listening. “What shall we do with this one’s ship?” He jerks his head towards you as the General turns towards you slowly, seeing you for what seems to be the first time. She paces towards you, arms behind her back in an unconscious imitation of her son. Leia contemplates you, her wizened eyes sweeping over your handcuffed form, the bruises that mark your body. Her inspection seems to take forever. She narrows her eyes, considering what to do. With a curt nod of her head, she decides. “Place her in the shuttle. Her ship can be docked with the transport waiting for us in orbit. Obviously she will have to be interrogated.” Leia turns on her heel, marching away and joining her brother. The guard drags you forward as the Captain designates a young pilot to take control of your ship. “Dock with the transport when we leave the moon.” He taps his datapad lightly and turns it towards the pilot. “You can use Docking Bay Three.” The pilot nods, moving away from you and boards your waiting ship. The shuttle is not for prisoner transport, but a temporary cell had been established in the small cargo bay. Kylo, dragged onto the ship first, sees this and struggles, nearly breaking free from the guards holding him. He is still incredibly strong, regardless of his new inability to use the Force. They stun him again and he quiets as he is shoved into the cell. “Captain!” the guard holding you yells. The Captain is still in the clearing, directing the guards as he ensures the mission is complete and all loose ends are tied. He turns towards the voice and comes into the cargo bay. “This cell may not accommodate both prisoners, Sir.” The Captain glances at your small frame, then at the makeshift cell where Kylo is pressed into the corner. “There’s plenty of room,” he says matter of factly. “This isn’t a resort, they can be in cramped quarters until we reach the transport.” The Captain turns away and you are shoved into the cramped cell, Kylo catching you with his body. “She hasn’t done anything,” he calls out to the retreating guards. “There’s no need to treat her so roughly.” Ever polite, despite his brutal treatment of you. You curl against him as he rests his head against yours. “It’s likely we’ll be separated for some time,” he whispers, his lips brushing your hair. “Do not be concerned for me. Do not lie for me or try to protect me…” he pauses, his eyes raking over your body. “I know what I’ve done to you. You don’t owe me any kindness.” Hearing this words, hearing his acknowledgement of how he’s hurt you, used you…you press your lips against his suddenly, but he backs his head away from you, breaking the kiss. “No, Girl. You must act as if I’ve kept you captive. That is what will save you.” He turns his head, his eyes skirting the cargo bay. Making his voice even lower he leans into you. “You must not come for me,” he sighs, resting his forehead against the wall as he realizes and surrenders to his fate. “There is no saving me. I have earned whatever they have planned.” He trails off as the shuttle leaves the ground, the temporary cell shaking and rattling as the ship breaks free of Yavin IV’s gravitational pull. The trip is a short one. Before you know it, the engines are whining with deceleration as it docks with the Republic transport ship awaiting their arrival. Hearing the metallic echo of the shutting docking, Kylo presses his body against yours briefly, his dark and haunted eyes locking with yours. “You are the only one who has ever treated me as if I were human,” he says gravely. He kisses you quickly, a peck. The cargo bay door is wrenched open and guards enter, their footfalls resonating around you. The cell is opened and, brushing past you, his skin touching yours one last time, Kylo is removed from the cell and disappears from view. You are collected as well and escorted by the same two guards as before, You take in the surroundings, your mouth agog at the huge interior of the transport ship. And this is just the Docking Bay! Frantically your eyes scan the shining, cavernous chamber, seeking Kylo’s tall form. You can’t find him, and you’re surprised to notice a pang of loss in your chest. You reach out with the sensitivity he taught you to tap into, but still nothing. You wonder if its because of the Force blindness that you can't sense him. The thought is swept from your mind as you’re prodded along by the guards. Together your cross the bay and enter a series of corridors. They lead you to a small room, and if your sense of direction is right, you’re nearly at the back of the ship. The guards uncuff you and your arms sting with the sudden release. Leaving you in the center of the room they exit, the door closing and locking behind them. Rubbing your sore wrists you pace around the shining white room, furnished with a small, hard looking cot and stool. You can’t even begin to wrap your head around everything that has happened, and in such a short amount of time. The lights in the room are blazing and the ship’s engines are loud here. The light and noise are overwhelming after so many days of the hushed silence and echoing darkness of the Temple. Sliding back a hidden panel you come upon a tiny refresher, stocked with basic toiletries. Stepping in you slip the torn tunic from your sore body. Your exposed skin is smudged with soot from crawling through the burned out Jedi Tempke. A mirror is affixed to one wall and you’re looking at yourself for the first time in…how long *had you been in the Temple. The time blends together in one long, dim line of talking and fucking and bathing in the warm geothermal pools. Taking in your reflection, your run your hands over your body, examining each bruise, every scrape that marks your knees, your forearms. Your fingers dance over your throat, the faint blue marks there, outlining a very large hand as the memories flash through your mind. Your cunt tightning on his cock, bodies sticking together from sweat and cum. You press the bruises, the pain sending an exquisite ripple down your back. A voice crackles through an unseen speaker. “The General has asked us to inform you that your interrogation will begin in three hours from this announcement. You will have sufficient time to make yourself presentable and a meal is being delivered.” The voice clicks away as suddenly as it came and you shrug, your mind on the shower and some soap and real food. Chapter 10 : Part X Summary: You meet with the Skywalker twins after a shower and some food Notes: Wow! I cannot believe that this little story hit over 10k hits today! Thank you guys so much, I can't say it enough! I hope you enjoy this next chapter! Please drop me a line and let me know what you think! The hot water cascades over your head, pasting your hair against your skull. It runs in rivulets over your shoulders, relaxing the tight muscles there. You hadn’t expected to feel the loss of Kylo so keenly and the abrupt sensation of loss has caught you off guard, despite the pleasant feeling of the shower. Mind wandering, you wash, rubbing the utilitarian soap over your body in ever arcing circles. The grime and soot from your rushed and failed attempt at escape from the Temple flows away from your body in a dirty grey stream. It’s hard to believe just a few long moments ago you were naked and in Kylo’s arms, sharing a uniquely intimate experience with him. Now you’re on a huge Republic starship, heading who knows where and awaiting an interrogation. Your hands inspect your wet, glistening body, counting the numerous bruises from Kylo’s rough fingers, the scrapes from the carved rock walls as you stumbled along in the darkness. Pressing the bruises brings a tension to your cunt, the memory of him deep inside of you, stretching you past your limits, his callous abuse and sorrowful apologies for being a monster. Recalling your first encounter in that dirty alleyway, the hungry gleam in his dark eyes. How he reached out with the Force, stroking your clit, making you slick and wet despite your fear. Curiosity blossoms within you. If Kylo was able to reach out with the Force to delicately stroke you, could you do the same? He’d been teaching you, little by little, to sense that small spark within you. Recalling the way you could perceive the Temple in the darkness, you reach out with that barely tapped part of your senses, the exertion making veins stand out in your temples until…yes! The light flickering of a tongue over your nipple, making it stand at attention. You push harder despite the sting of sweat along your brow and now you can feel invisible fingers pinching that same nipple, twisting it, purpling the delicate skin there. You open your eyes and look, seeing your nipple tweaked by the invisible energy. Your arousal grows as you become excited, this newfound ability to please yourself bringing the ghost of a smile to your face. Lowering yourself you sit in a meditative position, the spray of the shower at your back. You close your eyes and focus, feeling a sharp snap within. Inhaling long and deep, you push that mental muscle again and feel slow, thick fingers parting your labia, teasing your clit as it becomes red and swollen. Taking your own fingers you push them within yourself, feeling the slick juices there. You smile again. This is amazing, you think. Recalling your experiences with Kylo, picturing his flushed face above you. You push your fingers more deeply within you, feeling your pussy tighten around them. You’re sore but love the delicious way the soreness reminds you of Kylo’s large cock, pushing into you, ripping your delicate skin apart. Pushing out with the Force again, you wrap invisible fingers around each of your nipples, twisting them in the same cruel fashion Kylo would. You flick and stroke your clit with the same energy as you thrust your fingers in and out of your cunt, gasps escaping from your throat in the steamy air. Hips bucking to meet the incessant pounding of your small fingers, the orgasm snaps out of you suddenly, your cunt pulsing around your wet fingers as you milk every last spasm out of yourself. You pause momentarily, catching your breath from the intensity of it. Rising to your feet on quivering legs you rinse off and finish up your shower. Stepping out and toweling off you find an outfit of plain black leggings and loose tunic waiting for you. Along with these are a pair of thin slippers and a steaming tray of food upon the table in the small room. You sit down finally and dig in, hunger taking over any other thoughts in your head. Kylo’s meals were adequate but always left you craving more. The tray has enough food for two people but you’re putting a sizable dent in it regardless. As your belly fills, you take a few last bites of food and push the tray away. A pneumatic hiss sounds behind you and the door slides open, revealing the small form of General Organa, her brother behind her. You rise to your feet, brushing the crumbs of food off of your chest as you do so. She stalks around the room for a moment before sitting down across the table from you, beckoning you to do the same. “We’ve been following you for a while,” she starts, her tone cold and her eyes narrowing as they take you in. “We became aware of you on Myrkr, aware that Kylo Ren was stalking you.” You’re shocked at her revelation, her brother standing stoically beside her. Stuttering, you manage to ask, “H-how?” as your brain turns, thinking back to that far off planet, the assignment you had been on for your former employer. Kylo found you in the forest there. You recall his starved frame, the flesh pale and stretched tight over the prominent bones of his tall form. Luke answers this time, his right hand coming to stroke his thick beard. “Kylo has a rather prominent Force signature,” he explains. “We stumbled upon it on Myrkr where we found another Force signature interacting with it.” He gestures, the Force thrumming off of him in waves. ‘That Force signature belongs to you.” “Oh,” you respond, unsure of what to say. You run your fingers through your damp hair nervously, wondering what else it is that they know about you. “Were you aware that you were Force sensitive?” Leia asks. Her tone is more curious, but there’s still a lingering color of accusation there. “Well,” you begin, your hands coming together in your lap. You nervously clench and unclench your fists as your search your feelings for where to begin. “Kylo explained to me that I was mildly sensitive. He encouraged me to tap into it. He was showing me some things…” you trail off, remembering your shower and feel the hot blush rush to your cheeks. You hope that Luke isn’t reading your thoughts right now. The Skywalker twins, legends in their own right, stare at your across the table. Luke is scanning you, but only on the surface, his probe does not dig too deeply. Leia is trying to figure you out, trying to see if you were an accomplice in Kylo’s escape from prison at all. Luke senses your anxiety and raises his hand, seeking to calm you. “We know what Kylo has done to you. He spoke quite plainly when he was brought in for interrogation.,’ Luke explains. So his interrogation was already over, you think. They wasted no time when it came to the Jedi Slayer. Luke nods, reading this thought as it rises up from your mind. “You must be mindful of your thoughts, young one,” he says patiently. “Yes,” Leia says, glaring at her brother and the term “Young one” he used to address you. “Kylo has told us all about how kept your prisoner on Yavin IV.” You nod eagerly, relief flooding you. You know if they believe that Kylo kept you there, they’ll be less likely to believe the you had anything to do with his escape. Leia continues on, “He told us of how he became obsessed with you immediately following his escape on Ruul. He came across you as he made his way into hiding…” she trails off, clearing her throat before she says what comes next. “He informed us that he committed an assault against you there. Is this true?” You know that playing into her sympathies will likely get this interrogation over with sooner, and it’s not as if you’re lying. Whatever feelings and sympathies you developed for Kylo came long after your first encounter anyway. “Yes, General,” you answer, your voice firm. “Kylo raped me in an alleyway on Ruul. He then raped me in the forest on Myrkr and held me hostage on Yavin IV so that he could,” your voice catches in your throat, recalling the fear in your belly when you first encountered him in the dark corridors of the burned out Jedi Temple. “So that he could rape me whenever he saw fit.” You lock eyes with the General and remember that she is Kylo’s mother. A flicker of pain crosses her brow and she breaks the eye contact first, lowering her gaze to her hands placed flat on the table between you. Luke clears his throat, breaking the tense silence. “Kylo has sealed his own fate. We knew that long before we came here to speak with you,” His blue eyes scan your face, sip the pain that Kylo inflicted on you. But he senses something else as well, the care that developed between you in the days you spent in darkness. The intimate baths, the conversations, all right there, just behind your firm gaze. “We merely need your verbal confirmation of these crimes. What I came to offer you was an opportunity. To put this pain behind you and to move forward, to come with me and train, open your sensitivity to the Force as much as you are capable.” Taking in his words you turn your head as your eye catches Leia rising from her seat. She is now impatient and ready to go. Her suspicions confirmed, the worst of her son laid bare, she wants to wallow in her private sorrow. “What is going to happen to Kylo?” you ask, hoping your tone doesn’t give away your fear. Leia smiles wryly, her crooked grin twisted in the same fashion as her son’s. She glances at her brother as he rises, crossing his arms across his chest and looking generally displeased. “Kylo won’t be able to hurt you ever again,” she says, nodding her head in silent confirmation of the words she is speaking. “After a short trial, it is almost certain that he will be put to death. Kylo Ren will trouble the Galaxy no more.” Gasping, your rise, your heart pounding as the chair scrapes behind you. Luke looks at you, alarmed. “Are you all right, young one?” he asks, his arm reaching across the table to steady you. “I am, thank you,” you answer, catching your breath. “I thought the death penalty had been outlawed for some time?” “It has,” Leia answers, her tone abrupt. “But there are certain…parameters in which it may still be enacted. C’mon, Luke.” She beckons towards her twin brother and stands by the door. Luke turns again, following his headstrong sister. Turning towards you one more time he strokes his beard again, deep in thought. “You will consider my offer?” he asks, his brow furrowed. You nod in response, your thoughts spiraling out of control as Leia’s words ring in your ears. Kylo Ren faces the death penalty. He has had the Force ripped away from him, and now its quite likely that he will die. Chapter 11 : Part XI Summary: You have some decisions to make before you reach your destination. Notes: Happy New Year lovelies! I wish you the best for 2017! Thank you so much for reading and all of your comments in 2016! I hope you like this chapter! Please let me know what you think! Hours after Luke and Leia leave your room you wake, having dozed in the aftermath of your interrogation. The days spend in the Temple, the lack of light, the meager meals and Kylo’s rough handling of you had left you exhausted. This light nap was only a start on catching back up on some truly restful sleep. Pacing the room, you’ve really tapped out anything to keep your attention. Without a datapad, you’re left with nothing to keep you occupied. Staring at the endless white walls you flex that mental muscle a few times, reaching out with it, seeing if you can detect where on the ship Luke or Kylo are. Your gift isn’t developed enough and you can only just barely perceive the layout of the ship, the lifeforms aboard. After a while of this you grow bored again, ruminating on the offer that Luke Skywalker made you. Your life has taken such a sharp and unexpected turn since landing on Yavin IV. Where you once had a plan, a goal, a direction in which you were headed, now you’re feeling a bit lost. The events of the last few months turn over in your mind. What harm would it be to take Luke up on his offer? You picture his kind blue eyes, his soothing demeanor. To be asked to train under this famous Jedi Master you know is not only a great honor, but a risk on his part. Twice now in recent memory the Jedi Order has been destroyed. To even discuss being trained in the ways of the Force now could be perceived as foolish and reckless. And are your gifts even strong enough to warrant training under a man so strong with the Force? The door slides open unexpectedly and you jump. Having been lost in your own thoughts, you know that if you are to train with Master Luke, you will have to be much more perceptive of the goings on around you. You chuckle to yourself and turn, expecting to see a Republic Guard. Instead is a woman with smooth coppery skin and long, thick black hair. She is walking towards you, a pack in her outstretched right hand. “The General asked me to bring this to you,” she begins, placing the pack down upon the small table. This is the pack they took from you when you were captured, you never thought you’d see it again. It’s filled with clothes and your datapad as well as your identification documents. Pulling it towards you, you open it up and take a quick visual inventory of the contents. “Thank you,” you say to the woman. She stands there, glaring at you for a moment with a slight seer on her lips. You look at her quizzically, one eyebrow raised. “Yes?” you ask, wondering why she hasn’t already left. “I just wanted to see what kind of a person you were, causing the General so much distress.” Your eyes narrow at the woman and, walking towards her, you’re happy to correct her misconception. “I’m sorry you feel that way…what’s your name?” you ask pointedly. The woman is taken aback by your directness and she stutters briefly before squaring her shoulders again. “Im Greer Sonnel. I am the General’s personal pilot,” she answers with pride. You nod in response and view her with fresh eyes. She is protective of the General, that much is obvious. “Greer,” you begin again, “I am sorry that the General is distressed.” It’s true. Your presence here was not meant to cause anyone harm, you’re here because you’ve been captured and it is out of your control. “I think that your anger is better directed at her son however, as I came to be with him through no fault of my own. I mean no harm to the General or her brother, and certainly not towards you.” You extend your right hand in greeting and she reluctantly takes it, her warm fingers wrapping around your cool hand and releasing just as quickly. You sense her distrust and try as hard as you can to send a sense of calm out and around her. “The General has asked me to inform you that you are free to move about the ship. You are no longer considered a prisoner of the Republic. Once we reach our destination, you will be free to take your leave.” Greer turns swiftly, her hair fanning out behind her as she walks out of your room, the panel closing behind her. Shrugging you unpack your bag, setting out your clothing, your identification. Your datapad is still somehow charged and you flick through it, reading your mission documents from the University. It all seems so far away now, it’s hard to believe that’s how you found yourself on Yavin IV. There are tons of messages from your colleagues, your superiors, their tone is concerned, then downright terrified as the days passed without hearing from you. The very last message is from your direct supervisor in the department and marked only a few hours ago. General Leia had been kind enough to contact her and let her know that you’d been found safe and would return within a few days. She is concerned but thankful you are safe. Her last words are comforting, telling you to take as much time as you need to get yourself together. After settling your belongings you decide to take a walk around the ship. Seeing others will do you good, and it will be nice to interact with other lifeforms. You pass through the pneumatic door and enter the gleaming corridor, turning your head from side to side, trying to determine which way you’ll go. An idea occurs to you and you close your eyes, breathing deeply and feeling that faint tingle of the Force within you. Reaching out with its tendrils, you follow it along to the left, allowing it to guide you along for a bit. It’s surprising how you’ve encountered almost no one as you make your way throughout the ship. For such a vast transport it seems to be barely staffed, leaving you free to wander with no one to ask you who you are or where you are going. You take an elevator down to lower decks, searching for a galley or somewhere you can find a snack. Before you know it, you’ve reached the end of a corridor with just a blank metal door at the end of it. There’s no where else to go unless you turn around and head back the way you came. The door piques your curiosity as it is unlike any of the other doors that line the ship’s halls. Reaching out again with the Force you feel a familiar presence, but can’t seem to put a finger on who or what it is. You place your hand upon the cold metal door, trying to determine what you’re feeling, but you can’t perceive anything further. Concentrating hard, the door abruptly slides open, revealing a darker corridor ahead. A slow knot of anxiety works its way through your stomach, but you venture on regardless. The hall is short and ends in yet another odd door. Without even trying, you open this one easily, reveling a stark and empty cell, Kylo Ren curled on the hard floor in the corner, his dirty body covered in a tattered robe. “Kylo!” you gasp, shocked to have found him so easily here. He sits up, his dark hair falling over his tear stained face. He is weary, so tired and broken. You can sense that he’s given up in a way. Unable to perceive or use the Force have made him a shadow of his former self. But still, his eyes light up when he sees you standing in the door frame. “My Girl!” he exclaims softly, rising to his bare and dirty feet, gathering your small form in his arms. Burying his nose in your hair he inhales deeply, taking in the scent of you. “I never thought I’d see you again,” he murmurs, his full mouth moving over your forehead, your cheeks before finally pressing down against your lips. His fervor ignites that lust within you, your thighs growing damp from your arousal. Moaning against him, you entangle your fingers in his hair as he cups your face in his large hands, sighing and giving in to his affections. The change in him is palpable. He is no longer forceful, no longer rough. Instead he softly strokes your skin, running his fingers down your throat, over your collarbones, his touch gentle and soothing. Removing his tunic he stands back, helping you out of yours as he places kisses all down your body, across your breasts and soft stomach until his lips reach your swelling sex. Fumbling, he parts your labia and inhales deeply, trying desperately to commit your aroma to memory for the times when you’ll be apart. You push the back of his head, burying his nose within you as his tongue flicks and darts between your dampening folds. “They’re going to give you the death penalty, Kylo,” you say, the words hitching in your throat alongside a sob. Reality is setting in, and while there’s nothing that you can truly do to help him, allowing him the comfort of your body, your touch and your sex seems like something at least. “I know,” he whispers, laying back against the cold floor of his cell. He pulls you down onto him, his cock throbbing as you settle over it, feeling it stretch and fill you. Placing his hands on your hips, he gently rocks your body against his own, finishing what you had started back in the Temple before everything went to Hell. Falling over him, tears streaming down your face you ride him, pressing your body into him, trying to feel all of him, trying desperately to commit these sensations to memory. As your bodies become one, your tears mingle together, his hands in your hair as he kisses you with all the force and passion he can muster. As you move against each other and reach a mutual orgasm, he holds you to him, his chest heaving, heart pounding in your ear as it rests against his broad chest. Brushing your hair back with a long finger, Kylo locks his eyes with you, a small smile lingering about his lips. “Thank you, Girl,” he whispers, kissing you again, softly, meaningfully. You curl against him, wrapping the tattered robe around you both. “I cannot stay long,” you say sadly. “I know. Please,” he says, “Please go on, learn the ways of the Force. Remember me and remember the time we had together.” You nod, your head neatly seated in the crook of his shoulder as he holds you close. His time here is almost at an end and the great sadness of it all, his life, his mistakes and his passions, all arching away in the great mystery that is the Force. Chapter 12 : Part XII Summary: The ship docks as you make an important decision regarding your future Notes: I can't believe I'm posting Part XII. I never intended this to go any further than a one shot, but I'm so glad it did! Please let me know what you think of this chapter. Not much smut in afraid, but you know I can't hold out for very long. Love you all! The remainder of the journey is uneventful, lasting only one Standard Day. As the ship is docking, Greer comes to inform you that Luke will be meeting with you prior to disembarkment. Your decision has yet to be made about his offer, although its been constantly on your mind. Kylo’s last words to you, practically begging you to take up the path fill you with sorrow. He likely doesn’t have much more time, although you’re unsure as to when his trial will begin. It weighs heavily on you that you won’t see him again, feel his touch, but you push it from your thoughts. There’s nothing to be done and you have to accept his fate. As you take a final inventory of your belongings, ensuring that you’ve left nothing around the small room, you hear the door slide open, revealing the cloaked figure of Luke Skywalker. “May I?” he asks cordially. You nod and he steps in. Taking a good look at this legendary man, something you were too nervous to do last time, you examine him carefully. His homespun cloak, worn but purposeful, hangs from him, giving him an almost regal appearance. He is much shorter than his nephew, his kind blue eyes shining within his wizened face. His features are almost hidden with the rugged folds, earned from years of sun and fighting and sorrow. Hands clasped in front of him and within the deep sleeves of his robe, he takes a seat and looks up at you, his eyes narrowing as he scans you with his power. “Have you decided?” he asks, skipping all pretense and getting right to the point of his visit. A slow smile spreads across his drawn features as his eyes follow you, nervously pacing around the small space. “I’ve given your offer a lot of thought,” you say, turning towards Luke, wringing your hands together. “I don’t know what you are looking for in a student…” you trail off, unsure of yourself. “Well,” Luke starts, shifting in his seat and leaning forward. “It’s true that you are not the most Force sensitive individual I’ve encountered,” he watches you closely as he says this, noticing your almost imperceptible slump. Scattered thoughts run through your mind, Kylo’s voice firm with insistence that you train… “But,” he continues, his voice soothing, calm. “That’s not to say the it isn’t worth developing.” He stands again, beckoning you towards him with a flick of his hand. You cross the space in two short steps and he takes your right hand in both of his. His presence, his touch fill you with a sense of peace. Hs hands are soft, the strength that they hold humming just below the surface of his skin. “I've a few others who are interested in pursuing the Jedi path. We would welcome you with open arms. You have a unique skill set that we could use…” His tone is enticing, luring you in gently, warming you to the idea. Luke’s Force signature is entirely unlike Kylo’s. Where Kylo’s was raw and electrifying, Luke’s is like a breeze on a summer day, reassuring and soft. A wide smile breaks across his wrinkled face and he nods his head, knowing your answer before you give it. “What will I tell the University?” you ask, concerned. This job was a rare opportunity, and they had been so kind to you, especially after your recent ordeal. Luke chuckles, releasing your hand and turning towards the door to leave. “Tell them you’ll be working with a real live Jedi artifact,” he says, humor coloring his tone. You laugh, the first real laugh you’ve had in a long while, maybe even since your first encounter with Kylo in that dirty alleyway. Finally you feel that you may be able to heal. ……………….. The corridors are a flurry of activity as the ship’s crew and passengers move towards the exits. Luke had come to gather you so he could take you directly to his own shuttle and you could begin your journey to Tattooine. After Kylo Ren destroyed the Jedi order, Luke decided perhaps an Outer Rim planet would be a better place to train Jedi. As the planet that he’d grown up upon, he was familiar with it. He explains that being there soothes him somehow. The series of caves where Ben Kenobi made his home are perfect for now. There are not many students and some place small, some place quiet is more appropriate than an ostentatious Temple. At least in Luke’s opinion. As you make your way towards the docking bay where Luke’s shuttle is, you ask where Leia is. “My sister is arranging the accommodations for Kylo Ren here while he awaits trial.” He studies you from the corner of his eye, taking in every small gesture and facial expression. “I know that this must be difficult for you. I understand that you developed feelings for him. But you should know that such feelings are common for people who are taken hostage. It’s a normal response to such duress.” Taking a deep breath you nod, desperately trying to hide your thoughts from the powerful Jedi. While feelings like yours may be common for those in such stressful situations, you had reflected on your time with Kylo, especially those days in the Temple, and you are certain that your feelings for him were genuine. Yes he raped you, manhandled you and was rough with you, but after the long hours of conversation with him, you knew that his actions were due to quite plainly not knowing any other way. He was uncomfortable with emotion, unused to common human feelings. He had tried so hard for so long to ignore them, bury them inside himself, until they were nearly gone. And then you appeared in his life, at a time when he was vulnerable and running and hungry for the feel of a warm human body next to his. You recall a night in the Temple, sleeping next to his huge form on the cots he’d arranged for a bed. You woke, feeling the light touch of a finger on your upper arm. Determined to sleep for at least a little while longer, you act as if you hadn’t woken, breathing deeply and keeping still. Kylo is awake, propped up on his side. You can feel his eyes in the dark, staring at you in curiosity and wonder as he runs that thick finger along your arm, feeling the softness of your skin. “How?” he murmurs, thinking you asleep. “How could you care for a monster such as me, after what I’ve done to you, done to everyone who ever loved me.” He sighs and wraps a strong arm around you, pulling you close and sighing into your hair. You lie awake and listen to him gently, easily fall asleep, the warmth of your body lulling him into something akin to contentment. As if a man like the Jedislayer could ever feel such a thing. Coming back to the present, your heart warmed with this memory, you hear a sudden commotion and turn towards it as Luke gently pushes you back against the shining white wall of the Republic ship’s corridor. “Make way!” a loud voice rings out. There is a procession, led by the diminutive figure of General Leia. A cadre of guards surround a tall figure, arms cuffed behind his back, hanks of greasy black hair hanging in his handsome face. Kylo Ren is being escorted off the ship to stand trial. The General is grim, her jaw firmly set as her son is all but dragged behind her. They pass you, and Kylo briefly looks up, raising his eyes and catching a glimpse of you. The ghost of a smile flickers across his full lips until the voice rings out again. “DEAD MAN WALKING” Chapter 13 : Part XIII Summary: It is six months after your departure from Kylo and you have a new love interest. But can he fulfill you? Notes: Hello readers! Here is your update. Sadly there's not a lot of Kylo, but we're building our reader here. I've introduced a new original character, please let me know what you guys think! Thanks again for your kind comments and kudos! Love you! High noon on a planet in a binary system is usually referred to as High Death. The oppressive heat coupled with the deadly ultraviolet radiation forces all life forms, sentient or not, to find shelter until the twin suns part, allowing a modicum of comfort to return to the surface of the planet. Tattooine is no different, and usually only the most brave or desperate of indigenous peoples can be found during these few hours when the suns are at their highest point in the white hot sky. Not so for Luke Skywalker’s Jedi. While not formally Padawans (Luke had decided to do away with any formal order or training path after his nephew destroyed the Jedi Order on Yavin IV) he still referred to his loose band of trainees as Jedi. They sat in meditation during this, the hottest and most dangerous part of the day, only a sliver of shade protecting their delicate skin from the blistering heat. The heat, it is said, will temper you, unless of course is destroys you. In truth, this was Luke’s most favorite part of the day to meditate as it truly tested one’s ability to focus inward. The smooth rock beneath you has lost most of its warmth and is no longer uncomfortable. The loose tunic you wear sticks to the skin of your back and perspiration runs freely down from your temples to your jawline, but your mind is elsewhere, not here, not feeling the boiling sunshine pounding your now sun darkened skin. Your eyes are closed and you are focused on your breath, your mind quiet, serene even. Time has ceased to matter, only the breath, only the Force that surrounds you and flows through you. The soft sound of a bell signals the end of the meditation, bringing you back to the present. Master Luke’s gentle voice reaches your ears, “Now, students, feel where your body makes contact with the stone, feel the blood coursing through your veins, the heat on your skin…come back to yourself and breathe in the Force. Move your hands and now your feet,” he pauses and you hear him inhale deeply, “open your eyes, Students.” You open your lids, but the brightness of the day forces them closed again. You blink rapidly, allowing your pupils to adjust to the blinding sunshine. Once you are able to keep your eyes open you stretch your arms up, turning and watching your fellow students doing the same. “You may shower if you like, young Jedi. Please be sure to arrive for your evening assignments in a timely manner.” Master Luke admonishes. There are only ten of you, ranging in age from late adolescence to near 30. You fall somewhere in between, a latecomer to the ways of the Force, but happy to be here regardless. Since your arrival on Tattooine six months ago, you’re more at peace in your life than you ever have been. With one, small exception. Your heart aches for Kylo Ren, taken from you and paraded before you, his long trial still ongoing as he waits for the state sanctioned death his own mother is fighting for. But eventually you know you will feel peace even about him and about his reemergence with the Force. As your rise to your feet, pulling your tunic free from the sweat that sheathes the skin of your back, one of your fellow students makes his way over to you, holding out his hand and helping you up. He smiles rakishly and pulls you into his arms, pecking your cheek. You laugh and pull back, taking his hand in yours for the long walk back to the system of caves and low buildings you call home. Master Luke had long since given up trying to institute the same laws and regulations upon his students that once existed. With such a small and informal group of students, he didn’t see the need to. He was far more relaxed, enjoying his time with this group much more than he had when things were more structured, more formal. Some said that Luke should give up teaching the ways of the Force entirely, but he always responded that he was a born teacher and dedicated to the Force. If things were more informal than they were before, at least he was still training Jedi. Besides, the old ways hadn’t worked, the Order had been brought down at least twice in recent memory. Perhaps it was time for a change. This romance was just as informal as the new Order was. There were no expectations, just a relaxed and comfortable camaraderie and mutual need for intimate contact. You cared for Ailill certainly, but it lacked the burning desire you had had for Kylo. Ailill Madagan was around your age, reasonably tall with a thin, wiry musculature that was deceptively strong. He seemed all limbs until he began moving through his forms. That was when his strength and grace shone through the seeming awkwardness of his lanky build. A mop of sun bleached light red hair and azure eyes that crinkled just so when he smiled and he was irresistible. Not that there were many girls to choose from, although students were free to socialize in town. But Ailill only had eyes for you. When you reached home, making your way to your shady room, Ailill grabbed your wrist and tugged at you before parting. “Gonna shower, love?” he asked, his lilting accent like music in the bluish light of the hall leading to your room. You smile, turning back towards him as he pushes his hair away from his forehead and grins at you. “I am,” you respond, untying your tunic already, “Just dropping a few things off before heading to the showers. Care to join?” you arch one eyebrow at him, a smile tugging at your lips. His grin broadens and he nods his head enthusiastically. “Aye.” he says, placing a soft kiss on your lips. “I’ll meet you there in just a few minutes,” you say, turning towards your room and parting the curtain that divides it from the hall. Pulling the sweat damp tunic from your body and unlacing your boots, you sit down on the low cot that serves as a bed, removing all but the cami and undershorts you’re wearing. A long, deep sigh, content with just a hint of sadness rises up out of your chest as you flick on the datapad that sits on your bedside table. You make a few, quick taps and check in with the holonews. Being here in the Outer Rim can make you feel like you’re losing touch with the rest of the Galaxy. You scroll through the lead stories and feel a sinking in your chest as you tap on one, a holoprojection dancing upwards from the screen. It’s General Organa, speaking to the Galaxy regarding the latest news on the trial of her son. “Greetings fellow Galactic citizens,” her presence and bearing make her larger than life, even in the flickering projection, “It is with great sadness and conviction that I come before you today to implore you to reconsider your decision regarding the banned use of capital punishment with regards to the Jedi Slayer and First Order war criminal, Kylo Ren.” She steals herself, her eyes flicking back and forth as she considers her audience. She must be talking to the Senate, you guess. It has been a struggle for her to get them to lift the ban for this one time use, but she is unrelenting. “Today is the anniversary of the murder of my husband,” she pauses as a hush surrounds her in the recording. “My husband and your General, Han Solo. Without which we would likely still be under the oppressive rule of the Galactic Empire, still fearing the wrath of Emperor Palpatine and his Death Star instead of freely debating whether or not a hero’s murderer deserves the same sentence he doled out so callously.” Leia stands with her hands clasped at her waist, her battle fatigues worn looking, even in the projection. The recording ends with type scrolling across the screen of your datapad, “SENATE RECONSIDERS USE OF DEATH PENALTY FOR KYLO REN” before moving onto the next story in the feed. You lean back against the thin pillow on your bed, trying to push these things from your mind. It works, but you know it will only be temporary. They’ll return tonight when you’re trying to get some sleep, pushing at the corners of your thoughts like the dust and sand of Tattooine pushing at every window and door of a shelter in the desert. You hold your face in your hands for a brief moment, pressing your fingertips against your eyes until black spots dance in your vision. Sensing someone at the door your rake your fingers back through your hair and sit up, pasting a smile across your face as Ailill pushes aside the curtain and enters your small room. He is also only in his undergarments, his pale freckled skin stretched taut across the muscles of his body. He narrows his blue eyes, ginger-gold brows knitting together in concern. “All right love?” he asks, scanning you for a hint of what’s on your mind. You’ve become adept at hiding these thoughts about Kylo from him. It isn’t his concern and you don’t want to burden him with the secrets of your past. “I am!” you answer brightly, hopping to your feet and taking his hand. He looks down at you quizzically but then shrugs it off. You sense his confusion, but, true to the easy going nature of your relationship, he shakes it off and follows you towards the communal showers. Thankfully the room is empty as you enter, Ailill’s hands all over you already. He’s kissing you, pulling off his shorts as he gets the water for the shower ready. The steam starts to rise and you both enter the stall, pressing your wet bodies together as the hot water soaks you, Ailill’s stiffening cock against your thigh. Stepping back a bit you look at him, taking in the sight of his sculpted body, peppered with light auburn freckles. How he’s stayed so pale in the desert, you have no idea, your own skin has suffered greatly in the sun, burning then peeling until it finally just gave up, turning a light bronze shade. You press your lips against his neck, his chest, the heat of his skin and the water soothing your aching muscles. You close your eyes, breathing in the steam and suddenly your mind is gone, back to the Temple, back to Kylo scrubbing at your skin with oils and fine sand in the pools deep underground…you shake your head and bring yourself back to Tattooine, back to Ailill and his bright Force signature, fingers fumbling over your breasts, parting your thighs. His touch and his energy are nothing like Kylo's, he is gentle, patient, he asks you what you want, what you like. He becomes concerned if it seems like you are unhappy or uncomfortable, and he gets your permission before doing anything. He is kind and loving, so unlike Kylo. Yet…in the dark of night there are times when you miss Kylo's rough hands, his fingers wrapping cruelly around your throat. Ailill notices your distance and stops his ministrations, cocking his head and raising your chin up to meet his gaze. His red hair is plastered to his head, strands dripping and hanging in his deep blue eyes. He is so concerned for you, so taken aback by your distance. Your chest hurts knowing that whatever your agreement, he is falling for you, and you are unlikely to fall back. “What can I do for you, love?” he asks tenderly, his eyes searching your face for a hint of what’s causing you such obvious pain. Locking eyes you circle your arm around him, pulling him in by the back of his neck. “Fuck me,” you husk, your voice gravelly, needing him to use you rather than please you. His eyes widen and he stutters,” Are you…” but you cut him off, crushing your lips against his and forcing your tongue into his mouth. “Press me up against this wall, Ailill, and Fuck. Me.” Ailill turns you around, his cock hard and his heart racing and fucks you as best he can. Chapter 14 : Part XIV Summary: A meeting with Master Luke brings some disconcerting news Notes: Hey guys! This is another story builder, so no smut, I'm afraid. Drop me a line, let me know what you think! :-) The blue light of the early dawn seeped through the low windows of your room, revealing the long sleeping form of Ailill by your side. As your eyes adjust to the dim light he shifts and turns, softly snoring in his peaceful sleep. You gaze at him, taking in the beauty of his soft skin. Running your fingers over his upper arm, connecting the freckles that form constellations all across his body he stirs and you freeze, trying not to wake him. He settles again and you release your breath, rising slowly from the warm bed and wrapping a thin shawl around your shoulders. Powering up your datapad you turn on a kettle to prepare a cup of tea and get ready for your day. Ailill still has a few minutes to sleep, so you pad around the room quietly, trying to let him enjoy his dreams. You've been restless these last few weeks. Kylo's trial, ongoing and the top story in every holonews feed keeps you awake at night. Voraciously you consume every bit of information you can, from speculation on whether or not the Senate will allow General Organa's request for the Death Penalty to come to fruition, to the mental state of the prisoner as reported on by several psychological experts. Ailill as well as Master Luke have noticed your distance, that you've been distracted and unable to focus. Switching the kettle off right before it comes to a boil, you pour it over fragrant, spicy tea leaves, the aroma wafting on the steam rising from your mug. You prepare another cup for Ailill and set it aside, allowing it to steep and waiting for him to wake up. You draw the shawl around you tighter and sit, flicking through the news feed, your eyes darting back and forth while you read the latest about Kylo's trial. Testimony from several former First Order officers and troopers is damning. It speaks of his inherent violence and his disregard for other sentient beings. The Prosecutor for the Galactic Republic is unrelenting in his questioning, drawing exactly what he needs out of any witness that takes the box. Your mouth draws into a tight lipped frown and you hear Ailill's feet touch the floor, the low bed creaking softly as he rises. Tapping off your datapad you pull a quick smile as he comes to join you, placing a sleepy kiss on your waiting lips. "Good morning," he yawns, stretching his long arms above his head and flexing his spine. He ruffles his light ginger hair and yawns again, longer and louder this time as you laugh softly. Taking his cup, you present it to him as he flutters open his deep blue eyes, smiling widely at you. "Is that for me?" He asks, surprised. Ailill places a soft kiss on your lips, pleased that you thought of him. He's usually the one who goes out of his way to be kind to you, do those little things. You've been so preoccupied lately that you have made a point to do small, kind things for him. None of what you are feeling is his responsibility, and he's been more than wonderful to you these past several months. The least you can do a prepare him a cup of tea. Breathing in the cinnamon spice fragrance of the tea, he takes a long, slow sip, savoring the delicate brew. "Ah...: he breathes out, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallows, "Just how I like it." He kisses you again, running long, thin fingers through your hair. "Ready for the mess hall?" Nodding, you rise from your seat, placing the shawl on a hook on the wall and pulling on your tunic and leggings. You slide your feet into thin slippers and watch as he does the same, then pulls the curtain open, holding it for you so you may exit your room. As you make your way towards the mess hall (which is really just another small room, set right off the kitchen with a series of low tables for your fellow students) you bump into a few of your contemporaries, smiling and exchanging morning greetings. Everyone looks especially tired today, perhaps yesterday's sessions were just a bit too difficult. Master Luke would be sure to push them harder today. Entering the hall, Ailill places his mug down by your regular seat and enters the short food line. Everyone takes turns manning the kitchen and laundry rooms. This is your turn to man laundry, and your work will come much later. Grabbing two trays, Ailill hands one to you as your mouth begins to water as the savory smell of breakfast reaches your nostrils. Another breakfast, another time. Kylo's tall form hunched over a low cooking surface, presenting you with a chipped plate of scavenged food. You blink, shaking your head and bringing yourself back to the present. Ailill looks down at you, his ginger eyebrows coming together in a concerned expression. "Where were you just there? He asks, holding out his plate for breakfast to be spooned into it. He nudges you, gesturing for you to do the same. He grabs both of you a piece of fruit and guides you back to your seat as the sounds of forks clinking against plates fills the small room. "I'm sorry, Ailill," you apologize, quite sincerely. "I haven't been sleeping well lately, and its affecting my concentration." "I've noticed," he responds, shoveling a fork full of food into his mouth and chewing, washing it down with more of his tea. "I am sorry you haven't been sleeping well, but I wish you would tell me what's been on your mind. You're so closed off to me lately." You can sense him scanning you gently with his Force energy, seeking, wanting to know how best he can help you. "I'm ok," you say, reassuringly patting his hand and kissing his breakfast salty lips. You smack your lips together after breaking the kiss and smile at him. "Yum!" You laugh, turning back to your breakfast. "I better eat this before it gets too cold to enjoy." Ailill joins in your laugh, allowing you to change the subject, although he is well aware of the diversion. As you both finish your meal, making polite conversation with your fellow students, Master Luke's cloaked figure weaves its way through the room. Students drop their utensils and place their beverages down in reverence for their Master, nodding their heads at him as he passes. He acknowledges each and every student before finally reaching the table where you and Ailill are seated. "Good Morning," he says brightly, smiling from within his thick, grey beard. While outwardly he is the picture of composure, you can tell he is keyed up, his Force signature seems to be humming at a higher, more keening note. "Good Morning, Master," you both respond in unison. Raising your eyes to his soft blue ones, you know instinctively that Luke is here to speak to you. "Before you attend your morning classes," he begins, gesturing towards you, "I wonder if you wouldn't mind stopping by my chambers. There are a few things I would like to go over with you." He brings his hand to his face and strokes his beard, trying to hide his nervous energy. Amongst the students, this is a dead giveaway. Either Master Luke is angry, contemplating an idea, or trepidatious when his hand comes to stroke the coarse grey hair that hides his lower face. As you pick up your breakfast plate and mug you rise, nodding towards Master Luke. "I'm finished eating, Master. Would you like to do this now?" Luke nods, taking your plate for you and placing it on the collection tray on the table next to you. He leads the way and you follow his softly billowing cloak, turning towards Ailill. "I'll catch up with you later," you say. He presses his lips to two fingers and holds out his hand towards you. You feel a pang in your chest at the gesture and smile weakly, turning back to follow Luke to his private quarters. When you reach Luke's rooms he leads you towards a small, office type space where you can both sit comfortably. R2-D2 beeps sassily in the corner and Luke nods at the squat droid. "Caf will be fine, Artoo," he turns towards you as you take a seat. "Anything for you? More tea?" You nod silently, your eyes wide and nervous as the droid beeps in the affirmative as he rolls away to another room. Very shortly he comes back with two steaming mugs. He rolls alongside Luke who takes them off his offered tray and smiles, patting Artoo on his canister like head. "Thank you, old friend," he says kindly as the droid coos then rolls away. "So," he says, settling into his chair behind a low table. The table is covered in scrolls and datachips that he brushes aside, resting his arms on the cluttered surface. "I'm sure you're wondering why I've asked you to meet with me." Smiling ruefully, you shrug, taking a sip of the tea. "I'm pretty sure it has something to do with the trial taking place in the Core," you respond. Luke's eyes close as he lowers his head slightly and nods. "That's exactly it." He brings a large datapad out of a hidden drawer and taps it on, the blue glow illuminating his face in the shadowy room. Concentrating he taps and types, finally finding what he's looking for. He hands you the datapad so you can see what he's brought up there. It's a typed and very formally written letter, subpoenaing you and he to Kylo Ren's trial to provide testimony. Your heart sinks and a creeping, cold sensation works its way up your spine like a finger of ice. "I suppose I expected this to happen," you sigh, resigned to your fate. There's no escaping the legal system of the Republic. And because General Organa is so adamant about the Death Penalty, they're casting a wide net and reeling in anyone they can to provide testimony, "Trust me," Luke says, his wizened face crestfallen as he takes the datapad back from you, "This is the last thing in the whole Galaxy I ever wanted to do to you. But I will be providing testimony as well, so we can travel to the Core together. I will not leave you alone," He places his rough and gnarled hand over yours, the low hum of his Force signature seeking to calm you. It is a kind gesture, but right now it has no effect. "Thank you, Master," you nod, rising from your seat. "Am I dismissed?" Luke nods in response, and, just before you cross the threshold he calls your name and you turn to face him again. "May the Force be with you," he says, his shoulders slumped in defeat, although his words are sincere. "And with you, Master," you respond, leaving his room and heading back to your own to gather your thoughts before continuing with your day. After working yourself nearly to collapse, the binary sunset sends its blood orange glow across the sky, signaling the end of your day. Ailill, concerned and ever kind, takes your arm and leads you back into the shadowy confines of the compound to shower. You can't even hide the fact that you are lost in your thoughts as you wash the sand and sweat from your body. After toweling off and heading back to your room, Ailill takes you into his arms and holds you tight, placing soft kisses on the top of your head, your forehead and smooth cheeks. Finally you come back to yourself, settling on the sharp thread of a thought that has been tumbling within your mind. "Ailill," you start, sitting on the edge of your bed, "may I ask you something?" He nods, chewing his tooth cleaning stick and raking his wet hair back from his freckled forehead. "Aye, of course!" He's pleased that you're speaking again after a day of only necessary communication. "How long have you trained under Master Luke?" He scrunches his handsome face up in concentration, a long finger tapping his lips as he thinks. "Well," he starts, blue eyes far away as he recalls his first days with the old Jedi. "I guess its been nearly three years now. Why d'ya ask?" "I'm just curious, I guess," you respond, climbing into bed as he peels back the covers on his side. "Do you remember Master Luke learning or training under anyone during that time?" You curl into the crook of his shoulder as his long arm comes around you, pressing your body against his. Ailill reaches into his memories again and nods, "I do, as you mention it. I recall a time, maybe about...a year and a half ago. He was digging through scrolls upon scrolls, sending a few of the more practiced students to find some arcane knowledge he was in search of." You dig further, gently, trying not to rouse his curiosity. "Do you remember what that was?" "Hm," he responds, "I don't, but I believe he was able to obtain a holocron that held the lesson. He was very stressed for some time, working himself nearly to death, not eating. We were all quite concerned but," he shrugs, and your head shifts with the motion, "it seemed to work its way out. You know Master Luke. He sorts it out, whatever it is." Ailill settles, pulling the blanket over the both of you and closing his eyes. "That he does," you murmur, a plan forming in your mind, "that he does."