shopping they're shopping for witch supplies :) techie likes this crystal ball but matt isn't a believer (yet) blue hair techie because him and hux are cotton candy twins Chapter 2 : gardening sorry this one is so shitty :/ im feeling bad about my art ability but im determined to finish this 30-day thing anyway, cause i can only get better by practicing. i wish i had a tablet! Chapter 3 : gifts techie and matt don't know each other, but they're in the finalizer mess hall at the same time. matt notices techie frowning at his rotted piece of fruit and offers him his own. Chapter 4 : kisses sorry the image is sideways. im useless and i dont know how to turn it and im too tired to take a picture again. but here is kisses. techie's about to give him some more. Chapter 5 : work matt is trying to chat techie up by the water cooler. techie is one of those computer guys who never takes his sweatshirt off like elliot alderson. it looks like a scribble to me and i dont like how matt's face came out and i didn't spend very much time on it but i wanted to make sure i did it today, im just really trying to do something every single day. so here it is! :) Chapter 6 : hair matt is checking the french-braid instructions. i hate drawing without proper references but i still feel like this came out better than yesterday's :) Chapter 7 : love <3 shoulder kisses :) featuring techie's full body blush and shoulder freckles. i am weak for shoulder freckles <3 Chapter 8 : cuddles ok i wanted to draw them lying down and cuddling but i wasn't exactly sure how and i had a good reference photo for standing up so i went with it! im really proud of this one i feel like it's almost good enough to put on tumblr :D i got these new markers today, just the black and then two warm greys, and i love them! Chapter 9 : flower crowns this one, i fucked up on matt's face so i painted over it in white and i liked it so now theyre ghost flower children edit: I JUST REALIZED I FORGOT MATT'S GLASSES! THAT'S WHY HE LOOKS SO WEIRD! Chapter 10 : balloons i really didn't want to fall behind, and i also wanted to try to do a cutesier style, so i made this doodle for balloon day: im not crazy about how matt turned out but i ADORE this techie Chapter 11 : cooking college au. techie's sleepy and making ramen and matt is sleepily falling into him. Chapter 12 : au hair-length swap au! this isn't a very exciting au but im into it Chapter 13 : animals couldn't resist the opportunity for more catboy!techie i feel like my grasp on my own drawing is getting better but what i can do is still so jagged and thin-looking. i want to try rounder, fuller shapes in my next one Chapter 14 : comfort theyre having a nice lie-down i like how techie's face came out Chapter 15 : fall PUMPKIN SPICE this is really simple i know, but i am really into pumpkin spice lattes and all that, and i just felt like drawing a starbucks cup Chapter 16 : hidden talents ok i actually really really like this one!!! i dont even know why i just think it's great and im proud of it techie is very flexible, he can do bridges and fun contortionist stuff Chapter 17 : make-up him pretty Chapter 18 : holding hands Chapter 19 : date night they were just going to stay at home and watch a movie but techie was sleepy and now it's like cuddle night this is really scribbly, but i didnt feel that inspired about this one? but i think it came out ok. im just trying to keep drawing every single day, even if it's something like this :) Chapter 20 : pining lol i raised the rating of the entire thing just for this chapter. i love the idea of people touching themselves and moaning out the name of the person they're thinking about <3 also i like the idea of techie having a little geometric blackwork over his forehead tattoo: