Kylo Ren was the type to get himself into trouble. Or at least, he had been. He believed that his life had changed, and with it, his affinity for creating a maelstrom of discord. If, however, his mother was to be believed - he might always be a bad-luck charm dressed all in black. She was sure they would write songs about his luck, from here to Uzbekistan. This night, however, seemed to give him an entirely different opinion of himself. He hadn't been expecting to end the night dirty and covered in blood - attempting to explain himself to a being who appeared so unreal that he stammered in his wake. No, a more fitting ending to the evening would have found Kylo passed out, face down in his bed after having retched up the entire contents of his stomach. Kylo found himself feeling a wave of sad nostalgia at the thought of it. He wondered if he would ever see his apartment again. -------- The night had started out normally enough. He knew enough of his mother's bad magic to know that he shouldn't read into signs at all, but now he was seriously regretting not having read into the "signs". It was Friday, and in Corus if you were anyone who meant anything you were going out to the clubs and bars that dotted the downtown strip. Kylo frequented a few of them, but mostly he stuck to 'Deviation', a club that matched up to it's name in throwing people quite off their chosen path. Kylo had woken up from a nap that had lasted way longer than intended by the incessant ring of his phone. A high-pitched beeping that resembled a robot dying crept into his dreams, didn't cease, and eventually pulled him from his REM cycle. He peeled his eyes open and rolled over, seeking out the source of the noise before propping himself up on his long arm and swiping the phone to 'answer'. "What?" "Ooh, did I wake widdle baby up from his nappy-boo?" "Rey," He muttered in reply, rubbing his face. "You win the prize! Congratulations on being the ninth caller!" "You called me," "Wow, not at your best and brightest, huh? Get up and get dressed, we found a new place." "We?" "Yes, me, Finn and Poe. We." "Oh, right," "Oookay, just get up, alright? I'll text you the directions to the place." Kylo hung up and tossed the phone onto the bed, blearily blinking and carefully peeling one eye open. Naps were a crap shoot, you either woke up feeling great or you woke up feeling like you'd been steam rolled by a dung beetle who had rolled up an excessive amount of dung. He finally found the wherewithal inside of himself to get up out of bed and shuffle into the bathroom. He flicked the light on after a minute of fumbling and peered at himself in the mirror. Kylo had never found his appearance attractive - but he was broad and tall and he had a head of hair that usually ended the evening with a bunch of drunk girls running their fingers through it. He gave himself a grumpy look before turning the shower on. It was long after he had disrobed and gotten in the shower that he realized he had left his socks on. He muttered "shit" before peeling his thoroughly soaked socks off and slapping them over the side of his tub. The hot water did it's part in waking him up, helping to clear his eyes of sleep. When he was done, he realized he was going to have to choose an outfit. It was remarkably easy to dress himself on most days, but Rey hadn't really specified appropriate attire (or at least he couldn't remember that she had). He went with what he was most comfortable in - a pair of jeans that had once been black but were now a more washed out shade of gray - and a torn up t-shirt that had 'BAHAUS' printed across of that he couldn't quite discern the exact color of. After he was dressed, he began the mad shuffle of attempting to find his phone among the mess of blankets and sheets he had left behind. Eventually, he came up with it, and checked the text that Rey had sent. He squinted at the address - Ren could not remember any clubs in that area of town, but he put it up to something new popping up in an unexplained place. It hadn't been a sign, or anything. ------------ Ren locked his apartment up and made his way to the elevator and, consequently, the first floor. He went through the revolving door that the door-man guarded, gave him a succinct 'hello', and headed in the direction of his car. It was a short walk, and Rey had scolded him many-a-time about how stupid it was to drive in this city, but Ren had refused to give up driving. However, the wheel of his car was locked up in holo-lock, a glowing ring that would prevent the car from going anywhere. Ren pulled a face and leaned against the car with a sigh. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and sent a text to Rey. //Car has been holo-locked I guess I'll have to see this place another night// It took a few moments, but eventually his phone 'pinged' with a reply. //Bullshit! Take a car you can't miss this place// Ren signed, a full sigh that made his cheeks puff out like a chipmunk before he went back inside his apartment complex and dialed the number of the nearest car company he knew of. It was going to cost a chunk of money, but he didn't think too much on it. After about fifteen minutes, the dark sedan showed up and he was on his way downtown. It hadn't been a sign, right? ------------ It took him about forty minutes to get there. Traffic downtown was so congested that he told the car-driver that he'd get out and walk from there. He paid the guy and set his phone to help him find the address, though he had a pretty good idea of where it was. So, when he reached the address and there were no people out front, and it looked like an old, creepy warehouse that had been shut up for years, Ren was a little surprised. He looked at his phone, but he wasn't too keen on standing out in front of the place for too long, so he knocked on the door. Someone answered; a rather imposing man who was more pale than Ren had ever seen (and he was pretty pale, himself). The man let him in without much question (another sign?), and Ren accepted the stamp that was placed on his hand without any questions. The club was certainly more than he had been expecting. He had been expecting a dingy bar with a few regulars, but when he got a good eyeful of it, he began to realize why Rey had been pushing him so hard. The bar was circular and it took up most of the main room, all decked in obsidian and red velvet. They only seemed to stock the most expensive alcohol they could muster, and Ren found the bar surrounded with people who (he thought) were much more beautiful and well dressed than he. Ren kept and eye out for Rey and her two beaus, but he found that he didn't see them anywhere. He sidled up to the bar and ordered a drink, though the bartender looked thoroughly disgusted at his simple order of scotch on the rocks, and charged him nearly 20 credits to drink it. When it was set in front of him, Ren was not surprised to find that it was not a double, but a tiny bit of extremely expensive whiskey in a very small, crystal tumbler. He noticed, in a passing fashion, that everyone was wearing masquerade masks, even the bartender. Ren felt out of place, but his curiosity drew him forward. He took his drink and made his way through the various rooms - though he grew more uncomfortable the longer he found he could not find Rey and the more the club began to resemble 'The Masque of Red Death'. Each room had a color and a theme, and though he was no virgin to seeing people get up to strange things in night clubs, he began to make excuses for what he was seeing. The more he had of his drink, the fuzzier things became, until the people he saw became garish, laughing versions of themselves. He finally grew tired of what felt like an endless search, and crept into one of the rooms - this one tinted an oppressive, dreadful red. He only needed a moment to try and text Rey and see where she was, but when he sat down on one of the empty red divans, he was overwhelmed with the need to sleep. He attempted to fight it as he pulled his cellphone out - but it won out, and the bright screen became a fuzzy mess until everything and everyone became dark. ---------- Ren didn't remember much else. When he woke up, the serene and somewhat creepy club had become a thing of chaos. There was blood all over his shirt, but he felt no pain. He was decidedly lacking in any feeling. The room was covered in gore and was much less atmospheric with full light leaking into it. He barely had time to gather his wits before a menagerie of people entered the room and hoisted him up from his seat on the divan. He barely kept up his consciousness before he was pulled from his spot and into a different place entirely. Where that was, he did not know. ---------- When Ren woke again, it was in a lush suite full of bright candles, renaissance paintings, lush fabrics and ceiling to floor windows draped with gold curtains. He was being held by two beings who possessed a seemingly remarkable amount of strength and he found that there was a man and a very tall woman standing in front of him. She might have been taller than he was. Her hair was blond and clipped short and her face was set in a way that could be described masculine but was not lacking in beauty. Her eyes were an off-putting shade of purple, the irises being a deep, soulless black. He heard quiet mumbling first, but then the male voice that was speaking in accented and clipped tones became more apparent. "Well, it appears that his blood is not thin, he was the only one who managed to survive," "No, my Prince - he appears to be a full blood," It was the woman, her tones soothing and low. Once Ren managed to get control of his head, he blinked the blur from his eyes and attempted to find the source of the other voice. It was a man, slight in form. He was tall, dressed in a very expensive and dark suit. His ginger hair was slicked back from his features, which were somewhat pinched at the moment. His eyes were a near icy green, or blue? Kylo couldn't tell. His most outstanding feature was the dusting of freckles across his face, as he could tell they were gold in color. Almost sparkling, Ren was questioning the fact that they might have been make-up. He spoke. Ren fought to make out the words...and then suddenly the man spoke again. "What is your name?" "Kylo...Kylo Ren," He managed to croak out. "Did he say Kyle?" The man with the ginger hair leaned back as he spoke. "Yes Prince, I believe he did." "Well, Kyle," The man leaned down to peer into his face. "You're in a rather unfortunate situation. Can you stand?" The two men holding him hoisted him up to his feet, which he was aware were bare. The man in front of him twisted his features up. "He's getting blood everywhere. Fetch something to clean it up. Phasma, leave us." He gave a dismissive and somewhat arrogant twitch of his elegant hand. "Now, usually Kyle, in this situation, we would decapitate you." Kylo blanked, and then stared. "What? Why?" "Don't you understand, dear boy? You're a vampire now."