Chapter One The whole universe would forever remember Kylo Ren, but for the moment he was eerily silent. After the destruction of the Starkiller Base the threat of the First Order had been on the down low. However, this left time for Rey and two other promising young women who came from the rebellion plenty of time to train in the ways of the Jedi. After Rey had found Luke Skywalker the rebellion sent two other girls to the first Jedi temple to train with her. Their names were Etta Engelward and Annika Quintano and were only a few years younger than Rey and Maz Kanata claimed that they should be shipped out there. Leia decided against the decision at first, she forever regretted sending Ben to train; but after proper examination of Annika and Etta they were shipped off to Luke and Rey. The resistance figured that having four Jedi’s was better than having two. Rey, Etta, and Annika were all quick learners even for the age they were. After three years they were almost Jedi Masters, and good, promising, pure, possible Jedi Masters. Or at least that’s what Luke had thought. “She has rage behind her actions Luke.” Obi Wan discussed with him in his spirit form. “She doesn’t hesitate, which can be a good quality but not always. Annika takes too many risks, thinks of others before herself too much, she’s almost reckless with the force.” “And what’s so bad about putting others before herself? Isn’t that the way of the Jedi?” Luke said sharply, Annika was his favorite of the three Jedi’s. He saw himself in her. “Luke she’s almost like-” “Me,” Anakin spoke finishing Obi Wan’s thought. “She’s easily persuaded, doesn’t work through her feelings of anger properly. Luke you must work with her on her emotions more or she will do something that will make her regret everything.” “Have you told that to my nephew?” Luke scoffed, Anakin smiled a bit, and Obi Wan rolled his eyes, “I like how she shows her emotions. She’s more personable that way.” “Etta and Rey are personable too, they just use the proper emotions.” Obi Wan said in frustration. “I’ll work with her.” Luke replied. +++ On the rebel base located on D’Qar Lee Zheutlin was working on her X-Wing with Poe Dameron. Atlas Frisken was cleaning her blasted while working on eating her lunch. S-1A8 was beeping aggressively at Lee while she laughed at her droid. “What’s it yelling at you for?” Poe asked while he helped Lee polish off one of the wings on her ship. “I’ve never seen any droid get so pissed off before.” He said in a joking tone. “Apparently I’m not worried about Cain as much as I should be.” She replied after sitting down next to Atlas and taking part of her roll. “S-1A8 has the idea that I’m in love with your brother.” “Ha! Your droid has it all wrong, my brother in in love with you.” Poe threw tucked his rag into his tool belt and Lee frowned. “I think the whole dea is stupid.” “Then why are you the most excited when he comes home?” Atlas questioned. “Because he’s my friend and I love him and he’s a spy meaning he spends so much time around Kylo Ren, the man who wants to conquer the universe and kill half the beings in it.” “Well then you’d be happy to hear that he just got back.” Atlas, Poe, and Lee and whipped their heads around. It was Leia who was standing before them smiling, for the first time in a while. Poe ran off to the living quarters and shouted the news at Finn who proceeded to run with him. Atlas took off after them while was asked to stay behind for a bit. “Lee I need to talk to you about some important things, things regarding you and your relations. Luke has recently contacted me about Annika. I’m aware that you were her closest friend when she resided here on D’Qar.” “Yes we were. We haven't had any contact since she left three years ago though. Is she in trouble?” “Possibly, Luke says she has too much angar and she’s like how my father was before he turned dark.” “Just tell Luke that she needs her space but don’t let her get out of reach. Sometimes she just has to be alone with her thoughts. Is there anything else I can be used as assistance for?” “So I’ve heard that you and Mr. Dameron are ‘more than friends’.” “Leia, Poe’s almost three years older than I am.” “That’s really not that much.” “Yeah but the other one is so much younger.” “Well I’m talking about the other one.” She paused for a moment to collect her thoughts. “Lee you know that Cain is surrounded by darkness every time he goes out there; everyone on the base believes you are the person that brings him closest to the light when he comes home.” “I believe that at all times we are surrounded by the dark side of the force, it just depends how strong of a mindset a person has to stay out of it’s grasp.” Lee put on a tank top so she was wearing an actual shirt instead if just a sports-bra, “You’re too poetic Miss Zheutlin. Stay close to him, trust me when I say he needs it.” And with that statement Leia walked away from Lee. Lee smirked and adjusted her tool belt on her waist and proceeded to go to the living quarters. She knew she smelled like grease and sweat but she knew Cain wouldn’t care. Lee loved him like you would love a friend but a part of her loved him in a special way. A very asexual way. She was already his best friend but sometimes a part of her wished they could have special moments all to themselves that she could remember when she went into battle with Atlas and Poe. Sometimes she wished he was never a spy but a simple ship engineer. Any job was dangerous if you had one with the rebellion, but if he just stayed at the base building and repairing ships he wouldn’t have to look Kylo Ren in the face all the time. Breaking her train of thought Lee heard a familiar voice that belonged to the one and only Cain Dameron. “Don’t you just look like a hottie!” “Only the best for you!” She shouted back while running and leaping into Cain. Their embrace was warm and sweet and both heard Finn make an ‘awe’ noise after the hug ended with a kiss on the cheek coming from Cain. “So how was it, did you dig up anything worth while?” “I did in fact, I was able to take some bits and pieces of the new blueprints of the new and improved Starkiller base. Leia already has them, but let us talk about you Lee. What’s going on with you and S-1A8? Is it still beeping at you in it’s strange language?” “It’s strange language is the first tongue used by the droids, S-IA8 is a classic.” It was true, Lee’s little droid spoke the most unusual form of droid only she knew how to speak because her mother and father taught her how to. S-1A8 was a family droid that had been passed down for generations and only the Zheutlin knew how to speak. It was a strange mixture of low beeps, hums, and what sounded like grinding. “And you guessed it, they have been yelling at me for the past four weeks straight.” “About what?” Cain asked in a flirty tone. “Nothing of your concern.” Lee said back with an eyebrow raise and a quick wink. She walked out of Cain’s room and headed towards her’s down the hall. “Now where do you think you’re going?” He asked leaning on his door frame. “My room to take a shower. Why? Do you wish to join me?” Cain was shocked and his face turned bright red like S1A8’s exterior metal plating. “I’ll see you at dinner, give you some time to get settled in. We can talk then!” Lee shouted at him before walking into her room. “I’ll tell you all about my adventures and you can tell me all about that laserbrain Kylo Ren.” +++ “Sending us back? Did we do something wrong?” Rey asked. She was still in shock about Luke’s previous statement. “You didn’t do anything wrong, you all finished. I’ve consulted with Obi Wan and we both agree you’re finished. You are no longer my Padawan, but are all Jedi Masters.” Luke said with excitement. “Rey you can have the honor of flying us all home.” R2 squealed with joy and both Annika and Rey’s faces lit up. “Aren’t we too young? It’s only been three years. Surely we can’t be that good of listeners!” Etta said sounding skeptical. “Do you really think we are ready to take on this next chapter in our lives?” “I can no longer teach you anything for you must learn things yourself. There will forever and always be challenges you must face head on and learn lessons from the hard way. Now everything relies on how you manage yourselves, how you work through your emotions, how you handle your problems.” “Luke sometimes you remind me so much of Lee, with your poetic phrases and serious undertone.” Etta said adjusting her lightsaber on her hip as she sauntered down to the ship with Rey and Annika. “It’s borderline ridiculous.” +++ Dinner on the rebel base consisted of many long tables crammed with members of the resistance shouting, eating, laughing, and some getting up and dancing in the isles. Music played through the dining hall making it all the merrier. Lee dipped bread into her soup while laughing at a joke Atlas made, Poe rustled Cain’s hair when he sat down next to him. “So what are the grand adventures you promised you would tell us about?” Poe asked Cain while attempting to take a spoonful of Lee’s soup, she slapped his hand away. “Well I got up close and personal with the one and only one time, had lunch with General Hux, snuck into the storage room to collect data on the new base, and ‘misplaced’ one of Captain Phasma’s blasters. Which-” Cain reached into his satchel located behind him and tossed the gun onto the table, “Is one of my many toys I brought back for you kids.” “I was wondering if you got us souvenirs from your stay with the First Order!” Atlas exclaimed. “I did in fact bring bag gifts and this,” Cain pushed the blaster towards Atlas, “is for you.” Atlas was in awe as she picked up the gun. “It’s so lightweight, so balanced. I’ll tell you what, they make some pretty good weapons.” Atlas ran off with the gun, “I’m taking this thing apart!” “And for my loving brother I got a TIE fighter batterie, I figured you could make something out of it.” Poe picked up the battery that was only the size of his fist. It was elegant and small and had a clear window in it showing a pulse of purple light. “Exquisite.” Poe whispered. “And for my bestest friend,” Cain searched around in his bag, “I got you this.” There is Cain’s hands was a hilt of a lightsaber, but not just any lightsaber. Darth Mauls. It was long, had two openings, two buttons on each end. Lee gasped, the saber was so fragile looking, old. “Lee don’t act like the force isn’t strong with you,” he slid the saber into her hands, “you can use this, these aren’t just for Jedi’s. Finn used one, he still does he has his own now. Rules have changed.” “Yeah but this one is ferrel, it is the one that killed Qui-Gon. This one struck fear in people not hope.” She held the saber which really was more of a staff outstretched in her hands. “This one killed with the only intention of killing. And it glows dark red.” “Not anymore.” Cain put a cloth bag into Lee’s palm. “Crystals for your picking. And none of them will glow red.” “I can’t just build a lightsaber.” “Well it’s already been built you can just replace the crystals, maybe even make it your style.” “You have to meditate over it or something, Cain I’m not a Jedi. I may have the force in me but that doesn’t mean I can control it. Everyone has the force in them, it just depends how much there is and how you use it. I’m a pilot not a Skywalker.” “Yeah but you know how to speak the first language of the droids and you’re one hell of a pilot.” “Hey that’s me you’re talkin’ about!” Poe spoke up still looking at the battery in his hands. Lee took the bag and the saber and left the dining hall in a rush. Of course she was happy Cain was back but the gift was almost offensive. The saber was elegant and clean cut but the concept of it was brutal, and she was just a pilot. The second best pilot because Poe was of course first but a good pilot who had the force like everyone else but what was inside of her wasn’t anything special. How could she meditate and ‘become one’ with the force to wield her new weapon. And she didn’t want to be rude and not use it, he clearly thought about her and thought high enough of her to think she could possess such a thing. Lee decided it wouldn’t hurt anyone to try. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Lee gently placed the lightsaber on her desk in her room and opened up the bag of crystals and poured them into her workspace. About thirty spilled out of the bag varying in colors, shapes, and sizes. Lee went over to her book shelf and pulled out a small book about saber crystals. She picked up a blue one and flipped through the pages of the book, it was a Permafrost Crystal that came from her home planet of Hoth. Another was a Dragite Crystal that was purple and when it hit another saber it resonated loudly and gave a minor sonic infliction, a Lava Crystal that could only be found in volcanoes and looked like flowing lava when it was in blade form, one called a Nextor Crystal that was glowing a bright white that made a volatile yet powerful blade. Some crystals were the same if she wanted both sides of her saber to be the same and there were only one of some crystals. Some were just plain focusing crystals and some she couldn’t find a name for. There were just so many choices Lee didn’t know what she wanted to do. She brushed the crystals aside for a bit and focused on the hilt of the lightsaber. Upon inspecting it she found out that one or both ends could be lit up at a time and that in the middle it could be twisted apart creating two separate lightsabers. Grabbing her tool belt and flipping through another book she found where she could find the crystals. They were located in the middle parts of each saber in the crystal chamber. Unscrewing the metal plating on the exterior and carfulling unhinging the panel covering up both of the chambers she located the crystals. In each saber were two crystals, the main crystal was lower towards the hand grip and the focusing crystals were located upwards towards the cycling field energizers. Lee grabbed a pair of tweezers and the smallest screwdriver she could find and started to remove the two main crystals from the primary crystal mounts and then removed the focusing crystals. After thirty minutes both were out and on her workspace. Darth Maul had apparently favored Synthetic Lightsaber Crystals similar to the crystal Luke Skywalker used when he had his green lightsaber. She held the man made crystals in her hand and felt how they were smoother than the naturally made crystals that laid before her. Lee pocketed them and would decide what she wanted to do with them later. She decide to go with the Permafrost Crystal because it was from her home planet of Hoth and the Dragite Crystal because she liked how it would make a lot of noise. While cleaning up her desk, Lee continued to read about the crystals she chose. Apparently Dragit can be used as a power source and when Permafrost Crystals are meditated upon they become focusing crystals, meaning only the person who meditated on it can be the user. It created a bond with the lightsaber and made it all the more personal. Which lead Lee to think, how long did it take for Cain to find all of these crystals and where did her find them? Then it was time to prepare the lightsaber. Apparently you had to meditate over it, it took Luke Skywalker many days and the force was stronger in him so this made Lee even more freaked out. She didn’t even know where to begin or how to start. Did she think about nothing or everything at once. Could she move or did she have to sit down? How long would it be, could she eat and drink during this time? Lee then realized that she had to prepare four crystals not just two which made her have to sit down and take a moment to herself. She sat down on the floor and buried her head in her arms and cleared her head. She pictured snow falling and tall snowy mountains like the ones on Hoth. Then she pictured her parents. Her parents met each other on Hoth when the rebels set up a base there. After the attacks they stayed with the rebellion but with permission from Leia they were allowed to leave to raise a child. Leia understood that a battle field was no place to have children, and if her parents wanted a kid they would have to have one at that time or not at all. So Lee’s parents went back to Hoth with a few others and had her and taught her how to fly and shoot blasters and a little bit of saber fighting. They were good memories. While Lee was on the floor with her eyes closed reliving her memories Atlas was walking down the hall heading to her room to get some sleep. She saw that Lee’s door was open a bit so she popped her head in to say good night. But no words came out of her mouth when she saw what was happening in Lee’s room. Lee was on the ground with her head in her hands and floating around her were four saber crystals and Darth Maul’s lightsaber that was completely disassembled. Everything was just floating around her slowly moving in a circle and Lee had no idea. Atlas quietly backed out of the room and ran to Poe and Cain’s. “You’ve gotta come see this!” Atlas said almost out of breath. Poe, Cain, and Atlas all ran down the hall and slowly entered Lee’s room, while Lee was still unaware of what was going on. “I knew it!” Cain whispered under his breath. Poe grabbed Finn who he saw walking down the hallway and pulled him into the room while covering his mouth so he wouldn’t disturb Lee. Finn’s eyes grew wide in shock and he covered his own mouth to contain the amazement. Suddenly all the parts of the lightsaber started glowing. They circled around Lee faster and started to reassemble themselves. When the final two lightsabers reconnected to create the saberstaff it slowly dropped into Lee’s lap. It started her, She jolted a bit and looked down at what was in her lap. She gently put it into her hands and her eyes grew wide. “I did it!” She whispered to herself. She looked around and saw the other four people in her bedroom. Poe’s face was completely white while Finn was in shock, Atlas had her mouth open in a wide smile, and Cain was biting his fingernails and wore a gentle smirk. “How much did you see?” Lee asked in a barely audible tone. “The majority of the whole event.” Poe spoke in uneven tones. “We gotta show Leia.” Atlas grabbed Lee and they all ran out of the living quarters together. Rushing to the control room Finn and Cain screamed Leia’s name. She burst out of the control room running towards the five of them. Poe was now carrying Lee over his shoulder while Atlas was trying to make coherent sentences. “What’s going on? Mr. Dameron why are you carrying Lee, is she hurt?” She rushed towards Lee after Poe put her down. Lee was clutching the saberstaff and was hyperventilating. “My god what happened to her?” “I got her a gift like I always do when I go out on a mission,” Cain said while bending over to catch his breath, “and the gift was that lightsaber.” He pointed at the saber that was in a white knuckled grip in Lee’s hands; Atlas was now trying to calm her friend down. “It used to belong to Darth Maul, who was a Sith Lord. I believe that Lee has more of the force in her than she thinks, so I got her that saber. Rules are different now, and I thought she should wield a saber. And yes that was a Sith Lord’s saber, it doesn’t matter who’s saber it was it matters who’s it is now. And we just saw Lee make that thing take itself apart and put itself back together because she changed out the crystals.” “Is this true?” Leia asked Lee. Lee nodded. “I didn’t know I was doing it, I had started out by taking the old crystals out manually and reading about the ones Cain gave me to choose from. Then I sat down to take a moment to calm down because I thought I couldn’t meditate over the crystals because I’m just a pilot. Then I thought about my parents and my old life on Hoth and what is was like for me to join the rebellion at first. Finally everything just stopped in my head and the saber was in my lap not on the desk and apparently I made it float, and everything’s just really weird about this situation.” “Does it work?” Leia asked. “What?” Lee replied. “Does it work? If it works then I’ll be wowed.” Lee stopped holding the saberstaff in a vice grip and backed away from the group to give herself some space. She closed her eyes and pressed the button closest to her right and then the one to her left. She heard the familiar sound of a lightsaber being turned on and she opened her eyes. In her hands was what was now her own lightsaber. Yes it was Darth Maul’s hilt but the light coming out of it was hers. One end had a purple blade emitting a low hum on her left side while on her right side there was an icey blue blade making a higher pitched hum. Leia was in awe and Lee turned off the saberstaff. +++ “Do you think many things are different back at the base?” Etta asked while taking a seat on the Millennium Falcon. “What does it matter if something is different? Poe, Lee, and Atlas will still be pilots, Finn will be learning how to pilot from Poe, and Cain would still be doing who knows what and probably still doesn’t have his life together.” Annika said while strapping herself in. “Someone seems optimistic.” Etta said replying to Annika’s previous statement. “All I’m saying is that it’s only been three years, that’s not the greatest amount of time.” “Anything could happen in three years, Kylo Ren is probably rebuilding his empire and our friends have probably changed a bit. But change is good, keeps things fresh.” Rey said while sliding into her pilot seat. “I just hope things haven’t changed too much. Luke you notified the base that we are coming home right?” “Yes.” Luke yelled from across the ship. “Well alright then, everyone wave goodbye to the first Jedi Temple, we are going home.” The Millennium Falcon took off of the ground and soon enough they were in light speed. Chapter 3 : Chapter Three “They’re done with their training? Just yesterday you said Annika was having problems with her emotions.” Lee said at breakfast the next morning. Leia told them the news personally before telling everyone else. “When will they get here?” “Later today, I’ll announce it to everyone else after breakfast.” Leia began to leave but before she left the table she said to Lee, “After the announcement please come to the control room, we have something to give you.” Then she left the dining hall. Lee started to pick at her food. “So what do you think it’ll be like, having them back, you excited to see Annika Lee?” Cain asked. “I guess I am, hopefully she’ll just forget about what happened when before she left. We didn’t say goodbye to each other on the best of terms.” Lee put her fork down and stuck her hand in her satchel. She felt the coolness of the saberstaff brush her fingers. She was afraid of losing it and now that she knew Luke was coming back, he would probably want to come see it. “Stop picking at your food and eat, I don’t want you fainting on me.” Cain stuck Lee’s fork back into her hand. “What happened between you guys anyways?” “Well she asked me if she should go or not and I said she should go. Clearly Luke and Maz and Leia all felt something in her and this was a chance of the lifetime. Then she got upset when I said she should go, she thought I was pushing her away and that was a way of me telling her I no longer wanted to be friends. And when I told her I only wanted the best for her she didn’t believe me. Then she left.” “So you don’t know how this interaction will go?” “Nope. I’m still confused about what happened three years ago. She wanted to be a Jedi all her life and now she is one but she was mad about me wanting her to go and be one.” Lee got up from the table and put the rest of her food on Cain’s plate and put it in the dishes bin. Cain grumbled because she didn’t listen to him so he grabbed a couple of rolls that he would give to her throughout the day even though she would insist upon not being hungry. When Lee was nervous she wouldn’t eat, and because the new Jedi’s would be coming later that day, possibly that night, Lee would make eating the least of her concerns. Leia called everyone into the control room to announce the news. People cheered, especially Finn and Poe because they could see Rey again. After the commotion Lee stayed behind with Leia and Maz Kanata. “I don’t know why I didn’t see it in your eyes before,” Maz said while adjusting her eyewear, “the force is strong with you. It courses through your veins, fills your lungs, is felt in all your actions.” She moved towards Lee’s face which was slowly trying to find personal space. “Your eyes are old, I’ve seen them before. So golden is the color in them, unforgettable. But while they are wise they are sad, almost red in some places-” “We have some things to give you Miss Zheutlin.” Leia said cutting Maz off. She had a sleek, black, box in front of her on her desk that she slid across the surface to Lee. Upon opening it, Lee found a new uniform inside of it. The uniform had many parts, a white, sleeveless, long vest that would come down mid thigh and was black on the inside, a black t-shirt, black leggings, two black belts, one thick that would go around her waist with a clip on the side and the other belt was thinner with a blaster holster on the side. The shoes were standard pilot boots in her size, but she already had about three pairs of those. “The clip is for your lightsaber and we can supply you with more if they fit properly. We figured you could just use your pilot jacket if you got cold.” “Is it necessary that I get a new uniform? I’m not a Jedi Leia and it isn’t really a big deal that I have a lightsaber, or at least it shouldn’t be. Finn has a saber and he isn’t a Jedi or anything.” “Yes he does but his situation is different. The saber was given to him, he didn’t meditate over it and make it his own. Finn is well trained with it but he doesn’t have a bond with it, like the one you created. Not only did you meditate over this lightsaber without knowing how, you did it in such a short amount of time and you changed it from dark to light.” Leia put her hands on Lee’s shoulders, “We don’t expect you to train to be a Jedi like your friends, you’re still a pilot and a very good one too. The new uniform isn’t anything special we just thought a saber belt wouldn’t quite fit with your pilot uniform.” Leia left the room. Lee held on to her new clothes for a bit and then put them back into the box. She knew they were going to fit fine and they were probably putting more in her room at the same moment. So she went back to the living quarters to try them on. +++ It was dinner and Annika, Rey, Luke, and Etta still weren’t at the base yet. Lee was wearing her new uniform, blaster and saber equipped with it. Poe said he liked the new threads, thought the suited her and Atlas said she looked killer, “Hey I will never be as ‘killer’ as you, Atlas you have all your hair buzzed off which is something I could never pull off.” Cain said she looked elegant, like nothing ever seen before. Then he announced the news that he had to leave and go back to the First Order in a day’s time. “You have to leave already? You’ve barely been here!” Poe said while angrily cutting up his food. Cain leaving always made him upset, he thought his little brother had the most dangerous job in the whole resistance which really wasn’t a questionable statement. “If I stay too long they could get suspicious. I’m supposed to just be out on a supply run. They’re loading up my TIE fighter right now with the stuff I need. Hey at least I got to come back to see some pretty eventful stuff happening. Lee being able to recreate a lightsaber, Etta, Rey, and Annika coming home with Luke. I think this was a good stay.” “A very short one.” Atlas rolled her eyes, or at least what Cain could count as rolling her eyes. It was hard to tell with Atlas. Not only did she have a buzzed head her whole eyeballs were completely dark blue. She came from a tribe on the planet Affa in an unknown system. The whole event of finding Atlas was strange. The rebels just found her floating in space because apparently the people of her tribe can survive in space without any protection; but all Atlas knew was that she was from a tribe on the planet Affa who no one even heard of and she didn’t even know where to find it. The rebels eventually found it about five years ago in a very far off part of the universe that didn’t even have a system name because Affa was the only planet in it. The problem was that Affa didn’t have an atmosphere and the locals didn’t seem friendly and Atlas didn’t want to go back there anyways. So the only knowledge they have of the people from that planet comes from Atlas whose species is found to be highly adaptable. Suddenly S-1A8 rolled into the dining hall making echoey grunts and beeps. “What is it S-1A8? What are you screaming about?” Lee asked after wiping her mouth. Her droid continued to make strange noises that left everyone confused and Lee’s face lit up, “They’re here! They’re all back!” And with that she got up and ran to the ship hangar. It was immensely crowded and there were screams and shouts of happiness. “Finn, Poe!” A familiar voice screamed from across the room. It was Rey and she was busting through the crowd to see her friends. She jumped into them and gave them a tight hug that lasted a couple of minuets. “It’s been so long! I’ve learned so much and seen everything and what’s happened to the two of you while I was gone?” Lee observed the friends reuniting. Rey looked the same as usual with her three-bunned hair and she was even wearing the same outfit Finn found her in three years ago on Jakku. She still had her long walking stick on her shoulder but also had a saber belt. Lee looked around for her friends. “Lee Zheutlin is that you with a lightsaber on your hip? And what is that new uniform?” “Etta!” Lee shouted back. Plowing through the crowd was the short, dark haired, grey skinned Kessel native, Etta Engelward. She lept into Lee’s arms and Lee was so excited to see her again. Etta, Atlas, Annika, and Lee were all pilots together and had their own special ops fleet. “You’re still going to fly with us right? Bring back the old gang together?” “Lee you know that the Cian Squad is going to reunite and start fighting together again. Just because I’m a Jedi doesn’t mean I’m not going to fly. Take Luke as an example!” “And why are you commenting on my new uniform when you’re wearing something new yourself!” “Oh this old thing?” Etta twirled around, “I thought I’d try something new to go with my new saber!” Etta was wearing was a light brown dress cinched at the waist with a brown belt similar to Lee’s with her lightsaber hanging off of it on the left side of her waist. Her pants were white and was wearing brown boots and a brown cloak over it all. “I find it so be very Jedi.” “Well traditional suits you, and as for your question about my lightsaber or should I say saberstaff, it’s kind of a long story. But if I’m going to tell you I have to tell Annika at the same time, where is she. Has she forgotten that I exist?” “After we landed she just ran off of the ship, you know her she probably just wanted to get back in touch with the base and have some alone time.” Lee shrugged and started off with the story of how she was somehow able to get in touch with the force. +++ Kylo Ren stormed around his control consol, “Tell me one more time how many things have been taken.” He said in an articulate yet terrifying tone. “One of Phasma’s blasters which she honestly could’ve just misplaced she has so many, some focusing crystals, one TIE fighter battery, and…” General Hux stopped himself from saying anymore. He didn’t mention the last item that was stolen the first time he mentioned everything to Kylo. “And what.” Kylo said in his deep, murky voice. He had his mask on making him all the more grim. “Darth Maul’s lightsaber Sir. I didn’t want to-” Hux was cut off by Kylo Ren screaming and turning on his lightsaber and pointing it at General Hux. “If Snoke hadn’t made you a general and I hadn’t given him my word not to kill you, you would be very dead at this very moment. “You know very well I needed that particular lightsaber to be protected because I was saving it for someone. Do we know who the culprit is yet?” “No Sir but when we find out I will notify you immediately” General Hux rushed out of the room leaving Kylo wallow in his rage. +++ Lee knocked on Annika’s door. Her room was kept clean by Lee while she was gone and the door was always left open. Now it was closed and she saw that the lamp light was on and saw shadows coming from Annika’s feet from underneath the door. “It’s midnight, what do you want?” Lee heard Annika say in a tired and annoyed voice. Lee opened up the door to find Annika at her desk now with her face buried in a book. “Wow what a really nice way to greet a friend you haven’t seen in what, three years?” She said standing in Annika’s doorway. Annika looked up from her book and locked eyes with Lee, she looked confused. “Oh, Lee. It’s great to see you.” She said in a voice that sounded like a question. She gave Lee a hug that felt like Annika was forcing herself to give Lee one. It was brief and short and almost felt meaningless. Annika looked at Lee’s outfit and stared at the saberstaff on her belt. Lee noticed Annika staring at it so she felt the need to explain. “The saber yeah it’s new. Cain got it for me and the new uniform was given to me by Leia and it’s a long story but-” “Yes I heard the story from Etta.” Annika said blankly. “Oh.” Lee replied back while putting the saberstaff back on the clip. “So we were thinking of getting the old Cian squad back together again. It’s not like you aren’t aloud to fly anymore and it would be cool to do missions together again, even cooler now you’re a Jedi!” “I don’t think so,” Annika said while sitting back down, “I have kind of forgotten how and I think I should focus on being a Jedi and helping the rebellion in a better, more efficient way than just being a fighter pilot.” Lee looked confused. A better more efficient way? Just a fighter pilot? Lee remembered Annika loved the rush of flying. The Cian Squad was one of the top ranked squad out of the whole rebellion. “Now if you would excuse me I’m very tired and would like to rest. We can catch up more in the morning.” Lee backed out of Annika’s room. Everything about their whole conversation felt cold and different, Etta and Rey were the same as they left now they were just more in touch with the force. Annika seemed like a completely different person. Then over the intercom Lee was called down into the ship hangar, she figured it was probably so she could talk to Luke Skywalker himself. Rushing down there sure enough he was there with Leia. He was talking to his sister while looking at Lee’s X-wing. “Oh good you’re here! I was afraid you had gone to bed like some of the others.” Leia said turning around to face Lee. “No I stayed up to look for Annika, I don’t think I could fall asleep with all the excitement going on anyways.” Lee paused for a moment, “Luke, Sir, I don’t want to offend you but I have no interest in being a Jedi. I don’t think I could. I just want to be a pilot.” “I’m not here to ask you to train to be a Jedi. I’m here to tell you to keep an eye on your friend and examine this new lightsaber you recreated. May I see it?” He held out his hands. “Oh yes of course.” She unclipped it from her belt and handed it to him. He turned on the side with the Dragite Crystal and maneuvered it a little, then he tried to use the side with the Permafrost Crystal. The lightsaber sputtered and that side wouldn’t turn on. “Oh, Sir that side won’t turn on it’s a-” “Permafrost Crystal, so I heard. I wanted to see if you were able to meditate over it correctly. How long did it take for you to make this saberstaff?” “I don’t know, maybe and hour? I don’t know how long I meditated over it.” Luke turned it off gave it back to Lee. “It took Rey that amount of time. Etta was about three days and Annika,” he was pacing back and forth, “Annika took almost a week. Now that I’m thinking about it that’s quite a long time for someone with the force so strong. I’m confused as to why I didn’t feel the force in you before Miss Zheutlin, I would like to let you know that it’s very prominent with you.” “I believe that because she never tried to get to know this side of her before, or she ever believed this side existed.” Leia spoke up, “I think because she thinks she’s just a pilot that she never awoke this sixth sense inside of her.” “But I don’t want to be anything else. I like the way I am already am.” “We are not asking you to be something else Lee.” Luke said sounding concerned and coming towards her. “Then what happened to Annika? She’s completely different. Rey and Etta are the same and I understand that everyone handles the force in different ways but she doesn’t want to fly anymore, won’t talk to me, and seems cold. She’s someone I’ve never met and you made it seem like because their training was over that she had things figured out.” “She will have things figured out I’m doing what you said I should do which is give her space, I can’t help her anymore, she must learn on her own. And perhaps this is her way of finishing her training on her own, give her time to figure things out.” Lee frowned and thought about Luke’s advice. “I guess that could work, but she’s acting cold and dismal and it feels like she’s putting us out for another reason. I feel as if the force could have different intentions with her than those planned.” Lee walked off to go to bed, for she was tired of everyone’s Bantha fodder. Chapter 4 : Chapter Four Cain had said goodbye to everyone the night before because he had to leave so early in the morning, well he said goodbye to everyone that night except for Lee. It was way before she had to get up and she was still wearing her pajamas while she helped Cain do the final checks before taking off. Lee was half awake at the time but she always did this, from the first time he set off as a spy till this very moment where he was leaving again. Lee didn’t like to say goodbyes the night before, she only liked them right before he set off back to the First Order. It was just the two of them on the outdoor ship hangar and the sun hadn’t risen yet and all the stars were still completely visible in the sky. Lee was still only wearing shorts and a T-shirt even though the air was quite cool outside. “All right Lee I think that’s everything.” Cain said opening up the door to the cockpit, after that he motioned for a hug. Lee fell into his arms with a concerned frown on her face while her eyes were on the borderline of crying. She was always like this before he left and he felt bad about it every time, Lee was always about to cry while she hugged him goodbye and Poe told him after he left she would always come back to her room crying. But Cain felt the same way with his eyes always full of tears before he left and when he flew away he would finally let the fall down his face. It was almost as if they forbid themselves from crying in front of the other. Cain and Lee stroked each other’s hair and both gave each other a kiss on the cheek. Cain gave her one last squeeze and boarded his TIE fighter. Lee took a step back and watched as he flew out into space and finally allowed herself to cry while Cain did the same while soaring the stars. And as Lee walked back to her room quietly sobbing Poe Dameron heard her and comforted her while walking her back to her room. In her doorway they hugged and he wished her goodnight and they both went back to bed. The mornings after Cain left were never easy for Poe and Lee. Both knew him the best and both felt it the worst when he was gone. It was a mixture of worry and sadness they would feel because about a million things could go wrong with his job. He could be found out by someone at the First Order base and be killed by Kylo or Hux immediately. In the First Order Cain had worked himself up to being General Hux’s personal assistant which meant he was around him almost all of the time her was there and around Kylo Ren almost the entire time he would be there. The pressure put on Cain was immense and all the aftermath of what could go wrong was even greater. And those were the reasons why Lee and Poe wanted Cain to just be an engineer or mechanic, but Cain would never settle down and do something like that and the work he was doing helped the resistance so much it was unbelievable. Etta and Atlas joined Poe and Lee that morning at breakfast but didn’t say anything while their other two friends ate in silence. When Etta came home to find out that Cain was a spy she was shocked, and Atlas told her about how she should leave Lee and Poe alone for a few days after he would leave. “They don’t take it very well at all. To be honest, the two of them are basically in a constant state of depression when he isn’t here. It’s not in plain sight that they’re upset and worried about him all the time, but it’s there.” Atlas ad told Etta the night before after saying goodbye to Cain. Even S-1A8 was upset about Poe’s brother being gone. Their moans and grinds weren’t as loud and angry as they were usually. “In fact it’s quite sad,” At;as went on saying, “they act as if a part of them has left.” And as Etta watched Lee and Poe it was infact sad. Without saying a word they said how upset they felt about their friend/family being gone. Annika hadn’t joined them that morning for breakfast, she hadn’t joined them for any meal for the time she had been there. She would just come to the dining hall, get food as quickly as she could, and go back to her room without saying a hello to anyone. Annika had spent most, if not all of her time in her room since she had come home. Etta, Rey, and Luke has all admitted to being worried about her; apparently she would just sit and meditate over her lightsaber the whole amount of time she would spent in there. “But what would be the reason as to why she would meditate over her lightsaber? She’s already done it once and has a close relation to it.” Rey said as she joined the others at breakfast. Lee shrugged and continued to chew on her food. “Perhaps she feels as if the bond isn’t strong enough. But I don’t know why she would think that, she took almost a week to meditate over the thing.” Etta said back to Rey. “I thought she took so long because she was struggling to get in touch with the force.” “Well I thought it was because she wanted to be the most in tune with the force.” “Either way she’s still spending an unnecessary amount of time in her room and has barely talked to any of us.” Lee said coming out of her depression induced state of mind, “Luke said she was figuring things out but Annika’s never been one to shy away from getting help. Was she like this when she was away with you two?” “No, she really wasn’t. Or at least at first she wasn’t now that I think about it.” Rey put her fork down and put on her thinking face, “At first she was like how she had always been, but I think around year two she started to act a bit more closed off. I guess I didn’t really notice anything about it because our training really started to get a bit more intense around that time. We all started to take things a bit more serious but we were all still light-hearted about things.” “And now that I really start to think about it, around year two Annika stopped wanting to fly. We all continued to pilot but she shot every offer down. I cannot believe I didn’t notice anything strange about that. She was really struggling at the time, Luke kept telling her that the force was strong in her yet she still kept struggling with her training.” Etta added onto Rey’s statement. Everyone at the breakfast table left in a state of confusion as they went to go carry out their tasks for the day. +++ Cain was a spy for the Resistance and when he was with the first order he was not only General Hux’s assistant but a spy for the First Order, or at least they thought he was a spy for them. Cain Dameron’s heart truly did lye with the Resistance and only Leia, Poe, Lee, and Atlas knew about him being a “spy” for the First Order. The problem about being a so called spy for two teams was what information he had to feed both sides. So Cain would of course feed everything that he would find out to Leia about the First Order, but telling the First order about what was going on in the Resistance was more of a trickier feat. So Leia would give him limited information that seemed like a lot to the First Order, all of it was true that he would tell the opposing side of the Resistance but it was all very limited. The problem that he faced this time around when he went back to the First Order base was that he would have to tell General Hux and Kylo Ren about how his best friend had Darth Maul’s lightsaber. “How did this pilot acquire the saberstaff?” Kylo asked Cain while pacing around the conference room. “The security feed was shut off when it was stolen and there are absolutely no traces left behind belonging to the thief.” “She didn’t list a name of who got it for her but she said she didn’t do it herself. Miss Zheutlin said it was given to her as a gift.” “Was she able to use it? Meditate over it?” “She was and even managed to switch out the four crystals completely, and in only one night.” Kylo has his mask off and he look appalled yet angry. “How can a pilot be so powerful in the ways of the force? How did I not notice this before?” “Sir are you considering changing your mind?” General Hux asked. “No, or at least not completely. This Lee Zheutlin isn’t on the top of my priority list but she’s getting there. I still want to focus my attention on the other one.” “I’m sorry sir but,” Cain said speaking up, “who is this ‘other person’?” “Annika Quintano.” Cain stifled his shock and all the puzzle pieces started to come together in his head. “She has so much of the force in her it is unreal, and they’re trying to manipulate it in the wrong way. She’s weak in the light but if she was here, she would be one of the strongest Sith Lords this universe has ever seen.” “Do you think she will come to the dark?” Asked Cain. “I do. We’ve met once before, her and I. Back when she was still at the first Jedi Temple. It was brief, she was scared at first, then we force bonded and I’ve been with her and she’s been with me ever since. The connection between us is faint and small enough to where her friends and the one and only Luke Skywalker cannot sense it. She will turn to me very soon, my persuasion over the past two years has paid off.” “So you’ve persuaded her slowly but do you have a big plan?” Cain asked. “I want to meet with her, and now I want to meet with Lee Zheutlin too. That’s where you will come in Cain.” “Where I come in?” “Yes,” Hux spoke up, “First you will give us everything there is to give on Miss Zheutlin, then you will sneak Kylo Ren onto the base.” Cain gulped and was internally screaming. He started to feel a weight on his shoulders. +++ “I think she’s going to turn dark.” “Lee that’s insane.” “I don’t think it is and I know that you believe me too.” “I do believe you. I didn’t want to admit it.” Poe and Lee were sitting on her bed in her room and eating a midnight snack. Poe had his head resting in Lee’s lap while she strokes his hair, Poe was having a rough night. “Do you think she might be jealous. She wanted to be a Jedi her whole life, it’s what she had always wanted to be even when we lived on Hoth together back when we were kids. And now she is one but her best friend has a lightsaber and was able to meditate over it in one night. And everyone is making a big deal over me and I don’t even want to be a Jedi and she worked for this.” Poe nodded in agreement. “And yeah that isn’t a proper reason to believe that she will go to the dark side but with everything else that’s going on inside of her head this might be the last straw. I feel something, almost as if there is an atmosphere around her. It feels hot and heavy, moist. Like how gas coming out of an exhaust pipe feels on your face. But it feels cold at the same time, similar to how cold wind that blows in your face to the point where you can’t breath.” “Sounds terrifying.” “It is considering that I’ve known her, her whole life. I was there when she was born, her first friend. She looked up to me because I was older and yet I looked up at her even more because she would always never be afraid to ask for help and was such a dreamer. And now she’s become someone who’s almost a complete stranger.” Lee lifted Poe’s head off of her lap. “I want to go to bed now. I know tomorrow is a day off for us but it’s very late. You sleeping in her with me?” “I don’t want to disturb anyone because no one is up right now.” “That’s fine then.” It wasn’t uncommon for the two of them to share a bed. Lee was as good of a friend to Poe as she was his brother, she met Poe first anyways. And Leia had found the two of them spooning each other in the same bed many times before. +++ “Lee Zheutlin is twenty-six and was born on the planet of Hoth after her parents had temporary leave from the Resistance so they could raise a child. She grew up on the old military turned village with Annika Quintano who was born three years after her. Lee learned how to pilot, shoot blasters, and had some training in using a lightsaber too while she was young.” Cain pulled up a picture of his friend to display in front of Kylo and Hux. “What is with the stuff in her eye areas?” Kylo asked gesturing on his own face. “Lee’s parents were slaves to the Lost Tribe of Sith. And as punishment for being slaves her parents had what looks like warpaint tattooed on their eyelids, brow bone, and under eye area. Lee’s parents tattooed the ‘warpaint’ onto Lee when she was a young age as a reminder of who she is and what her background comes from. Lee has her tattoos touched up every now and then.” Cain zoomed in on one of Lee’s eyes in the picture, “The colors on her eyes are dark brown, black, and gray on the top of her eyelids, and are dark blue on her under eye circles. Because she was tattooed at suha young age Lee Zheutlin has built up an extremely high pain tolerance and because she grew up on the planet of Hoth she also is tolerant of extreme climates either hot or cold.” “Interesting.” Hux said intrigued while leaning forward. “Lee is five foot ten inches in height and has a weight of one hundred thirty pounds.” “Isn’t that underweight?” Kylo asked. “It is. She doesn’t eat much but works out quite a bit. Lee is also the second best pilot in the resistance with Poe Dameron being the first.” “So she’s just a pilot yet she is this strong with the force?” “Yes Sir.” “Get Cain’s ship ready General Hux, I want to meet with Miss Quintano and Miss Zheutlin.” “Yes Sir.” Hix left the room and started barking orders. “Good work Cain. Get your Resistance gear on.” Kylo put his helmet back on and patted Cain on the back. . Chapter 5 : Chapter Five Leia knew it was Poe and Lee’s day off but it was eight in the morning and the two of them weren’t up yet. Not many people were up yet to begin with but the two of them were usually the first ones awake and the last ones to bed. Leia quietly walked towards Lee’s room and cracked the door. Poe was snuggled up into Lee who was the big spoon in their cuddling form. Leia smiled and let the two of them sleep, they deserved it and he two of them were getting four extra hours of sleep from what they would usually get. Etta passed by Leia who was still looking at her two pilots. Etta tapped her boss on the shoulder and Leia put her finger over her lips and pointed at Lee and Poe. Etta made a small “awe” noise and the two of them walked off laughing softly. Leia said she was considering on giving them another day off because they were both so sleep deprived. Lee woke up shortly after and shook Poe awake. The two of them got dressed because they took showers the night before and headed off to breakfast with the others while feeling very refreshed. On the way they bumped into Annika. “You going to join us today?” Lee asked while trying to sound upbeat. “No thank you.” Annika said back and brushed past Poe and Lee, hitting Lee’s shoulder in the process. “That was rude.” Poe said after waiting for Annika to turn the corner. +++ Cain landed his TIE fighter on the far end of the outdoor hangar. The two of them snuck out of his ship and crept passed the main entrance to the base. They headed towards the back entrance on the far end where a small forest was located. Cain opened up the door for the two of them and they walked into the very back part of the indoor hangar. “Everyone should be at breakfast right now. I’ll lead us to the living quarters, Annika should be there. We’re doing Annika, then Lee right?” “Correct. I intend on taking them both back with us. Only Miss Zheutlin will be unconscious when we take her back and I really don’t want to have to carry her around the whole time.” Cain didn’t know about that part of the plan. He thought this was just a meeting, he didn’t know they were kidnapping people. He would’ve contacted Leia or Lee if he had the chance when he first found out about the whole Annika situation but that ran the risk of getting his transmits monitored and then he could’ve been breached. Now he was just hoping he would run into Lee before everything went to hell. As cain lead Kylo through the hallways his wish was granted. Right before turning a corner he saw his friend, so he told Kylo to wait as he distracted Lee and gave him the directions to Annika’s room. Cain stepped out from the corner and tapped Lee on the shoulder right before she went into her room. Her face lit up and behind his back he motioned for Kylo to keep behind the corner. Kylp was watching the two of them. Kylo was too close so he couldn’t tell Lee what was going on yet, he needed something that would throw Lee off so Kylo would leave and he could tell her everything. So out of nowhere as they were about to hug Cain planted a kiss onto Lee’s lips. It was long and Lee wasn’t kissing back that much but she wasn’t resisting, but her eyes were closed so Cain motioned for Kylo to go. “What the absolute hell Dameron?” Lee said to him after the kiss had broken. He dragged her into her room and proceeded to tell her everything that was about to happen. Lee clipped her lightsaber to her belt and said, “We need to keep this on the downlow.” And they rushed to Annika’s room. +++ Annika was just sitting and looking at her lightsaber. And when Kylo Ren entered the room she almost screamed. “It’s you again.” She said under her breath.” Kylo stepped towards her and put his hands on her shoulders. She shuddered and tried to back away, but he was just too strong. “Come with me.” He spoke. He didn’t have his mask on so he wasn’t as intimidating as usual but the fear was still there. “I can’t. I just became a Jedi.” Annika squeaked out. “And for what? To be the weakest one there is? Everyone keeps telling you that you are overflowing with the force, but for what? Out of everyone that you trained with you haven’t been able to properly handle anything! And now your own friend, your best friend, has a lightsaber and was able to meditate over in only one night!” “This isn’t making me feel any better.” “Well it should when I tell you that you are powerful. One of the most powerful there has been in a very long time. And your so called friends are trying to weaken you!” Kylo’s voice began to rise. Cain and Lee burst into the room. “Ah, Mister Cain we’ve got them all in one place now! Here,” Kylo tossed him the keys to the TIE fighter. Go warm up the ship.” Cain ran off towards the back area of the hangar which left Lee shocked. She knew he couldn’t blow his cover but he seemed like such an awful person to her just by taking one order from Kylo. “Back away from her!” Lee almost shouted. “Look at her Annika! She’s doing it to you right now! They want you to be weak! Powerless! None of them want you to harness your proper abilities. Come with me, I’ll help you. Be a better person to you than all the people here combined. We’ve force bonded for over two years Annika, we have something that none of these people have with you! You need a teacher, and I am here to grant that position.” A tear rolled down Annika’s face. She blinked and her eyes started to glow the infamous yellow and red. “Good!” Kylo said in a menacingly happy tone. “This is good! Now grab a blaster and your saber, we’re going out of here with a bang. Horror came over Lee’s face. And then suddenly everything went black for her. Kylo put her in a force induced sleep and picked her up gently, bridal style. Annika turned on her gun and they both rushed to the mess hall. Annika to shoot and a frenzy of screams broke out as people began to shoot back. Kylo had put his mask on and started to carry Lee with one arm and swatted people down with his saber. Poe screamed and started to shoot at Kylo when he saw his friend in his arms while Rey was running full force at Kylo. Luke was nowhere to be seen and Leia watched in horror as two of her loved ones started a blood bath. Leia then received a message on her tablet that she was holding. It read: I know I should’ve told you from the start but I didn’t want to run the risk of being compromised. It was a reckless mistake and I only found out yesterday. Kylo force bonded with Annika two years ago when she was still in training, he’s been manipulating her and slowly turning her to the dark side ever since. He found interest in Lee after he found out about the whole lightsaber thing and he wanted to speak with her. I thought this was just a meeting, I didn’t know my friends were being taken, I didn’t know people were going to die. Kylo made m take him here, Kylo would’ve killed me but I should’ve let him kill me. I’m sorry and I’m the one to be blamed for all of this. -Cain Leia knew she wouldn’t ever be mad at Cain for this. He son would’ve most definitely killed him which would’ve killed her two best pilots who she considered children of her own. Leia heard the sound of a TIE fighter take off above ground and she began to cry. A reawakening of a familiar war had just begun. +++ Lee woke up to the feeling of cold metal against her back and on her wrists. She was in “the chair” Poe and Rey had described to her. The room she was in was lit up but shadowy in the corners she could see and it was a mixture of the colors dark gray and black. She wished it was all a dream but she very well knew it wasn’t. Everything started to come back to her. Then Kylo Ren entered the room. He wasn’t wearing his mask and didn’t look as angry as usual. “The lightsaber you possess was meant for someone else.” “Well I’m sorry for your loss.” “And now the person it was intended for can no longer used it because you invested it with a Permafrost Crystal.” “I did. And again, I’m sorry for you loss.” “You’re starting to upset me.” “Thank you.” “That was not a compliment.” “Well I made it one.” Kylo stepped forward coming in close proximity to Lee’s face. Show would back away but there was no place to go. “Tell me, how did you meditate over your saber in one night?” “I don’t know. I started thinking about loved ones and apparently it disassembled then reassembled itself with it’s new crystals.” “But how did you do it in one night?” “Apparently the force is strong in me. I too find it shocking.” “I believe it’s funny how you and everyone else were worried about how your friend was going to turn to the dark side, when all along everyone should’ve worried about you. From your lightsaber to your eyes that are very similar to a Sith Lord’s, to your tattooed on warpaint, you embody fear.” “The tattoos were not a choice.” “I’m guessing by now you know that your friend Cain was a spy for the First Order.” Lee put on her biggest pretend shocked face. “That laserbrain.” She said quietly. Kylo laughed at her false misery that he thought was real. “I feel something in you that you feel for him, is this love I’m sensing Zheutlin.” “Platonic love. Everyone knows that me and Dameron are a thing.” The older Dameron had always been her fake boyfriend cover if anyone asked about her and Cain. Poe would say the exact same thing about Lee being his girlfriend if anyone asked if he was in a relationship. It was one of their inside jokes. “But still you trusted him, correct?” “I did. Cain has one of those faces that you can just put all of your faith into.” “I don’t appreciate your snarky tone.” Kylo said in an articulate voice. “I don’t appreciate anything you believe in. I’m not coming with you to the dark side. You’ve taken enough from me already Ben.” And with hearing that name Kylo stormed out of the leaving Lee in the most uncomfortable chair she could ever imagine. +++ “You have to understand that he could have died if he said no Mr. Dameron.” “He let him take her!” Poe shouted slamming his fists on the table. The amount of disappointment Poe felt for his brother was growing at rapid speed. “Poe, you must understand that he had no choice. If they found out he was our spy at heart, things would be in even more chaos.” Poe calmed down and took a sharp breath. The last thing he wanted was his brother to die, the anger he was feeling was directed towards Kylo Ren but he was channeling it through his brother. Leia put her hand on Poe’s shoulder as he began to cry. Crying seemed like a popular theme for the day. “Who have you sent out to retrieve her?” “We are sending the Cyan squad to get her but because that only has two member at the moment would you like to join them?” Poe ran out of the room to get his pilot gear on. Leia took that as a yes. +++ Annika was questioning her life choices when they landed on the new Starkiller base in the Anoat Sector. Everything was flying through her head at light speed, all the faces of the people she had killed, everything Lee said to her, everything Kylo Ren said to her. Everything he said to her in his liquid metal voice sounded so true, so inviting. She didn’t want to be powerless anymore and the moment she agreed to Kylo she felt something come alive in her, something new. Kylo stepped out of the interrogation room and went to Annika. She had to get a new lightsaber. He led her down a hall that went underground and was cooler than the wasteland that was above ground on the planet of Burnin Konn. They entered a room full of relics. Mostly lightsabers but there were some other things such as famous Resistance and Galactic Empire pilot helmets, the first blueprints for the first Death Star, and in the very end of the hallways was Darth Vader’s helmet placed on a high pedestal with a soft light was glowing above it. “I was saving Darth Maul’s saber for you but, your friend took it.” Kylo said breaking the silence. “Couldn’t you just steal it back?” “It’s unusable now. She ruined it with a Permafrost Crystal similar to the one that’s in your lightsaber. And why would you only want one half of a lightsaber that’s meant to have two parts, and you would have to meditate over it again and it’s been meditated over multiple times already it might break. So I guess that one is out of the question and this one,” Kylo took Annika’s old lightsaber out of her belt, “is out of the question too. It will remain down here.” He placed it in the old mount that held Darth Maul’s saberstaff. Annika felt a pain of remorse inside of her but she quickly repressed it. Instead she looked at all of the lightsabers they had on display. “Some belonged to Jedi’s, some to Sith Lords. Pick whichever one you feel.” Annika decided to be ironic. She chose Qui-Gon Jinn’s lightsaber. She would have to switch out the crystals with synthetic red ones but if Lee could do it she could do it. Kylo laughed when he saw which saber she chose and Annika went to her new living quarter after getting new crystals. She still had her sense of humor even though she was now part of the dark side. Chapter 6 : Chapter Six Etta, Rey, Atlas, and Poe all flew out of D’Qar early the next morning. Rey was in the Millennium Falcon, Atlas and Poe were in their T-70 X-wing fighters, and Etta was in her BTL-S3 Y-wing starfighter. BB-8 was with Poe and S-1A8 was piloting Lee’s T-70 X-wing. shortly after take off and typing in their coordinates, the small team went into hyperdrive. “I just realised we never came up with an actual plan for when we land on Burnin Konn. I understand the overarching theme is to rescue our buddy Lee but, I don’t know where we are even parking.” Atlas said over intercom to the other team members. “We’ll land in a hidden spot from the base, not too close but not too far. It has to be a good spot so we won’t be found but we will most likely be found when we are on the base so we don’t want to have to run too far.” Rey said over intercom, “Let’s just make it a quick in and out rescue mission. We are only coming for Lee.” “But what about Annika?” Etta said sounding panicked. “Her intentions seem to lie elsewhere. What about Cain?” Poe asked. “He’s a spy and we can’t allow him to become compromised. He’s the only direct link we have to the First Order. We’re coming up on Burnin Konn, everyone get ready.” Atlas took her ship out of lightspeed and as the view in her windshield cleared up she saw the desolate wasteland that made up the planet of Burnin Konn. Well more of a small portion was wasteland the other was the almost finished Starkiller Base. “They’ve certainly made progress since we last checked in.”The group got down closer to the ground while trying to stay out of sight. They decided to land in a small clearing close enough to one of the back entrances to the base. “Does anyone have any idea where the detainment center would be?” Poe asked while strapping on his blaster. “I guess the only hope we would have is finding your brother. The place is huge and who knows how much of a maze it is inside?” Atlas loaded her gun and put it on her hip after taking off her pilot jumpsuit, “But I highly doubt that we’ll get in there a couple of feet without being recognized, one they know our faces, two the two droids we have with us. I suggest that the droids stay behind and keep our ships warm while we go steal some stormtrooper uniforms.” The crew headed out towards the back entrance which was guarded by three troopers. They knocked them out quickly and Atlas, Etta, and Rey all got dressed. “Poe you go find a bucket head for yourself it won’t be hard because the place is crawling with them, radio us if you find your brother. I think we should split up and whoever finds the detainment center first radio the others,” Etta said after putting on her helmet. “I can’t see a thing in this thing.” Everyone parted ways and Poe soon found a stormtrooper to steal clothes from. +++ Torture is what they started to practice on Lee a few moments after Kylo Ren had left her cell. Lee was trapped in her upright position while a man by the name of General Hux continuously put her through undesirable amounts of pain. And Lee thought whatever they kept injecting into her arm must be strong because her pain tolerance is incredibly high. Hux would just load up vials of clear liquid and would inject it into her arm and let it flow through her veins. It felt white hot, like everything and nothing all at once and it was horrible. However she never screamed or moaned or showed any sort of reaction to it. Yes she felt it, she felt all of it; but Lee chose to show her strength and kept a straight face and never let any of her muscles tense up while enduring the torture. This confused Hux to the point where they hooked her up to monitors and followed her brain and body activity. It was confirmed that she was clearly feeling extreme amounts of pain but she chose not to show it. Kylo himself even came in to see how she was reacting, and he thought it was amazing. So while Lee was becoming the new attraction to the new Starkiller base Kylo was talking with Snoke about the two young women he had brought back with him. “Just because she’s not showing and reaction to extreme amounts of pain doesn’t mean she’s not anything special.” His holograph said to Kylo. “She also converted a dark saber to the light in a single night.” That statement sparked an interest in Snoke. “Now that takes skill. But what about the other one?” “Annika is embracing her new life choices. She has a new saber which she was able to mediate over in a matter of hours and is becoming stronger each day.” “I feel it, she’s a valuable asset. Do not let them take her back. Remind her that this is her place now.” And with that Snoke left his holographic state and Kylo was left alone. +++ Rey tried to walk as uniform and as normal as any other Storm Trooper would walk. She was sweating buckets underneath the helmet she was wearing and was trying to control her hands which were holding a blaster. Rey managed to find the detainment center but the problem was that everyone wanted to see their new prisoner. She couldn’t just start shooting them down, other troopers would pound the alarm. Rey was trying to come up with a diversion so all of them would leave and she could save her friend. Even worse was that her radio seemed to be jammed by the base’s frequency so she couldn’t just asl for someone to make a scene. Instead she pulled herself together and caused one herself. She pulled out a wall panel and triggered the fire alarm. Everyone in the hallways scurried to get out of the base while Rey hid in a supply closet. “What about Ren’s prisoner?” Hux asked Phasma as they passed by Rey’s hiding spot. “Leave her, this is probably just a drill or someone triggered it by accident.” Phasma said sounding annoyed with the current situation. Rey shuddered in fear as they passed by her. Then she quickly got out of the closet when she didn’t hear anyone’s footsteps and ran into Lee’s cell block. Lee was strapped into the chair she and Poe were once in. Lee was sweaty and her eyes were shut tightly. Upon hearing someone enter the room Lee opened up one eye and peaked at the Stormtrooper in front of her. “Is this some freaky bucket-head, fantasy of yours? You come in here after you pull the fire alarm so you can take off your helmet and forcibly make out with me?” Lee looked at the Stormtrooper who was just standing and looking at her, “Well I know you are as gay as it gets like Poe, Rey. But I had no clue you were into me and none the less foreplay!” Lee smiled and the Stormtrooper took off her mask revealing Rey’s smiling face and messed up buns. “How’d you know?” Rey said while undoing the restraints. “Apparently because I’m all ‘strong in the Force’ it makes me as Force sensitive as any other person ‘strong in the Force’. And I’m guessing because I’m able to sense you, and even Etta; Annika and Kylo Ren are able to sense you too. We need to get out of here.” “Well we have to find the others, my radio signals have been jammed. Are you able to walk?” Rey asked while helping her off of the board. “Just give me a second. While I stretch can you get me an outfit?” Lee reached and touched her toes and proceeded to roll her neck. “Have you tried to use the chips?” “I forgot about those!” Rey shuffled through her things and found the tracking device. The Resistance had given out tracking devices in the form of computer chips that were implanted in the shoulders of the Resistance members. “They’re all outside because of the alarm.” “Well we should head there now before people start coming back. Did you get me something to wear?” Rey looked around the supply closet she was in across the hall. She found a Shadowtrooper uniform that would fit Lee and threw the helmet at her. “This should work. But I need to get my saberstaff before we leave.” “Do you have any idea where it could be?” “While I was sitting in here enduring pain,” Lee strapped on the gear while she spoke, “I was able to make a small connection with Annika. I remember hearing something about a hall of relics. I think it’s located somewhere underground, I felt cold while she was down there.” Lee shoved the helmet on her head. “You go outside and meet up with the others, I’ll be fine.” “Are you sure?” “Just get the ships ready. I’ll get my stuff and we can get out of here. Work on the radio signals.” Rey nodded and left Lee. They both rushed in opposite directions. Lee stood at one of the corners of the hallway and shut her eyes under the the helmet. She thought of her saber and cleared everything else out of her mind. Feeling the pull of it, she was lead to a stairwell that lead both upwards and downwards. She dashed down them and after a couple of floors she reached the basement level. Opening up the door she was lead into a dimly lit hallway that was full of ancient relics and lightsabers. She figured this is where Cain got her saberstaff from, and her conclusion was correct when she found in back on the podium that was labeled ‘Saberstaff of Darth Maul’. She grabbed it off of the stand and made her way back to the stairs. “Put it back Lee.” A familiar voice rang out. “It’s mine, sorry.” She said as she stopped and turned her head to see Annika. She took off the Shadowtrooper helmet and threw it on the ground next to her. “I see your new lightsaber is a clear, ironic statement. Sort of like you.” “How so?” Annika said putting her hand on her lightsaber and taking it off of its clip. “Well you always wanted to be a Jedi, ever since you were a child and considered me your role model. And look where you are now. The child destined for light has fallen into a sea of darkness.” “You always have to go and make things sentimental now don’t you?” Annika ignited her saber showing off it’s new red color that stood in place of its rightful green one. “You look so angry about Qui Gon’s lightsaber when you’re the one who went and changed Darth Maul's.” Annika said in a mocking tone. “Changing a lightsaber from dark to light is thought of as a much harder task than changing one from light to dark; and I’m the one who meditated over four crystals in one night.” And with that statement Annika ran towards Lee with full force. Lee quickly turned on one of the side of her staff and caught Annika’s blade with it before it hit her. The side she ended up turning on was the side with the Dragite Crystal so when the two blades clashed a loud, booming noise resonated through the air; and because Annika intended on hitting Lee with full force she almost got thrown backwards because of the small sonic boom she created. Lee stumbled back a bit too, but she regained herself much quicker than Annika. Lee had no intention of hurting Annika, she was calm, cool, and collected; however Annika was fighting fueled by pure rage. With every move she took is was with the intention of maiming or hurting Lee, she had the look of pure anger and fought with rugged, harsh movements. Annika through a punch at Lee when she had an open chance, it caught Lee off guard which allowed her opponent to kick her knees from under her and almost cut her head off. Lee caught the blade once again, barely, and was on her knees pushing Annika’s saber away from her with as much strength as she could. Annika managed to throw another punch at Lee, and another, and another, and at some point she turned off her lightsaber and started to hit Lee with the hilt of her weapon. “Why won’t you just bleed?” Annika screamed becoming frustrated with Lee who was just starting to bruise up after the many blows she had taken. “You and I both know I have an enhanced pain tolerance, am able to handle extreme temperatures, and that it’s very hard for me to get hurt!” Lee screamed back. She kicked Annika off of her and quickly got up before Annika did. “Come back with me Annika! This isn’t your place!” She said holding out her hand to her friend. “Then why am I able to have more power here? More control? My path is here!” She came at Lee again and they ended up in another lightsaber pushing contest. “Come with me, we can get rid of the marks on your face, you can be with Cain still, and you’ll have more power than you’ve ever dreamed of!” Lee was offended, “These tattoos are a symbol of slavery that the Sith forced upon people like me! They are a sign of rememberance so I never become someone like you!” Lee started to shout, “You’re a poor excuse of a human being!” After that statement she unhooked the other part of her lightsaber and turned it on, in one swift motion coming from Lee, Annika was on the ground screaming in pain. Lee had chopped both of her legs off from the knee down. Kylo came running into the room and when he saw what Lee had done he paralyzed her with the Force. “She doesn’t need you!” He screamed at Lee. “But she’s my friend.” Lee replied in a horrified whisper. “Well now so am I!” Kylo threw Lee against the wall causing a lightsaber to fall from its mount. Then she heard a shot being fired and looked up to see Poe still in a Stormtrooper uniform without his helmet on. He screamed that they needed to leave. Before she left she looked at the lightsaber that had fallen on the ground, it was Annika’s old one. One that had been passed down throughout her family, it had an electrum styled hilt and had been mediated over many times with many different crystals. It had fallen to the ground with such force that it had split down the middle revealing everything inside, revealing the now broken Permafrost Crystal that had belonged to Annika. Lee picked it up, grabbed her own lightsaber, the Shadowtrooper helmet, and ran out of the room with Poe right after she had seen Kylo rushing Annika off to the medical wing of the base. Chapter 7 : Chapter Seven S-1A8 was piloting Lee’s T-70 x-wing while Lee was curled up in her pilot seat. She was looking at the broken lightsaber that had belonged to Annika, it was so old but she thought it was the strongest thing to ever exist. It had lasted generations of Jedi’s and had been in thousands of battles and it had finally broken. It’s sleek hilt was cracked and worn and Lee questioned if it broke because it was so old or because Annika had betrayed it. “Where are you going Lee?” Poe asked over intercoms, “Leia had contacted me saying that she was temporarily moving the base to Cloud City on Bespin.” “Yeah but we’re in the Anoat Sector.” Poe knew what that meant, Hoth was in the Anoat Sector, Lee probably could use sometime to herself to visit her parents and remember some good times while she was there. “You guys can come if you want, someone just needs to contact Leia. If you keep your Stormtrooper uniforms on they’ll keep you warm enough until the people at the old base give you some clothes.” Everyone agreed they would go to Hoth with Lee, sticking together seemed like the best option not for safety but because everyone was feeling large quantities of pain. They landed in Hoth after Atlas spoke over the coms with someone at the base. The guy over the intercom said they would notify Lee’s parents that they were coming home would notify the people not to be afraid of the pilots landing their ships while wearing Stormtrooper uniforms. Lee’s parents took a temporary leave from the Resistance under Leia’s permission and set up a small village inside of the old base with a few other colleagues so they could start families. Lee’s parents joined the resistance again when Lee joined the Resistance. After a while they went back to Hoth and started mining Permafrost Crystals which started a business and got into water trade because Hoth was made of so much ice. The two of them got into the Resistance when Leia and her troops freed them from the Lost Tribe of Sith. And now Lee was going to visit them and Annika’s parents who probably were not in the know about the recent events. Lee was starting to dread the decision to come, but she knew she had to and it was the best place to be at the moment. She hadn’t seen her parents in a few years but still kept in close contact with them when she was on D’Qar. Lee felt her ship land and she shoved the parts of Annika’s lightsaber in her satchel that also carried her own. Then she got out of her ship which was located in the small hangar within the old base. Lee saw a crowd of people waiting for them, and in that crowd she saw her parents. When she got out of her ship they rushed to meet her. Lee didn’t have the closest relationship with her parents, she kind of disapproved of what they did to her when she was a child with the whole tattoo thing. She understood it was a reminder of where she came from but they got their tattoos when they were adults, Lee was merely a child. Her parents also never really outwardly showed love for her, which is why Lee never really did it herself. She never experienced the type of love Annika got from her parents, so when she joined the Resistance Leia was like the mother she never had. “Where’s Annika?” Lee’s mother asked when they got to her. First thing they asked her when she was seeing them for the first time in a few years was about Annika. “I don’t want to talk, especially not her.” Lee said putting her bag over her shoulder and adjusting the uniform she was in. “Okay, well your room is still the same as always and you can take a shower while you’re at it-” “You smell kinda funky.” Lee’s father added on. “And we will have someone set some clothes out for you, and we will get your friends some rooms while we’re at it.” Lee thanked them and she left to go to her old room while S-1A8 was trailing behind her. Her room was on the far end of the base tucked into a small tower. The floor plan was open inside of it and the whole thing was circular. A small bathroom was tucked in with it and she kept her clothes in bins on the floor under her bed. When she walked inside of it, a wave of sadness went through her. She remembered all the times her and Annika stayed up late at night and had small sleepovers. How they would talk about boys and joining the resistance and pretending to have lightsaber battles. The room smelled like burning wood because of the fireplace that had been recently lit that was located across from her bed. Lee undid all the straps that the Shadowtrooper uniform together and peeled off the uniform Leia had given her, she sweat through it and it was drenched in cold sweat. She took a brief shower and washed her hair twice while she was at it. When she got out she found the clothes someone had left on her bed for her. It was some dark brown leggings, a light gray t-shirt, beige snow boots with, a black jacket, and a dark grey cloak that clipped at the neck with simple gray-brown trim. Everyone on Hoth had a cloak or a cape, it was a staple piece there because it was great for warmth and you could wrap yourself up in one and use it as a blanket. The inside of the cloak was lined with some type of fur for added comfort and when Lee put it on over her jacket and all her clothes, then saw it drape down to her ankles; she felt like she was safe for the first time in awhile. Lee put on her saber belt and hooked on the staff and also strapped on her blaster belt and put the blaster she stole from the Starkiller base that came with the Shadowtrooper uniform. Then she walked out of her room to find her friends so they could figure out their next step. Walking through the snow lined hallways of the base Lee pulled the directions out of her long term memory. She ended up finding Poe, Rey, Atlas, and Etta wandering around the base and were bickering about where to go because they were so lost. When they saw Lee they all heaved a sigh of relief and they ended up going back to her room so they could all talk. “So how’d they all get to Bespin?” Lee asked Poe while she lit a fire in the fireplace. “Leia reached out to Lando after the acts of terror Annika committed on the base in D’Qar. She did the right thing, some people in the Resistance have children who love on the base with us and she certainly didn’t want to put them at risk. Lando of course granted Leia permission to temporarily let everyone reside on Cloud City because he would do anything to help her and that’s where they all are.” He said wrapping his cloak around himself. Everyone was dressed similarly, all had light t-shirts, warm brown leggings, some type of jacket, tall snow boots, and a cloak or cape of some sort. Lee found this slightly funny because she had never seen Rey, Atlas, and Poe where cloaks or capes and to be honest they didn’t quite know what to do with them. “So where’s your boyfriend?” Lee asked as she sat on her bed. “He’s helping Leia with the move. Finn said he’ll be here tomorrow.” Poe replied fiddling with his snow boots. “But what do we do now?” Atlas asked. “I guess we have to wait things out for a bit. Clearly Annika won’t be coming back because somebody just had to cut off her legs.” Etta said with a grave amount of sarcasm. “I was keeping up with the theme.” Lee said shrugging her shoulders. “And it seems like she’s pretty serious about staying with Kylo. Is anyone else concerned about how quickly she turned to the Darkside?” Etta added on. “To be fair apparently it happened over the course of two years.” Atlas said. “Out of all the people to be fair to we are going to be fair to Annika?” Rey said sounding pent up. “She betrayed us, killed people, left us for dead and is probably relaying important information to Kylo Ren right this moment!” “Well she’s probably getting fitted for prosthetics right now.” Etta said continuing to be sarcastic. “It’s not like I wanted to cut off her legs!” Lee said sounding exasperated, “She had it coming, but that’s beside the point. We have to figure out our next move.” “We can’t do anything unless we consult with Leia.” Poe said, everyone nodded in agreement, “And right now she’s relocating an entire base and wants us to stay here. We should just lay low for a couple of days until we hear word from her.” “But it feels so wrong to just do nothing.” Said Atlas. “The whole situation feels wrong.” Rey added on. +++ Cain was laying wide awake in his bed. Annika was on the Starkiller base because of him. His own brother and his best friend probably despised him because of what he did. Everything that was going on was his fault, and he didn’t want to live anymore because of it. ‘The things that fear makes you do will kill or endanger anything and anyone you love.’ Is something Lee once said to him during a late night snacking session they once had. It was really late or super early in the morning and they were eating a piece of cake together. And when Lee stayed up too late at night she would let her strange, or very wise thoughts just fly out of her mouth. Cain took this as one of her wise statements and he was starting to feel the repercussions of it. Suddenly Kylo Ren burst into his room causing Cain to bolt up out of his bed and make the saluting sign. The Commander had his mask on striking fear in Cain, he was terrified of what was about to happen. Did Kylo come here to congratulate him, kill him, torture him, did he read his mind finally? His boss just stood there in his mask and Cain realized he was alone, which made things all the more terrifying. Kylo was going to kill him himself if he was there to kill him. “I didn’t read your mind or look through your thoughts because I trusted you.” Kylo said in a calm, cool, and collected tone which made Cain even more scared. So he had found out. Cain was in the process of being compromised. “I will let you live, however you must join me. I will not kill you till you join me, I will not stop meddling through your thoughts and will not stop making you picture you brother and Miss Zheutlin die until you join me.” He said gradually getting louder which made his cold mechanical voice sound like a broken machine. Kylo was slowly walking towards Cain who felt vulnerable in just his boxers. “It has come to my attention,” Kylo said in a calmer voice while putting his hands behind his back, “that you are a valuable resource, that you shouldn’t be killed. Because you have the ability to go back to the Resistance and recover more things for me because they trust you. Only this time you will tell me everything that happens there and you will start withholding information from them.” “I can’t.” Cain said. His voice broke and tears started to well up in his eyes. “I love everyone there too much.” He started to cry as he fell on his knees, kneeling before Kylo Ren. “Then you will feel how your friend felt.” Kylo said in a more demanding voice. He waved his hand over Cain’s face and did his signature bridal style form of carrying his victims. Cain’s limp cody grew cold and as he was flopped over in Kylo’s arms the tears rolled down his cheeks and hit the floor. +++ The next morning Finn got to the base on Hoth and him and Poe flung themselves into each other’s arms. Lee watched it happen while she was cleaning her X-wing, dusting off all the snow on it and taking out all the trash in it. She thought it was cute and smiled a bit, Poe and Finn felt more love for each other than the galaxy could give, and it was the sweetest thing. Seeing the two of them reunite and hug each other and hear them talk about how worried they were for one another it filled Lee and the others with some well needed happiness. Unfortunately Annika’s parents approached her after she turned away from her two friends. The usual hugs and ‘Oh my goodness it’s been so long!’ statements were given and then they started asking the questions Lee really didn’t feel like answering. “She’s,” Lee paused and tried to think about how to answer their question of ‘Where’s Annika?’. She didn’t feel like leaving them in the dark but she also didn’t want them to feel the way she felt. “She’s been compromised.” Lee said flatly. “What does that mean? Last time I heard from her she was becoming a Jedi not a spy.” Annika’s mother said. “She’s been enveloped by the Dark.” Lee said quietly, “She’s no longer with the Resistance, she’s with the First Order now.” She said even quieter. Annika’s parent’s faces fell. Lee grabbed her things and walked away to go to the safety of her room. Her friends watched Lee interact with Annika’s parents, and they watched her walk away with her bag while her cloak was billowing behind her. “She’s not handling it very well.” Etta pointed out. “What? No way!” Atlas said, turning the tables and becoming the sarcastic one. Rey left to go explore the base and Poe went to his room with BB-8 and S-1A8, Finn pulled Atlas and Etta aside. “Is there some secret that you have to share in this mysterious dark corner Finn?” Atlas said to him. “Kind of.” He stopped and looked around, “Leia has a mission for the two of you.” “A mission for the two of us? Why would she want the two of us of all people to do a secret mission for her?” Etta said sounding confused. “Because Lee is going through a traumatic event right now, Poe would get to attached to the case and Kylo Ren has Force Bonded with him and Rey which makes her not up to the task.” “Excuse me?” Atlas retorted. “The two of you are the only ones available to do a rescue mission. Luke said there has been a great disturbance in the force, and not just Annika’s disturbance. Something’s wrong with Cain and Leia want’s him pulled out of the Starkiller base immediately. She doesn’t want to lose any more people.” “Why don’t you just do this?” Etta asked now sounding skeptical. “Because Poe needs me right now, and I’ve also had a connection with Kylo before.” “We’ll do it!” Atlas said sounding determined. “We’ll what?” Etta said sounding not so determined. “I don’t feel like dying.” “Doesn’t matter Cain is out friend. We’ll sneak in while wearing the Stormtrooper uniforms we used before and we probably have a TIE fighter or TIE bomber around here somewhere.” Atlas replied while walking off and looking around the hangar. +++ Everything burned. Cain screamed and cried out in pain while whatever they injected in his shoulder went through his blood and did what felt like burn all of his veins and arteries in his body. His lungs ached and his throat was growing sore and hoarse because of his screams and General Hux kept injecting the fluid into his body. He felt sore all over and the torture was merciless, they would never do something like this in the Resistance. They never even asked him any questions, it was all about sparking enough fear in him until he turned to the dark ways of the Force. “Say it!” General Hux screamed in his face. The General proceeded to punch Cain square in the mouth. Blood dripped from Cain’s teeth, “Admit that you will turn to the Dark Side!” Hux screamed again. “Never.” Cain replied with a sly smile spreading across his face. Hux punched him again causing his head to whip to the right. “Say it you fool!” Hux roared, spit going onto Cain’s cheeks. “Shab you!” Cain screamed back, blood from his mouth splattering onto his boss’ uniform. Hux took a step back, he was offended by such words. No one except scoundrels and mob bosses used such vulgar vocabulary. Because Hux’s pride was damaged merely by two words he left the room feeling disgusted and Cain was finally given a break. Whatever they were using to torture him was wearing off and only a slight pinching feeling was left. He had no clue how Lee was able to keep herself composed while enduring such treatment. He heaved a tired sigh and cracked his neck, maybe they would give him a chance to dream. Chapter 8 : Chapter Eight Lee was in her room laying on her bed with her eyes closed, cloak draped off the side of her bed. She felt the fire dying out, it was the only source of light in the room making the space a have warm, aesthetically pleasing look. She felt tired and violated, and she certainly didn’t feel like talking to anyone about Annika. She felt horrible about cutting off her legs, anyone would, and Annika was her best friend of all people. Lee wanted to keep on saying that it was for self defense and would give her an open window to escape, but if she could just chop someone’s legs off then she could just chop someone in half, similar to how Obi-Wan did to the previous owner of her lightsaber. And then there was the leftover residue of Kylo Ren tampering with her state of mind. She certainly had felt him looking through her own personal thoughts. He didn’t do it to the point of pain like Rey and Poe, but he still did it. Now she just felt gross. He did the equivilant of rapeing her by entering her thoughts without any of her permission. Lee wanted to curl up and never leave Hoth and see Annika or Kylo Ren ever again, but she knew she couldn’t. The Resistance needed her and her friends when the time came and Lee didn’t want to be that person when it came to doing their job. Lee felt a hand touch her shoulder causing her to jerk back and hit the wall her bed came in contact with. It was Rey touching her shoulder and Poe standing behind her grabbing a chair while Rey sat on the bed. “I know everyone around here is asking if you feel alright in regards to what happened between you and Annika, but I don’t believe anyone has asked you if you are feeling any better from what Kylo Ren did to you on his base.” Lee looked down onto the comforter of her bed and sat up. Rey kept her hand on Lee’s shoulder while Poe was looking concerned. “Lee are you truly alright?” Lee shook her head no. “Did he do into your thoughts?” Poe asked, scooting forward. “A little.” Lee replied. “I still feel him there though, like he left something behind. I just feel violated. He just entered without any of my permission and I didn’t know how to block him out of course, he didn’t do it to the point of pain however. That came later and was given to me by General Hux.” “What did he do?” Rey asked sounding horrified. “General Hux injected many, many vials of some kind of poison or weapon used for torture, it was clear and when it was in you it felt like it was burning every part of your circulatory system. It felt like everything in the world happening to me at once and that is comeing from someone with an unnaturally high pain tolerance.” Rey and Poe were shocked and the looks on their faces showed a mixture of horror, angar, and sadness. “Well it sounds like all three of us have been victims of a terrible form of torture and interrogation. What Kylo did to the three of us was wrong and horrific and can hardly be described as inhumane.” Rey spoke. “And Lee we are here for you and will always be willing to talk and I know you know that but there’s nothing wrong with coming to us. No one really knows what it feels like to have something like this happen to you other than the two of us and Leia.” Lee nodded and began to cry. Rey hugged her and Poe got up on the bed and got in on the hug too. Then Rey began to cry and so did Poe, then they just turned into a big group hug of young people crying over their current, depressing, stressful situation. +++ “Will you just be quiet and walk like any other Stormtrooper!” Atlas harshly whispered to Etta. She could tell her shorter, gray skinned friend was glaring at her through her helmet after she said that but she didn’t care. “We came here to rescue Cain and let me tell you something, I have no clue how we are going to do it.” “Are you serious! You said you had a very well constructed plan!” Etta said harshly. “I only said that so I could get you here. Cain is our friend and clearly needs out help. We have to get him out of here before worst come to worst?” “What’s the worst thing that could happen?” Etta asked sounding confused while they turned a corner of the base. “Either he could die,” Atlas stopped and put her gun in her hand and stood guard with Etta at the doorway they were instructed to stand guard in front of, “or he could pull and Annika.” “Is this a new slang term we are going to start using?” “It is if you want it to be. Are we supposed to just stand here? It feels wrong and not even like a job.” “This is the doorway that leads to the big room Kylo goes into all the time. Clearly it has some sort of purpose to it.” “If this is just his bedroom and we have to stand guard protecting his underwear I will seriously start to question how the First Order became to productive and successful.” Atlas said sarcastically earning a laugh from Etta. “But seriously there’s no plan.” “We have enough time to think of one. Just think of it on the downlow so Kylo doesn’t hear it. We’ve walked around here quite a bit I think I remember where quite a few of the hallways lead so that will help. But before anything we have to find where Cain is being held.” “Shift ends in two hours so we can figure things out then. Right now just try to find the quickest way out from the detainment center.” The two young women, shaking where the stood, held their blasters close to them with their fingers ready on the triggers. They patiently waited for their shift to be over so the real work could begin. They only had till Zhellday which meant they only had two days to retrieve their friend before the First Order would recognize something was up with the Stormtrooper count. +++ Annika’s power continued to branch out like a quickly growing tree. She truly embraced the Dark Side of the Force and let it course through her veins and flow through everyone of her movements. Even after the whole event of Lee cutting off both of her legs her mental state wasn’t even tampered with. Now she had two bionic legs that looked like gray metal boots which gave her a better ability to jump. So she was not just stronger mentally but physically. She hadn’t thought about Lee much, she didn’t want to. Not because she considered Lee to be dead in her mind but because of what Lee could do to her. Lee was able to embrace the Light without even knowing how and even she could feel how strong Lee was. Annika did not think of Lee because she feared Lee would be the death of her, if her old friend could chop off both her legs then she could certainly chop off her head or slice her jugular. This caused a small bit of jealousy to form within Annika, the jealousy had always been there anyways so this more so added onto hit. Lee has always been a better pilot, had better aim, was better with a lightsaber, had a much higher pain tolerance, and could sustain extreme temperatures even though they grew up on the same planet. Lee was just more adaptable and quicker to learn. And when Annika found out that Lee seemed to have more of the Force within her than she had and she was a Jedi, that really ticked her off. Annika had always felt that she was in Lee’s shadow, now she really had a chance to prove her might. Annika was already becoming a graceful fighter with her lightsaber. She had learned from her previous mistakes how to not use one, you should never fight blinded by rage bit fight with elegance. Kylo was teaching her the ways of the Force and they would duel during their downtime. However Annika has made herself useful on the base by repairing ships. TIE fighters and TIE bombers had intricate engines Annika was finding out and found very interesting. She was teaching herself how to take apart and rebuild the ships without anyone’s help. The only thing that bothered Annika about her new home was the constant screams she heard from the detainment center. Cain Dameron was the only person in it at the moment and General Hux was using the First Order’s new method of torture thoroughly on her old friend. Hearing him in such pain when she passed by the center upset her more than she liked, they weren’t even that close when she was with the Resistance. +++ Turning to the Dark Side would be the easiest option at the moment. Cain thought. His lungs and throat ached and he had been crying in his chair straps for hours until he became dehydrated. All his muscles felt like they had been ripped apart and he honestly wanted to die. I could do it, I could honestly do it. I would have the same job but, what about Lee. He wanted to cry more but he didn’t want to hurt himself. I don’t want to lose her but I don’t want to die. Cain took a heavy sigh and said, “I’ll do it!” He screamed with the small amount of voice he had left. It sounded like a faint scream into the void. The doors opened to his cell and Kylo Ren himself came in, he held out his hand causing Cain’s restraints to let loose, and he was free. Cain fell to the floor and cracked his neck and back after stretching out his arms. “Return to your room and clean yourself up, dinner will be ready soon.” Kylo said in his metallic voice. +++ “He was moved out of his cell?” Atlas whispered to Etta through her helmet. “I can see that.” Etta replied equally as confused. They had finally found where Cain was located and were standing outside of his cell where he was being helped out of. He looked like a mess, dark circles under the eyes, messy hair, and his skin was glistening of sweat, “God he looks like Lee.” Etta said in a joking tone. “While that was super funny we need to know what’s going on.” Atlas marched down the hall following the other Stormtroopers that were carrying her friend. They all went into an elevator where they experienced the most awkward elevator ride of the century, and then they all went out and the Stormtroopers with Cain dropped him off to another room. While they were doing that Etta and Atlas walked passed them slowly so they didn’t look suspicious. Cain entered the room which seemed to look like living quarters from what Atlas could see from a quick glance, and he shut the door quietly. “Did they let him free? What is going on right now?” Etta shrugged. Atlas looked around the hallway to see if it was clear and slowly made her way over to the room where Cain went into. “Cover me.” “What?” “I’m going in, stay guard.” Atlas quickly opened the door that was thankfully unlocked and slipped inside after carefully shutting it and locking the door. She turned around to find Cain without any clothes on with a freaked out face and he was standing completely still in shock. “I don’t know if I should call someone or grab a gun or-” “Calm down Cain I’m not interested in you and whatever that is.” Atlas said while taking off her helmet and gesturing to his genitalia. Cain was horrified and reached grabbed a small Phaser that was on his desk in the corner. “Woah, hold on, what are you doing it’s just me Cain. What did they do to you in there?” “Y-you can’t be here! Get out! Get out or I’ll shoot!” He said, hands shaking and mouth quivering. “Cain I’m here to rescue you! Etta is outside the door, come on we have to go!” “I will shoot you Atlas!” Cain said while raising his voice. “Poe is worried sick about you! If you come home you won’t have to do this anymore, leed two lives and put your life more at risk than it needs to be.” Atlas reached out her hand, “Come on Cain, you aren’t thinking straight right now. They tortured you and put you in a place of fear, we have to go Cain.” She said in all seriousness, her hand was still reaching out to Cain who looked exhausted and was on the verge of what looked like crying. “Take my hand Cain, we can leave this all behind.” Atlas’s entirely crystal blue eyes showed a flash of worry, why wasn’t he taking her hand? Cain looked down at his friend's hand, it was a rather dramatic scene that was playing out. He was naked and vulnerable yet he was pointing a gun at someone he had known for so long, and his friend was standing before him looking concerned as ever while holding her hand out to him. Is it too late to switch back? Or can I be redeemed? Cain asked himself in his thoughts. Realising Atlas’ hand symbolized the Light reaching out to him he thought it very well could be possible for him to go back. But what would he be? What would he do? Would he be an engineer like Lee had always wanted him to be? Questions formed a blizzard in his mind, but them he felt the pull of the Darkside. It enveloped him, comforted him. If he stayed he wouldn’t be at risk all the time. He rather likes structure and they had that here, and if he stayed he would also have power here too. “No.” He said aloud, “No it’s too late.” Atlas’ eyes widened and within a blink of an eye she understood what he was saying no to. She walked backwards and unlocked the lock while putting on her Stormtrooper helmet. She fumbled with the door handle and while her clumsiness claimed rule over her fingers Cain fired his Phaser pistol. The beam hit Atlas’ left leg and she fell to the ground. “Etta open the door! It’s unlocked, we have to get out of here!” Etta opened the door to find a hole in Atlas’ armor and a mortified Cain standing in front of Atlas’ fallen body notably naked. “What did you do?” She screamed while looking upon the scene. “Doesn’t matter what he did help me up and get us out of here!” Atlas yelled back grabbing her leg. Etta pulled her body up off of the floor and dragged her out of the room. Etta put one of Atlas’s arm’s around her shoulder to be her human crutch and the two went as fast as they could while trying to not be noticed down the hallway. Then the sirens went off.” “Damnit! That shab triggered the alarms!” Etta said while hiding herself and her fiend behind a wall. “Hopefully it causes a big enough diversion for us to get out of here!” She looked around the corner and decided it was okay for the two of them to go. Eventually they made it to the hangar and the two young women shuffled over to the TIE fighter they came in. “Can you even fly?” “It’s not like we took two separate ships! You fligh I’ll man the cannons!” They strapped themselves in and took off. Soon other fighters were after them. Etta maneuvered the ship through the stars, dodging oncoming laser beams while Atlas did her best to shoot them down. “Is there any way we can go into hyper drive?” She shouted to Etta who was behind her. “Just lose them first. I don’t feel like leaving this sector.” She piloted the ship with grace and dodged the oncoming beams. Atlas shot back and took down the two ships swiftly when she had the chance. “You better switch into hyperdrive now before they send any more bucketheads!” “I planned on it!” Etta flipped some switches on the dash and soon enough the two women saw the stars racing behind them. Chapter 9 : Chapter Nine “Repeat that!” Lee shouted at Etta inside of the hangar located on Hoth. The Jedi and the pilot had just gotten back from their second trip to the Starkiller base. Lee was confused as to why they left until Finn accidentally spilled to secret. When her friends had gotten back Lee stormed to the hangar demanding to see if Cain was retrieved. Etta looked looked sadly at Lee, “He’s no longer with us, at least with us on the light side.” Lee slammed her hand against Atlas’ ship. “What happened?” Lee shouted back. “Why didn’t you bring him back?” Poe bellowed. He was having just as much of a hard time as Lee figuring out as to why his brother would betray everyone like this. “You were given a simple task to carry out and you just left him there!” He snarled, “He’s my brother and he gets scared easily and you just abandoned him on the First Order’s new base, let him go to the dark side, and now we don’t have an information flow and are no longer on the upper hand!” “Atlas got shot on this mission!” Etta said in defense. “My brother was tortured during this mission!” Poe spat back. Finn and Rey came up behind Poe and Lee who were glowering at Etta. Atlas was off in the medical wing getting her leg patched up from her most recent blaster wound. Now a crowd was forming around the friend group. “Etta you will stay here with Atlas while she recovers, after she is out of the medical wing you will go to Cloud City on Bespin with the rest of the Resistance. We,” Rey gestured to Poe, Finn, Lee, and herself, “will meet you there by the next Centaxday by the latest.” She spoke articulately. “Poe and Lee the two of you need to calm down. Cain turning to the Dark is not Ettas fault it’s Cains.” “I know and I’m sorry.” Poe said with some sincerity. “Everyone get in your ships we are leaving to collect Poe’s brother.” The four got in their ships. BB-8 was with Poe, S-1A8 was with Lee in her ship, and Finn was riding and manning the cannons on the Falcon. The group arrived on Burnin Konn in a short amount of time. +++ “Sir, there seems to be a party that arrived on the planet moments ago.” Cain said to General Hux. He has received word that three ships with two droids and a small party of four people had arrived moments ago from a Stormtrooper that called in while he was on patrol on the outside of the base. “Rebel ships sir.” Cain added on. “Do we know who they are?” Hux asked after looking up from his monitor in the control room. “I presume it’s Lee Zheutlin, Rey, Poe Dameron, and FN-2187 and the droids must be S-1A8 and BB-8 Sir. They seem to be approaching the base quite quickly Sir.” Cain swiped the live video feed of outside the base from his hologram screen to Hux’s. “Don’t attack them. Tell the Troopers not to shoot them or harm them, welcome them into this base. I’ll inform Commander Kylo.” Hux stepped out of the room and Cain sent the message out to the all the head Stormtroopers which would send the message to the lower ones. Cain was scared, what was Lee doing here again? +++ The squad stomped their way up to the closest door of the base. They didn’t make it some kind of secret attack they wanted everyone there to know they were there, and they were sure everyone knew they landed minutes ago anyways. Finn kicked in the door to the base and Rey and Lee has their lightsabers ready while Poe and his boyfriend had their blasters at the ready. BB-8 and S-1A8 were trailing behind them and making low grunting noises. “Where is he?” Lee spoke into a security cam, “Where is my friend?” “All we want is him!” Poe shouted into the empty hallway, “Where’s my brother?” “You two move together, Finn and I will go right you guys go left.” Rey spoke. “We can cover more ground, cause a scene or com us to tell us where you are.” The small group split into two smaller ones and went down the two separate hallways. It was deadly quiet in the base. Lee could only hear the sound of her and Poes boots. Then they turned a corner and saw everyone. Every Stormtrooper was lined up behind Commander Kylo Ren, General Hux, Annika, and the one and only, Cain Dameron. It was the command room that they had entered and Lee gulped in fear while Poe tightened his grip on his blaster. “We didn’t come to fight,” Poe spoke in a hushed tone, “just give me back my brother.” “He chose to stay here.” Hux said stepping forward to Dameron. “Your destruction is his choice.” Hux said coldly. Poe looked him dead in the eyes, glowering at him. Finn and Rey had made their way into the room and stood behind Lee, focusing on their many opponents. The two women and the former Stormtrooper were holding their lightsabers with white knuckled, vice like grips; ready to use them at moment's notice. Rey looked straight through Kylo Ren’s mask and gave him a death stare, she was ready to take whatever he was going to dish out. Finn looked daggers at Hux and Annika, while Lee forgot her former friend and former Jedi to look at Cain. It was rather a sullen look she was giving him, a mixture of stress, disappointment, and grief. “I don’t feel like waiting any longer.” Kylo bellowed breaking the silence. Hux looked back and Annika looked at him too. He nodded at the two of them and they nodded back. They turned on their lightsabers and Annika flashed a grin and barreled towards the resistance members. Finn caught her red blade with his blue one before she could lay a hand on Rey, for whom she was aiming for. Then multiple fights broke out. Poe punched Hux square in the nose causing Hux and Poe to drop their weapons and make a it a fair fight, then went at each other immersing themselves into a full on fist fight. Kylo Ren calmly walked towards Rey and the two of them started to gracefully take part in a lightsaber duel. Lee looked around and wanted to help someone until she turned around and saw Cain with a lightsaber that was glowing red. “Never thought of you to be much of a lightsaber kind of guy.” Lee said in a snarky tone. “Well I am now, and probably better at using it than you.” He spat back. “Trust me, I’ve had training.” Cain lurched forward coming at Lee with an over the head swing. His moves were aggressive, but not blind and attacked with fast, powerful swings. Cain’s fighting style maintained an Ataru fighting style feel while Lee’s was prominently a Vaapad fighting style, the most difficult and demanding technique used for fighting by any lightsaber user. Her moves were erratic and chaotic which threw Cain off balance and off track at some points. She fought with malignant grace and gained the offensive hand. Lee was only using one blade so far, the Permafrost Crystal side. She only liked using the other sides in times of need. Soon enough Stormtroopers were getting involved. They started shooting at the Rebels making it even harder for them to defend themselves. Lee decided the fight had to be taken elsewhere. She ran out to one of the corridors which drew Cain into her trap. Eventually they were fighting outside near where they had landed their ships. Quickly gaining the upperhand, Lee was moving swiftly and showed no chance of stopping, she just needed one clear shot of Cain’s head. He gave that chanc to her when he pulled a downwards strike and Lee unclipped her other lightsaber to use it to disarm him and use the hilts to deck Cain. He passed out on the ground almost instantly so she grabbed his lightsaber and thrusted him over he shoulder and carried him to her ship. S-1A8 trailed behind and went aboard her ship in their pilot spot and Lee took off almost immediately. While she was leaving she saw her other friends running to their ships. “I have Cain, I’m taking him to a safe place to get things sorted out. Go back to Leia on Cloud City, I’ll be back soon enough.” Lee spoke over intercom. She wanted to leave the sector and go to a desolate planet where no one would bother them. Hoth was a good choice, barren as ever with one civilization but it was still in the sector. She left the planet and piloted for awhile until she found a place that was suitable. She stayed in the Outer Rim Territories and went to the Arkanis Sector, Tatooine was the planet she chose. Lee remembered going there once as a child. That was the first place she had ever truly felt the light of a sun on her skin. She didn’t remember why she went there, something about restocking the base back on Hoth and her parents took her for fun, but she liked it there. It was a different kind of desolate wasteland on that planet, and it’s where Anakin and Luke Skywalker were from which made it ten times cooler. Cain was stuffed in the back of her ship, knocked out, and she hoped that would put some sense into him. +++ “Does anyone know where she is?” Leia asked. “She has Cain and I trust her, she’ll come back with him and he’ll be better again, and we’ll have one less problem on our hands.” Poe said covering his face with his hands. He was exhausted like everyone else and everything was going wrong. The Resistance had taken serious hit from a Jedi turning into a Sith Lord and killing multiple people in a shootout and a valuable spy also turning to the First Order. “She’ll bring back my brother.” He added on then put his head down on the table. Finn rubbed his back and Rey stared into space. She felt like she was losing everyone she trusted was leaving her and she felt that before and Kylo Ren was back at it again. “Cain will come back and Lee will be fine, she said she was taking him to a planet further away from this sector, I’m sure they’ll be back soon.” Rey huffed. Nothing was going right, nothing at all. She had to face Kylo Ren once again, and she had to see the demise of her friends. +++ When Lee was taking off in her ship Annika stopped her fight with Cain to run outside with the others to see whose ship was taking off. “Stop them!” Hux screamed and pointed at the sky. Stormtroopers scurried about frantically and Annika groaned and grabbed the gun positioned in General Hux’s holster. “Hey what are you doing?” He asked while trying to take it out of her hands. “I’ll do it myself!” Annika said in frustration. She set some of the controls on the gun and grabbed a tracking device off of Hux’s belt and loaded the gun with it. Annika looked on the scope and pointed the gun up to the skies. Hesitating for a moment she figured out which ship was Lee’s and then she shot the tracking device onto one of the winds of her ship. Huffing and thrusting the gun into Hux’s arms she headed back to the Control Room to see where Lee was taking Cain. +++ Cain fluttered his eyelids and looked up at what was above him. It was a navy blue tarp that was gently billowing in the wind. He clenched his fists and felt the feeling of sand flowing through his fingers. His head hurt and Cain felt the warmth of a sun on his cheeks. He didn’t have his jacket on anymore and was left wearing his black T-shirt and the bottoms of his slacks were cut off, leaving him in a pair of make-shift shorts. On his feet were a pair of sandshoes. Cain stood up and ducked under the tarp, looking around at his surroundings it was a bleak tundra that had sand for miles. He walked out of the tent-tarp and saw a familiar figure sitting on top of the nose of her X-wing. Lee was looking out into the horizon while wearing a pair of beige shorts and the same cloak and shirt she was wearing on the Starkiller base. She also had a pair of sandshoes on and still had her blaster and lightsaber clipped onto her belts. She turned her head and saw Cain, then motioned for him to sit next to her on her ship. He complied and jogged towards her and hopped on next to her. Cain noticed she had taken his lightsaber and lightsaber clip from him and was now wearing those objects too, her hand was also gently resting on her saberstaff. “I don’t expect you to agree with coming back to Bespin with me, but I’m taking you with me even if I have to knock you out again.” She adjusted her sitting position and went on saying, “I do hope you know how much pain you’ve caused. Do you even realize what your brother is going through? How much this has hurt the Resistance? What you did was reckless and self absorbed.” She spat. Lee looked at him directly in the eye, “Do you know how much this has hurt your friends? Have you even thought about coming back? I know it’s been in incredibly short amount of time but you left us!” Cain looked back into his friend's eyes, “Does everyone else need me to come back or is it just you?” “Not everything is about me and you Cain, everyone wants you to come back. Besides, a war is no place for a romance, and if this war never ends while we’re alive then so be it.” Lee shot back. Cain looked a little hurt but she was telling him what he needed to hear. “I got you this,” Lee reached back into the X-wing and pulled a cape out from behind her seat, “I got it off of Hoth and took out the fur lining like I did to mine when we got here. I also got you some clothes to change into off of a merchant passing through while you were asleep.” Lee pulled out a bundle of clothes and wrapped them in the cape then handed them to Cain. She motioned for him to go change and said, “Sorry for ripping your pants, I didn’t want you to be all sweaty when you woke up.” Cain nodded and hopped off of the ship and went behind it and under the tarp that was hooked to the tail end of the vessel and was held by two steaks in the ground. “Pack up the tarp when your done.” “I would rather stay here forever.” +++ Lee and Cain arrived on Bespin the next morning since they had to fly to the Anoat Sector all the way from the Arkanis Sector. Cain was tucked behind Lee’s seat and was asleep for most of the ride while Lee refused to sleep even though S-1A8 could’ve piloted the X-wing themselves. Lee needed sleep after all but was running on pure adrenaline, she was ready to bring her other friend home no matter the consequences. When the arrived on Bespin and secured a landing spot Leia and the rest of the squad came out to greet them. Poe immediately ran to Cain who was just shaken awake by Lee. The older Dameron cried while he held his younger sibling, who ended up crying with him. Cain was saying an endless stream of “I’m sorry,” and “Please forgive me Poe, Leia, everyone please,” which lead Leia to cry along with them while she watched the touching scene. Lee left after finding out where she was staying so she could leave the whole situation, she felt awkward and tired. +++ Annika landed on Tatooine and was frustrated to find her tracker in the sand where Lee’s ship used to be. She forgot that her friend was clever. Looking up to the sky Annika saw cloud trails and went on her data pad to get at least a vague sense of where Lee would be. The best shot she had was to go back to the Anoat Sector and check out the other planets there. Annika ruled out Burnin Konn and thought about Hoth but then was confused as to why she would go home, so Lee must have been on Bespin where cloud city was located. Annika boarded her TIE bomber and flew off to Bespin to finish things with the Resistance one and for all. Chapter 10 : Chapter Ten Lee was wandering the long hallways of Cloud City. She felt a slight pull upwards while she went and heard the sound of her sand shoes lightly padding on the clean floors. She stuck out from the cold, clean, white, minimalist interior of Cloud City. She was wearing dusty brown, black, and gray clothes that clashed with the aesthetic of the floating palace in the sky. Lee was thinking about the tracker she found on on of the winds on her ship right when she was getting ready to leave Tatooine. Annika, or any one of the First Order members must have pinned it on her ship when she was encaping with Cain. Now she was pondering the after effects, surely they couldn’t trace her back here. Then she heard a familiar moaning, groaning, and low gurgling noise coming from behind. Lee hastily turned around to see Chewbacca's tall and furry stature and she ran up to him. He was doing away missions to clear his mind from the death of Han and visited home for a but while doing some scavenging missions for the Resistance. Lee gave him a warm hug and smiled to see such a refreshing face. Wookies always fascinated her, for such menacing creatures they could always be friendly if you had the correct demeanor. And Chewbacca had become a tad more mellow over the years, while he was still fearsome to some, he had grown friendlier and more inviting to everyone else in the Resistance. The Wookie and the what was debatable to be considered human Lee parted ways. Lee left with a happier feeling within herself and Chewie was just excited to be home again. He went off to find Leia, Rey, and Finn. Lee went to her room to polish off her saberstaff and figure out her next move. +++ “I’ll need backup right away.” Annika spoke over coms to General Hux. “I’m sending troops out your way now. Kylo Ren himself will also be visiting you and making a special guest appearance to the members of the Resistance.” Hux replied. The First Order would soon be launching a full frontal attack on the temporary Resistance base on Bespin. Stormtrooper were loading up TIE fighters and bombers while Kylo and Phasma were preparing the the Command Shuttle and fixing the ion engines. Annika had already landed on Cloud City in one of the remote, not well surveillance areas. She was still in her ship requesting back up and was mentally preparing herself for the upcoming battle. Annika’s main goal was to finish her old friend once and for all, maybe sever some of Lee’s limbs before she would slaughter her. It was her chance, Lee deserved it. Annika had lived in her friends shadow for too long and she was still living in it in the Dark Side. Annika feared that Kylo Ren believed that Lee was more powerful than herself and himself. Annika left her ship and headed towards an entrance. She kept the door she entered through open for the others and proceeded to try and sense her friend. However the moment Annika stepped foot on Cloud City something within Etta, Rey, Finn, Lee, and Leia felt off. The five met up and agreed that there was soon going to be an attack launched on the base and that Annika was without a doubt on the city in the sky. So they suited up and notified all the pilots to prepare the ships. Leia ordered a group of pilots to fly the bigger carrier ships for the families, techs, and engineers to be shipped back out to D’Qar. There they would set the base back up and set up better safety measures. Soon the sky was flooded with First Order ships. Lee and Annika looked out one of the windows and saw the Command Shuttle looming over the base. Cloud City was being filled with shouts and orders and small droids bleeping and blooping. S-1A8 trailed behind Lee as she ras throughout the halls of the base looking for any sign of Annika. Meanwhile Rey, Atlas, Etta, Finn, and Poe were setting up X-wings and the Millennium Falcon. Cain was helping with the calibration of the w-165 planetary turbolasers when Lee passed by him. She called out to him and threw something in his direction. It was a lightsaber with a standard hilt. “Green Adegan crystals!” She shouted to him with a thumbs up, “Meditate over it later for now use it as a last resort!” She yelled as she was swept away by the crowds. Cain nodded and clipped it onto his toolbelt. Lee stopped when she felt the floor underneath begin to shake. The battle must have just begun. She looked out a small window to her left and saw the Resistance and the First Order ships firing at each other along with planetary blasters firing along with the ships. She composed herself then stopped dead in her tracks when she felt a small twang within her stomach. A scream coming from S-1A8 was heard behind her and Lee Spun around. Behind her was Annika, blade out and ready to fight. Lee unclipped her saberstaff and turned on the side with the Permafrost crystal first then the Dragite one. “God you’re ugly.” Annika spoke with a sarcastic tone. “Wow, I really can’t disagree with that argument.” Lee said flatly. “You have no personality.” “It makes up for your terrible one.” Annika swung first and Lee saw it coming. The two were going at it. Annika ended up landing a punch on Lee’s nose which was matched with a roundhouse kick to the face coming from Lee. While Lee was left unphased from her punch Annika was clutching the side of her face. “Who’s ugly now?” Lee said with a touch of humor. “It’s still you.” Annika spat as she busted Lee’s nose by using the bottom part of her lightsaber hilt. +++ Chaos was blooming all over Cloud City. The cool tiled floor was shaking because of all the blasts being fired at the city and First Order troopers had managed to weave their way into the base. Now small battles were happening everywhere. Cain was trying to find Lee whenever General Hux had spotted him. Hux fired his blaster at Cain who managed to deflect the beam at the last second with his lightsaber. Hux snarled and bolted towards Cain, Cain took that as an opportunity to run for his life. Chewie was also looking for Lee. He knew Annika must have found her and after hearing the news about Annika’s current situation he didn’t want to take any chances on losing Lee. Using his crossbow he shot down numerous amounts of troops and even tore one of their arms off, he had to find Lee. She was like his new Ben. “Has anyone caught sight of Annika yet?” Etta spoke over coms while she was zooming over the floating city. She was shooting down TIE fighters left and right but from what she could tell they were only Stormtroopers flying the crafts. “Either she’s not here or she snuck onto the base. And if she snuck onto the base she’s probably-” Etta paused for a moment while she shot down a TIE bomber, “fighting Lee at the moment.” “Nice shot.” Atlas said, complimenting Etta’s piloting skills. “Thanks but does anyone have an answer to my question?” “Annika’s probably the one who launched the attack and it seems like they called everyone to this party. She’s gotta be in there and if she’s not fighting with Lee already she’s probably getting close to.” Rey answered Etta’s question. “Finn shoot down the bomber right below us! They’re coming right for Etta!” Rey screamed to Finn who was manning the cannons. Finn tried his best but they were spiraling too quick and he only got one of them. “Etta look out!” Rey hollered over coms. However Etta didn’t catch the message in time and a TIE bomber crashed right into her ship. “Crap.” Etta said flatly as she felt her craft going down. She looked up out of her windows above her and quickly ejected her seat right after saying, “Sorry, but it seems as if I must fight from the ground now.” And she flew up into the air. Etta parachuted down to one of the landing platforms and unclipped herself from her seat. She somersaulted to the ground and turned around to see her ship coming right towards her. Springing up she ran a few feet ahead of herself and jumped out of the way to dodge a wing of her now destroyed ship, and managed to see the rest of it crash and burn to the ground; which cause half of the landing platform to be destroyed. However her coms system was still intact because it worked on mobile devices and wasn’t hardwired into her ship. “How the hell did I dodge that one?” She asked while gasping for air. Etta opened up the door that would lead into the city and started to hunt down Lee or anyone else that needed help. +++ Hux was gaining on Cain. His aim was getting better while he was running and Cain started to show signs of exhaustion. Eventually the rebel tripped and skidded to the ground which gave Hux a perfect open shot to one of Cain’s legs. The general ended up targeting the lower part of Cain’s right shin causing excruciating pain for Dameron and enabling himself to get back up. Cain turned his lightsaber back on and swung it out in front of himself as he tried to sit up. He hit Hux’s ankles causing him to fall down with Cain. Cain propped himself up and managed to get into a strange standing position that made him use the wall as a crutch. He took the blaster off of his belt and shot Hux in the same place where he was shot causing a scream to emit out of him. Then he shot Hux in both shoulders while he could, so at least the officer wouldn’t chase after him. Cain reached out his foot and stomped on Hux’s hand and took his blaster then shakily ran off while staying in very close proximity to the wall. He had to find Lee. +++ Etta stormed the base and searched through all of the floating thoughts to try to find her friends. So many things were happening at once the Force was becoming clouded, so when Kylo Ren snuck up on her she wasn’t able to be prepared. His altered voice courtesy of his helmet startled her and she snapped her head around. Etta barely dodged an oncoming blow from his lightsaber and cartwheeled away from him in a graceful motion, then she drew her saber. Kylo had the next swipe on the ready and aimed for her legs. Etta maneuvered herself away from him then the two swiftly got caught up in a battle. The unfortunate part was that Kylo Ren was six foot three while Etta was only five foot three, which gave him a complete foot over her and gave him much more strength. When they were caught trying to push each other’s lightsaber away from their bodies, Etta had no avail. One of the vents on Kylo’s saber that blew out extra plasma cut into her right shoulder, and it eventually got so deep she lost all feeling in it all together. Then a wave of pain set in because Etta’s right arm had been completely cut off and was on the ground next to her. Etta fell to her knees and her dark brown cloak fell off of her shoulders. Kylo tangled his fingers in her hair and jerked her head back so she was looking directly at his mask. Even though it completely shielded onlookers from his face, Etta knew that he was smiling to himself underneath all the metal. “Coward.” Etta spat. “I’m not the one who’s been beaten.” Kylo said smugly. He turned his saber off and struck her across the face with it. Etta felt her face burn because his saber was still hot when he hit her, she felt her temple his the ground and her eyes were clouded with dark. +++ Annika and Lee ended up taking their fight to the lower parts of Cloud City where the air shafts were. The two were fighting on a platform that held them up from the endless abyss that was below and neither showed signs of stopping. Annika’s cheek was cut open and her left collar bone was sticking out of her skin on her chest; and not to mention her nose was undeniably broken. Lee was doing a little better but not much, the back of her knee was cut which made her limp and there was a burn scar on the side of her forehead which was given to her by Annika’s lightsaber. Now the two were in an endless battle of fighting in short bursts and then trying to push their lightsabers towards the other person, and trying to push the others away from themselves. Both were screaming, not even words but were just screaming which helped Chewie find out where they two of them were. He ran in to find the two girls shouting who knows what and grunting. Annika felt his presence though and took out her blaster and fired it at the hairy beast. It hit his side and made Lee scream even louder and do a kickflip off the wall behind her so she could hit Annika in the face with her foot and then run to the aid of her friend. Chewie was on the ground moaning out in pain but he motioned for Lee to keep fighting. Lee took out her own blaster and hot it at Annika while Annika was firing at her, then when the two got close enough they were back at it again with the lightsaber dueling. The fight dragged on and eventually Annika had the upperhand. Lee was on her knees trying to push Annika’s saber away with her blue one. She had turned off the Dragite one a little while ago so she had more leverage with her swing because she would have a longer hilt. Annika’s eyes were filled with rage and frustration while Lee’s were filled with sadness and the feeling of betrayal. Both had clenched teeth and white-knuckled grips around their sabers, and both were piercing into each other’s eyes. “This is what it should be like!” Annika screamed over the sound of Chewies moans, Lee’s grunts, and the two beams fighting against each other. “You should be kneeling to me! You should always fall on your knees for the First Order! For Kylo Ren! For me!” She said in a chilling tone. Lee closed her eyes and opened them to see her friends face that was so full of rage. Lee remembered her old friend, so calm and peaceful and full of joy. Lee thought of the cool toned scenery of Hoth, and the icy wind against her cheeks, not the harsh air she was feeling against her skin now that was hot and burning. Annika started to push harder and her lightsaber blade started to cut into Lee’s left shoulder. Lee cried out in pain and gazed into her friend's eyes. Lee started to cry, partially because of the pain but mostly because of what things had come to. “I will never bow to someone like you.” She said with tears overflowing her eyes. “There is no one like me.” Annika replied harshly. Lee closed her eyes and blinked out the oncoming tears. She wallowed in the wonderful memories she had shared with Annika and looked up at Annika, opened her mouth, and said, “There are always people like you.” And she said it so innocently, so pure, and so raw it cut right into Annika. Then Lee slid her hand down her saber and twisted the bottom half away from the top in one swift motion, turned the Dragite crystal on, twirled it around, and then pierced it into Annika’s stomach. Annika’s strength gave out and Lee pierced the Permafrost crystal part of her lightsaber into Annika’s right shoulder. Lee was silent but her lips were parted, Annika reached up and touched her friends face and tears fell down her cheeks. Lee started to shake while she stood up again which made her eye level with Annika. At that moment time stopped all together. Both of them blocked out all sound and just looked at each other. Then Lee twisted both sabers and Annika bellowed out the sound of immense pain and her body slowly went limp. She dropped her saber to the ground and her hand fell from Lee’s face. Lee took the lightsabers out of Annika and both fell to the ground. Annika was resting in Lee’s lap and for their last moments together, they rekindled their friendship. Lee held Annika’s hand and Annika held her hand with the last bit of strength she had left within her. “Promise me that you’ll never forget me because if I thought you would, I’d never leave.” Annika spoke softly. Lee sobbed. “It always is harder to be the one left behind than be the one to go.” Lee said back in a hushed tone. Annika’s hand went limp and her eyes fluttered shut. Lee’s gut churned and she let out the most ghastly scream one could ever comprehend. The marbled floors shuttered and groaned which caused Chewie to sit up. Cain staggered into the room and saw Lee clutching to Annika’s lifeless body and Chewie holding his side. “We have to go Lee! We have to go or we will die!” He cried out in agony. Lee threw her head back and continued to cry loudly because of her loss and the amount of physical pain she was suffering from. “Lee we have to go now!” Cain reached down and helped Chewie stand up. All of the sudden Luke Skywalker himself rushed into the room and ran to Chewbacca’s side which allowed Cain to run to his friend. Holding out his hand Cain reached out to Lee, “Lee we have to leave now, Cloud City is crashing because of all the hits it has taken.” Lee grasped at Annika’s cloak and let out another terrifying scream. “We have to give her a proper funeral!” She wailed. “We will, but we have to leave now or there will be no proper funeral!” Cain shouted. He slapped Lee across the face and forced her to look at him, “We have to go.” He said sternly. Lee complied and hefted Annika’s lifeless body over her shoulder. They could already feel the floor dropping beneath them. Running up stairs and trying to reach higher ground and find Poe who said he would wait for his brother, the two struggled to reach the flight deck. Rey who also ended up waiting for them took Annika from Lee and took her onto the Millennium Falcon while Cain ran into the ship with her. Lee threw herself into the cockpit of her craft and took off with the others just in time for the landing pad to fall beneath them. The group raced up into space trying to fall away from the oncoming debris. “Where are we even going?” Atlas shouted over coms “Tatooine, Leia already got people to move the remaining things from D’Qar and everything we had here at the City when we evacuated everyone on Bespin a few hours ago.” Poe shouted back. Everyone typed in their coordinates and rammed into hyperdrive as soon as possible, and the crew flew among the stars. +++ The medical team that was with the Resistance was able to preserve Annika’s body by freezing it while the rest of the Resistance got settled into their new base. When everyone got to D’Qar they realized Etta was not with them. Rey reported that whenever Etta hit the ground and went back into the city her com got shut off and she was officially reported missing in action two weeks after the Resistance got to D’Qar. So while the primary goal for the Rebels was to stop the First Order, it was also mandatory that they find Etta Engelward in the meantime. Annika eventually did get her proper Jedi funeral and was burned wearing the proper Jedi attire, while the rest of her old clothes were burned separately. Everything except Annika’s black cloak which Lee took for herself. For a brief moment in time her best friend became her worst enemy, and she would never forget her friend. The funeral was sad and filled with endless amounts of tears coming from everyone. Annika’s parents were never told her daughter went to the Dark Side though, everyone in the Resistance agreed they shouldn’t have to carry a burden like that. As for Cain Dameron he finally took up the position of being a simple ship engineer. He was good at it and he like everyone else agreed that his spy days were over. He was ridiculously compromised and wanted something safer. It took a load off of Poe and Lee’s chests, and both Cain and Lee were rather fond of no longer having to say tearful goodbyes and were happy with being within each other’s company all the time. Atlas took it upon herself to be head of operations for finding Etta. She took every lead she could find and did multiple stealth searches on the First Order Burnin Konn base and each time came up empty. Etta could be on the other side of the galaxy for all she knew, but this didn’t blow out her flame. Atlas was determined she would find Etta no matter the cost, even if it was her own life. Poe continued to teach Finn how to pilot and Rey taught Finn how to meditate over his lightsaber. The three continued to do missions together and stay close. All of them helped Atlas continue her search for Etta and in the meantime would help younglings learn how to pilot crafts, the Resistance would always and forever be in need of Pilots. They dropped like mayflies. Rey herself taught Lee Zheutlin how to do one thing in particular, Rey taught Lee how to scavenge. The Resistance had taken one of the worst hits they had been blown in years and the Rebels were just a bunch of highly trained volunteers, so they were truly broke. After Annika’s funeral Lee had become quiet and would preoccupy herself by teaching Can how to wield a lightsaber. Leia told Rey about all the financial problems the Resistance had and figured Lee would like to scavenge, she knew almost every aircraft ever built in and out anyways so all she had to know was how much each part was worth and how to get away with stealing things. Lee caught on as how to scavenge and went on missions alone frequently so she could get whatever parts were needed for whatever the Resistance needed to build. So once again, the Resistance and the First Order itself became eerily silent as it once was before.