It all started with a jukebox. A simple jukebox. It wasn't very special or different. It was just like any old jukebox of the time. And yet, in the short span of three minutes and thirty two seconds, it became a cultural icon. Leia Organa, at the time known as the artist Princess, brought into the world, a brand new music video that became a massive sensation. Everything, from the long flowing white dress, to the iconic double buns, and to the little blue and white jukebox she crouches before to start the music, lovingly called R2D2 because of the little identification numbers and letters on the side. The song itself was catchy, and still was considered a classic, although it was ultimately the music video that made it so popular. Leia sang about a man, a friend of her father's, named Obi Wan, who she had had a crush on during her teenage years, talking about how he was her only hope, to get through something or other. The lyrics always got a little unclear near the middle, but it was obvious she had been fond of him. Obi Wan himself had been rather embarrassed, although, and he would never admit this to anyone, not even to his wife, Satine, who personally found it to be rather funny, that it was just a little flattering. Although that didn't prevent his being annoyed whenever someone would sing it while he was in a meeting. The song made Leia a star, and although the rest of her songs weren’t always as good as her first, she remained a generational icon for years. Eventually her style had changed from pop to more of an indie style of music, but that was near the end of her career. Unlike some other artists of her time, she eventually retired, some time after she had gotten married to Han Solo, another musician, and a friend of her brother. Han wasn’t much of a singer, but he did play the electric guitar, known to him as the Falcon, in the popular-to-your-teenage-son and/or edgy daughter (although everyone seemed to have a favourite song of theirs, no matter who they were) band called The Kessel Run. It didn’t have a particular style, although it was best compared to the Beastie Boys in style. His friend Lando was the lead singer, as he had the strongest voice out of them all. Han’s other friend, a very hairy man, who spoke a language that only Han seemed to be able to understand, nicknamed Chewie, played the drums. They used to have another member, Greedo, but after he had and Han had gotten into a fist fight, Greedo had left the band. To this day, there was an argument about who had started the fight, and most of the fans proudly argued that it had been Han who had started the fight, after Greedo had insulted Leia, back when the couple was still dating. In comparison to today’s celebrity couples, Han and Leia managed to live their life pretty peacefully, able to walk without constantly being hounded by the media, only having a few pictures and managing a small wedding. That being said, the few published pictures of the ceremony were plastered everywhere for days, all headlined with ‘MUSIC MERGER MARRIAGE OF THE MILLENIA’. It obviously wasn’t that big of a deal, except to Han and Leia, but they wanted to sell magazines all about it. And nothing sells like a magazine that just talks about how they can only infer so much about a private celebrity marriage. After that, they retired, letting Luke take over for the musical part of the family. Luke had been raised by his aunt and uncle for much of his life before their tragic deaths in a house fire. He was taken in by his father, Anakin, and was raised with his twin sister. Anakin wanted Luke to join his business, but Luke was frankly more interested in the violin. Luke was a legend when it came to the orchestra, and when he finally stopped playing, he became a composer. He never married, and it was soon learned that he was asexual. He was lucky enough to not be very followed by the press, probably because of the lack of pop culture surrounding classical. He was basically just Leia’s geeky brother to the world. The trio each weaved their way into a piece of respective music history. Luke continued his work, having started to teach kids to play orchestral music as well as compose. Leia retired to raise her son, although, needing to do something, soon started the Resistance Record Label Company, Han, eventually unable to resist the glory days, starting something of a garage band with his old friends. Meanwhile, another record label was being started up, and it was called the First Order… Now onto the next generation. Compared to the first generation, they weren’t anything overly special. When stripped down to nothing but the basics, there were lots of similarities in their lives, in the things they did. The only difference was how complicated everything became. Poe Dameron was the first of them all to be born. He was born in Guatemala to Kes Dameron and Shara Bey. After the death of his mother when he was six, he and his Papa immigrated to the United States. Once Poe had gone through college, Kes had moved back to Guatemala, buying their home once again in a stroke of luck. Sometimes Poe would go back when he had the time. When he was growing up, he had listened to Princess’ music, even though she had since retired to raise her son by the time he first started listening to her. Like anyone who was a fan of her, he loved ‘My Only Hope’ a lot, and frequently sang it. It didn't exactly make him popular in school. Most of his favorite songs, though, were from more of her indie era, and as he developed his own style, he borrowed a lot from it. So far he had only released one EP album, spending the rest of his time working at the flower shop he had bought off a friend who was going to France. He missed his friend, sure, but on the bright side, it came with an apartment, so he and his dog could live just upstairs. Every night, he would work away at a song, writing and writing and testing and playing. Ben was the second to be born. Now, this is really where the shit starts to hit the fan. He started off fine, caused little trouble (as far as his parents thought), and soon started to learn to play the violin from his Uncle Luke. He seemed to be a prodigy. And then things got weird. Soon he started losing interest in classical, and started listening to very peculiar music. The singers would scream every word, and blare the electric guitar to a point where it was painful. Han was excited when Ben seemed to show interest in the guitar, but it soon shifted to concern with his treatment of the instrument. When the time came for him to be an adult, he left his family completely, making a name for himself among every angry teenager in the world, and becoming the main client of the First Order. It wasn’t that bad, not at all, to his family, until a video surfaced of Ben, straight up drunk, making fun of his mother. “Help me, Obi Juan - whoever the fuck you are - you’re my only, my only hoe.” he had slurred on camera. That was really when the parental relationship fell to pieces, and the family feud was so massive, that even the most factual of all news sites reported the gossip. Luke blamed himself. He was convinced that he had been too overbearing, too dedicated to teaching his only nephew about the things he loved, and that was what had drove him away. It wasn’t an unreasonable thought, after all, Luke had been adverse to the idea of working business, all because it was something his father had pushed on himself. He didn’t know what to do with his guilt, and so he left the school in the hands of an old friend of his father’s, Ahsoka Tano, who wasn’t as great as teaching, but could manage it, and vanished so he could just compose in peace. Finn was the third to be born. His mother, who had gotten pregnant after a one night stand and a failed condom, and abandoned by the father, had died in childbirth, and so he had grown up in the foster system, all alone. He had also been interested in music, but unwilling to ask for any instruments - he had learned from an early age that money was always an issue, and didn’t want to cause any issues for those who had taken him in - so he turned to writing instead. At first, he was nothing special. But he worked and worked, and he got better day by day. When he was finally in college, actually managing to get a writing scholarship (courtesy of his tragic backstory and his skills), he also started to write music, getting the band and orchestra students to test it out. A couple of companies began to notice him, and he was hired right out of college by the First Order record label to ‘write’ songs for their artists. And by ‘write’ they meant ‘make multiple first drafts until your original idea is marred beyond recognition’ It paid well, but more often than not, he hated what the job did to him. Now Rey was the youngest out of them all. She had been born to parents who had originally wanted her, but after they began understanding and dealing with the intense costs of raising a child, she found herself being ding dong ditched at an orphanage, and, to add insult to injury, told that they would come back. Maybe they might have, Maybe they wanted to be in a better financial situation for her, and they would have come back. But all that eventually mattered was that they didn’t. Rey grew up feeling lonely and isolated. She didn’t think she belonged there, that one day she would be brought home. But until then, she busied herself with whatever she wanted. One day, she found an old, beat up looking violin in the trash outside of a nice looking home, and started to teach herself. It became obvious that she was a prodigy, and soon she was making a name for herself at only 16. By the time she started college, she had a multitude of scholarships, and breezed through. When she met Finn five years later, she would find that for the briefest year, they had been in the same college. She continued to perform, taking a job with the Brooklyn Symphony, under a grumpy composer named Unkar, who had the passion, but not in the best way. She dreamed of one day performing solos, putting herself into the world. These four young people were about to catapult into some serious drama. When compared to their previous generations, the similarities are striking, but they’ll only grow as time goes on. As said by Blink-182,“The past is only the future with the lights on.” Chapter 2 Summary: A lawsuit, a misunderstanding, and we're off! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe Dameron was pissed. Abso-fucking-lutely pissed. He worked hard, real hard, to write his lyrics, and less than two weeks after his first EP is released, almost the exact same line is sang, Poe would more argue that it was screeched, in one of Ben Solo’s - now Kylo Ren - songs. It had taken him forever to come up with that lyric, and some spoiled, bratty, unappreciative, emo jerk was not going to take that from him. No way. At first he had gone to the First Order Label headquarters, and simply informed them of what had happened, and requested that the song maybe be re-released with a different line instead. He tried to be as cordial as possible; wore his only suit and tie, spoke politely, brought both lyrics to show, and what had he gotten in return? A big ‘Fuck off’, that’s what. Not in those words, exactly, but more in a ‘There’s no real correlation between the two, so don’t waste our time’. No real correlation his ass. Two very similar sounding sentences, less than a month between each other? It was too much. And so, he got a lawyer, and decided to have an actual meeting. And so he was struggling to get dressed into a nice looking suit, his corgi, BeeBee, bouncing and dancing at his feet eagerly, thinking they were going to go for a walk. He had to work to inform his queen - with the way he spoiled her, and the way her big eyes could get him to do anything, she essentially owned his ass anyways - that, no, they were not going for a walk, and she couldn’t go with him. He was already an indie/folk singer, if he brought his spoiled corgi into an important meeting, then no one would take him seriously in the slightest. He had a meeting with the head of First Order, Snoke, Kylo Ren himself, their lawyers, and a representative of the song writers they had. Taking a breath to steel himself, he grabbed a satchel to hold the printed lyrics pages, as well as his own handwritten work, and headed out of the apartment, locking the door to keep BeeBee, bless her heart, from following after him. ---- “Nose goes!” … Finn looked up from his laptop to see that all of his coworkers had a finger to their nose. Trent, or Slip, as they called him, had actually smacked himself in the nose with his entire hand. Classic Slip. But Finn didn’t have a hand to his nose at all. “Wait what? No, wait, shit, redo, redo!” He knew what they were ‘nose going’ about. Who was going to represent them in the little case that some folk singer put against them. Finn, like the rest of them, had thought it was going to just be something small, but now they were all being dragged in. Kylo had been furious about the lawsuit, as had Snoke, the lawyer, Hux, and their manager, Phasma. They’d all said that they hadn’t plagiarized, said that they were completely innocent in this case, but they were still ending up on the hot seat. And now someone needed to represent them. “No. No. No, no, no, absolutely not. I am not going to do this. I have no charisma,” “Liar,” “Don’t make me do this.. If I screw up, Phasma will have my ass!” “Well, now we really want to have you do it.” Finn looked around at them all, slumping in defeat as he realized he wouldn’t be getting any help. “Fine. Fine, fine, fine.” he grumbled, aggressively grabbing their notes and evidence to prove their innocence before stomping away. It’s not that he hated his job, it’s just.. He disliked it very strongly. His work friends were alright, but they all seemed a little disillusioned with the work. It was his roommate Rey, who had first pointed out to him that the work wasn’t good. And it wasn’t. Sometimes Finn would work day and night on a song to write, and he would turn it in only to get: “This is very nice, but it would be even better if you completely changed it.” It was hell. Well paying hell, though. He’d even been able to pay of his school debt with the money. Technically, he didn’t even need to still live with Rey. But he did enjoy the company. He made his way to the smallest conference room (which still was pretty large), which he took as a way of saying that they really didn’t think much of Poe Dameron. The room itself had a long table, which could easily seat five people on either side, and the walls were decorated with awards and gold albums and decor, meant to impress, or in this case, intimidate. Ren, Snoke, Hux, and Phasma were already there, each of them turning to pin him with an icy stare. He just about shrank under their gaze before taking a deep breath and walking further into the room, taking the last seat at the very end of the table, setting his notes before him. The wait was awkward and silent, full of unspoken tension. It made Finn uncomfortable. When the door finally opened, Finn felt a plethora of different emotions: Relief that he was freed from the awkward waiting session was dread, because now he was required to talk and present his information, confusion, because Poe Dameron did not look like the loser that Finn had expected him to be, and shock paired with said confusion because, in the wise wise words of Squidward Tentacles, “Oh no, he’s hot!” And hot he was. Like god, fucking, damn. He had the features of a painting. He was the kind of guy that you would see shirtless on the cover of a shitty romance novel, but in the best way. His hair was curly and wavy, and Finn would bet his student loans that it was soft. Suddenly his mind went into a completely different directions, and all he could think about was running his fingers through those curls, gripping his hair tight and tugging, putting a look on his face that was… hopefully different than the one he was being given right now. Poe was giving him and the others on his side of the table a stony, cold, glare. It was subtle, but the folk singer was obviously pissed off with them all. After a moment, Finn’s admiration of his general body and features vanished, and he grew defensive. How dare he give them that look! The writers hadn’t done anything; this singer was making a mountain out of a molehill. How dare he even give Finn that look. Up until now, he hadn’t even known who he was; how could he have done anything?! Finn looked back just as coldly, his lips forming a thin line and his eyes glaring back. Dameron didn’t seem to waver, and for that, Finn gained back a little more respect, because he didn’t think it was possible for someone to hold up under Phasma’s, Hux’s, Ren’s, and Snoke’s glares all at once. Lord knows he barely could. Dameron and his lawyer sat down across the table from them. Finn didn’t recognize the lawyer; a light skinned Asian woman with long black hair and a certain fierceness in her eyes. To be honest, Finn already liked her, and she wasn’t even on his side. She reminded him of Rey, and, once more mourning the circumstances of the situations, he thought that the two would make a good blind date for each other. ---- Poe arrived early. His Papa had always stressed the importance of being punctual. Evidently there was some stereotype of Hispanics and Latinx being late, and his Papa hated proving stereotypes. He met his friend, Jess, who worked as a lawyer, and had agreed to represent him, outside of the massive building. As they walked in, Poe could tell that this place was so corporate. Everyone wore fancy suits and had the same blank expression. Poe and Jess exchanged a look as they arrived. Finally, they entered the correct meeting room, stepping through the door. The size of the room was surprising. It wasn’t quite as daunting as Poe had expected from the massive company. There were a lot of awards hanging in the room, which were serving their purpose well in intimidating anyone who came in. Poe could feel tendrils of hopelessness start to creep in around him, and looked to the other people in the room, seeking distraction. He didn’t like what he saw any more than he liked the awards. Ren, he recognized easily. His large nose and shoulder length black hair made him very recognizable. He was more formal than he was in his usual music videos, but his suit was entirely black, obviously sticking to his overall theme. Next to him was a very old, frail looking man, who had a long scar on his face, and was shaved completely bald. It wasn’t a good look. His scalp looked like week old oatmeal, and Poe couldn’t look at him for too long. There was also a haughty looking ginger, who looked like he was constantly smelling something awful, and was wearing a greatcoat over his suit, like he was going to go into a winter landscape at any given second. In all fairness, the air conditioning in the building was a little over the top. On the other side of Ren was a woman with cropped blonde hair and cold blue eyes, and wearing a silver pantsuit. On anyone else, it would’ve looked ridiculous, but she somehow managed to pull it off. Not that Poe thought it was a very fashionable choice in the first place, but that wasn’t his business. And next to her, he saw one of the most good looking guys he’d ever seen in his life. He had dark skin and thick lips, black hair cut short, a line shaved on either side along his temple, and otherwise strong features. If this were any other situation, Poe would’ve have said a line - possibly a lyric from one of his own unpublished songs - and asked for his number. But this wasn’t the time. The man was staring at him with a blank faced expression, and Poe felt himself shift under his gaze before bristling. Were they really all that blank? Or was the man just looking at him like that because he didn’t have a thought to spare on him. He had no doubt that was the case. It was obvious that everyone here considered him musical lower class. That was something he despised, and he glared at him. For a moment, confusion flickered through the man’s face, and then he glared coldly back. The coldness of the look was actually shocking at how it changed his face, going beyond any form of just a simple intense look and marring his face. Instantly, Poe could understand that his face just wasn’t meant for angry looks, and that most of his faces were on the other side of the emotional spectrum. He didn’t let up, though, but he did direct his look to the others, who were giving him equally steely looks. Jess cleared her throat, and suddenly the overly tense spell was broken, all of them directing their gazes elsewhere. The two of them took their seats on the opposite sides of the table, sitting straight and stiff, the two sides engaging in another stare down before beginning. ---- Finn left the meeting feeling cautiously confident. It seemed to have gone well. Granted, they still had a lot of meetings to go before they could settle this - Dameron didn’t seem to have any desire to let this go any time soon - and get on with their lives. At least they were just talking now, and not bringing things into court. Best to try and settle this on their own. He needed to work on his contributions, though. Everytime he had something to say, it always sounded awkward and fake in his ears. Or maybe that was just him. When Finn returned to his desk, his coworkers all surrounded him, demanding to know every possible detail. He told them a couple things, but ended up saying that he couldn’t legally tell them much. Was it true? No. But he didn’t want to be bothered anymore. And for some stupid reason, his mind kept flicking back to Poe Dameron. He couldn’t decide if he disliked him or if he wanted to kiss him until his lips were sore and swollen. Eventually he decided to leave it at the first one, and not even think about the second one. The last thing he needed was to get involved with someone on the opposite side of a legal issue. That wasn’t even a recipe for disaster; it was like a microwaveable meal for disaster. And besides, even if Finn didn’t care about the consequences, it wasn’t like Dameron would want anything. Hell, he probably hated him for representing the very people he was accusing in the first place. He sighed softly. It didn’t matter. Soon enough, this would end, and they would win, and he wouldn’t have to think about that gorgeous folk singer ever again. Because he didn’t like him. Nope. He really didn’t like him, and Dameron didn’t like him either, obviously, so there was nothing to worry about. For all Finn knew, he was probably straight. At least, that was what he told himself as he headed back to his apartment after work. Poe Dameron definitely hated him, and was very much straight. And that was just fine, because Finn hated Dameron too. So there was nothing to worry about. Right? Notes: Guys, I just wanted to leave this note for you. I know things are rough today, and I want everyone to honestly know we can get through this. We need to look out for people, and if federal funding falls through for anything, for the arts, for Planned Parenthood, then it is up to us to donate. If something is wrong, if you're being treated wrong, fight it wherever you have to. I'll be fighting with you. Don't lose hope. Fight for what you believe in. This won't last, and when history looks back, we'll be the ones who stood up, and we'll be on the right side of history. I love you all, and if you ever need to talk, I'm always available. Notes: Title is from Arthur O'Shaughnessy's Ode, and quoted by Gene Wilder, may he rest in peace, in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.