“This is for your own good, Ben,” his mother had said to him as she stroked his hair and smiled at him sadly just before sending him away from home even when he’d insisted that he’d rather stay and endure the trouble with her. “You shouldn’t have to endure this,” she’d said just before that, when she’d decided that he’d somehow be better getting sent off to someplace far away; far from home, far from her, far from the rest of the world. As if she could protect him just by sending him away to a place he’s never been. “At least the media won’t be able to get to you there,” she’d said because the days after it’d been revealed that Leia Organa is a daughter of Darth Vader, all kinds of journalists had bombarded him with questions, asking him for comments, asking him how he feels, going so far as to ambush him right outside of school, making him unable to go out at all because the media will follow him everywhere. She’d decided then to send him away as if that would make him feel any safer, when he’d have to be alone in a place where he’s a stranger. “Trust me on this,” she’d said because she always thinks that she knows best, that she’s always right, and no matter how much she loves him, she never actually listens to him. So now he’s on his way to some boarding school, sullenly looking out the window as he watches the scenery outside pass him by. He’s angry at her, and she knows that he’s angry at her, but that didn’t change her mind because she always has the last word, and she’d somehow rather have him angry at her just so she can have her own way. She never listens to him. “We’re here,” the driver says after they’ve travelled for what feels like forever, and some pretentious woman who introduces herself as the principal of the school greets him and tells him what an honor it is to have the son of Leia Organa attending their school, and Ben glares at her until she gets the hint to shut up, and she gives him his timetable, shows him to the dormitories and tells him that his classes officially start tomorrow. Ben spends his first night in his dorm room restlessly, unable to sleep until very late into the night, hating that he’s here instead of his room at home, hating that he’s suddenly been cut off from the world, suddenly feels like he’s gone blind and deaf, hating that he will probably have to hear everything that’s going on through the media and not his own fucking mother. He’s still angry when he sleeps, and he doesn’t answer his mother’s call that night, deciding to ignore her until she changes her mind and lets him come back home. He goes to his classes the next day and he has to be introduced in each one of them, and he glares at every single one of his classmates especially because the moment they hear his last name, recognition immediately lights up their eyes, and he knows that they somehow know about him. Fucking gossips, the lot of them. He doesn’t listen to his teachers and he glares at them whenever they make eye contact with him, daring every single one of them to call on him and feeling very smug when they break eye contact and pretend that he’s not there. None of his classmates approach him during breaks but he knows that they’re talking about him behind his back, and whenever anyone even dares to glance his way, he glares at them until they turn away because he hates every single one of them. He doesn’t want to be here therefore he doesn’t want to be friends with any of these pretentious assholes. When lunch time comes, he goes to the cafeteria, gets his food, and goes into the dining area, meaning to kick out anyone if it so happens that there’s no remaining seats anymore. But nothing happens as planned because he sees a shock of red hair and when he turns to look properly at the owner of that hair, he knows immediately that it’s the son of the asshole who have revealed his mother’s origins to the world. So he goes and stomps straight towards the asshole, puts his food down their table, and decks the redhead the moment he looks up, hitting him right on his left cheek and sending him stumbling off his chair. There is commotion after that, someone screams something, but Ben doesn’t register any of this. He just goes to pick up the redhead by his collar and punches him on his other cheek, meaning to beat him up to an inch of his life, but then someone pulls him off before he’s able to land a third punch, and he only struggles to get out of the grip of the arms that’s holding him, but when he’s let go, he doesn’t go after the redhead again. His knuckles are aching even after just a single punch on each hand—this asshole has strong cheeks—and he watches as someone helps the redhead get back up to his feet, and Ben feels glad to see that the redhead’s lower lip is bleeding. Strangely enough, the redhead doesn’t look angry, but more like annoyed. He wipes at his lower lip, winces when he sees that his hand comes back with blood, and then he glares at Ben. “What’s the matter with you?” he demands imperiously, as if between him and Ben he is still somehow superior even though he’s the one who has a bloody lip, and a twin spots of bruises blooming on his cheeks. “You’re that asshole’s son,” Ben spits out in answer, glaring right back. He hates the arrogance on him, the haughty air that he has about him even when his tie is crooked and his hair is out of place. It reminds Ben of the redhead’s father, of seeing them together on the news, always so smug and proud even though almost everyone in this country hates them. The redhead’s expression clears as if Ben’s explanation is enough for him to understand the reasoning behind Ben’s actions. Ben doesn’t doubt he knows what his own father has done. They’ve probably celebrated together, the fuckers. But then the redhead asks, “And you are?” with such dismissive tone, as if he’s just asking it for the sake of formalities, like he’s not even really interested to know who Ben is. Ben boils with anger and he has the urge to punch him again, almost launches himself at him. Instead he answers, “I’m Ben Organa-Solo.” The redhead’s expression brightens and he smirks , looking absolutely delighted. Ben moves to have a go at him again but someone holds him back by the arm so Ben growls at him, full of threat. “Good to meet you,” the redhead says, still smirking, still looking so fucking smug. “Yes, I am that asshole’s son, Hux.” Hux, yes. That’s his name. Ben ought to never forget it. The principal hears about the ‘altercation’ between Ben and Hux and they both get called to the principal’s office to get lectured. Well, Hux gets all the lecture and Ben has to listen to the principal talk about how she’s very disappointed in him for getting into a fight with a first year when he’s a fourth year, and Hux—the weirdo that he is—stays quiet and takes the scolding without even correcting her. So Ben takes the matter into his own hand and very angrily tells the principal that he’s the one who attacked Hux, for fuck’s sake, can’t she see that only Hux is injured here? The principal looks at Ben, disgruntled, and Hux smirks at him. Ben gets angrier because he feels like he’s walked right into a trap that Hux has laid out for him, and they both walk out of the principal’s office with Hux free of blame, and Ben clutching a detention paper. “Your parents will be informed of this,” the principal said to Ben before they left, and Ben thinks mutinously that he doesn’t fucking care, until an idea hits him like a train. Maybe if he gets into enough trouble, he’ll get kicked out of this stupid school, and then he’ll be able to go home. Ben returns to his own room with that idea in mind except that he then discovers that he doesn’t fucking know how to get into trouble. Maybe he can keep attacking Hux. Maybe he should attack the other students. But he doesn’t really have a reason to do that even though he hates the lot of them, and attacking Hux will probably get very boring very soon. But maybe if it gets him out of here. So the next day during lunch, Ben goes to Hux’s table again, obviously looking for trouble, and some boys get on Ben’s way and tells him to stay away from Hux or they’ll beat him up. Ben is not afraid of them. They may be a bunch of fourth years, but Ben is big for his age, just as tall as them, maybe even taller, and Ben took martial arts when he was younger so he knows how to fucking fight. When Ben doesn’t go away and continues to try and move towards Hux, some boy shoves him forcefully away, and Ben thinks that’s incentive enough to attack the boy. Ben doesn’t get in a fight with Hux but that’s okay because Ben still very much does get in a fight, and it gets him to go to the principal’s office again, and he gets out of the office with another detention slip and another call to his parents. Ben continues to go to try and harass Hux the next few weeks, although he never really actually gets to Hux because the boys always stop him first and Hux seems to have a lot of boys protecting him. He still ends up in the principal’s office three more times though until the principal’s finally had enough and tells Ben that she’ll call his mother to come personally to the school to discuss his behavior. Ben doesn’t mind. He wants his mother to take him home. On the day that Ben doesn’t actually approach Hux, Hux seeks him out and tells him that he wants to talk privately. Hux’s boys look very reluctant and even disagreeing to Hux being alone with Ben, but they seem to know that nothing that they’ll say is going to stop Hux. Ben agrees and Hux leads him to a flight of stairs where he says no one uses at this time, and he goes to lean against the railing with his arms crossed across his chest, a picture of ease that makes Ben want to punch him on the face again because he should very well be afraid of what Ben can do to him. “I know what you’re doing,” Hux says to him and he looks at Ben as if he can see right through him and Ben glares at him, wants to punch him for looking at him like that. “I doubt that it’ll work, but if it does, then I’ll be glad to see you go. If it doesn’t, come back to me and not with your fists. There are other ways for you to get out of this school, and it doesn’t have to involve violence.” “Are you actually offering to help me?” “That’s right. It’s not without benefit for me, of course. And I’m tired of you using me and my friends for a cause that does no benefit to anyone but you.” Ben scoffs at that because even when he never managed to get to Hux, he can still see him. “‘Friends’. You don’t even really think of them as that.” Hux just shrugs, unbothered. “We’re all satisfied enough. Come to me when your stupid actions don’t work. I can help you be smarter.” He leaves after saying that and Ben glares after him. Hux obviously thinks that he’s so very cool, but Ben thinks otherwise. Ben is told that his mother will be coming to the school when classes are over on Thursday and that he’s required to be there while the principal talks with his mother. Ben can’t wait for Thursday to come and he practices what he will say to his mother in his head, what words he should use to get her to listen to him, how he should deliver his words. When Thursday comes, Ben is on the best mood he’s ever been ever since he came to this school, but it seems to be the exact opposite for his mother. She looks thunderous when Ben sees her in the principal’s office, and he can tell that she’s angry even when she keeps her expression empty as the principal tells her what Ben has done and explains the disciplinary actions that they might have to take. His mother asks the principal to give Ben another chance to stay in the school, and Ben gets angry, opens his mouth ready to argue his case, but his mother shuts him up with one mutinous look, and Ben closes his mouth, fuming, while his mother continues to negotiate his case with the principal. In the end, it’s decided that Ben gets to stay, and he is stewing with anger as he and his mother walks out of the principal’s office. “I’m doing this to protect you!” his mother tells him without her previous gentleness with him anymore, and Ben swivels around to shout back at her, his planned words and delivery going out the window. “I don’t need protection, I’m not a child! I can fucking take the media, take whatever bullshit they’re saying in the news—you’re the one who thinks I’m too weak for anything! You never listen to me!” But she only gets angrier and more frustrated with him, and her controlled voice only serves to make Ben angrier because he doesn’t need to be shielded away from her anger too. “I know what I’m doing Ben, and when I say this is for the best, then this is for the best. You just have to trust me, okay?” Ben pulls at his own hair and angrily stomps away from her, not turning back when she calls after him and just continues walking away. He ends up at the staircase where he and Hux talked a few days back, and he punches the wall there until his hands are in pain and then until he can’t even feel the pain anymore. He only stops when he can’t lift his hands anymore, when they’re so numb that he can’t feel anything other than tingles from them, and he stands there panting and still unsatisfied, wanting to break something. “How do you feel?” Ben turns around so fast he gets dizzy and when his vision clears, he sees Hux smirking at him from the stairs above him, leaning over the railing, posing like a fucking model. Ben scowls at him but he’s not really as angry as he was before. He just feels drained now. Tired. “You’re a mess,” Hux continues when Ben doesn’t say anything. “Are you even aware that you’re crying?” Ben frowns and raises a trembling hand to his face, curses when he feels the dampness there. He tries to wipe away his tears, only for the pain to come back to his hands and he cries out, more tears coming to his eyes as he stares at his bruised hands helplessly. Hux tuts his tongue from above him. “Come with me,” he says and climbs a few steps, stopping when he notices that Ben isn’t following him. “What are you waiting for?” he asks impatiently. Ben glares up at him. “Where are you taking me?” “You need help with that,” Hux says, pointing at Ben’s hands. “I’m offering.” Ben waits for a few more moments before he follows Hux, scowling all the way. Instead of bringing him to a school infirmary which Ben thought Hux would, he leads Ben back to the dorms instead, towards a room Ben highly suspects is Hux’s own room. “Is this your room?” he asks anyway when they get there. “Oh no, this is some random student’s room.” When Ben just stares at him, he rolls his eyes. “Of course it’s my own room. Idiot.” Ben glowers at him even as he does as Hux instructs him to do and goes to sit on the bed while Hux goes into an adjoining bathroom and coming back out with a towel. And then he opens a mini-fucking-fridge which makes Ben bulk because what the fuck? “Why do you have a fucking fridge in your room?” he demands. Hux grins over at him as he wraps the ice in the towel and goes over to sit beside Ben and gingerly takes Ben’s hand in his. Ben is a little surprised that he’s being gentle. “There are benefits to being a good student and a good son of a rich bastard as it happens. You should take notes. And besides that, you’re not the only one who needs patching up sometimes.” Ben is not sure if Hux is talking about himself or some other students he’s brought to his room before to help ‘patch’ them up. He winces and curses at the coldness when Hux presses the towel against his knuckles, and he almost wishes that Hux is being rough on him just so he can have a reason to be angry at him. “Why are you helping me?” he asks when the coldness starts to feel good and when he starts feeling awkward for having his hand held. Hux’s hand is not that much warmer than the ice. “There are benefits to be had,” Hux answers mysteriously, being a bastard. “Like what?” Ben asks impatiently. Hux rolls his eyes again and looks at Ben like he’s dumb. Ben glares back at him. “You’re a slow one, aren’t you?” “And you’re annoying and irritating and a fucking bastard. Why can’t you just tell me?” “Very well,” he says with exaggerated patience and Ben really wants to punch him. “Our parents hate each other, don’t they? So if we become friends, they will be very scandalized, and maybe Organa will pull you out just to get you out of my influence.” “What’s in it for you?” “I was getting there.” Ben should really just punch him. “What’s ‘in it’ for me is that father will be most displeased but he won’t be able to do anything about it because he can’t pull me out when I’m on my last year already, so he’ll just have to live with the knowledge that I’m friends with an Organa. And then perhaps all of my ideas and actions that he doesn’t approve of will be blamed on you.” “So I’m your scapegoat.” “That’s right. It is important to me for father to think that I am an innocent, faultless boy, so you’ll have to take all the blame.” “You’re a fucking coward for not standing up against your father.” Hux snorts and smiles at him wryly. “You’re young yet. You don’t understand.” He lets go of Ben’s hand and takes the other, pressing the ice against it. “There will come a time when I won’t have to listen to my father anymore whilst not having to sacrifice my comfort.” “So what, you’re being a good boy for your dad just so you can have that fridge in this room—” “And have this room at all, and be in this school at all, away from him and where he cannot lay a finger on me, yes. Unlike you, Organa, I don’t want to get out of this school. But that doesn’t mean that I can’t test my father’s patience and piss him off once in awhile.” Ben falls silent as he thinks about this and as he compares the boy that he sees on the news and the boy who’s in front of him now. Hux is not what he expects him to be. Arrogant and proud and irritating, yes, but still more than that somehow. Ben hates him, but maybe he’s starting to feel differently. “Wait, you want us to become friends ?” “Did that just occur to you?” Hux’s face scrunches up with concern and he asks, “How slow are you exactly? There may be benefits to becoming friends with you, but I don’t want to become friends with an idiot.” Ben does punch him this time, but only on his thigh and only very lightly because it still hurts to move his hand—he can’t even fully curl his fingers into a fist. “I fucking hate you.” Hux just laughs at him. Being friends with Hux apparently means sitting with him on his table during lunch and being surrounded by a bunch of fourth years that hates Ben’s guts, some of them having been a receiver to Ben’s punches. Ben ignores them determinedly while he sits right beside Hux and just listens to their strained conversations because they’re all too aware of Ben’s presence. When Ben looks to Hux to salvage the situation, he’s acting too aloof as if he doesn’t have a fucking clue of what’s going on in this table. Ben has the distinct feeling that Hux is actually enjoying the awkwardness because he’s a fucking sick bastard like that. The awkwardness doesn’t really last though when the boys have started getting used to Ben’s presence on their table. They’ve somehow collectively decided to just ignore Ben completely and exclude him in their conversations, not that Ben would be interested in joining in anyway. They talk too much about boring stuff that Ben doesn’t understand, ranging from what’s on the news on TV and their opinions on the matter to arguing with each other about philosophies whilst bringing up prominent persons who have said this and that in the past, providing citations and quoting things for fuck’s sakes. It doesn’t take long for Ben to realize that Hux and his friends are fucking nerds who have no life outside of their books, and Hux himself just reads when he’s not interested in the conversation in the table, or someone would come and ask Hux to help them with their homework and Hux would dedicate his time to actually helping that person. Ben doesn’t think this table could get any nerdier but when midterms come, the conversations completely die with all of them buried behind their books, muttering to themselves, and Ben has no fucking clue how any of them could study with the noise in the cafeteria. Ben gets very bored that he starts fantasizing about beating up every single one of them just for the hell of it. “Why aren’t you studying?” Hux asks him when he notices that the space in front of Ben on the table is empty. “Don’t you have midterm exams?” “Yeah, but I don’t have to study. I already know the stuff.” Hux frowns at him, disbelieving. “Like hell you do. What classes are you even taking?” “Isn’t it the same for everyone during first year? Math, General Science, English, Civics. Easy stuff.” “That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t study. Even if you already know them, you’re bound to make a mistake if you don’t study. Take out your books.” Ben groans and slumps down on the table. “I don’t have my books with me.” “Then go and get them.” When Ben doesn’t move, he adds very firmly, “Now.” Ben grumbles as he stands and decides that he will leave and not come back because he doesn’t want to get infected by their nerd germs. Hux seems to know what he’s thinking because he says, “I will hunt you down if you don’t come back, Organa. It’s as I said, I will not be friends with idiots.” Ben childishly sticks his tongue out at Hux and doesn’t come back when he leaves. He doesn’t believe that Hux really will hunt him down because surely, studying is more important than looking for Ben, but like in many other things that has to do with Hux, Ben is very wrong. He doesn’t even know how Hux knows his room number. “What the fuck are you doing here?” he demands when he opens the door to his room to find Hux standing outside. “I told you,” Hux says. “I will hunt you down. Midterms are next week and you should really study. I’ll even help you with them.” Ben groans and tries to close the door on Hux but Hux is unexpectedly strong and keeps Ben’s door open. “Hux, you’re not my fucking mom! Leave me and my grades alone!” “Shut up Ben, you will study and you will get good grades because I’ll only be friends with those who get A’s!” Ben ends up studying with Hux monitoring him for the rest of the week and he feels like absolute death but then he does so well in all of his exams that he gets so tempted to flunk all of them on purpose just to piss Hux off and to wipe the smug look on his face when he sees Ben’s exam papers. “Ah, A’s,” Hux says to him during lunch time, looking at Ben’s papers with pleasure like they’re his own. “Stop scowling Ben, you’ll be on the honor roll in no time!” When Ben gets a call from his mother right after this debacle, he answers for the first time since he arrives in this school because he feels the need to complain about Hux and his fucking nerd friends and his fucking obsession with A’s. His mother sounds so delighted when he hears Ben answer her call, but then her tone of voice steadily gets gloomier and gloomier the more Ben talks about Hux. He tells her that he’s recently become friends with him and that he’s a great guy and that Ben likes him very much—those are obviously lies but he has to keep an image to his mother that he’s very good friends with Hux or else their plan won’t work—and he complains that Hux is maybe too great of a guy. When their call ends, his mother sounds very confused, and Ben is very pleased, internally congratulating himself and Hux for the great plan, but he reminds himself that he still hates Hux. He hates him, but maybe he’s not really all that bad. Ben answers more of his mother’s calls after that, and he talks some more about Hux each time. His conversations with his mother becomes more and more awkward especially when he talks about Hux’s ideas and opinions on certain things that he knows she will disapprove of, but Ben thinks that everything is going as it should be. It’s not the first time that he’s wrong, but he’s not going to take all the blame himself this time. One night, when Ben finally finishes talking about what happened with Hux in between the time from his mother’s previous call to now, his mother very reluctantly says to him, “Listen Ben, I know that Hux senior and I are not in good terms, but it sounds to me that you like his son very much, and that maybe he’s actually a good influence on you rather than the opposite. I just want you to know that I’m okay that you’re friends with him.” Ben hangs up on her without warning and throws his phone angrily against the wall. He leaves his room to go and barge in on Hux’s, not even bothering to knock and just opens Hux’s door and enters where he finds Hux in nothing but black boxer briefs, lying down on top of his duvet with a book in hand. Ben falters for a moment when he sees Hux like this, but Hux doesn’t seem too bothered, frowning at Ben. “What are you doing here?” he asks. “Couldn’t you have knocked, at least?” Ben doesn’t even notice that his eyes have strayed down to Hux’s body, from his chest to his navel to the bulge in his briefs, and when his eyes snap back up to Hux’s, Hux has his eyebrows raised at him and Ben blushes to his ears and he pretends that he’s red not from embarrassment but from anger. He crosses his arms against his chest. “Your plan didn’t work,” he spits out. “My mother told me just now that she approves of our friendship and that you’re a good influence to me. She fucking thinks I actually like you!” Hux’s eyebrows are still raised as he asks, “Don’t you?” Ben heats up some more and he glares at Hux. “Of course not, you bastard, I fucking hate you!” Hux just nods thoughtfully at that, sitting up. He pats the space on the bed beside him and tell him, “Sit.” Ben hesitates and he doesn’t even know why he feels so awkward thinking about sitting beside a half-naked Hux. It shouldn’t matter, it’s not like it’s the first time Ben’s seen another guy’s body. So he stubbornly goes and sits down, the redness to his cheeks and the tips of his ears not leaving him as he sinks on the bed beside Hux, eyes looking at everywhere but him. “I suppose we should think of a better strategy, then,” Hux says, and Ben glances at him. He wonders if Hux really doesn’t feel embarrassed at being seen like this or if he’s just hiding it. Not that he would have anything to feel embarrassed anyway. Hux isn’t overly muscly, but he’s not very skinny either. He’s perfectly lean and his skin looks very soft to the touch, and he’s really pale. There’s a dusting of freckles across his chest that Ben never even knew existed because he only ever sees Hux in his uniform or in a collared shirt when they’re out of uniform. When Ben notices himself looking again, he brings his eyes back up to Hux’s and Hux is staring at him. He looks like he’s considering something, and Ben is even more embarrassed to be thinking about Hux and not about a new strategy. There’s a knock to the door that makes Ben almost jump out of his skin, and he and Hux turns to look at the door as it cracks open. A brunette sticks his head in, looking very abashed and holding a book against his chest as he calls out in a small, soft voice, “Hux?” And then he sees Ben with Hux and his expressions darkens as he looks back at Hux. “Sorry, Grant,” Hux says unapologetically. “I have an unexpected guest tonight, so I think I’ll just help you with your homework tomorrow. Is that alright?” Even when he asks, there’s a clear implication to his voice that this arrangement should never be anything other than ‘alright’. Ben looks down to his hands, hating Hux. “Yes,” Grant says, sounding very disappointed and shooting a hateful glare towards Ben that only makes him confused. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow, Hux.” They both watch as Grant closes the door behind him when he leaves, and Ben turns to look at Hux with a frown. “What’s wrong with him?” he asks. “What do you mean?” “Why was he looking at me like that?” Grant is one of the boys who sits with Hux during lunch, the person who always sits on Hux’s other side. He’s always ignored Ben and pretended he didn’t exist, so Ben doesn’t know what his problem is, glaring at Ben like that. Hux just waves a dismissive hand. “Don’t worry yourself about it. I’m sure he’s just pissed that I wasn’t able to help him.” Ben snorts at that. “Like any of them really needs your help anyway. They just want to crowd around you which is weird because you’re not even that great of a person.” Hux laughs at that and falls back to the bed, looking up at Ben with his hair fanning around his head, some of the strands even getting to his eyes. Ben thinks that he looks better with his hair like this unlike his usual slicked-back style. He looks younger anyway. “I don’t know, Ben,” he says, voice laced with amusement. “I mean, I am a good influence , so.” Ben scowls at him, and Hux laughs again. Ben doesn’t know why but there’s a sudden warmth spreading in his chest. “Shut up,” he says. “You shouldn’t be a good influence on me.” Hux moves to curl on his side, reaching out with a hand to wrap his fingers around Ben’s sleeves. He looks up at Ben under his long and almost transparent lashes, biting his lower lip. Ben finds himself swallowing when his mouth suddenly waters. “I don’t know, Ben,” he repeats. “I don’t know if you’re ready to be badly influenced.”