It was a successful raid on the village: they secured new resources and brought in more children to serve the Empire. As smoke settled down, Kylo Ren walked past the burning houses, his firm walk unperturbed by the chaos around him, with his heavy robes shifting in waves around his feet. Something caught his attention in one of the houses, perhaps his troops missed a target. He pushed the weak doorframe with the force, splinter flying inside as he walked in, his lightsaber burning in his hand. Kylo Ren scouted the perimeted behind his mask, and it seemed empty. Yet he knew better. There. Under a makeshift tarp, in the corner. He could smell their fear. He pulled it away and saw a young, skinny man, with his hand on the mouth of a young girl. They were curled up against the walls, and the redheads green eyes were fiery with anger as he watched the Knight of Ren, standing still above them. "Ah" Kylo Ren said, and brought the man forth with his powers. The girl screamed as the villager was dragged with his feet barely touching the ground. Ren took his chin in his gloved hand and examined him. "You will serve well enough" at that the girl, couldn't have been older than 10, the skinny thing, ran towards him and started to tug at his robes and kick his shins. "Let him go, let him go you monster!" Kylo Ren seemed unmoved by this act of defiance, and pushed the girl away as well, making her hit the wooden wall with her back and fall unconscious. She'll soon suffocate in the fumes. "No!" the redhead in his grip yelled, and tried to struggle free, yet his body was stilled by unseen force. "Such a feisty pup" Ren observed, as he did the same thing with him as with the girl, just moments before. The redheaded man collapsed on the ground with a soft groan. He slid in and out of consciousness, his surroundings blurry but ultimately dominantly greyish with a shade of blue, as cold as his captor and metal that he felt digging into his wrists. It took him a moment before he realized what was going on, and his eyes shot wide as he tried to pull himself up from the torture chair, desperate sounds escaping his throat. His eyes darted around the room as he felt flat against the cold, merciless metal, and he saw that it was empty. At least as far as he could reach with his sight. He felt a dominant presence though, and he stilled, his chest raising and falling as if he was a caged animal. "You are a fine specimen" said the same voice, deep and distorted by the mask. "You know what will be your purpose here?" the voice asked, and soon, when he didn't answer, the hooded figure creeped into his vision. His right hand shot to the redhead's crotch and squeezed, making him yelp despite his best efforts not to. "This is mine. You are mine. Even if you don't think so, you will be mine. I will use you as often and however I please" Kylo Ren growled, as he lowered himself, his mask inches from the prisoner's ear. "Is that clear?" He didn't answer, just spat the phlegm that he gathered since he felt the other's presence in the room. The hooded giant didn't seem to take a notice at first, yet he squeezed the offender's length harder, making him whine. "Glad to see that you continue being feisty. I like that" he wiped his helmet with his free hand, and allowed a few strokes against the other's covered length. It produced a moan through his prisoner's gritted teeth. "Ah. Your name's Armitage Hux" a few more strokes of his gloved thumb – he could feel the hardness building up underneath the flimsy clothes. "You are a part of once influencial clan on your home planet, but conflict and regulations striped your name from its glory" he started to pump Hux's length, and once the other started to arch his back, he pushed it down, this time with the pressure of his own strength. "Don't worry though. I will make sure that you will be useful again" he pressed against the tip, feeling how the other writhed underneath. "You will be useful to me, and that's the only thing that will matter to you" he squeezed the burning length once more, feeling how it spilled in his hand and onto Hux's flat belly. "I gave you this" he pulled his hand up, ignoring the twitching cock, and inserted his coated fingers into Hux's mouth as he was panting. His eyes shot wide and he bit down on the invading digits. Kylo Ren didn't react at first, as he simply removed his hand and slapped Hux across his face, and he stilled, with the hot, red print on his cheek. "You will learn" he simply said, and wiped his glove, before he started to head out for now. "Either through me or on your own accord, but you will" he said, his voice a gravel in Hux's ears. He welcomed the silence once the doors slid close behind the cloaked figure. Chapter 2 "Drink" he heard the now familiar voice, deep and digging into his entire being. As much as he'd like to refuse, he wasn't able to protest any further when cold and much needed water spilled on his tightened lips and down his chin. His captor's gloved hand pulled his chin up and pressed the glass to Hux's parched lips and he drank with self-loathing gratitude, almost choking on the desperate gulps. His throat was still full of ashes from his burned village, even when the fresh liquid washed over them. He gasped once the other pulled the glass away. "I don't have to do this, you know" the modified voice said, matter of factly. "I could leave you like this, for days. Hungry and thirsty, soaked in sweat and fluids" he caressed Hux's cheek and felt how he trembled with fear, rage, disgust. "But I won't. I will be good to you, Hux. So good" he leaned in and nuzzled his cold mask against Hux's other cheek, and seemed pleased when the redheads breathing quickened. "You're pathetic, that's what you are and will ever be to me" he finally spoke, his first words in his two days of captivity, his voice ragged. "We will see about that" he answered, tilting Hux's head to the side as he pulled away. Hux was left alone once again, to the guards outside and constant hum of the ship. He wasn't sure how much time passed when he slipped into an uneasy dream, his body aching from the strain of the torture device he was straped to. He could feel his captor brushing against him, spilling his own wetness onto him in a desperate and pathetic humping sessions. Hux felt more and more disgusted with himself, not being in control in any way. On the fifth day of his imprisonment, he was dragged off the table, his limbs weak and useless, his clothes soaked and soiled. He lowered his gaze as he was being dragged to what it seemed like private quarters. "Leave" he heard that dreadful voice again, and the two stormtroopers nodded and let go of Hux just above the other's bed. He stood there, his legs trembling, until the two left, and he fell onto the soft sheets, clinging to them, his breathing uneasy. "You might wonder why I brought you here" he glared at the hooded figure, rage still burning in his eyes. "I want you to take a shower and pick new clothes for yourself. This is no way to present yourself to your master" he walked closer to take a hold of Hux, in order to help him pick himself up. He was thanked by a desperate and uncoordinated slap of Hux's hand, that only made his grip tighten. "Then. And only then. You will eat" he seemed satisfied when he heard Hux's stomach growl. "I see we came to an agreement" Hux eased up at the moment, feeling like at least for now he should comply. Get clean, get dressed, get fed. Become stronger – two can play this game. That was what he believed. "Strip" he was taken aback when he heard the commanding voice. "What? Here? With you, acting like a creep?" he sneered. "You say it like it's the worst thing that could happen. Like you have any control over what happens to you. And I'm afraid that you don't fully comprehend or want to acknowledge the role you're supposed to play. Now" he tilted his head. "Strip" he repeated, and Hux felt how his body started to act against his will, his skinny arms reaching to pull his shirt over his head, the static messing up his hair and itching his stubble. After tossing the shirt away, he reached down to his pants. He was fully exposed, and he was grateful that he wasn't erect, that his body didn't betray him further. "What... what the fuck was that?" he asked, taken aback and trembling, as he stepped away. "That" his captor made a nonchalant move with his hand, bringing Hux's lithe frame closer. "...was the Force. I used it before, but perhaps you were too scared to comprehend what was going on" he tilted his head, and moved his hands against Hux's frame, with his fingers digging into the pale, soft skin. "How pretty you are" he pressed in, rolling his hips against Hux's exposed length, teasing him mercilessly. Hux refused to beg. "Very well then" the slightly taller man pushed him away. "Shower. Now." And Hux obeyed, his eyes darting around the room while his body walked as if in a haze. He had to admit though, that he felt relieved when water poured over his body, cooling him and allowing him to clean up. He promised himself that he'll make the best of this whole thing. Chapter 3 Kylo Ren waited for the other to be done with his shower as he made sure that everything was ready: the simple ship rations, the clothes his... guest was supposed to wear. He shook his head. No, not a guest. Saying someone was a guest implied that they were going to leave at some point, by their own free will. He arranged this for far too long to be ruined like that. This plan was simple and yet perfect. He just had to make this man a willing participant. Right now Hux was a major inconvenience. Disobedient. Refusing. Stubborn. He'd lie though, if he didn't like that. He was so pretty: so lithe, so pale. He'll make it all worth it. Hux walked out with a towel on his hips, his hair dry and shaggy. "The fuck is this? Is this some kind of a joke?" he asked, frowning as he kept on staring at the pieces laid before him on Kylo Ren's bed. "Ungrateful prick" his captor replied with amusement in his voice. "These are your clothes. Pick whatever you want. It will serve you well" he gestured in a wavy motion at the undergarments laid on the bedding. Hux gawked at him and back at the pieces of fabric, each of them more revealing than the other, all of them being loincloths. "I won't wear this" Hux said, crossing his arms. "Then stay naked" Kylo Ren sounded like he had enough as he pulled the towel away with the Force. "Hey!" Hux yelled, eyes wide as he tried to hold the towel, but it was always out of reach when he attempted that. He huffed, shooting a deadly glare towards Kylo. "Fine then, have it your way" he sighed, and approached the bed, his eyes immediately landing on an almost completely transparent piece. It would've been down to the middle of his thighs when worn, but it seemed the most comfortable one, not digging into his ballsack or buttocks. And it didn't have any sequins on it. He felt how flustered he was, with warmth spreading onto his face and neck as he put it on. "Happy now?" he asked, arms crossed. "Very" Kylo Ren answered, with an amused chuckle audible in his voice. Hux frowned at that. There should not be any trace of humanity left in someone who behaves like this... He shook this feeling off, remembering the predicament he ended up in. There was no place in sentiments when everything was a matter of survival. "I've prepared a meal for you" he was pulled out of his thoughts by the most unusal line he could hear in this situation. "It's... nothing special, just a portion of a standard ship ration. I'm sure you're familiar with them, knowing your history-" "Yes, I am. My father wanted for me to join the Imperial Army" he could feel the other's puzzled look. "It was the only way for them to receive decent compensation and daily rations in case of my death" Hux glanced up, his gaze cold. "...oh" Kylo Ren was taken aback by that. He expectorated into his hand out of habit, even though he was still wearing a mask. "...well then, I picked them for you to start with. You're malnoutrished, I don't want for you to go into a shock after a simple meal." "I wonder whose fault is that" Hux huffed, but his stomach growled again and he closed his eyes. "Let's just get it over with" he said, as he headed towards a small table with the plate and a glass of water on it. It's not like he was worried about his captor, but he frowned when he saw that the always hooded figure didn't join him. Was he even human? The form was there, but it could be anyone and anything under that mask of his. Maybe he just didn't have to eat or ate before-- "I don't have to eat as much as you do. The Force sustains my appetite in moderation" he heard the other's voice and the plastic fork he was using froze halfway into his mouth. "The fuck?" "I can read your thoughts. It's the F-" "The Force, I know" Hux sighed, resigned. He was tired. He needed some rest, not just being unconscious. But he knew he won't get it here. He closed his mouth before he put any more of the rice in it. "I don't have to tell you anything then? You'll just... read it in my mind or however this thing works?" Kylo Ren shook his head. "It's not like that. Sometimes it's easier to extract thoughts from people who are... distracted. Otherwise it's quite difficult to do so" Hux could feel how the other pierced him with his gaze from behind the slit of the visor. Perhaps this is why he could take away information about Hux's name before... when he touched him in that damned chair. He shuddered, despite his best efforts not to, and tried to concentrate on chewing. "That's enough for now" Kylo Ren said, and approached the table, making Hux freeze in his chair. His glowed hands pressed against Hux's shoulders and slid down, massaging his pectoral muscles. "You will serve me tonight" Hux wanted nothing more but to jab the plastic fork into the gloved hand, but his whole self froze, and he knew that the hooded figure had full control over him, body and mind. Hux was tossed on the bed, and it whined when Kylo Ren pushed his own weight onto it. He hovered above Hux, with his gloved hand sliding against the lioncloth, touching the slowly stirring length. "So pretty" he let out a sigh and nuzzled his mask against Hux's cheek, as the redhead pushed against Kylo Ren's body, trying to wriggle free. Hux bit down on his lip however and couldn't hold back a whimper when the other took a full grab of his cock. He still refused to beg. That night wasn't his first night with a man, but it seemed like it was for his captor, with his hands pushing down on Hux's skinny back, bruising it and leaving reddened trails. "Mine" his captor whispered, voice cracking as he came, and underneath the overwhelming weight Hux could feel how tears ran down his flustered cheeks, and his hands crumpled the sheets underneath as he let out a soundless whimper. He was trying to calm down when the other lay with his still fully clothed frame pressing onto his, claiming him with the weight of his arm around his naked body. He tried to comprehend the full thing, as he stared at the cold ceiling, but he felt like he couldn't, not at this point. Maybe when his body would stop screaming in pain, silencing any coherent thought. He doubted that since tonight, this will ever be the case, but at the same time he promised himself that he won't give in for as long as he can, he'll make it onesided for as long as he'll manage. This would be enough of a victory for him. Chapter 4 "What's your name?" Hux asked one day, when he watched how his captor got up from the bed. The hooded frame stilled, and he could only see part of the mask as he glanced to the side. "I've been here at least a week. I figured that, if I'm to stay with you, I should know that" he frowned when the other didn't answer. He felt angry, as his frame still ached from the bruises the man gave him last night. "Don't you dare ignore me!" he managed, as he pulled himself up and yanked at the other's ragged robes. Kylo Ren turned around and slapped Hux's hand away, his movement swift and cruel. "I don't owe you a thing" he growled, and stood up fully, towering above the almost naked man. "The hell you don't!" Hux had enough - he scrambled up and slid off the bed, to stand before the other. "You raid my village, you kidnap me, force me to be your goddamn pet or whatever the fuck you're into, all against my will and you won't even spill out your name!" he pulled at the other's arm again. "Face me when I'm talking to you! Or maybe you don't even have a face?! Maybe you're ugly as sin and that's why all you can do is kidnap people in order to get laid?!" he sneered with a cruel smile that crawled on his lips and he was surprised that he didn't earn another hit. Despite all that, his chest was raising and falling rapidly. "Are you a coward as well?" "It's funny when you say that with my come still in your ass" the slightly taller man turned around and jumped Hux, pushing him back onto the bed, with the other's strong arms by his sides, knee between the redhead's thighs, mask almost touching Hux's nose. "...you're not afraid of me" he stated, his tone surprised, as he tilted his head. Hux's heart was beating furiously against the cage of his chest, but otherwise he remained calm, lips pressed tight. "No, I'm not" confident smirk once again appeared on his lips. He was certain about that, and his heart eased up, aggravated mostly due to the whole commotion. The dark figure pulled up, and headed towards the door. He stopped for a moment, as he placed his hand on the panel. "My name's Kylo Ren" he said, his voice even, and he left Hux alone in his room once more, this time with a new knowledge. Hux ran that name on his tongue when the other walked out. He stood up, and quickly used the shower in order to wash the filth out of himself, feeling disgusted as he cleared the crust out from between his buttocks. He tried to imagine how that whole Kylo Ren looked under that mask. With the distorted voice he couldn't really pinpoint the age of the man and he figured that it'd tell a lot if he knew that detail as well. He wasn't even sure if the whole "Kylo Ren" was his real name. He ran his fingers through his hair and let out a sigh as took the wet, orange strands in his fists. He said that he was here for at least a week, but he wasn't sure. It felt like he wasted a few days at least while being partially unconscious. There was also no way for him to get out. He wouldn't mind running around with just a revealing loincloth on if he could just knock some trooper unconscious and take their armor. Steal a ship. Get out. But he didn't even know the combination to the lock on the door. Oh, how easy it must be to be a magical mindreader. He sneered and punched the wall. This time, when Kylo Ren returned, he simply pressed Hux to sit down on the edge of the bed, and pulled out his dick without a word. Hux glared at him, his lips shut tight, turning into a thin white line. "Don't play your stupid games with me" the hooded figure seemed in a bad mood today, and it only made Hux more resistant, especially when he felt the tip pressing against his mouth. He turned his head away and Kylo Ren growled as he fisted Hux's hair at the back of his head and made him open his mouth as he let out a pained whine. His blue eyes widened as he felt how the other's length pumped into him, and he wanted so badly to bite on it- "No biting" his captor tugged at him further and Hux whimpered, deciding to allow for the other to finish himself inside. He spat when the other spilled his come, and the now familiar gloved hand slapped his cheek once more. "Fuck you" Hux hissed, his hand moving to his burning skin. "I will" Kylo Ren answered, matter of factly. He didn't do it anymore, that night at least, however, as they slept far away from each other, as much as the bed allowed them to. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren was gone for three days now. Hux would lie if he didn't say he was relieved – he was left to himself, with meals disposed through a slit in the door. He didn't waste his time, even though frustration and boredom got to him at times – he tried to occupy himself with exercises, mostly pushups and squats to strengthen his body. It was awfully uncomfortable to do them in just the loincloth which he eventually ditched in order to train naked whenever he thought was the best time to do so. He was in the middle of reading a pad that focused on the intricate details of the Force when he heard commotion near the door, and Kylo Ren walked inside, only to stumble and fall when the door closed. Hux's immediate thought was to jump and help him up, but he was curious. Maybe he'll die, maybe he'll be finally free. He doubted that however, seeing as the stormtroopers would probably shoot him if they'd saw their master's body and Hux would be the only suspect. "Shouldn't you go to the medbay?" he asked, brows rising, pad in his lap, covering his length. Kylo Ren didn't answer, and Hux thought that maybe he was dead, but there was the unmistakeable, slight and steady movement of his frame, as if he was making sure to conserve his energy. He watched as the bulk of a man tried to pull himself up, with droplets of blood splattering the cold floor underneath. He could hear the ragged breath, and it made his stomach churn – how much pain the other must've been going through in that moment. He lowered his datapad on the floor, and attempted to stand up. "Don't..." Kylo Ren managed, his modulated voice hoarse. "...it's not the first time. I can do this..." Hux frowned at that and settled down again, watching as the hooded figure settled himself on one knee, his frame trembling, his right hand supporting his side. He could see how a patch of blood underneath his clutched fingers grew larger with each passing second, like he allowed it to finally flow as it should. He stood up, even though his knees started to give in, he made a step towards the bathroom and fell down again with an annoyed groan, frame resting partially against the edge of the bed. "You obviously can't do this on your own" Hux said, unable to remain cold and distant anymore. If he was to survive, he needed to be on Kylo Ren's good side. "Let me help" he leaned in, his right hand extended as he reached towards the other. Oh how curious he was... Kylo Ren grabbed his wrist however, the movement sharp and threatening. Hux made sure not to wince. "I don't know why you don't want to go to the medbay... but I see that you can't do this on your own for now. So" he leaned further in. "let me help, Kylo Ren." He was sure that their eyes met, he could feel the other's gaze burning into his own, determined one. The grip on his wrist loosened, and Kylo Ren nodded. He reached out, his hands wandering towards the cut fabric, once the other pulled his hand away. The skin underneath was as pale as snow, with the trail of blood being a stark contrast against it. Hux felt the temptation to pull the fabric away further and see the other's nipple, being just inches away. He was the one fully exposed all the time after all, it was only rational to expect something from the other man as well. But when Kylo Ren's ragged breathing stilled, perhaps curiously waiting, he focused on examining the wound. "We need to get it cleared and patched up" he managed, once he felt how his voice returned to him. "Do you have anything, like a gauze, in here?" he asked as he tried to focus on the task at hand. Kylo Ren nodded, and felt relieved when Hux didn't ask any further, not for now anyway. He prepared the gauze and came back to the still leaning figure, and knelt before him, only to put the wet material against the wound. "It might sting a little" he managed, and felt quite silly, but he had no idea what else to say. "I'm not a child" he could hear Kylo Ren's voice, barely a whisper, and he knew he shouldn't be surprised when the other didn't hiss as he touched the blood soaked skin, but he was. He saw, however, that the other's gloved fingers dug into the bedding. He continued to clean and patch the other up in silence. "There" he nodded when he was done. "I still don't understand why didn't you simply go to the medbay?" he asked, as he glanced at the other. "I suppose that I owe you at least this" Kylo Ren answered after only a moment of hesitation. "You have to understand that I have certain image to maintain. If anything slips out about my weaknesses or lacking abilities then my authority on this ship will be questioned" he looked straight at Hux. "Yet you keep a naked man in your quarters" the redhead quirked a brow at that. "Do they know that I'm here?" "No. They think you died during interrogation. These walls are also soundproof, if you hadn't noticed" Kylo Ren reached out, to brush a strand of hair from Hux's forehead. The other did his best not to scoot away. "What about the meals?" "It was a secret mission. They thought I was still here" he leaned in and pressed his body against Hux's, pushing him down onto the covers, his gloved hand reaching to fondle the other's soft length. Hux let out a whimper and tried to push the other away, maybe press at the fresh wound, but his hands were soon caught at the wrists, pinned down in a merciless way as he arched his back into Kylo Ren's touch. "You'll strain your wound..." Hux whispered, his voice hoarse and on the verge of breaking as the other's firm fingers tugged at his sack. "Pain makes me stronger" he could hear a smile in the other's voice, as his free hand pumped Hux's length, his thumb rubbing at the tip. Hux's breathing quickened, as he knew that the other thanked him in such way, even though the pain that flew through his body in waves washed over that thought. He came soon after, with the heavy, looming figure above him, his thighs and knees bucking and rubbing together as he let out a broken whine. Kylo Ren watched him struggle, the redness slowly disappearing from the flushed face, and he fell heavy against Hux's body, as if he finally allowed himself to rest, with his arm wrapped around the other's lithe frame. Hux caught himself staring at the ceiling once more, as his breathing eased up. Notes: Apologies for the delay, I didn't like the first version of this chapter and removed it asap, as I found it too sweet for this prompt. I hope that the wait was worth it. :) Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It felt like eternity, when Hux realized that it was now almost two weeks since he became an unwilling participant in Kylo Ren's life. No one besides the hooded figure saw him, and as it seemed heard him through all this time. No one looked for him either, but he shouldn't be surprised, as his captor ordered to kill them all. And so, when Kylo Ren pressed himself onto Hux once more, he simply took it, unmoving, allowing for it to happen, his mind partially drifting away. He could almost feel the other's frown focused on him once the force user groaned, spent. Perhaps, if he will be as lifeless as possible, his captor would get bored with him. That would be nice. Two days passed until Kylo Ren frowned at him again, in a soul drilling manner. He felt how his glowed hand pushed in a more firm manner against the back of his head, further onto the thick cock. He didn't even close his mouth then, didn't turn it into a usual thin line, didn't play with his captor's patience. He let the tip slide into his mouth and he worked through the motion. Kylo Ren groaned in frustration, but finished, even though he was rather unenthusiastic about the whole event. "What IS with you lately?!" he yelled, as he hid his twitching length in the cover of his robes. Hux sat there, staring at the floor, not even bothered to shoot the other a glare. "I thought you liked it, as the little whore you are" he put his hand under Hux's jaw, as he grinned under his mask but his smile faltered when he realized how dead the other felt. Not a twitch, not a word, not a pull away from Ren's grip. "...oh..." he managed, as he didn't even have to probe Hux's mind to read him like an open book, with how upset he was. "You didn't like any of it?" he asked, feeling a bit foolish. Perhaps it was indeed the fact that he took Hux against his will, murdered his village, kept him closed up in a room for the past two weeks, used him in a degrading manner that finally broke the usually fiery man. He looked down, even though his mask perfectly concealed all his true emotions. It didn't matter what he did. And then he had an idea. Maybe Hux will like him more if he'll know what he looks like? "Wait, look!" he felt childish when he said that, in obvious hope in his voice. He reached to his helmet and pressed at the edges, in order to take it off. "All this time you thought I was some kind of a monster" still no response, as Hux's gaze was lowered. You'll always be a monster he could feel the other's thoughts and his chest tightened in response. "Just look" he basically begged at this point "please". And Hux glanced up and he felt how his heart stopped for a brief moment, when he saw Kylo Ren's face, and perhaps his lips let out a surprised gasp, but he was too overwhelmed to notice. A pair of stunningly dark, auburn eyes burned into him, glistering slightly at the edges. They were adorned by a pale face, a fine, crooked nose and plump, almost girlish lips, surrounded by cautiously placed birthmarks. He looked all too human and all too young. Hux felt like for a moment all his anger was knocked out of him, and he stared at the other, younger man in awe, before he was able to think clearly again, overwhelmed by what he saw, with his expectations turned upside down. "This doesn't change a thing" Hux said, as he glanced to the side again. Kylo Ren felt like anger boiled in him again and he did his best to calm himself down. "It does! I had orders but I also spared you. I thought that maybe you needed it as well, that maybe we could have something..." he stood up. "I was wrong" he stepped away, only to put his helmet back on. "I need to meditate" he managed, his throat dry, and he walked out of his quarters, leaving Hux alone. And at that moment, when the door closed behind Kylo Ren's back, Hux panicked. What if the other will deem him useless now and throw him out of the airlock? His heart pounded in the cage of his chest, and he scrambled off the bed, and jumped towards the door, banging against it. "Wait, don't leave me like this!!" he cried out, despite that the whole room did seem to be soundproof, and he should know that Ren would go back to his own quarters at some point. "I'll make it good again, I promise!" He shouldn't be surprised when there was no response, with the rest of the ship seemingly as quiet as the cold space outside. Notes: Apologies for the delay in posting this chapter, I got stuck with it for a while, but it should be fine now and next one will be last I think!