Kylo “We miss you,” Han Solo whispered. Kylo stared. Words escaped him. As much as he had mentally prepared himself for this meeting, he suddenly felt rather unsettled, and he didn’t like that. It frightened him. And he absolutely hated that it frightened him. The Master of the Knights of Ren had no room in his life for such feelings…such weaknesses. He was strong, controlled – a pillar of fortitude. Nothing like the foolish man before him. And yet… Something tugged at him when he looked into the old man’s face. Memories of a different time, a different place…a different person – someone he no longer knew. Someone he thought he destroyed. Suddenly, pain ripped through his body. An interruption. Too late, he realized, he had let his guard drop too much. A voice, dark and commanding, filtered its way into his thoughts, audible only to him. A voice he had known for many years now – perhaps knew better than the one belonging to the person before him. “Remember who you are,” it whispered. “What you can be…” Kylo inhaled deeply. Yes, he remembered. He couldn’t forget it. Would never forget it. It was his legacy. His birthright. He looked once again at Han Solo, at the person he called “father” in what felt like a different life. Had it been a different life? “I’m being torn apart,” he finally responded, truthfully. “I want to be free of this pain.” Was that possible? “Yes,” the voice instantly responded, as if sensing his question. “Anything and everything is within your reach. Just choose…” Choose. Make a choice. Light or Dark. One or the other. Who are you? What are you? Kylo regarded Han Solo with a pensive stare. “I know what I have to do,” he said, “but I don’t know if I have the strength to do it. Will you help me?” Without hesitation, Han said, “Yes, anything.” And he meant it; Kylo could sense it. Dropping his helmet to the ground with a resounding thud, he unclipped his lightsaber from his belt and held it out before him. Han reached out and clasped a hand around the weapon. And there they stood. Eye to eye. Man to man. Father to son. Moments passed. Then more. Finally, a voice inside Kylo’s head whispered, “Choose!” And he did. With a simple flick of his wrist, he activated his light saber, and drove the beam straight through Han Solo’s chest. Somewhere in the distance, a woman screamed. Kylo Ren snapped his eyes open and sat up in bed with a jolt, his gaze darting from one shadowy corner of his sleeping quarters to the next. Looking. Searching. Anticipating…expecting something – somebody. But… There was no one. Nothing. It was a dream. Just a dream. But no, it wasn’t that at all. It was a nightmare. And just like in the nightmare, he felt a wave of emotion sweep over him that unnerved him. Frustrated, he slammed a fist down onto his mattress. Weak. He was so pathetically weak. Taking a long shuddering breath, he threw his legs over the side of his bed and rose unsteadily to his feet. Still slightly disoriented from his dream as well as the dark, he lumbered slowly to the refresher. When he passed the glowing numbers on his chronometer, he didn’t even bother to check the time. He didn’t need to; he already knew it was still the middle of sleeping hours. Not that he would probably be going back to sleep anytime soon. It had been that way since Starkiller barely a week ago. Bacta treatments had healed his body of all his physical injuries, but they were unable to cure those unseen deep inside him. He doubted anything could ever do that. And so, he suffered. With clenched fists, he realized that was nothing new. Entering the refresher, an automatic light clicked on instantly, surprising and momentarily blinding him. When his eyes adjusted, he found himself looking straight in a mirror at his own reflected appearance - that of a pale young man with dark, wild eyes and… A scar. Something the bacta treatments couldn’t completely erase. Kylo reached a finger up and traced the new addition to his face. It stretched from his forehead, across his cheek, and down to his shoulder. One thin, long white line that served as a reminder. Of his failure. Of his humanity. Suddenly, words seeped their way into his thoughts, “You’re a monster!” a young woman’s voice screamed in hatred – the same young woman who had given him that scar. Kylo gripped the edge of the nearby sink as a rush of unwanted feelings once again overwhelmed him. He was not a monster, he told himself. He wasn’t… Still, she had called him one. Right after she witnessed him kill his own father. And just like that, his dream came crashing back to him. Feeling his anger rise, he just barely resisted the urge to shatter the mirror into a million pieces. The last thing he wanted was to take another trip to the medical bay, this time with his hand full of shards of glass. He could almost hear Hux’s derision at his foolishness… But it wasn’t Hux he wanted to think about anyway. Another glance in the mirror was all the reminder he needed. The girl. Kylo bit back a snarl welling up in his throat. Who was this girl to call him a monster? She knew nothing about him. Nothing. And yet… There was something. Splashing his face with some cold water, he departed the refresher and headed back out into his sleeping quarters, images of the girl bombarding his thoughts. Better her than that dream. He ran his hands anxiously through his hair as he thought back to that moment in the interrogation room on Starkiller, retracing ground he had already been over more times than he could remember. There had been this…feeling. Suddenly, he started to pace. He had had about enough of feelings. Still. He had felt something with her. Something to do with the Force. Something…powerful. Something he almost thought he could still feel. But what? Almost involuntarily, his hands began to curl into fists. Who was this young woman? And where was she? For the hundredth time since the destruction of Starkiller, he mentally kicked himself for losing her. Twice. Totally unacceptable. He stretched his hand out, then, and his newly repaired light saber flew across the room to his waiting palm. Not the next time, though, he thought, activating the blade. Because he was sure, without a shadow of a doubt, there would be a next time. And he would be ready. Rey “Take off that mask,” Han Solo said, his voice commanding. “You don’t need it.” Rey stared in wonder at Han a couple of stories below. What was her new friend doing?! Why was he striking up a conversation with… him? Had he lost his mind? A confrontation with that…person…was the last thing they needed at the moment. She suddenly felt very scared, yet curious at the same time. Something about this situation…it felt…important. Why? “What do you think you’ll see if I do?” the synthesized voice of Kylo Ren replied. There was a brief pause, and Rey listened in disbelief as Han said very matter-of-factly, “The face of my son.” His son?! Han’s son?! That…being…was his son?! No. No. It couldn’t be. But even as she thought this, she knew it was true. Han wouldn’t lie and…and…worst of all, it made sense. Rey suddenly felt herself back in that interrogation chamber again as words like “father” and “disappointed” whispered through her thoughts…in his, Ren’s, real voice. Yes, it was true. But how? Her thoughts were suddenly riveted to Kylo Ren as, for the second time that day, he removed his mask. And, even though she knew what lie behind the disguise, she was still surprised to see the face of a young man emerge. A young man that – No, she shook her head. She had no time for distracting thoughts. Least about him. Still, as Han engaged him in conversation, she couldn’t help but listen. And when the old smuggler said, “Snoke is using you for your power. When he gets what he wants, he’ll crush you. You know it’s true.” Something in that line caused her to pause and wonder. What exactly did this Snoke person want? Rey continued listening to the two men with apprehension. She was startled when he – the younger man, Han’s son, admitted he felt himself “being torn apart.” By what? Whom? Snoke? She found herself jarred from her musings, however, when Kylo Ren’s helmet fell to the bridge all of a sudden with a ringing crash. Now what was he doing? Then, she saw the unmistakable hilt of a lightsaber suddenly make an appearance in Ren’s hands, and watched speechless as Han wrapped his own digits around the weapon. What was going on? Moments passed. Rey looked back once at the open sky behind her and was frightened to see it was dark. Not good. With her heart in her throat and every nerve in her body on edge, she turned back to the pair on the bridge. And watched. A second or two later, she saw a red beam emerge from Han’s back. Unable to contain it, a scream tore from her lips. Rey blinked her eyes open, surprised to find they were wet with tears, and rolled over onto her back. In her head, she could still hear the piercing echo of a scream and see the fiery red glare of a crackling light saber. As well as… Han. She thought of the older man and a lump formed in her throat. She hadn’t been able to see his face when he died, as his back was to her, but she could easily imagine the pain and shock that must have been there just before he fell into the abyss of Starkiller. Along with his confusion. Confusion in his misplaced trust and hope in…in… A monster. Suddenly, more tears began to pour from her eyes and she reached up a shaky hand to brush them away. Because it was misplaced, right? No child – no decent person, for that matter, would kill his own father…a good man…in cold blood. Han must have been wrong about him. But then she remembered something, like a punch to the gut. There had been this moment…just after the blade had pierced him through, sealing his fate, that he had lifted his hand to the creature’s face and – No! The young woman let out a breath she didn’t know she was holding. She didn’t even want to try and guess – presume – just what Han’s final thoughts had been, because…because… Because it hurt too much. Swinging her legs over the side of her bed, she moved to a sitting position, her head spinning, whether from the sudden motion or her dream still fresh in her mind she wasn’t sure. But one thing she did know, though, was that she didn’t want to think about him. Rising to her feet, she began to fumble around in the dark for a jacket. She needed air. She needed to see the sky. She needed to escape the pressing darkness of the small cell she had been given by an old Jedi Master, rather begrudgingly, to sleep in. And here was another point of conflict for her. Luke Skywalker. The Jedi Master was not happy with her sudden arrival on Ahch-To the previous day. Not at all. And why should he be? Rey mused pulling on her jacket. She had kind of just swooped into his sanctuary uninvited. Not to mention, she showed up with the worst kind of news possible. But she would persevere. She always had. And she didn’t get the sense his discontent was directed at her. Not really. He was just sad. But then again, who wasn’t? Without glancing back, Rey opened her cell’s door and stepped out into the cool night air. It felt good. Wonderful. Taking a deep breath of the watery planet’s rich oxygen, she filled her lungs to capacity. Then, tilting her head back, she stared up at the sky, marveling at the awe-inspiring view of this side of the galaxy. She suddenly felt encouraged, renewed. Prepared to take on whatever the Force brought her way. She was ready for anything. Chapter 2 Kylo Kylo stared at the glowing red lightsaber before him, his assuredness from just moments ago fading away. Usually, when he held the weapon, he felt a certain sense of invincibility and power, but, as he examined the crackling beam for a moment, contemplating his recent history with it, he realized he felt neither happy nor sad. He felt nothing. Just numb…and vulnerable. Deactivating the weapon, he tossed it aside where it rolled to a stop against a chair, and turned his attention to his room’s wall to wall window that his position afforded him to have on a First Order Star Destroyer. For several heartbeats, he stood mesmerized. Endless space and stars and planets stretched out forever before him. The beauty of it all captivated him, as so few things in his life did, and it was one of the few pleasures he actually permitted himself to enjoy. As much as he shunned thoughts that dwelled on his childhood, he remembered back to being a small boy and how, even then, he was transfixed by the endlessness of space. He used to stand outside on his family’s balcony for what seemed like hours staring up at the wonders of the night. The stars were his friends and he liked to imagine how someday he would go to visit them. As if feeling a pull to do so, he closed his eyes then, imagining the view from his old balcony. He could almost feel a light breeze whispering around him as the sounds of nighttime life filled his ears while he gazed skyward. The coolness of the evening, the scent of the salty sea air, the rush of waves crashing down below… The images and senses felt so real it was almost like he was really there. And suddenly he was. But he wasn’t. There was no ocean near his childhood home. Not even close. This didn’t make sense. And then he felt another presence with him. Gentle and quiet, but fierce. And alone. Something he had felt before. The girl. Again. How? He felt himself grow still with hesitation and doubt. Could it really be her? Then, yes, he was positive it was. He recognized her presence, felt it, just like he had on Starkiller…and just as he thought he had been feeling it, somehow, ever since then. Suddenly, words he himself had spoken whispered in his thoughts, “Don’t be afraid, I feel it too.” What exactly did he…they…feel? Was it something unique to Force users? Better yet, could he possibly somehow use this knowledge to his own personal advantage? Immediately, ideas began to formulate in his brain…ideas that were very dangerous… He stopped this train of thought abruptly. He needed to concentrate. He didn’t know how long this connection, or whatever exactly it was, would last, at least in its current intensity, and he had to make good use of the opportunity. The Supreme Leader had taught him well when it came to priorities. At least until recently… Drawing on the Force, he focused his attention on the girl, something he found easy to do, and explored this sudden link across the galaxy more deeply; as he did so, he felt his mind brush once again with hers. Once more, he smelled briny ocean water. Not from his memory, but from wherever she was…from her thoughts and feelings. It was also a little chilly out on this place she was at, but he realized it felt good to her. Different. As did the rough, rocky terrain beneath her feet. And the stars… They brought memories to her. Images flashed in rapid succession before Kylo, but he could barely hold onto a single one before it slipped away and another filled its void, only to be replaced by another, and another, and another… A desert. A star-filled sky. A droid. A traitorous stormtrooper. Happiness. Sadness. Worry. All of a sudden, he heard a gasp. Was it her? No, it was him. He had felt her in his own head just then. When had that happened? When he was lost in his own musings? What had she seen?! And like that, they were suddenly both aware of the other’s presence. A moment passed. Then another. Then, abruptly, mental walls were flung up on both sides of the connection, and the last thought of hers Kylo was able to glean before she shut him out was one of revulsion…and…something else. Pity? Kylo flexed his hands as he opened his eyes once again to his view of the galaxy. What did he care what she thought of him? He didn’t… Still, his thoughts drifted to hers. Stars… He knew everything he needed to now. Rey Unable to rip her eyes away, Rey gazed wistfully at the night sky above. Even when she felt a crick begin to form in her neck, she still kept her focus trained on the twinkling space overhead. It was soothing, peaceful…it was home…or something similar. The constellations over Ahch-To may have been different than anything she was familiar with, but they were still part of the same big “somewhere” that she knew. All of a sudden, her thoughts flickered to Jakku so far far away and its own celestial offerings. She couldn’t count how many times of a night she would lie out somewhere on the desert planet, if the conditions were decent, and lose herself in the captivating view of the star-filled sky. It was a welcome pastime, and it was something she knew she could always count on to be there waiting for her to come back to, unchanged, like an old friend. Friends… The young woman shifted slightly, her feet pressing into the stony solidness of the ground beneath her. It was such a different feeling than the desert sands she grew up with. If it wasn’t for BB-8 and Finn… Finn. How was he? Was he pulling through as the doctors anticipated that he would? Rey suddenly felt a twinge of regret at having left him so shortly after their arrival on D’Qar. But there was nothing that she could do for him. Except worry. And General Organa – Leia – had assured her that the best thing for her to do was to go to Luke. That Finn would be okay – that he had the best doctors in the Resistance taking care of him. Still, even with such assurances, Rey felt anxious, and if she dared to admit it, a little lonely. She knew she shouldn’t, that she had people out there now who cared about her welfare – Leia, Chewbacca, Finn, even if he was in a comatose state at the moment, but she still couldn’t shake the feeling of being alone. Why? Perhaps her life on Jakku was to blame for that. Sighing, she allowed her gaze to drift the expanse of the sky once more. Searching. For what, though? Her parents? A ship with people on it who were never coming back? No. A feeling… The thought was only a whisper in her mind, but it hit the young woman with the all the strength of the Force, and she didn’t know whether to be alarmed or intrigued. Looking to the sky once again for answers, she suddenly noticed something was different. The stars…they weren’t right. They weren’t the same as they were a moment ago. What was going on? Suddenly, something made a noise behind her. She whipped around and was shocked to see a strange scene before her: A little boy, about nine or ten, gazing up at the star strewn sky that clearly did not belong to Ahch-To. Where did this boy come from? Something didn’t feel right…or did it? Was this a dream? It didn’t feel like one, but it didn’t seem…real…either. At least, not in the present sense. Hesitantly, Rey approached the child, and, immediately, she felt a sense of deep loneliness emanating from him. As if called from nowhere, yet somewhere, words drifted into her thoughts, “You’re so lonely…” Where did that come from? Why did she think that? Who was this boy? She scrutinized him more closely. He was a gangly, thin little thing with pale skin and silky black hair. And his eyes, focused skyward, were dark pools of emotion. He liked the stars, though. What?! How in the galaxy did she know that?! She looked more intently at the child and… She paused. The oddest feeling suddenly came over her, new yet familiar. Then… Her heart started pounding like mad. … Him. Him. She felt him. The monster from her dream. From her reality. Kylo Ren. And, with sudden clarity, she realized he felt her presence too. Possibly, saw her thoughts. Wait…her thoughts?! His thoughts. Had she just seen his thoughts?! No. Yes. His thoughts. The feeling of them. Starkiller. It all came rushing back to her again. That little boy… The man in the mask… A heartbeat passed. And another. Suddenly, pulling on power from the Force knew where, just like on Starkiller, she blocked him at the same moment she felt him performing the same action wherever in the wide wide galaxy he was. When it was over and she knew for sure he was incapable…she hoped…of seeing anything more inside her head, she sunk to her knees on the hard, rocky ground. Looking up, she was relieved to see the stars once again belonged to Ahch-To. Shaky, the young woman took several deep breaths to calm herself, unfortunately, though, it did nothing to quell the many questions now bombarding her thoughts. Why had she seen that? How was such a thing even possible? She understood something had happened on Starkiller between them, something Force related, but they were in close proximity to each other then, and that was days ago. How did that happen just now? Why? She reached out to the Force for answers, but nothing came to her, nothing except for a strange tingling sensation up her spine and a firm belief that things were about to change. Soon. But the question was: How soon? And would she be ready? Rey looked at her hands, hands she knew to be capable of a great many things. Yes, of course she would be ready, remembering her certainty just a short while ago, before the…interference. She needed to talk to Master Luke, though. It was time to tell him a little bit more about recent events, things she had been hesitant to at first. As she rose to her feet once again, confident with herself and her plan, she couldn’t help it, though, as her thoughts flashed for a second time to another sky, another place…another person. In that moment, she felt like she knew nothing, but, at the same time, she knew something. Was that good or bad? Only time would tell. Chapter 3 Kylo The Master of the Knights of Ren paced the length of his sleeping quarters, deep in thought. It was time for action, but he had to lay his plans carefully. His golden opportunity had come and he didn’t want to waste it. The girl was on Ahch-To. He was positive she was. In fact, he thought he felt it. Thanks to their Force connection, he had been able to recognize her location based on the constellations he saw in the sky. Suddenly, the young man paused, thinking about the girl and just how he had found her… Gazing at the stars… Unexpectedly, the thought made his heart skip a beat. Running a hand through already very tousled hair, he resumed his pacing. Focus, he told himself. Control. Be in control. He knew what could happen if he didn’t watch himself and let his emotions get the better of him. His dream tonight was a great reminder of that. Automatically, a shiver ran up his spine thinking about the nightmare. He was actually surprised that with as emotional as he had been since waking up, he hadn’t had any mental intrusions. Perhaps it was all this business to do with the girl… If so, he was fine with that. He could work with it. The more he thought about it, though, he realized he hadn’t had any such “instructions” since that moment on the bridge at Starkiller. That was…strange. But he didn’t have time to dwell on that little detail at the moment. Maybe later, when there was less work to be accomplished. He just hoped it meant nothing bad… This line of thinking drew his attention to his chronometer. In just a few short hours, he was due to rendezvous with the Supreme Leader. This was a meeting he would not be making, however. He knew the reception of this news when received would not go over well, but all his plans were about to be laid bare, anyway, so what did it matter… He ignored the feeling of panic welling up inside him, and instead, turned his gaze to the view out his window once again. It was time he gave his Knights a call. Rey Rey hesitated outside the door to Luke Skywalker’s sleeping cell. Dawn was still awhile off, and she didn’t know how the old Jedi would feel about her abruptly rousing him during his rest. They had only just met, after all, and it was a bit of a rocky start at that. Still, what she had to tell him was important. Maybe even vitally so. The kind but sad face of Leia suddenly swam before her. Master Luke’s sister. She had entrusted Rey with the task of finding her brother and possibly bringing him home. And not only that, and more importantly, she believed in Rey – believed that she could accomplish this mission, and this meant a lot to the young woman. More than anyone knew. It almost seemed impossible that this loving woman was the mother of a vicious murderer. “He wasn’t always this way…” A snippet of a conversation Rey had had with the General shortly after meeting her suddenly surfaced in her thoughts. “He was such a happy little boy,” Leia had recalled, a genuine smile on her face – a mother’s smile. “Always getting himself into all sorts of mischief. Just like his father…” Then her demeanor had changed, and a frown creased her brow. “But that was before…” Rey let the older woman’s words resonate in her head for a few moments, the sad intensity of them touching her. All her years on Jakku, alone, she had always wanted a mother – one just like Leia. Kind, caring…hopeful…believing in a cause even when it seemed lost… The young woman took a deep breath and raised her hand to the door before her. Whatever happened, she was doing it for Leia. Maybe a minute or two later, the bleary-eyed face of Luke Skywalker appeared. With a surge of relief, Rey noticed he did not seem angry at having been disturbed, but he was apprehensive. Perhaps, he knew why she was there, or, if not that, had some kind of idea. Because of the Force, she was sure. “You have something you want to tell me, don’t you?” he said; it was more a statement than a question. Rey nodded her head. “Yes.” Master Luke pondered her for a moment, then moved back a step and motioned for her to enter his dwelling. She did so and was immediately directed to one of two chairs in the small space. The young woman looked around; the room was not too dissimilar from the one she was occupying. A bit homier, maybe. The small fire burning in the hearth, which had clearly been recently stoked, probably added to that effect. She also saw some curious looking artifacts that piqued her interest, but she did not ask about them. Instead, she turned her attention to the Jedi Master who had taken the chair across from her, his face an unreadable mask as he poured the contents of a small pitcher into two cups, one of which he offered to her. “It’s my nephew, isn’t it?” he suddenly stated matter-of-factly. Rey just barely managed not to choke on her drink at that statement. How did he know that? “How did you…” she began. “It was just a guess,” he replied, quickly but confidently. “But I had been wondering about him – his role in all this – ever since you arrived. I had felt there was something more…” Without thinking about it, Rey blurted, “He’s a monster!” Then immediately regretted saying the words as she watched the old Jedi’s face suddenly grow weary and his shoulders hunched inward, almost as if defeated. Suddenly, she thought of Han. And Leia. And even herself. As well as a strange nagging feeling deep inside she couldn’t shake. “I – I’m sorry,” she quickly said. “I didn’t mean to –” Luke held up a hand. “It’s fine, Rey.” He sighed, then added, “I know just as well as anyone that my nephew’s actions have been anything but honorable.” Rey didn’t know what to say to that, so she said nothing. It was true, anyway. Luke regarded his drink for a moment, then turned his piercing blue gaze on her once again. “Please, tell me what it is about Ben you haven’t yet shared with me.” Ben. Rey mulled the name over in her head. It was so simple. So ordinary. Like the name of any regular young man. The very normalcy of it unnerved her. Why? Because it made him human. Rey inwardly cringed at this sudden reminder about the man named “Kylo Ren.” That he was a human…with a family. A family she had met and liked. Feeling Master Luke’s penetrating stare upon her, she pushed aside her musings for the moment and focused on what she had been asked. “I can see his thoughts,” she said bluntly, then added, “Sometimes, at least.” She had meant to go into a long explanation about Starkiller, the interrogation room, the fight in the forest, but she decided the best course of action to take with the Jedi Master before her was to be short, sweet, and straight to the point. Luke sat back in his chair, stunned. Clearly that was not what he had been expecting to hear. Then, after a moment or two of absorbing the information, he quickly shifted from surprise to curious interest. “How long has this been happening?” he finally asked. Without missing a beat, Rey replied, “Since he held me captive at Starkiller.” Luke didn’t say anything right away, clearly thinking, probably even drawing his own conclusions about what could have happened from what she had just told him in addition to what she initially shared with him upon her arrival. Eventually, he said, “Do you know if…is this…occurrence…is it a joint phenomenon? I mean to say, is he able to see your thoughts as well?” “Yes.” Luke rose from his chair, then, and began to walk about the small room. “Why did you not share this with me sooner?” he asked. He didn’t sound angry, just perplexed. The young woman felt her face redden. “I – I didn’t think it would be important,” she responded, her voice a mumble. “I had forgotten about it until tonight when…when…it happened again.” Really, she had never forgotten about the strange mind connection she had shared with Kylo Ren. She had just brushed it aside in an attempt to not think about him. Tonight, though, had just made it all very real for her all over again. Luke swung to face her. “Tonight?” He stepped closer. “What did you see?” Rey bit her lip, hesitant. Not because she was afraid to tell him what she had seen inside Ren’s head, but more because, well, it just felt kind of private. The young woman shook her head. Private? Like a man like Kylo Ren deserved privacy? Even if he was Han and Leia’s son… Still, when she answered, she simply said, “I think it was a memory…from when he was little.” Luke paused and began to rub his temples. Rey wondered if he was thinking about his wayward nephew from when he was young. When he looked at her again, he asked her no more about what she saw, and instead questioned her about what Ren might have seen in her thoughts. Rey merely shrugged. “I don’t think anything important. I was mainly thinking about Finn and Jakku…” Luke nodded, but when he took his seat once again across from her, his face was serious. “Listen, Rey, I don’t know exactly what is going on here…between you and Ben…I have an idea, but…” He drifted off suddenly, apparently considering his words. When he spoke again, all he said was, “Be careful. Use the Force to block him if you can.” Rey nodded her head. “That’s what I did do…tonight.” “Good,” Luke said, looking over at the glowing hearth. Several heartbeats passed. Rey wondered if she should leave him then so he could think over everything they had discussed some more, even though she felt like she had barely said anything, but as soon as she stood up to do so, the Jedi Master looked at her once more, and said, “There are so many things about my nephew, Rey. Things you need to know. Things I will tell you soon…” Rey stood there a moment, waiting for him to say more, and when he didn’t, she departed, wondering just what more about Kylo Ren she would learn. Kylo With his mask in place, Kylo slung a bag with a few handpicked items over his shoulder and departed his room. Entering the hallway, he found it, mercifully, to be empty. Which was good. The less people he encountered, the better. Not that his presence roaming the ship during typical sleeping hours would be amiss – he was a well-known insomniac since before the events at Starkiller. He had been, for a long time. At least since childhood… The young man clenched his fists and began walking at a rapid speed. He didn’t want to think about his early years – didn’t want to think about the failures he was forced to suffer through, his own and others’. So he didn’t, and instead, let his thoughts drift to the girl yet again that night. She suffered from sleeping issues as well. He knew this for a fact. He had seen it. “At night, desperate to sleep…,” Words he had spoken to her buzzed in his thoughts…acknowledgement of information he had successfully obtained from her. “You imagine an ocean. I see it – I see the island…” An ocean. The island... Kylo suddenly slowed his stride, thinking. Was this place he saw…was it Ahch-To? The very recent memory of standing…or feeling her standing…on a rocky landmass with the sound of crashing waves nearby whirled around in his mind. Had she been having visions about Ahch-To before she saw it? At this realization, he came to a complete stop. Some Stormtroopers who happened to be passing nearby, presumably making rounds, shot him what he was sure were curious stares underneath their helmets. Rather intelligently, though, they did not say anything. Not wanting to risk even the smallest chance of his activities being reported, however, Kylo waved his hand at them, and a moment later, they turned their heels in the opposite direction than they were headed and started back down the hall from where they came, their new point of destination being the nearest refresher. Once they were gone, Kylo’s thoughts instantly returned to the girl. Unable to stop it, an image of her in a snow covered forest wielding his grandfather’s lightsaber – his lightsaber – leapt to the forefront of his mind. She was powerful. More powerful than she knew. He needed to find her. Soon. As such, he made it to the hangar in record time. His sudden appearance surprised the personnel on duty there, but after a few barking orders from him, as well as some help from the Force, they scurried like mice to clear his ship for take-off. Which was not even anywhere near fast enough for their impatient superior. If he could have simply walked onto his waiting craft and flown the coop, so to speak, without all the unnecessary protocol he would have. He wasn’t so much worried about having the girl suddenly slip away again, it was more the fact that with every passing minute he was one moment closer to having Hux awake and aware of his departure. So much so, in fact, that a cold sweat had broken out all over his body. It wasn’t that he was afraid of Hux – such an idea was actually laughable – he was more nervous about what he was capable of… Capable enough of ruining Kylo’s plans, for one. Thus, when he was finally given the “All Clear” to depart, he was never so glad to be blasting out into open space as he was in that single moment. It was a feeling of pure, freeing exhilaration. Or something close to it. But definitely something he hadn’t felt in awhile. After quickly running a scan for any tracking systems linked to his ship, and blocking them, he programmed in the coordinates for Ahch-To. With his destination set, and a smirk on his lips as he imagined the look on Hux’s face when he was discovered absent without leave, he jumped to lightspeed at the first opportunity. Chapter 4 Hux Armitage Hux blinked his eyes once, then twice; a light on his holoprojector was flashing. Someone was trying to call him. Glancing at the glowing numbers of his chronometer, his fingers curled around his blankets in irritation. What idiot subordinate was trying to call him during the middle of sleeping hours? Whoever the fool officer was had better have one phenomenal explanation. Like every single member of the despicable Resistance had suddenly dropped dead. Smoothing his hair quickly with a comb, and making sure he was only viewable from the neck up, the young General jabbed a finger at the blinking apparatus. Instantly, the image of a recently appointed Lieutenant appeared. Figured it would be the new guy… Hux leered at the man, but managed to keep his tone controlled as he said, “Well?” The Lieutenant cleared his throat and made a saluting gesture at his superior. “Er, greetings, General,” the man said, his voice anxious. “I have some news I believe you would want to be informed of.” Hux raised his eyebrows, but said nothing. The Lieutenant’s face flushed, but he stammered on, saying, “The news concerns Kylo Ren.” Hux ignored the urge to lean his head back and stare at the ceiling in exasperation. Of course. It would figure. If it wasn’t something to do with the Resistance, then it would only figure that it would have to concern the emotional wreck that was the Master of the Knights of Ren. The constant thorn in his side. “What about him?” Hux demanded, his voice sounding more threatening than he intended. The Lieutenant blanched at his tone, but kept himself together enough to say, “Sir, Master Ren’s shuttle was observed departing from the hangar one quarter of an hour ago.” What?! Hux felt his eyes bulge in their sockets. They were due to meet with the Supreme Leader in a matter of hours. That arrogant snob knew this. Breathing deeply through his nose, the General asked through clenched teeth, “Who authorized his departure?” The Lieutenant looked confused. “No one, sir. Master Ren…sir, he’s never needed approval.” Hux sucked in his lower lip. What the officer said was true. Ren had always had his run of the ship, coming and going as he pleased. If it had been up to him, however, that annoying privilege would have been stopped ages ago. Still, after the Supreme Leader’s orders for Ren to be brought to him, it would seem only logical that he would not be allowed to leave the Star Destroyer mere hours before their scheduled meeting time. Or that Ren would knowingly choose to leave himself. Hux tapped his finger against his leg. What was the infamous Master of the Knights of Ren up to? “Any information regarding where he may be headed?” Hux asked. “No, sir,” the Lieutenant shook his head. “All tracking systems associated with Master Ren’s shuttle have seemingly been disabled or blocked.” The General felt his knee jerk involuntarily at this news, but he remained poised, thinking. Back-up plan – he always had a back-up plan. Ren, the haughty wretch, was smart, but he, Armitage Hux, was smarter. Infinitely so. He sat for a few moments in silence, contemplating, leaving the Lieutenant to stare at him expectantly. Suddenly, an idea came to him and he felt a smile curl its way onto his lips. “Lieutenant, prepare a team of pilots to fly as soon as I give the order,” he instructed. “Sir?” the Lieutenant looked at him questioningly. Hux didn’t reply but clicked the holoprojector off. He had work to do. Kylo Kylo stared at the small blue planet below him. She was there. He had been right – both in his knowledge of the stars he had seen, as well as that feeling … The young man flexed his hand. He still wasn’t sure how he felt about what was happening with him and the Force…and her. But he was definitely going to take advantage of the situations that seemed to be presenting themselves to him. As he had been...or trying to. Ever since he first heard about… “…a girl.” Suddenly, a clear image of her appeared before him. Not a vision through the Force, more a memory. His thoughts – his view of her. Her, as she was when he first saw her in the woods on Takodana. She had been afraid of him then. And now… The area on his face that had been sliced open by a lightsaber began to tingle. He took a deep breath. Concentrate. He looked to his left and right. Flanking his shuttle were two other ships, onboard of which were his six Knights of Ren who, he was pleased to note, had immediately responded to his summons, no questions asked. As he knew they would. When he gave the command, they would follow him down to the planet. He stared at the control panel before him. And now, that moment had come. Rey Seated as comfortably as she could be on one of the large rocks that covered Luke Skywalker’s island – she didn’t know what else to call the landmass – Rey watched Chewbacca tinkering about on the Millenium Falcon down below. Noticing her, the Wookie gave her a friendly wave, but kept at his work. R2-D2 was nowhere in sight. The young woman thought back to their arrival on Ahch-To. Both Chewie and the droid had been ecstatic to see Luke. The Wookie had wrapped his arms around his old friend in a big bear hug, and Artoo had beeped several noises that she took for the machine’s form of excitement and joy. And it had warmed her heart to see them happy. But she still couldn’t say she felt the same. She didn’t know what she felt. Her conversation with the old Jedi during the night had not gone at all how she had planned. It didn’t really go anywhere. It answered nothing. If anything, it only raised more questions. Particularly in regard to Kylo Ren. Rey stared past the Falcon to the crashing blue waters beyond. What more about that man did she need to know? He was a villainous murderer. He killed his own father as well as scores of other innocent people, probably. And he was involved with the First Order, which was a criminal organization as far as she was concerned. She did not want to think about him. To even consider him. And yet, she did. She thought of the lonely little boy staring up at the stars, and she shivered. Why, though? Why was she affected so? That little boy was nothing like the damaged, pitiful man he had become… And right there, she stopped herself. She had just thought of Kylo Ren as “damaged.” What did that even mean, though? He had certainly damaged himself – cut ties with his family, murdered people, seriously injured Finn... But Master Luke had said… She sighed, tired. And not just from lack of sleep. She felt like her brain was working in overdrive, as it had been since she left Jakku, and part of that was just from her being stuck inside her own head constantly. Overthinking everything. Especially Kylo Ren. The young woman closed her eyes for a few moments, then slid down off the rock. She was going to go talk to Master Luke again. She needed some answers. Immediately. Before her brain crashed altogether. Carefully picking her way along the rocky path, she was almost to the Jedi Master’s dwelling when a funny feeling suddenly came over her, causing her to pause midstep. Then, as if it was the natural thing to do, she turned her gaze to the sky, searching. For what…? Then she knew. She knew. It was… Him. As if he had been summoned by her thoughts about him alone. Rey watched in fascinated horror as a sleek, black shuttle – his shuttle – descended from the sky. Followed by two more ships she had never seen before. How? Kylo As they slowly began their descent to the planet’s surface, Kylo, trusting in the Force to lead his group where they needed to go since they had no exact way of knowing the girl’s location otherwise, couldn’t help the small feeling of excitement that began to course through his body. So close. So very close. He could feel it. Feel her. And then he didn’t just feel her presence, he saw her. Saw her running to the center of the small island she was on. Then, stopping. And staring. At his ship – a ship she knew he was undoubtedly on. Suddenly, Kylo felt his heart start to beat in a rapid frenzy. Control, he reminded himself. Patience. Then, he noticed something else. The girl was not alone. Skywalker. Involuntarily, his hands curled into fists. Of course. How had he not recognized the old Jedi’s presence sooner? Because he wasn’t looking for it… Turning his gaze away from Skywalker, he saw one more figure dashing across the island. Chewbacca. Unexpectedly, a wave of emotion swept over him as he saw the Wookie. Chewbacca had been there…on Starkiller. Kylo had heard him – heard him roar when Han Solo had died. Why was he… His thoughts were interrupted as one of his Knights radioed him. “Master,” the Knight’s voice rang out in the cockpit. “Master, instructions on how we are to proceed, sir?” Kylo stared down at the incoming ground. “You and the other Knights subdue Skywalker and the Wookie,” he commanded. His eyes drifted to the female figure that was becoming clearer and clearer to see. “Leave the girl to me.” Chapter 5 Rey “That’s Ben’s ship isn’t it?” Luke asked, coming up beside Rey, startling her. The young woman gave a short nod of her head, unable to find her voice for the moment; Kylo Ren seemed to have that effect on her sometimes. Looking just past the Jedi, she was relieved to see Chewie had also joined them, bowcaster in tow. Without thinking about it, Rey’s hand drifted to the lightsaber clipped securely at her side, a weight she still didn’t feel comfortable with, despite a week or so of carrying it around. It wasn’t her lightsaber, at least it didn’t feel like it was, even if Luke had refused ownership of it and instead asked her to hold onto it for the time being. She thought longingly of her staff lying uselessly in her sleeping cell, but shook the thought away. It wouldn’t be much good against blasters and other harmful weapons. Like crackling red beams of death… Unconsciously, she shuddered at the memory of Ren’s lightsaber – a flickering, unstable power source, terrible and frightening to behold. Yet disturbingly captivating. Like the man who wielded it. Rey clenched her teeth together. No. If he still had it – if he had repaired it somehow – she would destroy it. Again. Permanently. And as for the man… The young woman watched on bated breath as his shuttle suddenly landed a stone’s throw away, expertly done, almost gracefully. Probably a stormtrooper’s work , she imagined. A stormtrooper like Finn – someone caught up in a life he or she did not choose, but forced to acquiesce to the commands of others. Something Kylo Ren most likely could not relate to. He probably always got what he wanted, she thought, ignoring the image of a sad-eyed child that threatened to disrupt her focus. Several heartbeats passed. Then… The shuttle’s doors were opening. There was a long stretch of silence, and… Him. Kylo Ren. “Ben,” Luke’s voice, barely a whisper, broke into her thoughts; Rey had forgotten he was even there. Actually, she had forgotten about most everything the moment her eyes laid rest on the tall imposing figure draped from head to toe in black that slowly, yet purposefully, descended from the newly landed ship. It was like she couldn’t look away. And what was even more unnerving was the strange realization that she knew he was looking at her. Like she knew he was. Even without being able to see his eyes hidden behind his mask. Dark pools of emotion… The young woman suddenly trembled. Off to her side, she heard Luke say, “I see he’s brought his Knights with him.” She ripped her eyes away from Ren and gaped at Luke. “Knights?” she asked, confused. Luke indicated the other two ships from which more cloaked and masked figures descended from. “The Knights of Ren.” Rey spared a glance at the Knights, but her gaze was quickly drawn back to the man who she knew was their leader; he was advancing toward her small group now with frightening speed. When he was about ten feet away, he suddenly stopped and waited for his companions to gather around him. He was in charge and he wanted everyone to know it. Luke seemed unimpressed, however. “Hello, Ben,” the Jedi Master greeted his nephew as if he didn’t have a care in the world. Silence. No one spoke a word. Rey felt her heart hammering in her chest, and she wrapped her fingers more tightly around the lightsaber at her side. Then… “Go,” Kylo Ren’s synthesized voice commanded. And that was it. With blasters drawn, the Knights of Ren immediately began firing at Rey’s small group, prompting the young woman to quickly draw her saber and activate it, ready to deflect any incoming shots. It took her only a few seconds, however, to realize the Knights weren’t aiming at her; their targets seemed to be Luke and Chewbacca only. Confused, she looked around and saw Kylo Ren staring at her. His lightsaber was drawn, but he made no effort to assist his men in their attacks. He had eyes only for Rey. Kylo Kylo contemplated the girl standing before him. She was just as slight and delicate looking as he remembered. Her arms, though muscled, were thin, and her waist tiny. And while she was slightly taller than most women, her frame was rather small and willowy. But appearances could be deceiving. Because underneath that fragile exterior, as he knew firsthand, was a fighter. A fierce and powerful Force user. And he wanted her. He needed her. Confidently, he took a step toward her. For a moment, she did nothing but stare at him, then, her gaze darting between his lightsaber and his masked face, she narrowed her eyes and tightened her lips into a thin line as her body shifted into a defensive stance, her – his – lightsaber at the ready in her hand. She was prepared to fight him. Casually, Kylo swung his saber in some slow, controlled circles well away from her, not in any hurry – or really wanting to – engage the girl in a duel. He hadn’t travelled halfway across the galaxy to come to blows with her. Instead, he reached out to her with the Force. And he felt their connection – their link – whatever it was that had helped him find her, sense her, bring him to that moment, and he latched onto it. Suddenly, he felt himself wrapped in a myriad of emotions. Some his, some hers. Many so similar between the two of them they were practically the same. Anger, hurt, confusion…He glanced at her and he knew she was feeling it too…the connection… But then, it was over. Shut off like a water faucet. She locked eyes with him and let out a low growl in her throat. “Stay out of my head,” she threw at him. Without thinking about it, he replied, “I’m not here to hurt you.” She looked over his shoulder then, at the fight between his comrades and hers, and said, “I don’t believe you.” Then she raised her lightsaber and lunged at him. Kylo deflected her blow easily, but found himself on the defensive as she continued to aim a volley of well-aimed strikes at him. Yes, she was a fighter… Pushing back at her with the Force, he surprised her and was able to recover his position and, thus, hold his ground. Realizing what he had done, though, she tapped into her own Force powers and began to assail him yet again with another round of jabs and slashes. This time, however, Kylo was prepared for it, and he met her blow for blow. He had no intention of losing. Rey Han and Leia’s son. This is Han and Leia’s son. Rey kept hearing these words repeating over and over again in her head as she swung her lightsaber in an emotion-filled fury at the tall masked man before her. What did she care who he was the son of, though? He was a murderer. An untrustworthy monster. No one she wanted to have anything to do with. And yet, she did. Even if unwanted. Unneeded. There was that…thing…the Force…Her…Him… “‘I’m not here to hurt you,’” he had said. Well what did that mean? What about Luke and Chewie? Did he mean to hurt them? The young woman was so confused she wanted to scream, instead she continued swinging her lightsaber in ever increasingly wild arcs. She wished he would just go away. Leave her to figure out things with Master Luke as she had intended to. Even if it would have taken her days, possibly weeks to get him to fully open up to her. Suddenly, the two did a strange kind of dance with their feet, crossing their weapons together in the process, and bringing them mere inches from each other. “You don’t know why I’m here?” Ren said, his voice emotionless because of the synthesized sound the helmet produced. Rey stared at him. At the mask he wore. And, all of a sudden, the image of his real face materialized before her, as she remembered it. Pale and narrow. Young. Han and Leia’s son… No! She needed to concentrate. He was a terrible, despicable creature. Not be trusted in any way. But, even so, she found her resolve weakening. “I don’t care why you’re here,” she said, but not very forcefully. “I just want you to leave.” Abruptly, he stepped away from her, deactivated his lightsaber, and dropped it to the ground. The young woman was so surprised by this sudden act, she gaped at him. shocked. What was he up to? She was even more stunned when he swiftly reached up to his helmet and lifted it off his head. Just like another moment not so long ago… And everything stood still for an instant, like time ceased to exist. Just them. And Rey didn’t just imagine his face then, she saw it. And it frightened her. But not in a way she was prepared for her. There, right across his face was a scar. Pale and smooth looking. A scar she knew she caused with the very lightsaber she now held in her hand. She didn’t know whether to be proud or disgusted. She was neither, really. She just…was… Confused… “I’m not leaving this island without you,” he said. In his regular voice, his human one. The one that belonged to a boy named Ben who had two parents once a long time ago, in a different life. Rey opened her mouth to reply - with a retort of some kind, but she found she couldn’t move her tongue. It was like she had forgotten how to speak. She was irritated by his audacity and wanted to tell him so, but she was even more bothered by herself and her apparent inability to function normally at the moment. Breathe, she told herself. In out. In out. In out. She began to feel the beginnings of a word forming on her lips. But just as she prepared herself to speak, a loud explosion rocked the island. Kylo Kylo dropped his helmet and grasped at the empty air for support. His knees threatened to buckle beneath him, but he remained standing through sheer force of will. What was going on? He glanced over toward the girl and saw she had been knocked off her feet and was lying in a pitiful heap on the ground, not moving. Suddenly, a strange feeling of desperation came over him. Was she dead? Did he care if she was? He reached out to her through the Force and felt life. He couldn’t feel or see anything else, but she lived. Just to know that, though, was enough. Regaining his equilibrium, the young man looked around and saw off in the distance quite a spectacle. His uncle – Skywalker – had somehow incapacitated all of his Knights, which would explain the recent explosion, and Chewbacca was tying them all together in one big bundle, minus their weapons. Frustrated, Kylo summoned his lightsaber to him and snapped it securely back onto his belt. He grabbed his helmet, placed it once more onto his head, then turned to the girl. She was out cold. He knelt down beside her and, surprising himself, gently rolled her onto her back. Doing a quick scan of her prostrate form, and seeing nothing other than a large bruise on one side of her forehead, scooped her into his arms, stood up, and began to walk. In the direction of Skywalker. Much to his chagrin. Chapter 6 Hux “Supreme Leader.” Hux bowed his head in reverence as the hologram of the Supreme Leader of the First Order appeared before him; as he did so, he did his best to calm his racing heart – not something he was used to doing, but Kylo Ren, the fool, had made things a little difficult for him in the past few hours. In the worst kind of way. Like life or death serious. If he managed to survive this conversation with the Supreme Leader, which he very much did plan on doing, Hux had already formulated a few ideas on how he would make the stuck-up clod pay. “General,” the Supreme Leader acknowledged him, his voice calm and collected, almost eerily so. “I had expected to meet with you and Kylo Ren at this time, but instead I receive an urgent message from you requesting audience via hologram. What is the meaning of this?” Hux stood ramrod straight as he replied, “There has been an unforeseen delay, sir.” The Supreme Leader stared at him, his face as expressionless as ever. “What kind of ‘delay?’” Hux breathed in deeply through his nose. Normally, he would have been ever so happy to share news of Ren’s wayward behavior, but no, not this time. This time it could be his neck on the line. After all, the ship was under his command. Whether orders were implemented or not were his business. And he should have made some sort of order regarding Ren. But who could have foreseen what he did? Particularly on the day they were to meet with the Supreme Leader. “Sir,” Hux said, hoping his voice sounded controlled and not nervous, “it would seem Kylo Ren has abandoned ship.” There was a long silence, then, when the Supreme Leader spoke, his voice was so icy Hux thought he could feel the chill through the hologram. “Explain,” he said. And the young General did, describing in purposeful limited detail the whole embarrassing debacle of Ren’s desertion from the ship. When he finished, there was a long pause, and he felt the Supreme Leader’s cold, dark eyes regarding him rather calculatingly. When the leader of the First Order finally spoke, his words were laced with displeasure. “I’m surprised at you, General. Another crisis so soon after Starkiller. How disappointing. I expected better from you.” “Yes sir,” Hux said. But the young man refused to hang his head in shame just yet. He had one more card up his sleeve. Something he hadn’t told the Supreme Leader about. His back-up plan. “However, sir,” he continued, “I might actually know where Ren is.” The Supreme Leader looked at him with some skepticism, which rankled the officer more than he wanted to let on. “How?” he asked. Hux tapped at his waist with his fingers. “I had a tracking device installed in Ren’s belt months ago. It was how I found him during Starkiller’s destruction, although I never told him that. I don’t believe he even remembers it’s there.” “And?” the Supreme Leader prompted, his body language now giving away interest. Hux couldn’t help the excitement suddenly coursing through him, which he was sure reflected in his voice as he said, “And the tracking device is still displaying an active signal.” The Supreme Leader seemed suddenly to relax. “So tell me, General, just where in the galaxy has my apprentice taken himself.” Hux shook his head slightly. “A planet I’m not familiar with, I’m afraid. A water world by the name Ahch-To.” Suddenly, the Supreme Leader grew quiet. After a few moments, he said rather simply, “Report back to me when you have more news, General,” and he abruptly ended their connection. Hux stared at the now empty space before him, bewildered, but it didn’t last long because… He was safe. He had a reprieve. He could breathe fully again. At least for the moment. And Kylo Ren… He hoped his men were able to find him. Because if they did, he was going to make sure the fool paid. One way or another. Kylo Kylo eyed Skywalker with aggravation. He didn’t want to talk to him. He didn’t want to have anything to do with him. He just wanted to take the girl and go. But no, even with his Force powers he knew he was no match for both Chewbacca’s bowcaster and the old Jedi. He suddenly felt the urge to break something, but he resisted. Instead, he tightened his hold on the girl. How the tides had changed. A little over a week ago, he was scouring the galaxy for any information regarding Skywalker’s whereabouts, and now here he was, and Kylo had lost all interest in him. He had found a different prize instead. Skywalker’s voice broke into his thoughts then. “What are you doing here, Ben?” Kylo inwardly flinched at the name “Ben” and everything that was attached to it. “That’s none of your business,” Kylo replied. Skywalker’s face took on a sad look, but just as quickly, it cleared and he said, “It’s Rey, isn’t it?” he gestured toward the girl. “You’re here for her?” Rey. Kylo tested the name out in his mind. He, of course, had heard her name before, but he had never used it in reference to her. She had always just been “the girl.” And he wasn’t about to start using it in front of Skywalker either. “What I do doesn’t concern you, old man,” he snarled through the helmet. The Jedi shook his head. “I will always be concerned about you, nephew.” Suddenly, a series of images from a long time ago flashed through Kylo’s mind. Skywalker, young and blond haired. A rock levitating off the ground. A little boy clapping his hands in glee. The Force. Learning about it. Embracing it... The young man bit his lip so hard he it made it bleed. He didn’t have time for this. Any of it. But Skywalker was looking at him knowingly. Which begged the question: What exactly did the Jedi know? About him? About what he had done…? Kylo looked down at the girl in his arms. What had she told the old man? Did it matter? Returning his focus to Skywalker, he said, “I don’t need your concern.” Luke Luke regarded his nephew with sorrow, although he made sure to keep his face an impassive mask. He did not want the young man to know how deeply he hurt for him; it would possibly only make the situation they found themselves in more strained and tense. And he didn’t want that. He wanted… What he wanted didn’t matter. Whatever want he had had ended a long time ago. Now he needed to focus on what was needed. And there were a million of those. He decided to start with the easiest one first, and go from there. “Rey needs help,” he said abruptly, gazing at the still woman cradled in his nephew’s arms. Ben shifted his hold on the young woman. “She’s breathing.” “That’s a pretty bad-looking bruise she’s got,” Luke persisted. “She’ll live,” was the response. A long silence followed. Luke looked over to where Chewbacca held the Knights of Ren captive. Eventually, the Jedi Master turned back to his nephew. “What are your plans, Ben?” He paused briefly, then added, “And I mean concerning Rey?” Really, he meant in regard to everything, but he couldn’t say that. His nephew scoffed. “I owe you no explanation.” “No, you don’t. But I can guess,” Luke replied. He let a moment pass, then, “She’s the reason you’re here, isn’t it? You want to leave here with her.” Ben didn’t reply, and Luke knew that he had assumed correctly. But oh, how was he to handle this very messy situation? An unconscious girl. An extremely disgruntled young man. A tied-up group of henchman. And one seriously peeved Wookie. Not the best of circumstances… Luke sighed. He hadn’t asked for this. Hadn’t wanted it. But it had all come to him anyway. As he knew it would. His thoughts turned to his sister. To Leia. Rey had said she wanted him to come home. That he was needed… And there it was, another need. But how could he answer it? The Jedi looked once again at Rey wrapped in Ben’s arms. She needed help right now. First things first. He turned to his nephew. “Here are your options, Ben,” he said, and he could tell by the young man’s agitated shift he didn’t like hearing that. “Bring Rey and come with me. Or, Chewbacca fires his bowcaster and I can’t make any promises about what follows.” Kylo Kylo clenched his teeth together. His hand itched to grab his lightsaber at his side, but to do so would mean having to set the girl down, and there was no way he was doing that. He looked disappointedly over at his Knights; a few of whom were beginning to come to. He had told them to subdue Skywalker and Chewbacca, not to get themselves made prisoners. For the love of the galaxy, there were six of them! He closed his eyes, then, annoyed. He knew his luck with locating the girl had been too good to hold. Something was bound to go wrong. It always did. The constant story of his life. Stars, he did not want to have to do what he knew he was going to have to do. He had no choice, though. The young man turned to his Knights. “I’m going with Skywalker.” Short pause. He looked at Chewbacca and his bowcaster. “Do whatever the Wookie tells you." Then, thinking about it, realizing his men probably weren’t familiar with Shyriiwook, added, “Just don’t do anything stupid.” Snoke Supreme Leader Snoke slowly paced the length of his private chambers. So his apprentice had gone off on some secret mission, had he? Done his very best to his cover his tracks so he couldn’t be found. Told absolutely no one – not even him, his master. Why? The Leader of the First Order gazed thoughtfully at a map of the known galaxy he had projected across the space of the room. Ahch-To. Yes, he was familiar with that planet. But barely. It had been a long time, a very long time since he had given it any thought. He should have, though. He knew what it was. And Kylo Ren, the reason he was going there. Well, there could only be one reason. Someone… But the question that remained was if it was the someone he thought…or another? Finding his way to one of the stiff, high backed chairs in the room, the Supreme Leader collapsed into it, his bones creaking and popping with the movement. How he despised that sound. He prayed General Hux was able to successfully locate and retrieve Ren as he seemed so sure he could. He needed the young Skywalker. He needed him… Chapter 7 Rey Her head hurt. Bad. Like pounding migraine bad. Why did it feel like that? Rey tried to remember what could have caused such an aching pain, but even just thinking felt unbearable to do. She attempted to open her eyes, but found she couldn’t find the energy to do that. It was just easier to keep them closed. Actually, it was easier to just not even do anything at all. Maybe the terrible headache would go away… Somewhere nearby, a voice said, “Here, bring her in here.” It sounded familiar, but it was a little faint and hard to know for sure. Not to mention, her head was throbbing like mad. Luke? Was it Luke? “Be careful with her,” the voice spoke again. Yes, Luke, definitely him. That was good to know. He’d take care of her. Suddenly, another voice spoke up, and she could make it out perfectly despite its strange electronic sound. “I am being careful.” Who was it, though? The voice was odd, but also one she thought she knew, but the haze in her brain produced by the headache made it hard to focus. And the person was close – like so close she could feel him. Was…was this strange sounding person carrying her!? If so, whoever it was had to be rather strong – the individual’s grip seemed secure, but not too tight. Safe. And the person was warm. Rey liked the warm, cradle-like embrace. It was very comforting. She couldn’t remember the last time someone had held her so, if ever. “Put her on the bed here,” Luke’s voice instructed. A couple of seconds later, Rey felt herself be gently laid down on a rather firm feeling mattress. Suddenly, there was a clicking sound, the clatter of something heavy on the floor, and a young man’s voice said rather anxiously, “This is all your fault, you know? That whole little exploding act of yours. It knocked the girl clean off her feet.” Rey’s ears perked up despite the pain in her skull. Yet another voice, and again, one she was positive she had heard before. Where? “So you’re worried about her, then?” Luke asked. There was a long pause, then the younger-sounding man said, “Think whatever you want, Skywalker.” “I will,” was the response. Rey heard some rummaging and what sounded like feet shuffling about, then Luke’s voice again as he said, “If you’re going to stand there hovering over the young woman, you could at least apply this to that bruise.” Again, another long moment of silence – Rey wished desperately she could see what was going on – then, the sound of ripping paper. The next thing she knew, someone was very delicately, as if the person was almost hesitant to do so, smoothing her hair away from her face, and then, even more gently, carefully applying something to her forehead, right where the epicenter of her pain was. Almost instantaneously, she felt some of the bite to her headache recede. Relief. Then… “Ben,” Luke said. “Stop calling me that!” the young man growled back. The two voices, Luke’s and the young man’s, continued going back and forth with each other, one imploring the other argumentative, but Rey didn’t hear them. Her mind was spinning. Ben?! Kylo Ren. How had she not realized that sooner!? The young woman inwardly groaned. Kylo Ren, that…that… despicable…man, he …had touched her. Carried her – like a groom carries his bride. And she…she had enjoyed it. In her headache induced stupor, she had liked him holding her. Oh galaxy… As if it wasn’t already bad enough that she couldn’t stop thinking about him. Now this? Suddenly, his voice cut into her thoughts. She wanted to ignore it, but something – his tone, a word – something caught her attention and she couldn’t tune him out any more. “…I’m not here with the First Order,” Kylo Ren snarled. “I know what happened at Starkiller,” Luke replied. “You don’t know everything.” “Then tell me.” “Why? For you to say I’m lying as usual?” This was important, this conversation, and Rey strained her ears to listen and her mind to focus, but she found she couldn’t do either very well as a sudden wave of tiredness washed over her. The thing they had put on her forehead, whatever it was, it seemed to have a side effect…drowsiness. The last thing she remembered thinking before sleep claimed her once again was why Kylo Ren would believe Luke thought he was a liar. He was, wasn’t he? Luke Luke stared sadly at his nephew. “I don’t think you’re lying, Ben.” Several heartbeats passed. The young man who now called himself “Kylo Ren” said nothing, instead he gazed fixedly at the prone figure of the young woman on the bed. The Jedi Master longed to know what he was thinking about, but refrained from asking. There had been a time once, long ago, Luke remembered with sorrow, when this very same boy – an adult now, a child then – had come to him with both his worries and joys. Sometimes, even before his parents. Wanting to tell his “Uncle Luke” before anyone else. Asking him advice, sharing his adventures and accomplishments… “It’s too late, old man,” his nephew finally replied. Then, turning to face him, his voice expressionless, added, “Your words mean nothing to me now.” Luke felt his heart drop into his stomach, as what Ben said resounded over and over in his ears. He had heard these words before. Another time, another place. Him. Ben. The Knights of Ren. Destruction. Chaos. Failure… No. No! Not again. Suddenly, words Luke himself had spoken what felt like a lifetime ago, when he himself was a young man, surfaced in his thoughts. Words about another person he had cared for. Words about someone who had also…walked a darker path. "There is still good in him." He had said that to Obi-Wan regarding his father, Darth Vader. And if someone as committed to the Dark Side as Vader had been was still able to find the Light at the end, then there was hope for Ben. Even if he could not see it. After all, didn’t he say he hadn’t come to Ahch-To with the First Order? That had to mean something, right? Of course, it made the Jedi Master even more curious about what his nephew was up to. Yes, he had come looking for Rey, but what did he want her for? What was he hoping to accomplish? And just where was the First Order going to fit into all this…if at all? Suppressing feelings of worry, Luke’s thoughts abruptly turned to another person. Han. His friend. The Jedi closed his eyes briefly, remembering the smiling, happy face of the smuggler from when they were young, first flying out around the galaxy together on the Falcon . It hurt to think about him. What happened… But… Han, too, must have believed that there was hope for his wayward son. Even if he had ended up paying the ultimate price for it. Could Luke believe any less? Taking a deep breath, the Jedi said, “It’s never too late, Ben.” Kylo Kylo stood speechless for a moment, unsure how to react to what Skywalker said. Did the Jedi honestly believe that? That everything that happened between them in the last twenty or so years would just disappear and be forgotten? That everything would just somehow be okay…no matter how bad things had become? Better yet, could he, himself, believe that? No. He could not. And yet… Just behind him he could feel the girl’s presence. Something there. A feeling. But not just that…. The sudden the remembrance of a choice. The young man shook his head as if to clear his mind of any distracting thoughts. It didn’t matter what Skywalker believed. He knew why he had come to that island…and it wasn’t for anything the old man said or had to offer him. He had made a plan for himself and that was that. The young man opened his mouth to offer some retort to the Jedi, but before he could, a sudden loud beeping sound distracted both of them. Kylo could barely believe his eyes as another figure from his past abruptly rolled into the small hut without preamble. R2-D2. But it was anything but nostalgia Kylo felt when he saw the astromech droid. Instead, he felt a terrible sinking feeling in his stomach. Something wasn’t right. And that feeling was only reinforced as Skywalker said, “First Order ships? Are you sure?” The droid made another beeping noise, and Skywalker turned to Kylo, a frown creasing his brow. “Artoo says he detected four First Order ships enter this system.” Kylo felt a lump form in the back of his throat. First Order ships? How was that possible? He had taken every precaution… The young man suddenly clenched his fists. It was that blasted Hux, he knew it. Somehow he had figured out where he was and sent his goons after him. If he ever saw that annoying red-haired weasel again… “…Ben?” Kylo looked at Skywalker. The older man had said something, but he had entirely missed what it was, so he merely shook his head and stated, “They’re not here on my orders.” He paused, then added, “I told you, I didn’t come here with them.” “How did they find us then?” the Jedi prodded, irritating the younger man. Kylo gritted his teeth. “I have no idea.” He took a deep breath. “I blocked all the First Order tracking devices linked to my ship.” “Your Knights?” “Outside of the First Order realm.” There was a moment of silence, then Skywalker turned back to the droid and said, “Run a scan of my nephew here checking for any hidden tracking devices, Artoo. Those First Order ships found their way here somehow and I want to know how they did it.” Kylo opened his mouth to protest, but without waiting for his approval to do so, R2-D2 went ahead and did a quick scan of him; immediately, the small droid picked up something and started beeping loudly. Luke took a step forward and said, “Artoo says you have a tracking mechanism in your belt.” Kylo was dumbfounded for a moment. What?! Then it was like somebody slapped him in the face. Hux! How had he forgotten?! The young man felt his face turn red as he abruptly ripped his belt off and found the offending device; he immediately pulled it out and flung it into a fire Skywalker had burning. Suddenly, he felt an intense urge to throttle someone, but unfortunately, that someone happened to be on the other side of the galaxy. He turned back toward Skywalker, but the older man had shifted his focus from him to the open door. “We can finish this conversation later, Ben. I think we have some business elsewhere to take care of first,” he said. Then, he turned to R2-D2 and added, “And I’d like to talk to you as well, Artoo, about picking and choosing which ships to tell me about,” and he nodded his head in Kylo’s direction meaningfully. The droid did not respond. Skywalker slipped out of the hut and Kylo was left staring at the empty spot where he had been. The Jedi had clearly meant for the young man to follow him, but he made no move to do so. If truth be told, Kylo had no idea really what the old man was expecting…or hoping…from him. Compliance? The Master of the Knights of Ren sighed and grabbed his helmet off the floor, sliding it down over his head. Everything was getting so muddled and his plan had been so simple to start with. Go to Ahch-To, retrieve the girl, and leave. Then Skywalker showed up with his baggage, and now the First Order. He wasn’t prepared for all this. It was like worlds colliding. Without thinking about it, his eyes drifted past R2-D2 who was still in the hut, probably observing him, to the girl lying helplessly on the bed. Kylo remembered back to their confrontation just before Skywalker’s explosion. Of her power and ability with the lightsaber. Her strength and determination. He had been impressed – more than he had ever felt with anyone before. And then there had been the Force. Everything about their encounter had felt so strong with it… He looked around the quiet hut once more and made a decision. His plan…it was still possible. Skywalker was gone and the First Order wasn’t there yet. Using his lightsaber, he cut a hole in the back wall of the hut, opposite from the way Skywalker had exited. Then, with Artoo still presumably watching, he leaned over the girl and gently lifted her into his arms once more. Without a backward glance, he departed the abode and began walking. To the closest possible ship. Luke “The First Order is on its way here,” Luke announced to Chewbacca, who still had his bowcaster angled toward the Knights of Ren menacingly. The Wookie looked at him, then back over his shoulder at the hut where the Jedi had left his nephew a minute or two ago. Luke shook his head. “Ben said he didn’t call for them. And I – I believe him.” Chewbacca nodded, simply accepting what he said, and returned his focus to the tied-up group of men; Luke also regarded them. They looked rather pathetic in their current state, but he knew they were tried-and-true warriors. And not only that, but men his nephew trusted to stand by him. Perhaps they could now use that to help them. Luke peered up at the sky, his eyes scanning the wide blue expanse. No sign of any incoming ships yet, but they were on their way, and, if he was honest with himself, it frightened him some. It was a different kind of feeling than he had when Ben had arrived. With Ben, he had been wary and concerned, but not scared. He didn’t think he could ever be scared of Ben. Scared for him, but not of him…no matter how many terrible things he had done. Ben would always be…Ben…that tiny little baby he had once held…Loved… Suddenly, the sound of a roaring engine caught the Jedi’s attention. He glanced at the sky, but nothing, still no ships. Then, he looked over and stared. The Millenium Falcon was slowly lifting off. The Jedi Master didn’t have to use the Force to figure out who was on the ship. He knew . Ben . And Rey. Chewbacca abruptly let out a roar, and Luke reached over and put a calming hand on his furry arm, while he mentally kicked himself. Why did he ever leave Ben alone with Rey? Had he not guessed that the young woman was the reason his nephew had come to Ahch-To to begin with?...and he just left them alone together! Force help him, he had actually believed Ben was just going to… What?! He had no idea what he thought his nephew was going to do…what he was thinking…what he was feeling…Nothing! And now he had Rey. But the strange thing was, Luke didn’t know if this was a bad thing…or a good thing. All he could do was watch – helplessly – as the Falcon suddenly rocketed up into the sky far out of his reach, and wonder. Always wondering… About the past, the present, and the future. He wasn’t able to do that for long, however, as he suddenly saw four new ships come soaring into Ahch-To’s atmosphere at an alarmingly rapid speed. The First Order had arrived. Now it was time for action. Turning to the Wookie and the bound Knights, he quickly began to form something resembling a plan. It was a crazy one, probably doomed to fail, but it was all he had, and he was going to go with it. “Chewbacca,” he said, “untie these guys,” and he indicated the six Knights. Chewie shot him a look like he must be going mad, but he simply shook his head and explained, “We’re going to have them follow their Master’s last orders to them…Or else,” and he suddenly activated his lightsaber, its green beam brilliant. Chapter 8 Luke “You see those ships?” Luke quietly but sternly asked the Knights of Ren, waving his arm with his currently deactivated lightsaber in the direction of the incoming First Order space crafts. “They’re on their way here for your Master.” He let his words sink in for a moment, then added, “Presumably to retrieve him.” For a moment, there was nothing, just a strange kind of lull. No words. No movement. Just empty silence. Then, as a unit, the six masked men began shifting nervously and casting each other quick glances, most likely wondering if what the Jedi Master said was true, perhaps even pondering what he meant by ‘retrieve.’ To be honest, Luke wasn’t even quite sure himself, but if Ben had said he hadn’t called for the ships, then what other reason would they have to come to Ahch-To if not in search of him? The youngest living member of the famed Skywalker bloodline. The prize of the First Order. The prize of Snoke… Luke lifted his eyes skyward once more and watched in surprise and dread as two of the crafts suddenly veered off in a different direction. After the Millennium Falcon … After Ben. And Rey. An innocent in this whole mess. The Jedi exhaled slowly. He didn’t even know what to think anymore. Most especially about his nephew. Good or bad, he didn’t know, but the Force was at work, somehow. He could feel it, and maybe, just maybe, that in itself meant something. Hope… He turned back to the Knights. “If you have any loyalty to your Master,” he said. “Any at all. Which,” and he stared hard at them, “I know you do…probably better than anyone…you will do what I tell you.” There was a long pause, then one of the Knights spoke up. “Our orders were to obey the Wookie, not you, Skywalker. And seeing as how we can’t understand him…” Luke and Chewie looked at each other. Then, without waiting for instruction from the Jedi, the Wookie suddenly let out a mighty roar, turned and aimed his bowcaster off at some rocks just beyond the Knights, causing a small explosion of flying stones and other debris. Luke didn’t even flinch at the blast, but his nephew’s men all flung their hands over their heads or faces in cover. “And that, gentlemen,” Luke said, “is my friend’s way of telling you to listen to me, or he can demonstrate the use of his bowcaster again, but this time with a different target…” The threat hung in the for a moment, then a Knight said, “Fine. Whatever. What do you want us to do?” Luke stared at the Knight who spoke. “Fight with me,” he replied. “Against the First Order.” Rey Rey rolled over onto her side and cracked her eyes open; she was surprised to find herself staring at the cold, drab walls of the sleeping quarters on the Millennium Falcon . Odd. When had she gotten there? And why did it feel like the world was spinning? Like literally spinning! Were they – she, and whoever else was onboard – in flight?! If so, why did it feel like they were flying through an asteroid field? The young woman sat up quickly, and only then realized her head no longer hurt. The terrible headache was gone. Well, that was good news, but just what in the galaxy was going on? Where was Luke? She remembered hearing his voice just moments ago… Was it moments? And the other one. Kylo Ren. Where was he? For the briefest second in time, she remembered the feeling of his arms wrapped around her, cradling her. Holding her like she was his… She shuddered, forcing the memory away. That was the last thing she wanted to think about. Standing up on shaky legs, she propelled herself out into the hallway, swaying with each jerky motion of the ship. Bracing herself against the wall, she edged her way through the vessel toward the cockpit, while a multitude of questions formed in her now very alert brain. Number one being: Who was flying the ship? It didn’t take long for her to find out. Rounding the corner that lead into the cockpit, she came to an abrupt stop, her heart dropping into her stomach. No, it couldn’t be. How…? Him. And suddenly, hitting her like a brick wall, a strange sensation came over her. A feeling – not hers, but one she recognized. A longing. For something. Home. And there was this ship. And there was laughter. And loving arms. And hugs and kisses. And sadness… “I know you’re there.” His voice. No, not his voice. The mechanical one. His mask. “I can feel you,” he said. Rey stood frozen for a moment. Not because she was scared, strangely, but because she was surprised. Were those his thoughts she had somehow tapped into again? Alarmed and annoyed, she stalked the rest of the way into where he was sitting at the controls; he barely glanced her way, though, as he suddenly pulled the Falcon into a sharp turn, nearly throwing the young woman right into his lap. Just what in the star-strewn sky was he doing? Rey prepared herself to accuse him of whatever villainy he was up to when her eyes suddenly caught sight of a First Order ship firing at them. First Order…? What?! Suddenly, words from a half-remembered conversation floated into her thoughts. “I’m not here with the First Order.” He had said that. Ren had said that. She remembered him saying that to Luke in her pain-riddled state. Oh. My. Galaxy. Eyes focused on the enemy craft and knees feeling rather watery all of a sudden, she said rather weakly without thinking anything about who she was speaking to, “They’re trying to kill us.” There was a pause, then, “No,” Ren replied in his synthesized voice. “They’re trying to intimidate us.” She looked at him blankly, not understanding. “Why would they do that?” Again, there was a pause before he answered, then, “Because they want us to return to Ahch-To.” Rey just continued staring at him for a few more seconds, then she felt her senses come back to her, as well as her anger. This was his fault. All of it. How else would the First Order have known anything about Ahch-To? But then a cold tingle crawled up the length of her spine. And she remembered something else. Her. It was because of her. She had given the destination away to him. And from him – that father-murdering, disgusting… Suddenly, the Falcon dipped down into a dive as a shot from one of the other ships went soaring overhead, and it was all Rey could do to maintain standing, nevermind holding her last train of thought. “I suggest you take a seat and buckle yourself in,” Ren stated, unnaturally calm given the circumstances, but then again, it was hard to tell for sure because of the mask. “You can’t tell me what to do,” the young woman snarled. “This is my ship!” Unexpectedly, Kylo Ren released his grip on the controls and reached his hands up; Rey prepared herself for some sort of attack, but all he did was grab his helmet and toss it to the floor, then resume his position. Once again, Rey found herself staring at the face of a young man, which unnerved her just as much as it did every other time she had seen it. She allowed herself to be distracted enough, that when he said, “Says who?” she barely heard it. Then, irritated with herself for losing focus, she snapped, “Your mother!” Silence. Ren did not reply, and Rey almost wished she could take back what she said. It was just kind of awkward given, well, everything, and it had clearly struck some sort of chord with him. Not to mention, he was very unpredictable. Who knew how he would react to such a statement? In the end, he did nothing. He kept his eyes focused on flying as he said rather quietly but firmly, as if he hadn’t even heard her last declaration at all, “One of us is going to have to take gunner if we want to have any hope of escaping them.” Them. As in the First Order. Rey stood there indecisive. The last thing she wanted to do was take orders from him, but also, she didn’t want to be captured by the First Order either. Not that she wasn’t already his captive, anyway, it would seem… Inwardly, she fumed. If it wasn’t for him, she wouldn’t even be in such a predicament at the moment. It was one thing to crash land on the planet she just so happened to be on, but kidnapping her was something completely different altogether. Still, her chances of escaping, if that was what she had to do, were better with just him, than they were against the First Order. Desperate times called for desperate measures... “You,” she said finally, begrudgingly. “You take gunner.” She took a deep breath, then added matter-of-factly, “You’re probably more experienced at it than I am.” He said nothing for a moment, perhaps not ready or wanting to release his hold on the controls, then smoothly lifted himself from the pilot’s chair. And stood beside her. Towered over her, would be more accurate. And they held each other’s gaze for a split second. Long enough that Rey was able to get a good look at the scar on his face. Then he turned away to head down the corridor, and she slipped into his vacated seat, still warm from him. Reaching forward, she flipped the intercom switch that would allow them to communicate with each other from their respective locations, then, waiting a few seconds, said, “Ready?” “Ready,” he replied. Luke “Where is Kylo Ren?” Wouldn’t I like to know , Luke thought, but he didn’t say that out loud to the Stormtrooper who asked, instead he studied the soldier in his spotless white armor, as well as the ten others who flanked him. Not an even match, but Luke had seen worse odds. Eight to eleven wasn’t bad. “Kylo Ren is here,” the Stormtrooper continued when the Jedi didn’t respond. “We tracked his whereabouts to this island. Now where is he, old man?” Luke shrugged and said rather airily, “I don’t know what you are talking about. There is no one here by that name.” The Stormtrooper shifted the blaster he held in his hands. “Stop playing games, old man. You think we don’t know who you are, but we do.” “And who is that?” Luke asked. If the Stormtrooper wasn’t wearing a helmet, Luke bet he would have spit on the ground as he said, “Some no account old hermit who’s trying to act more important than he is.” Luke couldn’t help the smile that suddenly formed on his lips. “You’re probably right,” he agreed, nodding his head. The Stormtrooper shifted again, clearly annoyed. “You won’t be smiling much longer, fool, if you’re lying. We’re with the First Order and it’s not very smart to try and double-cross us.” “So I’ve heard,” the Jedi Master replied, “but me and my friends here,” and he indicated Chewbacca and the six Knights of Ren, who were thankfully being compliant, “we don’t take kindly to threats.” “Who was on that ship that just departed from here?” the Stormtrooper asked, suddenly changing the topic, ignoring Luke’s veiled warning. “That’s none of your business,” Luke said. “So you’re withholding information from the First Order then?” Luke was tired of all the questions. It was time to make an end of this conversation. Activating his lightsaber, he said, “Yes.” Then, as one, the others around him instantly raised their weapons as well. “So that’s how it’s going to be, is it?” the lead trooper asked. “Alright, old man, if it’s a fight you want, it’s a fight you’ll get. Troops,” he held up his hand, “at my order.” Luke shook his head in disappointment. “You never even asked me my name.” The Stormtrooper laughed. “No one cares who you are, you worthless scum. No one.” Seconds later, the air was filled with the sounds of fighting. Rey Rey felt sweat beading on her forehead, but she ignored it as she kept her hands firmly planted on the controls and her eyes focused intently on the shiny silver First Order space craft that was relentlessly pursuing the Millennium Falcon , despite the fact that its companion ship had been blasted into the next system over five minutes ago. Clearly the pilot of the enemy vessel didn’t know how to take a hint. Or Kylo Ren was just that important to them. Possibly both, but... Seriously, though. Why was that…man…so valuable to the First Order? The young woman wished she had been able to spend more time with Master Luke. She had so many questions. Luke said there were things she needed to know about Ren, presumably important things. What were they? Out of nowhere, a name – something she had heard before – whispered through her mind. Snoke. Involuntarily, she shuddered. Concentrate , she reprimanded herself as she pulled the Falcon into an abrupt ascent to avoid taking some critical hits from the enemy. You’re going to get yourself killed, or worse, taken captive by the First Order . Neither of which were at all appealing. Not that being Kylo Ren’s captive was appealing either. How was it possible that she could be a captive in her own ship? Not to mention docilely working with him?! She wracked her brain to explain just how that had happened. And speaking of the man… His voice suddenly sounded throughout the cockpit. “Bring us back around and let’s try to go in for another shot at them.” Rey didn’t reply, but did do as he requested. Truly abhorrent as it was for her to admit, the man was proving to have impressive…she shuddered…no, decent…skills and tactics when it came to dogfights – having successfully taken out an enemy ship within the first couple of minutes of them working together. And it had been quite…a sight… A heart-pounding chase. The Millennium Falcon looping in the air. A surprise attack from behind. A flurry of bright, shining missiles. Her flying. Him shooting. It had all been like clockwork. Suddenly, she thought of her and Finn’s escape from Jakku. The two experiences seemed so similar, yet completely unalike. Then, she had been on her home turf – known the landscape and landmarks as well as how to navigate them. In space, though, everything was different – especially the company she was currently keeping, and because of this, she found herself making herself try harder, do better… Or maybe she was just being overly precise about everything because she didn’t want him to see her fail… No , she told herself firmly. She was just a good pilot, that was all. And him, well, he was just…something. The young woman took a deep breath of air. This was not at all how she thought this day was going to go. Being complementative of Kylo Ren, for one. No…no…no…no… Once again, his voice broke into her thoughts. “Okay,” he said, “now just a little to the left, and…” A second later, Rey watched in nervous fascination as Ren fired the Falcon’s cannons and one well-aimed shot connected with the remaining First Order ship. She almost clapped her hands together in celebration, but remembered at the last second who she was dealing with, and contained herself. Besides that, she wasn’t even entirely sure if cheering for those men and women’s demises was a good thing. Sure, they may have been working for a criminal organization, but were their deaths truly necessary? Was their dying less important than Kylo Ren’s living? Nothing at all made sense any more, and why did she have the sneaking suspicion that she was smack dab in the center of it all? She sat in her chair for a few moments, staring at the spot where the enemy ship had last been, now only a memory of smoke and other floating debris. What now? Hearing footsteps pounding their way down the corridor, she pushed herself up out of her seat. And there he was, Ren, standing in the middle of the cockpit’s entry. She expected his face to be covered in triumphant glee and arrogant pride, but it wasn’t. If anything, he looked sad. Chapter 9 Rey Kylo Ren was sad. It was all over his face. And it wasn’t just that, Rey could feel it. Suddenly, she was taken back to Starkiller. To Han and his death. And the moment afterward. Then...she had seen it then. The same look on his face. Horror. Pain. Sadness. She had forgotten about that… But, seeing him now, it made that moment real all over again, and it startled her. Why was he sad? Then, as if he had somehow sensed what she was wondering, Ren’s face quickly smoothed to one of indifference, the brief display of emotion gone, and, noticing this, Rey frowned. What did he have to be sad about anyway? He had made his choices. Bad choices. It didn’t matter anything to her. But it did… Reaching back, she gripped the pilot’s chair behind her, as if to steady herself. Where had that thought come from?! Perhaps she was still feeling some strange after-effects from hurting her head earlier. “Take me back to Ahch-To,” she said abruptly, breaking the silence. “No,” he replied. Then, “That would not be wise and you know it.” She glared at him. She didn’t care how prudent it would be or not. Did he think he was going to get to control her? Do whatever he wanted with her? Feeling her anger rising, she started to lift her hand some, as if reaching for something, but realized what she was reaching for wasn’t there. The lightsaber. She didn’t have it. Her eyes drifted to Ren’s scar. Would she actually have used it if she did? Obviously realizing what she was thinking, not through any connection they may share but by her actions alone, Ren shook his head. “You’re strong in the Force, but still untrained. You’d lose against me even if you had the lightsaber.” He didn’t say it in a mean way, or even arrogantly, he just stated it matter-of-factly. And it was true. She couldn’t beat him. His defeat on Starkiller at her hands had been pure luck and they both knew it. If he hadn’t been previously injured, not to mention, an emotional wreck at the time, it was doubtful she would have won the duel, even with her tapping into the Force. Not about to back down, though, Rey jabbed a finger in his direction. “You kidnapped me!” “Now that,” he said, “is up for debate.” “How so?” Rey looked around at her surroundings before bringing her gaze back to him. “It kind of looks like that way to me.” “I thought you said this was your ship?” he asked seriously. Rey ground her teeth together. “It is. But that doesn’t mean you didn’t steal it as well as kidnap me.” He laughed then, but there was no humor behind it. “Trust me, this would be the last ship I would want to steal.” That, for some reason, stopped Rey cold, and all she could do was stare at him for a moment. So when she asked, “So how come you’re on it?” it came out a lot more gently than she would have originally said it. He turned away from her and stared out at the open space beyond. Several heartbeats passed, then he said, “The First Order was coming and it was the closest ship.” The young woman absorbed what he said, but her thoughts instantly turned to those who weren’t with them. Luke. Chewbacca. R2-D2. Even his men. What about them? When Rey questioned him about them, all he did was shrug his shoulders and say, “I don’t know. Still on Ahch-To, I imagine.” “Still on Ahch-To?!” she exclaimed. “Left to deal with the First Order alone?” “We did,” he replied, his eyes still focused on the view out the window. “That – that was different” Rey stuttered, although deep down she knew it wasn’t really. He didn’t respond and she looked at him – at his tall, darkly clad figure. His broad shoulders and arms she could tell were well muscled despite the fabric covering them. His black hair. His scar… “Take me back to Ahch-To,” she said again. “No.” “I want to help the others.” “They’re not important.” Well, if that wasn’t the most arrogant thing to say… Frustrated, she put her hands on her hips and scowled at him. “Please,” she said, “Tell me then. Who is?” He turned back to her, then, and held her gaze with his dark, dark eyes. Rey desperately wanted to look away, but found herself unable to. Several long moments passed. Then, he said, “You.” Luke “Luke…” Luke turned his head and looked off toward the other side of his island. Someone – no, something was calling him. And it wasn’t so much a voice he was hearing, it was more… A feeling. The Force? Glancing at Chewbacca, as well as the six Knights of Ren, who were busy organizing unconscious Stormtroopers onto the various ships cluttering the small landmass, the Jedi Master took the opportunity to slip away for the moment. There wasn’t a lot of time to dawdle, he knew – no doubt the First Order was probably already aware at least two of their ships were now permanently disabled from their network, thanks to Chewbacca’s superior knowledge of space craft technology, but he had to investigate whatever it was he felt was calling out to him. Traversing the length of the small island for what could be his final time, he took in every rock, every crashing wave, and every deep breath of salty sea air that he could. He had no choice, he had to leave the island – the planet, but he was going to miss it. It had been his home. His refuge. But now, it was just another stop on his on-going journey. Time to move on. But first, one last mission needed to be accomplished. Picking his way carefully along the rocky landscape, he felt that…feeling…whatever it was, reaching out to him. Calling to him. And with every step he took it became stronger. And then… Suddenly, he saw something… Silver and shining in the light. A memory from the past. He reached out his hand and the object flew into his open palm, like it had been waiting for him to do just that. Calling him… His lightsaber. No, that wasn’t right. He had given it away a long time ago. But now, it had found its way back to him…again. How had it ended up out here? Rey. She must have dropped it when she hurt herself. Luke stared solemnly at the lightsaber that his father had once wielded. That he, himself, had used as well. And so, too, had Ben… Just what was the Force trying to tell him? Want from him? Wrapping his fingers tightly around the old Jedi weapon, he forced himself to clear his mind. Maybe it just wanted him to trust... But who or what? was the question. Slipping the lightsaber inside a satchel he was carrying with him, he hurried back over to where the others were finishing up the last of the preparations for departure. Chewbacca cast him a curious glance, but other than him, no one else paid him any special notice at his sudden reappearance. “Were you able to get the coordinates from Leia? The Jedi Master asked the Wookie. Chewie nodded and motioned for Luke to follow him onto one of the ships. Ben’s ship. Entering the shuttle’s cockpit, Chewbacca indicated a screen on the control panel; Luke’s eyes widened slightly when he saw where his sister was making the newest Resistance base. “Really?” he looked at Chewie, who then nodded in affirmation. “And just to be sure, you’re one hundred percent certain the First Order won’t be able to track us there?” The Wookie bobbed his head up and down again. Luke patted the Wookie gratefully on his arm. “Very good, Chewbacca.” He turned to look out the shuttle’s windows. “Now let’s get these ships in the air. Get Artoo. And get your men ready.” He meant the Knights of Ren. “We’ve got a galaxy to cross.” Kylo The girl gaped at him, a stunned expression covering her face. A moment passed. And another. Then, crossing her arms and giving him a hard look, she said rather sarcastically, “Oh, nice try. But if you even think saying something like that is going to get you anything…” She stopped herself abruptly, letting her sentence dangle, her cheeks a fine shade of red. Kylo felt his own cheeks flaming hot, and he desperately wished he was still wearing his mask. Life was so much easier when he had that nice little shield in place. “All I meant,” he said in a forced calm voice a heartbeat later, “was that you are important…as an individual .” He paused, then added, “Nothing else.” Registering his words, the girl’s face suddenly softened some, but the bright pink flush to her cheeks had yet to disappear. “I still don’t trust you,” she said a few awkward seconds later. Kylo contained the sigh that threatened to slip out from between his lips. “I know,” he said, “but you should,” and he slipped past her to sit in the co-pilot’s chair. She whipped around to face him. “You’ve done horrible, monstrous things!” she exclaimed. “And you expect me to trust you?!” The young man clenched his fists, frustrated but not angry, and replied in a cool voice, “There are many things you don’t understand.” The girl exhaled loudly. Out of the corner of his eye, Kylo could see her staring out at the star-filled sky before them. Eventually, she said, with a touch of irritation to her voice, “So I keep being told.” Kylo said nothing in response and let a few quiet moments slip by. Then, he began pressing buttons on the control panel. This instantly got the girl’s attention. “What are you doing?” she demanded. “Preparing us for a jump to hyperspace,” he replied. “Hyperspace?” she repeated. “I don’t want to go with you into hyperspace! I want to go back to Ahch-To with Luke and Chewbacca. What if they’ve been hurt or captured and need help? We - I can’t just leave them!” Kylo shook his head. While he admired the girl’s tenacity and drive, he was weary of the argument, and said, “No. The First Order could already be sending more ships this way. It’s more important that we get out of here while we can. Skywalker would tell us the same…” He paused, then amended what he was about to say with, “He can manage on his own” The girl, surprisingly, said nothing in response to that and slumped into the pilot’s chair next to him. Kylo glanced over and saw exhaustion etched on her face. Seeing her like that made him realize just how tired he was as well. It had been one extremely long day. Maybe once they were in hyperspace, they could both try to rest a little. He just needed to decide on their destination first… He was so caught up in his train of thoughts, he almost missed as the girl said quietly, “Why am I so important to you?” Kylo was taken aback for a moment. Her tone – it wasn’t defiant or even contemptuous. It was…curious, and he didn’t know how to react to that, so he did nothing. He just sat there. With her. The scavenger from Jakku. On the Millennium Falcon . Finally, he said, “I need your help to defeat Snoke.” Hux General Hux dug his clenched fingers so hard into his palms the skin began to break. He didn’t feel it, though. Nor did he notice the violent twitch his left eye had begun to do. All he saw were tiny red dots, or rather, the spot on his computer screen where four tiny red dots used to be Four First Order ships. All gone. Destroyed or otherwise compromised in some way. What had happened? Tearing his eyes away from the computer, the young General began to pace. Ren. That loathsome, detestable abomination. This was all his fault. Everything. Beginning with Starkiller. Well, no more. Hux had had enough. He’d report to the Supreme Leader. He had to. About what was becoming ever more obvious to him was Ren’s defection from the First Order. And then… Then he wanted to see the wretch suffer. Even if he had to search every planet in the known galaxy for him. Even if it was the last thing he ever did… Chapter 10 Rey Rey was speechless. Utterly so. She almost wondered if she was dreaming – that maybe if she pinched herself she would wake up. She was just so…so…completely flummoxed. Had Kylo Ren really just asked her to help him defeat Snoke? That didn’t even seem possible - and was not at all what she thought he was going to say. Not that she had any clue what she expected to come from his lips, but that definitely wasn’t it. Not even close. Wasn’t Snoke the leader of the First Order? Not to mention, some sort of master to him? Would that be former master now…? After all, someone who is with the First Order doesn’t suddenly get into a space battle with them out of the blue, right? She glanced at the young man sitting next to her; he was back to pressing buttons on the control panel and she didn’t make any effort to stop him, despite her earlier protests. For whatever reason, she just couldn’t find it in her to do so. So when he suddenly began a countdown for a jump into hyperspace, she said and did nothing. She just sat there and let him take her away…again. It was only when she saw the stars begin to turn into long streaks of light outside the Millennium Falcon’s windows that she jerked herself out of her stupor, prompted by a memory…of another flight through hyperspace onboard the Falcon . With Han. Suddenly, image after image of the old man’s face slid across her thoughts. And the unnerving thing was, though, they weren’t all her own memories… She looked at Ren again and saw him running his gloved hands through his hair. What is he thinking about? she found herself wondering, while carefully making sure her own mind was locked tight to any intrusions. No , she told herself, you don’t want to know . Still, questions lingered. A lot. But there was one above all the others she wanted to know the answer to, despite herself. Had to know. “Why?” she said in a whisper. “Why…Han?" Ren abruptly stopped making any movements, as if frozen, and a deep silence filled the cockpit. He clearly hadn’t been expecting that question. Now it was his turn to be speechless. Feeling suddenly bold, Rey repeated herself, elaborating on her prior inquiry. “Why did you do it?” she said. Then, with her voice growing louder, but with more emotion, added, “Why did you kill Han?” Again, silence. Nothing. Then, Ren quickly jabbed his fingers at the control panel, before bolstering himself up out of the co-pilot’s chair. Rey watched him with wary eyes, but all he did was stand there for a moment, unmoving. Eventually, after several tense seconds, he said in a rather thick voice, “It had to be done.” And he stalked out into the corridor. Rey immediately jumped up to follow him. “‘It had to be done?’” she repeated shouting, chasing after his tall, dark figure. “You had to kill your father?” The words were out of her mouth before she realized it, but she didn’t regret saying them. Not one bit. This…this was something that had been haunting her. Every day and every night. Ever since Starkiller. She couldn’t escape it. And now she wanted answers. No matter how painful. Running up behind him, she reached out and grabbed his arm. Instantly, he whipped around to face her. “Yes!” he growled, his mouth curved into a terrible sneer and his eyes…his eyes…There was only one way to describe them: Tortured. Rey twisted her fingers into the coarse material of his sleeve she held. “Why?” she said. Always why. Why? Why? Why? Ren didn’t respond right away, and instead looked down at her hand holding him. A few heartbeats later, he said, “To prove my loyalty to Snoke,” and he jerked his arm free of her grasp, turning away from her. Rey stared at him, confused. “But you just told me you need me –” “I know what I told you!” he snarled, and he stormed away. Rey watched him go but made no immediate move to follow. Instead, she stared down at her hands which she discovered were shaking. Some things weren’t adding up very well. He had to murder Han to prove his loyalty to Snoke? Snoke, a creature he just told her he needed her help to defeat. What was she to believe? Any of it? All of it? She leaned against the wall, pressing her face into its cool metallic surface. She needed answers. More of them. If she wanted to have any hope of understanding anything. All thoughts of going back to Luke and Chewbacca or the Resistance were suddenly forgotten, or at least, stored away for the time being. First, she needed to get to the bottom of this situation with Kylo Ren. He had plans, apparently very big ones, and she wanted to know what they were. Needed to know. But to do that, she needed to know him. Kylo Kylo slammed his fist onto a nearby table. He hated being on this ship. Absolutely abhorred it. If he had a choice, he’d fly it to the nearest colonized planet and trade it for something else. Anything else. As long as it could get him from point A to point B. But he couldn’t. For a good many reasons. Number one of which being the girl he left standing in the passageway mere moments ago. For that reason alone he would just have to endure the detestable vessel and all its unwanted baggage. Even if it was positively the last place in the galaxy he wanted to be. He pounded the table one more time, then slowly, dejectedly, sank to the floor. Control , he told himself out of habit. He needed to find control. Be empty. He closed his eyes, forcing a calm to wash over him. While he did so, the desire to rest coursed through his whole body, but he couldn’t. Not yet. Not until… Suddenly, he heard footsteps approaching, and looked up just as the girl rounded the corner. “I heard some loud noises coming from in here,” she said, looking at him with apprehension. “What’s going on?” Kylo felt his cheeks flush, but he managed to say in an even tone, “It was nothing.” The girl didn’t reply to that but sat down in a nearby chair. Kylo could feel her eyes still on him, and looked to see her observing him. Suddenly, her face turned red – like she was embarrassed about something. Pretty little thing . The words snuck up on him, unbidden, but he didn’t deny them. It was the same reaction he had upon seeing her all those days ago on Takodana. He never could have foreseen then how much things were about to change for him. Because of her. No, not just her. Because of him. Suddenly, the girl’s voice broke into his thoughts. “Where are we going?” she asked. Kylo blinked. Did he hear her right? Did she just say ‘we?’ Like she had come to terms with the fact that they were traveling together? What had brought about this change? He suddenly felt unsure, not quite certain if he could believe or trust this sudden agreeableness. What choice did he have, though? If he was honest with himself, he hadn’t planned this far ahead. His goal had been to find and retrieve the girl, and then…His plans were a little hazy after that. He knew what he wanted to do, what he hoped to accomplish, but all the details in-between… Time to just let the cards fall where they may. “Ilum,” he answered. “We’re going to Ilum.” “What’s that?” she asked. “A planet,” Kylo answered, simply. A place hastily decided upon, but for good reason. When he didn’t elaborate any further, the girl immediately said, “If you want me to help you do anything, which, by the way, I haven’t decided for sure I am, you’re going to need to tell me a little bit more than that.” Kylo suppressed the smirk that threatened to form on his lips. He knew the girl would not appreciate it, and said, “It’s an ice world that was ravaged by the Empire years before you or I were born.” “Okay, and just why do you want to go there?” “Because,” Kylo said, leaning forward, “it’s a place that was once very sacred to the Jedi.” The girl’s eyes suddenly widened. “The Jedi?!” she said. Then, swiftly, her expression turned cloudy, as if she was thinking deeply about something. “I thought you…” She didn’t finish her sentence. She didn’t need to, though. Kylo knew it wasn’t going to be anything in his favor. At least it seemed she was trying to be something comparable to considerate. But really, where had this sudden shift in attitude come from he wanted to know? Several moments of silence passed and the young man felt another wave of tiredness sweep over him. He ran his hands through his hair and rolled his shoulders and head a few times, forcing himself to stay alert, but he was just so sleepy… Eventually, the girl started to speak again, and he picked up on a few words she said like “scheme” and “Snoke” and “First Order” and “truth,” but he found it so hard to follow what she was saying. Everything was starting to get fuzzy. Sleep was attempting to claim him. No! his brain wanted to say. He needed to stay awake for the girl. To make sure she didn’t try anything. Like turn the ship around. But he couldn’t. He just couldn’t… And the last thing he remembered just before his eyes shuttered closed in exhaustion, was himself whispering the words, “Trust me.” Snoke “It is of my firm belief, sir,” General Hux said via hologram, “that Kylo Ren has deserted the First Order.” The Supreme Leader stared at the flickering image of the red-haired officer. This was not the news he had hoped to receive, but it was the news he had expected. He just didn’t know what it meant. Shifting in his chair, Snoke felt his joints creak and wondered if the General could hear the sound through their poor hologram connection. He doubted it, but it made him even more aware of how time was slipping by and he had so much work left unfinished. He sighed inwardly. He had hoped to have Kylo Ren continue his training a little longer, but perhaps it was time to speed things up a bit. Move onto the next phase. But to do that, though, he needed the Skywalker heir – no matter where the young Force-user’s allegiance be. Snoke appraised Hux calculatingly. He knew the young man detested Ren. In fact, he could practically feel the fury he felt for him, and he also knew how much it must rankle the officer that his Force-sensitive counterpart had out-maneuvered him not once but twice. Thus, making him more motivated to find the wayward apprentice. Snoke knew he had chosen wisely when he had raised the young Hux to General. “I have already dispatched more teams in search of Ren, sir,” Hux suddenly said in a rather self-assured voice. “Wherever he is, wherever he is going – we’ll find him. No stone will be left unturned. He cannot hide from the might of the First Order.” The Supreme Leader relaxed back in his seat. “Find him, General,” he said. “And then, bring him to me.” Chapter 11 Rey Rey gazed in disbelief at the inert form of Kylo Ren. He was sleeping. Sleeping?! The young woman wasn’t sure how to feel about that. Unsettled, maybe? This…everything…it was all his plan, his idea, and now he was just…asleep. What was she supposed to do? She felt tired herself, but there was no way she could think about napping when the First Order could be coming right after them. Someone needed to be keeping guard. She eyed the young man. His face looked smooth and peaceful in rest. Serene. Unburdened. Entirely human. With a certain air of dignity and elegance about him. A natural aura of strength. Nothing like a monster… But, underneath all that, there was something else – something she had glimpsed before. Something that resonated more deeply with her than she wanted to admit. Loneliness. Suddenly, goosebumps broke out up and down her arms and she bolted out of her chair, heading in the direction of the galley, away from the slumbering Ren. It crossed her mind that she could use this opportunity to escape, but she shoved the thought aside. No, she had resolved herself to see this…Ren’s plan…through. Whatever it was. She wasn’t changing her mind now. Quickly fixing herself some caf in the Falcon’s small kitchen, she carried it with her to the cockpit. And sat and watched the galaxy stream past her… Some time later, her caf all gone, she let her eyes flutter closed for a moment to rest them. It couldn’t have been for more than a few seconds she figured, but the next thing she knew, though, someone was tucking a blanket gently around her. Not arguing with the thoughtful gesture, she burrowed into the cover’s warmth. Kylo Ilum. Sacred planet of the Jedi. Or maybe not so sacred anymore. The planet was a wreck. There was no other way of saying it. From his view onboard the Falcon , Kylo was able to observe large gaping wounds in the world’s surface, courtesy of the minions of the late emperor who had gone there treasure hunting shortly after the annihilation of the Jedi – ransacking the place and leaving nothing but destruction in their wake. In short, it was not a pretty sight, and the visible destruction felt like a violation against the Force. Suddenly, Kylo felt cold, whether from staring at the ice planet or as a result of his thoughts he wasn’t sure, but the sensation sent a jolt through him – a reminder. If he was going to go there – him and the girl together, they were going to need to be better equipped. Particularly, he realized, glancing at the girl sleeping peacefully in the captain’s chair, in the area of clothes. Her outfit would never hold up in such harsh conditions. Turning his back on the ice world, he marched his way down the ship’s corridor. As he did so, he felt the years suddenly slide away. And with each step, memories long-buried slipped into focus. Him. A little boy. Smiling. Racing back and forth around the vessel. Hiding in places and waiting to be found. Ignoring his mother’s calls to come out. Sneaking into the cockpit. His father’s strong hands lifting him into the air… Kylo clenched his hands into fists. Blasted ship. He didn’t have time for such foolish thoughts. They were nothing but distractions. Displays of a weak mind. And yet, as he pulled open a storage closet door and began rummaging around inside, he didn’t push the memories away. Rey Rey cracked her eyes open and was surprised to find a large planet looming just before the Millennium Falcon’s windows Ilum? When had they gotten there? How? Oh galaxy, how long had she been asleep? Some sentry she was! She moved to stand up, and watched as a blanket that had been covering her fell to the floor around her feet. Where had that come from? She stooped to pick it up and her eyes nearly bulged out of her head. It was no blanket. It was… Kylo Ren’s coat. But what was she doing with it? Immediately, the memory of someone placing a blanket over her in her half-asleep state surfaced in her mind, and like a light switch suddenly being flipped on, her face deepened to a fine shade of red in realization. Tossing the coat away from her into the co-pilot’s chair, she made to leave the cockpit. She was about halfway out the door when she suddenly stopped. From out of nowhere, images of a dark-haired little boy permeated her thoughts. She knew him, but he was different. Younger. And he was smiling and laughing. And he was there – on the Millennium Falcon. And there was Leia. And Han. And they were all happy. Especially the little boy. He was so thrilled when his daddy threw him up into the air and then caught him. Like his father was just the galaxy to him… Rey gasped and pulled herself out of the memory. Because that’s what it was. Just like earlier, when she first found herself on the ship and realized he – Kylo - was there too. She was seeing his memories. Feeling them. The Falcon …it was probably just one big trigger for him. A reminder of his past. No wonder he said the ship would be the last one he would want to steal. It brought back memories of what once was. Who he once was. The young woman took several deep calming breaths. What happened? she found herself wondering. How did he go from being that happy little boy to… To… What he now was…? She shrugged the thought away. That was a question for another time. For the moment, she needed to find out what the plans were now that they had reached their destination. Seconds later, she located Ren digging through the contents of a storage closet. “What are you doing?” she asked, her tone sounding more accusatory than she intended. The young man whipped around and stared at her with glassy, unfocused eyes, as if he was seeing her but not really seeing her. A silence stretched between them, and in that time, Rey saw a glimpse of the little boy from the memory. She didn’t know if it was just because it was still on her mind or because perhaps it was still on his, but she wasn’t about to go searching through his thoughts, or even her own, to find out. When he realized he was staring, Ren frowned and turned his attention back to the closet. “I’m looking for some proper clothing for you to wear on Ilum. That outfit is not fit for such a planet.” Rey looked down at her simple tunic and pants, then blushed because of the accuracy of his statement. Feeling somewhat slighted, though, she said, “I could look for that myself,” and maneuvered herself so she could also see into the closet. Without looking at her, Ren replied, “You wouldn’t know what to look for. A simple coat isn’t going to cut it. We’re talking about arctic temperatures. And you have no experience with that.” He paused, then added, “At least not any real experience.” He was thinking about Starkiller, but Rey let the comment slide. It was his fault that she had been there to begin with, in her desert scavenger garb no less. He knew it and she knew it. No need to bring the touchy subject up just then when she had other more pressing questions to ponder. “Are you finally going to tell me what we’re doing on Ilum?” she asked instead. Ren didn’t reply, but slowly piled his arms full of assorted puffy-looking garments. When he seemed pleased with what he had, he finally turned to face her, and Rey suddenly realized how close they were both standing to each other. Very close. When she moved to take a step back, she hit her elbow on the door frame, and couldn’t help the tiny “Ow” that escaped her lips. Ren eyed her curiously, and she felt her face flush under his stare. “Here, take these,” he said, handing over the various pieces of clothing. During the exchange, however, his hand, which Rey realized was currently ungloved, brushed her arm and sent a strange tingling sensation coursing through her. Surprised by this reaction, Rey nearly dropped the garments and quickly shot her eyes up to see what Ren’s response was. Nothing. He had already stepped away from her, his back once again to her, as he strolled away down the corridor. Flustered, she shouted, “You never answered me about Ilum! Why are we going there?” Ren stopped, then slowly turned to face her, his face an unreadable mask as he said, “Kyber crystals. We’re going there for kyber crystals.” He paused briefly, reflectively, then added, “If there are any left.” “Kyber crystals?” Rey repeated, softly. Why did that sound so familiar? Ren gazed at her, perhaps trying to read her thoughts, then said, “To use for your new lightsaber. Seeing as how you don’t have mine anymore…” Leia “Princess Leia! Princess Leia!” Leia looked up at the sound of her name being called and saw C3P0 scuttling across the control room floor as fast as his robotic limbs would carry him. “Princess Leia,” the protocol droid said again in a rather excited voice, not bothering to correct himself to address Leia by her now preferred title of “General.” “It’s Master Luke!” he exclaimed. “He just sent a message that he is about to enter our atmosphere!” “Luke?” Leia repeated her brother’s name, her mind instantly summoning a picture of his face. Ever since she had heard from Chewbacca earlier in the day asking for the Resistance’s current coordinates, she had hoped Luke would be joining him, but now she knew for sure and her heart was glad. She flashed C3P0 a grateful smile. “Thank you, Threepio,” she said. Then, with some gusto, added, “I say it’s time we welcome Master Luke home.” “I agree, Prin-…er…General,” the droid replied. “I’ll go tell the others.” Leia watched him leave, then headed, herself, out to the ship landing area, her excitement from moments ago giving way to nervousness. She really didn’t know what to expect when Luke arrived. Would he still be the same quiet-spoken, mild-mannered brother she remembered, or had time and events jaded him? Had he become something of a cynic traveling around the galaxy by himself, intentionally cut off from those who cared about him most? She didn’t know, but she needed him. She needed his steady, reliable strength that she had always been able to count on, probably ever since they shared their mother’s womb. After everything that had happened recently she needed that constant again in her life now more than ever. She had been hurt when he left - not quite understanding the rather abrupt departure, but she had known deep down that was what he needed to do. But now… Five dark masses suddenly loomed in the airspace above her. Five?! The General looked around and saw several others starting to gather around her, all looking up at the new, in-coming ships. “General Organa,” Poe Dameron approached her. “Ma’am, three of those ships look like First Order vessels.” Leia didn’t respond, but kept her eyes trained on the space crafts. Poe was right about their design, but she didn’t sense anything ominous from them. To be sure, though, she drew upon a source of power deep within herself, reached out, and searched… And there he was. She could sense him. His presence. “It’s Luke,” she said quietly, turning to face the young pilot briefly, before focusing once more on the ships. “It’s okay.” She wondered why the Millennium Falcon wasn’t among the group, but pushed the concern aside for the moment, figuring she would have answers momentarily. By this time, a real crowd was beginning to form, and everyone watched on bated breath as the five vessels slowly came in to land. Word had spread like wildfire that on one of the ships was the famous Luke Skywalker, and everyone wanted to be there to see the Jedi Master and his entourage of…whoever… Slowly, the seconds ticked by, and finally, the door to what appeared to be the lead ship opened. And… Luke. Older. Sadder. Wiser. But something else. Hopeful. And it was that hope that Leia clung onto as she walked to meet her brother, his eyes the same blue she always remembered. And it was truly then that she knew everything was okay. That Luke was still Luke and not a corrupted, lost version of himself. Then, without any words spoken, they clasped arms and communicated silently all the heartache and hurt of the past several years. The private pain that each of them had experienced. But there was also joy. And some of the things that seemed wrong in the galaxy suddenly felt a little right. Taking a step back, Luke said, "Hello, sister." Leia smiled. “Hello, Luke. I see you’ve brought something of a party with you. Five ships? Three of them belonging to the First Order! How in the galaxy did you acquire them?” Luke grinned. “Long story,” he answered. “And I’m just as curious to hear about everything you’ve got going on here,” he waved his arms to indicate their surroundings. “Endor, Leia? I don’t know when I last imagined myself coming back to this place.” Chapter 12 Rey For Rey, there was only one way to describe Ilum: Cold. And maybe, desolate. As she trudged behind Kylo Ren on a path of his design on the planet’s snow-covered surface, as she had been doing for the past hour since they had left the safety and warmth of the Millennium Falcon , she gazed forlornly at the bleak surroundings. The world might have been pretty once, a wonderland of ice and snow, but now all the young woman saw by the light of the stars above was an unforgiving wasteland of craters and rough, torn-up terrain. Before they had departed the Falcon , Ren had explained a little more about Ilum’s past… “After the fall of the Jedi, the Empire came in and bled the world dry – harvesting as many of the kyber crystals the planet was renowned for as they could find," he had said, his face smooth and expressionless – as if to give off an air indifference, but his voice, thick with emotion, told a different tale. “But why?” Rey had asked, curiosity getting the better of her as usual. “What use were kyber crystals to the Empire? I thought only Force-users could tap into their true power.” Ren had looked at her then, and she had felt suddenly very aware of how lacking her education had been about a great deal of things in the galaxy. Instead of saying anything biting, though, like she was expecting, he said rather grimly, “There are other uses for kyber crystals besides lightsabers. Remember the Death Star?” And she did remember the Death Star. That was the weapon used to destroy Alderaan, the home planet, as she came to learn, of Leia. His mother. Suddenly, Rey found her eyes fixed on Kylo Ren’s back. He had swathed himself in black as usual. How he had managed to find the appropriate arctic gear only in black for himself from the Falcon’s slim selection she had no idea. But it suited him; she couldn’t imagine him in any other color at this point. And the helmet had returned. She didn’t know how she felt about that, but she supposed it didn’t matter. What did matter was that they safely and successfully found their way to the old Jedi Temple Ren believed was located somewhere in the nearby area. How he even had any idea where to look to begin with was another question altogether, and one Rey couldn’t help but be curious about… Suddenly, she made a decision. Concentrating on the young man in front of her once more, she felt the power of the Force swell inside of her. Drawing on that feeling, she let it flow throughout herself, and then, in growing familiarity, cast it out. Reaching… And abruptly hit something akin to a wall. Not perturbed however, she continued to brush against the barrier, searching, hoping, waiting… Suddenly, Ren stopped walking and turned sharply around to face her. “What are you doing?!” he demanded, his voice cold and electronic. Surprised, Rey jerked her body awkwardly, causing her to lose her footing, and before she could stop herself, stumbled to the ground. Kylo Kylo watched the girl’s knees hit the hard, snow-covered earth and felt his foot take an automatic step forward in her direction, his hand slightly raised as if to… Suddenly, the girl ripped off the protective cover over her face that he had instructed her to wear. “I’m sorry,” she said, sounding it, her cheeks a rosy pink. “I – I just wanted to talk to you.” Kylo regarded her. She really shouldn’t have her bare skin exposed to the elements. It was too cold. Still, he was interested in knowing what she meant. “You wanted to talk to me by attempting to rifle through my thoughts?” he said. She made a strange strangled sound then, as if what he was suggesting was ironic to her in some way, but perhaps thought better of saying anything, and instead clambered to her feet. Kylo had a feeling he knew what she might be thinking about, and felt the blood drain out of his face. “No,” she eventually replied, her voice high and strained. “I just thought that maybe with it being cold that…I don’t know…oh…oh…just nevermind!” And she stomped in the snow around him, face still uncovered. Almost reflexively, Kylo reached his hand out and swung her back around to him, suddenly understanding what she was trying to say…or suggest. The girl never ceased to amaze him. She wanted to talk through their link. To him, the man she accused of kidnapping her. “Cover your face back up,” he said. “You’ll get frostbite in no time in these conditions.” She said nothing, but extricated her arm from his grasp. Once that was accomplished, she turned away from him and began walking away, her slender legs cutting tracks into the snow. In a few strides, Kylo easily outpaced her and blocked her path. “Stop,” he said. “You don’t know where you’re going. And you need to cover your face!” She glared at him a few moments, then growled, “Why do you care?!” before once again stepping around him. Kylo stared at her back. Why did he care so much? What did it matter to him if her face froze? It didn’t. It did. He took a few deep breaths, then slowly felt the tension he had begun to feel building up inside of him ebb away. Then, he reached out… …to her. Immediately, the girl whipped around to face him, her lips slightly parted showing her astonishment. “Cover up your face,” he said once more, but this time not out loud. A moment passed. And then another. Then, with some hesitation, the girl lifted her hands to her face, and when she pulled them away Kylo saw she had done as he asked. He walked over by her, and let a heartbeat or two pass as he gazed unabashedly at her, before tramping past to the lead position once more. When he knew she had fallen in position again behind him, he said, “I’m using the Force to know where I’m going.” He was silent for a few moments, then added, “You could too. Stop thinking about how cold it is, and let that feeling inside of you guide you. When it comes time for you to find your kyber crystal, it is that feeling that will show you the way.” Rey Rey gazed in wonder. Before her loomed tall, ice-covered mountains, the likes of which she had never seen before. Their impressive, towering might was such an abrupt change from the rest of the landscape she had become accustomed to since her arrival on Ilum that it gave her pause. Even in a world wrecked by devastation, there was still beauty to be found. Suddenly, her eyes drifted to the dark form of Kylo Ren, and she lost herself in her own thoughts for awhile… Perhaps a few minutes or a few hours later, she found herself standing side by side with the young man in front of a sheer wall of rock and ice, somehow different from the rest of the surrounding landforms. Or maybe it was just the Force telling her so. “The temple?” she asked Ren through their link. “Possibly,” he said, looking the place up and down. He walked a little closer, then stopped. “According to a file I read on Ilum in the archives of the Empire, shortly after the rise of the Emperor, the Imperial Army sealed the temple’s entrance so none could enter it.” Rey looked at him, confused. “Why, though? If they were hunting kyber crystals, why would they wish to lock off the one most likely place they might find them?” Ren shrugged. “Maybe they didn’t know there were any kyber crystals there. Or maybe they just wanted to keep any surviving Jedi out. Who knows?” “Do you think there are any kyber crystals in the temple?” Rey asked. Ren was silent, his face turned to the rock face. Well, did he? “Yes,” he finally answered. “Why?” “Because Skywalker told me once long ago.” And without another word, he walked away from her, closer to the mysterious precipice. As Rey watched him, he ran his hands over the mountainous wall, letting, as she knew now, the Force guide him. Perhaps to the entrance of the old temple. The Force…it was so natural to him. And he was so powerful with it. She wondered what it had been like for him, growing up, having such abilities from the time he was very young. So different from everyone else. How special he was… Rey shuddered. Thinking about Kylo Ren’s childhood, all of a sudden, seemed rather frightening. So many unanswered questions there, and some of them not good – not good at all. And obviously very painful for him. Painful for others as well. Luke, Leia, even herself… The image of the young, dark haired boy with haunted eyes from a couple nights ago suddenly began to form in her head. Nothing like the child she saw in the memories on the Millennium Falcon. “Hey!” Ren shouted out loud. “I – I think I might have found something!” Rey shook away the face of the sad little boy and immediately dashed over to where Ren now stood in front of some area on the rock face that appeared smoother than the rest – almost out of place. “You think it’s the seal?” Rey communicated through their link. Ren lifted his hand to his belt and unclipped his lightsaber. “Let’s find out,” he said, and, igniting the blade, rammed it to the hilt into the solid mass. The area around the weapon immediately melted upon contact. “Plasteel,” he muttered through his helmet, pulling his lightsaber free. “Destructible, but this,” and he knocked his hand up against the surface, “is thick. Too much for a lightsaber alone to break through. Luckily, though,” he added, reaching into a satchel bag he had equipped himself with before leaving the Falcon , “I found this on the ship,” and he produced a small, spherical device. Rey’s eyes widened. “A detonator?” “Yes, and probably a leftover from the batch you and your friends used to help blow up Starkiller,” he replied without any trace of malice or blame. Rey eyed the young man at this statement, mentally making a note of his lack of caring about the superweapon being destroyed. “Whatever its purpose was supposed to be,” he continued, “we can use it to help us now.” Attaching the explosive device near to where he had burned a hole with his lightsaber, he grabbed Rey’s arm and began to pull her away from the area. “How do you know this will work the way you want it to?” she asked, stretching her legs some to keep up with his longer gait, and forcing herself to ignore the fact that he was leading her around like a child. “It could potentially blow everything to smithereens!” “It’s a risk I’m willing to take,” he said, dragging her behind a large boulder jutting up out of the ground. “Do you have any better ideas?” Rey was silent. She had nothing to add to the discussion, only concerns, and she was pretty sure he didn’t want to hear them. This whole venture, after all, was his doing. She was just along for the ride so far. At least she was learning some interesting pieces of history she hadn’t known before. Not to mention practicing her Force abilities in new and exciting ways. And then there was the whole prospect of finding a kyber crystal and making a lightsaber… Suddenly, she felt her pulse begin to race and glanced at the young man beside her, who was now fiddling with a small remote. Had all of that been possible because of him?! The one she had once called “a creature in a mask…” “Head down!” Ren exclaimed, abruptly grabbing her and forcing her down to the ground, his arm slung over the back of her neck. Rey didn’t even have time to react to this as a moment later a loud explosion rocked the nearby vicinity, shaking the ground and sending rocks and debris of all sizes flying everywhere. Thankfully, nothing anywhere near them. When everything had settled, and the only things still left floating in the air were dust and snow, Ren leapt to his feet, pulling Rey along with him. As they emerged from behind the boulder, Rey was unsurprised to see large pieces of rocks, ice shards, and plasteel littering the ground. No Jedi temple, however. She turned to Kylo Ren. “Now what?” she asked. He raised his hand, and with a flick of his wrist, sent a sizable ice chunk flying a hundred feet away. “Now we clean up,” he said, “and see what’s underneath all this mess.” Kylo Kylo watched the girl out of the corner of his eye lift her hand in imitation of his. She had never done anything yet like this - move large objects with the Force. She really had no idea what she was doing. But she wanted to try, though. He could feel her determination. He suddenly remembered back to Starkiller, when they had been locked in battle as the world collapsed around them. He had offered then to teach her, but she had declined his offer in a most statement-making kind of way. And now… Now here she was. Ready to learn. Even if it was from him. And he was really beginning to believe it was all meant to be… “Concentrate,” he instructed her. “Focus on the task you want to perform and let the Force flow through you. Feel its power.” Kylo, himself, did the same. With his arm outstretched, he allowed the power deep inside of him to once again spread throughout his whole body. Strengthening him. Empowering him. Literally making him ready to move mountains. Then… Abruptly, the land began to shake underneath his feet, and a great rumbling from the mountain had him and the girl scrambling away. But the tremor ended as soon as it had begun. And when the dust and snow cleared, Kylo felt his limbs suddenly go weak in wonder, his eyes not quite believing what was right in front of him. Somehow, he and the girl had inadvertently…or perhaps not…found the entrance to the temple. Rey They did it. Her and Ren. She didn’t quite know how. Force related most likely. But they had done it. They had opened the gate to the lost Jedi Temple of Ilum. She felt…she felt… Exhilerated. Happy. Triumphant. She glanced over at Ren. She suddenly felt shy. He made no note of her emotions, though, but rather, kind of ignored her as he stomped his way to the newly opened gate, leaving the young woman to hastily follow after him. And into the dark. Seconds later, Ren switched on a flashlight and immediately light flooded forth, illuminating a high ceilinged chamber the likes of which Rey had never seen before. And it was old. Very old. Boasting of a craftsmanship the galaxy had not seen in many a century. And the history of the place. Rey could practically feel the presence of the hundreds upon thousands of Jedi who had walked in that very room, come to search for the very same thing as her. And she tried to imagine them, all of them, force users just like her. For some odd reason, it brought a smile to her face. She glanced over at Kylo Ren to see what his reaction was, but she found him with his face lifted toward the ceiling. She followed the direction he was staring and her jaw dropped. Pulling her face covering off, she turned to Ren and said, “Is that a…” “Kyber crystal?” he finished her question, cutting her off. “Yes.” He removed his helmet and tucked it against his side. “How it ever survived the rampaging destruction of the Imperial Army I don’t know. But it’s lucky for us it did, because we need it to continue our quest.” “How so?” Rey asked. He looked at her with a rather level stare then and Rey felt her face grow flush. She really wished she would stop doing that whenever he looked at her in a certain way. It was becoming a bit annoying. A heartbeat later, he replied, “You’ll see when the sun comes up.” Rey turned her eyes away from his intent gaze and once again focused on the large kyber crystal suspended way up above. “And how long until then?” she asked. “Three days.” Rey snapped her eyes back to him. “What do you mean three days?!” “According to some calculations I’ve been doing, it will be three days until the next sunrise,” he replied, very matter-of-fact. “The sun only rises once every seventeen days here.” Chapter 13 Finn Along with the rest of the Resistance, Finn had made his way out to the ship landing area when word of Luke Skywalker’s imminent arrival spread throughout the base. But, unlike all the others who had crowded as close as they could to the action, the young man kept a distance. It wasn’t for lack of not feeling comfortable around the others – he spotted Poe and a few other pilots he had come to be acquainted with during his short time at the base, and knew they would welcome his presence no questions asked – but he just didn’t feel up to it. He hurt. His body did. Spinal injuries tended to have that effect, even after several bacta treatments, and he wasn’t sure if the pain would ever truly go away. Certainly not the memory of it. So he held back. Finding a bench and easing himself onto it, he observed the five newly arrived space crafts. One of them he recognized immediately and his stomach twisted a little. Kylo Ren’s shuttle. What was Luke Skywalker doing with that particular ship?! What had happened at Ahch-To? Was Rey okay? His eyes quickly skimmed the vessels, but he saw no sign of his friend. His brain then instantly began jumping to the worst possible conclusions. What if Rey had been hurt? What if Kylo Ren had taken her prisoner? What if she was now in the hands of the First Order? What if she was… Dead? Finn felt his heart begin to pound in his chest at an alarming rate. Not good. His body couldn’t handle any more stress. He needed to calm down and stop thinking the absolute worst. Dr. Kalonia had said… Suddenly, he saw Chewbacca, and the sight of the tall, furry Wookie brought a welcome flood of relief rushing through his body. Chewbacca! He was alive! That was good. That meant – Finn abruptly scrunched his forehead up in confusion. Walking behind the Wookie were several darkly clad, masked individuals. Who were they? And standing in-between all of them were a group of… Stormtroopers?! Finn did a double-take. Just what had gone on at Ahch-To? He turned his attention to General Organa and was surprised to find her heading in his direction with a gray-haired, bearded gentleman – whom Finn could only assume to be her brother, Luke Skywalker. “…and this is Finn, Rey's friend,” General Organa said with a warm smile on her face. “Finn, this is my brother, Luke.” "Nice to meet you, Master Skywalker," Finn said. Luke Skywalker said nothing, but gave Finn a long, appraising stare. After several moments of silence, the Jedi Master said, “You’re the former Stormtrooper?” Finn’s eyes darted from the Jedi to the Stormtroopers over by Chewie and back again. “Y-yes, sir,” he replied. “FN-2187. That is – was – my…” he didn’t finish the sentence; he suddenly felt rather embarrassed speaking about his past in front of the older man. “Your identification number?” Skywalker finished for him. Finn just nodded, then was surprised a moment later when the Jedi suddenly stuck his hand out to him. “Glad to have you here, Finn,” he said. “Hopefully we can talk some more soon.” Finn stared at the proffered hand, then hesitantly stretched his own out. “Thank you, sir. And yes, sir. That would be good, sir.” The General and her brother made to move on, but Finn still had not seen nor heard anything about Rey, and he knew this was his chance to find out about his friend first hand. “Master Skywalker, sir,” he said. “Where’s Rey?” The Skywalker siblings looked at each other, and Finn felt a sinking feeling in his stomach. When an answer finally came, it was General Organa who gave it, an uneven sound to her voice. “My brother is tired, Finn. Perhaps questions could wait until later?” It wasn’t an answer to his question, but it was all he was going to get for now, he knew, so Finn just nodded his head and let the issue pass for the time being. It didn’t mean he stopped thinking about it, though, as he watched Chewbacca leading his group of Stormtroopers along. Leia Leia watched the steam rise from a hissing tea kettle and hurried to turn the stove off; out of the corner of her eye, she observed her brother staring solemnly at an old family holograph of her, Han, and Ben – one that, despite everything that had happened recently, she couldn’t bring herself to put away. She didn’t think she ever would. That was her family. For better or for worse. She’d never let go of them. Pouring herself and Luke some cups of hot tea, she swallowed back the lump that was beginning to form in the back of her throat, and carried the drinks as well as some buttered toast on a tray to the small table she used for eating in her private quarters on the days when she decided she didn’t want to partake of the mess’ offerings, which, if truth be told, was becoming more and more frequently. Or perhaps it was she just liked the peace and quiet of her own bedroom. No one to ask her probing questions or give her sad, pitying stares… “Leia.” Leia looked up at the sound of her name and found Luke’s eyes now trained on her. “I’m sorry,” he said, and she instantly knew what he was talking about. If there was one person she knew would truly feel sincere remorse about what happened between her husband and son, it was Luke. Nodding her head, she slid down in the chair opposite her brother and casually picked up her teacup. She stared at the drink for several seconds, then took a slow, careful sip. When she set the cup back in its saucer, she took a deep breath and turned her attention back to her twin. And she asked the question that only he would possibly understand. “Why, though, Luke? Why did he do it? Why did Ben kill his father?” Luke sighed and shook his head ever so slightly. “I think you already know the answer to that, Leia.” “Snoke?” “Yes.” “I just-” Suddenly, tears that the General had been refusing to shed for days let loose and she couldn’t stop the emotion from filling her voice as she said, “I don’t understand, Luke. I just don’t understand. Why?! ” “I’m not entirely sure myself,” her brother replied, his eyes lowered. “But I think there’s a lot going on that even we don’t know.” “But you think whatever it is involves Rey?” Leia asked. Luke simply nodded. Leia slouched a little in her seat and stared absently at the plate of untouched toast, an image of Rey suddenly surfacing in her mind’s eye. A girl she had only gotten to know for a short time, but who had made an impression on her. And, apparently, her son. “So Ben has Rey with him as well as the Millennium Falcon?” Leia said, more a statement than a question since that was a piece of information Luke had shared with her very shortly after their reunion. “Yes,” Luke nodded. “Any idea what his plans are?” Luke took a sip of tea, then replied, “Not a clue.” “And you don’t believe they include the First Order?” Leia asked, unable to stop the flow of questions. Surely her brother couldn’t expect any less from her. It had been years since their last conversation! “No.” “And now Chewbacca is in charge of the Knights of Ren and you’re the proud proprietor of three First Order ships?” Leia folded her arms and smirked. Luke smiled a little too then. “I guess you could say that.” A comfortable silence fell between them then and Leia savored it, but it wasn’t to last as she abruptly remembered something and she sighed. “Finn. The young man I introduced you to earlier. You’re going to need to talk to him. Ben…” She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, not relishing what she was about to say, then focused her attention once again on her brother. “Ben hurt him pretty terribly. And he’s concerned about Rey. This news about Ben taking her. He’s probably not going to take it well.” Luke said nothing right away and Leia could only imagine what was going through his brain; her brother had a reflective nature about him. Ben was the same way. Or at least he had been. She pondered where such a quality came from in their family? The queen? Her and Luke’s mother. “It’s the Force, Leia,” Luke said, interrupting her train of thought. “I know it. I can feel it.” He paused a moment, then added, “Ben. Rey. The Force is working with them somehow. And this…” Suddenly, he reached into a bag he had brought with him from the ship and pulled out a silver, cylindrical object. Leia’s eyes widened. “Your lightsaber? I thought Rey had that?” Luke laid the lightsaber on the table between them. “She did. But, long story short, it called to me on Ahch-To. It. The lightsaber. The Force. And now I have it until…something happens…” “With Ben?” “I don’t know. Possibly.” Leia eyed the lightsaber, then, her voice a whisper, said, “Is it strange of me that even after everything that has happened I still want him back?” Luke reached across the table, took her hand, and gave it a gentle squeeze. “You’re his mother, Leia. No, it’s not strange.” The General nodded and a silence filled the room once more; Luke released her hand and reached once more for his bag. Leia watched him, and returning to an earlier subject, said, “Promise me, Luke. That young man. Finn. Promise me you’ll talk to him.” “I will,” Luke said, “but first, there’s something I need you to see. Something I found on Ben’s shuttle.” Leia said nothing, but watched in curiosity as her brother slowly pulled a large, oddly shaped object from his bag. At first, she couldn’t make out what the item was, but as her focus sharpened, her eyes widened and her body jolted in shock. It was a memory. It was her reality. It was something she hadn’t laid eyes on in thirty years or so, yet saw everyday. What had Ben been doing with… …Darth Vader’s helmet?! Finn Rey had been kidnapped! Finn paced the length of his small bedroom. Anxious, he balled one of his hands into a fist and ground it into the other hand, his knuckles popping. Okay, so “kidnapped” hadn’t been the word Master Skywalker had used when he finally talked to the young man a short while ago, but it was close enough. What else could one call it? Suddenly, the walls of his tiny bedroom felt like they were closing in on him and he felt the need to get up and do something. Anything. Even if he physically wasn’t ready to yet. Like fight the scum bag, Kylo Ren, for one. General Organa’s son be damned, the guy was a murderer as well as a kidnapper. Throwing open the door to his quarters, he marched out of the room and down the corridor. On his way he passed the mess hall and saw Poe and a group of his buddies playing a game of cards. The pilot signaled for him to join them, but Finn waved them off. He didn’t want to play games, he wanted to find Rey. And to do that, he needed to get more answers from Skywalker. Suddenly, the old Jedi’s voice drifted into his thoughts. “We must trust in the Force, Finn.” The Force?! What good was the Force when evil people like Kylo Ren were empowered by it? Mindless of where he was walking and what he was really doing, the young man suddenly felt his foot catch on something, and before he could stop himself, went crashing down onto the hard ground, an agonizing pain immediately exploding from his back. No, he thought. No, no, no. It hurt. Oh galaxy, it hurt. Tears began to well up in his eyes and a scream ready to be let loose burned at the back of his throat. But he neither cried nor screamed. He just lied there. Several moments passed. Perhaps several minutes. Finn didn’t know. He had lost track as he stared at the gray concrete an inch away from his face. He suddenly felt very useless. Because he was injured. Because Rey had been kidnapped. Because he was lying on the cold ground… He didn’t want to feel like that. He wanted to be up. Moving. Taking action. Helping save Rey. Helping save the galaxy. Making Skywalker listen to him! Taking a deep breath, he tested pushing himself off the ground with his hands. It hurt, but everything seemed to be moving alright. Nothing appeared broken. Maneuvering himself to a sitting position, he leaned back against a nearby wall, took several deep breaths of air, and closed his eyes. Maybe a minute later, a familiar voice made a loud growling sound, and snapping his eyes open, Finn looked up to see Chewbacca standing over him, a look of genuine concern in his blue eyes. Not sure exactly what the Wookie said, but assuming it had something to do with his well-being, Finn waved his hand and said, “I’m fine, Chewie. I’m just…thinking.” Chewbacca barked something else, but Finn shook his head not understanding. Suddenly, two more figures appeared from behind Chewie. General Organa’s protocol droid, C3PO, and a small white and blue astromech droid whom he had never seen before. “Oh my, Mister Finn,” C3PO exclaimed. “Whatever are you doing down there? Chewbacca,” the droid looked at the tall Wookie beside him, “why are you not helping Mister Finn?” Chewbacca made a loud rumbling noise and C3PO turned his attention back to Finn. “Chewbacca says you are thinking. What are you thinking about?” Finn rested his head against the wall behind him. “Rey,” he replied. When he didn’t add anything else to his response, Threepio said, “Yes, yes, of course you are. But do not worry. Master Luke will sort everything out. He always does. You should trust him.” Finn sat straight up. “Trust him!” he exclaimed. “I don’t even know him.” And he didn’t. He only knew what other people said about the man and he wasn’t sure if that was enough to go by anymore. Certainly not if letting murderous men run off with innocent girls was an okay thing with him. “Well, I trust Master Luke,” C3PO said rather pompously. “And so do Chewbacca and R2D2.” Chewie growled then as if in agreement, and the little astromech droid let out a series of beeps. Finn shook his head. “You all make it sound so simple. Like everything is just going to come together in some perfect way. But it’s not. That’s not how life works. Look at what happened to Han for example.” Chewie let out a sad sighing sound and Threepio just stared rather perplexed at Finn. Several moments passed. Then, C3PO said, “Master Luke has never let us down, and I am not going to start believing now that he will.” He turned to the small astromech droid. “Come, Artoo. Let’s go see if we may be of any service anywhere.” R2D2 made no immediate move to follow, and Finn felt that whatever the small droid had for an eye, he was suddenly focusing it right on him; embarrassed, it made the young man squirm a little. Moments later, the little droid beeped once, then turned around and rolled away, leaving C3PO to follow after him, shouting, “Artoo, wait! Slow down!” It wasn’t long after the droids’ departure that Chewbacca also made his, patting Finn affectionately on the head, before leaving the young man once again alone. Finn stared at the now empty space around him. He didn’t like it. Being alone. Growing up in the First Order, there was no such thing as being lonely. Stormtroopers didn’t know the meaning of the word, at least not in a physical sense. Stormtroopers… Suddenly, Finn scrambled to his feet; his back protesting some at the movement. Stormtroopers! He had completely forgotten about the captive ones Skywalker had brought to the base with him today. Abruptly, he turned his feet in the direction of the make-shift detainment center the Resistance had set up to hold any prisoners they captured. It didn’t take him long to get to his destination, nor much to convince the guards to let him see the new arrivals, and before he knew it, the young man found himself standing mere feet from his former peers. None of whom seemed that thrilled to see him. “Traitor!” one woman called to him, clearly recognizing him, although Finn could not say the same for her. “Rebel scum!” another shouted, a man this time whom Finn thought he might have seen before. “The First Order will annihilate you and this filthy Resistance,” yet another voice joined in the fray. Finn just let them say their fill of insults. He couldn’t say he expected any less. He figured the First Order had probably plastered his face all across the galaxy by this point, labeling him a renegade and offering some kind of bounty for his capture. What he wondered, though, was what they – the Stormtroopers – really knew about his escape? Did they think he was just some non-conforming oddball who cracked one day, which is what he was sure the First Order probably wanted them to believe, or did they maybe wonder if there was more to the story? That’s what he wanted to find out. When the group finally began to wind down from their name-calling, he spoke, “I’d watch what you say around here. The Resistance doesn’t take kindly to First Order sympathizers-” “I don’t care one lick about this stupid Resistance,” the first woman to speak declared. “And you will die along with them when the First Order finally shuts down the despicable operation.” Finn ignored the woman’s scathing comment as he picked up what he was saying before she cut him off, “But the Resistance will forgive you, though. Especially considering the fact that you had no control over the state of your origins in the First Order.” He paused, then said, “You can make a choice. I did.” The woman made a hissing sound. “You are a traitor!” Finn shook his head. “Only in the eyes of the First Order. Not to all the galaxy. To some I’m…” The young man paused again. How did the rest of the galaxy view him? A hero? A rebel? Free? Free. He liked that. It gave him a satisfying feeling inside that stretched from his head to his toes. And not only that, but it gave him hope. Hope? Wasn’t that what people around the Resistance were always going on about? Hope for the galaxy. Finally, he finished, saying, “I’m free.” The woman rolled her eyes. “Free to die.” “No,” Finn said, “free to live.” Having nothing more to say, he began to turn away. As he did so, he heard a voice, a man, make a coughing sound, followed by, “Who – who was that old man? The old man who brought us here?” Finn stopped. A silence stretched out between him and the Stormtroopers. The young man could feel his heart beating steadily in his chest. Eventually, he said, “That was Luke Skywalker.” Instantly, a low murmur of noise erupted from the captive troopers. Despite their sheltered upbringing, even they were familiar with the Skywalker name, even if the organization they served under associated it with disorder and evil. “He will die,” the vocal woman said. “He will die like the rest of this pitiful Resistance.” Finn didn’t know what to say to that, as he himself was unsure about Skywalker, but then, suddenly, C3PO’s voice echoed in his thoughts… “Master Luke has never let us down.” The droid had been so sure. So trusting. Despite everything he probably knew about what had happened at Ahch-To. And who knew how many things before that. He didn’t doubt Master Luke. Finn anxiously rubbed his head. Was he being too hard on Skywalker? Were Threepio, R2D2, Chewbacca, General Organa – were they all right? Was Skywalker someone he could trust? Suddenly, he thought about Rey. He wasn’t happy about that situation still, and he planned on mentioning it again to Skywalker, General Organa, Poe – anyone who would listen, but… He would give the Jedi Master a chance to start with. “No,” Finn finally replied. “It’s the First Order that will die.” And this time, he really did walk away. Notes: Thank you for reading. Please review.