Armitage II “What do you know of Kylo Ren?” Snoke asks. He seems to relish the question, which is never a good sign with Snoke. Hux rakes his brain. The name rings a bell, but Snoke won't be content with superficial knowledge. So Hux starts with the first thing that comes to mind, and then unspools the thread. “He used to do black monochromes, but he reintroduced the colour red because he’d discovered a new type of paint, closer to what you'd get in construction... Thicker to allow intriguing effects of texture, bright enough that the canvas seems to be lit from behind. He lives in that building that used to be a squat for young artists and is now funded by the public council. He's famous for his tantrums. He's part of that collective, the Knights of Ren? Or was? Or he funded it? They had a show with Chrome last year. You received an invite from Phasma. I think we sent Mitaka.” Snoke's gaze is shrewd. Obviously he was expecting something more, though Hux has no idea what it could be. Kylo Ren is not a household name. The only thing that comes to mind is the Snoke Prize. The old collector could have selected the artist as a potential recipient. Hux had thought they’d call him in to vet the candidates, but for some reason, that job had gone to Mitaka. Instead, Hux had been sent to deal with some young artist who’d decided to refuse Snoke's benevolent patronage. “Kylo Ren has been short-listed for the Snoke prize,” Snoke says, with the delectation of a man who loves to hear his own name. Hux knows better than to roll his eyes. “I suppose Mitaka will go and select the artworks on behalf of the Snoke Foundation,” Hux says, partly to humour Snoke. The prize is only in its first year, but it already has the workings of a well-oiled machine. There will be four artists, and each of them will present four of their works. The event – highly selective, of course – will take place inside Snoke's bunker, a monolith of concrete and cement situated in the middle of the desert. The winner of the prize will receive a ludicrous amount of money, in order to attract the attention of the art world, as well as a healthy measure of public backlash. Snoke will join the ranks of patrons whose taste for the arts nearly manages to erase their shadier dealings. Capsized oil tankers and endangered species, vengeful ex-partners and costly lawsuits. Hux is well aware that the year leading to the reveal of the prize recipient wouldn’t have gone so well without him. In fact, it would have been a disaster. In recent months, he’s spent far too much time working on Snoke’s pet project, at the cost of his curatorial duties. He’d been the one to order reports about similar prizes across the world. And it had been him, and him alone, who had secured the participation of an interesting jury, which would give the event all the publicity it needed. And yet, when the time had come to select the artists, it had suddenly been of vital importance that Hux go in person to tell FN-2187 that he could not bring an abrupt end to his artist residency. Snoke pretends to rummage among the papers lying in a perfect pile atop his pristine desk. Hux knows for a fact that this isn’t Snoke's real office, but merely the one where he receives people. The real one is several floors underground, and far messier than this minimalistic ice field. “Ah, here it is!” Snoke brandishes a rectangle of paper that could be a picture. Hux feels a shiver of dread course down his spine. Not because of the picture, which he has yet to see, but because of the way Snoke smiles, like a sharp knife has slashed his face from one sunken cheek to the other. Hux has seen this smile only once before, and it wasn't on a pleasant occasion. “Maybe this will jolt your memory.” Snoke slides the picture towards Hux. Hux doesn't touch it. He can do nothing but stare. A much younger Hux stares back at him, green eyes crinkled at the corners in the aftermath of a full-bodied laugh. Even in the still frame his shoulders seem to be shaking with it. His red hair looks as youthful as the rest of him, badly cut and sticking up in every direction. It's not a good picture, the colours are all wrong, to the point where it looks as if Hux's hair had bled onto the rest of the picture, bathing the scene in washed-out yellows and pallid rust. The photograph is cropped at the waist, so it's hard to tell if Hux is completely naked, though he seems to recall that he had been. There’s black paint all over his bare chest. Not a few splatters, but conscientious smears, with the parallel lines of blackened fingers still visible here and there across his ribs. And smiling beside him, with a big goofy grin that looks nothing like Hux remembers, is Ben Solo. Hux swallows past a decade of longing. He tries to avert his eyes. But the picture keeps sneaking back into his field of vision – Ben's arm, casually slung over his shoulder… That pretentious leather jacket, which he can very nearly feel against his bare skin… The bird's nest of jet-black hair, and the large nose and the jug ears, and the fondness of the dark gaze that seems to linger, consciously or not, on Hux's laughing mouth. “Where did you get this?” Hux asks - barks, demands, because this memory is his to keep, and if it were to be tarnished, it would be by Hux's regrets, and not by Snoke's prying eyes. “I had someone do a background check of all the artists on the list.” “He was on the list?” Hux asks, disbelievingly. Not that he doubts Ben’s worth, and besides the prize is hardly about an artist’s worth alone – Snoke’s so-called “eye” has led him to support art on the basis of far shoddier motives than the qualities inherent to a piece. But Hux has tried to keep an eye out for Ben’s work, and he hasn’t seen any of it – anywhere. Unless… Hux never bothered to look into Kylo Ren’s art. He’d heard from a few colleagues that Ren’s paintings were good, but the Knights of Ren as a whole were mostly known for shooting holes in black canvases and for using mannequins as props in their gruesome and disturbingly realistic still-lives. As a rule, Hux avoided work that reminded him of his father and his bloody performances. Snoke slides another picture towards him, far glossier than the first, a photograph of a painting. Hux recognizes Ben’s touch immediately. In a way, his works are sculptures as much as they are paintings. Ben loves textures, the layering of paint and the destruction of these layers. Even on a reproduction, Hux can see the places where the paint has been peeled away by impatient fingers, or where it sank down under the pressure of an angry thumb. Dark red seeps glistening through the ever-present black paint. As often, Hux is struck by the way Ben suffuses the darkness with light. The black surface glints as the cuts and dents that Ben has made in the thick paste trap and refract the light. The throbbing red, meanwhile, seems ominous in its suggested depths. Hux used to think that there was something hypnotic about Ben’s paintings. Spiritual, perhaps. They’d been black and white when they’d met, far more meandering, with the swirls of black lines inviting the viewer to some sort of meditation. This painting is more aggressive, though still reminiscent of Ben as Hux knew him. Earnest to the last, ready to paint with his blood if it will instil in his works the premise of a higher meaning. “This is the work that drew my attention to Kylo Ren,” Snoke says. “Of course it was presented to me as an abstract painting, but if you ask me, the world doesn’t need another abstract painter. We’ll use bits and pieces of that persona – the primitive appeal of colours as a means of expression, the poignancy of the unresolved conflict between these two colours, when they have both been associated with evil over time... The use of black as a source of light is fascinating, don’t you think? This being said, I’d like to market the boy as a product of the Romantics. Rome in flames and the Pandemonium. There’s some of that here, isn’t there? And perhaps of the slaughtered oxen.” “What is this really about?” Hux asks. “I want you to go and help Kylo select his paintings for the prize. He’ll be up against worthy competition, including some scavenger artist who grows her art. Pick wisely.” “I haven’t seen him in years,” Hux protests. “I’m not sure that I’m…” Ready , he completes inwardly. “…the right person,” he says, instead. “This painting was shown at the Chrome exhibit last year,” Snoke says, gesturing towards the photograph. “Curiously, it bears your name.” Hux is too startled to speak. He watches Snoke flip over the picture, baring an inscription on the back – Armitage II , and a date. Obviously, Snoke is waiting for a reaction. Hux is not about to oblige him. He has no idea how to react. Ben has used his hated first name, and that calls for resentment. But he used it eight years after their last meeting, as if it still meant something to him. Hux’s curiosity is picked. “Fine,” he says. “I’ll do it.” “Good,” Snoke says. “I didn’t expect it any other way. Oh, and try to find out what happened to Armitage I . Series do tend to make abstract art more palatable.” Hux retreats to his office. At first glance, the room could seem like an impersonal void, much like Snoke’s. The furniture is made of durasteel, like the floor, and of glass, like the walls. But in Hux’s case, the materials provide an accurate reflection of his personality, or at least, of the outer aspects of this personality: the impeccable appearance, the stiff bearing. Usually, when something troubles him, he tends to avoid the trappings of this glass cage, preferring to wander in the public section of the Foundation. There’s always an empty room where he can devise a solution to his troubles, seated in front of some massive artwork that it’ll have cost Snoke a fortune to import. He can’t exactly do this at present. First of all, he’s seen enough of the new exhibition, a garish display by Bala-Tik that involves dangling mannequins in red bodysuits. Secondly, the conversation with Snoke has rattled him. Hux isn’t used to having personal issues – any problem he’s had to solve in the past few years has had to do with the Foundation. Long gone are the days when his father would place him in the middle of a scene, and drench him in animal blood, all for the sake of a performance. Gone, too, are the days when Hux fancied himself an artist, and tried to prove it to the world by graduating from some pretentious art school. And then there’d been Ben. Hux switches on his tablet. Predictably, Snoke has already sent him Kylo Ren’s number, along with an absurdly long file detailing the artist’s various projects and awards. Hux scrolls down, ostensibly to look at Ren’s artworks. In truth, he’s half-hoping to find a picture of Ren, and half-trying to delay the moment when he’ll have to call him. It’s that or turn up early at the cocktail party they’re throwing in Bala-Tik’s honour. Hux might not be eager to call Ren, but he’ll take that over the ear-splitting sounds from the faceless mannequins. The artist calls it “an instinctive form of communication, mediated by technology.” Hux might have a non-judgmental approach to contemporary art, but he cares about his eardrums. It turns out all the pictures in the file are of the Knights of Ren, which means Ben is wearing a metallic mask – unless it’s a state-of-the-art lampshade. Since the Knights produce their work collectively, they enforce a strict rule about anonymity. Hux’s curiosity gets the better of him, and he checks online. Once again, he doesn’t find much. Pictures of the Knights, and one grainy photo, which startles him enough that he forgets to breathe for a second. You can only see Ben’s back, but there’s no mistaking the large shoulders and the black hair. He’s been caught in the act of splattering black paint onto a canvas at his feet. The picture captured him precisely mid-movement, the paint flying in a large arc from the container in his hand to the white canvas. Ben’s body seems to follow the trajectory of the paint, leaning forward with one long leg extended behind him. He could type Ben Solo’s name in the search engine, but suddenly that doesn’t seem like such a good idea. Not when a blurry picture of Ben’s back has him salivating like he’s a teenager again, sneaking into his father’s workshop and digging up all manners of provocative art, trying to find out what will turn him on. It’s not like he hasn’t seen anyone else in the past eight years. There have been… flings, the occasional one-night stand. He’d even given the serious thing a try, briefly, with a guy he’d met at his local café. He wouldn’t say that there’s a Ben-sized hole in his life. But the longing will sneak up on him, every once in a while, like one might long for a storm after a string of too-hot, too-steady days. He reaches for his phone and types in the number Snoke gave him. After a dozen rings, he resigns himself to leaving a message, not quite knowing if he’s relieved or disappointed. Of course, it’s then that Ben picks up. “Sorry, sorry, sorry,” Ben – Kylo Ren – says. “I couldn’t find the phone. It was behind a cabinet. I think I threw it… sometimes I throw it – can I help you?” This nonsense is so winded and unaffected and utterly Ben that Hux looses all his carefully chosen words. “I’m,” he tries. He hopes Ben can’t hear him fidget. With an effort, he forces himself to put down the pen he’d been trying to drive through the desk. “I represent the Snoke Foundation,” he says. “As you might be aware…” “Oh,” Ben – Kylo says. “It’s about that prize.” “Mr Snoke wishes me to arrange a meeting with you, so that we can select the works…” “Yeah, sure,” Kylo cuts in. “Tell you what, you should just come now. I’m around today, but after that I’m joining the Knights for a performance in Coruscant, so…” “Today,” Hux repeats. “Yeah. In an hour, now, whenever.” “I’m currently at the headquarters of the Foundation,” Hux says, slowly. Maybe the chemicals in Kylo’s paint have done something to his brain. “It’s in another city ,” he clarifies. “Oh.” The silence on Kylo’s side lasts long enough that Hux can hear him smashing something open. He holds the phone away from his ear until the screeching and banging have subsided. “Early afternoon, then?” Kylo resumes. “I’ve got to go, I just spilled acid everywhere. See you this afternoon.” He hangs up. Hux stares at the phone, unwilling to process the implications of this strange conversation. Before long, the phone is thrumming in his hand. It’s a text from Kylo’s number, with the address of the building. Not that Hux needs it. He’d first spent about a year wandering in and out of the old workshops, and then the year after that he’d pretty much moved in, in that corner of Ben’s workshop where they’d thrown a sunken mattress. The very thought of that mattress is offensive to Hux now, reminiscent of a lifetime of lazy hung-over mornings and sleepless nights, of a drunk Ben trying and failing to kick off his pants, and of Hux biting a corner of the pillowcase so their neighbours wouldn’t hear him moan. And when Ben had noticed it had been Ben’s large hand on his mouth, and the sheltering warmth of Ben’s body against his back … Hux nearly kicks back his chair in frustration. But there’s no running away from such thoughts, only a long forward fall. Whatever happens, he has to see this through – Snoke will have his head on a platter if he doesn’t. And if Ben lashes out at him, well. It wouldn’t be unjustified. After all, it had been Hux who’d put an end to things, eight years back. At least, if he’d done it civilly… But no, he’d made sure to choose the day of Ben’s first gallery opening, and he’d diligently kicked a painting on his way out, his shoe tearing a hole in the black canvas. That’s not something he’d been particularly eager to mention to Snoke, either. But that painting had been the first in what was now a series. Armitage I . The last time Hux visited the Upsilon building – or, rather, the last time he stormed out of it, still wearing a too-long sweater of Ben’s and with whatever belongings he’d been able to grasp in the heat of the moment – the front yard had been overgrown. Hux remembers a wasteland of weeds and thorns, with the rusty remnants of an art project poking out from among the greenery – broken spokes, and an old carrousel horse. There’s a garden now. The air around Hux feels empty. Back then, he’d swing his arms and find grass stems sliding over his knuckles. Now the lawn is impeccable, with flowerbeds and trees circumscribed by wire fences. The only concession to the building’s function as a residence for artists is the fountain, where someone has installed – and at that Hux stops, startled – what he identifies as one of his old creations. He used to dabble with metal back then, for no other purpose than to see how he could set objects into motion. The thing they put in the fountain is a contorted mess, with revolving hoops of iron and a small, crooked bird in the centre of it all, sputtering water through its iron beak, and fluttering its articulated wings. It seems a miracle that the bird is still functioning after all this time, despite the damage sustained by the metal. Then again, Hux’s creations were always sturdier than they looked, not unlike their creator. Hux tears his eyes away from the sculpture, tries not to wonder who could have put it there. It hadn’t been just him and Ben, anyways. The building can house at least ten people if not more, and there’d been the guy who made artificial fish scales, and the couple who recorded their lovemaking and then broadcasted it while they painted, and the old man with the rock piles, and Poe Dameron, whose presence there had been a perpetual mystery. Supposedly, he’d been writing a thesis, though Hux never found out what it was about. Art, or anthropology, or contemporary myths or maybe the delusional psychology of artists. Hux wonders if anyone of them is still living here, but he doubts it. It sounds like Ben to hold on to the past for far longer than he should, to remain put when he should move. The others will have moved on, or died trying. The building was a villa once. It had been built for a whimsical doctor who wanted a suburban retreat. After his death, it became an all-girls boarding school, and then it had been abandoned, for a time. Hux can faintly recall a story of Ben’s parents having met here, during a party, though neither of them were a part of the artistic crowd. They’d been arrested together, and one thing had led to another. Ben treated his return to Upsilon as fate, at first, and then as some sort of personal challenge. Erasing the old with the new. He’d been the one who suggested they rename the building. Less artistic guild, more frat house , Hux remembers saying, when Ben had come up with the name. The Upsilon might look better on the outside, with its freshly painted walls and the disorienting void where the weeds used to be. But the door still opens willingly when Hux pushes it. Apparently, they could afford the paint but couldn’t be bothered to install a lock. This means the rock guy must have left. He’d been the most adamant about the need to secure the house. Once, he’d gone half-mad when someone had broken in and stolen his latest installation. Although, with hindsight, Hux has to wonder if it really was a break-in, and not just Ben and Poe fooling around. The old man had a point, though. It used to be deceptively easy to waltz into the house. It still is. Hux comes across people in the hall that have no business being there, friends of friends of friends of the tenants, probably, and many art students. Those are easily recognizable, with their blatant attempts at being someone , this constant distillation of their innermost selves into a quirk of the lips or a bored pout. Hux was like them, once, and he misses it now, this easy assumption that he was different, distinct from all the rest. Of course you’re different , Ben had said, like he didn’t (couldn’t) understand. Hux walks up to a group of people who might be living here, unless the girl has a habit of going about town barefoot, and in what looks like pyjama bottoms. “I’m looking for Kylo Ren?” “Top floor, the closed door. Are you here about that prize?” the girl asks. “Fuck, if the Knights win, we’ll never hear the end of it.” “I don’t see how someone in their right mind could award them a prize,” one of the boys says, looking down his nose at Hux. It’s not something he could do if they weren’t on a staircase. Hux might be lithe, but he’s reasonably tall. He makes a point of staring the boy down on his way up. “That guy’s full of himself,” he hears as he leaves. And, “You could buy a country with that coat.” Hux begs to differ. If that were true, he’d have bought the country, not the coat. Kylo Ren’s studio is not where Ben’s used to be. From what he remembers, the studios on the top floor have the best lighting, but they’re far from being roomy. It’s strange to think of someone like Ben inhabiting anything less than a large room, with his tall frame and his long limbs. It brings up another memory – not Ben the hot-headed artist with the brutal mood swings, but the quieter version Hux had first met, with his hunched shoulders and his forlorn eyes. He steels himself before knocking on the door. It’s not that he fears Ben like he did his father, or his father’s art. But he’s learned to be wary on principle. “It’s open.” The room he walks into is narrow, branching off into a kitchen at the other end. The light comes from the glass roof above, falling upon the many paintings stacked against the walls, some of them gigantic in size. It’s a semblance of order masking an underlying disorder. There are rags on the floor and upturned tins under the cluttered tables and trays. Hux would bet his life that the paintings have been put away at random, and that they haven’t been inventoried. Most of them probably aren’t signed. The one time he’d remarked upon that, way back when, Ben had spent an afternoon picking fake dates and pseudonyms, mostly by reading random articles in Poe Dameron’s Encyclopaedia of Aircrafts . It’s a strange studio overall, shaped like a corridor, and high as a cathedral. For a time, Hux is distracted enough by the sight of it that he doesn’t think to check the corners by the door, where the light can’t quite penetrate. He’s brought back to his senses by a hint of movement to his right, and that’s when he realizes that Ben is standing there, silently watching him. “Hells,” Hux gasps. Any awkwardness he might have felt is wiped clean by his surprise, and by the utter familiarity of it. It’s very much like Ben, to hide in the shadows so he’ll see and not be seen. “Sorry. I wanted to make sure it was really you,” Ben says. And what would you have done , Hux wants to ask, if it hadn’t been me? Jumped out and cried “Surprise!”? He bites back the words, marvelling at how quickly the dynamics have come back to him, mockery and jealousy and whatever else used to colour all his interactions with Ben. Things that were less cathartic, and more difficult to name. “I’d have warned you on the phone,” Hux says. “But it didn’t come up. And I wasn’t sure how to phrase it.” “I recognized your voice. On the phone.” That seems unlikely, though not entirely impossible. After all, Hux’s picture can easily be found on the Foundation’s website, and he’s done a number of interviews since Snoke put him in charge. “You look… grown-up?” Ben ventures. Hux would laugh if that wasn’t distractedly true of Ben, too. Of course he didn’t grow up , per se, though he does seem bigger than Hux remembers. There’s something older about him, though, so that as he stares mournfully at Hux, he doesn’t look so much like a petulant child, but rather like the desperate artist he’s always longed to be. Up to a point, at least. “Did you dress up to impress me?” Ben asks, lips quirking. “Don’t be ridiculous. These are my work clothes. I’m the director of the Foundation – of course I have to dress smartly.” Ben finally leaves his corner. Hux doesn’t know if that’s a good thing. Ben is hardly any taller than him, but when he decides that he wants to loom over someone, he does so with frightening efficiency. “They send the head of the Foundation to collect paintings?” Ben asks. “Just yours,” Hux quips. “I hope it makes you feel special.” It’s not exactly what he meant to say. In fact, this whole conversation isn’t going the way he wanted it to. During the minute or so during which he had allowed himself to envision a reconciliation, Hux had decided that he’d be more than happy to make the first step, if Ben wasn’t too ill-disposed. And instead, he hears himself grow meaner by the retort, as if he’s only returned to scorch whatever ground he failed to level eight years ago. “I had a look at the work you did in the past few years, and I must say I wasn’t really impressed. The way you defy expectations in your paintings is intriguing, surely, with the play on textures. But the work you do with the Knights…” “Hux…” “That installation you made about your dead grandfather was in poor taste if you ask me,” Hux goes on, stepping over to the closest table. He lifts a sheet of paper or two. It could be the outline of a future project or Ben’s grocery list. The state he’s in, he couldn’t tell the one from the other. “You can’t keep using masks as a metaphor for every unsolved issue in your life,” he says, without turning back. “And your work is so distinct from the rest of your collective, it makes no sense to…” “Hux,” Ben repeats. “I know you don’t like my work. You made that clear a while back. So you can go on repeating yourself, or we could…” “We could what?” Hux asks. He looks over his shoulder, to where Ben is still standing in the corner. Ben raises his eyebrows. Oh , Hux thinks, as something unfurls inside him, not quite hope and not quite fear. He realizes too late that he’s let the feeling show on his face. Of course Ben sees it. He’s always been preternaturally good at reading people. Or so Hux had thought, eight years ago. By the time he left, he wasn’t so sure anymore. Ben had been so utterly convinced that everything was fine – between them, and in their respective lives – that when Hux had snapped, he’d spent most of their argument standing in the middle of his workshop, silent and stupid. Ben doesn’t look confused now. If anything, he looks filled with the reckless sort of determination that often had him staying up several nights in a row, working on some doomed project while Hux slept alone, lulled to sleep by the sound of vigorous brushstrokes. Hux barely has time to turn that Ben is crowding him against the table, large hands fitted around his hips. For a heady second, Hux entertains the thought of a kiss. But he draws back before Ben can lean in, and asks, eyes narrowed, “Wait. Did you plan this?” Now that the thought has entered his mind, it's hard to dislodge it, especially since every other look at Ben seems to reveal tell-tale details. The clean black turtleneck and the dark jeans are not the clothes of an artist who’d recently been manipulating acid. Ben's hair is suspiciously clean (glossy, even, just like Hux remembers, from a hundred mornings spent weaving in and out of a tiny bathroom as Ben blow-dried it to perfection). “You did plan this,” he stammers, a little disoriented due to the proximity of Ben’s lips, and to the steady gaze of the warm brown eyes. “Did you also enter that competition to screw me? Or was that incidental?" “Let me make it up to you,” Ben whispers. “What?” Hux asks, and lets out a surprised sound of yearning when Ben rocks against him, not quite willingly, as if he can’t hold himself back. “Whatever it is that you think I’ve done,” Ben mutters. He goes in for the kill, arms sliding all the way around Hux’s waist. Hux is about to protest again. It seems wise, or prudent, at least. But the words die on his lips. He’d forgotten what kissing Ben felt like. The urgency of it, as if Ben was satisfying a long-lasting crave and he didn’t have much time. It’s all bumping noses and teeth closing on tongues and kisses landing on Hux’s chin instead of his mouth. Hux should be offended – it’s all a slobbering mess – and he should be understanding – it’s been so long – but mostly, he knows it’s the way it’s always been and always will be, and the only thought that circles back round, again and again, is how did I survive without this? He issues a vague sound of protest when Ben draws back, and a strangled question when Ben drops to his knees, his hands moving to the front of Hux’s trousers. Hux is painfully hard at this point, and he gives up on talking altogether, biting down on his lower lip when the trousers slide down. Of course Ben remembers everything. How deep to take him so that Hux’s legs will begin to shake, how slow and wet he likes it, how his hands will curl in Ben’s hair if he turns his head a fraction to nuzzle Hux’s inner thigh – and when to stop, so that Hux will shudder and sigh, content with the wait, with the slow torture of it as every one of his muscles goes rigid with tension and his hand moves upon Ben’s head, sloppily wiping sweat from his brow. “You do have a bed, right?” Hux says, before he can think better of it. Ben looks up and Hux can tell they’re thinking of the same thing. That time Ben had fucked him against one of his paintings, with the wet paint shifting under Hux’s writhing hips, and every knob of his spine making a dent in the canvas. Gouges and lumps of paint, the blacks brilliant and the reds diffuse, as if the painting was a reflection of his body, inside and out, protruding bones and sinking hollows. “Back there,” Ben says. Hux holds up the crumpled ruins of his trousers as Ben pulls him by the hand towards the back of the workshop. On another occasion, he might have looked at the paintings around him, but as it is, it’s all he can do to walk rather than run. He could swear it’s the same mattress. It’s certainly as dirty and battered as the last. Once they’ve tumbled down onto it, long legs hanging off the edge, Hux forgets that he’d meant to wait, to make this last in case – because – it’s the last time. He gets Ben off with a hasty handjob, cheating because he remembers, too. He knows how to hold Ben down, with his knees digging into Ben’s sides and his feet crushed under Ben’s thighs. He knows what grip will break Ben, how his body will slacken and his eyes go glassy. Hux is close, too, though he could have held on a while longer. Suddenly he feels immensely stupid for not planning ahead. He knows the location of every dingy bathroom in this old building. He could have taken a moment there to prepare himself, and then maybe there could have been some actual fucking, instead of this frantic groping. “I have condoms,” Ben tells him drowsily. “Give me a minute, and we can, like, fuck, or something.” What will you do if you ever get an actual interview? Hux used to ask. The way art looks these days, you need words to give it a purpose. But it’s not that Ben can’t be eloquent. After a time, Hux had started to suspect that it had something to do with him – as if Ben were smashing his sentences to pieces, just because he knew it would push the words straight under Hux’s skin. “Or something,” Hux mumbles in reply. He’s all but passed out on Ben’s chest, and he’s left a spot of drool on the black wool of Ben’s turtleneck. The fabric is incredibly soft against his cheek. He wants to sleep like he hasn’t slept in years. He wants to stay awake and commit every paint-splattered detail of the room to memory. He wants to fuck Ben, or something. At the same time, now that the first rush of sensation has started to ebb, his mind returns to its usual process of unpacking and dissecting events. He’d suspected Ben of organizing this encounter, but the more he thinks about it, the likelier it seems that the whole thing is Snoke’s doing. Snoke had expressed an interest in Ben’s Armitage series, and what better way to turn the paintings into a series, than to send the model back to the artist’s workshop? Hux looks at Ben, who has thrown his head back and closed his eyes, his long face sallow in the dirty kitchen-light. It’s only because he seems to have fallen asleep that Hux dares to whisper, “I do like your work.” For a time, he’s lost in thought, listening to the steady thump of Ben’s heartbeat against his ear. “You find light in darkness,” he goes on tentatively. “Or maybe it’s that you make it . In any case… I don’t dislike it. And Ben…” Ben mumbles something, somewhere above Hux’s head. “Pardon?” “It’s Kylo Ren,” Ben repeats. He says it a little sullenly, like he’s already expecting a rebuke. “Fine,” Hux scoffs. “ Kylo .” It’s just as well that Ben chose to interrupt him. Hux had been about to confess that he’d missed him.