Wimbledon Hux shifted in his seat and pulled at his tie. The sun was shining which was a nice change from yesterday’s rain because the matches didn’t get delayed, but it still made him nervous. Ben didn’t play well in sunshine, for some reason, and he needed to win this match. He had never gotten into the Wimbledon final and there was a certain appeal of having his charge win the posh tournament the English love so much. That would show them, an American under an Irishman’s management winning their beloved hidebound Wimbledon. The score was 7:5, 4:6, 7:5, 5:3 for Ben’s opponent, a tall, gangly player from Croatia who went to serve. Everyone was slowly getting out of their seats, convinced the winner would claim this match soon. Hux knew Ben was the most stubborn person in the world and there was no one quite so skilled at turning around seemingly lost matches, but even Ben had his limits. It certainly looked bleak for him, and he needed Hux’s support more than ever. Ben stood up from his bench and picked up his racket. He looked up and found Hux’s eyes in the crowd. Hux tugged at his tie and his lips parted as Ben scrutinized his face. Ben nodded and something about his face changed, his jaws clenched and his stride was powerful and angry as he walked to his side of the court to face his opponent. A new wave of hope passed through Hux when he saw it. Ben returned the Croatian’s forceful serving with determination and stubbornness. He dominated the game and took it easily, 40 to 0. His eyes shifted back to Hux as he went to dry his face and take a gulp of water. Hux returned his gaze with rolling up his sleeve. Ben’s expression didn't change as he walked back into the game and played two aces so hard and fast they were almost invisible. From then on, he didn’t allow his opponent to play much; most of the points the Croatian got were Ben’s unforced errors. Ben won the set and stayed in the game when everyone had already written him off. Hux realized he couldn’t promise Ben much, no matter how bad the situation seemed and how much he seemingly needed it. Hux didn’t make promises he couldn’t keep and he wasn’t going to fuck Ben so raw he wouldn’t be able to play, even if his player wanted it bad. When Ben stepped into the sunlit green square, his dark hair in stark contrast with the white forehead band holding his curls from his eyes, there was confidence, arrogance even, in his step. The audience cheered his opponent and Ben grit his teeth together. He had never been liked much, by his peers, by the people, by his family even. Hux was probably the only person who truly liked him. All the support the Croatian got was good for nothing to him anyway. He was tired, didn’t play the balls that he caught easily in the first set, and he was slower. Ben on the other hand seemed to get more and more energy with each game he won, with each fifteen even. Only thirteen minutes have passed and he was already leading 4:0. Hux smiled dryly as the audience grew restless, cheering their champion on. He was sure now that Ben would win, nothing could separate them from Wimbledon final now. The Croatian put up a fight enough to make sure he didn’t go home with the ignominious bagel and snatched one game for himself. Ben shouted with glee when his last ball hit the ground in the opposite side of the court than where the Croatian was. He reached for his hair elastic and pulled it away, freeing his rich, wet mane to cascade onto his shoulders. People expected it, the tabloids were up for another round of the competition of who took a picture of it that looked the most pornographic. Hux stood up and clapped along with the others, desperate to follow Ben into the changing room. There was an interview to make and Ben did so, entertaining the lady talking to him and, as Hux suspected, the viewers watching it as well, with “I’m going to bed and I’ll stay there until the final.” Hux smirked at it. He waited for Ben in the changing room. He had a bottle of water with lime slices floating in it and a plate with some of Ben’s favorite fruits. They would celebrate properly in their room but he needed his champion not to pass out on him in the shower. “How was I?” Ben barged into the room, victorious glee in his eyes. He looked tired, sweat stuck his shirt to his muscular chest and his hair curled prettily around his big ears. “Terrible,” Hux replied but grinned. He stood up and offered Ben the bottle. “A menace.” Ben drained the bottle in no time and handed the bottle back. He sat down on the ground to stretch his muscles to avoid soreness in them and let Hux feed him slices of pears and oranges followed by sweet spoonfuls of the purplish flesh of figs. He licked Hux’s fingers when they were done before heading into the shower. Hux waited for him with a towel and made Ben stand motionlessly while he rubbed his body dry. He appreciated every inch of Ben’s body, starting with his hair and face. He kissed the plump lips quickly before moving onto the rest of Ben’s body. He traced the bones and tendons with his lips as well and whispered praise against Ben’s skin. There was nothing sexual in it; Ben was too tired and exhilarated for that, but it was deeply intimate. Hux hardly ever went on his knees in front of Ben and they learnt to cherish these moments. When Hux was done, he helped Ben into clean, warm clothes and kissed him again before they collected their things and headed back to the hotel. They took a cab and sat a bit too close in the backseat as Ben was comfortably worn out and wanted nothing more than to snuggle with Hux and the ginger’s heart ached to do the same but he didn’t allow it. He couldn’t allow it and it was tearing him apart, seeing how Ben suffered when Hux pushed him away in public as well as his own longing to tell the whole world that Ben was his, that the wonder who beat last year’s Wimbledon champion was his. Hux allowed himself one quick kiss into Ben’s wet hair, hoping the driver didn’t notice. Once in their suite, Hux pulled Ben into an embrace and kissed him, slowly, lovingly, worshipfully. Ben was almost falling asleep at this point and he leaned into Hux’s arms, almost dead weight. Hux guided him towards the jacuzzi that stood on a pedestal by the windows that made up almost the entirety of the wall and offered the view of London. Hux pushed some buttons to start the program and undressed Ben gently, helping him into the tub. He took his own clothes off as well and climbed in. He took Ben onto his lap and wrapped his arms around Ben’s stomach and held him close. “I’m proud of you,” Hux mumbled when Ben laid his head back and rested it on Hux’s shoulder. Ben smiled slightly. “I’ll win for you,” he whispered. “I know.” They sat in the tub for almost an hour; Ben dozed off on Hux’s shoulder and his lips parted slightly. He looked vulnerable and too young to be sitting naked in Hux’s lap. Hux woke Ben up when he noticed their skin was getting wrinkly from being in the water for too long. Besides, he didn’t want either of them to end up with stiff neck or back. Ben opened his eyes and looked momentarily confused before he felt Hux’s lips on his neck. “We should get out. Your fingers look like raisins,” Hux said when he knew he had Ben’s attention. Ben nodded and stood up, stepping carefully on the mat in front of the tub. Hux reached for a towel and dried Ben thoroughly before rubbing his own body. Ben was already lying in bed, face first, when Hux threw the towel over the hanger and switched the tub off. The room fell silent. “Come here,” Ben muttered against the mattress and it came out like an incoherent whine. Hux smiled and obliged. “Do you want me to massage you?” he asked when Ben remained lying on his front. “Uh hum.” “I’ll take that as a yes,” Hux smiled and reached for a bottle of soothing ointment he kept to rub into Ben’s muscles. He knelt down with his legs on either side of Ben’s back and coated his hands with the balm before laying his fingers onto the back of Ben’s neck. They were silent while Hux worked his way down Ben’s back except for Ben’s occasional content sighs. Hux had hired a masseur for Ben a while back only to watch him work and learn how to do it himself. He didn’t want someone else to touch Ben, not ever. He knew most people did it and there was nothing intimate in massages but as he knelt above Ben completely at his mercy, it seemed quite intimate to him. Hux moved lower on Ben’s legs as he massaged Ben’s butt. He resisted the urge to tease Ben’s hole with his fingers - he had promised himself not to enter Ben during tournaments, and resisting after having slick fingers inside would be even more difficult. When he was done with Ben’s ass cheeks, he turned him around, spread his legs and knelt between them. He took Ben’s right thigh into his palms and squeezed gently from his groin down to his knee and back up. Ben’s cock stirred into attention when Hux caressed the insides of his thigh. Hux smirked and bent Ben’s leg to pay attention to his calf. He kissed the inner side of Ben’s knee and licked his way up, ignoring the tart taste of the ointment. Ben’s breathing quickened and his cock filled up with more blood as Hux teased his perineum with experienced licks. Hux ran his tongue down the length of Ben’s shaft and went on with the massage as if nothing happened. Ben didn’t dare say anything but he squirmed under Hux’s hands, trying to get his trainer to pay attention to his erection. Hux smirked and repeated the same procedure with Ben’s left leg. He licked his way up to Ben’s groin and lingered there, waiting for Ben to do something. “Either do something or take your tongue off me, please,” Ben sighed at least and his back arched. Hux smiled and nudged Ben’s thighs to raise them up onto his shoulders. Ben obliged and whimpered when Hux trailed wet kisses down until he reached Ben’s hole. He teased the rim with his tongue, not really pushing in. He felt the blanket shift slightly and he knew Ben took handfuls of it in search of purchase. Hux wondered for a while whether he should get a towel under them not to stain the sheets but he didn’t want to ruin the moment. “Don’t come until I tell you. If you feel like you can’t take it any more, tell me,” he told Ben instead and waited for a response before he went on. “Okay, I will,” Ben promised, his lips parted and his eyes shut tightly. “Good boy,” Hux said and bent down again to lick at Ben’s hole. He never admitted it but there was something exciting about this - Ben’s cock looming above his head, the fact that he could make Ben come without either of their dicks being used. Hux teased Ben’s rim a little more before slipping his tongue inside Ben. He felt the muscles in Ben’s thighs clench and wondered whether this was a fortunate position until he realized Ben was warm and stretched, there was no need to worry about a pulled muscle all the time. He stopped worrying about it, knowing that Ben would tell him if something felt forceful, and put his mind wholly into his task. He flicked his tongue in and out of Ben, nibbled at the skin on the innermost, vulnerable part of Ben’s thigh that connected to his perineum, nuzzled Ben’s balls. Ben was letting out words of encouragement as well as incoherent moans and sighs and the tip of his cock was covered with sticky pre-come. Hux stuck his tongue as far up Ben’s hole as he could and moved it, searching for a sweet spot. He found it and Ben shuddered, his legs shaking on Hux’s shoulders. “Hux I - ugh - I think I’m going to come,” Ben warned. Hux hit Ben’s prostrate one more time before withdrawing his tongue and taking the tip of Ben’s cock in his mouth. “Oh fuck,” Ben groaned and came into Hux’s mouth. Hux kept Ben’s cock between his lips, sucking gently at it for as long as it spattered warm, salty semen and pulled away as soon as he was sure Ben had descended the high. He set Ben’s thighs gently on the bed and raised himself on all fours, hands close to Ben’s armpits, and smiled at Ben. He was hard himself and wanted nothing more than to shove his cock into Ben’s mouth and come all over his face, but today was about Ben, not about him. “Thank you,” Ben sighed blissfully. “You’re welcome,” Hux grinned, “we’re not finished yet.” Ben hummed in appreciation and raised one hand to pull Hux into a kiss. Hux didn’t expect it and lost his balance, falling on top of Ben with an undignified yelp. Ben laughed and wrapped his arms around Hux’s waist. “I’m not done with the massage,” Hux grumbled but it came out a lot less commanding when Ben kissed the tip of his nose. “I just had a really nice orgasm. Let me return the favor,” Ben purred. “That was a part of the massage, it’s not my fault you came from it,” Hux muttered, “seriously, let me go. I need to work on your arms.” “But you’ll let me blow you later.” “Yes, just let me go.” Ben grinned and released his grip on Hux’s torso. Hux knelt back between Ben’s thighs, ignoring his cock asking for attention. He ran his hands up Ben’s abdomen and stomach, kneading the defined muscles. He avoided looking into Ben’s eyes because he knew too well that if he did, the mischief in Ben’s gaze would make him give in to his body’s desires. He needed to make sure Ben’s muscles were as relaxed as possible after a match this long. Then he could fuck Ben’s mouth as he pleased. Hux’s breath hitched a little when he moved his hands onto Ben’s pecs and felt the latter’s breath and heartbeat under his palms. He tried to keep his touch professional but he couldn’t resist playing with Ben’s nipples. He loved Ben’s chest, his pectorals that were way too big compared to the rest of him, and his nipples. Sometimes, when he felt particularly weak, he told Ben to hold his pecs together and fucked the space between them senseless. Ben’s collarbones stood out and Hux wanted to bite onto them. They didn’t show all the time but when they did, it was worth it. Hux contained himself before he did something stupid. He moved so that now he was straddling Ben’s waist, his erected cock leveled with Ben’s chest. He tried to ignore Ben’s own shaft pressed against the crack of his ass. He took Ben’s right arm between his fingers and paid attention to it for so long Ben started to groan in frustration. Hux ignored him and made him spread fingers and kneaded the little muscles in his palm as well. He ran his fingers over the calluses. Ben laced their fingers together and Hux let him for a while before pulling away and working at Ben’s left arm. Finally he was satisfied with his work. If Ben’s muscles hurt in the morning, it wouldn’t have been his fault. “Done?” Ben asked and he tried to sound annoyed but he came across as needy instead. “Yes,” Hux nodded. “May I?” “Yes.” Ben rolled them over and tried to kneel between Hux’s legs but there wasn’t enough space for him. He shrugged, pulled Hux closer to the edge of the bed and knelt beside it. Hux raised his head to look what was going on and the sight of Ben hidden almost completely except for the top of his head and his eyes was delicious. Hux forced himself to look up at the ceiling and concentrated on his breathing in order not to come before Ben even had the chance to touch him. Ben pushed his legs even father apart and positioned his head between them. He sucked and nibbled at the insides of Hux’s thighs, hard enough to leave marks. He did everything with passion, and it showed. Hux was prone to bruising easily, black crescents appeared wherever Ben’s teeth sank. Hux supposed there still were some faint marks from the last time he allowed Ben near his thighs. The hickeys on his neck and shoulders were still purple. “I swear one day I’ll report you for domestic abuse,” Hux groaned. “You won’t,” Ben smirked. “I will.” Ben took Hux’s cock into his mouth and went all the way down until his nose was buried in the hair at the base of it. Hux let out a loud exhale and he grabbed a fistful of Ben’s long hair. “I won’t,” Hux muttered through gritted teeth as Ben started pulling back until Hux’s cock fell out of his mouth, wet with saliva. Ben smirked and cupped Hux’s balls with his hand. “You’re a cheating fuck,” Hux groaned, “use your mouth.” “Yes, sir.” Ben took Hux’s dick back between his lips and circled the tip with his tongue. He took more of Hux in when the hand in his hair pulled. Soon he gave in and set a steady rhythm, his hands on each of Hux’s hips. “You’re such a slut for my cock, aren’t you?” Hux sneered. Ben shrugged and reached the base of Hux’s shaft easily. “You want me to come down your greedy throat, don’t you?” “Do you want me to answer you or should I suck your cock? I’m confused here.” Hux would have slapped Ben if he could but he couldn’t reach him properly. He pulled at Ben’s hair instead. “Don’t be cheeky with me, boy,” he growled. “Yes, sir,” Ben said and tried to take Hux’s cock back into his mouth. His lips barely touched the tip when Hux’s back arched and he came with a loud gasp. Ben swallowed his come dutifully and remained on his knees at the base of the bed, waiting for more instructions. Hux lay there, exhausted and tingling, for a while before he realized Ben was still sitting on his heels on the ground. “Come here,” Hux said, voice hoarse, “I’m exhausted for now.” Ben climbed onto the bed and scooped Hux into his arms. They spooned for a while and Ben almost drifted off again when Hux spoke. “We’ll watch the match tomorrow. I’m not ignoring the mistakes you made just because you won.” “I know.” “I’ll give you everything I promised you after the final. Whatever the result is.” “I know.” “Do you think they’ll wonder which girl’s lips you remembered before you so spectacularly turned the almost lost match?” “I hope so,” Ben grinned against Hux’s shoulder. They had so much fun reading the tabloids trying to puzzle out who was behind Ben’s sudden change from an impulsive boy unable to contain his anger on the court to a focused first-class player. For some reason nobody ever tried to say it could have been the new trainer. “It was hilarious when they followed Phasma around and tried to catch you two together. I thought I’d die from laughter when she snapped at that paparazzo.” Ben chuckled at the memory. Their mutual friend, a deadly soldier, was not amused by pseudo-journalists stalking her in attempt to catch her on a date with Ben. Her equally scary girlfriend enjoyed every second of kissing Phasma in front of the crowd. The headlines after that were so hilarious Ben had them framed and hanged above his bed. “I wish I could tell them the truth,” Ben whispered after a while and kissed Hux’s shoulder, “it would be so much easier if we didn’t have to hide.” “I told you we can’t,” Hux said, sharply. They had had this conversation too many times and it always went the same. Hux wished he could tell Ben that he was afraid of the reaction of his family, to say nothing about the people in the industry. People already watched Ben’s matches hoping he’d throw a tantrum rather than because they genuinely thought he was a good player. He couldn’t imagine what would happen if people learnt of their relationship. Only Phasma and Christina knew about them and Hux was fine with that. But Ben wasn’t. He wanted everyone to know that Hux was his, that he loved Hux, wanted to see everyone in shock when they hear. He couldn’t care less about his repute. “But you never told me why,” Ben sat up, “you always say: ‘No, we can’t.’ but you never tell me why.” “I told you. People would never take you seriously as a player if you came out. They’d always say: ‘Look, there’s the gay!’ They wouldn’t know how good you are, you’d be the queer, the peculiarity.” Hux sat up too and faced Ben. The warmth and sleepiness had gone out of them. “Maybe you’re just ashamed of me,” Ben blurted out, “maybe you are afraid of people knowing you’re queer. You always act like you put me first, but you’re a fucking hypocrite.” “I’m not afraid of people.” “Then prove it. Let’s come out as a couple,” Ben sneered, sure Hux wouldn’t agree. He was hurt, tears threatened to spill from his eyes but he managed to keep up the face of derision. “I can’t,” Hux said simply, not daring to say more. “Then get out,” Ben snapped coldly, “get your things and leave. I don’t want you here.” “Ben, please, don’t-“ “Shut up,” Ben shouted and tears ran down his cheeks. He got out of the bed and started putting on his clothes not to be naked in front of Hux, “you have a room here so go there.” “Please let me stay with you for the final at least.” “I will meet you tomorrow at nine in the lobby. We’ll go through my today’s match. After the final, I don’t want to see you ever again,” Ben said, his voice flat despite the emotions on his face. “Very well,” Hux picked up his wallet, phone and laptop and headed to the other room they had paid for for show. He shut the door with a loud snap. Ben climbed back into the bed and curled up into a ball. Tears poured out of his eyes in streams and he shook with violent sobs escaping his chest. He could still taste Hux’s come in his mouth and he rose to his feet to wash his teeth. His body was sticky with the ointment Hux had rubbed into his skin but he was too tired to shower. He washed his teeth forcefully, pressing the toothbrush against his teeth with strength. He took almost five minutes, more than he usually spent during both the morning and evening wash combined, and spat the bubbling paste into the sink with disgust. He washed his mouth and went back to bed. He crashed onto the pillow and closed his eyes before sitting up and flipping it onto the other side because this one smelled too much like Hux. He fell asleep with tears still running down his face. … Hux took a cold shower. Then he sat down to his table, opened his laptop and went to the internet to check what had happened in the world. He clicked onto the sports section despite himself, curious. He opened the article about Ben’s victory in trance. Usually, Ben would be by his side, laughing. Ben Solo (27) surprised the tennis world with yet another incredible turnabout. Hux ignored the serious news about the course of the match. He knew all that. He scrolled down in search of something more gossipy. There were photos and Hux found himself staring at one particularly revealing from when Ben played a smash that won him the important game. He was in the air, his face focused, his ponytail high above his head, the muscles in his right arm flexed. A bit of Ben’s abdomen showed above the waistband of his shorts and Hux caught a glimpse of a dark happy trail. He felt terrible for staring at Ben like this and even worse at the jealousy that hit him. He scrolled down and read the caption of the picture: Ladies will certainly appreciate this photo! Hux sneered; the media would probably never change. It will always be sexist and homophobic to cater to the brainless masses. Hux sighed and scrolled father down. There were a couple photos of the Croatian as well, of the referee, of the audience. And then, of course, there was a photo of Ben releasing his hair from the rubber band. Hux had to admit this one was rather good - Ben’s eyes were half-closed, excited and directed at someone in the audience. Hux knew it was him, he remembered the moment, but he peeled his eyes off the picture and read the caption. Who is the mysterious lady Ben looks so lovingly at? Hux felt sick suddenly and he closed the laptop without as much as minimizing the browser. … When Ben woke up, the sky was a dull shade of grey. He thought it matched his mood perfectly and tried to go back to sleep before he realized what had woken him up in the first place. He groaned and stood up, walking to the bathroom. He was emptying his bladder absent-mindedly when his stomach grumbled. He recalled he hadn’t eaten anything except for the fruit Hux had brought him. He would have eaten already, Hux usually fed him something after the massage. Ben had no idea when he should eat or what. Hux planned his diet, Ben just ate whatever he was presented. He walked back into the bedroom and picked up the menu on the table which up until now had been forbidden. He found a burger that looked both delicious and bad for his diet and he picked up the phone to order it with satisfaction. When they brought it, Ben was lying in bed, still clothed, and watching The Big Bang Theory on on TV. He accepted the food and tipped the man generously, winking at him charmingly. The man flushed and retreated from the room with loud thanks. Ben took the tray into the bed, placed it on his knees and picked up the burger, stuffing it into his mouth. Hux hated burgers, hated it when Ben had food all over himself in sticky smears, hated when Ben ate in bed, hated when Ben didn’t pay attention to what he was eating. Ben thought about all that as he watched Sheldon explain the pitfalls of gift-giving and juice from the burger mixed with ketchup ran down his forearms. … “Benjamin,” Hux said when he joined Ben at a table in the lobby the next day. He had his laptop, a notebook and a pen. Ben pretended to be busy on his phone while he muttered: “Armitage.” Hux tried to remain stoic at the use of his first name but he wasn’t convinced that he fooled Ben. He hated it and Ben only used it when he was mad at Hux. He supposed he deserved it for using Ben’s full name. “I have brought the video of your match,” Hux said and sat down across from Ben. One of them would have to move their chair to look at the video and he was determined it wouldn’t be him. “Great. How can I watch it from here?” Ben raised an eyebrow and returned to his phone. “Move closer,” Hux replied calmly. “I don’t want to,” Ben retorted. “You’re being childish.” “You can move over.” “I’m the one with the laptop.” “I’ve played the match, remember? I don’t need to see it again.” “This is exactly why all your previous trainers left you,” Hux said coldly but he did move closer to Ben. He was irritated, he didn’t sleep well, and he wanted to get this over with before the second semi-final took place. “If I remember correctly, it was me who fired you,” Ben muttered. “Can you at least pretend you can act like a professional?” Ben hid his phone in his pocket in a response and waited for Hux to start the laptop. Hux opened the video immediately and pressed play. Usually, they would tease each other, Hux would point out Ben’s good serves or returns as well as his mistakes and Ben would point Hux’s clenched jaws in the audience. This time they sat stiffly one beside the other and Hux only occasionally pointed out a glaring mistake, one he certainly didn’t have to talk about, Ben saw it himself. They were oddly quiet and distant. They didn’t need more than the four and half hours the match took even though usually they needed a whole afternoon. Ben wished to kiss the tension from Hux’s body and it made him angry even more. When they finished with Ben’s match, they still had some time before they’d be able to watch the match that would give Ben an opponent. “You should eat something,” Hux said stiffly. “I will.” “Something healthy.” “Okay.” “Good.” “I’ll be watching the match,” Ben said awkwardly. He thought he was never this uncomfortable around Hux, not even when the ginger strolled onto the court instead of his father who was supposed to be Ben’s trainer, and made Ben crawl around the court as a warm-up. “Okay.” They parted ways. Ben headed off into his suite to order another item on Hux’s no-go food list, Hux walked out of the hotel in search of a restaurant. … “Ben Solo surprised us on Thursday with how he turned the score of a seemingly lost match to his advantage. Today he’s surprising us with so many unforced errors. What is happening with Ben?” “I suppose he has received some bad news since Thursday. What I’m thinking is, are we getting another tantrum? He hadn’t thrown one on the court for years and the Wimbledon final is hardly a good time for it but we haven’t seen him play so badly for a long time.” “You’re right, and after such a spectacular game on Thursday. It’s truly a mystery.” … “I told you I didn’t want to see you!” Ben shouted when he found Hux waiting in the changing room. Hux had his usual snack - a bottle of lime water and a plate of fruits. “I came to apologize. I know it’s my fault you lost-“ “Fuck off, Hux,” Ren grunted, “I don’t want to hear your excuses.” “Please hear me out-“ “Are you going to tell me you’re willing to admit you’re my lover?” “No, I-“ “Then get out. I don’t have anything else to say to you.” “Ben, please, listen to me.” Ben undressed hastily, throwing his clothes on the floor, and stepped into the shower, ignoring Hux. When he got out, Hux was still there and he tried to rub Ben dry with a towel as he always did. Ben took the towel and rubbed himself wordlessly. There were tears in his eyes again, treacherous and annoying, so he hid his face behind the towel. “You’ll never win anything without me!” Hux yelled and dropped the plate with the fruits. His voice was wavering as he stormed off, the porcelain shattering into pieces at Ben’s feet. He waited for the sound of the door being slammed shut before he removed the towel from his face and looked around himself. There were bits of fruit scattered among china shards and his sweat-soaked clothes. He picked up his things, got dressed and walked out of the bathroom. He met a clerk and told him about the broken plate there before storming out of the stadium.