What's It Like? “Are you sure you’re alright man?” Poe looked down at his friend, his best friend, Finn, who lay prone on the soft white bed in his home on Yavin 4. The younger man nodded, looking morose. General Organa had ordered them to recoup away from the fighting for a while, since no news had been received on the First Order, ever since the destruction of the Starkiller base. Unfortunately, sitting around didn’t suit either of them very well at all. Poe placed a hand over Finn’s, blushing bashfully when their fingers entwined. Poe loved Finn. He wasn’t quite sure how much beyond friendship he felt for him but he knew it was definitely a significantly important amount more. So seeing Finn, someone he loved, not feeling his best, hurting even, hurt him too. He was glad then that they were able to get away from all the noise and the pain of the Resistance for a little while to come home. But they did not come home alone. “How are my two favorite boys?” Poe looked up with a grin to see the only person in the galaxy he knew he loved more than Finn. You. “Hey babe! We were just sitting around, waiting for you to come home,” Poe beamed. Sending a wave to Finn, you busied yourself around the room, replacing the bright bouquet of flowers for some fresher ones, tidying at the clothes left strewn over the backs of chairs, opening the wide windows to let in the languid afternoon air. You didn’t notice as Finn watched you potter about your business but Poe did. As Finn watched you, and as Poe watched Finn watch you, an idea sprang into Poe's head that he wasn’t able to shake. Poe loved Finn. He knew that very much. Poe also loved you. And that would never change. He had already given Finn his favorite jacket, a room in his home in Yavin, his unwaving loyalty and a part of his heart. Would giving him his girlfriend be so much different? Poe didn’t think so. “Hey Finn?” It was late on Yavin 4, Poe’s home world. He was currently lying across Finn's bed, busy fiddling with a piece of his X-wing's display that he was trying to recalibrate. You were soaking in the refresher down the hallway. Finn looked up from the book he was reading, curious. Poe had noticed he had been doing that, reading, a lot. It seemed under the First Order, there wasn’t much focus on learning outside of combat and strategic training. He didn’t know how Finn could manage reading so much every day when Poe barely had the patience to sit still while eating. “What’s up man?” Poe was trying to figure out how to steer the conversation to where he wanted it to go. “You haven’t really talked about what it was like being a Stormie for a while now.” “Really?” Finn frowned the frown he always gave when he was unsure of himself, of what he wanted to say. “What else did you want to know?” Deciding the best course of action was to dive right in, Poe replied, “Well what did you do about girls?” “Girls?” Finn’s face was both a picture of confusion and embarrassment, the gentle honesty in his face making Poe’s heart ache for him. “Yeah girls, man! I guess it must have been hard being a Stormie but when I try to think about what it would have been like to want to be with someone and not being able to… Just thinking about not being with my girl, not being able to hold her and kiss her when I felt like… I feel like my head’s gonna explode man,” he chuckled, Finn nodding along, his face furrowed in thought. “I guess that’s true. But when you’re a Stormtrooper, a… ah Stormie … you don’t even think about that kind of stuff. We had reconditioning if we so much as stepped out of time so you never really got to think thoughts… thoughts like those ...” Finn sighed, attention now firmly captured away from his book. “Wow man.” Poe was genuinely enthralled. With the way he thought about people and sex and you and Finn, he would have been a prime candidate for some reconditioning. “That sounds like it sucked. I mean like have you ever even kissed anyone?” “Kissed? Man o-of course I have! I’ve kissed tons of people tons of times! T-They used to call me the Kisser, ya know? C-Cuz I kissed so much…” Finn’s voice faded into a nervous silence and Poe resisted the urge to chuckle at how sweet it was. “Finn.” “Okay I lied, I haven’t kissed anyone.” The truth rushed out of him like a quickly deflating balloon. His innocence in some areas never failed to make Poe smile. “Oh. Okay. That’s okay dude.” Poe picked up his tiny screwdriver and pretended to go back to the hunk of tech in his hand. He knew he had already snared Finn’s curiosity. He just needed him to get to the conclusion on his own. “Hey Poe?” When Finn’s voice finally broke the silence, it took much effort for Poe to resist the urge to grin. Clearing his throat, Poe hummed, “Yeah, dude?” “What’s it like?” “What’s what like, Finn?” He knew Finn didn’t want to spell it out but Poe need him to be able to talk about what he wanted, what he liked for his whole crazy plan to work out. “Kissing someone… someone you like? “You mean someone like my girl?” Poe sighed, now grinning to himself. Thinking about you usually made him do that. Finn replied in a shy nod. Running a hand through his lush, dark hair, Poe finally pushed away the tangle of metal and wires to fully sink into his answer. “It’s amazing man. Like the whole universe is too big and too small at the same time for the feeling in your gut. It’s like your whole life you’ve been walking through the desert on Jakku-” “Jakku? Seriously man?” Poe laughed aloud at Finn’s interjection before he continued. “Yeah man. You’ve been walking miles and miles and kriffing miles on Jakku and that kiss is like your whole body has fallen into the freshest, clearest, most amazing river of water and it’s all yours to drink as much as you want. Always.” “Really man?” “Really. Besides,” Poe sighed, dreaming of your lips, “I’m sure you’ll find out soon enough.” It was quiet for a long time between them, Poe, lying on his back looking at the ceiling picturing your lips on his and then on Finn’s while Finn thought of your lips and of them on Poe’s. The silence was broken as you entered room, wet hair covered in a towel, the short robe you had on exposing most of your legs up to your thick, soft thighs. You were surprised by the silence in the room and secondly by the faraway look in the two pair of eyes that watched you enter the room. “What are you two idiots up to?” you smirked, plopping yourself on the bed by Finn’s feet. You shrieked as Poe grasped you from behind, pecking a smattering of kisses along your neck and cheeks as you swatted him away. With a grin, Poe winked at Finn. The young man gulped in response. Soon, Poe thought, was not long to wait at all. Notes: This is completely unbeta'd at the moment so if there were any mistakes, I'm soooooooooooooo sorry. I'm supposed to be in bed at the moment. I have work in the morning. Boo. Also, I might change the rating of the story depending on how graphic this turns out. Truthfully, I have no idea what I'm doing hahaha