Matt loves Techie’s long red hair. It’s an unusual colour, a real golden red, like copper or like some suns look over the rims of planets as they set. Matt has been suited up and on the skin of the Finalizer, adjusting radar mounts, when comets have burned past, their plumes fiery red like that. But most of all, Techie’s long coppery hair makes Matt think of the little animals and trees Techie makes out of wire, and of a single bright orange flower growing in the middle of a blackened, lumpy field where a planetside radar relay unit had blown up and destroyed the whole relay station hut. In the weeks it had taken to send an investigative team – Matt had been sent to test the temporary relay erected until the whole array could be rebuilt – this little flower had taken root. Matt’s so tall that he can stand straight up and if Techie is anywhere within his line of sight, Matt will find him. It doesn’t matter how many people are in the room or how hidden Techie is – and he can squirrel himself away into tiny places – if there is a strand of that beautiful red hair to be seen in the sea of grey corridors and drab uniforms, Matt will see it. And if Matt’s been feeling a bit low or a bit awkward or a bit sad and he can see Techie, he will feel that everything’s good with the world, and get back to work. Techie loves Matt’s short mess of yellow-blond hair. He thinks it looks like gold, only more interesting. It won’t every stay neat because Matt’s always scrubbing his fingers through the strands, when he’s thinking or working out how to fix something. He bites his lower lip as well, and shoves his big hand into his hair and he rubs like it’ll make his brain work faster. Techie knows Matt’s brain works just fine, no matter what some shavits say about it. Matt’s careful , is all, and doesn’t like to rush. And Techie thinks Matt’s shock of hair, which bears the signs of Matt’s careful thinking, is beautiful. Wherever Techie is, he can look about and if Matt’s nearby, Techie will see him. Tall and big and kind of golden with his glasses and his hair. He’s like a torch, Techie thinks, all topped with light. He always makes Techie think of that tree they climbed when they were on leave once, and the trunk went up and up and up, and the branches wide, and he could see the yellow sun shining down through green leaves. Steady and true and kind, it was. If Techie is feeling a bit lonely, when he feels all the space around him (which still feels strange after growing up in that teeming city) he looks for Matt. When he sees that dishevelled golden yellow crown above all the others, Techie doesn’t feel lonely at all. Notes: I made a wee image on Enlight for this fic: Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the Techienician: Botanical Love series Next Work →