Foreword They link arms, drudging through the crowds with a grace ballasted by their own starry-spaced infatuation, locked in a heart-humming capsule. All around there is thundering diaspora, arbitrary freckles of life, spinning on their heels, crashing and circling around them like constellations, ordinary people star-crossed, trapped with little gravity to change course, they all spacemen with big, jigsaw-shaped ships that they all named existence. She is a daystar among the slime. Ben thinks that is a corny thing to admit, even privately within his mind. But he see’s her, with no-orbit hula-hoop reigning her in, sun-soaked and joy proud. She is sucking him into the warm shallows, with her flushed skin and dimpled smile, the back tail of her skirt blowing kisses, sweet peeks of her strawberry scar appearing on her right thigh when the warm wind breezes by. She must be shy of that part of her skin, just as he is fearful of the jungle-vine scars on his arms. A flurry of balloons escape, spinning shapes and colors over the crowds. He sees that Rey is transfixed by this, and thus so is he. She loosens from him, her hand sliding down his arm as her eyes reach out to absorb the sight of the traveling balloons. It is a natural reaction, like the vice-snap of a magnet to its counterpart. He can feel a foam at the back of his eyes, warm and lumen, as his hand catches her own soft, incredibly softer fingers. He doesn’t want her to float off, to be adrift with lightly, sylph-like disasters that are so her. The chaos of balloons releasing so, so, so much like her, that he knows that if he lets go, she will too disappear into the high blue of the skyline, like a child’s dream or a bird’s moment. He is holding her hand. Ben forgets if this is appropriate for the first date, forgets the mannerisms of courtship that stupid fact and figures try to nail into his brain. He is helplessly lodged here, between abortion or parasite. She is the only firmness he has known for a while and that frightens him. How was he to know that such people existed, people with such fierce wonder and bliss, that anyone could persuade him into dancing at the ballroom of joviality? She is the taste, the tippy essence of having pride back in life, stuffing his stitched insides back into a mold of ordinary. He pulls her back and is itching to release her hand, her flesh hot as a silver laid out for the sun. But he thinks in a wet, bolt-clashing storm, rain of calm seeping on the wildfire of his insecurities. The word occurs to him, rearing its ugly head on a roundabout, blowing raspberries. Rehabilitation. Rehabilitation. Rehabilitation. The broken record plays on, it must be his permanent ode on repeat, black marker filling in the whites of his eyes. He wants this. This pain and satisfaction of walking on hot coals, for if he slips, he will be cremated on a pyre. Ben thinks of falling in love and correlates it to the lottery, inching desert road on empty in a convertible, the top off, bleaching until combusting into flame. Ben likes to think of launching a rocket into space with the windows rolled down. He is not one to see the odds in the dice, but he can’t but help venture the chances and mathematical variables of perusing a relationship. The children end up fatherless by the time he lists off his juvenile delinquency records, A-Z from spray paint to shoot up to fuck up. How piggishly royal of him to think of parenthood, as if such a thing could befit him, it would be like wiggling into cilice skinny jeans. His kids could connect the dots between his pseudoaneurysms, or use his rubber-made tourniquets for their piggy tails. He could pay for their university shooting the teller behind the ear. He can spoil Rey of her brightness, like water leaking behind the wallpaper. He could create a dystopia from between her legs and she would love him no less for it. His head is on fire now, retracing his fuckery, his flesh-enticed failing that landed him here, holding her, this fucking too-perfect human. This spotlight illuminating all the crevices of his darkness, the slough of cockroaches scattering from his bedsheets. Rey has retracted from the bustling crowd, collecting back against his side. Her hand is still, still in his. He recites numbers, any digit he can muster into numerical order, counting back or forwards, breathing through his mental push ups, her hand now a spider with legs creeping and fangs dragging along his knuckles. Can sunlight feel the existence of darkness or does it just obliterate on an unending journey across the galaxy? Ben thinks that if he looks to their hands intertwined, his skin would be glowing rose like a hand clutching a flashlight. Ben’s free hand is binary in principal, to make a fist or not to, he practices when she isn’t looking. His life is shaped in two, left or right, light or dark, right from wrong. He sees the forked choice here, Rey or his masochistic abode? His decision is swept up from him, when Rey with her eyes sparkling like dewed green on a morning tree, squeezes his straining hand in reassurance, and tells an off-colored joke that makes him laugh. He just knew she could patch a gunshot wound with a wisecrack. There is a hole in his head that she could sweetly fuck. Rey, an urban fairy, a junkyard nymphet with powers to invoke men into her waters. She could piece back this broken vase inside his chest with only her chewing gum. Ben considers it, that if he stays near her, he could heal and if not that, she would be a nice, warm place to rest before walking back into the pig-packing plant. He wonders if Rey is thinking the same thing. Picturing him as a project, a gordian knot with a million variables to unkink and riddle. He hardly thinks that she pictures him in a romantic sense anymore, his quick-dry charm of their first encounter may have already dried into a gangrenous rash. Rey isn’t one to give up on her work. He can see it in her little flowers, her little joyful undertakings that have blossomed from her toil. But has she ever tangled with something poisonous like him? Notes: This is just a foreword to the eventual story I'll post. Maybe... Leave a comment if you would like to see more. I have upped the rating for future chapters, and I have refurbished the summary since the first upload.