Hux stood absolutely still as the maniacs around him laughed and shot killing curses left and right. He stood still not because he was scared to get hit, but because if he moved then they would expect him to join in what they defined as fun. None of this was fun. It was horrifying and disgusting and savage. Screams from the dungeon pulled him out of his daze and he knew that meant that they were choosing their next victim. They always screamed, Hux noticed. Maybe they thought that someone would help them. He drew in a big breath. He would have helped them if it wouldn’t have ended up with all of them dead. Hux’s father came up with a young man. He might have known him from school, but he couldn’t remember. He had long black hair and a scar across his face. Probably from trying to resist. He wished he could remember this man. The man looked at him with wide eyes. Lord Voldemort turned toward Hux. “He knows you, my boy.” Hux looked at Voldemort. “I do not know him, My Lord.” Voldemort looked hard at Hux before a creepy grin appeared across his face. “If you do not know this man, my boy, then you will have no problem disposing of him.” Hux’s father stood with pride, holding the young man tight despite the fact that the man did not make a move to flee. “Go on, son.” He pulled his wand from his robe pocket and pointed it at the man. He tried to still his shaking hand and counted to ten in his mind. He had to do this. Hux had to take this man’s life if only to save the life of his mother. His sick mother. He had to do this for her. The man who went to school with him, who looked dreadfully familiar muttered something that sounded awfully similar to his name. His eyes never left Hux’s. With another deep breath, Hux uttered the words that sent chills through every part of his body. “Avada Kedavra!” The man became limp in his father’s arms and his eyes were cold and empty. Hux slowly put his arm down. Voldemort laughed. “Good job, my boy.” “Your mother would be proud.” His father said. Hux shot up from bed. His body was shaking and he was sweating, which was normal. Ben was still asleep next to him, snoring slightly. Hux hated waking him, but he couldn’t help it. He placed his hand on Ben’s shoulder and pushed him slightly. His voice was shaky as he whispered, “Ben.” Ben mumbled something that Hux couldn’t understand, but didn’t wake up. Hux shook him. “Ben, please .” He woke up this time. He sat up and immediately Hux leaned into him, if only to feel his heart beating and the warmth of his skin. Ben pulled him close. “Nightmare?” Hux could only nod. Before the war, it was odd for Hux to find comfort in Ben or anyone, really. It was the way he was raised and there were more important things than touch and love. He had school and obligations. When he met Ben, obligations flew out the window. He learned that he didn’t care for obligations if it meant that he’d have to give up Ben. When he realized that he loved Ben, it still didn’t change the fact that school was a priority. He’d get his spot as Head Boy before he let Ben become his top priority. It changed when Voldemort came back. Ben and his safety became the only thing Hux could think about. School became a mute point when Voldemort waged his war on muggle-born witches and wizards and on, of course, the one person who could kill him, though no one knew who that person was. Hux forced himself to forget Ben with the help of a memory charm, one that would prove impossible to reverse. Voldemort moved into his father’s manor and Hux was forced to see and do things that will forever haunt him for the rest of his life. When the war was over, Ben found his way back to him. He explained it all and had proof in the form of Hux’s own writing explaining what he did. Hux was inclined to believe him. That was when Hux realized how much he needed Ben. How he could have lost this man and never cared because he would have meant nothing to Hux. It was hard for him. Seeing his face, knowing their history and not being able to remember a single thing. Not being able to remember how they first met or their first kiss. Not being able to remember why holding Ben’s hand was still a big deal to the other man. And the nightmares Hux had, they did not help. They added to the stress and despair Hux felt. He knew the war was over and the wizarding world was free of Lord Voldemort, but his mind wasn’t. He was stuck reliving moments and twisting the reality into the most horrible situations for the rest of his life. And killing Ben had to be the worst of them. The way his father always smiled like Hux had finally done something worth him being proud. The way his father always said, “Your mother will be proud.” It crushed his chest in and made it hard to breath. He was brought back to reality by Ben running his fingers through his hair, muttering soft nothings. His hands were still shaking as they clung around Ben’s waist. At least his body was starting to cool down. The hammering in his chest, though, he knew wouldn’t stop for a while. “Take deep breaths, Hux.” Ben said softly. He tried not to wince as he took a deep breath, then let it out. He continued this a few more times. “You’ll be alright.” Hux just continued breathing in and out, in and out, in and out until his lungs were tired. He didn’t want to go back to sleep, though. He couldn’t face that again. “Ben…” His voice was still shaky. Ben kissed his forehead, but didn’t move. His lips fluttered against his skin as he spoke. “Yeah?” “I dreamt that I killed you again.” Ben sighed and pulled Hux even closer to him. “I’m sorry.” Hux knew that’s all Ben could really say, but it was alright. Him being here, alive and with him was enough. “I hate…. I just hate seeing him there, too.” Ben hummed. “Your father or Voldemort?” Hux shivered. He had been talking about Voldemort, but seeing his father made him ill. He’d been killed during the battle, Hux had watched him die and had done nothing to save him. It was difficult for Hux to feel guilty for that. “Voldemort. I can’t ever escape him. Everyone can grow and eventually forget and …. I’m stuck with these nightmares and memories. The wrong ones.” He felt a tear slip down his cheek and create a wet spot on Ben’s shirt. Ben whispered. “We don’t have to talk about that if you don’t want to.” Hux only shrugged. Everything was horrible with or without pointing out that Hux didn’t have memories of Ben before the war. He didn’t have anyone but himself to blame, though. Hux had made this decision knowing the consequences. He took another shaky breath as he pulled away from Ben to get a better look at him. Ben’s hand wrapped around Hux’s to keep the contact. Hux was grateful. He felt more tears slip from his eyes and he had to come to terms with the fact that this was one of his crying nights. “I just want to forget it all. I want one night of sleep where I don’t wake up like this.” Ben started massaging little circles on the back of his hand. “I know.” “Every night I’m forced to relive a memory or come up with new, twisted versions of that memory. Every night I’m forced to look him in the eyes and kill some new person.” He tried to keep himself from hiccupping in between words with little success. “And I have to see the smug look on my father’s face while I do it. I have to know that the only time the bastard was proud of me was when I hurt people.” Hux looked at Ben. He knew what Hux had to do while he lived with Voldemort. It was no secret between the two of them, but he also knew what it did to Hux. How sick it made him some nights. Ben would stay up with him, rubbing circles into the small of his back while he was hunched over the toilet or pressing a warm towel over Hux’s head when he had night sweats. It was all Ben could do for him. “Hux, you know I wish I could have taken you with me.” Ben said, resigned. “I know.” Hux whispered. “But then we wouldn’t be here, would we?” “Maybe not.” Hux wiped his tears and got up from the bed. “I think I need a bath, sit with me in the lavatory?” Ben nodded and followed him. *** The blood on the floor was staggering. Hux’s father liked it when the blood drained from their bodies, though normally it was a simple curse and a limp body to the ground. Rarely did his father choose to indulge himself. Even more rare was it for him to invite his son. “Feel the texture, Armitage. Feel how dirty it is.” Brendol smiled. “Dirty blood on the ground where it belongs. Muddy creatures. I can’t wait for the world to be cleansed of them.” Hux hummed because he had nothing to say to that. “Armitage, look around. Everything will soon be ours. No more mudbloods in school, no more dirty parasites destroying our community.” Brendol walked up to his son, somehow not slipping on the slick floor. He grabbed Hux’s face with his bloodied hands, one on each of his cheeks. “This would have been a world your mother would want to live in. You’ll see.” Hux stood absolutely still. “Of course, father.” The creepy smile grew. “I’m proud of you, son. I didn’t think you’d have it in you, but you have proved me wrong. You’re ready, I think.” Hux didn’t allow himself to flinch. “I am?” “You are. I will speak to the Dark Lord immediately and see to it that you get your Mark as soon as possible.” Brendol patted his cheek and moved back. “I am sure that they will make you a priority.” His father took a look at the floor and Hux’s state. “Go to the dungeon and pick out a Muddy to clean up this mess and then see to it that you bathe yourself.” Then he left. Hux walked down to the dungeons and immediately one of the lower ranked Death Eaters opened the cell door. “Give me someone who is strong enough to clean, but not strong enough to run.” In the end they brought out a small girl. She couldn’t have been more than thirteen. Hux grabbed her by the arm and pulled her out of the dungeons. He purposefully ignored the wailing of the girl’s mother and the young girl’s sobs. “I won’t hurt you.” Hux said under his breath. “If you run, they will kill you. Do as I say and you’ll get to go back to your mum. You understand?” The girl nodded. When they got back to the room, Hux gave the girl a bucket of water and a rag. “Clean as best as you can.” The girl fell to her knees, which looked about ready to give out anyway. Hux winced, but allowed her to wipe away the blood with extremely shaky hands. For all Hux knew, this could have been the blood of her father. Hux wished it was the blood of his. It took the girl too long to clean the mess so Hux pulled out his wand to clean the rest of it. The girl caught sight of it and whimpered, crawling away and into a corner. He simply swished his wand and the mess disappeared. Stiffly, he said, “Come on. Let’s get you back.” “This is not what was asked of you, boy.” A cold voice came from Draco’s side. “The girl was to clean it all, was she not?” Hux felt his body grow cold. “Yes, My Lord. The girl was simply taking to long and tried my patience.” Lord Voldemort seemed to almost float in. “The girl does seem useless. Worthless, do you not agree?” “I do, My Lord.” Hux managed to say. “Then we ought to teach her to be useful.” Voldemort held out his wand and yelled, “Crucio!” Hux desperately tried to shut out the shriek that came from the girl’s mouth, but failed. He seemed to have lost control over his own body. “Do you think she’s learned her lesson?” Lord Voldemort contemplated. “No. She is still laying there, useless.” He walked toward the girl, who was now laying on the ground whimpering. He kneeled down. “Come here, my boy.” Hux’s feet seemed to have a mind of their own as he walked to them. Voldemort raised himself to be level with Hux. “Kill the girl and then prepare yourself for your Dark Mark.” He pulled his wand from it’s holster and pointed it down at the girl. She was crying for her mother and maybe, he thought, she was praying. Hux’s fingers tightened around the wand as he muttered the words that would forever haunt him. “Your father was right, you are ready.” Hux woke up and immediately ran to the lavatory. He emptied the contents of his stomach and sobbed as he rested his head against the toilet bowl. He hadn’t noticed that Ben had woken up until he felt his hands brushing his hair back. He whimpered and leaned into his touch. “Ben.” “I’m here, I’m here.” He said, over and over again as Hux continued to vomit. Eventually he heaved and nothing came up. His throat felt like sand paper and his chest felt like it had a weight sitting on it. Ben helped clean Hux’s face with a wet face towel. He felt weak and wanted nothing more than to just stop feeling anything at all. He simply let Ben do what he wanted to do. “Hux?” Hux blinked up at Ben. The pressure in his chest lightened. “Ben.” “Can you get up?” He asked. Hux hated the worried look on Ben’s face. He didn’t deserve it. “Babe?” Hux shook his head. He couldn’t move even if he wanted to and he didn’t want to. Ben didn’t care how Hux felt, though and moved to sit him up against the tub. He handed Hux another wet towel. “Hold this.” Hux managed to do that. Ben sat next to him with some mouthwash and a cup. “Rinse your mouth with that and then spit, it’ll make you feel better.” He did as he was told and felt better for it. At least now his breath didn’t taste completely of sick. “I’m sorry.” Ben smiled softly. “You don’t have to be sorry.” “I do, I have to be sorry.” Hux mumbled. “I have a lot to be sorry for.” “I know, but not with me.” He said and placed a kiss on Hux’s forehead. He had to admit that they were his favorite type of kisses. “Never with me.” “I dreamt of her again. The little girl.” Hux looked down at his arm, the Dark Mark stark against his pale skin. “It’s almost as if it happened again, how real it was.” Ben’s smile fell. He knew what Hux had done, how it ate him alive and threatened to ruin him every single day. “The same exact dream?” “It always is.” Hux put his fingers over the Mark. “I had told her I wouldn’t hurt her.” Ben pulled Hux’s hand away from his arm and laced their fingers. “You didn’t have a choice.” “Neither did she. They were treated like animals, Ben.” Hux whimpered. He was crying, again. “Kept in cages until we wanted them to amuse us. Killed for fun.” “You weren’t like them.” “I acted like it.” Hux choked out. “You had to. You’d be dead if you didn’t.” Ben said, his grip on Hux’s hand tightening slightly. “I would, but it would have been preferable to this pain.” Ben didn’t have an answer to that. Hux lay his head against Ben’s shoulder. “I love you.” Hux glanced up at his boyfriend. Ben repeated it. “ I love you .” It should have been weird to say considering they were on the floor of their lavatory and Hux had just vomited everything he’d eaten for the past week, but it wasn’t. It was said at the precise time when Hux needed it the most. “I know.” Hux nuzzled his head into Ben’s shoulder. “I love you, too.” They sat like that, occasionally separating so Hux could heave into the toilet bowl. Ben would simply rub his back and murmur positive things that only made Hux cry more. After Hux gained a bit more energy, Ben helped him get back into bed. He held Hux close against his chest as Hux cried. Cried for the girl. Cried for everyone like her. And cried for himself. “I’m tired, Ben.” He said, though his voice was hoarse and it sounded just above a whisper. Ben pulled him closer and kissed his head. “I know. I’m sorry.” Hux knew Ben was crying, too. He hated himself for making him cry. “Never leave me.” At this point, Hux didn’t care about how desperate he sounded. He needed the conformation that Ben would never leave his side again. “Never. As long as you want me here, I’ll be stuck to you.” Hux looked up at him and for the second time that night, Hux said, “I love you.” In lieu of answering, Ben kissed Hux so soft that it felt like he was floating on a cloud. Hux kissed back with as much strength as he could muster. Ben smiled against his lips. “Romantic.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Always.” “I love you, too, Hux.” Notes: tw: death of a child through killing curse