Nobody Important It had happened so quickly. This place was different. The people were different. The smells, the furniture… You had just finished moving your things into your quarters. When Starkiller was destroyed, you only had a couple minutes to get a few things before you were escorted off of the planet with others. Your new quarters were bigger, but maybe that was because of your lack of things. Everything else got destroyed. What a perfect metaphor for my whole life There had been a talk from General Hux with all of the employees on the new base. Many had not survived. The ones that had were given a raise. You didn’t want money. You wanted silence. Alone time. Time to stop thinking about how you could have died if they would have forgotten about you. Everyone forgets about me. Why did they remember me ? Your first week at work was mundane, boring. But that’s how you liked it. It was the same job you’d had on Starkiller, just with a handful of new people. You were reliable; your superiors liked you because of that. Never asking questions. Frankly, you didn’t ask questions because you didn’t know what your job was. You watched the computer screen, made a few corrections here and there, and that was it. You often went back to your room with a headache. It was what you were trained to do. When the war ripped apart your home planet the day of your University graduation, it was the First Order that took you. Had it been the Resistance that took you, you would currently be on a Resistance base. But they didn’t. You didn’t take sides in the war, but the second the First Order pushed you onto a shuttle, you had a side picked for you. They trained you to monitor ships leaving and entering the base, basically an air traffic controller. You didn’t hate your job, but you liked it because it was a routine. New things usually gave you anxiety, but this job was the same thing every day, and talking to others was discouraged. There were no pressures for attachments. The last time I made attachments, they abandoned me anyways. The first time you ate lunch in the cafeteria, you passed out. The constant chatter, pressure to be around so many people, and make split decisions concerning what food you wanted had been too much. Your brain had simply overloaded, your heart beating in your throat and your breath coming in quick, short bursts. You passed out on the floor of the cafeteria. At first, nobody had noticed. Then, a few officers ran to your side, making sure you were okay. You were taken to the med bay where you woke up in the middle of the night, gasping. You knew what happened and you were embarrassed. You hated having to deal with your anxiety, and passing out because of it made you feel so childish, so unstable. But the nurses had been understanding, and had told you to meet with the psychologist on the base as soon as possible. So you made an appointment the next morning, and met with the therapist for the first time the following day. His office was small and cozy, with a wall of glass, facing out to the snowy tundra. There were medical books lining each wall, and his desk sat in a corner, facing you. He wore a First Order-issued uniform, often seen on those who worked on the on-base laboratories. He had grey-brown hair, a short beard, and bright blue eyes. He’d asked you who you were ( I’m Y/n L/n, nobody important), your age (26), where you went to University (Doesn’t matter, it was destroyed years ago), what your degree was in (History), and how you were liking the new base (It’s fine. It gives me anxiety, but so does everything else.) The meeting was short, and he asked you to see him again the following week to talk more about your anxiety. But you would be seeing him much sooner. The second day of work, you had passed out at lunch again. You were even more furious with yourself than the first time. You thought you had it under control. But you were just a stupid baby who didn’t know how to be a normal human being and control their emotions. The second you woke up in the med bay, you ripped off your covers, put on your clothes at the foot of your bed, and ran to your room where your lay slumped in bed, crying. Chapter 2 : Reassigned Summary: You receive news concerning your job, and an offer you can't refuse. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Y/n…” It was the second time you had been to the on-base psychologist this week. On base, you thought, what is this place even called? After Starkiller base had been destroyed, you and all of the other employees had been moved to another planet. It was no Starkiller; it was not weaponized and it was smaller, but it was still an icy planet and you were still in the middle of nowhere. It was still new. You called it Starkiller Two. It wasn’t your idea to come to the psychologist. One of your superiors had recommended it. You hated talking to someone you didn’t even know about your problems. You hated talking about yourself in general, let alone your problems. You could deal with them yourself. You didn’t need somebody constantly watching or checking up on you. You were fine. “Y/n?” Why am I even here? I can deal with my problems myself. I’m fine. You’d had another anxiety attack in the cafeteria. Everything was still new to you. You loved change, you just didn’t adapt to it very well “Y/n, tell me why you passed out?” You snapped back into focus. “I was getting food and I couldn’t find a seat. It’s really important to me that I have a seat,” you started, grumbling. You hated talking about your feelings, but you were damn good at it. “On Starkiller, it was easier. I would walk into the cafeteria, and everyone would sit in the same place. So I would always have a seat. Left corner of the room, by the windows…nobody bothered me there. I would look out the window while I ate.” The psychologist took note of this in a datapad, then commented, “So it’s important to you that you know what you’re doing before you do it?” “Obviously!” You were tired of this. Tired of explaining your anxiety to other people, to authority figures. Nobody understood. “So that’s why you passed out?” You sighed, dropping your head in your hands. “I had an anxiety attack. I walked in and it wasn’t the same as Starkiller. The windows are smaller and they’re on the other side of the room. There aren’t as many tables. There were stormtroopers everywhere,” you looked down at your sweaty hands in your lap, “I started breathing really fast, and I could feel my heart in my throat. Then everything went dark. That’s all I remember…” Your voice had trailed off and you looked up at the psychologist. “Y/n, have you had a history of anxiety issues?,” he asked, then, “On Starkiller base, you never came to see me. Why is that?” “Well, I was used to routine, I guess,” You said, your eyes glancing at his greying-brown hair and blue eyes, then back down at your hands, “Sure, when I first got the job, I had anxiety. But then I got used to the routine, the plan, and I was fine. But…now everything is different. I don’t know anybody in my job. Some people that I worked next to every day were killed…,” You felt your hands beginning to shake, “It’s all new…” The psychologist nodded, noticing your anger. “Y/n, you’re not the first person to come to me with these problems. You would be surprised how many people are having problems since the destruction of Starkiller base,” he paused, making notes in his datapad, “I want you to be reassigned. You head snapped up from gazing at your hands, “Reassigned?!” It’s not like you didn’t enjoy your job. You were sitting at a computer all day, monitoring the base. You were alone. “Doctor, I-,” you stopped, not sure of what to say, “I like my job. Its easy, mundane, a routine. It’s the only thing that doesn’t give me anxiety. I don’t have to talk to anyone. There’s no pressure to make friends. I like it.” Why were you being reassigned? Had someone complained? Had you been replaced? But the doctor shook his head, “It’s my understanding that you studied history at University. Until now, you haven’t been able to put your degree to use. But something has come up…” Your face scrunched into a confused expression. What was he talking about? What did the First Order need with a historian? Sure, you hadn’t put your degree to use, but that was because nobody had use for it. This is a time of war, you thought, nobody needs a historian. As ambiguous as the offer was, you couldn’t help being excited. History was one of the few things you understood. It made sense to you. You shook your head wildly, “Doctor, I’m really flattered. But what does the First Order need with an historian?” The Doctor set his datapad down on his lap, looking at you in earnest. The vulnerability of his gaze set you aback. “Y/n, are you aware of the legends of the Jedi and the Sith?” You nodded your head in reply and he continued, “There are…rumors of the return of the Jedi. The last Jedi. First Order archeologists have recently discovered some very old tablets that may help shed some light on the Jedi. If we uncover those secrets…the First Order could, for the first time, be one step ahead of the Resistance. The First Order has been interviewing potential candidates for months now, and has just recently started looking into employee records. You’re the most qualified person for the job.” You stared at the Doctor. He looked at you as if he was begging you to say yes. Then you realized something. Your life, the life of the Doctor, and possibly many other lives on the base depended on this work. The answers you could find in studying these artifacts could possibility prevent from happening here what happened on Starkiller base. Could prevent so many unnecessary deaths. One step ahead of the Resistance…. “Will I be working with a team?” You asked. The Doctor shook his head, “It’s only you. You will be your own department, reporting straight to General Hux,” then, “But if you take the job, I want you to make progress in the cafeteria: Sit down. Eat. You will be okay. See me when you need to.” You nodded, mulling it over in your head. What else did you have to do? Stay at your boring computer job monitoring blips on a screen? Or do something you enjoy, while making a difference? The anxiety I can deal with. I need to do this. “I’ll do it.” After your meeting with the therapist, you went back to your room. You still couldn’t quite figure out why you had been the one picked for this job. You were nothing special. Your professors, University friends, and parents had made you sure of that your whole life. You were nothing. You threw a pillow across the room where it hit a chair, knocking it to the floor. Why me? Notes: here is the second chapter! stuff is really starting to happen now! my update schedule will probably be mondays and fridays, unless stated otherwise. the first couple chapters are short, but i promise they get longer as the story progresses. i also just updated this one a day early because i couldnt wait to get this moving! next week my posting schedule will return to normal. i hope you enjoyed this chapter! comments are, as always, very much appreciated :) Chapter 3 : I Will Not Let You Down Summary: You come close to meeting somebody you had only heard rumors about. General Hux explains exactly what it is you will be doing for the First Order. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Although you had been reassigned, you still had to go to your last day at work. It was as if your superiors and other employees already knew you had been hired somewhere else. Many of them avoided your gaze, others scowled when you made eye contact at all. You couldn't blame them; the whole day, you had been doing your job half-heartedly, not caring about anything. Although anxious, you were ready to start your new job. You'd had a restless night of sleep, and just wanted to go home and lie down and think about your decision. You took the rest of the day off ( they wouldn’t miss me anyways ), and skipped breakfast and lunch in favor of going to your room and crawling under the covers. But when you had returned to your room, you’d already found a message on your datapad from the General. “Congratulations, Y/n L/n. Your job will be incredibly important to the First Order, possibly more important than your most recent occupation,“ You snorted at this part- wasn’t staring at a computer screen all day important work? “You will be translating, studying, and researching artifacts that First Order archeologists have discovered over the years. Until now, until the return of the last Jedi, we have not had use for them. But now that the Resistance has given aide to and is in support of two Jedi, we need the information on these artifacts more than ever. You will report to me tomorrow at 0700, in room 300. I hope you find this laboratory to your satisfaction. I look forward to meeting you. General Armitage Hux.” You, of course, knew all about the Jedi and the Sith. You were a history major after all. You’d even had a class that focused on Jedi and Sith art, created mostly during the Clone Wars. You'd found it all extremely interesting. Translating? Studying? Researching? Finally putting my skills to good use… You placed the datapad on the table in your kitchen, your stomach grumbling. You hadn’t realized how long you had been laying in bed. It was already nearing nighttime and you were still hungry. You’d figured after you’d showered and changed into your sleeping clothes, you would head to the cafeteria for a late dinner. Me, a translator for the First Order, you thought, I can’t believe they picked me. My transcripts from University must be pretty impressive for them to pick me. I hope my first day goes okay…what if General Hux doesn’t like me? What if I can’t do what they hired me to do? What if I don’t make enough money to sustain life on the base? You shook your head in the shower, letting the hot water drench you. You’d always liked the shower too hot. All too often you went through your day on autopilot, not feeling much. The shower helped you feel something. I’ll be fine. I just need to stop worrying. They picked me because I impressed them. It will be okay. You were too excited for the next day to worry at all about the cafeteria. Stepping out of the shower and drying off, you glanced at yourself in the mirror. You couldn’t remember the last time you saw yourself truly smile, and now you couldn’t get the smile off your face. You ran your hands through your short hair and quickly put moisturizer on your face. Your stomach was grumbling when you changed into your sleep clothes: black shorts and a black t-shirt. Your friends at University had always made fun of you for only wearing black, but it just made sense to you. It made getting ready so much easier. Slipping on socks and comfy shoes, you made your way out of your room and to the cafeteria. It was late, so there weren’t many people wandering the halls. A few groups of stormtroopers on patrol passed you, and an engineer beginning third shift, but the workday was over for many. When you stepped into the cafeteria, you were pleased to see that it was mostly empty. Because of the time, you were one of the only few people in the large room. There were a few bridge officers talking and laughing in one of the corners, and that was all. You breathed a sign of relief. I can sit anywhere I want. You grabbed a tray and began getting yourself food. You hated the cafeteria because it was almost always the bane of your anxiety, but you sure loved the food. There were always many options and you never left hungry. Once you had a full tray, you walked to a table by one of the large windows, and sat down. You never understood quite why you liked looking outside so much. As a child, on trips you would always stare outside while your parents drove the speeder. Before they split, you reminded yourself. You couldn’t even think of a happy memory from when you were a child. You were only ever happy when staring outside at the passing scenery. It was comfortable, you could lose yourself in it, and for a while, nothing mattered. Not my dad cheating on my mom, not my mom constantly arguing with him over their comms… you remembered, stabbing your food angrily with a fork. You jumped back to your senses to the sound of chairs scratching against the floor. You looked to the side where the officers had been sitting, to see them scrambling to leave the cafeteria. You couldn’t find the reason why until a large, dark mass entered the room. You had never seen him before. You’d only heard stories. Bad ones. He seemed to not notice you as he crossed the floor with long strides, before sitting down at a table in the middle of the cafeteria. Isn’t he going to get food? You thought before realizing that he probably got his food delivered to him. It was a busy job, being Commander of the First Order, and he probably didn’t have time to fraternize. Does he have friends? You felt a pang of sadness when you realized that he probably didn’t. Everyone was too busy being intimidated and running away or getting on his good side to try to be a friend. But I’m not going to be the first person. You weren’t going to allow yourself to be intimidated by him. There were rumors; sure, that he was some kind of monster underneath all of the black and the mask. But you thought otherwise. He must come here at this time for solace because he knows there’s nobody else here. Why doesn’t he just stay in his room? Maybe he likes the view… At that, you returned to staring outside. Snow was gently falling onto the dark ground, grey clouds moving in the sky. When you turned back around to look for the Commander, he was gone. - Your first day of work began on time, at 0700. You’d never met General Hux, but you had seen him around the base several times, always with an angry expression, and walking so fast he was almost at a jog. Today was no different. Though he was kind to you, you could sense that he had other, more important places to be. You tried to be as courteous as possible, but you knew he just wanted to get the introductions over with. “I’m General Hux, and I will be overseeing your work. That does not mean that I will be here to babysit you, I have it on high regard that you work very well by yourself.” He looked straight through you, and you nodded. “Good,” he continued, “This is where you will be working. The artifacts can be found in that cabinet, there is a microscope, datapad, and several computers. I trust that everything is adequate.” He stopped and gave you time to explore the room. It was small, and not as laboratory-like as you’d expected. For that, you were thankful. It was cozy, with a large window and several desks. The walls were lined with large cabinets, where you assumed the artifacts were. Many large computers accompanied the room. All in all, it wasn’t much larger than your personal room on the base. The General had also laid out on a desk a week’s worth of work uniforms, similar to the one your therapist wore. “It’s great, General,” you said, “Thank you for allowing me to do this, I promise I will not let you down.” “I assume you will be wanting to know why you are here.” He seemed exhausted at the idea of explaining your job to you. However, you had been curious about the job since it had been offered to you. You understood the gist of it, but not why you were doing it. General Hux must’ve taken your silence as an answer, and continued, “The Jedi are ancient. We believed for a long time that they were extinct. For years, since the Death Star, many of us never thought we would hear about the Jedi or the Force again. But then…one came back. Luke Skywalker. I have no doubt you have heard of him. He had returned from exile and began training new force-sensitive students. Unfortunately, he disappeared again…this was over ten years ago, Y/n. Many thought him to be dead. But last year…last year he returned. And now he has a student. The scavenger from Jakku. She is force-sensitive, and we believe Skywalker to be training her as we speak in the ways of the Force. To become a Jedi.” He paused, allowing you to take all of this in. Staring at you with narrowed eyes, he was waiting for your approval to continue. So the rumors are true. The Jedi have returned. Then that must mean…the rumors about Commander Ren... “The Commander…” General Hux cut you off, “Yes. He was one of Skywalker’s students. Trained in the force. He battled the scavenger months ago before she returned to Luke Skywalker. Y/n, do you understand now why your work is so important?” You nodded, yet you didn’t quite understand. You had heard rumors that the Commander was a force-user, but nobody used the word Jedi. You knew, of course, that he had a lightsaber. Red and wild, shaped like a sword. Yet you had never seen it. You had only ever seen what it had done, after one of his outbursts. “Y/n, your work here is important because we are not only fighting the Resistance, but also the Light Side of the Force. The Jedi. We need all of the information we can get on the Jedi, including this ancient information our archeologists have found. This information that you find…well, it could help save thousands of lives from another Resistance attack,” Hux paused, “The Commander is currently training with his master, just as the Scavenger is with Luke. We have ideas about what he could be teaching her, but we can’t know for sure. What we’re hoping for is information regarding Jedi training in these ancient artifacts.” Fighting the light side of the Force…Luke Skywalker… Hux stared at you impatiently. You felt guilty, because he didn’t need to explain all of these things to you, yet he was. He wanted you to know what you were getting yourself into before you started your work. Commander Ren is a Sith? No, no the Sith was years and years ago…but he’s a dark Force-user then. Fighting the light side of the Force? Does he mean to kill the remaining Jedi? Is that why he wanted so bad to get the girl from Jakku? Commander Ren trained with Luke Skywalker? Why did Luke go into exile? Despite all of your questions about the Commander, you found yourself agreeing with Hux. “I’ll do it,” you said, nodding, “I’ll do it, but I want to be kept in the loop. I want to know how what I find is affecting the First Order’s plan. Or else I stop, and you can find someone else.” Hux seemed exhausted, and reluctantly agreed. “I suppose it’s only fair.” Then he left. And you were alone. Notes: earlyish update for you all since i have class from 8-4 tomorrow and dont wanna forget to post this! short but sweet intro to our favorite darth vader fan! i promise there will be more kylo ren as the story develops :-) reader starts her new job! what will be in store for her? a little about me! im a graphic design and collaborative design student in michigan, and i love movies, books and music, and im currently trying (key word) to teach myself how to code. this is my first time ever writing a fic outside of the shitty ones i wrote when i was 12. i relate a lot to kylo ren as a character, so i wrote this fic to help me understand both him as a character and myself a little better. thanks to everyone for the kudos and comments! they keep me going :) Chapter 4 : More Human Summary: You realize you aren't the only person who has it hard making friends. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As it turned out, work included a lot of note taking, and a lot of being checked up upon by General Hux. He would stop in twice a day, bringing you breakfast and lunch. It was very kind, although you knew he was doing it so that you didn’t miss a minute of work. You’d come to know General Hux well in your first week of work. He would enter your office with a knock, always carrying breakfast for you on a tray, without saying a word to you. He would often glance over your work before his narrowed, bored eyes would return to his datapad and he left the room. The first week went by fast. Then the second was gone before you knew it. By the third week, you knew Hux was getting impatient because you hadn’t found anything. During meals, he would hover over you with his lips pursed into a straight line, his hands lingering on his datapad. You had been studying the same tablet for two weeks, yet it didn’t make any sense. You wanted to tell Hux that, but you didn’t want to get on his bad side. The tablet was written in crude hieroglyphics that you hadn’t seen since University. Even in your studies and enhancement of the images, you couldn’t figure it out. And you knew Hux had a reason to be angry with you. He had hired you to help the First Order, and you weren’t helping. Soon, he started taking his breakfast and lunch with you. You knew him spending meals with you was just another reason to look after you, make sure you were working, but you actually appreciated his company. You didn’t necessarily like the General, but you couldn’t tell him to leave you alone, either. During these mealtimes he would be staring at his datapad, the glow reflecting off of his perfect, orange hair and his pale face. Sometimes you would feel his gaze on you, watching you with his emotionless, empty eyes, but you never looked up. Sometimes, Hux would talk about politics, and you would examine and research the old tablet. He seemed to talk just to fill up the silence; his regal, bored drawl filling the empty space of the room. You barely paid attention; you knew him talking was more for himself than it was for you. Then, he would leave after the meal, and after watching carefully over you, and you would be alone again. You spent dinners by yourself, at 2100 hours. You hadn’t seen Commander Ren since the first time you saw him, so you were always alone. Being alone in the cafeteria had helped with your anxiety. You didn’t dread going to dinners any longer, now that you had a place to sit and a routine to follow. You didn't want to admit it, but you had been thinking about the Commander a lot. Who was he? You had heard rumors that he wasn't even human, but you didn't have the nerve to try to ask him. But you couldn't ignore the fact that you were more than curious about him. So when you were eating dinner and staring outside at the falling snow some time during your third week at work, and the Commander stepped inside the cafeteria, you wanted to say something. You and him were sitting in the same spots that you had been the first time you saw him. He sat with his covered head in his hands, although in pain. You wanted to say something, to help him, but you knew you couldn’t. If there was one thing you had learned about working for the First Order, it was to not approach the Commander. Does he know I’m here? Does he know I’m the one helping him find the Jedi? Admittedly, you had begun learning a lot about the Commander from Hux. Sometimes he would complain about how quiet Kylo Ren was, only speaking when he needed to. Hux also complained about his anger, and how his outbursts were becoming more frequent. When Hux would talk about the Commander, he would roll his eyes and his voice would leak with vitriol. Immediately you got the feeling that he didn’t like the Commander. However, when Hux had strolled into your office with lunch that afternoon, complaining about the Commander’s most recent outburst, you couldn’t help but wonder if it was your fault. “No self control,” Hux had spat, staring angrily down at his datapad, “Two rooms destroyed in one week and I have to be the one to alert the Supreme Leader…” Am I the reason he’s so angry? You thought, remembering Hux talking about it this afternoon, Because I haven’t been finding any information? I’ve been working so hard for the past two weeks to find something, all for him. Yet Hux is the only one I ever see. Granted, he never says thank you…but it would be nice if the person benefitting from what I’m doing would say something. You felt a mix of guilt and anger as you stared at the hooded man. He still sat with his his head in his hands, crouched forward in his seat. You could feel your heart beat faster with anger as you stared at him. How dare he? He had never even met you, yet you were right there. How difficult was it to say thank you? As if he had heard you, the Commander looked your way, his head moving so quickly in your direction you felt as though you had gotten whiplash. And then he just sat there, staring at you through that mask. You froze, your eyes wide. You couldn’t see through his mask, but you knew he was angry. Had he read your thoughts? Could he do that? Was he angry with you? Suddenly, he stood up in one swift move, still looking your way, his robes flowing gently around his body, and his gloved hands clenched in strong fists. Then he turned his head back forward, and walked with large steps out of the cafeteria. You let out a sigh of relief that you didn’t know you had been holding. You felt scared, worried about losing your job. What if he had read your thoughts and had heard what Hux said about him? Or, even worse, had heard you agreeing with Hux? Kylo Ren seemed unbalance, barbaric, and you didn’t want to get to know him better at all. But you weren’t going to be intimidated by a man who was too scared to even show his face. Coward , you thought, getting up from your seat and putting your tray away, Why is everyone so intimidated by somebody who hides behind a mask? But for good measure, you scheduled an appointment with your psychologist the next day. - “How has work been, Y/n?” You sat with your chin in your hand, you other hand in your lap. You shrugged, lazily. “It’s fine. I love the work, I just…I feel like Hux-“ “General Hux.” “Yes, General Hux is mad at me. I’ve been working on this for two and a half weeks and I haven’t found anything. He hired me to do this job because I’m qualified for it, but what if I’m not? What if there’s a reason I’m not finding anything?” Your eyes met the Doctor’s, and he smiled gently. “Y/n, nobody is good at their job in three weeks time. When I got my first job as a therapist, I was always afraid I was misdiagnosing patients. I thought all of my training had gone out of the window. But then I started losing patients. Do you know why that’s a good sign?” You bit your lip, thinking, then, “It means that you helped them. They didn’t need you anymore.” “Yes,” the Doctor said, nodding, “I spent so much time worrying if I was doing well, that I didn’t realize I was. Y/n, you’re more than capable at your job. You were picked because you’re smart and educated. You will be okay.” You nodded, feeling better. You were beginning to like the Doctor. “Tell me about how your anxiety is going.” “It’s fine, Hu- General Hux brings me breakfast and lunch and he talks mostly while I work. Dinners are fine…I still go, but I go at 2100 hours because there’s nobody there. But…” you stopped, wondering if you should tell your Doctor about Commander Ren. He wouldn’t say anything, right? “But when I’m there, the Commander is, too. Kylo Ren.” You noticed the Doctor tense at the name and you ignored it, “He’s always there and it’s just him and I. I’m usually just eating and staring out the window. But he’s…it’s like he goes there to think, to be alone. But…why does he do it in a public place? Why not in his quarters? It bugs me when he's there. I feel like I need to be on my best behavior.” The Doctor made notes on his datapad for a minute, before looking up, “I can’t imagine what kind of pressures are on the Commander, and I believe he finds solace in the cafeteria because it makes him feel…more human. Like he is not alone in his problems. It gives perspective.” You nodded, understanding. You had felt that way several times in your life. Not belonging, not being able to make friends… “I don’t think he has friends…” You said quietly, staring at your hands again, “I can’t imagine what it’s like to be constantly feared. It’s like he goes in the cafeteria to try to make friends, or to show people that he’s not so bad…you know?” “The Commander is a very complex person, with very intense pressures on him every day. I do not think he has friends.” The Doctor said, not elaborating any further. You wondered just how he knew what kind of pressures the Commander was facing every day, but didn’t press for more information. You stared forward, chewing on your lip, thinking. “General Hux always complains about the Commander, about his outbursts and how they’re getting more frequent. I can’t help but wonder if they’re because of me, if they’re because I suck at this new job and can’t find anything to help the First Order,” you sighed, dropping your head into your hands, “I feel like it’s all my fault.” “Y/n, you’re good at your job and General Hux knows that. He is the only person you need to worry about. Whatever is troubling the Commander is probably of no concern to you.” The Doctor smiled at you reassuringly. But it wasn’t reassuring. You felt anger, insecurity, and jealousy start to bubble up inside of you and you felt your chin start to quiver. Don’t cry, you idiot! You can’t just cry about everything! “I just feel so insecure every day! Everyone else is good at their jobs; it all comes so naturally to them! Why couldn’t I just stay at my old job! I was good at that!” You hadn’t realized that you had stood up from your chair until you were standing, your hands balled into fists at your sides. “Ever since I started looking at Universities to attend, I felt this pressure on me from my parents: my mom wanted me to follow in her footsteps, and my dad wanted me to take over the family business. My dad sold fake lightsabers for a living, and I wanted to go to school. Can you imagine their disappointment?” You laughed bitterly. Your chest was heaving, and angry, hot tears were falling salty down your face. You couldn’t remember the last time you had felt so angry, so frustrated. But it felt so good to let it out. “’There will be a war, Y/n, join the academy!’ they said, ‘Follow after me, take over the family business’ my dad said, but I didn’t want to! I wanted to do what I believed in, and that was history. Learning from the past…” You sighed, “They haven’t spoken to me since. I don’t even know if they’re still alive...” You looked down at your feet, tears still falling. “Y/n, how frequent are these outbursts?” The Doctor noted. You took a seat back in your chair, resting your elbows on your knees and your head in your hands. “I don’t know. Once a week, I guess. I’ve had them forever…I just get so frustrated and I don’t know how to let it all out so it just comes out like that! I try to control it but…it just feels good. Getting it all out.” You looked up at the Doctor, “This and the anxiety have been with me for as long as I remember.” The Doctor made a few more notes on the datapad then said, “I want you to see me again when you need to. Visit the gym on board. I want you to start exercising. It’s a great way to get out all of your anger and frustrations. Can you do that, Y/n?” You nodded silently, wiping the tears from your face. - The next day, you decided to get up before work to work out like the Doctor had recommended. Your whole life you had exercised on and off, not really ever committing to it, but you realized now that you needed a healthy way to get out your frustrations. You couldn’t constantly be bottling them up just to let them all out at once. The gym was empty and you were thankful to exercise alone. You’d always hated exercising with other people, always comparing yourself to them. Who am I kidding? I just don’t like being around people in general… You started jogging on the track, your mind beginning to wander. I wonder if what the Doctor says about Commander Ren is true…it makes sense that he’s under a lot of pressure. If he’s commanding this base and also training in the Force, I can’t imagine what kind of pressures he must have. I wonder if he ever feels insecure…he has to, right? Not everyone is invincible…he especially can’t be after that battle with the scavenger. I heard rumors that he’s blind, that he got a lightsaber to the face…I can’t imagine what it would be like to look at myself in the mirror every day and see how I failed… Truthfully, you didn’t hate Commander Ren like everyone else did. You didn’t really understand why nobody liked him. He was intimidating, dressing in all black with that lightsaber on his hip…and yeah, he did Force-choke anyone who got in his way or questioned his methods, but those people clearly don’t know how to keep their mouths shut… Commander Ren had never done anything to you personally to make you hate him. To you, he was just another authority figure that you respected simply because he was the Commander. And, if you were being honest with yourself, your whole life you had respected people with power. Commander Ren, being a Force-user and a high-ranking political entity, was the most powerful man you had known. You respected him for it, even lusted after his power a bit. If I were a politician, I would definitely want Kylo Ren on my side , You thought. Why was it so hard for other people to respect power? Notes: hello friends! i hope you all are liking where this is going. we learned a lot of new things about reader in this chapter, and this is kind of where the huge theme of introspection begins. we get in the mind of reader a lot now in the story, because i think its important to know what she thinks and how she processes information. so yes, introspection from now on will start becoming a huge theme in this. and soon, angst as well, but thats not for a bit. next chapter, i introduce a BIG part of the story. up until this upcoming chapter, its just been a lot of exposition, learning about reader, hux, reader's doctor, and a little about kylo ren. but this next chapter is where the ball really gets rolling. im so excited for you all to read it! thanks to everyone for all of the comments and kudos, i have so much anxiety about replying to comments so im sorry if youve commented and have wanted me to reply and i havent. but im not ignoring you! i do appreciate everything :-) until monday! Chapter 5 : USER_2205 Summary: You make progress at work, and make a new friend. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next week at work had gone the same as the one before it. You continued to exercise every morning before work, which helped immensely with your anger. A blizzard had also recently stormed through the base at the beginning of the week, piling up snow so high you almost couldn’t see out of your office windows. You caught yourself spending a lot of time at work just staring outside at the snow softly falling, collecting in neat piles. When not staring out at the snow, you tried to get work done. You had been staring at a photo of an artifact on your datapad for hours, trying to analyze it. Anything about it. Yet, your mind kept wandering to what your Doctor had said about the Commander not having any friends. His comment had been on your mind for the past week and you had begun to pity the Commander. You knew exactly what it felt like to not have friends, or anyone who even liked you. You jumped when General Hux entered the room with a tray of your lunch. “Hello,” you said, and he nodded in reply, focused on his datapad, “Um…how is work today?” You wanted to ask him questions about the Commander, make him reveal any information he knew about Kylo Ren, but you knew you didn't have the authority to do that. He looked up at you, his blue eyes narrowed under furrowed brows, then back down to the datapad in his hands, his eyebrow cocked and his eyes cold, “Please pay attention to your own work.” You had started munching on your lunch and had to swallow quickly before you said anything else. You wanted to know, needed to know... “Are you the Commander’s friend?” You asked, organizing some of your files on your datapad, trying to sound casual. You were nervous your tone came off as eager. General Hux snorted, he actually snorted, his lips twisting into a smirk, “I wouldn’t befriend Ren if he was the last person on this planet.” He looked up and saw your confused face, then elaborated, “Commander Ren does not like people, and people do not like him...and for good reason.” You nodded slightly, finishing your lunch. You couldn’t help but feel that Hux’s opinions were biased, but you were afraid to keep questioning him. Hux had to be the person closest to the Commander, so it had been worth a shot. You glanced back at your work, cocking your head to the side, staring at the hieroglyphics. Suddenly, they looked different to you than they had before. You could understand them…“Oh shit…” you breathed, beginning to clear all of your notes off of your desk, sending them crashing to the floor. This stirred General Hux from staring at his datapad. “What is it?” He asked, his eyes wide, and his tone between annoyed and surprised. “I’m so stupid! I have been analyzing this tablet for a month now, taking notes, researching…yet I didn’t even think…” You took the datapad with the photo of the artifact on it you had been using to study, and flipped it upside down, “…to flip it! I wondered why I didn’t understand any of it, it was upside down!” Hux’s eyes were wide, “Well, what does it say, then?” You were already typing fiercely into your computer, staring from the datapad with your notes to another that had translations. “It says…wow…” You shook your head, “This tablet is a map of Jedi Temples.” Everything was a blur. General Hux had commanded you to return to your quarters, but you objected, saying you had an appointment with your psychologist. General Hux didn’t seem to care, waving you off with one hand and rushing down the hall somewhere. No doubt to tell Commander Ren about my findings…I probably won’t get a thank you this time either… You dragged your feet down the hall to your psychologist’s office. You hated the fact that you had spent a month working on translating the tablet and you didn’t even get a thank you. You could feel angry tears already gathering in your eyes when you reached the office and sat down in front of the Doctor. “Hello, Y/n, how are you today?” The Doctor asked. He was staring at something on his datapad when you walked in, illuminating his graying beard, filling the wrinkles on his old face with faint blue light. “I translated General Hux’s stupid tablet,” You groaned, with your head in your hands. “Well, that’s great, Y/n!” “No it’s not! I didn’t even get a thank you, and I probably wont. He just ran out of the room and left me by myself. And now that I translated that one, they’re going to expect so much more of me…” You groaned. My whole life has been about expectations I can’t live up to. This won’t be any different. As if reading your mind, the Doctor said, “Y/n, you always talk about expectations. Where do you think this stems from?” “I don’t know,” you said, sarcastically, “Probably when my parents split up when I was 15 and expected me to pick a side. And then they expected me to live with one of them while I went to school, and follow in each of their footsteps. My whole life has been about expectations I can’t live up to.” Your head was back in your hands, your fingers rubbing your eyelids. You knew you were going to start crying soon. You hated how weak you were, how you started crying at any sign of strong emotions. “Y/n…” The Doctor sighed, “You should know, you are adequate. Here, at the First Order, at your job as a historian and translator…General Hux only expects you to do your job, and you are doing it well. You have come so far in this past month.” You looked up from your hands at the Doctor, a small, watery smile on your face. You couldn’t remember the last time someone said they were proud of you. “How is your anxiety doing, Y/n?” “Great. Well, I’ve really just been by myself every day, but I really like that, being by myself.” You said, shrugging. It was true. You had learned to tune out Hux’s rants about politics and Kylo Ren, learning to think just about work alone. And at dinner, you would eat dinner in peace, your mind clear while you stared at the snow outside. The Doctor set his datapad down on his desk, and looked at you with his head cocked to one side, “Y/n, have you ever had a pen pal?” You furrowed your brows, shaking your head slowly. “Why?” “I have another client, one who is experiencing the same issues you are with anxiety, anger, and insecurity. I believe both of you could benefit from talking to each other. Of course, it would be all anonymous,” The Doctor shrugged, “But I believe two people who have felt alone their whole lives realizing they aren’t alone would be a good idea. What do you think?” You looked to the ground, biting your lip. You were bad at making friends, and worse at keeping them. You hadn’t talked to any of your friends from University in years. I want to belong. I want to feel like I’m not alone, like I’m not the only one who doesn’t know how to control my stupid feelings. Someone else who feels insecure and cries out of frustration… You found yourself nodding. “Okay.” “Great, Y/n,” the Doctor said, smiling at you, “I believe you could really help each other. I will create anonymous IDs for you, and you can begin talking as soon as you receive a message from me.” You nodded. You were oddly excited for this, to finally feel accepted by somebody. You just hoped that you wouldn’t mess it up. “I still would like you to meet me once a week, and exercise a few times a week as well. Whenever you’re feeling anxious, I want you to do something you enjoy, something that will take your mind off of it. And try to appreciate the little things. Can you do that, Y/n?” You nodded for the third time. “I can do it.” - General Hux had given you the next day off since you had successfully translated the first tablet. After you had gotten up to exercise, you spent the rest of the day in your quarters reading and sipping tea. The Doctor had mentioned to try to focus on yourself and on hobbies that made you happy whenever you got angry or anxious. You hadn’t heard from your Doctor yet about your “penpal”. You spent most of your morning glancing nervously at your datapad, waiting for a message, but it never came. Eventually you gave up. Unfortunately, though, a day off meant taking your meals in the cafeteria by yourself. You hadn’t had to worry about your anxiety around people in over a month since you had meals brought to you during your work. But when your stomach started grumbling for breakfast a couple hours after you had woken up, you tried to ignore it at first. You knew you were hungry, but you tried to convince yourself otherwise. Every time you felt a pang of hunger, your heart would start racing. Finally, you worked up the courage to get out of your quarters and get breakfast. You walked slowly to the cafeteria, taking in your surroundings. The Doctor had told you to stop going through life on autopilot, and learn how to appreciate every second of your day. It had already been helping; you had started noticing little details you had never noticed before around the base: new rooms, overheard conversations, and little details on uniforms. You were already starting to learn how to actually feel things. Once you reached the cafeteria, you were in a good mood. It was a busy time and the chatter was loud, but to your surprise, it didn’t give you as much anxiety as you expected. Staying in the moment and being aware of your surroundings must have helped. You were in such high spirits that you even thought about starting a conversation with the stormtroopers in front of you. But they were already deep in conversation, holding their helmets by their sides. “…I heard he completely destroyed room 437, I tried to go in their earlier but there were already technicians trying to fix it.” Said one of the stormtroopers to his friend. Are they talking about the Commander? It had been weeks since you had been around this many people, so you hadn’t been paying attention to much gossip, let alone gossip about how many times a week Kylo Ren destroyed something. You hadn't even heard anything from General Hux, since you had begun tuning him out. “FN-0034 was there when it happened. He said he’s never seen anything like it, that crazy lightsaber has a mind of it’s own,” claimed the other stormtrooper, in a hushed tone, “Said he felt like he was going to pass out, watching it. He said Commander Ren was yelling…And then the Commander just stopped, put his lightsaber back, and walked away…didn’t even notice FN-0034.” The stormtrooper telling the story shook his head, and you could’ve sworn you saw the other one tremble in fear. “Ever since he got his ass kicked by that Jakku girl, he’s been even more terrifying to be around,” one of them said. You had never witnessed one of the Commander’s outbursts- you had never even seen the aftermath of one. But you were curious. After you got your food, you decided you would make a trip up to the fourth floor... ...where you followed the signs to room 437. You had never been on the fourth floor before; you stayed mostly to the third and below, since that was where your room, office, and therapist's office were. It was not unlike the other floors you frequented, offices and classrooms were replaced by large windows and computer terminals. You took your time walking down the hall towards 437, staring out at the snowy tundra. It was a new view, a new perspective on the landscape you gazed at every day. Rounding a corner, you could already smell burning metal. The technicians were gone, taking a break no doubt, so you walked silently over to the room. Bright, angry orange gashes that could only be made by a lightsaber were everywhere. The room looked like it had been some sort of control room, full of computers. Many of the computers were emitting a weak siren, others completely dead. Most of the buttons lining the wall had either been destroyed or were blinking frantically. Smoke still rose from some of the gashes, where the burnt metal smell was emitting. You shook your head in disbelief, your hands still clutching your tray of untouched food. Should I be impressed or scared? You wanted to keep staring at the damage, to keep theorizing what exactly had set the Commander off, but you knew you couldn’t stay there forever. Soon, technicians would return from their break, and you couldn’t be there when that happened. You moved reluctantly back down the hall to the elevator. You wanted to leave, to get out of this hallway in case someone caught you ogling at the destroyed room, but you also wanted to stay and stare. There was something about it that was so fascinating. How could someone with so much power and such authority be so unstable? You thought, picking at your food while you stood in the elevator. You had to admit that you felt a twinge of respect for the Commander. He didn’t care who saw him having a tantrum, because anyone who did would just be even more scared and intimidated. And isn’t that what he wanted? - Back in your quarters, you forced yourself to think only of your book. Your mind was racing, thinking one second about the Commander, and the next about your new pen pal. When would you receive a message from the Doctor? You finished a book you had been reading, and had begun to start another when you realized it was time for dinner. You wondered if you would see the Commander there, like he always was, deep in thought. Or would he be in his quarters because of his outburst? Does he ever get embarrassed? The whole base gossips about him every time he does this, General Hux despises him…I wonder if he ever feels remorseful after he’s heard rumors or jokes about himself… You were waiting for the Commander to arrive at the cafeteria when you had been sitting down, eating your food. Today's dinner was soup, a comforting meal you needed after a stressful day. But to your relief, the Commander never came. You were completely alone, staring out at the falling snow. For a second, you felt your heart drop. Maybe he is embarrassed. I guess I would be. You jumped when a notification noise came from your datapad. Your heart began beating rapidly, because the only messages you were expecting to get were from your Doctor. You pulled the datapad out of your bag and looked at the notification. “Hello. Your User Identification is USER_2205. The other party will be informed soon. Use this system to contact them.” You hands were shaking, fumbling with the controls. There was an open chat log already, with the message from the Doctor. You were familiar with the chat log, it was the same one you used now to schedule appointments, and to communicate with other employees in your old job. There were no messages. Did you have to start the conversation? Your hands were shaking and sweaty, your breath fast and ragged, and your heart beating out of your chest. You felt you stomach twist into knots, and typed out: “Hi.” Notes: i really can't wait to start getting into this whole pen pal business, so there will probably be either an update sooner than usual, or another one in addition to the friday one......... Chapter 6 : Pay Attention to Work Summary: Your penpal is mysterious, and so is the man you scare away at the gym... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was hours before you received a reply. Those hours you spent waiting were some of the worst. You had always been bad at waiting for things. You were jittery, your hands shaking and eyes twitching to the datapad for a message. You even took a short shower, worried that you would miss a message. You checked the datapad constantly, only stopping when you went to bed. When you woke up, however, you realized there was a new message, from a USER_5608, saying: “Hello.” You stared at the datapad, not knowing what to say. User_5608…there has to be a better way to say these names if we can only talk anonymously. “Hi, 5608. Can I call you 56? It’s much easier. You can call me 22.” After this reply, you decided to go to the gym. Your nerves had been on edge since the previous day, and you wanted to let out some emotion to help yourself feel better. You got ready for the gym, taking with you your work clothes and bag. Before leaving your quarters, you checked the datapad again. There was another message from 56, simply saying, “Yes.” You smiled in spite of yourself. You had never been any good at making conversation, but you already felt like you were getting somewhere. “Hi, 56. You see the Doctor too?” You typed out before slipping the datapad in your bag and walking to the gym. You were really starting to enjoy going to the gym. Your favorite thing to do was run on the track. You’d always hated running growing up, but now you were starting to love it. It was an easy way to get in shape, and release all frustrations. During one of your breaks, another person walked in, someone you had never seen before. You were at the track and he had just entered, so you couldn’t get a great look at him. But he was tall, and had dark hair that fell to his shoulders, and pale skin, contrasted by a white scar across his face and dark clothes. You met his eyes for a second, and gave a small smile of greeting. It was rare that you would have a visitor at the gym this early. Though you wanted to be friendly, you were secretly hoping that he would stay far away from you. He stopped in his tracks, and looked at you like he had just seen a ghost. His dark eyes locked with yours, and the color drained from his face. He quickly turned away and walked in towards the opposite end of the gym. You furrowed your brows at the encounter. Did I do something wrong? Do people not smile around here? You rolled your eyes and warmed up to start running again, Try to be nice to someone and they act like it’s the end of the world…That scar was gnarly…He must be a stormtrooper. You worked out for another 15 minutes before stopping. You hadn’t seen the man since the encounter, and you had written it off as being shy. You were usually the shy one in most situations, and now you were on the other end of it. - You couldn’t check the datapad again until Hux came with breakfast at work. You had mostly been organizing your notes for a couple hours, waiting for him to give you instructions on what to translate next. When he arrived, he was holding yet another tablet in his arms as well as a tray full of breakfast, and set both down on a desk near you. Then he sat down in his usual chair in front of you, crossing his arms across his chest. “The First Order has already benefitted greatly from your translation last week. We have no doubts that you will be able to keep up the good work. You couldn’t help but to smile. You knew Hux wasn’t affectionate, nor did he probably care at all about becoming friends with you, but you knew that it must have been difficult for him to be so out of character in thanking you. “Thank you, General. That means a lot to me. I will not let you down, and I look forward to continuing to help the First Order.” General Hux nodded, got up, and left you alone with your breakfast and work. It was the first time in over a month that he had not taken a meal with you. You figured it was because he trusted you to do your job well now that you actually found something useful. When he was out of the room, you checked your datapad again for a new message. “Yes,” it read, “He believes it would be beneficial for us to communicate.” “I think so, too,” you replied, “How is your day going?” You set the datapad back on the table, getting to work on another tablet. Almost immediately, you got another notification. I’m going to have to put this away or else it will just keep distracting me from my work. “My day is well.” Read the message, then another, “What is your job on the base?” You bit your lip, staring at the screen. The Doctor had mentioned that everything was anonymous but you still didn’t want to reveal any personal information. You were the only person on board who had your job, so you decided to lie. “I work on the bridge. I am an air flight operator.” Another quick message came after your reply. “I, too, work on the bridge.” Did we work together? You thought, thinking about how many people you worked with at your old position, Imagine if I was talking to somebody I sat next to for months at the old base… A thought struck you, Unless they’re lying to hide their identity like I am…but why would they need to do that? I only did it because my job would give me away immediately…why would they need to lie? You weren’t sure what to say next, so you put your datapad away and picked up the one that Hux had brought, with the artifact on it. Now that you knew how to translate the hieroglyphics, you were hoping that translating any new tablets would come easy to you. However, although you knew most of the translations for the symbols, the grammar used was incredibly archaic. It took you all morning to figure out the first couple words, and you had to stop and take a break when Hux came with your lunch. He left again after putting your lunch on your desk, and you rubbed your temples after picking at your food. You decided to check your datapad again, and were surprised to see another message from 56. “How is your day?” It said. You got the feeling that whomever you had been communicating with either wasn’t good at conversations, or just didn’t like talking. But you could tell that they were already starting to make an effort. “My day is fine,” you sighed, “I’ve been stuck working on something all morning, without getting anywhere. I’m worried my superior is going to reprimand me if I don’t do it fast enough. The last project he assigned took me over a month to complete.” You signed again, setting the datapad back down on your desk. Staring at the computer screen, you rubbed your temples with your fingers. You could already feel a headache coming on. You drank some water hoping it would help, and finished the rest of your lunch. You desperately needed to get back to work, but you couldn’t stop thinking about who it was you were talking to. You wanted so badly to ask what their name was, at least their first name, but you knew you couldn’t. You couldn’t break the agreement to stay anonymous. Another notification from your datapad, and a message that read, “Perhaps you need to pay attention to work, then.” You rolled your eyes. They were terrible at talking about anything. How were you supposed to get them to talk about their feelings with you when you needed them? “That’s very helpful. Maybe you should work, too then.” Another quick reply, “I can multitask.” You snorted at the arrogance and put the datapad back in your bag again. You were determined to get some actual work done today, and you couldn’t do it while being distracted by your invisible friend all day. The day went by agonizingly slow. Although you loved your work, you spent the whole day wanting to talk to 56. Who are they? You sighed, looking at the clock. You had one more hour of work to do, and you had only translated a couple words, and they didn’t even make any sense. You knew what the singular hieroglyphics were, but putting them together to make an actual sentence was the hard part. You were only able to do it so quickly with the last tablet because it was a map. The one Hux had given you today had no pictures, only hieroglyphics. Finally, you were able to leave work. You packed up your things and organized your desk, pulling your datapad out to reply to 56 while you walked to your quarters. You bit your lip thinking of a good reply. You hadn’t replied to their “I can multitask” message because you had been working all day. You decided to change the subject. “So do you have any hobbies?” You got to your quarters and set down most of your things. You checked the datapad before getting in the shower. A new message read: “I read. You shook your head and replied, “What do you read?” Before getting into the shower. You imagined the hot water running down your body and killing all bacteria in its path. You breathed in deep breaths full of steam to help your headache and calm yourself down from work that day. I wonder if he’s cute? You opened your eyes at the sudden thought. How do I even know if it’s male of female? You hadn’t had a boyfriend, or, well, anything since University. Frankly, you could go without sex. You thought sex to be painful, sweaty, and embarrassing. Ever since being on Starkiller, you had not been interested in dating anybody, anyways. You always had such a huge workload that you only had time to work. You also savored the time you had to spend alone, working on hobbies or reading. You didn’t have time for a relationship. Well, not a relationship , you corrected yourself, if I could make friends with 56…someone who understands me…then that wouldn’t be too bad. You stepped out of the shower, drying off as you went. You moisturized your face and brushed your fingers through your straight hair, staring at your face. He probably wouldn’t like me anyways. Not being conventionally attractive had been a part of your whole life. You always had friends who everyone wanted to be friends with, and you were always the friend of the pretty friend. You weren’t necessarily the “ugly” friend…but you were always a second thought compared to your beautiful friends. Slipping on lounge clothes, you checked the datapad again. 56 had replied. “I enjoy history books. Occasionally novels. Do you like to read?” “I love history!” you replied, thankful for some common ground, “I read a lot of non-fiction, but not always history. I graduated from University with a degree in history.” You replied. Oops. You bit your lip. Was that too much information? You couldn’t have been the only person on the base who went to University. You definitely couldn’t be the only person with a degree in history. You shook your head, I’m being stupid. They can’t know who I am because of that information. The notification noise from your datapad made you jump, and you nervously looked at the message. “History? I don’t know any people on the base with that degree. Interesting.” Oh no. Notes: hello friends!!!!!! enjoy an extra chapter!!! im in the middle of a rare break in my classes, because im about to wrap up like three of my projects within the next few days so i thought i would slip in an extra chapter for you all :) thank you SO MUCH(!!!) for all of the kudos and comments. i love you all, and you guys are what keep me going. lots more kylo ren, more introspection, and reader dealing with her issues coming soon. expect another update on friday! Chapter 7 : Gone Summary: Disaster. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The datapad was shaking in your hands. How could you be so stupid to let something like that slip up? Your heart was beating hard in your chest and you took a deep breath to try to calm yourself down. It didn’t help. With sweaty, shaking hands, you typed a reply. “I know a couple people on the base with that degree. It’s pretty common actually, You knew you were rambling, but for some reason you couldn’t stop, “I have a lot of friends here. I know two of them with degrees in history.” Once you set your message, you groaned and threw the datapad onto your bed. You knew you sounded stupid, trying to cover up for your dumb mistake. You didn’t have to wait long for a reply, and when it came, it wasn’t the one you were hoping for. “You don’t have any friends.” You furrowed your brows. “Yes I do! I have a lot of friends.” Calling your bluff, 56 replied with, “You’re lying.” “Well you’re very arrogant.” You typed out, your hands shaking from anger , I’m sure you don’t have any friends, either.” At that message, you were expecting a snarky reply right away- it was goading him to say something sarcastic, but nothing came. There was no reply when you sat reading for an hour, and none before you went to the cafeteria for dinner. At dinner, you kept checking for a reply, but there was none. Had I hurt his feelings? You were deep in thought when you saw the Commander walk in to the cafeteria. He didn’t sit in his usual spot like you had hoped. Instead, he took a seat at a table near you, and stared out the window. But the whole time you were there, he was silent. Just staring out of the window. You could also make out more details of his clothes. You had never been this close to him before. You noticed the different textures of his cloak, the leather on his arms and pants, and the hints of silver in his mask. The mask was even more intimidating up close, especially covered with the cloak. But not once did he seem to notice you. Ever since he looked at you weeks ago in the cafeteria, he didn’t say or do anything towards you. Both of you just sat there alone, staring out the window, him with his hands on the table, and you eating your dinner. Eventually, you got up and put your tray away. Before you left the cafeteria, you turned to look, and Commander Ren was still sitting where you had left him. Back at your room, it was late, and you decided to call it a night. You read again for a little bit before bed, and then turned out the lights. After you got comfortable in bed, you heard the faint sound of a notification coming from the datapad that was still in your bag. You wanted to ignore it, you really did. But you knew the whole reason of talking to this person was so you could help each other. You didn’t want to start off on the wrong foot, hating each other. So you got up from bed and walked in the darkness to wear the datapad was. You pulled it out, and blinked at the blinding light of the screen. “No. I do not have friends, either.” - You woke up to your alarm going off. Was that your alarm? You blinked a few times and sat up. Rubbing your head, you searched for your alarm. But it wasn’t going off. What’s going on? You thought groggily as you stepped out of bed and onto the cold floor. You picked up the bag with your datapad in it and pulled on a black sweater over your pants. Yawning, you poked your head out of your main door, and your eyes grew wide. Officers and stormtroopers alike were running through the hall, shouting orders. A voice on the intercom was calling orders, “Please head in an orderly fashion to the nearest shelter. Thank you.” “Hey!” you called, stopping a nearby stormtrooper, “What’s going on? What time is it?” The stormtrooper looked around and then back to you, saying, “Ma’am, I need to escort you to the closest shelter.” “Wait-“ was all you got out before he pulled you out of your room and down the hall. His armor was cold against your skin, and his grip tight. You passed by frantic looking officers running up and down the hall, many holding blasters, others talking on comms, and some staring at datapads. “What the hell is going on?” You mumbled as the stormtrooper tugged you down the hallway. You received your answer soon when you turned a sharp left down the hallway past the hangar. A large window on the wall allowed view into the hangar, where you saw pilots scrambling and TIE fighters on fire. With your mouth agape, your wide eyes surveyed the scene. “What…I don’t underst-“ you were interrupted by the stormtrooper pulling open a door and leading you down a staircase into a bunker of some kind. He followed close behind as you made your way down the steps, where the sound of the alarm was becoming more muffled. When you reached the bottom, you looked around. You were in a bunker. The lights were bright and hurt your eyes. Officers, pilots, stormtroopers, doctors, and others with uniforms you didn’t recognize were scattered around the large room. Many of them looked scared, others exhausted. What time is it? You wondered, looking around to see many people sleeping on the ground. The stormtrooper led you to an area near a wall, where you sat down. “Now can you tell me whats going on?” You asked. The stormtrooper looked at you and said, “Resistance attack.” He then turned and ran back up the stairs, no doubt to go help more people. You didn’t really know many stormtroopers, but you were happy that this one had found you and made sure you were okay. - All in all, sitting in the bunker was boring. You spent the whole time studying the artifact on your datapad, and only putting it down after awhile when you got a headache from staring at the screen. I wonder if 56 is okay…maybe he’s down here. You took the datapad in your hands again, and typed a quick message, “ Hey, this is crazy, right?” Before setting it back down in your bag. You were bored, and you wanted to be back up in your room, asleep. You were glad all these people down here were safe, but you had seen so much death at the destruction of Starkiller, that the idea of any more people dying just made you numb. This whole war is so stupid. I wish I didn’t have to be in the middle of it. Nobody else should have to die…I shouldn’t have to worry about my life…I’m just a translator, a historian… Before you knew it, your head was bobbing down onto your shoulder, and you were asleep. - You were jerking awake, unaware of your surroundings. Then you were blinded by the bright lights of the bunker again, and remembered. You instinctively reached for your datapad again, and found there were no messages. You checked the time and realized that you had been asleep for nearly four hours. I would normally be waking up for work right now… You rested your head on the wall behind you. Soon, stormtroopers arrived in the bunker again, and you were hopeful that you would be able to return to your room, to work. But they began passing out small rations of breakfast to everyone in the bunker, and you sighed. How long will I be in here? Is 56 okay? I wonder where General Hux is… You hadn’t brought anything with you from the bunker except for your bag with your datapad, so all you had to do was study the tablet and make notes. By that afternoon, you’d had two lines of the tablet translated. You were thinking about the tablet when stormtroopers entered the bunker again. This time, you figured they would just be giving out lunch, but then you saw the crowd of people begin to travel up the stairs. You stood up immediately, and followed the crowd. Once up to the surface, you didn’t notice any immediate difference. The Resistance must have only been focused on one part of the base, you thought. But as you passed by the hangar, you noticed injured pilots being transported into the base to the medbay, and smoke coming from a handful of damaged TIE fighters. The sight made you cringe. You walked down the hallway to your quarters and entered, to find it untouched. You breathed a sigh of relief and decided to get ready for work. You didn’t know if things were going to get back to normal right away, but you didn’t want to risk being reprimanded from General Hux, just because you had been taking shelter for eight hours. After you’d showered, put on makeup, and changed into your work uniform, you grabbed your bag for work, and headed to the third floor, to your office. Immediately you realized something was off. The elevator lights flickered as you went up, and when you stepped out into the third floor hallway, the smell of smoke filled your nostrils. Oh no. You jogged to where your office was, but it was no use. The door had been ripped off the hinges, a large hole on the opposite wall, where the window had been. You walked into the room and felt your shoulders slump. The cabinets had been ransacked. The artifacts were gone. Tears started to form in your eyes, and you wiped them away before they reached your cheeks. How? How did the Resistance know where to look? Had I given them away? Was there something I had said to alert the Resistance? Was 56 a Resistance spy? You dropped to your knees, crying. The artifacts. They had contained thousands of years of Jedi history on them and they were gone, either with the Resistance, or destroyed. Those artifacts had no allegiance to the Resistance or the First Order. They had only been a series of recordings from Jedi thousands of years ago, and now they were gone. Thousands of years of history gone, all because of a war. Your head was starting to hurt even more with your crying, and you took a deep, shaky breath to attempt to stop. Sniffling, you wiped your eyes dry and looked once again around the room. You had only been here two months, but you felt as though you had spent your whole life in this room. And now it was all gone. You turned to leave when you walked out the door and noticed movement to your left. Rubbing the extra tears out of your eyes, you looked up to see Commander Ren standing where you had been after you got out of the elevator. Immediately, your breath stopped in your chest. He was so tall, towering over you. You looked at him with bloodshot eyes, and even though you couldn’t see his eyes through his mask, you knew you were staring at each other. You couldn’t imagine how pathetic you must have looked. Bloodshot, sleepy eyes, and soot on your clothes from when you had fallen on your knees in your office. You couldn’t see his expression, but you knew he was as devastated as you were. He had never talked to, or even thanked you for the work you had been doing for the First Order, but he knew who you were and knew this was your office. He knew this was where the artifacts were held. You were upset about your work being destroyed and precious tokens of history being lost forever. You figured that he must have been angry for a different reason. Any clues you had about finding Luke Skywalker and staying a step ahead of the Resistance and the Jedi had just either been destroyed or stolen. You weren’t sure how long you were staring at each other before you looked down and walked back down the hallway, opposite of the elevator. You took the stairs. Notes: hell fukin yea dude a new chapter!!!! i thought i would get this out asap since i have a v busy weekend ahead of me. i have the ui of an app, two book covers, a billboard design, and label design for my package design class due next monday/tuesday so ill be spending most of my time this weekend working on those. and when im NOT doing hw (ha.....) the huge 3-week long art festival in my city began wednesday, and saturday i not only have a tattoo consultation for my star wars tattoo (!) but im seeing my favorite band that night! busy busy! i figured i would try to let yall into my life a little more!! i love writing notes, and seeing all of your comments, and i realized you all dont really know much about me or my life so this is me trying to be a friend :-) who do you think the spy is?? will reader ever learn more about her pen pal??? what the hell is kylo ren's problem???? i sure hope you all are enjoying where this is going, i love getting encouraging comments and kudos every day, you guys are the sweetest ever for taking this ride with me. Chapter 8 : Guilty Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Get ahold of yourself!” You growled, splashing water on your face from the sink in your refresher. The mirror reflected someone you had not seen in so long- someone distraught, emotional. You shook your head at your appearance and splashed more water on your face. Tears will still falling down your cheeks and the skin around your eyes was raw from wiping the tears away with your sleeve. “Stupid!” You yelled, walking out of the refresher and into the main room, kicking a chair out of the way and throwing yourself into bed. You had survived the destruction of Starkiller, you had seen death, so why did this affect you so? You thought back to the day Starkiller had been destroyed. You didn’t know how to react when you had seen a squadron of X-Wings enter the atmosphere. You had been frozen at your seat, staring at the computer terminal in front of your face. This can’t be happening, you had thought. It was only when one of your employees pushed you out of the way to show one of your superiors the X-Wings that you had been snapped out of your daze. You had wanted to be back in your quarters, gathering up your things to board emergency shuttles off the planet, but you had to stay and monitor the skies. Soon a dogfight had commenced, and no later than fifteen minutes after, everyone around you had begun scrambling. Maybe you were in shock, but you had been strangely calm. Someone had grabbed your arm, rushed you down the hall with another group of officers, and had pushed you into an escape shuttle, and the whole time you were on autopilot. Then you had come to this new place. There were already officers and stormtroopers there, as if they had been expecting this to happen. You had been shown to your new quarters, and after a couple days of recouping, you started work again. Was this going to be like Starkiller? Were you going to be on autopilot for months, not thinking about the tragedy, the lives lost, the damage to the base, just to bottle it all up? You weren’t sure how much more trauma, how much more lives lost you would be able to take before you snapped. But you knew what the answer was right away. Yes, you were going to be cold, distant, keep everything inside, because you didn’t have time to worry. You had work to do, you had to help the First Order to victory, and you didn’t have time to worry about feelings. - It was a full week before you saw General Hux again, to talk about work, since the base had begun repairs. Thankfully, the gym had not been destroyed, and you were able to continue your workouts. You needed them more than ever now, since the Resistance attack. You hadn’t seen the man you had run into weeks ago, either, though he was the least of your worries. Though, his reaction had still left you confused and worried. Had he known something about the attack. You also hadn’t heard from 56 since the attack. You didn’t message him again, knowing that if he was okay, you would hear from him. There was no word, either, from your therapist. That week after the attack, Hux had told you to meet with him in a room different than your office, while it was being repaired. You had never seen him so angry. He had stormed in, mumbling curses under his breath. For the first time, his usually perfect hair was a askew, and he was holding his hat in his shaking hands. He saw you and stopped short, taking a seat near you. The new room was not so different than your original office. It was more of a classroom than a laboratory, probably used for pilot’s training. “Y/n, you’re here, “ Hux said sharply, as if he was expecting you to be dead, “As you can tell, the First Order is…repairing. We have scouts out to find where the Resistance base is, and hopefully… hopefully we will retrieve the artifacts they had stolen. “So they were stolen, then?” You asked. Hux sighed. “We’re not sure. We had snowtroopers out yesterday looking for any scrap of the artifacts and they found nothing. We think the Resistance stole them, and somehow they knew exactly where to look.” You nodded, looking down at your feet. “You will be interrogated.” Your head snapped up, staring at Hux with wide eyes. You had just begun to thank him in your head for not suspecting you. “General, I would never-“ Hux held up a hand to silence you. “Tomorrow morning at 0700, prepare to be escorted from your quarters to interrogation. You will not return to work until your sentence is finalized. You are dismissed.” You held your gaze with Hux for a moment longer, your eyes incredulous. His eyes were empty, cold, his chin set below the hard line of his lips. You grabbed up your things and pushed past him out of the room, scoffing as you went. Me? A Resistance spy? What would I have to gain from reporting to the Resistance? You walked angrily into your quarters, slamming the door behind you and collapsing on the floor, crying out of anger and frustration. You picked up one of the holobook files next to you and threw it next to the wall, where it cracked and fell. You were too busy laying on the floor and hiccoughing to hear the notification on your datapad. It wasn’t until you wiped your eyes and got up to pick up the destroyed holobook that you also picked up your datapad. There was a new message from 56. Finally, you thought, breathing a sigh of relief. “I have been busy since the attack on the base.” You sniffled, wiping your eyes and typing on the datapad. “I’m alive. I’ve been busy too. Well, not exactly. I might get fired.” The last part wasn’t exactly a lie, although it wasn’t the truth either. You weren’t sure what Hux would do after the interrogation, even though you had nothing to hide. He wouldn’t have me killed, right? A thought flashed in your mind of you kneeling on the ground, with a stormtrooper holding a blaster to your head. No, no Kylo Ren would probably do it himself. You got another message from 56, saying, “I’m sorry to hear that.” It made you smile. You were glad at least someone cared about you. “Are you angry?” came another message from 56. What an odd question. Of course you were angry. You : “Yes, but I got it all out. Threw a holobook across the room and cried for an hour.” 56: “Hopefully it wasn’t valuable." You smiled again. Your first human interaction in a week had been with Hux, who had reprimanded you and accused you of being a spy. You were glad you had a friend somewhere. “It was just one from University. I don’t look at it anymore,” you paused, “Do you ever get angry like that? Lash out?” 56: “All the time.” You: “When I first started seeing the Doctor, he told me to exercise when I get angry. I really helped. Maybe you should try it, too.” 56: “Maybe.” A beat, then you replied: “What were you doing? During the attack?” 56: “I was working. We evacuated.” You: “I’ve never experienced anything like that before. I was so scared, there were so many people down in the bunkers…so many people were hurt.” 56: “My family and I spent much of my life traveling from planet to planet. It was not new to me.” You thought about this for a second. That was the first time he had ever talked to you about anything personal. You: “My family and I lived on the same planet my whole life. But when they split up, I never saw my dad…and my mother became protective, controlling. I went away to University as soon as I had the opportunity. Haven’t seen them since.” 56 took a while to reply, as if pondering where to take the conversation next. Then, he just said, “I see.” You decided to change the subject, sensing his disinterest in the conversation. “Hey,” You typed out, “Have you heard from the Doctor? I haven’t heard anything since the attack.” You had to wait longer for a reply from 56. You imagined him mulling over his answer before he replied to you. 56: “He is dead.” Notes: kind of a short chapter full of exposition just to set up the next chapter. i'll probably update again on wednesday, just because this one was so short and the next one is substantially longer than this. thanks for sticking around! <3 Chapter 9 : Interrogated Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You stared at your datapad for you didn’t know how long. He is dead. How could he say it so casually? You: “Dead? How did he die? In the attack?” 56: “He was a traitor. A Resistance spy.” Your heart sank in your chest. Who were you going to talk to about your problems? Who was going to help you find healthy coping mechanisms? You slumped your shoulders and stared in front of you, not really looking at anything. You could feel tears coming to your eyes. You had just begun to trust the Doctor. He had helped you, cared about you. He wanted to see you better. You were beginning to like him. Why? A voice intruded, He was a traitor. He was the one that gave the First Order away. He deserved what he got. I shouldn’t cry over him. He knew what he was doing. He was not innocent. Had he set you up? Is that why he had offered you a job? To find out where you worked and alert the Resistance? You lay back on your bed, thinking. No, he was not innocent. Am I a bad person for not mourning his death? Another notification on your datapad. 56: “He was not a good man.” Then, “He deserved it. You know it.” You sniffled and gulped, wiping the tears from your eyes. You trusted 56. He worked on the bridge; there was no doubt in your mind that he had been there when the information had come in about whom the spy was. And the problem was, you knew 56 was right. Deep down, you knew the Doctor deserved it. You couldn’t doubt how you felt. You wanted so badly to disagree, to play devil’s advocate, to claim he was innocent… You: “You’re right. I just don’t know who I’m going to talk to anymore about my problems.” 56: “You can talk to me. That is why we started talking.” You: “How am I supposed to talk to you about my problems if you’re so closed up and won’t tell me anything about you? I don’t know who you are!” 56: “Maybe lets keep it that way.” You stared at the last message from 56 with a confused expression. There was no longer any reason to be anonymous now that the Doctor was dead. Why didn’t he want to meet? Was he embarrassed? You: “At least tell me if you’re male or female.” 56: “Male.” You: “You mentioned your parents the other day.” 56: “Yes.” You: “Do you want to talk about them?” 56: “Traitors. They work for the Resistance." That last sentence hit you hard. His parents were involved in the Resistance? Why was he with the First Order? You: “Can you tell me your name? We should be friends, help each other. It’s okay.” 56 didn’t reply right away like you had expected. In fact, he didn’t reply at all. You realized after awhile that he probably wasn’t going to reply any time soon, and took a shower, washing the dried tears from your face. You took time to consider the sharp turn your life had taken ever since the destruction of Starkiller Base. Before then, you were used to people abandoning you, but you had never seen death before the disaster. And you surprised yourself with how much it didn’t bother you. You had seen people die right in front of you at Starkiller Base, had heard rumors about Commander Ren killing or torturing prisoners…but it never affected you. You shivered despite the hot shower. What was wrong with you? You spent a long time in the shower, and when you got out, it was lunchtime. You were tired from the day, and from receiving that news from 56, yet you knew you had to eat in order to feel better. You changed and headed out of your quarters, leaving your datapad behind. You didn’t want to constantly worry about it while you were at lunch. The cafeteria had been partly destroyed, so many people were sitting on the ground, eating. Stormtroopers were handing out portions to everyone, since the usual buffet had to be moved to make room. You took a portion, and sat in the corner. For some reason, the lack of chairs and tables made you feel much better about getting lunch. You’d had no anxiety at all, and were happily munching on your food, feeling calm for the first time in the past few weeks, when you heard a loud crash nearby. You jumped and watched as several other heads moved in the direction of the cafeteria entrance. You could hear shouting, one of the voices unmistakably General Hux. People began to get up and leave out of the entrance on the other side of the cafeteria, and a handful of other people were the only ones left. You got up and walked closer to the entrance, to hear what was going on. “…Supreme Leader does not think this wise, Ren. You are being foolish!” Came General Hux’s voice. Supreme Leader? You thought, your brows furrowing. That had been the second time you had heard that phrase. Then, a distorted, gravelly voice entered the conversation with Hux. This voice was frighteningly calm and level. “Do you doubt my methods, General? Surely you do not wish you defy the Supreme Leader any further than you already have.” You could hear General Hux sputtering for a reply, then the woosh and crackle of a lightsaber. You had grown up around enough about lightsabers to know one when you heard it. But this one was different, unstable…it sounded like the fake lightsabers your father used to make. Suddenly there was a succession of loud crashes and you looked around the cafeteria door to see what was happening. Kylo Ren stood with his back against you and General Hux, lashing his lightsaber out in anger, creating bright orange marks in the wall in front of him. You could hear him yelling through the mask, and his shoulders heaving with every breath. You had only ever heard stories about Commander Ren’s outbursts, and you finally got to witness one. The raw power Kylo Ren exhibited had you awestruck in both terror and fascination. The crackle of the unstable lighstaber, as if it would at any moment self-destruct, seemed to have a life of its own in its owner’s hand. You now understood why everyone avoided Kylo Ren, why everyone went white when someone mentioned him. You had only ever thought of him before as an authority figure, someone to be avoided because they might write you up for being late to your station. But now you saw him as a Force-user, trained as a Jedi, a myth… Suddenly, Kylo Ren stopped, his hand holding the lightsaber falling to his side. His shoulders were still heaving with exhaustion, smoke beginning to envelop him. But you could sense a difference with him. The anger was gone, as if the tantrum had extinguished any traces of rage. He turned in one quick motion, and so did you, resting your head back against the cafeteria door. The last thing you wanted was to be seen by Kylo Ren after one of his tantrums. Luckily, you just heard the woosh of the lightsaber being deactivated, and the heavy footfalls of his boots fading into the distance. You sighed, and slid down the wall, staring at the crushed food you had been gripping in your hands. You had lost your appetite. - The next morning, you got up early for interrogation. As expected, a stormtrooper was at your door at exactly 0700, and escorted you to the interrogation room. He led you through the dimly lit walls, past the sounds of people walking, the noise of repairs being done, and nervous glances in your direction. The stormtrooper was silent when he stopped in front of a large durasteel door, before placing his hand on the palm scanner next to it, and leading you inside. He had you strapped to an upright table, where you were unable to move. You didn’t know what to expect, but you hoped that you weren’t going to be tortured. You had learned about the Empire’s torture methods, especially those executed by Darth Vader, and the thought sent chills down your spine. The last thing you wanted was to withstand Sith torture methods. You were tired, resting your head on your shoulder, when you heard the large metal door open and close. You blinked your eyes open, staring at the dimly lit wall in front of you when he stepped into view. Kylo Ren. Your heart dropped. He was the last person you wanted to see. “You’re the historian.” Was all he said, and you nodded in reply. In this light, he looked like a ghost, a dark entity. The hood of his cloak cast perfect shadows onto his mask, and his long arms were clenched in fists at his sides. “We have reason to believe that you aided the Resistance spy.” You didn’t want to tell him about what 56 said about the Doctor, but knew enough about the Sith and the Force to know Kylo Ren would find a way to get the information out of you. “My only allegiance is to the First Order.” Commander Ren stared at you, or at least, you thought he was staring. It was hard to tell with the mask. He seemed to be considering the truth of your statement. You were amazed at how composed he was, standing like a statue in front of you. You remembered how powerful and terrifying he had been yesterday, and it sent a shudder through your body. It was as if the person you had seen yesterday was a completely different one than the man standing in front of you now. Suddenly, he reached out an arm and you felt an immense pressure on your temples. You didn’t want to scream, didn’t want to show him that he intimidated you, but you could feel tears beginning to fall down your face and you squeezed your eyes shut. It was pain like you had never felt before- electricity, running through your blood and shocking your nerves. Your heart felt like it was splitting in two, and you finally screamed at the pain. You wanted someone to stop, to help you, but you knew help wouldn’t come. Kylo Ren would take what he wanted, and you were powerless to object. The worst part wasn’t the pain, no; it was being able to feel his presence there, in your mind. He was there, silent and arrogant, but he left traces. You felt him pick through your memories, seeing what he saw- your graduation from University, your first day at school, your mother and father, the destruction of Starkiller Base- Then it stopped, and you felt the fog around your mind lift. Your breath hitched in your throat and you forced yourself to exhale and open your eyes. Your face was wet with tears, and you felt cold sweat dripping down your temples. Kylo Ren stood still in front of you, his cloaked arm still outstretched. “Interesting…” he mumbled through his mask, more to himself. He released your restraints, though you continued to lie on the table, staring up at him. The last thing you wanted was to do something to make him angry. But there was something noticeably different about him now. His arm was still raised, but it shook as he took deep breaths, any trace of arrogance gone. He stared at you a moment longer before his arm dropped silently to his side. He turned, his cloak brushing your feet as he did, and you heard the door open and close once again. - The following week, you wanted to avoid Commander Ren as much as possible, so you took every meal in your room. Since the interrogation, you’d had a constant headache, one that medications from medical droids didn’t evenseem to fix. But you knew it was deeper than physical pain. Kylo Ren had left his mark inside of your brain, and you didn’t know how to get it out. So you were thankful for a friend who you could complain to. Though you had continued to talk to 56, mostly about history. He was very passionate about Jedi and Sith history, and you learned a lot from him. It kept your mind off of your interrogation, and impending verdict. But when you had told him about seeing Kylo Ren destroying part of the base out of anger, and your interrogation, he seemed annoyed. 56: “They say Kylo Ren is a monster. Why do you seek to know more about him?” You: “I don’t, I just…I just thought maybe you’d had experiences with him. You know, everyone always seems to have bad things to say.” 56: “And not you?" You thought for a moment, biting your lip. No, you did not. “ No,” you replied, “No, I don’t know him enough. I understand being afraid if he threatened me, but I’ve only ever been around him a handful of times. Even though he entered my mind, looked at my memories…I understand that he has to do those things. Its part of his job. He scares me, but I respect his power. He seems smart, and I trust his methods. I expect there’s a lot of pressure on him to do well, Commander of the First Order." You thought for a moment before pressing “Send”. Even though he had tortured you to the point of tears, and left you with head pain that only left after a week of constant medication, you couldn’t bring yourself to hate him. 56 only said, “I see.” You had learned that this was his favorite saying. Whenever you asked too personal a question, or gave your opinion, you could always expect it to be met with “I see.” He had still avoided your question about who he was, too. He wouldn’t even tell you what he looked like. You’d even asked him before what his first name was, and he had replied, “That person is gone.” You weren’t sure what that meant, and when you pressed further, he had ignored you. However, you found over the weeks that he had gotten more comfortable talking to you. He was very closed off, and only really liked to talk about history. But every once and awhile, it was as if he would try to break down barriers, try to get you to understand him. It began one night during your leave of absence due to the verdict on your guilt, that he asked you a question. 56: “Are you close to your parents?” The question caught you off guard, and you stopped reading to think about it. You used to be, when you were little. But when your parents split up, everything became a battle between the two. “Not really. They always had these expectations I had to live up to, and I didn’t. When they split up, everything changed.” You paused, recalling a similar conversation you’d had with the Doctor, “ Are you close with yours? How do they feel about you working for the First Order?” 56 didn’t reply right away, and when he did, it was a short message. You had gotten used to those. “No. They chose a life for me that I could not live.” You wondered what that meant. Did they force him to do something as a job that he didn’t want to? Had they betrayed him somehow? You’d learned in your conversations with 56 to not press further, so you didn’t. “What about siblings? Do you have any?” You asked. “No.” Came the reply. “Me neither,” you said back, “Guess that’s why I’m so bad at making friends. I like to be alone.” 56 replied, “The only person you can trust is yourself.” Although that didn’t further the conversation, you had to agree. You had learned over the weeks that 56 wasn’t much of a talker, but neither were you. Often your conversations would hit a wall and you wouldn’t talk for hours, sometimes days. You became okay with that. You were just glad that he was there when you needed him, and would talk to you as a friend. - Your office had finally been repaired two weeks after the attack, and Hux allowed you to go back to work. You had also taken this time to go to the gym. You felt guilty that during your period of unemployment, you barely went to the gym at all. It was a nice feeling, getting up in the morning with a purpose again, and going to the gym. When you entered the gym you found yourself not alone. The man you had run into weeks ago was lifting weights near the corner of the gym. You set down your bag and he flinched at the noise, his dark eyes narrowing. He sat up from the bench, and gathered his bag in his hands. Turning towards you, he scoffed, and walked out the opposite end of the gym. Is there something wrong with me? You thought, running around the track, What is so wrong with me that he can’t be here at the same time? You didn’t let the encounter ruin your workout. You were glad to be back on the track, and glad to be going back to work. You felt real purpose. You wished that you could tell Hux you had been working on translating the tablet while you weren’t working, but that would be a lie. When you entered your office, it looked exactly the same as it had originally. You had a new computer and desk where you sat down, across from General Hux. “Thank you for being compliant in our investigation,” General Hux started, “Thankfully, we have caught the spy….This may come as a shock, but he was your doctor. That is why we questioned you. We didn’t know if you had been involved any way.” You scrunched your face up in confusion. Was Hux being… nice? “I brought you breakfast,” He gestured to the tray on your desk, “And I’ll be back at lunch if you have questions.” Nope, same old Hux , you thought as you watched him leave without another word. Getting down to work, you checked your datapad for messages. There was none from 56, you hadn’t spoken to him in days, and so you decided to say something. “Are you still opposed to telling me your name, 56?” You asked teasingly. At least, you hoped it would come off teasingly. You hadn’t tried to tease with 56 at all. For some reason you figured he wouldn’t really like it too much. The day went by quickly, with you translating more of the hieroglyphics and keeping track of their order. You were so close to finishing the tablet. You suspected that you would have it all translated in a couple weeks time. When the workday ended, you decided to check your datapad again for a message from 56. You had a notification and when you opened it, your eyes grew wide. You didn’t think he would actually tell you his name. But there, on your datapad, was a message from 56, saying, “Ben.” Notes: so this chapter was a lot longer than the last, thank goodness. i actually just completely revamped this fic- though you won't notice any difference, i've tweaked some things here and there for the plot to make more sense, be more exciting, and more descriptive. also in this chapter we finally get somewhere with the ever-elusive 56! and we find out who the resistance spy is. i knew some of you already had ideas about who it was, and you were correct! this is also one of the first times we get reader kinda showing her "dark-side" qualities-, even though she isn't a jedi, with the death of the doctor not really affecting her, and her questioning her mental state. there is so much more to come and im so excited to share it all! thanks everyone for the constant support <3 Chapter 10 : Not Scared Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben. It seemed like a fitting name. Short, like all of his messages to you had been. “Ben,” you replied, “My name is Y/n.” You weren’t nervous about giving him your name. It wasn’t necessarily a common name, nor was it unique. “Y/n,” He replied, “How long have you worked with the First Order?” Looking from your computer screen to your datapad, you thought about it for a second, and then replied, “I worked for three years at Starkiller base. I started when I was 23. Then I was moved when it was destroyed. I’ve been here at the new base for about 3 months now. What about you?” You hadn’t expected Ben to reply to your message at all. It was quite a personal question. Yet he was the one that brought it up in the first place. “8 years,” Came his reply, “I’m 30 now.” I can’t believe he gave me that information, you thought, Now I know his name and his age. As if reading your mind, he sent another message that read, “Don’t look me up. You will not find me.” You scoffed and set your datapad to the side, to continue working on translating the tablet, but your mind began to wander. You didn’t know why he was so opposed to meeting you. You wanted to know, at the least, what he looked like, so you could put a face to a name. You shook your head. You couldn’t afford to start daydreaming about a man you’d never met before. You’d told yourself for years that your only love was your work. - Later in the day, after work, you were sitting in bed, reading, when you got a new message. You set your book down and pulled grabbed your datapad. “Ben. It was a friend of my mother’s. I was named after him.” “I think it’s a nice name,” you replied, “My parents couldn’t agree on a name for me, so my mother named me after a character in her favorite book.” “I like your name.” You looked at the message from Ben. You weren’t sure why, but you could feel the blood creeping up onto your cheeks, and a silly smile twisting onto your face. “Thank you.” You replied. Ben didn’t reply, so you got up and got ready to head down to the cafeteria for dinner. The buffet and tables had been moved back into the large room, so you had more choices for dinner and seating. When you went to sit down with your tray, you found Commander Ren sitting at your table, across from your regular seat. He could have sat anywhere in this whole cafeteria, and he had to sit there… You sighed. You had to sit there, or else you would have to deal with your anxiety, and you were proud of how far you’d come with it. You no longer felt intimidated or anxious when you got meals, due to exercising. But you had to sit there, because if you moved, he would know you were intimidated. Scared. And the last thing you wanted was Commander Ren to think you were afraid of him. You walked slowly to your table, your hands shaking on your tray, and sat down in front of the Commander. You set your hands in your lap and looked up at him. You didn’t like not being able to discern his emotions, what he was thinking or feeling. All you could do was stare at the mask, hoping for a sign. But the only sign came when a dull pain entered your mind again. It wasn’t enough to make you go back to your quarters, or to find a medical droid for medication, it was just annoying. You knew enough about the Force to know that it sometimes left traces, and unfortunately, you were the victim of one of those traces. You smiled weakly in an attempt at confidence, trying not to let the pain in your head show. You pulled one of your hands from your lap to grab your spoon to eat your soup. You would occasionally look up at his mask, but tried to keep your eyes down at your soup. The mask made you uncomfortable, and it didn’t help that even sitting down, he was still a head taller than you. “You’re not scared.” You looked up suddenly, realizing he had talked. You swallowed hard, the hot soup burning your throat, causing you to momentarily forget about your head pain. “No,” It was true. You weren’t, and the feeling surprised you. You were surprisingly calm, even curious about him. This was the man that had tortured you, had killed thousands of people, yet his presence was somehow calming. “Why?” He asked. You could feel him looking at you as you stared down at your food, trying to think of an answer. “You’re powerful. Weak people are afraid of power,” You bit on your bottom lip, thinking, “But I recognize your power, and I respect it.” You even felt a twinge of jealousy thinking about the Commader’s position. You wanted to be powerful; to make a difference, but you were just a lowly historian that didn’t even get a “thank you” for her work. He was silent, thinking the answer over. You continued to eat your soup in silence, occasionally reaching for your water. As far as awkward situations went, this was up there. Definitely top five. “Do you know who I am?” You looked up, furrowing your brows. Was this a trick question? You knew he was Kylo Ren, Commander Ren, or Ren as Hux would call him. But you had a feeling he had meant more by the question. “Should I?” You asked, your voice high with curiosity. He obviously wasn’t pleased with the answer, because he stood up quickly, his cape and robes moving with him. He left the cafeteria. And you were alone. - “I just had the weirdest conversation with Commander Ren. I still can’t explain it.” You had returned to your room, sitting at your kitchen table with your chin in your hand. You had no idea what the Commander wanted. You messaged Ben as soon as possible, hoping that he would be able to shed some light on the conversation. But it was late, and you assumed him to be asleep. But you couldn’t sleep. Do you know who I am? What did that mean? Who else would he have been? You groaned and rested your forehead on the table. You weren’t going to get sleep tonight. You were going to be exhausted at work tomorrow and you knew it. You spent the whole night staring at the tablet on your datapad, trying to make notes and keep your attention on work, instead of that weird conversation. When you eyes started burning and you couldn’t keep your eyelids open anymore, you crawled into bed for a short nap before work. In the morning, you were so tired that hadn’t bothered to shower or put on makeup. You had only dragged yourself out of bed, groggy and sore to work. Work thankfully went by quickly, and you were almost done with translating the tablet by the time you left. You had only needed to translate 3 or 4 more symbols and you could start working on piecing the message together. You knew Hux wouldn’t be happy that it would take another two or three workdays, but you were proud of yourself. When you got to your quarters, you fell on the bed and just as you were falling asleep, you got a message on your datapad. You groaned and heaved yourself up onto your elbows, looking at the message. “I think we should meet.” Your hands were sweating and you frowned. “Why?” He responded immediately, “I think it’s time. I have things I need to show you. Things I need to say to you. This isn’t fair anymore.” Fair? This was all so fast. He had gone from you not wanting to know who he was, to wanting to meet you suddenly. What did he have to say that was so important? “I have to think about it, Ben.” “No,” he replied, “I need to meet you. You will see why. Tomorrow night. 2300 hours. The cafeteria.” You were so confused. The cafeteria? But that was where Commander Ren always was. What if he saw you meeting with Ben after hours and caught you? What would he think? You would definitely get in trouble, maybe even fired…and you didn’t want Ben to have to suffer… “I can’t, the Commander is always there. He’ll see us, we’ll get fired.” “Don’t worry about that,” his messages were becoming more frantic, “Just be there.” You swallowed hard. Ben was your friend, right? You had talked to him about your job, about the Commander, about your family, about Hux…you could trust him. You lay back down in bed. It was time for dinner but you had lost your appetite. Your anxiety was off the charts. You felt like your heart was about to burst out of your chest any second, and you could feel frustrated tears forming in your eyes. You closed your eyes, just wanting to sleep through the night and all day tomorrow. You fell asleep with the datapad in your hand, unawares to the last message Ben had sent. “Please.” Notes: uh oh! Ben wants reader to meet him, but will she??? will she finally find out who it is shes been talking to? what will happen to their friendship??? thanks again to everyone who comments, gives me kudos, or even just reads this fic. i appreciate it all so much!!! Chapter 11 : Understand Summary: You finally meet your pen pal. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You woke with a start. The lights in your room were still on and you were sprawled uncomfortably across the bed, still wearing your work clothes from the previous day. You had fallen asleep for 10 hours and needed to get ready for work already. You stumbled sleepily into the shower. You still couldn’t stop thinking about your conversation with Commander Ren from the night before. What did he mean? How was I supposed to know what he meant? You got out of the shower and checked the datapad. You saw the “Please” message from Ben and sighed. You felt uneasy about meeting him, but you knew you had to. He was usually so closed off in your conversations, and this was the first time he had ever shown any real emotion towards anything. It was the least you could do, for him. “Okay.” You replied before heading to work. You knew that day would be full of progress. With a full night’s sleep behind you, you had dove right into translating the rest of the tablet. When Hux had arrived with breakfast and asked how it was going, you’d waved him off, eating your food while looking at the computer screen. You were beginning to make a breakthrough when Hux interrupted you with lunch again.“Thanks,” you mumbled, distracted by your work. Only one more glyph…then I can finish it. You started grabbing at the lunch on your tray, stuffing it in your mouth quickly as you typed notes in your datapad. You hadn’t noticed Hux had gone until the door slammed shut. You looked up from your work to find yourself alone again. You sighed. You knew you needed to take a break, but you were so close. In University, professors would often comment on your hard work and love for your studies, and friends would make fun of you for preferring to stay in and read than to go out. Sometimes you got so deep in your work at school that you would forget to eat. An attitude like that had earned you many awards upon graduation. Awards that are useless in the real world, you sighed, In a time of war, nobody cares if you graduated top of your class…they only care what side you’re on, who you’re willing to kill. Nibbling on the last of your lunch, you continued making notes on the final glyph of the tablet. If you were lucky, you would get it done before the end of the day, and spend the next workday translating the grammar. But you were distracted, biting your lip and letting your mind wander instead of focusing on your work. Had Commander Ren wanted something from you? Did he know Ben? H ow would he know who Ben was? It’s all anonymous, and besides, Ben is a common enough name, there has to be so many on this base…but why did he act so angry when I said I didn’t know who he was? Was I supposed to answer, tell him I knew he was Kylo Ren? But everyone knows that…no, he wanted something different… You spent the next hour theorizing about Commander Ren’s words and before you knew it, work was done. You sighed, relieved. I can get the last glyph done tomorrow, and work on the grammar. I should have it done by tomorrow night. I know I can do it. You cleaned up your workspace and rushed to your room to take another shower. It was long, and when you got out, you realized you only had another two hours before dinner, and four before meeting Ben. What am I going to do for six hours? Rehearse my greeting to him? Finish a book? Study the glyph? You nodded at your last thought, staring at yourself in the mirror. You knew you had to work on the artifact tonight, because Hux would be angry with you if you didn’t have it done before tomorrow. You groaned at the thought, but knew deep down that you loved it. You loved your work, and history was the only constant in a world of change. You changed into pajamas, and sat down at your kitchen table, staring at your datapad, and making notes on another. While searching through your translations, you became vaguely aware that you hadn’t heard from Ben all day. Maybe he’s nervous to meet me, you bit your lip, I guess I’m nervous to meet him, too… You pushed the thoughts of Ben out of your mind and focused on the glyph. You only had one more to translate, and you needed to focus on finishing the translation before you could permit yourself to worry about Ben. After an hour of reading, translating and re-translating, cross-referencing with other translations, constantly typing and deleting theories, you had the correct translation. Sighing in relief, you leaned back in your chair with your head back. It wasn’t until you dropped your shoulders and took a deep breath that you realized how stressed and tense you were. You muscles ached from leaning over your table for hours, and your stomach grumbled from hunger. I did it. You laughed in spite of yourself. You knew you still had to figure out the grammar, but eight hours of work the next day would be enough time to do it. Your stomach grumbled and you checked the time. You reluctantly heaved yourself up off your chair, not wanting to take your eyes off of your workspace. You wanted so bad to stay at your table, working more on the tablet, but you knew you had to go to dinner. I need to keep my mind off of work until tomorrow morning, you thought, grabbing your datapad. You figured you would read at dinner, determined to not think about work, Commander Ren, or Ben for a while. You found the cafeteria empty when you arrived, although you had expected the Commander to be sitting at your table again. You were almost disappointed he wasn’t there, you wanted so badly to ask him what it was he meant by “Do you know who I am?” You took a seat at your usual spot and took your time eating dinner and reading on your datapad. You occasionally glanced out the windows, but the landscape was dark. Eventually you finished your dinner and walked back to your room. Usually you would have stayed up for another hour reading or working and then go to bed, but now you had to entertain yourself for two more hours before meeting with Ben in the cafeteria. So, you spent the night in bed, reading another book, like you had before when Ben had asked you about your parents. Why did he care? It was true, you and Ben had spent months talking, but it was mostly about shared interests. You found that his family traveled a lot when he was younger, and therefore became much of an introvert because of that, just like you were. He often talked about his favorite books or stories, though he would never tell you any stories when you would ask. But when you questioned him about his home planet, what his parents were like, were they still together? He had changed the subject, asking about Darth Vader. “Darth Vader,” you had typed, “ That’s a name I haven’t heard since University.” “And?” He had prodded. You had to think about your reply before saying, “He was one of the most powerful Sith to exist, there’s no denying that. There’s a lot of speculation on why he turned to the Dark Side, but I believe he was a good man, seduced by the powers of Darth Sidious…leaving his wife to die, and his child without a father…” It was true, you had learned much about Darth Vader and the Empire in one of your classes at University. You had learned about his life, growing up on Tatooine, training at the Jedi Academy on Coruscant, his descent into becoming Darth Vader, and ultimate redemption when he met his son, Luke. You found the story to be terribly sad. You were expecting a message from Ben, explaining his opinions on Vader. However, the only message you received said, “I see.” You had abandoned your book, mindlessly staring at the wall in front of you and thinking about the enigma that was your penpal. He was strange, closed up, and you felt sorry for him. Although he had never told you much about his family, you believed that his childhood was a lot like yours: spent alone, not fitting in, and desperately searching for meaning. You wanted to meet him simply so you could tell him he wasn’t alone, and that it was okay. You felt connected to him, due to your bond created over loving history and books. Though, you couldn’t help but to admit you felt another bond beginning to form. You saw so much of yourself in him. I want so badly to be understood, accepted… you thought, and knew Ben felt the same. - After a night of procrastinating after dinner, you knew you had to make your way to the cafeteria to meet Ben. You quickly threw on clothes, and checked yourself in the mirror before leaving. Why do I care what I look like? He’s just a friend, he won’t care how I look, if I’m attractive… then, you looked down at your clothes, your black sweats and black t-shirt, wondering if you should have worn something more presentable. No. Why am I thinking about this? Stop it. You moved slowly out of the door of your quarters, closing it quietly behind you. You took a deep breath, letting it all out when you looked down the hall. I hope I’m making the right decision, you thought as you began walking down the hall towards the cafeteria. What if someone catches me? I can’t run into anybody, they can’t see that I’m meeting somebody…there will start to be rumors, someone will tell Hux… You gulped, thinking immediately of a worse situation, Someone will tell Kylo Ren… You stopped in your tracks, your breath catching in your throat. You felt tears rising to your eyes and you wiped them away, your breath heavy and fast. You put a hand to your chest and could feel your heart beating hard. This is neither the time nor the place for an anxiety attack. I’ve been doing so well, facing the things that give me anxiety. I can do this, you thought, letting out a big breath. I can do this for Ben. With that thought, you straightened your back and continued walking down the hall. There had never been a longer walk to the cafeteria than this. You knew you had to meet Ben. As much as your body was protesting, you knew he needed you. He needed to see your face, make sure you were real . You stopped immediately at the entrance to the cafeteria. Taking a deep breath, you pushed one of the doors slowly, making sure not to make a sound. It was dark inside, and the lights flashed on as you walked in, pushing the door closed behind you. You took your regular seat. Your thoughts were moving fast. Your stomach was in knots, and you felt like you would throw up any second. You rested your head in your hands, feeling your sweaty skin on your temples. You were vaguely aware of the lights going out again due to your lack of movement. You sat in the dark, breathing fast, heart beating hard. I need to do this, you thought as you heard the cafeteria door open and close again. Oh no. You looked up, but the cafeteria was dark. You couldn’t see a thing, but heard footsteps falling closer to you as they moved. Why aren’t the lights going on? Is this a joke? You wanted so badly to cry out, to ask who was there, but your voice was caught in your throat. Paralyzed with fear, you shook in your seat, sweating as the footsteps stopped near your table. You looked around for anyone, anything, but it was all darkness. Nothingness. Movement in front of you; the rustle of fabrics, the scraping of metal against the floor. Finally, somehow, you found your voice. It had been trapped for hours, no, centuries, at the back of your throat, and when you spoke, it sounded weak, feeble. “Hello?” The sudden brightness of lights. You covered your eyes, and then blinked them open. Immediately you stared forward, at the person in front of you. Person, monster, man… “Kylo Ren.” You said softly, the air pushing out of your lungs like a balloon. You felt your body grow weak, your bowels turning to liquid. He sat in front of you; similar to the way he had before. But something was different this time. He sat with his elbows on his knees, and his masked head in his hands. The silver on his mask reflected brightly off of the cafeteria lights. “I…I don’t understand…” Your voice was weak, and you internally cursed yourself for it. You fool, stop acting like a child! No reply. You shook your head wildly. “What is going on? Are you punishing me for being out of my quarters after hours?” No reply. You were beginning to think back to your conversations with Ben. His responses were often short, if he replied at all. He often didn’t. “Are you…” you rested your head in your hands, “Are you firing me? Are you going to kill me?” Deep down inside, you already knew the answers to your questions, but you didn’t want to admit it to yourself. You were in denial. Anything but this. Movement, and you looked up. He was sitting up again, his mask facing you. “Do you now understand?” Your eyes narrowed in confusion. Immediately you realized. “Ben.” You hadn’t noticed the name had left your mouth until you saw his body stiffen at the sound. You also hadn’t noticed you were out of your seat and rushing for your room until you heard the slamming of your door behind you. Notes: guys, i am SO sorry that this chapter is later than usual! i went to a concert last night and didn't get to sleep until like 2am, and then i had class all day today before i could even think about posting this chapter. but omg.....it was worth the wait, right? Chapter 12 : A Picture Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) What is going on? You thought desperately, hot tears falling down your eyes as you fell into your bed. Kylo Ren isn’t Ben. He couldn’t be…he had to be punishing me. He knew. He knew about Ben. “Ben,” you growled out in anger, throwing pillows across the room. If that even is his name…it was Kylo Ren the whole time. Tricking me. Setting me up. I’ll no doubt be dead or fired by tomorrow morning. You shook your head at the thought. The Ben you had been talking to was dead. You wanted absolutely nothing to do with him. Especially if he’s Kylo Ren, you thought, but then another, more intrusive thought, asked, Why? What if he is Kylo Ren? Can the Commander not have feelings, too? You cried out at the thought. You hadn’t wanted any of this. You were dragged from your home planet to Starkiller base, and then to this new planet, to do your job. That was it. You were nobody, replaceable. You hadn’t wanted to get invested in other people’s lives, or become anyone’s friend. Except I had. New, angry tears fell down from your face at the thought. I listened to Kylo Ren talk about his feelings, about his parents, about his life. I listened to him talk about not belonging, not having any friends. We talked about books, shared interests…. You wanted to disappear, to sink into your mattress and never be found. You hadn’t signed up for this. You’d only wanted to do your job to help the First Order. What am I going to do now? - The thought was still fresh in your mind when you woke with a start the next morning. You had woken up before your alarm, with an hour to spare before starting work. You still had pent up emotions of frustration and anger from the night before, and decided it would be a good day to go to the gym. You noticed that it not only helped get out your frustrations, but it also improved your anxiety. You felt great afterwards, and often spent the rest of the day in a great mood, not afraid of anything. But you knew today would take a lot more than just exercising to get back to normal. As you walked to the gym, you couldn’t stop thinking about the night before. Every time a thought of Kylo Ren or Ben or whoever he was popped into your mind, your blood would boil and angry tears would form at your eyes. The worst part about all of this was that Ben was becoming a great friend. You never talked about anything meaningful, outside of families or interests, but it just felt nice to talk to someone after a long day at work. It gave you a sense of comfort and belonging that you hadn’t felt in awhile. You entered the gym in a sour mood, feeling a thousand emotions at once. Dropping your bag to your side, you walked towards the track, but noticed it was already in use. The man you had seen the other day, the one who got immediately spooked when he saw you, was running laps. It’s not that you felt weird sharing the track with someone, you just felt weird sharing the track with him. You walked closer to the track and yelled, “Hey, stranger!”. If you two were going to start sharing the gym at the same time, you wanted to at least try to be friendly. You needed a friend right now. He was on the opposite side of the track when he stopped at your voice and stared. Well, you thought he stared; you still weren’t able to make out any of his features. But you knew it was him, you could still make out his pale skin, long dark hair, and black clothes. You waved in a feeble attempt at friendliness, but he ran over to where his bag was, picked it up, and rushed out the same exit he had the first time you saw him. “What the hell is your problem?” You mumbled under your breath, before starting to jog on the track. It felt good to get out your frustrations, to push yourself to the point of breaking. You needed to feel something other than anger. You cried and screamed out in pain on your final lap, but it felt so good. Not having to think about anybody except for your body felt good. You had finally gotten the release you’d wanted for months now. Confused feelings about the death of the Doctor, frustration from work, anger at Kylo Ren, they were all gone during your workout, replaced by pain. After your workout, you lie on the track, tears falling from your face. Happy, accomplished tears. You were proud of yourself. You had been on this base, dealing with everyone else’s shit, including your own, for months now. You had been so close, so close, to breaking so many times and destroying your quarters or snapping at Hux for not getting a thank you…but you survived. You were okay, and in one piece. You anxiety had not gotten you, neither had your anger. Your muscles screamed out as you lie there, massaging the headache forming in your temples. You were okay. For now. - You spent the day at work, working on the grammar of the translations. When Hux brought breakfast, you were already a quarter done. At lunch, three quarters.An hour before the end of the workday, you solved it. You stared for a second at your work, holding your breath. I did it I translated it. It only took me another month, but I did it. You read over the translation again and again, making sure you got the grammar right. After the third read, what it said finally hit you, and you couldn’t wait to see Hux the next day at work to tell him. This was important. This could change the war. One step ahead of the Resistance… You stood up from your messy desk, holding the datapad with the translation tight in your hands. Where would I find Hux right now? You thought, scrambling out of your office. You hadn’t been on the bridge since your last job months ago, so you almost got lost while running through the hallways. People were scrambling to get out of your way, and you ignored the stormtrooper yelling, “Stop! Identification!” when you pushed past the bridge doors. You ran in, to see Hux deep in conversation with the Commander. Seeing Kylo Ren outside of your meeting the night before made your heart stop in your throat and stomach twist in knots. You were vaguely aware of stormtroopers holding your hands behind your back and moving you closer to where the General and Commander were arguing. The Commander and General Hux stopped arguing to look at you, detained by stormtroopers and waving your datapad wildly in your hands. You saw Kylo Ren’s hands clench into fists at the sight of you. No, no not any closer, please… you thought feebly, as the stormtrooper led you closer to the two men. One of the stormtroopers holding you tugged your datapad out of your hands and handed it to Hux. “General!” You shouted, receiving a blaster to the back, “General, I solved it.” Hux held up his hand for you to stop, and waved off the stormtroopers. They unhanded you and you felt to your knees. You could feel the Commander staring at you through his mask, but you kept you eyes on the General. Though the information did involve Kylo Ren, he was not the one you reported to. “Explain.” General Hux said, staring from you to the datapad. “Sir, this tablet…lets hope the Resistance hasn’t translated the stolen one,” You said breathlessly, standing up and rubbing your knees, “Sir, this tablet tells the coordinates of the First Jedi Temple .” General Hux stared at you, his eyes wide. “You are certain?” “As if my life depended on it.” You replied, and immediately the Commander pushed past you, out the door. You wanted to glare at him, to shove him back, but he was gone before you were able to turn around. “Well, Y/n, I believe you have just changed the game,” General Hux said, handing back your datapad, “Yes, let us hope the Resistance hasn’t translated the original, either.” With another glance at you, your eyes wild with enthusiasm and still clutching tightly to your datapad, he said, “You are dismissed.” You rushed out of the doors and down the hall to your room. Stormtroopers yelled at you again, but you didn’t care. You couldn’t believe you were the one who had found this information. You! I need to tell someone! You thought, closing the door to your room behind you, I need to tell… Your back slid down the door of your room, your hands dropping to your sides. You couldn’t tell Ben, because he didn’t exist to you anymore. You couldn’t tell your therapist, because he was dead. And a traitor. You had nobody. Suddenly, tears fell from your eyes and you cried out. You had always had a knack of pushing people away. “Why me? Why does this always happen to me?” You moaned, dropping your head into your hands, your shoulders shaking violently with your sobs. You weren’t sure exactly what you were referring to; it just felt right to say. Starkiller, the Doctor, the Commander, Ben…why did it always have to happen to you? Why couldn’t you just live a normal life at the First Order, doing your job in peace? - You woke up, lying in your bed. You weren’t sure when you had made it to your bed, but you somehow did. You wiped the dried tears from your face and and rubbed your eyes in confusion. You looked out the only window in your room, seeing only darkness. You hadn’t been that tired after work, how had you fallen asleep? You heard a beeping to your left, and looked over at your kitchen table. On it sat a datapad that was not yours. For a second, you wondered if you had accidentally taken Hux’s when you had met on the bridge. You got out of bed and walked silently over to it. The datapad was definitely not yours. Yours was silver on the edges, with a blue display screen. This one was silver, the screen red. Near the datapad was a datachip. You picked it up, and walked across the room to put it in your own datapad. “The Book of Sith,” you mumbled, reading the name of the book file on the datachip. You placed it on your bed and walked back to your kitchen table to the red datapad. And currently, the red screen was blinking, alerting you to a new message. You nervously clicked the notification, opening it up to a message log. There was one message. “Thank you." - You had the next week off, and spent it reading your new book on the strange red datapad. Although you had an idea who it belonged to, you weren’t sure how it had gotten in your room. Did Kylo Ren know where I live? Did he put it in my room while I slept? Did he… You blushed at the thought of Kylo Ren moving you into your bed while you slept. No, you thought, that’s a silly thing to think. You had tried to search the datapad for more information, but it had been wiped completely clean, besides the message you still had not replied to. After finishing half of the book, you decided to go searching on the datapad. Surprisingly, you found another file in its storage. Whether it was a mistake or not, you weren’t sure, but you opened it anyways. It was a picture file of three people. Two, a man and woman, embraced and smiling. The woman had fair skin, dark hair, and dark eyes. The man, who you assumed to be her husband, held her in his arms. He had sandy hair, tanned skin, and a crooked grin. Together, they each held a hand belonging to a child between them. The child could not be any older than 12 or 13, and had his mother’s pale skin, and dark hair, and his father’s nose. He wore the classic Jedi Learner robes you had seen so many times in books and holocrons at University. Under the picture read a caption: “Leia, and Han taking Ben to Uncle Luke.” You blinked a few times at the picture. Why had this been on the same datachip as the book? You now thought that it had been put there on purpose. Whoever this datapad belonged to (and you had a good idea who) had wanted you to see this. You closed the picture file and reached for the red datapad, staring at the “Thank you” message. You knew what you had to do, and you weren’t sure you had the strength. “Meet me tonight. Same place.” You set the datapad aside again, staring at your own and picked up the datachip again. You put it in your datapad, and pulled up the picture file. There was something familiar about the woman, and you couldn’t quite place it. Who was she? Why did her name sound so familiar? And who was Uncle Luke? That meant one of the parents in the picture had to be related to Luke…the child, Ben, wearing those robes…does that mean Uncle Luke is Luke Skywalker? The last Jedi? You spent the rest of the morning thinking about the picture and its significance, missing breakfast, and almost missing lunch. It was when you arrived in the cafeteria to get food that you realized why the name had sounded so familiar. Leia Organa. General of the Resistance…it couldn’t be the same person…could it? Leia’s twin brother was Luke Skywalker… But you still weren’t sure who the man in the picture was. Who was Leia Organa married to? Were they Ben’s parents? Was Kylo Ren trying to prove to you that he had been honest? When you finished lunch, you returned to your room, looking through many of your book files to find any information possible on Leia Organa and Luke Skywalker. But all the information you had found was the same, you had known it already. None of it was new to you. Once dinnertime came, you felt nervous. You were the one who had told Kylo Ren to meet you, but now you wanted to just stay in your room. You wanted to investigate his past more. It’s impossible. There’s nothing about him. It’s all about his parents. You knew that to learn more about him, you would have to ask him. You walked down to the cafeteria to find it empty. Except for him, sitting across from your usual seat. He didn’t stir when you got food, and didn’t move when you sat down with your tray of food in front of him. “Don’t you eat?” You asked, taking a bite of your own food, “I’m sure it’s hard to eat with that mask, though,” You said, looking up at his mask. “You wanted to talk.” He said. You nodded, chewing your food, and looking down at your knees. Your defenses were down. You didn’t want to talk anymore. “Yeah, I did,” you said, resting your chin in the palm of your hand. “I saw…I saw the picture. Of you.” If he knew what you were talking about, he made no notice. “Your mother is Leia Organa, the Resistance General. Your uncle is Luke Skywalker. You trained with him, didn’t you?” He didn’t move. You felt uncomfortable, uneasy. You knew he wouldn’t kill you, but you suddenly wanted to be back in your room, alone. “What happened?” You mumbled, looking up at him with narrowed eyes. You searched his mask for any sign of emotion, but there was none. You wished you could see beyond the mask, to tell what he was feeling. You looked down at your hands. “This isn’t going to work. Not with the mask on.” “The mask stays on." You looked up, surprised he replied. “Then you need to talk to me.” “Not here.” He said through the voice distortion. You sighed and continued picking at your food. “Fine,” you mumbled, looking up at him, your voice more confident, “Then meet me in my office tomorrow after my workday is done. Then we can talk." You got up and put your tray away. This time, you didn’t look back. Notes: hello friends! heres a bit of a longer chapter for you all! i will be honest, writing this fic has been a struggle for me recently. it seems ive hit a wall, and im not entirely sure how to end it. ive had a bit of a writer's block for about three weeks now. because of that, i started a new fic called What Once Was and if youre interested in reading it, you can just find it under my username. ill be updating that one once every week. but i promise i wont abandon you all! i love writing this story, and cant wait to see how it ends. also, sorry to be back to the regular twice a week posting schedule, ive gotten really busy again with my classes. but thank you so much for all the kind comments and kudos! <3 Chapter 13 : Run Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After a day off, you returned to work in your new office. Hux was already there, looking anxious. “Y/n,” he greeted as you took your usual seat across from him, “We have men leaving tomorrow morning at 0700 to retrieve the stolen artifacts from the Resistance Base,” He paused, as if waiting for your reaction, “And we’d like you to go with them.” Your breath hitched in your throat, and you felt your eyebrows fly to the middle of your forehead. You were just a historian, you’d never been part of the military, had never even been in a warzone. “Me? Sir, that’s probably not the best idea,” You stammered, “I can’t…I have no self-defense skills, I don’t even know how to fire a blaster.” “You won’t be needing to,” General Hux said, his cold eyes narrowed as he stared right through you, “Due to our spies we have stationed near the base, we think we know where the artifacts are. There will be a military escort. Your only job is to go in and retrieve the artifacts. Of course, you will be trained to use a blaster.” Your mind was spinning. How had you gone from a nobody to joining stormtroopers on a Resistance raid? “Sir, I really can’t-“ “You’re going, and that’s an order,” Hux snapped, his voice echoing around the room, “Meet me tonight after work in room 250 for your fitting. Until then, I need you to search holofiles for the locations of the Temples. We need all of the information we can get.” “Will do,” you mumbled, grabbing a handful of holos full of maps near Hux and bringing them to your desk. Hux left without another word, leaving your mind still full of questions. How did he think allowing you to go on a mission was a good idea? You did terrible under stress, and didn’t want to even think about jeopardizing the mission. And then there was the fact that you had told Commander Ren to meet you at work that day, and now you weren’t able to attend. Would he be angry? Would he kill you? Torture you? You shivered at the thought. You spent the whole day staring at maps and comparing them with your translations. It was boring work that made your head hurt, but you still preferred it to staring at a computer screen all day. You tried your best not to think about your impending meeting with the Commander. What would he tell you, if he would tell you anything at all? Would he be angry you wouldn’t be meeting him on time? Will I ever get to see what’s behind that damn mask? You wondered, Has anyone seen him without his mask? Suddenly you had a thought of the Commander as an actual person, not an enigma or authority figure. A man, with a life similar to yours, who has probably loved and lost just like you. Love, you thought, staring at a map and making notes on your datapad, I wonder if he’s ever been with someone, if he’s ever loved anyone…if he even has the capacity to. - After work, you cleaned up your desk and put the holos away in a filing system near your desk. You hadn’t made progress at all, yet you didn’t think you would. You weren’t nearly as good at reading maps and Hux had expected you to be. You made your way across the base to the room Hux told you to meet in. He was already in there, along with a couple stormtroopers. You could feel your insides beginning to twist into a nervous ball as you entered the room, wanting immediately to return to your quarters. Hux turned at the movement, and motioned for you to come closer to him. You walked slowly, your legs turning to jelly with every step. You didn’t want to do this, to be apart of this mission, but you had to. Hux motioned to the stormtroopers and they left the room, coming back with a small handheld blaster and holding it out for you to take. You glanced wearily to Hux who was staring down at his datapad, and then took it in your hand. The small weapon sent waves of nervous energy, and even excitement up your arm. You had never held a weapon before. It was exhilarating. You instinctively brought it up, aiming across the room at a wall in front of you. “Firing a blaster is quite self-explanatory,” came Hux’s voice and you looked to see him staring up at you from his datapad, “Make sure the safety isn’t on, and pull the trigger to fire.” You aimed again to the wall across from you, clicking the safety off, and closing one eye. You pulled the trigger and felt the kickback from the blaster as the jet of red plasma emerged from the weapon and sunk into the durasteel wall in front of you, leaving a dark mark where it was absorbed. You watched as Hux nodded in approval. “That’s really all there is to it.” He motioned for you to put the weapon away and you slid it into the front pocket of your work pants after clicking the safety off. “You will have an escort of stormtroopers, but we need you to be armed otherwise you are a liability.” There it was again, Hux’s charm. “Thank you, sir,” You said, now self conscious of the weapon in your pocket, “I won’t let you down.” He gave you a cold smile and left the room with the two stormtroopers behind him. You felt the anxiety and nervousness leave your body as soon as he left. You glanced around, hoping to find windows to see what time it was, but it was no use. You were going to meet with Commander Ren, and regardless of the time, he would be angry. You walked silently through the hallway and back to your office, which was now locked. Maintenance had already come and shut the room up for the night, so you decided to head to your quarters. The massive door slid open after you placed your hand on the scanner beside it, and you stepped into the dark room. You switched on the lights and saw him sitting at your kitchen table. It would have been a funny sight- Kylo Ren, Commander of the First Order, and powerful Force-user sitting casually at your table and reading through your notes- but you were too struck with fear to even move, let alone laugh. He looked up from the datapad of notes he was reading, and you felt immediately self-conscious. It didn’t help that you were frozen in fear, too anxious to move. “You’re late,” He said from behind the mask. Not threateningly, but there was enough sarcasm to make you suspicious of his motives. “How did you get in here?” You asked. You wanted to ask the more important question, why? but you didn’t have the nerve. At some point, you crossed the room to set the blaster down near your bed and kick off your shoes. “Is your name even Ben?” You mumbled, staring across the room at him from your seat on the bed. The question had been gnawing at your mind since you had met him in the flesh, and you needed to know. His head moved to the side, looking away from you for a moment. “Yes.” You nodded. He didn’t seem to be angry that you were late, didn’t even ask where you were. Had he known? “Were you being honest in our conversations? About your family? Your feelings?” He hesitated, then, “Yes.” You nodded, biting your lip. Now we’re getting somewhere. “Did you…did you even like talking to me?” He looked back at you, his hands in fists. “You’re intelligent. Quick-witted.” He said. You took that as a yes. “I liked talking to you, too,” You said quietly. And I still want to, you thought, He’s the same person. Nothing has changed. But you almost shook your head at the stupid thought. Everything has changed. Kylo Ren sensed your uneasiness, and said, “I’d like to continue talking to you.” You looked up. You hated his stupid mask. It was difficult to tell what he was truly feeling, if he was being honest. But you had a feeling that the Commander did not have any friends, anybody to talk to. So, you nodded. “Yes.” And with that, he left the room. You had no idea what to make of the conversation. Was he going to continue meeting you after work? Was he going to message you on your strange red datapad? He was an odd person, completely closed-up, and never wanting to talk about his feelings. But why did he want to continue talking to you, then? Surely there was something you did, something you said that made him want to open up. I volunteered to be his friend, you thought, while getting ready to go to dinner, He clearly doesn’t have any. - You woke up the next morning before your alarm sounded. The one large sun the planet orbited hadn’t even decided to rise yet. Your mind had been racing too for you to even think about sleeping. You were worried about your impending invasion on the Resistance Base, and also about Commander Ren. You woke up with an uneasy feeling in the pit of your stomach, wishing you could just call in sick. After lying in bed for what seemed like hours, you finally got up. There was a fresh set of clothes, including armor, lying on your kitchen table you assumed a laundry droid had brought. Just staring at the armor made your stomach do flip-flops. You took a quick shower in the refresher to wake yourself up before putting on the underclothes, and then the armor. It wasn’t unlike stormtrooper armor, but it was more lightweight and suited for the casual user. There was even a holster for your blaster. You dragged your legs to the cafeteria where you ate a silent and quick breakfast. The food helped calm your stomach, but not your nerves. Stormtroopers standing around you were socializing and joking with one another as if they had done this a thousand times. Which, after you thought about it for a second, they probably had. Finally, it was time to meet General Hux in the hangar. There was already a small troop of stormtroopers there gathered around a large transport, as well as an Upsilon-class Shuttle. You stared in amazement at the winged ship before realizing your mouth hung open in awe. “Amazing, isn’t it?” You turned to one of the stormtroopers near you, and nodded in reply. “We only get to ride in the transport, but I’d give my left arm to ride in that baby,” He said again through his helmet, “FN-1188, but my friends just call me Eighty-Eight.” “Y/N,” You replied, “I’m just the historian.” You laughed nervously, realizing for the first time just how insignificant of a role you had. But Eighty-Eight seemed impressed. “Wow. So you’re the historian. You must be pretty important.” You furrowed your eyebrows, letting a nervous chuckle escape your throat before you shouted a “Why?” Over the roar of TIEs leaving the hangar. “You’re riding in the Command Shuttle!” Eighty-Eight yelled back, before motioning for his troop to follow him into the transport. You watched as the transport filled with stormtroopers and took off into space, following the TIEs. You hadn’t realized your eyebrows had been furrowed until you looked around you to find both General Hux and Commander Ren walking through the hangar towards you. You straightened yourself subconsciously at their arrival, and fell into step behind them as they led the way to the Command Shuttle. “Strap in,” Commanded a middle-aged pilot from the cockpit, and you did so back in the belly of the ship. You watched as Kylo Ren took the co-pilot’s seat, and began prepping the ship for takeoff. You held back an impressed nod as your line of sight fell to the stormtrooper seated across the way. Their armor was silver, reflecting the deep reds and blues from the inside of the shuttle. They were taller than you by at least a foot, and you felt simultaneously intimidated and safe near them. You wanted to say something to them, to try to calm your nerves, but your words caught in your throat as you felt the ship lunge. “Prepping for hyperspace,” Your heard the co-pilot say from the cockpit, and you stomach dropped. This was the last place you wanted to show any weakness, but it was hard to hide just how much you hated flying. Another lunge as the ship took off, and a change in gravity as you felt the ship leave the hangar. Then you felt the ship tug back, and then forward, and you saw the unmistakable bright blues and whites of hyperspace through the cockpit window. You wanted to convince yourself that the worst was over, but you knew the worst was yet to come. It seemed like hours before you dropped out of hyperspace. There were no windows back where you sat during the flight, so you had to rely on a small view of a temperate planet through the cockpit window. The ship landed smoothly, and you breathed in the fresh air as you descended the ramp into a hilly area covered in grass. It was a welcome sight after being surrounded by snow for months. You watched as Commander Ren and the silver stormtrooper walked past you and met with the troop of stormtroopers as they gathered around the transport. Feeling anxious, nervous, and unsure of what to do, you followed. “This should be an easy mission,” The silver stroomtrooper called through her helmet, “Kill only when necessary, and take no prisoners. We should be out of here before the sun sets. Are we clear?” You fell into step behind the troop of stromtroopers, but you couldn’t take your eyes off of Commander Ren. It’s not like you expected him to suddenly be your best friend, but you at least expected something to have changed between the two of you since the night before. It was difficult to hide your feelings towards your friendship, but you knew you would have to until you got back to the base. The first hour of the mission included silent marching, and you wished that you’d had Eighty-Eight back so you had someone to talk to. You followed behind the troop of stormtroopers, with two others following behind you, as the silver stormtrooper and Kylo Ren led the way across the grassy planet. Finally, when it seemed to you that nothing would ever happen, the whole troop stopped and broke your rank to stand beside Commander Ren. You stood at the edge of a hill, overlooking a small grass-covered shelter. If you hadn’t stumbled upon it, you wouldn’t have even noticed its existence. But you expected finding it so quickly had something to do with Kylo Ren’s Force abilities. “This is it, isn’t it?” You asked quietly. He didn’t reply, but you knew the answer to your question anyways. A few commands were shouted by the silver stormtrooper and then she and the other stormtroopers broke off into separate groups as Kylo Ren led the way down the hill. “Do you think they’ll be here?” You asked silently, but again he didn’t reply. He seemed as nervous about the mission as you. Once everyone was on level ground, the silver stromtrooper commanded some other orders, and led the way towards the shelter. You followed close behind, but still weary about the mission. Where was everybody? Wouldn’t the Resistance base have more security? “Our spies have estimated the location of the stolen artifacts would be in this wing of the base,” The silver stormtrooper said to you, motioning for you to come closer to her as she led the way, “Do you think you can find them?” You nodded silently, your words still caught in your throat due to your nerves. Kill when necessary. You had never killed anyone before, and you didn’t want to start now. You hoped the inside of the base would be as quiet as the outside. You finally approached what looked to be an entrance, and a couple stormtroopers blasted the door open. But there was no alarm when everyone filed in, nor were there any shouts of panic when Kylo Ren’s lightsaber ignited and lit the hallways up with red light. What was going on? Kylo Ren seemed to sense your anxiety, or maybe he was feeling the same way, because once inside, he commanded everyone to stop and stay silent. For a few minutes, you stood in the dark corridor, the only sound coming from the red lightsaber as it hissed and cracked. “We’re leaving,” He suddenly commanded, his tone commanding and harsh, but you sensed anxiety there too. His uneasiness did nothing to make you feel better. The silver stormtrooper commanded everyone out, but it was no use. You heard the sound of gunfire before you had even gotten outside. X-Wings were already flying high above your heads and TIE fighters chased after them. For a moment, you were stuck staring upward at the dogfight, green and red lighting up the sky around you and smoke rising from the hills. “It was a trap!” You heard the familiar voice of Eighty-Eight shout, and it snapped you out of your daze, “We need to go!” He was yelling to nobody in particular, and was motioning for stormtroopers to follow after him to shelter. You ran after him, watching as stormtroopers got knocked down from shots from above. You wanted to help them, but you cold only run. But then, you were momentarily distracted by a familiar hiss and snap from behind you. You turned quickly to see him, lightsaber in hand, blocking any shots the X-Wings made from above. He was a blur, swinging his lightsaber at any stray blaster shots from the Resistance fighters, the red of his lightsaber following his every move. You felt emotions you hadn’t felt in years stir inside of you- hope, longing, and there was something else there, something you purposely ignored. But it was there as you watched his tall figure move swiftly, agile and strong as he protected his fighters. And then he turned quickly, hand outstretched towards you, and for a moment it was like you could hear his voice in your mind. Run! It shouted, but you didn’t. You couldn’t. You stood still as the carnage erupted around you, ears hurting from the sounds of blaster shots and gunfire coming from the ships. For a split second, you saw his face, though you had never seen him without his mask before- eyes wild with fear, with terror, pleading for you to go, to leave him behind. And then you looked around at the fallen stormtroopers, their immaculate white armor splattered with blood and dirt, others alive with blasters in hand, aimed up at the sky. But then...it was only he and you, and then nothing. Notes: a much longer chapter for you all since i posted this late!! the midterm struggle is so real right now, so im very thankful for you all being so patient as i balance school and my posting schedule. that being said, i plan on updating this every monday and/or friday, and What Once Was every wednesday. how was this chapter??? this was my first time ever writing anything like action, so i hope i did okay. one of my main problems with reading books/fics with action sequences is that they get hard to picture or even just straight up boring (im looking at you, jk rowling), so i tried to make this as clear as possible. someone guessed a few chapters ago that there would be a rescue to save the lost artifacts, and you were correct! thank you so much again for the kudos and comments you all leave me <3 its always such a great feeling to post a new chapter and wake up or come back from class and check my email and see all this great feedback! :) Chapter 14 : Regret Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You awoke to shouting. You hadn’t opened your eyes yet, letting the vibration below you lull your mind into a calm state as you listened to the voices around you. “-they were expecting us, Phasma, how did they know to expect us?” You knew that voice. Boyish but strong, but now strained with anger and frustration. Whoever Phasma was didn’t reply. You forced yourself to open your eyes, and your landscape around you formed into the interior of the Command Shuttle. You tried picking up your body, to let Eight-Eight know you were okay, but it was too heavy. You blinked more of the interior of the shuttle into focus and saw the silver stormtrooper, Phasma, sitting away from you. To your left, Eighty-Eight sat with his helmet by his side, staring up towards the cockpit where the pilot and Commander Ren sat. “It was just supposed to be a recovery mission,” Eighty Eight said again, “We lost fifteen men.” Your heart sank. Fifteen men? There couldn’t have been more than twenty on the transport. Your mind quickly returned to the scene you had witnessed before you had passed out- stormtroopers being shot down by X-Wings, others lying already dead. The memory made your stomach churn and you thought for a moment you were going to be sick. You forced the top half of your body up on your elbows and heard Eighty Eight turn to towards you. For half a second, you were embarrassed to be seen by him. You expected you didn’t look too attractive. “You’re okay,” He said, and you considered the way he looked without a helmet. Striking blue eyes, a small scruff of a beard, and his shoulder length hair brought back in a ponytail around his neck. Now, he was smiling. “Thank you,” You said, your voice sounding foreign in your own throat. You watched as Eighty-Eight’s smile turned into a small laugh. “I’m a stormtrooper- its my job, kid,” He replied, and you couldn’t help but to smile. He couldn’t have been more than five years your senior, yet there was something endearing about being called “kid”. “What happened?” You asked then, propping yourself up more on your elbows on the small cot you lie on. You remembered being ambushed by the Resistance, remember it being a trap, remember seeing Kylo Ren…but after that, your memory was a dark hole. “It was a trap,” Eighty-Eight said, confirming part of your memory, “Phasma and I ordered the troopers to abandon, to run to shelter. We were outnumbered, but a lot of them stayed to fight…we lost fifteen of our squad…good men. Strong men.” You watched as his armored hand clenched into a tight fist, “And then I saw you. You were just standing there. We couldn’t just leave you. So I ran towards you, to get you to follow me, but you just passed out. So I picked you up and ran with you to the transport. Luckily they had gotten our distress call and were already there. And we’ve been in hyperspace since.” The clenched fist relaxed as he looked down at you, his blue eyes soft. His eyes moved away from you then, as if he was self conscious of his own gaze. “One of our informants was wrong, or a spy for the Resistance,” He spoke again, this time his voice soft, “Why does this keep happening?” You opened your mouth to reply, but a small medical droid whizzed down the corridor towards you, checking the bacta patches that covered burns on your stomach and legs. You listened as the droid chattered away to itself, replacing the old patches, and checking your temperature. Finally, you tore your eyes away from the droid to look at Eighty Eight again. He was watching the droid too, as if he didn’t know what to say, either. “Thank you, Eighty-Eight,” You said again, and his blue eyes widened in confusion, “Seriously, you saved my life. Thank you.” He smiled again, and you could feel heat creeping up to your cheeks as he stared at you. You only realized you were smiling when you heard bootsteps coming your way and felt the smile disappear. Eighty-Eight placed the helmet back on his head and stood at attention along with Phasma on the other side of the corridor. Kylo Ren came into view then, towering over where you lie on the cot. He waved Phasma and Eighty-Eight away and closed the door behind him as he crossed the small room to where you lie. You watched as he stood over you, his hands clenched in tight fists, waiting for him to speak. “You almost cost us the whole mission,” He growled from beneath the mask. His commanding tone caused the small medical droid to quickly finish its work and then buzz away in the other direction. You watched it go past, avoiding the man’s eyes. “Did you withhold information from the First Order?” You were on your feet so quickly that you ignored the fresh bacta patches on your burns and the pain coming from beneath them. “How dare you assume such a thing,” You snapped back. The vertigo from the painkillers was starting to hit you now, and with the adrenaline gone you struggled to stand up straight, but you were going to hold your ground for as long as possible, “I would never.” He continued to stare at you and you took the lull in the conversation as a cue to sit back down on the medical bed, but you kept your guard up. You were worried Kylo Ren would use your current vulnerability to his advantage and interrogate you once again. But the moment never came, and you continued to stare across the room, eyes cast down and away from the man in front of you. Finally, you heard movement, and then the sound of the door sliding open and closing again. You breathed a sigh of relief and lay back down on the hard table where you fell asleep. - When you woke up again you were in a medbay, and snow was falling down gently outside the large windows that encompassed the room. You were on a more comfortable bed this time, surrounded by others. Some were stormtroopers still in their armor from the neck down; other beds had the curtains pulled around them. Your eyes finally came to rest on the person in the seat next to you. “My father was a smuggler.” You didn’t expect him to speak with you at all, especially since your disagreement and his suspicions about your allegiance. But here he was, sitting in the visitor’s chair next to your bed. You took time to think about his statement before you spoke. Then you asked, “A smuggler?” “Yes,” he replied, beginning to pace around the medbay, hands behind his back, “He was also a pilot, then he raced speeders. That was a life he had chosen for me. He wanted me to attend the academy when I became of age.” “What about your mother?” You asked, and he stopped pacing, to gaze out of the window. The dull lights in the medbay allowed his figure to blend in with your surroundings. His voice was soft below the distortion, as if he was worried he would wake up the other patients. “My mother…” he seemed to be pondering the question, “You know who she is, what she does.” You nodded in reply. Yes, you had read about Leia Organa at University. You imagined how hard it must have been for her to tend to her son while she was so active in the Resistance. “My father made fake lightsabers,” you said, shrugging, attempting to lighten the mood, “My mom owned a cantina.” Commander Ren continued pacing, and said, “I see.” You bit the inside of your lip, a nervous habit of yours, and your eyes followed him as he walked, “They were really big into politics, both of them. Never actually joined the Resistance, but…they’d always talk about how much they hated the First Order. How they never wanted to see me join them. I was so young, I didn’t know the difference.” “Then why are you here?” Kylo Ren asked in reply. He had stopped pacing and was near your bed again, but he continued to stare outside. “I was captured. The day of my University graduation, the First Order attacked my planet. They took me and trained me to be an air flight operator. Then I got this job.” You said, “Why didn’t you become a pilot like your dad?” Kylo Ren stopped pacing, and looked to you. “Another day,” he said, walking out of the medbay. You lay back down on the bed, confusion settling in. You were glad Kylo Ren was deciding to open up to you now, but weren’t sure why he had chosen you. You spent a restless night in the medbay, between anxiety about returning to your job and nightmares including Kylo Ren. At 0600 you awoke to a presence over your bed, and found a medical droid checking the bacta patches over your body. After it was done, it dismissed you and let you gather your things and return to your quarters. You changed quickly into your work clothes after a shower in the refresher, and you half-jogged to your office, so as to not anger General Hux. But General Hux wasn’t there when you arrived. In fact, he arrived only hours after you had begun work. “Commander Ren has shown suspicions regarding you,” He said without a greeting. You felt your stomach tighten into a knot as you looked up from your work. You didn’t want to suffer through another interrogation with Kylo Ren. “Fortunately, I have no reason to suspect you,” Hux continued, and you felt the knot in your stomach partially loosen, “And the First Order thanks you for your cooperation.” You stared at Hux a moment longer, your brows furrowed, before he left the room. Had someone put in a good word? - Days passed before you made progress with either Kylo Ren or your work. You realized that talking to Kylo Ren was similar to when you were talking to him as Ben. He would often arrive to your meetings, and spend anywhere from fifteen minutes to an hour talking about history or politics. You came to learn that he was very smart, and well-read in the political environment. You assumed he had to be, since he was such a prominent figure in the First Order. He was not only learned in politics, but in other subjects as well. He explained in one of your meetings together that because he was often alone as a child, he spent a lot of time reading. “I became an recluse,” he had said, standing again by the window and staring outside, “I had no friends, nobody understood me, my power, so I began reading…students at the Academy would often tease me for it.” You found yourself enjoying meeting with him, even if it was only talking about history. He listened to you, asked intelligent questions, and seemed genuinely curious about your work. Despite the voice distortion on his mask, you came to enjoy how calming his voice was. You were also surprised that his presence in your office became welcome, almost calming. When he would arrive, it would be like a breath of fresh air. A feeling of tranquility and contentedness would overcome you, and you would no longer feel any anger or anxiety from the day. You found this feeling odd; especially after all of the stories you had heard about Kylo Ren and his outbursts. But you realized early on in your talks that he was much more levelheaded than you imagined. You chalked it up to his years of training in the Force. One day, however, he stalked in, and you could feel his anger radiating off of him, coming off in waves. “Bad day?” You asked as he began pacing around the room, his hands clenched in fists at his sides. “It is none of your concern.” He replied gruffly, and you asked no further. You knew the easiest way to get him to calm down was to let him burn off steam. So while he paced, you went back to your work, looking at the pile of maps. In recent days, you had found a couple holomaps that looked as though they would be connected in some way to the tablets. You had narrowed it down to the landform shapes on both the map and artifacts, and started there. However, so far you hadn’t found anything, but you felt you were on the edge of a breakthrough. You knew you shouldn’t be working outside of your normal workday hours, but you couldn’t help yourself. You were so curious, so eager to get answers. “It’s my father.” Commander Ren finally said, and you looked up to see him sitting down in a chair near you. He had never sat down in your meetings, and you were caught off-guard. He was letting you see him vulnerable. “What about him?” You asked, turning away from your work to face him. He looked up at you from where he had been staring at the ground. You still couldn’t see his eyes through the mask, but you knew he was staring. Searching you for something. But for what? “It was supposed to make things easier. But it hasn’t.” He said quietly, still staring at you, You had no idea what he was talking about, but you nodded, pretending like you understood. “I still see his face.” He said even quieter than before, and resting his masked head in his hands. You furrowed your brows in deeper confusion. What was he talking about? What had he done? You bit your lip and looked at the floor. You had never been good at comforting people. “Have you ever done something you’ve regretted?” He asked, and your head snapped up. He was staring at you again. You nodded. “Yes,” you said, rubbing the back of your neck and staring at your feet, “Yes, I…everyone I get close to, I end up pushing away. It just happens. I don’t know why. I guess you could say I regret burning all of the bridges I had before even having time to walk over them.” You looked up to see him still staring at you. His gaze made your heart stop in your chest and your stomach flip-flop. You felt a blush rising to your cheeks and you immediately looked away. “Um,” you said, clearing your throat, “About your dad…whatever you did, I’m sure he’ll forgive you,” You looked up at him again, “You’re his son.” He pondered that for a moment, and looked back down at the floor. You stared at him while he did this, your cheeks still hot. What was he thinking? How was he feeling? What had he done? “His son is gone.” And with that, he got up from the chair in a flurry of black and walked out of the door. Notes: hello! here's a new chapter for you all! dont worry- i definitely havent abandoned the Eighty-Eight plotline. i introduce his character on a whim and i came to actually really enjoy him. i think reader needs a new friend who isnt kylo ren haha. so if youre an Eighty-Eight fan be prepared! also- following the last chapter ive been completely writing in a few new plot things throughout the story so it might take me a little longer to update just because now i'll have a lot more to edit. but don't worry, it shouldn't effect the overall story i hope everyone had a good weekend! im up bright and early for class at 8:30 today so i thought i would update real quick. also: i got my star wars tattoo! heres the link: https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/57oq2g/got_this_an_hour_ago_and_couldnt_be_happier_with/ (sorry for the reddit link but all the info & etc. is in there haha) thanks everyone for the comments and kudos! <3 Chapter 15 : Friends Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) In days following your meeting with Ren, you couldn’t get his words out of your mind. I still see his face. What had he meant by that? What it Luke Skywalker? if he had done something to the Jedi, you would have heard about it no doubt from Hux. And then there was the feeling you’d had when he looked at you. When his stare was so intense, so strong that it made you physically feel something. It was just a stupid Jedi mind trick, you tried to tell yourself, but you knew otherwise. I can’t care for him, you had thought, He’s the Commander. I can’t be friends with the Commander. That’s like trying to be friends with General Hux. Yet, deep down, you wanted it to happen. You hadn’t had a friend in so long, and forgot what it was like to be around someone who understood you. You enjoyed your time with Commander Ren. He made you feel happy, understood. The feeling you got when he walked into the room was something you hadn’t felt in a long time. When not with him, you missed him. You would often think about finding his quarters, just to hear him talk so passionately about history or politics. It cannot happen, you thought. Friendships are built on trust, and I am unable to trust him. What with all of the stories about him killing or torturing people who got in his way…that cannot happen to me. If he grew tired of me, who’s to say he wouldn’t just kill me? You spent the next couple days simply going through the motions at work. Every day you would stare at maps, not find anything, stay after work for the Commander, and be disappointed when he didn’t arrive. You wondered for a while if he had been away at work, but hearing stormtroopers talk about how he destroyed two different rooms in two consecutive days proved otherwise. You knew you shouldn’t miss him, shouldn’t let yourself become attached to him, but it was difficult. You had already learned so much about each other, and letting him talk to you had to be helping. On the fourth day, you cleared up your desk and got ready to walk out the door when you ran into something. No, someone. You looked up and saw the Commander standing in front of you, and your heart skipped a beat. He took a seat near you again as he had days ago and said, “I’m ready to talk.” You sat down in front of him and nodded. “I started exhibiting strength in the Force at a young age,” he started, resting his elbows on his knees and looking at you, “My mother was proud. But up until then, the plan had been for me to train as a pilot, like my father. Eventually he left after I went to train with my Uncle.” He sighed and stopped for a moment “I was so angry,” He said, his hands balling into fists, “The last time I saw him, he was sending me to train with Luke. Master Luke taught me to forget my anger, to pursue knowledge, peace…but I couldn’t. I resented my father for what he had done, who he wanted me to be. Who I could not be…I started resenting Master Luke. He was teaching me to do things with the Force I could have never imagined, but it was not enough. He would not teach me what I wanted. I wanted revenge. I used anger to fuel my power…It is not the Jedi Way.” “There was…another teacher. Master Luke warned us of him, of his power. But I was young…angry at my parents and at my Master. I let him seduce me to the Dark Side…I let him control me,” He finally released his clenched hands, and said in a quiet voice, “I destroyed my Master’s academy. Everything. Everyone.” He rested his covered head back in his hands. “A new Jedi would rise. I would need to…to show my devotion to my new Master before I sought to destroy Master Luke and the new Jedi,” he stopped. You could see him shaking, either with anger or sadness, you could not tell, “Six months ago, my father arrived at Starkiller base. He tried to get me to come back home. Home would never be the same; it never was since he left. I was so angry …I killed him.” You stared at him, unbelieving. You knew he had done bad things, but you never knew he had killed his father. A thousand thoughts and emotions ran through your head at once. You took a deep breath, and he looked up, as if he had forgotten you were there Immediately he got up to leave, and you said, “Wait! Don’t go.” He turned on his heel, staring at you. “Don’t go,” you said, still shaking your head slowly, “We agreed months ago that we would help each other. Remember?” He seemed unsure, but he nonetheless walked slowly back to his chair across from you and sat down. You swallowed hard. “Nobody has ever told me anything like that about themselves. I promise I won’t tell anyone.” “It’s my fault.” “It’s not your fault,” You said, “If you feel sorry, that means there’s still room to forgive yourself. You need to forgive yourself.” He was silent, sitting again with his head in his hands. “It’s…normal to do things when we are young and later regret them,” You continued, “It’s okay.” “You don’t understand,” he mumbled, “He’ll kill me.” You furrowed your brows. “Who…? Look, it doesn’t matter,” You said, shaking your head, “Do what is right.” At that, he looked up at you, and you could tell he was angry. You had said something wrong. “What is right is not easy .” He said through gritted teeth, and this time he actually did leave. That night you ate alone in the cafeteria again, expecting Commander Ren to show up and join you, but it never happened. Part of you was quietly happy he wasn’t near you. You had known, of course, that he had killed people, but somehow knowing he killed his own father made him a worse person in your mind. You stared down at the plate of food in front of you. You could feel your stomach starting to turn as you thought of the Commander and picked up the tray to put it away. On your way back to your quarters, the hallways were quiet, allowing you to take your time to gather your thoughts before going to sleep. But as you rounded the corner near your quarters, you almost ran into a flash of white. “Oh,” You said, stepping backwards, and glancing up at the stormtrooper in front of you, “Sorry.” You would have been nicer, but you had too much on your mind. Unfortunately, the stormtrooper noticed “Are you okay?” A familiar voice spoke from behind the mask, making your head snap back up. All the stormtroopers looked the same to you, and you hadn’t even known it was Eighty-Eight until he spoke. “I’m fine,” You lied, “Just really busy at work.” “I’m off patrol in an hour,” Eighty-Eight replied, “Do you want to talk about it?" You stood staring up at Eighty-Eight, anxious and tired, knowing that you should get to bed early so you could wake up on time for work the next day. But you hadn’t had a friend in so long, and the idea of just being normal for a couple hours was enticing. “Okay,” You said, and then told him where your quarters were. He waved a small goodbye to you, the white armor squeaking as he moved, and walked past you down the hall. You watched him go, a small smile on your face, before heading back to your quarters. Eighty-Eight arrived almost an hour after you had seen him. He took his helmet off right away, setting it and his blaster down carefully on the floor near the kitchen table where he sat. “Didn’t have time to go to the barracks,” He said, looking around with wide eyes at your messy room, “This is a really nice place you have here.” “It’s all standard issue,” You mumbled, though you felt a sort of pride well up in your chest, one you definitely had never felt about the First Order, “But I assume anything that isn’t living with three other men in one room is glamorous to you.” Eighty-Eight laughed, pushing his long, sweat-filled hair out of his face, before continuing, “So what’s going on?” You sighed. You couldn’t tell him about Ren, so you made up some story about how Hux was angry at how you reacted at the Resistance raid, how you were working slower ever since, he didn’t want to have to put you on disability, etc. You thought it all sounded like a terrible lie, but luckily Eighty-Eight bought it. “I’m really sorry,” He said, his eyes sincere as he stared across the table towards you, “That’s really rough. And you definitely can’t ask for a transfer, can you?” You shook your head. “Even if I wanted to transfer, I wouldn’t want to keep working for the First Order.” Eighty-Eight’s eyes grew wide, and for a second you wondered if you had said too much. You didn’t know how proud stormtroopers were, and worried that Eighty-Eighty would report you. But he just nodded slowly. “I understand, but just be careful where you say those kinds of things,” He mumbled, his boyish voice now gruff and low, “I’ve seen troopers get exiled or killed for questioning the First Order. I agree with you…but just be careful, okay?" You nodded in reply. “It’s really nice having a friend,” You said, thankful for a change of subject, “I was never really good at making them…or keeping them…but I’m really glad we did this.” Eighty-Eight smiled in reply, and from then on you talked about much lighter subjects. Eighty-Eight, as it turned out, had a lot of free time in between work and training. He spent much of his time reading or playing sabacc with other friends. Though the First Order discouraged close friendships with other stormtroopers, he said it was his friends that got him through the day. All at once, you felt accepted, like you finally belonged somewhere. Eighty-Eight was a good conversationalist, and often asked questions about yourself- something you hadn’t had in years. “We should do this again,” You said after realizing how late it was, “I’d really like that.” Eighty-Eight held his helmet in one hand and buckled the blaster back onto his armor before opening the large door out to the hallway. He smiled broad, and you could feel blood beginning to rise to your cheeks as you looked at him. “I’d like it, too,” He said, before putting the helmet back on and stepping out into the hallway. You listened to the door close and lock behind him, and got ready for bed. Notes: hello! so ive said several times in the past that ive been revamping the story...well this chapter is where it starts. you all obviously wont notice, but it just means that for me ill be working on this week-to-week now, meaning that it might take a little longer to update. for that im really really sorry- but in the long run, we'll get a better story out of it :) i really like eighty-eight. what do you all think about him? what do you think kylo ren is going to do when he finds out reader is sharing her friendship with someone else???? this chapter was a lot shorter, so i might update again later in the week, but no promises since i update What Once Was every wednesday, and between these two fics, homework, and extracurriculars, i really cant balance that much more. if i dont see you guys again until next monday, have a great weekend! <3 Chapter 16 : Scared Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was safe to say that you enjoyed Eighty-Eight’s friendship. You now had somebody to sit with during dinners, and a friend when you needed one. He partly seemed to take the place of a therapist when you would wake up in cold sweat at night, plagued with nightmares about Kylo Ren or the Resistance mission. Yes, it had been a month since the Resistance raid, but you still couldn’t get the images from that day out of your head. Seeing stormtroopers treated like mere ragdolls when hit with fire from the X-Wings, being unable to hear during the battle due to the roar of the fighters ahead, and the smell…gasoline, mixed with smoke and blood, the smell had been the worst of it. You realized that part of your friendship with Eighty-Eight had stemmed from that experience. You found out that although he had been a stormtrooper for years, the Resistance raid was his first taste of action, as well. In realizing that, you didn’t feel like a coward anymore. Although you had a friend to spend time with almost every day after work, you still had to keep your meetings with Kylo Ren hidden from Eighty-Eight. Though he held similar feelings as yours towards the First Order and war in general, you couldn’t risk his friendship by telling him your secret. Though it wasn’t like you would have anything special to reveal to Eighty-Eight about your ever-elusive commander. In fact, one of the things that came to surprise you the most about Kylo Ren was that he was, well, boring. You still looked forward to your meetings with the man, but it was almost frightening how most times he seemed almost normal. He would talk about his family, and you would listen, or supply answers to his questions- which, in fact, was pretty common. Not only was his presence welcome during your meetings, he seemed to genuinely enjoy conversing with you. Besides the black garb, layers of armor, and lightsaber that hung from his hip, you almost had no trouble viewing him as a friend. But you knew that there was something holding you back from fully committing to being his friend. You knew that in the technical sense, you already were friends. You spent time together almost every day after work and knew a striking amount of information about each other, but you couldn’t bring yourself to fully trust him Commander Ren was a different person in your meetings. At work or in the cafeteria you would hear about who he Force-Choked today, or what computer terminal he destroyed that week; but in your meetings, his presence was calm, and his voice soft. It was this duality that scared you the most. The man who you seemed to have so much in common with, the man you told much of your own life story to, could kill you with a snap of his fingers if he wanted to. Lying in bed at night, you often thought about how many people he had killed. After he had told you he had killed his own father, it was difficult to think about anything past that. You knew there was Light in him, somewhere, but it was that one instance of distrust that kept you up at night. You also spent more time studying the image file he had left you on the datapad that still sat on your kitchen table, untouched and collecting dust ever since you moved the file to your own datapad. After a truly confusing meeting with the Commander, you would retreat to that picture of him and his parents. You wondered how someone so innocent, someone with such a normal upbringing could turn into someone so evil, so hateful, and so angry. You stared up at the glowing map in front of you, taking the shape of a globe. You probed it with your fingers, taking notes on a computer near you. The map reflected an aqua hue off of every surface in the room, and it had lulled you into an introspective stupor. You needed to be focusing on work, you knew that you were close to finding the temples Hux had wanted, but it was difficult when you had so much on your mind. Once work was finished for the day, you kept up the map projection while you cleaned your supplies. Though the work was boring, you enjoyed looking at the different planets and finding new things every day. Some of them were even real-time holograms, broadcasting the current weather and other specifics of the planet, and you would often imagine yourself on these planets, far away from the First Order. Where were you today? Corsuscant, with it's bright city lights and ever-moving traffic, or an Outer World planet, full of lush jungles and rain? The slamming of a door made you jump from your thoughts. You looked up to see Commander Ren standing in the doorway, the map projection reflecting off of his mask. He looked up at the map while you continued to gather your things. One of the things you had come to like about Commander Ren was how, unlike Hux, he never talked about your job outside of work. “Come.” He said suddenly, his voice quiet under the mask. You furrowed your brows but had no time for confusion- you quickly deactivated the map and followed after him. You trailed silently behind the man before he stopped in front of a closed door down the hall. He took off one of his gloves, revealing long, pale fingers and pressed his hand to the scanner next to the door and stepped inside. You followed reluctantly behind. By now, you’d had months of communication with Kylo Ren, but you still harbored fear and nervousness while alone with him. “I can sense your anxiety,” you heard him mumble as you stepped into the dark room. You couldn’t remember the last time you had felt this anxious. You had been doing so well, but new situations outside of meals and work still made your bowels turn to liquid and your body break out in cold sweat. “If this is about the map-“ “Calm down.” He interrupted, and you took a deep breath. The room you were in suddenly brightened, and you realized he must have turned the lights on. You were standing in a kitchen and living area, much like the one you had in your quarters. This one, however, was a lot messier than yours. There were physical books (you hadn’t seen those in years ) strewn about, blankets covering a couch and one of the chairs, and papers (papers!), datapads, tablets, pens, and notepads with notes covering the kitchen table. You looked over to your left, where Commander Ren stood next to you. “Are we in your quarters?” you asked, to which he nodded. “Wow. I haven’t seen physical books or pens or paper since…well, since I was a child…Why did you bring me here?” “I have something I need to show you.” He said, as if that explained everything. But you knew you weren’t in a position to argue, so you just nodded, your eyes wide in curiosity and terror. You stood for a long second just staring at each other. For a while, you were able to wrench your eyes off of his towering figure and look outside at the falling snow through one of the kitchen windows. When you looked back, he was sitting on one of the couches nearby. You took the cue to take a seat at the kitchen table, resisting the urge to look through his notes. “What can I do to make you trust me?” Came his voice, both frustrated and pained. You had not expected that. “I don’t know,” It was true, you didn’t know. You didn’t even know where to start. “But you trust him,” Came his voice again. He sat on the couch with his head in one hand as he stared down at his feet. “Who-? Oh,” Your eyebrows jumped to the middle of your forehead, and you almost laughed. An electricity of realization swam through your veins and you covered your mouth to hide your surprised smile. “Eighty-Eight? He’s, oh Maker, its so different and you know that.” Commander Ren didn’t move and you continued talking. “You have to understand why I don’t trust you. Your life is so different from mine, I’m not a Jedi, and I’ve never killed…” You sighed, “You can’t be so surprised to believe that I don’t trust you…I mean, gods, it feels like I barely know you.” Though when the words left your mouth, you knew it was a lie… …And even without using the Force to prod through your mind, to sense your emotions, you knew he knew it was a lie. He lifted his hands up to his helmet, and pulled. An unlocking mechanism sounded with a metallic click and a hiss of air. A loud clunk resounded through the room as the helmet fell to the floor beside him. You didn’t know what you were expecting. Long, dark hair fell in waves to his shoulders, and dark, angry eyes, red-rimmed with dark circles from loss of sleep, pierced through yours as he stared at you. Strong brows furrowed in frustration, and pink lips pursed. A long, white scar, cutting through his long nose. I know him… you immediately thought back to your friend at the gym. It had seemed so long ago. You weren’t expecting this. You weren't expecting someone so human to be living underneath all of that black. Somehow the realization that he was human made his actions all the worse. He immediately stood up, towering over you, his dark brown eyes still staring into yours. You realized then that you saw something past his anger and frustration. Something more subtle. Something he was hiding away. Could it be pain? Vulnerability? No… “You’re scared.” You said, raising your eyebrows. Your voice was soft, quiet. His eyes softened for a second, but he quickly narrowed them at you, balling his hands into fists. “I’m not scared.” He said through gritted teeth. His voice was electric, causing goosebumps to form on your arms. How was it that without the mask, without the façade he tried so hard to keep he was even more terrifying? “It’s okay.” You said, your voice shaking. His eyes softened again. They searched your face, and for a second, his lips parted, his shoulders dropped… “No,” he growled, his eyes hard again. He stared at you, and you felt his gaze searching for something. He was always searching. “It’s okay to be scared,” You mumbled, still staring into his dark eyes, “I am.” And for the first time since you had met him, you were scared . Scared of Kylo Ren. Scared of what he could do, what he could say. He had the power to break you, to kill you, to torture you to the point of madness. If he had killed his father, then what would he do to you? He stared at you for a long time. His long arms fell from his shoulders, heaving with every breath. His gloved hands were in fists, shaking ever so slightly. His dark, tired eyes searched you, concentrating on something. He wanted to find something in you, anything. Then his face softened. The grimace was gone, his mouth resting in a frown. He blinked a couple times, still staring into your face. “Scared?” He mumbled, his voice deep, confused. He sat back down on the couch, staring up at where you were standing. The word bit through the air as if it was the first time either of you had ever heard it spoken. “Yes, I’m scared,” You said, and he blinked in confusion. “You don’t understand, do you?” He shook his head slowly, his dark waves catching on the collar of his robes. His brows were furrowed, his lips a straight line. “You never used to scare me,” You said quietly, looking down at him, “I took pride in that, that I wasn’t one of the people who ran from you whenever you walked down the hallway. But now…gods, you’ve killed your father! You expect me to be okay with all of this? I’m not, because it’s not okay. There’s something wrong with you…and I can’t fix it.” You stared at him, waiting for a reply, and now it was your turn to search. You found anger in his eyes, blazing yellow and wild. Frustration in his furrowed brows, knitting together as he cringed at your words. Anger was replaced by pain, pain replaced by understanding. He dropped his head in his hands, his dark hair falling over his hands. “Leave." And you did. His whole life had been spent in his own mind; plagued by torment and pain, emotions he used to fuel his power. There was something wrong in being so angry all of the time, and it had taken him years to figure it out, but he finally had. When you left his quarters, he spent hours sitting where you had left him, his head in his hands. He couldn’t cry. He was sure his body had forgotten how years ago. But the immense pain he had felt was something he had kept closed off, inaccessible to even himself for years. The realization of what he had done in his life hit him at once. Immediately he felt regret for all of the people he had killed, the lives he had ruined. He couldn’t even bring himself to blame it on others, on Hux, on the Supreme Leader, no…he had been acting alone. He felt confusion for you, for his remaining family. Who would be so foolish to expect him to care? But he did, deep down he knew he did. And the realization of compassion from you, from his mother, who was somewhere still out there, pained him even more than the regret had. He had not felt compassion in a decade. He felt warmth in his chest and in the core of his body that was unwelcome; he wanted it to go away. So he pushed it back inside him, he didn’t have time to feel like this. To be weak. Finally, he felt anger. He had held onto the anger for most of his life. For so long, he let the anger eat him up inside, controlling him. He let it be his motivator, the only emotion he allowed himself to feel. He was angry with himself for allowing Snoke to seduce him at such a young age, and following through with his orders for so long. He was angry with his family, for leaving him behind, treating him like a pet to give away. He was angry with Master Luke for not understanding. And he was angry with you. For attempting to care. But you had been right, he was lost. There was nobody but himself who could fix him. And you…you were foolish enough to expect him to unravel at your words, tell you everything…no. It would not be that easy. Notes: happy halloween-weekend! im gonna be super busy all day tomorrow so i thought i would update early :) i went to a really fun halloween party this weekend where i absolutely killed it at beer pong and ate some yummy pumpkin cookies. i was luke in rotj and this is me with my best friend who went as mia wallace: http://imgur.com/NKuaLtz what is everyone else being for halloween?? i love writing angery kylo ren and im so excited that reader knows what he looks like now AAAAHHHH the possibilities are now endless!!! lots of angst in this chapter and lots more angst to come. thank you again for all of the comments and kudos <3 happy halloween! <3 Chapter 17 : Trust Me Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Commander Ren had told you to leave that time in his quarters, you hadn’t expected him to be so serious about the command. You knew that you had been on the brink of a breakthrough with him, and left his quarters bewildered and confused. When you left his quarters that evening, you did not go straight to your own room. You could’ve sought out Eighty-Eight and confided in him, but you didn’t do that. In fact, you found yourself wandering around the base for hours until the planet outside the windows became dark and the hallways dim. Only when the light drained from the hallways did you finally make your way back to your quarters. You didn’t know how to feel about Kylo Ren anymore. It was true, he did need help, and some part of you knew that he would take your advice; though another part –the anxious part- worried that he wouldn’t. Why would he take my advice? You wondered as you dragged your tired feet through the hallways, I’m no one to him; he’s made that clear enough. Though as soon as that thought entered your mind, you couldn’t find any way to make it true. Had Kylo Ren not cared about you, he wouldn’t tell you things about himself that he didn’t trust with anyone else, wouldn’t show you what he looked like without the mask. Your stomach gave an uncomfortable flipflop as you remembered what he looked like- what he actually looked like. Though you didn’t want to admit it to yourself, he was much more normal- and more handsome- than you had expected. You had read and studied so much in University about ancient Sith and how their features would get twisted by the Dark Side, and you had been expecting that from Kylo Ren. But when he had taken off the helmet…he had been normal. Attractive, even. But you knew that you couldn’t dwell so much on what the Commander physically looked like, because the reason he had told you to leave was because had problems of his own that he needed to work on, and so did you. You hadn’t realized up until this point how much you had let anger and anxiety rule your life. Your every day was governed by how anxious you were, and your anger was often your first reaction to many situations. Kylo Ren was not the only person who was in need of serious introspection. So, over the next week, you surrounded yourself with positivity. It was difficult at first- going to a dead-end job, having to constantly see Hux every day, and the overall patriotism of the First Order made you feel sick to your stomach. But you forced yourself to stay positive all day, and when you went back to your quarters after work, you would meet with Eighty-Eight and he would be there to listen to you complain. After weeks of practice, when anger came, you let it come, but did not act on it. When anxiety came, you waved hello to every anxious thought, and cast it away. It was a painful process at first. It felt unnatural to live peacefully next to things you had been battling your whole life. But you told yourself that in order to leave the First Order, you needed to get better first. And it had helped. Then two weeks passed without hearing from the Commander. Then three. Then a month had passed, and you were starting to see real progress in yourself, and your work. You finally found locations of Temples for General Hux, and he had even given you a raise because of it. But even though you were doing better, you couldn’t stop thinking about Kylo Ren. Every morning you would wake up, and your first instinct would be to check your datapad for a message from him, but every morning there was nothing. At night, you would lay in bed, thinking about his face. You’d remember how he looked when he first took of his mask: angry, vulnerable, scared. Then you remembered how scared you had been, worried he would kill or torture you for knowing too much. When lying in bed, you would imagine him sitting at your kitchen table, while you watched him read or talk about history. In these scenarios, he was calm, levelheaded. He was okay. You were okay. But you always knew that wasn’t the case. He was not calm, and you were still emotionally unstable. Though you had made progress, you still had random fits of sadness or anxiety, where it felt like the whole world came crashing down on your shoulders. You’d often feel so crushed by responsibility and expectations. But you had learned to pick yourself back up when you fell. You’d learned to accept your failures and mistakes, and trust yourself to do better the next day. You’d only hoped that whenever you saw the Commander again, that he would feel the same. In the month he didn’t see you, between training with the Supreme Leader and going on missions, Kylo Ren started taking your advice. His mind had resisted at first- where had the arrogant, paranoid Kylo Ren gone? Who was he to be accepting advice so readily from some girl? He had to reprogram his mind to think in different ways than he had been thinking for over a decade. He had to allow himself to trust in the Force- something he had not done in years. He began to meditate; searching his mind for his feelings of pain and frustration at what he had done in the past. He forced himself to relive every account of death, pain, or suffering he had caused. He needed himself to feel the pain, too. It was the only way. He needed to forgive himself. Eventually he forgave himself for killing his father, leaving his mother, resenting Master Luke, wanting to kill the scavenger, disappointing you… His eyes snapped open. No. He could not think of you. He decided after your last meeting that he would not see you again. He could not put you through so much stress; make you feel compassion for someone like him. But, he imagined your face, what you would look like if you smiled, his eyes slowly closing again… And he thought of you. Of compassion. That strange, alien feeling that was not welcome to him. But he knew he would have to open up, let others in if he was going to change. He thought of his mother, how her laugh sounded, how she smiled, and would say, “I’m proud of you, Ben.” Proud. That was a word he had not heard in ten years. What did it feel like to make someone proud? How would you look at him if he made you proud? The thought conjured up something warm again in his belly, but no, he was not ready to let it in. He couldn’t be weak again. Weakness was what led to losing his mother, his father. His father. It stirred something more primal, more malicious in his mind and in his chest. He wanted to laugh, to cry, something . The immense anger he felt deep inside pained him to his bones, but he had to let it go. He couldn’t constantly feel anger, it wasn’t healthy, and it wouldn’t allow him to complete his goal. His goal…he shook his head. No, he could not think of that right now. It was not the time. He felt anger at Snoke, at his parents, at Master Luke, at you, at anybody who had made him angry, and anyone who had been foolish enough to care for him. But strangely…the anger was what was making him weak. He realized he could not hold on to decade-long grudges, could not afford to be manipulated or controlled any further. Water strung his eyes. Was he crying? He had not cried in so long. He used to hate crying, it was always a sign of weakness. But no, now he needed it. He needed to feel other emotions. He could not just be angry all of the time; it was not the way to live. Even the Sith had more emotions than anger. He felt himself release his anger into the Force. He was an enigma. No, he belonged to nothing, to no one. Not anymore. He was nothing. Just existing. Suddenly, he was one with everything. It had happened so quickly. He felt your emotions, his mother’s emotions, but his father was gone…he could not feel him anymore. Another wave of anger rolled through him, and he felt himself release it through the Force. He felt you, in your quarters. You were calm, serene. He wanted to be serene. Feeling your presence sent those familiar waves of warmth through his body. No, not yet, he forced them back down. Were you thinking about him? Did you miss him? Did you still care? He shook his head, forcing his eyes open. Objects he had unknowingly been holding onto in the Force were pushed across the room, or fell from the air where they had been hanging. He was sitting cross-legged in his room, drenched in sweat, breathing heavily. But something had changed. He had not felt it yet, and would not feel it for a while. He would continue to meditate on his emotions during that month, often thinking of you. He still had not learned to open himself up to meditation. But something was different. And the first day you had seen him after a month of being away from each other, you could tell right away. The month you had gone without seeing Kylo Ren had been a good one, a stress-free one. You had not realized how much stress he had put on your life until you spent time without him. But you knew that you missed him dearly. As much as you appreciated your friendship with Eighty-Eight, there were some things that you just couldn’t talk to him about like you had with Commander Ren. Eighty-Eight was a fun friend to play sabacc and gossip about work with. And Commander Ren was the complete opposite- he was a friend to talk about your fears, your childhood, your dreams with…and you missed that. As much as you didn’t like you admit it, you often spent work thinking about him. You would think about yourself far away from the First Order, maybe teaching students at a University, living in a busy city, and there would always be a man there- pale skin, a kind smile, dark hair- You tried to shake the thought of him from your head, but couldn’t. You cared deeply about him, and he was just beginning to trust you, and you had just decided to walk away from it all. And for the first time since you had been on this new base, at this new job, you got up and left. You didn’t want to take the whole day off, no; you had too much work to do. But you needed to clear you head, needed a new perspective on your thoughts, on your work. It was nearing dinnertime, so the hallways were busy. For the first time in your life, you were thankful to be in a crowded area. But you needed this. You needed a moment to step away from work, from thoughts of Kylo Ren, and just walk aimlessly though the base. Eventually, you had found yourself in a part of the base you had never been. It was quiet, and only the occasional stormtrooper would walk through the hallway. You rounded a corner to find a hallway with a wall covered in windows. You sighed a silent exclamation, walking over to the windows and staring outside. It was snowing steadily, piling up in heaps on the ground. The sky was a light grey, and you watched as the winds blew the clouds forward. It was entrancing, calming. You couldn’t remember the last time you had felt this calm. You thought immediately to your childhood, when you enjoyed looking outside so much. Your parents would often yell at you for not paying attention, but it was your getaway from them. You would block out their arguing, and just focus as the world outside passed you by. You would wish you were out there on some adventure, far away from your parents. But, of course, that adventure never came. I suppose this is my adventure, you thought, tracing your fingers along the window. Movement behind you made you jump and turn around. You dropped your cold hands to your sides, shivering slightly. Commander Ren was standing in front of you, staring at you through his mask. You wondered briefly what his expression under the mask looked like- was he relieved or nervous to see you after a month? Or was he embarrassed about what he had revealed to you in your last meeting? You stood there, staring forward at him. You didn’t know what to say, what to think. You had gone so long without seeing him that you almost forgot the sense of calm that washed over you when he entered into a room. You had forgotten the way his voice sounded when he said your name, the color of his eyes… There was something different about him this time. You could sense it; the anger was gone, replaced by something else. He took my advice, you thought. You swallowed hard, hoping that he could not read the expression on your face or see the blush creeping up your cheeks. “Hello, Commander,” you finally decided to say, since he obviously wasn’t going to start the conversation, “I trust your missions went well.” He only continued staring, his gloved hands clenched into fists at his sides. You stared forward at him, refusing to be intimidated. After you had seen him last, you had come to terms with your anger towards him, and how scared you had been. You weren’t scare of him anymore. “It was well,” He said, stepping closer to you. You felt your joints lock up, although he wasn’t using the Force. You were just nervous, anxious about what he would say or do. “I’d like to see you again.” You’d missed his voice, even under the distortion of the mask. You missed having someone who completely understood you. But you knew that couldn’t happen. The last time you saw him he was in pain, vulnerable, and unstable. You told yourself that you wouldn’t go near him again. You shook your head in reply. “I can’t, and you know why.” He took a step back, clenching his hands in his fists again. “I’ve been…working…,” He said quietly. You knew he had. You could feel a change in him, yet there was still anger and torment there. You didn’t need to see his face to know that he was struggling to be open with you, to be honest. “I can’t,” you said again, “I believe you’ve tried, but…it’s only been a month.” You moved to walk past him, to get back to work, but he grabbed your wrist and you spun around, staring at his mask. His mask was inches from your face, and you could feel his pulse on your wrist. He’s touching me, you thought vaguely, feeling the electricity in his hand as it moved through your veins. His touch was gentle, yet his grip was strong. Long fingers let go of your wrist, and you felt yourself wanting to be touched again. He was so close to you, you could almost reach up and touch his mask. You felt the blood rush to your face as you stared at each other. “You need to trust me,” He said. There was that word again. Trust. It had been the topic of conversation the last time you had seen him. You didn’t trust him then, and you weren’t sure you trusted him now. A month was either a long, or a very short time to improve on one’s self. But you knew that the only way to get him to go away was to agree. “Okay,” you said, moving past him and getting back to work. Notes: my only note for today is: if you live in the us- GO VOTE! (sorry this chapter was late, i was really busy yesterday. also sorry about the cliffhanger but i promise its worth it!) Chapter 18 : Feel Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Tonight. My quarters,” the message read. You had received it on the datapad Kylo Ren had given you months ago, the one you had not touched in weeks. The message made your head start to swim with anxiety, and you tried to calm your shaking hands as they held the tablet. The message made you nervous, he made you nervous, and you didn’t want to be alone with him again in his own quarters, but you knew you couldn’t argue. After what seemed like hours, you mustered up the energy to take a quick shower, then throw on comfortable clothes. You did not care if Kylo Ren saw you without your work uniform; in fact part of you welcomed it, if it would allow the two of you to have more honest conversation. You decided you would bring the datapad and datachip back with you, and when the time came to arrive at Commander Ren’s quarters, you felt your body plagued with anxiety like you hadn’t felt it in months. Your stomach was in knots; gathering at the core of your torso, and you could almost feel your heart beating through your chest. When you raised your hand to knock on the door, you realized it was shaking. You mumbled a silent curse, trying to calm yourself down as the door slid open. You walked in to the dimly lit room, closing the door behind you. “Hello,” you murmured, feeling awkward. You had only ever been in the Commander’s quarters once before, and it was never on invite, nor was it this late in the night. You sat down on one of the kitchen chairs near the table, still covered in books and notes. You set the datapad near the books. “I have your datapad and datachip,” you said to nobody in particular, “The book was quite interesting. I had no idea Sith history was so rich.” The door to your right slid open, and Commander Ren emerged, wearing everything but his robes, clad in boots, pants, a long sleeved shirt, and a frustrated, angry expression. But then he looked up and saw you, and his face softened a bit. You forgot how handsome he had been. Even in your imagination, he was not this handsome. His brows were still furrowed together in frustration, but his eyes were soft when they looked at you, unafraid. His pink lips formed a hard line above his strong chin, and his dark hair fell in messy waves on his shoulders. For a moment, something flashed in his eyes. Compassion? It had come so fast that you weren’t even sure it had been there in the first place. He took a seat across from you on the couch, leaning forward onto his elbows. You handed the datapad and datachip to him, your hands touching for the briefest of moments. His touch sent electricity up your arm, and you felt your face grow warm. He seemed not to notice. “I finished the book-“ You started, but he interrupted. “I heard,” He said, picking up the datachip, and handing it back to you. This time, when his fingers brushed yours, he looked up at you curiously, but you weren’t looking. “Keep it.” You held the datachip in your fingers, staring at it, “Why?” “I want you to have it,” He said, before changing the subject, “You enjoyed the book?” You nodded, setting the datachip on the table in front of you, still confused. “Yeah, it was very interesting,” Then, almost as an afterthought, “Thank you.” He stared at you with a confused expression, his dark eyes boring into yours. You could still feel his gaze on you when you looked down at your hands. “Why did you invite me here?” You asked softly. “You’re my guest.” He replied, almost sarcastically. Was Kylo Ren actually starting to warm up to you? You smiled slightly, “What’s the real reason?” You heard the couch creak, his footfalls on the floor. “I want to tell you why I was gone.” “Tell me.” You said. His eyes still stared dark holes into yours. “I was gone on missions to Jedi Temples,” he said, pacing around the small kitchen, “But I was training, as well. When I wasn’t training, I was thinking about what you said…” He took a deep breath. “Nobody has spoken to me like that in years,” He continued, his voice low, “I’ve known for awhile that I cannot continue this lifestyle…I didn’t want to come to terms with what I am…but you gave me the motivation.” He stopped talking, and stood still, staring at you. “What did you do?” You asked, furrowing your brows in confusion. “I meditated,” He said, looking down at the floor, “On who I was, the things I’ve done.” You nodded. You didn’t think that he would actually take what you said to heart, but you were glad he had. You could sense a change in him, a calm. When he talked, there was no longer only anger in his voice. The anger was still present, though overshadowed by other emotions. Emotions so fleeting sometimes you weren’t sure if you had even noticed them. “I’m proud of you,” You said softly, looking up at him. In a matter of seconds, his eyes flashed from confusion, to relief, to frustration and then something you couldn’t identify. It was the look he had given you earlier, when he had first saw you. Compassion? Did he care? He seemed to struggle with himself. He didn’t answer, or do anything but stand there. You could see the conflict pass in stages across his face. Torment, anger, serenity, calm… His shoulders dropped, his arms hanging like strings. His mouth opened and closed slightly, struggling for a reply. He finally resolved to shake his head slowly, his soft waves moving with it. “I can’t do this,” He mumbled, staring down at the floor once again. “Yes you can,” You said, though you didn’t know what he was talking about. You had just made up with him again, was he going to stop talking to you again for another month? A year? “He will kill me,” He said, echoing your last conversation. His voice was trembling from behind his gritted teeth. You watched as he clenched and unclenched the fists at his sides, still covered in leather gloves. You listened to his breathing for a minute more, before saying, “It will be okay.” “I have to choose,” He said, his eyes traveling over your face, “I have to. He’ll kill me.” “Choose what?” You asked, your voice soft, your gaze gentle. Your bright eyes met his dark, and he shook his head once more. The rest of his face was empty of any emotion, but his chin was trembling, and his shoulders heaved with every breath. “The Light,” he mumbled, “It’s calling to me.” “The Light?” You asked, “The Light Side?” “And the Dark,” He replied, rubbing his eyes with the palms of his hands, “They’re tearing me apart. I can’t do this anymore.” You felt something tug at your heart as you watched him sit back down on the couch, head in his hands. You felt a strong aching pain in your heart, traveling through your arms, and you reached out to him. Slowly, you placed your hand on his forearm, and if he felt it, he made no notice. “It will be okay. I’ll be here. I’m your friend, remember?” He looked up at you from between his hands, his eyes bloodshot, and up close you could see the dark purple circles under his eyes. “You should probably get some sleep,” You said, taking your hand off of him. He didn’t seem to notice that you had even been touching him until you moved your hand away. Something flashed in his eyes- longing? “No,” He said, taking his hands from his face, and staring at you once again with hard eyes. You were taken aback by his immediate change of emotions, but by now, you had gotten used to it. “Please sleep,” you said, standing up, and picking up the datachip, “When was the last time you had a full night’s sleep? It will do you good.” With that, you walked out the door, and he stripped down to his undergarments, and crawled reluctantly into bed. It was true; he hadn’t had a full night of sleep in what seemed like months. He would often go to bed late, only able to sleep a few hours before his mind woke him up again. He was reminded of you when he crawled into bed, savoring the way the mattress curved around his muscular body. The way you had smiled. I’m proud of you, you had said. At work, you only had a couple more Jedi Temples to find before the list would be complete. Though you had supplied Hux with numerous locations of Temples, his anger with you seemed to be growing every day you didn’t tell him the location of the First Jedi Temple. You tried to keep motivated at work, but it was difficult when your job had become staring at maps and taking thousands of notes on your datapad. You used to enjoy your job; for a while, you hadn’t minded staring at maps all day, it was actually kind of fun, mysterious. But now you dreaded going to work, and when you came home, you were exhausted and had a headache. The only thing that kept you going at work anymore was the thought of going home and resting. It was dull work, sure, but it still required most of your attention and brainpower. You needed to be quick and attentive to details. But whenever you worked, you just thought about going home, lying down in your comfy bed and taking a large dose of pain medication for your head. But, of course, that wouldn’t happen. Because when you got off work that day, General Hux was waiting outside the door of your office. “Sir,” you said in greeting. Truthfully, the last person you had wanted to see right now was Hux. He was the only person standing between you and a nice, long hot shower. “Walk with me,” He said, starting to walk down the hall. You fell in to step with him, “Sir?” “Commander Ren has taken a liking to you,” the General said, staring straight ahead. The comment made you blush and your head snap down to your feet. “Sir, we just talk, it was the Doctor’s orders,” You mumbled, your face growing hot. The last thing you needed right now were rumors. How had Hux known, anyway? Had he been following you? “Oh, you’re not in trouble Y/n,” Hux said before stopping in front of a door, to which you assumed was his quarters, “I would just be… careful around Ren…he’s a high-ranking figure in the First Order, and you don’t want to get in the way of the First Order, do you?” With that, he smirked and placed his hand on the scanner next to his door. “Until tomorrow,” he said cordially, walking into his quarters. You watched as the heavy durasteel door slid shut, blocking his figure from view. You stood there, dumbfounded, your mouth agape as you stared at the door. Am I truly getting in the way of the First Order? You thought, walking slowly back to your own quarters. When you walked into your room, you turned the lights on and fell into your bed face-first just like how you had imagined at work. It felt good to finally lie down and let your anxieties and anger float away from you. But then expectations, responsibilities, pressures starting clogging your mind again, nagging you to worry, to stress, and you got up to take a shower. When you got out of the shower, you took a long time getting dried and pulling your clothes on. It had been a stressful day, and all you wanted to do was lie in bed and not think about anything. You held your towel in one hand as you exited the refresher, turning off the light as you went. When you entered the common area where your kitchen, living, and sleeping areas where, you noticed a black figure sitting at your kitchen table. He turned when he heard movement, the mask over his head. You slowly put the dirty towel in the laundry basket, thankful that you had decided to put on clothes in the refresher. You could feel the blood beginning to rush to your cheeks as you avoided his gaze. “How do you know where I live?” You asked, crossing the room to your bed, not taking your eyes off of him. There was still something unnerving about the mask; you couldn’t trust him as well when he wore it. “I know where everyone on this base lives,” He said, his voice deep through the distortion of the mask. There was also another bit of sarcasm in his voice, just like the night before. “I mean…why are you here ?” You asked, furrowing your brows. You had expected to see him more often, now that he had returned, but not in your quarters. This was your private space, nobody had ever been allowed in your room besides you. You looked nervously around the room, nitpicking every detail. You kept it clean, but there were still datachips scattered around the floor by your bed, and datapads full of book and note files covering your kitchen table. Now that you thought of it, it wasn’t much unlike the Commander’s quarters. The thought actually comforted you. “I wanted to talk,” he replied simply, following your gaze and staring around the room. “How is work?” You stared at him, bewildered at his openness. “It’s fine,” you looked up at him with furrowed eyebrows; even with the mask, you knew he was staring, “No, actually it’s not fine. I like having a purpose, helping the First Order, but it’s boring. I just stare at maps all day…I just wish I was out there, actually doing something.” He sat still, thinking about your answer. You stared at him for a while, before looking down at the piece of fabric on your comforter you had been picking at. His new change in attitude was unnerving, and you weren't sure how to feel about it. “Then leave,” came his answer, making your head snap up to look at him. “Le- leave? Commander, I can’t-“ You stopped yourself. What was stopping you from leaving the First Order and finding a new job somewhere else? Somewhere you would be happier? “I can’t leave. My whole life is here.” “What is here that you cannot leave behind?” Came his distorted voice, deep and commanding. You didn’t answer out loud, but you knew the answer. You knew deep down, in your core what your answer was before he had even finished the question. You, you thought, You idiot, I cannot leave you . “Hux knows,” you decided to say, changing the subject, “He knows about you and I.” “What is there to know?” He asked, and you felt an unwelcome and unfamiliar pain in your chest. What is there to know? You asked yourself, incredulous. “I…I just figured…” You looked up at him, then back down to your feet, uncomfortable with the question, “I don’t know.” “I wouldn’t worry,” He replied, sensing your anxiety. “Unless there is something you need to tell me?” The question had caught you off guard- was there anything you needed to tell him? You looked up at him, at his mask. He was looking through the notes you had scattered on the table, and even in the chair, he towered over you. You wanted him to take his mask off; you wanted to see his face. But sitting there in your quarters, you stared at him as he read through your notes. He was so patient, his presence offering the peace and quiet you needed after a long day at work. How is it that somebody so terrifying, so strong, so unstable, can have such a calming presence? You thought about the daydream you often had at work: life on another planet, one that was neutral in the war, far away from the conflicts here, and far away from the First Order. You imagined yourself as a History teacher at a University. In your imagination, you would not worry about your anxiety or your anger anymore, because you would have fixed it long ago. You no longer needed to live up to the expectations of others, and all of the pressures of life were gone. And in that thought, a man was always with you, always by your side. He cared about you, was patient when you talked about your problems, he was caring, kind, forgiving…calm... Like lovers. The thought caught you off-guard. You shook your head at the thought, and Kylo Ren turned from the notes to look at you. There was a feeling in your stomach, like you would throw up any second. You could feel the bile deep down in your gut beginning to churn as you thought of the possibility of Kylo Ren as more than just a colleague and friend. “No,” You said, shaking your head, “No, there’s nothing.” You felt dirty, disgusted, and most of all disappointed in yourself. You had come to the First Order with no attachments, you had prided yourself on that fact, and now you were developing feelings for the worst person to develop feelings for? But you could tell that he didn’t believe you. He stared at you for a moment, before taking the mask off. It came of with a hiss, and he set it carefully on the floor next to him. Even though you knew you shouldn’t be, you were always in complete awe of his unusual beauty every time he took off his mask. You could tell he had taken your advice to sleep the night before. His complexion was even, his pale skin dotted by freckles. The dark circles under his eyes were still there, but they were less prominent. His mouth was currently pursed in a straight line above his chin. He furrowed his eyebrows and stared intently at you. You wondered if what he was doing was some kind of Jedi mind trick. The only time he had ever used the Force on you was when he interrogated you, and that was months ago. “Did you know?” You blurted out, breaking his concentration, “When you interrogated me, and looked into my mind…did you know it was me? The one you were talking to?” He thought about the question, staring at the ground then back to you. “I saw something,” He finally said, “But it wasn’t enough for me to deduct anything. I was as surprised as you were when we met.” The answer had surprised you. “If you had the ability to look into my mind, see anything…why didn’t you look at all my memories, my childhood? My wants and dreams? You could’ve used it against me.” He looked confused. His brows knit into a dark line above his eyes, and his mouth parted slightly. “Why would I do that?” This reply surprised you again, and you shook your head, “I don’t know…I’ve just heard stories, about you torturing people, the Scavenger-“ “You were innocent. I knew that right away. There was no reason to torture you,” He interrupted. He seemed annoyed, his eyes angry and hard, and his lips formed a slight scowl. “I was just-“ He held up a hand to interrupt you again, and continued to stare at you. “Are you reading my mind again?” You asked softly. So much had happened since the last time he had read your mind, and you had many thoughts and emotions that you didn’t want him to see. “Your emotions,” He said quietly, concentrating. His eyes searched you over, like he had done a thousand times before. You felt uncomfortable and vulnerable. With the new realization you'd had about your feelings towards him, the last thing you wanted was for him to sense how you felt. But even if you tried to break the connection, run away, you knew he was too strong. “You care,” He finally murmured, furrowing his brows in confusion, “You care about me. You’re foolish.” “I didn’t mean for it to happen,” You snapped, “It just did. That’s how these things work.” He narrowed his eyes once more, looking straight into yours. Immediately he stopped and for a second, his face empty of all emotion. He dropped his raised hand back in his lap. His eyes were blank, his lips parted. Then, he looked down at the floor with an angry expression, shaking his head. You saw him close his gloved hands into fists. “You feel for me…” He said so quietly you almost hadn’t heard, “You’re a fool.” His voice was strained, and he talked behind gritted teeth. You saw pain flash across his eyes before he looked away from you. Before waiting for a reply, he stood up, put his helmet back on, and walked out the door. You were left sitting in your bed, staring at the chair he had been in. Yes, you did feel for him. But you had planned for him to never know. But for you, things never did go as planned. Notes: AAHHHH!! things are happening!!!!! Chapter 19 : Coward Notes: nsfw-ish...... ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The warmth of compassion you’d felt in your chest now settled deep into your mind like a bird making a nest. It was there for the long run, and you tried to tell it to leave, tried to will it to find another home, but it wouldn’t listen. Like the Force with Jedi, it had chosen you. Though, if you were being honest with yourself, you would’ve chosen the life of a Jedi rather than the life of someone falling in love. It wasn’t fair. If Kylo Ren had just given you enough time to complete your job on the Base, had waited until you were (hopefully) off-planet doing other work, then neither of you would have had to suffer this realization. The secret of your feelings for him would’ve just stayed that: a secret. You would’ve been long gone, like dust in the wind, settling down on another planet without worries of General Hux, Eighty-Eight, or Kylo Ren. He was right. I’m a fool for feeling anything towards him. He can’t return my feelings. He doesn’t have the capacity to care. I’m weak for feeling any sort of compassion for him. A fool. An idiot. He was right. Your work had already been beginning to suffer for weeks, due to your ever-growing closeness with Kylo Ren. Weeks had gone without you revealing anything interesting to General Hux, and you believed that without your closeness with Commander Ren, Hux would already be on the road to punishing you. And now, you couldn’t focus on work at all. Much of the days were spent staring up at the holomaps, and thinking of Kylo Ren, and the next time you would see him. A knock on your office door thankfully made you jump from your thoughts. “Come in,” you called, organizing your notes. The door opened and Kylo Ren walked in. You could already feel your face beginning to heat up and you rested your head on one of your hands to try to cover up the blush. Everything was different now. You no longer looked at him like your superior. You looked at him like someone who knew your deepest secrets, someone you admired and felt respect for. Though he had become your greatest friend, the person you trusted with your life, you couldn’t hide that you wanted more. He stopped in the doorway. He had read your emotions last night, and you wondered if he was doing it again. Was it like air, fluid feelings dancing about the room? Or like concrete, more linear, like waves emitting from their source? “Commander,” You said cordially. You didn’t want to ignore what had happened the night before, and hoped that he wouldn’t, either. But you were at work, and you needed to be professional. He closed the door behind him and took large strides across the room to your desk, the dark cape flowing behind him, and the hood on his head casting a shadow onto his mask. You heart skipped a beat when he finally stopped in front of your desk, standing tall over you. You couldn’t help your feelings: now that you had accepted them, had allowed yourself to live in peace beside them, it was as if they had taken complete control of your body. “Our meetings have come to an end,” He said gruffly, from behind the mask. The heart that had jumped at the sight of his towering figure, the one that had held onto his every word, dropped. Your breath caught in your throat, your mouth opening and closing, searching for the right words, but there were none. Had the night before been a dream? A farce? “Commander-“ “Enough,” He held up a hand to stop you, and this time you did feel pressure on your mouth, unable to open it. It was the first time since the interrogation he had used the Force against you. You blinked up at him, desperation in your eyes. You needed to see his face. You knew he wasn’t acting on this alone, there was somebody pulling the strings, Hux, or whoever the Supreme Leader was. You knew that behind the mask, his expression revealed something that would betray him. You felt the pressure on your mouth release. You knew this would happen, you told yourself, Fool. “Coward!” You screamed after him, his body halfway out the door. Coward! The word rang in his ears as he walked from your office out into the hallway. Stormtroopers moved to the side when he walked past them, his boots making heavy footfalls down the hallway. Officers avoided him, preferring to look down at their datapads than up at him as he passed. Anger grew painful in his chest. It took everything not to scream out in pain, to lash out, kill one of the unfortunate troopers. He felt electricity flow through his body, emitting from his chest, down to his feet and up to his head. His hand twitched to the lightsaber at his hip, and he activated it within half a second, emptying the hallway of any living creature. Everyone knew the familiar crackling and hissing of his lightsaber, and they knew to stay away. The grip on his lightsaber was tight when he swung it once against the wall in front of him. There was a popping, hissing noise as the red blade ripped through the wall. Orange gashes formed in the wall in front of him, where smoke already began to billow out of. Coward! The word rung in his ears as he swung the lightsaber again. And again. The pain in his body electrified through his chest, down his arms, making his face grow hot. He felt warm tears beginning to form in his eyes, and was thankful for the mask. His shoulders heaved with every swing, yet the pain only got worse. He felt he was going to break apart into millions of pieces, like the pain inside of him would make him implode. Part of him wished it could happen, so he could disappear, be gone from the pain. He was a coward. He was weak. With every swing of the lightsaber, the pain grew like a vine, ensnaring his chest with needles. He didn’t even know how to care. He had lost that ability long ago. It had been stolen from him, locked away in a part of his mind he would never be able to find. He could run, he thought, go search for it. But that’s what cowards did. They hid. But he was a coward. He heard a vague voice behind him, but it was muffled by the sound of his heavy breathing, and the blood pulsing hard in his ears. Sweat –or were those tears?- dripped heavy down his face and he breathed out hot air through the mask. His hair stuck to the sweat on his forehead. His body felt heavy, dense. Weak. That voice again. He turned quickly, lightsaber still in hand, and lifted up his arm, calling out to the Force, and choking the person behind him. “Sir-“ The officer choked out. Kylo Ren stood shaking, red lightsaber glowing and crackling menacingly, unstable in his other hand. The officer he held in the air was grabbing at his own throat, staring with wide eyes at the angry red blade. Through the Force, he concentrated his power onto this officer, into the invisible hand holding the man’s throat. “What…is…it?” Kylo Ren growled, salty tears falling into his mouth as he spoke through gritted teeth. He wouldn’t kill the man, no; he just wanted to see him suffer. Feel the pain he felt. “The girl-“ The officer choked out, “The-the first Jedi Temple. It- it was-“ Kylo Ren dropped the officer immediately, letting go of the Force. He hung his head, staring at the floor below him. The anger he felt in the air dissipated when the Force left him. The air was hot, and he was breathing deeply, his shoulders heaving. The officer he had held in the air scrambled to get to his feet and ran down the hall. Kylo Ren’s head snapped up when he heard the faintest of movements and stared down the hall. You were standing there, watching him. He was breathing deep, the grip on the lightsaber tight, ready to strike. You saw his body shake, even from as far away as you were. The hand he had used to Force-Choke the officer was in a fist at his side. “Commander,” You started. You weren’t intimidated. You had seen one of his outbursts before. You stood your ground, staring at him with narrow eyes. You felt anger, too, flowing through your body. You weren’t sure if it was his anger or yours, but you could feel it coursing through your veins. “I’ve found the location of the First Jedi Temple.” When he had left your office, you had gotten back to work. It seemed that you had just gotten lucky. The map you had pulled that morning was a new one, one you hadn’t seen before. It seemed that you spent so much time gazing blindly at it while your mind daydreamed, that it was exactly what your mind needed. It was though that while your mind was on autopilot, the rest allowed it to recharge, search your mind for clues, and locate the temple. After that, you had hailed down the closest officer to alert Kylo Ren of the news. It was bad timing. When you had begun to hear the sound of something being destroyed, you had looked outside your office. You had seen it all. His power, his anger. You knew you should’ve been scared, like any normal person. But you weren’t. You were curious. Fascinated. The air around you had gone hot, breath catching in your throat with every inhalation. You stood in your doorway, the only soul except for Kylo Ren in the hallway, in awe of his power. Now, Kylo Ren was staring at you through the mask. His red lightsaber still hung in his hand, smoke from the wall behind him engulfing his body. He stared at you for a moment longer before deactivating the lightsaber with a woosh. He stormed past you, his footfalls heavy. “Come with me,” He commanded in a low voice, and you fell into step behind him. You couldn’t see his face, but you knew he was scowling. It was difficult to keep up with his long strides. You didn’t know where you were going, what he was about to do, but you knew that in this state you couldn’t risk asking him. You weren’t afraid of him, and you sure as hell weren’t stupid either. “Coward,” He growled to himself, and before you knew it, you were in his quarters. You were so confused. You had just found the location to the First Jedi Temple and he wanted to argue about what you had said to him? He paced around the kitchen as you stared at him. His hands were in fists at his sides, and you could hear his heavy breathing coming from inside the mask. He eventually took it off, throwing it at the couch where it bounced and hit the ground with a loud thud. He was scowling. His teeth bared like a hungry dog. But you could see that his face was wet, but from tears or sweat you couldn’t be sure. His hair was in disarray from the helmet, a black, tangled mess on his head. While pacing, he took off his cowl, gloves, and robe, throwing them all on the couch near the helmet. He suddenly stopped to look at you. “You think I’m a coward?” He asked, his voice soft, but threatening. His eyes were bloodshot and dark. His mouth, though still contorted into a scowl, had also begun to turn up at the sides into a questioning smirk. He was standing now in the clothes you had seen him in the other night, a dark long sleeved shirt, black pants, and boots. His lightsaber still hung from his hip, menacing and silver. You stared back at him, your own eyes narrowed in anger. “Yes." He emitted a guttural noise, turning from you and taking the lightsaber from his belt. For a second, you thought he was going to threaten you, or use it against a wall again, but he just set it down carefully on the couch where the rest of his things were. He turned back to you, and stepped forward, his face so close to yours that now you could see the wet tears on his cheeks, shiny against his pale skin. His teeth were still bared in anger, his chin trembling. You felt his breath on your face, ragged and hot. “Why?” He growled, and the question took you off guard. You were sure he was going to choke you, to torture you, something. But he wanted to talk. “ Why? ” “Why?” You yelled the question back at him. “Because you’re afraid of your own emotions. You’re afraid you won’t be as strong as you hope to be. You’re scared. And you won’t admit it. Only a coward does that.” He searched your face, his expression unmoving. His dark eyes moved across your face, staring at your hard expression. He was too angry, too frustrated to read your emotions. But you weren’t afraid of him. He knew that much. And he hated it. He was used to everyone being afraid of him, being intimidated. But you weren’t, and it confused him. At meetings, training, battling others…he was always bored. He was better than them, smarter, more capable. Always. But he was always scared. And his terror he would turn into anger, which he channeled into the Force. But you weren’t scared of him. You were a challenge. You had the ability to be confident in telling him that he didn’t scare you, didn’t intimidate you. And then another emotion rose from his core, into his chest, one that he had not felt in a long time. Jealousy. He realized he was jealous of you. He was jealous of how confident you were in your emotions. He was jealous of your strength, your confidence. He was jealous because you were all of the things he wasn’t. You were compassionate, you analyzed situations with logic, not emotion, and you weren’t scared. He stared at you in awe. He hated himself. He hated that he could not care. He hated that every situation was met with his emotion first. He hated that he often felt scared, vulnerable, and not good enough. “How…” he mumbled, staring at your face. You stared back at him. His face had softened. Something had changed. He relaxed his body, his lips melting from a scowl into a small frown, but his eyes were still hard, angry. “Why do you care for me?” You commanded, staring up at his eyes. They narrowed and his eyebrows knitted together in anger. “I don’t-“ “You do,” you snapped, “Or else you wouldn’t seek me out. You wouldn’t come to talk to me after work every day. For months. ” He stared at you, unmoving. Did he care for you? He liked the way he felt around you, like he belonged. You understood him and didn’t judge him. You stared up at him, at his eyes, still narrowed in anger and confusion. Your own brow was knitted together in anger, lips pursed in a hard line above your chin. This man you had grown to care for was unstable, arrogant, and stubborn. He was everything you weren’t, and for that you were attracted to him. The teeth you had gritted together in anger finally released with a shaking jaw, and your lips parted slightly. You stared up at his angry eyes; they were questioning you, daring you to make a move. So you made a move that you hadn’t in years. You moved forward, your expression softening slightly as your face moved closer to his. You were a hair away from his face, stealing a glance up at him. His eyes wide with terror, with anxiety like you had never seen before, deep brown circles in a void of white. You lowered your eyes, leaned your body closer, and pressed your lips against his. His first reaction was to reject the feeling. Warmth filled him and his nerves were on fire from the sensation flowing through his body. And then it was gone. For a moment, just a quick moment, he had felt all of the anger, guilt, and hate inside him recede. And then the anger had returned when the feeling had gone; he needed more. He opened his eyes – he had closed them? - and looked at you as you pulled away from him. Your eyes were big, your mouth slightly agape. He wanted to feel you again, feel that warmth inside of him. You said, “We can’t.” He replied, “No,” and pulled your chin with both hands towards him, pressing his mouth against yours again, hard and aggressive. He couldn’t remember the last time he had done this- had he ever done it? Immediately the warmth returned. It started from the core of his body and spread down his legs and arms, up to his face. His legs were weak and it was hard to stand. His face was hot, and the feeling of your lips against his sent shivers down his arms and neck. He needed more, much more. He put his large hands on the sides of your head, feeling your hair on your warm cheeks. The sensation of your skin against his made his heart ache. He had never felt anything like this before. He kissed you slowly, savoring the way it felt, determined not to miss a minute. He wanted to store this moment in the back of his mind, to remember it forever. It had been years since he had ever felt any sort of affection. He grew cold, distant, and closed-up when he became Kylo Ren. Anger was the only emotion he had room for. He didn’t have time for affection for friends or family, it would only make him weak, make him turn to the Light. But now, he moved his hands down your neck and to your waist, feeling every subtle curve, every part of you he could. His long, muscular arms, coiled tight around your waist, pulling you close to him. Suddenly your body was against his, and he had never felt anything like this before. There was another warmth, deep below his core; he could feel it beginning to stir. He was embarrassed by it; he’d never had to deal with it as Kylo Ren. He never had these urges, these feelings. He could feel blood pulsing hard through his body, down between his legs, and he was thankful he was wearing thick armor. His face grew hot. What would you think of him if you could feel it? He became hyperaware of everything around him. Your warm hands on his neck, sending shivers down his spine with every touch. How your soft lips felt on his, and how you tasted on his tongue. He could feel your soft cheeks brush every so often against his, making his face grow hot. He could feel the vague curve of your breasts under your clothes, your hips pressed against his… Suddenly the words of the Supreme Leader entered his mind. There is only anger, he had said, Compassion is for the weak. Are you weak, Kylo Ren? Weak, the word echoed through his mind, Are you weak, Kylo Ren? Did feeling compassion make him weak? Kissing you, feeling you, he felt stronger than he ever had. He was not weak, no, this was what he wanted. He felt cocky, arrogant; he could take whatever he wanted, including you. He could please you, and let you please him. He knew he could make it happen, but did he want to? Would sharing such an intimate moment with someone make him weak? He had never done it before. He had never had time to think about women, or act on his urges. Master Luke taught him that Jedi do not have attachments. And the Supreme Leader taught him to fill his heart with so much hate that he didn’t have room for anything else. But now, you were here… He continued kissing you, his hands still around your body. He could feel the small curve of your spine and your ribcage. It was then he realized he could feel you shaking. He reluctantly stopped and looked down at you. You stared up at him, eyes wide. You were shaking, but it was because you were nervous. It had been years since you had been with a man like this, and you had never felt this way before. You’d had sex before, of course, but it was painful and uncomfortable, and you hated the experience. But now, it was different. You felt yourself, for the first time in years, actually wanting it. And the thought made you nervous. So you stared up at him, at his pink lips, always resting in a permanent scowl, and the scar across his pale face. You met his eyes, dark and full of lust, surrounded by dark circles. The look sent shivers down your body, resulting in warm tingles between your legs. Yes, you wanted him. You continued kissing him, and he felt that although your shaking did not subside, you were kissing him more eager now, sending a message. He was confused, nervous, too. It had been years since he had allowed himself to be vulnerable, to feel any sort of emotion besides anger. But the anger was still there, clouded by lust and compassion. He could feel it, anger at the Supreme Leader. He allowed it to flow through his blood, and he could feel it at his fingertips as he touched you. He needed a release. He didn’t know what came over him, but he wrapped his arms around your legs and back, and picked you up into his arms. You emitted a soft, “Oh!” when he did, causing his lips to twitch. It took him aback- when was the last time he had truly enjoyed something? Smiled? Laughed? He led you into a room you had never been in before. When he lay you down on the bed, you realized it was where he slept. You felt the nervous energy grow through your body. Your legs were shaking hard and you couldn’t stop the spasms you felt in your stomach. You wanted him, that was true, but you were worried. You watched as he sat on the edge of the bed near your feet, carefully taking off his boots and setting them near the bed. He removed the belt he wore to carry the lightsaber, and set that near his boots too. He then took off the long sleeved shirt he wore, to reveal a more lightweight, short-sleeved top. You were propped up on your elbows, staring at his back. He sat there a moment; his broad shoulders leaned forward, his pale, muscular arms resting on his knees. If he went through with this, he knew everything would change. He would be even more at war with himself than he already was. He knew, if he went through with this, then he would not be able to commit himself fully to the Dark Side like the Supreme Leader wanted him to. Was he ready to make that decision? He had been struggling with himself, his emotions, even his allegiance to the First Order and the Dark Side for months. Ever since Luke Skywalker returned, and the Scavenger proved to be Force-sensitive, he felt a change in himself. When he killed his father, it got worse, he felt instant regret and anger at himself, at the Supreme Leader. He didn’t want to do this anymore. He didn’t want to be constantly torn apart by the Dark and the Light. He wanted to just be. “Are you okay?” He turned at the sound of your voice. He stared at you, lying in his bed, your eyes wide. He let his frustrated expression and anger melt at the sight of you. You were beautiful, perfect. But now was not the time. He stared at you a second more, before nodding. “You have work tomorrow,” He said, “You should probably return to your room and sleep.” It was not what he wanted, but he knew he had a lot more thinking to do before he completely let himself be vulnerable with you. You understood. You knew he was struggling deeply, and you didn’t want to push him to do something he didn’t want. You sat up in bed, looking at him as he stared down at the floor, thinking. You didn’t kiss him goodbye, didn’t hug him. You just walked past him, and left. Notes: oh SHIT! i bet you can tell where this is gonna be going. i LOVED WRITING THIS CHAPTER!! and i know that this isn't really technically smut, there were some lil smutty things in it. i hope everyone enjoyed it!!!!! it was soooo much fun to write. i really hope i did okay. this was my first time ever really venturing into writing smut. i really love the idea of an animalistic-kylo ren who blurs the lines between lust and compassion and therefore just goes for it headfirst because thats all hes been taught by the dark side. im sorry yall have to wait another week to find out what happens, but maybe ill update it a lil sooner since its thanksgiving break and all that shit this weekend. lol. we'll see. thank you for all the comments and kudos as always <3 Chapter 20 : Say My Name Notes: nsfw ahead. come for the major plot development and stay for the porn (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Though Kylo Ren had commanded you to leave, and you had, you couldn’t possibly imagine going back to your quarters. Your body was alight with excitement like you had never felt and the last thing you wanted was to be alone. For the first time, all of the daily anxieties you had felt were gone. You needed to talk to somebody, anybody. You grabbed your datapad as you walked with a bounce in your step through the hallways and sent a quick message to Eighty-Eight, telling him to meet you in the cafeteria when his shift was over. For the first time, you didn’t feel completely alone in the cafeteria. Both your mind and body were still riding the wave of desire and adrenaline that continued to pump through your veins. Though you weren’t hungry, you got yourself food and sat in the cafeteria eating, because it gave you something to do while you waited for Eighty-Eight to show. Finally, once many of the stormtroopers and officers had cleared out of the cafeteria to get back to work, you spotted Eighty-Eight, or at least a stormtrooper that looked like him, holding two cafs in his hands and walking your way. He sat the mugs of hot liquid on the table and you clutched yours greedily as Eighty-Eight removed his helmet and set it on the floor next to his seat. He ran an armored hand through his hair, pushing it off his face and breathing heavily. “Sorry if I was late,” He sipped the caf, and scowled at the hot temperature, “Commander Ren destroyed a computer terminal, had to send for repairs first.” You furrowed your brows and took a sip of the liquid in your hands. It had to have been at least an hour since Kylo Ren had destroyed that wall by your office, why were technicians just now repairing it? “Don’t you mean in the laboratory hallway?” Eighty-Eight shook his head with a scowl, and stared outside for a moment, “No. Techs repaired that hours ago. This was just recently, I’d say about 15 minutes ago.” His eyes met yours again and he smiled that boyish smile you had grown to love, “Why? What’s up?” You shook your head, hiding your face behind the mug of caf so that Eighty-Eight couldn’t see your true expression. So Kylo Ren had gone off and destroyed something else after you had left his quarters? “Nothing.” “He’s really been in a mood recently,” Eighty-Eight said, lowering his voice and moving closer towards you, “Have you noticed?” You felt your eyebrows fly to the middle of your forehead as the breath caught in your throat, “Me? Why would I notice?” Eighty-Eight rolled his eyes with a smirk, “Come on, the whole base knows about the two of you.” “The-the two of us?” Blood was pulsing loud and fast in your ears and all of the excitement you had felt earlier had been replaced with a feeling of sickness. “Well, I’ve only heard it from rumors, and General Hux talking about ‘Ren and the translator’ which can only be you, right?” He smiled hopefully, and it was then you realized that he couldn’t possibly know what was going on. Your meetings with Kylo Ren had all been in secret, and why would either of you choose to disclose that to anyone else? “Right,” You sighed, “Yes, we’re…friends, I guess. But not like you and I. It’s a really weird story, and you wouldn’t believe any of it, but we’re just friends.” It felt weird to lie, especially to someone as honest and loyal and Eighty-Eight, but you weren’t ready to tell him. In fact, you weren’t sure if you would ever tell Eighty-Eight. The man in front of you just held up his hands in surrender, and chuckled, “Fine, I believe you.” You sat in silence for a while then, occasionally sipping your caf or staring outside. It felt so nice to finally see Eighty-Eight again, after what had seemed like months of being cooped up inside of your quarters, working on maps or worrying about Kylo Ren. “Are you still thinking of, you know,” Eighty-Eight leaned forward across the table, and whispered, “ Leaving ?” The question caught you off guard. The quick answer was yes, you dreamed about it everyday, finally traveling to ancient ruins and big cities like the ones you had heard about in University. But it couldn’t be that easy. You couldn’t leave Eighty-Eight behind, and you certainly couldn’t leave without Kylo Ren. You shrugged, “Yes and no.” You offered Eighty-Eight a smile, but he nodded, prodding you on. You laughed softly, “Yes, I am. But it’s not that easy. I have commitments here now, friends I can’t leave behind.” Eighty-Eight groaned, and leaned back in the chair, crossing his arms over the pristine white stormtrooper armor. “That’s a bummer, because if you would’ve said yes, I would’ve said I have a buddy who can get you out of here.” For the second time, you felt a sickening feeling bubble in your stomach. It was like the whole base had gone quiet, save for the heartbeat in your chest. It was your turn to lean forward towards Eighty-Eight, “Are you serious?” Eighty-Eight uncrossed his arms and leaned forward so that his face was inches from yours. His eyes darted around the cafeteria, before landing on yours with a nod. “I have a buddy I helped defect months ago. Nobody’s been able to find him. He contacts me, tells me he’s a smuggler now. He says he owes me one. He tells me I can leave whenever I want, just say the word. And he wants me to tell as many people as possible, the more that leave the First Order, the better. Makes the First Order look bad, makes them weak.” Eighty-Eight leaned back in the chair, a satisfied smile resting on his face. He brought his hands together behind his neck. “So?” You stared forward at Eighty-Eight, dumbfounded. It was all moving so fast. You opened your mouth to reply but nothing came out, and you shook your head wildly, “So what ?” “So are you in or are you out?” Eighty-Eight chuckled, his arms dropping to his sides now. You closed your mouth, but continued to shake your head and stare down at the table in front of you. You’d wanted to leave for months now, what exactly was holding you back? If you told Kylo Ren you were leaving, surely he would understand. Though there was that part of you that was excited to leave, to finally be gone from the First Order, there was another part that said you couldn’t, and wouldn’t, do it. You didn’t want to doubt yourself, but it was a side effect of your anxiety. Every possible outcome flew through your head at once, focusing especially on the bad ones. What if Eighty-Eight or his friend were lying? What if they turned you in to General Hux and you got executed for treason? What if you never got to see Kylo Ren again? When you thought of him though, waves of emotion began to hit you. You remembered the way his lips had felt on yours, how hungry and desperate he had been for you, and your heart ached for him. And though he had become special to you, you knew that continuing the relationship with him would only doom the both of you. Whatever your plans were after leaving the First Order, maybe Kylo Ren would find you eventually. But you knew that whatever he had to do, he had to do without you. You found yourself nodding at Eighty-Eight’s request. A small smile grew on your face, and you looked up to meet his eyes, “Yes. I’m in.” Eighty-Eight grinned, pumping a fist into the air with a, “Yes!” When you had finally left the cafeteria with Eighty-Eight, the late night was already starting to have its effect on you. As you passed through the hallways and caught sight of the darkness outside, you had to fight the urge to yawn. You finally entered your quarters and jumped straight into bed, falling asleep almost immediately. You awoke the next morning to the bright sun reflecting off of the snow outside your window. After much blinking and rubbing with the palms of your hands, you finally pulled the shade over the window and sat up in bed. Almost immediately, you noticed another presence in the room. You turned, seeing Kylo Ren’s dark figure sitting at your kitchen table. You felt quite embarrassed; you hadn’t cleaned since the last time he had been there, though now he didn’t seem to mind. Though you weren’t Force-Sensitive, you could feel his uneasiness from across the room. “I don’t want to do this anymore,” He finally said from under the mask. “Then don’t,” You said, getting up from bed to make yourself a cup of caf to wake yourself up. “The Supreme Leader-“ With your back turned to him, you silently shook your head as you grabbed yourself a mug, “Commander, I don’t know who that is, but I trust you can make your own decisions.“ “Why do you call me that?” He asked, his voice suddenly harsh, “You know my name.” “You’re my superior,” You replied, turning towards him, “When we were…talking, I called you Ben. It’s hard to call you something else.” “Kylo Ren,” He said, and you nodded. “Are you really going to leave the First Order? The Supreme Leader?” You questioned, moving to join him at the table. He sat unnaturally still, though his helmet stayed pointed towards the ground. You could almost see the cogs in his head working from underneath the mask. “I can’t do this anymore,” He repeated quietly, “It’s not fair to me, and it’s not fair to all of the people I’ve killed in vain.” You nodded in reply. Ever since you’d known him, you’d known him to be struggling. You knew he wasn’t fully committed to the Dark- he had so much regret for all of his actions, and the way he looked at you… “Where would you go?” You said quietly. “I told you my father was a smuggler,” He mumbled, “Nobody knows…nobody knows Ben Solo and Kylo Ren are the same person. If we…” He sighed, resting his head in his hands. He obviously hadn’t meant for it to slip that he wanted for you to leave with him. But your eyes had already grown wide with the revelation, “We? Are you saying that we should become smugglers? Outlaws? Together ?” You asked, “That’s…that’s insane. We can’t do that. There would be people looking for you everywhere. You’re recognizable.” “That’s not true,” He replied from behind his hands. “Are you kidding?” You chuckled at the thought of Kylo Ren dressed in inconspicuous smuggler’s clothes, “You have a scar across your whole face, and a red lightsaber. Do you understand how many decades it’s been since the galaxy has seen a red lightsaber?” “I can destroy the lightsaber,” He snapped, and you could tell the thought pained him. You remembered when he took his lightsaber off his hilt when he was angry, and how careful he had set it down. All Jedi made their lightsabers themselves, so you knew how hard it would be for him to get rid of something so dear to him. “You could get another one,” You suggested, “My father-“ “Your father is dead,” He growled, staring up at you. You jumped at his voice and blinked at him. You could feel a lump in your throat beginning to form, and you looked down, furrowing your eyebrows. “How do you know that?” You said softly, tears falling from your face. “I looked at your file,” Kylo Ren said, his voice wavering, “They’ve been dead for years.” You’d always expected them to be dead, but you never wanted to admit it. You never had been close to them, especially as an adult, but they were your only living family left. Without them, you were completely alone. I wish I could’ve at least said sorry. And though you had come to terms a while ago with the fact that your parents were probably dead, hearing it out loud made it all the more absolute. A small part of you had even begun to grow, thinking that if you left the First Order there would be a possibility you would be reunited with them. “Get out.” You said, angry tears now falling down your face. You forced your eyes shut, your chin trembling, and hands clenched into shaking fists next to you. “I-“ “GET OUT!” You shouted at him, your throat raw. He only stared at you, and you wished that he would for once take off that damn mask. How dare he hide behind it while you had to suffer in his revelation? “Fine,” He growled, standing up and walking out of your room. Because you had not told General Hux you were resigning, and frankly you weren’t sure you would even give him the satisfaction of a resignation, you still continued to go to work on a daily basis. For the next week, you continued to have secret meetings with Eighty-Eight in your quarters, revising the plans to leave. If everything went the way you and he had discussed, the both of you would be able to leave the First Order in less than a month. In between work and meetings with Eighty-Eight, somehow your brain still found time to think about Kylo Ren and what he had told you. You were angry with him, but found it difficult to hold a grudge against him. Deep down, you had known that your parents had been dead, and the news had only solidified that gut feeling deep into your mind. In a way, knowing that your parents were at peace almost felt like a weight lifted off of your shoulders. They were now one with the Force. But when you returned to your room later that week, you had an unexpected visitor in the form of Kylo Ren at your kitchen table. Though it had been several days since he had delivered the news about your parents, and you had found yourself finally accepting it, you still couldn’t believe his audacity in seeking you out. “Get out,” you growled, throwing your workbag onto the floor and standing in the doorway. “Just listen,” he said, standing up. He was wearing his uniform again, but his helmet was on the floor next to his feet. “I was going to tell you eventually.” You laughed and rolled your eyes, “Well, thanks for waiting until the opportune moment.” You moved across the room and sat on your bed, staring across the room at him. He narrowed his eyes at you and clenched his fists at his sides. “You didn’t even care about them,” He snapped back at you. His eyes were dark pools of anger and his words cut like a vibrosword. “That doesn’t mean that I can’t be sad when I get the news that my whole family is dead,” You said, your voice rising, “Gods, for someone so smart, you can be really clueless….It doesn’t matter, anyways,” You continued, “I’m leaving soon.” Though you were leaving soon, you and Eighty-Eight still had not figured out an official date. So technically what you told Kylo Ren was a lie, and maybe he had sensed it, because he became even angrier. You watched him scowl at you and turn his back to you, grabbing and activating the lightsaber in one swift move. You were frozen in shock. Was he going to kill you? You had never seen the lightsaber so close. It cracked and hissed menacingly in his hands, unstable and wild. He held it in his shaking hand, before hitting it against the wall in front of him. You watched as the whole room lit up in sparks. His shoulders heaved every time he swung the lightsaber against the wall, and you could hear him groaning with every move. The power that he exhibited made something deep in you grow warm, and you fought at first to hide it. But watching him with so much anger, so much power, it made you feel something you hadn’t felt in a long time. “Go ahead, destroy the whole room!” You shouted at him, “I’m not going to be using it for much longer anyways.” He stopped, his back still to you, his shoulders heaving with every breath. He extended the arm that wasn’t holding his lightsaber and opened the window behind you. Cold air rushed in from outside, but you realized he was doing it so the smoke had somewhere to go. He dropped his arm to his side, and deactivated the lightsaber. He didn’t set the lightsaber down until he turned back around and put it on the table. He stared down at you from under his dark messy hair, his eyes red and his lips in a hard frown. He took off his cowl and robe, and crossed the room to where you sat in your bed. Suddenly, he was on top of you, his mouth on yours. You were caught off guard, you thought he would choke you, torture you. No , you reminded yourself, That’s the Kylo Ren everyone else knows. This is my Kylo Ren. He kissed you hard, pushing you back down onto the bed. He wanted this. He wanted you. How could you expect him to be okay with you leaving? Without him? Without even telling him? He grabbed a handful of your hair while he kissed you and tugged on it, emitting a small moan from you. The noise shocked him, and he stopped kissing you. You looked up at him, confused, your mouth red already from his lips. “What?” You said breathlessly, staring at his face. His dark hair fell in waves in front of his eyes, but you could still see it- the anger, the lust. Had he never been with a woman before? Was this his first time? You pulled his head back down where his lips met yours. He wasted no time in getting your shirt off, staring at you for a second with just your bra on. You shivered in the cold, but closed your eyes and sighed at the warmth of his hands as he cupped your breasts. He took off your bra next, stopping for a moment to stare down at you. He was speechless, breathing deeply as he stared at you. He moved his hands on the soft warm skin of your stomach, and back up to your breasts. He massaged them and pinched your nipples, staring at your face as you looked up at him with pink cheeks and eyes closed as you moaned at the sensation. You wrapped your hands around his neck, guiding him down where he licked and sucked on your breasts, occasionally biting your nipples softly. He could feel himself get hard, the blood pulsing hard and fast between his legs. He wanted you so badly. This time, he didn’t want to be embarrassed by his feelings, by his urges. He would not be weak. He hastily took off your pants and underwear, and massaged your clit as he kissed you. You moaned on his mouth with the sensation of his fingers on your clit, pushing your hips up against his hand. “You will not leave,” He commanded gruffly, his mouth on your lips. You blushed at the command, staring up at him. He was quickly pulling off his clothes in layers. Soon he was only in his undergarments. He crawled back on top of you, the skin of his legs brushing yours gently. He wanted this. You wanted this. He kissed you hungrily, eager to feel and taste you as much as he could. Suddenly he pulled your hips to the edge of the bed where he took off your underwear and crouched down in front of you. You sat up on your elbows to look down at him, where he was kissing the insides of your thighs. You sat back with a sigh, your eyes closed and one hand knotted in his long hair. He began burying his face in the folds of your sex, licking and sucking your clit and massaging your thighs with his hands. You sat up once again to look down at him, and he looked up at you with dark, lust-filled eyes, while he flicked his tongue over your clit. You moaned again in pleasure, grinding your wetness on his tongue. You grabbed handfuls of his dark hair, both to steady yourself and to bring him as close to you as possible. You suddenly felt a pressure, and the sensation of his fingers inside of you. You could already feel your face starting to get hot, and an orgasm forming in your core. You continued to grind yourself on his tongue, your head thrown back and to the side while you grabbed onto the sheets with your other hand. You moaned and pulled on his hair, you needed him closer, until you couldn’t hold it in anymore. You let out a loud moan, digging your nails into your bed and into Kylo Ren’s hair. It was ethereal, sublime, otherworldy. Waves of pleasure washed over your body like you had never felt before and a thought, is it the Force?, crossed your mind while your mouth hung open in a soundless “O”. After, you felt your whole body decompress, like you were sinking into the mattress. You became aware of your hand in his hair, and the other on the sheets, and you let go. You wanted to smile, to laugh; you hadn’t felt that happy, that relaxed, that free in so long. You pushed your hair off your face, and looked up to Kylo Ren who was now standing. He was looking at you with greedy eyes, like a predator looks at prey. He suddenly grabbed onto your hips, and picked you up off the bed, pushing you against the nearest wall. You could feel his body behind you, warm, protective, inviting. He moved one of your legs so it was resting up on your bed, and began kissing your neck. He grabbed a handful of your hair and pulled your head back towards him, to which you moaned silently. The other hand he placed gently on your hipbone, before pressing his body against yours, the bulge in his undergarments pressing against you. He felt your warmth against him and couldn’t wait a second longer. Kissing your neck, he pushed himself hard inside you. You cried out –whether at the pain or pleasure, both of you were not sure- and he started slowly thrusting himself inside you. It was a feeling like he had never experienced. He felt pleasure rise in his chest, threatening to bubble over at any second. But he wouldn’t let it. And he wouldn’t let you feel it yet, either. He was going to make you wait, make you beg for it. He grabbed harder on the handful he had of your hair, making you moan even louder with each one of his thrusts. His other hand moved from your hip and up to your breasts, then up to your throat. His hand lingered there for a moment, unsure, nervous. But then he placed his long fingers around your throat and you moaned, “Yes! Harder!” It took him off guard, and he almost stopped for a moment. His eyes grew wider with lust, surprise, shock, anger. Yes, the anger was there, hiding behind all of the lust and greed and passion he was feeling for you. But it was there, and he wanted to get it out. He needed to get it out, and he needed you to feel it. He grabbed your hips again, pushing you down face first onto the bed, then pulling you close to him again and thrusting himself back inside you. This time, it was hard, rougher; he wanted you to feel what he felt. The pain, the anger, the torment. He leaned over again and pulled another handful of your hair, making you moan again. “Yes!” You screamed, his hand pulling your hair hard, “Harder, please!” Then he pushed you back down into the bed, leaning over and gripping your throat again. With one hand supporting him on the bed, he thrusted hard and fast inside of you, feeling your warmth around him. “Say my name,” He growled into your ear, and he felt your body tense up at the order. He pulled you up so your back was touching him, his hand still around your throat. “Say it!” He commanded, his breath on your neck, and his hair tickling your shoulders. He let go of you and you crawled back onto your hands and knees, moaning underneath him. He grabbed your hair, harder than he had before, and you moaned loudly. “Kylo!” You moaned, your voice loud and wavering with emotion. It was the first time you had ever said his name, ever called him that. The sound of his name made him scowl, moaning silently between gritted teeth. He pulled himself out of you and flipped you over onto your back. Your face was red, your eyes wide with pleasure. “Please,” You begged, and he pushed himself hard inside of you, making you throw your head back, moaning at the combination of pain and pleasure. Eventually you regained your composure at looked up at him as he pushed himself inside of you. He put his hand around your neck again, his thumb in your mouth. He watched you underneath him, helpless, in his power. His other hand held onto a handful of your hair as it rested on the bed next to your next, supporting his body. He wanted to destroy you, to make you feel the pain he had been feeling for so long. He thrusted his hips against yours harder and faster, feeling himself coming closer to reaching his climax. He stared at your face; your eyes closed tight, your mouth open as his thumb latched in your mouth and under your jaw, sweat forming on your forehead, and your hair sticking to your skin. Then to your torso, where his hand was tight around your neck, and your breasts bouncing with every thrust. “Say my name,” He commanded again, feeling he couldn’t hold on for much longer. But he needed to hear it first. He tightened his grip around your throat, pulling your jaw down with his thumb and making you moan. He loved the way you looked like this. “Say it!” “Kylo!” You screamed, feeling yourself reach your second orgasm. You felt him inside you, hard, fast, painful, but it felt so good. Your hands on the sheets balled into tight fists and you arched your back, throwing your head back in a moan. You could feel his thumb move back to your throat, and heard him groan in pleasure. But he wasn’t done yet. With his hand tight around your throat, he pulled harder onto the other hand that was in your hair. “You little whore…do you want me to cum?” He growled, surprising even himself at the words. He had always been such a private, secluded person; where did those words come from? “Yes, Kylo,” You moaned breathlessly, the pressure on your throat increasing. The statement surprised you, but you found yourself liking it. This was a side of him you had never seen before. You bit your bottom lip, staring up at his eyes from behind his dark, sweaty hair. You wrapped your arms around his back, pulling him closer to you. He moaned softly, thrusting himself faster and harder inside of you. You dug your fingers deep into his back, the other hand tangling in his hair. Suddenly his hands left your throat and hair, and he placed them at the sides of your head, where he grabbed handfuls of the sheets around you. His mouth hung open and his face was red, his eyebrows were knitted together and he closed his eyes tight. His dark hair stuck to his sweaty face as his chin trembled, mouthing silent words. It was pure pleasure. No amount of feeling the vibration of his lightsaber in his hand could have amounted to this feeling. It was warm, electric, starting at his core and filling every crevice of his body. The Force was there too, like he had never experienced. It was raw, uncontrollable, and alive with power. The pleasure replaced the anger, the pain he had been feeling for so long. He felt it enter through and be released by the Force. And then, it was gone. Notes: it FINALLY HAPPENED! an update: i think its safe to say that this fic will be ending very soon. i still havent written any chapters after this so idk how many are left but now that reader is 100% on board with leaving the base, that is probably where her story will end. but dont worry! you will have enough time to prepare for the end. btw this was updated a day early because finals are this week and i have literally so many projects i need to finish tomorrow that i wasnt even sure i would have time to write and update this. also, rogue one tickets go on sale tonight at midnight and i wanted to be able to just buy those and go straight to bed hahaha as always, thank you for all your lovely comments and kudos <3 i love you all :,) Chapter 21 : Far Away Notes: im so sorry for being mia for almost three weeks! between shopping for gifts, final projects, christmas parties, and getting ready to go out of town next week ive been so busy. i hope you all forgive me. this is a good chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You lay in bed, sweaty, breathless, and next to Kylo Ren. You still hadn’t said anything to each other, and you assumed it had been at least 20 minutes since… You wanted to get up, use the refresher, and tell him to leave. You felt uncomfortable, embarrassed with yourself. You were a private person; you hadn’t been with anyone in years. You didn’t even want to look at him. You didn’t want to admit that you had liked it. How had you gone from this nervous, shy girl that was unable to even go to the cafeteria by yourself to letting Kylo Ren choke you and call you names while you had sex? “I think-“ You started, but he stood up at the sound of your voice, and began dressing frantically. You had wanted him to leave, but now watching him get dressed, it made your heart ache. You didn’t want him to go, to leave you alone. You turned and closed the window he had opened earlier. That had seemed like so long ago. Instinctively, you looked around him to the wall he had destroyed with his lightsaber. Luckily, he hadn’t destroyed anything important. You weren’t one for decoration, anyways. You picked up the shirt you had been wearing and your underwear, putting them on in silence. You looked over to where Kylo Ren was, and he already had most of his uniform on already. Was he embarrassed too? “Can we just talk about what happened?” You asked quietly, getting back in bed and pulling the covers over your body. It was then you realized your feelings for him hadn’t changed. You’d wanted to have sex with him, so why were you so embarrassed? Why was he? He stopped and sighed, sitting down at the kitchen table. His hair still stuck to his face, and he pushed it back. He stared at the ground, his face flushed and shiny. But deep circles still surrounded his eyes and his lips hardened into a frown. “What is there to talk about?” He said, slipping on his boots. “You feel for me,” you blurted out, “You wouldn’t have done this with me if you didn’t.” He looked up at you as if you had offended him. “I did it because I was angry,” He growled. But he knew that he did feel for you. He felt something very strong for you, in fact, and the feeling scared him. Even staring at you now, your hair a mess and face wet from the sweat, he thought you were beautiful, and he wanted to stay with you. But he knew, too, that he would never have a normal life. Even if he left the system, went to a neutral planet, he would always be carrying the baggage of Kylo Ren. You called his bluff, “That’s not true and you know it.” You could already feel your chin starting to tremble, but this time you wouldn’t hold back your tears. “You can’t be scared of your feelings forever,” You mumbled, then stronger, “I’m not ashamed to admit my feelings for you. And I know you think it’s dumb of me to like you, but I don’t. Because I’m not trying to fix you. I’m not trying to make you choose between Light and Dark…I’m just trying to do what makes me happy. If I leave without you, then I’ll get over you. I’ve been alone most of my life anyways.” You sighed, looking down at your hands in your lap, tears falling down onto the comforter. “And I know you have the ability to overcome your anger, your hate, whatever it is, and feel compassion for something. I know you can do it, but you need to do it yourself. I’ll be there with you, you know I will, I want to be …but you need to be the one to do it. Not me.” You wiped the tears from your face, and looked up at him. He was staring at you, his eyes wide, and his mouth still in a hard line. What was he supposed to say to you? It had been so long since anyone had felt any way towards him except hate or anger. You were different, you believed in him. He wanted to run, to board the Command Shuttle and leave without telling anyone. He would become someone else, in a new place, where nobody knew who Kylo Ren was. But he knew he couldn’t. He would have regret and anger constantly battling inside him. He had already taken a step towards changing himself months ago, but he needed more time. And he couldn’t do it himself. He opened his mouth to reply, but closed it again. For decades, his whole life had been made up of political outings, commanding orders…how would he tell you his feelings? He took a deep breath, and closed his eyes. He needed to look past the hate, the regret, the anger, and find the place he had been resisting for months. He needed to feel that compassion, affection, even though he had been pushing it back down ever since he met you. Refusing his emotions for you would only make him a coward. He needed to heed your advice and accept himself and his emotions for what they truly were. He opened his eyes, staring at you. At your eyes, flooded with tears, and the wet paths they traced down your face. “I feel something towards you that I have not felt in many years,” He began, staring down at the floor, “I’m scared of this feeling. I was taught to push away compassion.” He glanced up at you, at your glossy eyes; face still wet from tears and sweat. “I need to embrace who I am,” He said. It was hard admitting that to you, to himself, and saying it out loud made it all the more real. “You like me,” You said with a small smile, wiping the wetness from your cheeks. You knew Kylo Ren wasn’t the type to hug it out, to kiss you goodbye after a date, or even go on a date, but knowing he had feelings towards you at all was enough for you. He nodded in reply. He looked over you, and nodded again. He grabbed his helmet from the kitchen table, put it over his head, and walked to the door. With one last look at your smile, he left. Kylo Ren lay in his bed in his quarters, wide-awake, staring up at the ceiling. His hands were folded together over his stomach, his brows furrowed together as he thought about the time he had spent with you.He hadn’t shared his feelings about anyone or anything in years, and now he was learning how. He needed to embrace the good feelings- happiness, compassion, affection, love. Love. The word surprised him; he had almost forgot what it meant. What was love? He had not felt love since he was young, and the memories were so vague that he could not remember how it felt to love and be loved. You were a strange creature, somehow making him feel things he had not felt in decades. He felt things towards you that he had only heard other people talk about. The way his father looked at his mother, and the small smile she would get when he came home. Was that love? No, he figured. There was love there, at some point, but when his father left, all of the love was gone. He couldn’t remember what love was, if he had known it at all. Love had to be the way his mother would hold him tight after one of his tantrums, or the way his father smiled as he and Chewie gave him flying lessons in the Falcon… He felt warmth in his chest, the same one he felt when he was around you, the same warmth he had been resisting for months. Was this love? He thought of his mother and Master Luke, the love they shared with each other as siblings. He thought of his father, and how he would sit him up in the co-pilot’s seat of the Falcon, teaching him how to pilot the ship. He thought of his mother, her face in his mind still young and beautiful, leading as the General of the Resistance. He thought of the hologram General Hux had shown him over a year ago, of his mother explaining plans to a young pilot he himself would come to torture. She had grown old, and there was sadness in her eyes he could distinguish even from the hologram. He thought of General Hux’s words when they had first gotten news of the droid in the hands of his father. Careful Ren, he had said, that your personal interests not interfere with orders from Leader Snoke… He thought of his father, how his hand had felt on his face after he had plunged the lightsaber into his gut, a sharp pang of regret making him feel sick to his stomach. But that had been so long ago. He was Kylo Ren, fully dedicated to the Dark Side, willing to do whatever it took to lead the First Order and the Supreme Leader to victory. He had been overcome with hate, lust for power, and arrogance. He hated Master Luke, his parents, General Hux, anyone who resisted him. He had taken pride in being a warrior, killing and torturing for the Dark Side. He would push down his feelings of regret, and would thrive on hate and arrogance. He trained for hours every day, always imagining how he would kill Master Luke and the Scavenger from Jakku when he found them again. But then, the regret would come seeping in, hard and fast like waves, and he couldn’t stop it. He always thought himself to be invincible, but he wasn’t. In battle, he was scared, though arrogant and proud of his training, but scared he would never be good enough. It got worse after killing his father, after lying in the medbay for weeks, with nothing but his thoughts and the Force Connection he still held with his mother. He felt her pain, her sadness, mostly at night, when she would be kept awake with thoughts of Han Solo. Her feelings would keep him up, too. He always wondered whether she could feel him too, and his regret. The regret became too powerful at times, making him question his allegiance with the First Order. General Hux had sensed it right away, alerting the Supreme Leader that Kylo Ren’s commitment to the Dark Side was faltering. He would always be there with the General, pleading with Leader Snoke that he was still committed to the Dark Side, but deep down, when he was alone in his quarters at night, he knew different. He often spent most of his nights awake. He would train in the Force alone in his room, learning how to distance himself away from his mother. There were times he would still hear his mother calling to him, but he never knew if it was his imagination or not. He was often reminded of her last words to him. I love you, Ben, she had said, You will be a great Jedi someday. “A Jedi,” he said out loud. The word stung in the back of his throat. He was never destined to be a Jedi. He always believed he was destined for something greater. Like his grandfather had been prophesized to bring balance to the Force, Kylo Ren believed he was destined to bring order to the galaxy. He was never meant to be a Jedi, to fight for the Light Side. Master Luke had known that right away, had sensed his anger the first time he had met him. He had tried to purge it out of him with meditation and books, but it never worked. Ben had wanted to be a Jedi. But Kylo Ren had come and made sure that never happened. When he wasn’t training in the Force, he was in the gym working out. It was the only way he could get away from responsibilities and expectations he had from Leader Snoke or General Hux. It was the only place where his mind would go completely blank, where he could be alone. But, of course, that all changed when he saw you for the first time. The first time he had seen though was as Kylo Ren, in the cafeteria, for dinner. He had been going to the cafeteria late at night as soon as he had been released from the medbay on the new base. It was a change of scenery, and everyone was too afraid of him to try to disturb his peace. But you were different. He could sense your anxiety the moment you had walked in, and it had caught his attention, distracted him from his thoughts. But when you had gotten food and had sat down, your mind went blank. He had stolen a glance, to where you sat eating, staring out at the window. He thought you curious- why were you not afraid of him? He had gotten used to seeing you at dinners, but was surprised when he saw you in the gym. He was not Kylo Ren at the gym. He just was. And he was scared, terrified actually, that you would recognize him. He was vulnerable, it was an intimate setting, and he couldn’t risk you seeing him without his mask and his uniform. So he ran. Like a coward. Every time he would see you at the gym, without his mask or uniform, he would run away back to his quarters like a frightened youngling. The anger and resentment he felt for himself after those moments caused him to have a restless night of sleep, and he would wake up and destroy whatever wall or Force-Choke whatever person was in the way that morning. He thought about you. How warm and soft your body had been, and how good you had made him feel. He felt blood creeping to his cheeks and he scowled at the feeling. He was not used to feeling this way, he was not meant to feel this way. But he wanted to keep thinking about it. About how smooth your skin was, the how good he had felt inside of you, and how willing you had been to share such an intimate moment with him. He did not deserve you. He did not deserve your feelings towards him, yet you gave them to him willingly. Why? He once thought you a fool, but now he wondered if you were blinded by your feelings. But the second he thought that, he shook his head. You were smart, logical; you didn’t let your emotions take hold like he did. You were selfish in the best way possible, self-preserving. Whereas he was arrogant, and scared of his feelings. Beneath all of the self-hate, anger, and regret, he wanted to be with you, but he knew he could not rely on you. You were self-reliant, and he respected that. But you had chosen to be with him. If you left without him, he knew he would be devastated. He would not only lose somebody he had feelings for, but he would lose a best friend. He wanted your support, while he learned how to change, to be a better person. In the morning, you finally worked up the courage to General Hux you wanted to quit. You’d woken up early and made sure to shower and take time on your appearance. You rehearsed what you were going to say to him at least a hundred times before walking to work. When you arrived, he was already there waiting with breakfast. You should’ve taken his presence as an omen. “You aren’t quitting, Y/n,” He had said, a bitter smile on his face as he looked down at his datapad, “You are contractually obligated to stay here and work until the First Order has no need of you. You can, of course, try to escape, but that hasn’t worked out well for people in the past.” He looked up at you, a smirk on his face. You wanted so badly to smack that stupid look off of his face. “What about FN-2187 and the Resistance pilot that escaped earlier this year?” You snapped, “I sure hope you’ve updated your security protocols since.” Hux’s smirk twitched ever so slightly before it turned into a smile, “Nobody is leaving without my permission.” You watched as he gave you one last smirk before turning and leaving. You followed behind him and shut the office door, resting your back against the wall as you slid down it and onto the floor. You dropped your head into hands when you felt tears stinging your eyes. Your heart wasn’t in your work anymore, and now that Commander Ren didn’t even want to look for the Jedi, why was it your responsibility to find the locations of the last two Temples? What would you tell Eighty-Eight now? Knocks on the door behind you made you wipe your eyes quickly and stand up, smoothing out your uniform. You turned and opened the door to an officer standing in your doorway. He wore the uniform of one of the bridge officers. Why was somebody from the bridge here? What did they need from you? “Y/n?” He said, and you nodded, “Commander Ren requests your presence.” With that, he walked away down the hall and you stared after him, wondering why the Commander needed you at this time. You hadn’t even started work yet, hadn’t even eaten breakfast. When you entered the bridge, you told the stormtroopers guarding the doors that you were there to see Commander Ren and they let you in. It had been months since you had been on the bridge, yet nothing had changed. You even recognized some of the people you used to work with operating the computers on the floor. “Y/L/N,” Came Kylo Ren’s deep, distorted voice, making you turn your head quickly in his direction. He stood overlooking the workers on the computers and out to the large windows into the snowy tundra. “Sir?” You replied, walking closer to him, but not close enough. “Are you incompetent?” Came his reply, and your eyes widened at the aggressiveness of his voice. You blinked a few times, staring at the back of his hooded head as he gripped the railing in front of him. “I-Sir, I don’t understand-“ “Are you incompetent?” His gloved hands gripped the railing tighter, and you felt the color drain from your face and cold sweat appear on your forehead. You wanted to throw up- why was he humiliating you in front of all of these people? “No, Sir,” You replied, still staring at the back of his head, “I take pride in working for the First Order.” He must’ve sensed your sarcasm, because he turned quickly, advancing on you so that he was feet away from you now. He stood tall, menacing over you, making your stomach tie itself in knots. “If your allegiance to the First Order is wavering, we can have you executed,” He growled, enunciating every word perfectly so that you got the idea, “Do I make that clear, Y/L/N?” You stared up into his mask, eyes narrowed, and hands balled into fists at your sides. Was this about you wanting to quit? Was General Hux making Commander Ren reprimand you? “Yes, Sir,” You said sweetly, smiling a bitter smile up at his mask. You stared up at him a while longer, until he broke eye contact and returned to where he stood when you had walked in. “Report to me with an account of your day’s work today and for the rest of the week,” He commanded, staring again out into the large windows, “Dismissed.” You would be lying to yourself if you said you didn’t high tail it out of the bridge and back to your office where you closed and locked the door behind you. You sunk down into your office chair at your desk, your head on the table. What the hell was that all about? Was it an act to intimidate you or prove himself to Hux? Report to him after work all day this week? You thought, starting to pick at your cold breakfast, Why does he suddenly care what I do at work? That day, you worked extra hard. Hux ignored you when he brought you lunch, but you had expected that. After meeting with the Commander -which you assumed was one hundred percent Hux’s idea- he must’ve thought that you had been put in your place. Though you wanted to tell yourself you weren’t working hard for fear of being executed, you knew the fear was there. You were finishing your report on what you had finished that day when you realized that Commander Ren hadn’t informed you on where to report to. You didn’t want to show up to the bridge unannounced, for fear of being detained by stormtroopers again. You thought for a second to message him on your datapad, but the thought almost made you laugh. You hadn’t messaged him in months, not since you had first met him. You bit your lip, thinking, feeling your anxiety bubble in your chest. It had been awhile since you had felt any real anxiety. You took a few deep breaths, and decided that you would go to his quarters. Your limbs were weak when you got to his door and knocked, trying not to attract too much attention to yourself. The last thing you needed were rumors about you and the Commander, especially after an audience saw him reprimand you earlier in the day. The door slid open soon after you knocked and you were surprised that he was even there. You walked in slowly, taking in the familiar surroundings. You had only been in his quarters a handful of times before, but it always looked the same. “I wasn’t sure where you wanted me to meet you,” You said, always to nobody. You sat down at the kitchen table like you always did and started looking at the notes piled on top of it. Much of it was about politics you were clueless in, and others were about Force Training, the Jedi, and the Sith. The sound of a door opening and closing to your right made you tear your eyes from the notes and look in the direction of the noise. Kylo Ren stood in the doorway of his bedroom, holding his mask one of his arms. He looked at you before sitting on the couch and putting the mask next to him. He looked tired, he always looked tired, but the dark circles under his eyes were darker than usual, and his eyelids hung low on his eyes. You noticed his complexion was paler than usual as he stared at you with his dark, tired eyes. But even below all of the tiredness, you could tell he was happy to see you. You pulled your datapad out of your bag, “I have the report from today.” You held it out to him and he took it in one gloved hand, looking it over. The screen reflected blue off of his skin and it took you everything not to reach over and touch his face. “I don’t need this,” He mumbled, setting the datapad down on the bed next to him, “It was General Hux’s orders. He thinks you’re acting out. I’ll send him the file tonight.” He rubbed his eyes with the palms of his gloved hands and rested his elbows on his knees, looking at you. You smiled slightly. You hadn’t seen him since you’d had sex, and you’d expected it to be awkward between the two of you, but not this awkward. “So today,” You said, looking around the room, anywhere but him, “That wasn’t real? You weren’t really mad at me?” “No,” He replied softly. Your eyes rested on the door that opened to his room. You wondered if you would ever see what it looked like in there again, if you would ever get to spend the night with him. Would he let you see him in such a vulnerable way? But then a string of urgent thoughts interrupted any fantasies. Eighty-Eight. Plans to get off the base. Inability to quit. “We need to leave-“ “I’m working on it,” Came his hushed reply, causing you to look over to him. His head was in his hands, his dark hair cascading over his face. “We both need to leave,” You replied, “You don’t want to be here any more than I do.” “How could you know what I want?” He said, his voice muffled by his gloved hands. “Because I’d like to think that in the six months I’ve known you, I know you well,” You said, realizing for the first time that you really had known Kylo Ren for six months. Had you really been friends for that long? You still struggled to use the word “friends” concerning your relationship with Kylo Ren, but what else would you name it? He sighed in resignation, his hands rubbing across his face. “I’ve been in talks with your friend, the Stormtrooper.” Your eyes widened, and for a second you were at a loss for words. “How do you-?” Kylo Ren waved one gloved hand dismissively, “I’ve known for weeks. You can’t hide anything from me.” And when he looked up at you from between his other hand, you could’ve sworn a small smirk was playing on his lips. Though the though of Kylo Ren prying into your mind and retrieving the information about your plans to leave with Eighty-Eight should’ve angered or even disturbed you, it oddly comforted you. You swallowed hard, “So, does Eighty-Eight know about us?” From behind his hands, Commander Ren shook his head slowly, “No. I told him I tortured you, retrieved the information from your mind, and that I wouldn’t tell General Hux of his plans if he got you as far away from here as possible.” There was silence for a moment as you pondered his words. Part of you was still in awe about the fact that your two worlds had partially collided. Never had you planned to tell Eighty-Eight about your relationship with Kylo Ren. A big part of you was glad that Ren didn’t reveal your personal relationship because it would just make things messy. Eighty-Eight was a good friend, but once you got off of Starkiller Base and assumed a new identity, you hoped to never see him again. Your head cocked slightly and your brows furrowed then as you thought of what Kylo Ren had said. You looked up at him slowly, his head still in his hands. “You said…if he got me as far away from here as possible.” “Yes,” Ren mumbled, his tone suggesting that he already knew what you were going to say next. “You’re not coming?” The disappointment in your voice was much clearer than you had intended it to be. You watched with tired eyes as Kylo Ren lifted his head slowly out of his hands, his dark eyes meeting yours. And finally, a small, sad smile crossed his lips, and you knew the answer. Notes: i promise i didnt forget about this fic. as i stated before, ive just been so busy and the last thing on my mind was writing a new chapter. but i hope that you enjoyed this longish chapter. FYI: i will be out of town for a week starting next wednesday. in addition to this update, im PRAYING to have another uploaded on monday, before i leave for a week. so no updates after that until i get back home. guys, we're nearing the end ): these next few chapters are gonna be really emotional and im hoping they're gonna tie up some loose ends and hopefully wrap this fic up in a good way. but good news! i have my other fic What Once Was currently ongoing and there is literally no end in sight for that thing. and i have a lot of ideas for one-shots in the future. so im not going anywhere even when this fic is done. still no idea when the last chapter is, but once i know i'll update for you all. since i won't be seeing you all until after christmas, merry christmas if you celebrate it and happy holidays if you celebrate anything else! my favorite gift this year has been you all <3 ALSO: ROGUE ONE. AAAAHHHHH. Chapter 22 : I'll Show You the Dark Side Notes: lol, this chapter is really really nsfw and angsty. seriously. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “You’re not coming with us,” This time it wasn’t a question, and you couldn’t control the frustration in your voice. The smile he held was gone within a matter of seconds, replaced by a frown and downcast eyes above it. Finally he spoke, “I can’t. I have too many responsibilities here.” His hands fidgeted with the gloves he wore, finally resolving to take them off and throw them on the floor beside him. You noticed his shaking hands and felt a pang of sympathy for the man. “You can leave with us,” You said softly, “You can leave all of this behind, become a new person. The only thing stopping that from happening is you.” Kylo Ren snorted from where he sat, shaking his head and raising his eyes to meet yours, “You were the one who agreed it would be impossible for me to assume a new identity. Everyone would know who I am no matter where I go.” You shook your head slowly; though you knew what he said was true. You opened your mouth to reply, but nothing came out. No words of confidence or comfort. Before you could even think of something to say, Kylo Ren had already continued to speak. “Go with Eighty-Eight,” He said, and it was strange hearing the stormtrooper’s nickname come out of his mouth, “He can…” You watched his shaking hands fold into fists, and his eyes search wildly across the floor as he continued his statement, “He can take care of you.” His eyes found yours for a slight moment, dark pools showing from behind his messy hair, and then back down to the floor below him. You felt your body begin to decompress with the weight of your emotions. “I don’t want him to take care of me,” Your voice was quiet and the words came fast as your heart beat hard in your chest, “I want you .” You didn’t have to be Force-Sensitive to notice the immediate change in the room’s atmosphere. You watched Kylo Ren’s eyes move back towards yours, full of anger and lust, and other things. He stood and removed most of his armor and robes, and then walked towards you. The nerves in your body fired all at once, causing you to shake and vibrate in such close quarters. When you raised your head to meet his eyes, he moved his face down to meet yours, placing his large hands on either side of the chair behind you. The sudden movement caught the breath in your throat. You stared forward with wide eyes, your brain foggy and mind completely useless. You’d wanted to talk to him about something, have a discussion, but now it was futile. You were completely in his grasp. “You want me,” His voice broke through the fog, appearing instantly out of nowhere and disappearing once again, slicing harshly through your mind and rendering you speechless. “Yes,” You were breathless, reduced again to that shy girl you thought you had abandoned months ago. How was it that the presence of Kylo Ren always had this affect on you? Ren’s eyes continued to stare intensely into yours, deep chasms of black, surrounded by bruises of purple and green. He gazed unblinking, scrutinizing you, or reading your mind, or possibly a dangerous cocktail of both. You’d learned during your time on this base that Kylo Ren was not someone to cross, and he himself was a force to be reckoned with if he had his way with you. So you found yourself in the strange limbo you always did when you were in such close proximity to Kylo Ren: fear and desire constantly battling in your brain for the upper hand. “Are you sure?” He breathed, his dark eyes narrowing as they searched your face for emotion, and full lips turning up into a smirk. You weren’t sure your brain had even correctly comprehended the remark and you surprised yourself when you felt your own head nodding in reply, though afterwards you couldn’t recall what the question had been. The only thing on your mind was his voice, the warmth of his body close to yours, and the way his lips turned effortlessly up into that smirk, daring you to cross him. He turned away from you, the warmth in the air slowly returning back to normal, and you were vaguely aware of him walking out of the kitchen and into the other room you had only been in once. You swallowed hard, your head turned slightly in his direction, nerves still buzzing and brain still in a fog. I shouldn’t. The two words had somehow sliced their way through your muddled brain and had reached your consciousness. You knew it to be true, and for a moment you remembered why you were even in his quarters anyways. But the thoughts vanished immediately as his tall figure blocked the doorway of his bedroom, threatening eyes gleaming with lust and desire, daring you to walk out of his quarters right now and see what happens. With shaking legs, you stood and continued towards him, feeling foolish in his presence. The smirk on his lips was more prominent as you approached him, and you pondered for a moment just how someone so wildly attractive, powerful, and animalistic -even uncontrollable at times- had chosen you. “Don’t overthink it,” His voice was soft as a hand caught in your hair, calloused fingers and rough skin cradling your head and lifting your chin up to meet his lips. His voice had been gentle and the urgency and hunger with which he kissed surprised you. Somehow your back was against the wall, and his warm body was already pressed hard against yours as his hands and lips began to explore every unclothed part of you. His breath was hot on your lips, then your neck, and your collarbones. “I can’t wait much longer,” He breathed against you, and once again you were surprised with his vulnerability and urgency. Strong arms guided you towards the bed, where he pushed you down and for a moment the impact rendered you breathless and dizzy, swimming in the intensity of both of your emotions. He had wanted you the last time you had sex, but you had never seen him like this. And once the lights went out in the room, you knew this would be different. He was everywhere now, one step ahead of you in the darkness, and for a second you were jealous of his attunement to the Force, his ability to seek you out and find you without hesitation, even in the dark. Though the room was cloaked in silence save for the noises either of you decided to make, there was an audible buzzing that permeated through your eardrums and nested itself deep inside your brain, vibrating in time with the firing of your nerves. He wasted no time in removing your clothes, and you began to sweat even in the cold room. Though, unlike before, you weren’t nervous. You’d seen his power many times before, had been witness to what he could do to those who didn’t use the Force, and you welcomed, possibly even craved that power. And he must have sensed it, because once the thought had formed itself in your mind, you felt a Force appear on your neck, lightly at first like he was testing the waters, and then harder after you didn’t object to the initial feeling. The first time he had used his bare hands to choke you, but now he was using the Force, and it was different. Though you weren’t Force-Sensitive, you could feel the raw emotion that he projected through the Force and into the invisible hand around your neck. Anger, desire, lust, pure uninhibited greed and want flowed through the Force like waves. Your whole life you had been exposed to the Force, simply by others telling the Force to be with you, or through friends or acquaintances who could make objects move on their own. But this was different. This was the Force untrained and unrestrained. This was the Dark Side of the Force, which you realized was much more than just making rocks float in the air or tricking the bartender into handing you another drink for free with a wave of your hand. This was the Dark Side, governed by pure hatred and anger. Was he showing these emotions to you? Did he even realize the door he had opened and the connection he now shared with you? You tried to search through the darkness, to find his eyes, or open your mouth and ask him, but realized that he wasn’t aware. He had allowed his own mind, like yours, to become so overcome with desire that he was vulnerable and had unknowingly opened himself up to you. Part of you wanted to tell him to stop, you didn’t want to be a voyeur, catching glimpses of his deepest feelings and thoughts through the Force. But that part was quickly silenced with the overwhelming lust that now flowed into and filled the recesses of your mind. “Since the first time I met you, I’ve wanted to have my way with you,” His voice was different, deep and harsh as it punctured through the darkness, accompanied by the rustle of his clothes and the gentle plop! they made as they landed on the floor below the bed. You willed yourself to speak, to say something in reply, but the great Force on your throat made it close to impossible to say anything louder than a whisper. “I’ve been dedicated to studying the Force for decades. I’ve never taken any lovers, never even thought about women. I’ve been a loyal servant to the Dark Side for years,” He continued, his voice vaguely bitter and briefly muffled as he lifted his shirt over his head and threw it on the floor, “But when I saw you, I knew I had to have you. You were different than the others. Something about you, when I saw you, I thought, ‘She’s going to be the one that makes me break my promise.’” The bed creaked as he returned to the bed, the soft skin of his legs brushing against yours, and the only fabric separating the two of your bodies coming from the underwear he still wore. He placed his hands on either side of your head, and finally you could see his face through the darkness. A large smirk crossed his lips, and even in the darkness you could see his flushed cheeks. Beads of sweat were already beginning to form on his forehead and you could feel them fall warm and wet onto your skin. Though everything was drenched in darkness, his eyes, reflecting a curious shade of pure amber, were blown wide with lust as they gazed excitedly across your skin. “You’re so beautiful,” He finally said in almost a whisper, bringing a hand to support your chin, and slipping his thumb in between your lips, “And I want to destroy you.” You had barely any time to register his words before the fast beating of your heart echoed loud in your ears, and his hands were on your shoulders, flipping you over and pressing your body down into the mattress. You turned your head to the side, straining your eyes to catch any glimpse of him behind you. A hand came from the darkness and knotted itself in your hair, pulling hard and making you release a moan. You felt his body curved against yours, his erection still trapped behind the fabric around his hips as it pressed hard against your ass. His other hand wrapped around you and found a home nestled deep inside of you, two fingers exploring the wetness of your core, before he pulled them out and began to massage your clit. You closed your eyes immediately at the sensation, grinding your hips against his hand and effectively against his hard erection behind you. This went on for awhile, you grinding your hips into the mattress and against his hand, and feeling his own hips move in sync with yours as his warm erection pressed hard against your ass with every thrust. At some point, you quickened your pace against his hand, feeling yourself coming closer to the point of an orgasm. But that was when he extracted his hand from underneath you, and pushed his wet fingers into your mouth. You sucked on them, still breathing deeply and a little frustrated from him not allowing you to come. Then his fingers were gone from your mouth, as well as the Force around your throat, and finally you could breathe freely and speak. “Is this how Sith have sex?” You finally managed to choke out from beneath him. Even though you couldn’t see him, you could feel his body freeze at the remark, possibly at the hands of a bruised ego. All he did was growl in reply, pulling your body up with the hand still knotted in your hair, his head now so close to yours that you could feel his uneven and hot breath on the back of your neck. Suddenly there was a pressure filling your core, and you tried not to melt at the sensation of his cock deep inside of you. “Sith?” He growled breathlessly, the hand not in your hair finding its way to your breasts and pinching one of your nipples in between his fingers, “ I’m no Sith. ” He pushed you back down on the bed, pulling your ass up to meet his pelvis, making your back arch in a way that should not be possible. Grabbing handfuls of your buttocks, he began to pull your body towards him as he thrust himself deep inside of you. The sensation between your legs was only heightened as you listened to him breathe fast and deep from behind gritted teeth, emitting an unsolicited moan every so often, and then silencing himself as if he was embarrassed of the noise. “You know nothing of the Dark Side,” He moaned from behind gritted teeth, quickening his pace inside of you as he already began to feel pleasure bubble up inside of his chest. He grabbed a handful of your hair and tugged hard, eliciting a cry of pleasure from you, to which he responded with another growl. Suddenly, he pulled himself out of you, and the vibration between your legs began to ache with the sudden loss of pressure. Then you felt a Force against your back, pressing you up against the wall and causing you to sit on your knees. Unable to move with the Force holding you in one place, you were only left with your nerves buzzing with pleasure and an overwhelming need to feel him inside you again. Then he was behind you again, his body burrowed against yours, and it would’ve been romantic if you didn’t feel so filthy. He wrapped an arm around your torso, and placed the other on the wall in the front of both of you with a loud smack! His chin rested on your shoulder, and you could feel his breath coming deep and ragged from between gritted teeth. The pressure of his cock inside of you returned again, and you felt every bone in your body become jelly for just a second before he began thrusting inside you again. The hand that was on your breasts returned between your legs, stroking your clit frantically as he burrowed himself deep inside of you. The Force returned around your throat again, and he managed to sneer, “I’ll, ah - I’ll show you the Dark Side. ” And then the Force around your throat grew tighter, causing you to feel new emotions, his emotions. You saw red as you felt his anger, his desire for you, and the overwhelming flurry of thousands of other emotions too weak to rise to the surface. A moan from behind you caused you to break the connection somehow and retreat from his mind. The pressure of him deep inside of you was already beginning to build an orgasm in your chest, but you couldn’t reach down to grab the pillows for support, because the Force around you still held your body in place. His hand that was between your legs came to rest on the wall in front of you and next to the other. You could feel his hair, sweaty and matted on your back as he lowered his head, pressing his forehead somewhere between your shoulder blades. Small gusts of his breath came fast and hard against your back as he thrust himself harder and faster inside of you. Like an ocean wave, pleasure began pouring from inside of him and his breath caught in his throat. His hands, still supporting his body against the wall, balled into tight fists and he released one last moan, quiet and feeble, and then his mouth hung open as his head rested against your back. The Force around your body vanished immediately, and you took the chance to turn towards him. He pulled himself out of you and sat behind you on his knees, head cast down towards the mattress. The pale skin of his chest rose and feel deep with every breath, and even in the darkness you could see a layer of sweat covering his body. He swallowed hard, pushed his long, wet hair out of his face, and raised his eyes to meet yours. A small smirk still played on his lips, and the golden tint of his eyes was the only color you could see in the darkness. He stretched an arm out and you fell flat against the bed, your body once again in the invisible restraints. You watched helplessly as he stood and put most of his clothes on, save for his shirt. Then, he stared down at you on the bed for a moment, and exited the room. You did your best to glance around the room quickly, though it wasn’t easy when the Force was holding you against the bed. You worried for a moment that he was going to leave you there, but then you saw his figure arrive back in the darkness, and relief crashed over you. His figure crouched down in front of where you lie on the bed, and he spoke, “I’m not done with you yet.” Then he lifted a hand towards you and you felt a force begin to massage your clit. Unable to move or speak, you only stared up at him, eyes rolling back in your head at the pleasure rolled over you. This is impossible! Surely there has to be rules on when or where to use the Force- But your thoughts were cut off, possibly he had sensed them, and the pressure on your clit increased. Another pressure appeared on your throat, and you moaned silently against the invisible restraints on your body. Your whole body vibrated in protest; you needed an outlet, needed to grab the sheets next to you, cry out- And then the Force was gone, and the warmth you had not noticed in the moment was gone, too. You lay shivering in the cold and the silence, propping yourself up on your elbows and staring up at Kylo Ren’s figure in the darkness. Once again, he crouched down and this time he held something in his hand that you couldn’t make out in the dark. “What is that?” You whispered, your voice smaller and more breathless than you had imagined it would be. Frankly, you didn’t care what he was holding; you just needed him to touch you again. But then your question was answered when he ignited the object with a woosh! and the room lit up in red as the familiar tri-bladed lightsaber appeared in front of you. Your first instinct was to pull your body away, grab your things and run. But you had seen him use the lightsaber before, had seen how quick he was to cut down anyone that got in his way. But once that instinct disappeared, curiosity replaced any fear you’d held. The glow of the lightsaber lit up his face, casting dark shadows across his skin, and illuminating the sneer on his lips. You didn’t need to ask what he was planning, for it was written all over his face. You watched as he crouched down towards you again, still holding the lightsaber in one hand, its glowing blade inches from your skin. The excitement and nervousness of being so close to the weapon caused desire anew to rise up in your stomach. You heard the vibration of the weapon before you felt it. It buzzed loud in your ears and seemed to echo throughout the room. Then you felt it on your clit, and it created a chain reaction through your body. From your clit it vibrated down your legs, through your stomach and chest, up your arms, and finally up your neck, causing you to throw your head back in pleasure. Immediately you cried out at the sensation between your legs, grabbing handfuls of the bed sheets and bucking your hips up to press your clit harder against the metal hilt. Then you felt one of Ren’s hands on yours, guiding it to the lightsaber and wrapping your fingers around it. The weapon was much heavier than you had initially expected it to be. The hilt was warm to the touch, almost too hot, and it vibration was unstable, unguided, and it sent rivers of tremors up your arm. You looked down for a second at Ren, a feeble attempt to make sure what you were even doing was okay, but his eyes only gleamed golden in the red light as he kissed the insides of your thighs and slipped two long fingers inside of you. At the beginning, you had a feeling that what you were doing was so wrong. That somewhere there were dead Jedi who were watching you through the Force, shaking their heads in dismay. Part of you even felt disrespectful, and at the beginning, you wanted to stop. The Force, the Jedi, the Sith, the use of lightsabers were all ancient and to be respected and cared for. But as you were reaching your orgasm, all of those things disappeared. The vibration from the hilt of the lightsaber was something you had never felt before. And, you would never tell Kylo Ren this, felt even better than the Force on your clit, or even the use of his tongue. Within a matter of moments, you were already clutching hard onto the bedsheets, head thrown to the side, breathing deeply, and pumping your hips against the weapon. Sensing your climax, you felt Ren’s fingers thrust faster inside of you, as he stared from you to the lightsaber you held. Finally, you couldn’t take any more, and the pleasure that had been building in your chest finally came to a head and blossomed throughout your whole body. Warmth crashed through your body, and the hand clutching the bed sheets balled into such a tight fist that your nails dug into your palms. Your mouth hung open and your eyes were closed tight as your back arched upward, against Ren’s fingers, against the lightsaber. And then it was gone. Your body seemed to sink down into the mattress, your eyes remained closed, and your hand unclenched from the sheets. You were vaguely aware of Ren taking the lightsaber from your weak hand, and deactivating it. The room went silent as you heard him put the lightsaber away, and put his clothes back on. Finally, a soberness returned to your mind as you lie in Kylo Ren’s bed, breath still coming in deep inhalations, accompanied by a soreness between your legs. What time is it? You finally regained enough composure to open your eyes in the darkness, to find yourself completely alone. You turned and looked outward at the window in the bedroom you hadn’t noticed before. Darkness fell on the base, and you yawned almost in reply. You wrapped your arms around your naked body, looking from the window into the dark room. Kylo Ren was nowhere to be found. Eventually you gathered up your clothes and put them on, finally stepping out into the kitchen. It was quiet, and it took you awhile to notice that Kylo Ren was already asleep on the couch in the kitchen. His face was still flushed and wet with sweat, and his dark hair stuck up in odd ways. His lanky body was squeezed uncomfortably on the couch, and a blanket that hadn’t made its way up to the couch with him was lying on the floor below his body. He lay on his side, one hand between his head and the pillow, and the other trailing off the couch. You stood awkwardly in the doorway, angry at him for not saying anything after sex, and frustrated with him for distracting you so much from your initial conversation. But you knew that it was late and stormtroopers would be patrolling the base, and were you were sure that General Hux already knew about your relationship with the Commander, so going back to your quarters wasn’t an option. So you stripped down to your undergarments once again, placing your work clothes in a neat pile near on the floor of the bedroom, and crawled into bed. The sheets and covers were still messy, and some parts were even a little wet with bodily fluids, but it was still much more comfortable than your own bed in your quarters. You knew that Kylo Ren wasn’t a man of many words, nor did you expect him to stay with you and cuddle after sex, but the lack of conversation about what had just happened felt like a hole had been punctured in your heart. Though it was nice of him to take the couch and let you sleep on the bed, you felt lonely, and most worriedly, like you’d been used. I found the First Jedi Temple, you finally thought, angry tears forming in your eyes, He’ll be gone for at least a few days. Maybe I can reconcile just what this is while he’s gone. Or maybe, another thought interrupted, I won’t even be here when he comes back. Notes: no end notes really. leaving for my trip in two days, so i wont update for a while. see you then! <3 fyi: tags have also been updated for this chapter. let me know if ive missed anything Chapter 23 : Job Opportunities Notes: helloooooooo i hope you all had a great holiday/new year! this update was later than usual because i had to take in my laptop for repair earlier in the week and i just got it back yesterday night. fun fact: this is the only chapter that doesnt have a chapter title that came straight from the text! ok, enjoy the chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You awoke with a start in darkness, your breath catching in your throat at the realization of unfamiliar quarters. You blinked a few times and raised yourself up on your elbows, allowing your eyes to get used to the light streaming in through the only window in the room. After a few seconds of reorientation, you remembered where you were, and why you were there. You let out a deep sigh, sinking slowly back down under the comforter. The memories of the night before hit you like a blaster bolt to the gut. The moments you had shared during sex with Kylo Ren, how you felt so connected with him more than a few times, and then the sheer disappointment when he’d simply retreated to sleeping out in the living room instead of staying behind to make sure you were alright. You reasoned that you probably would’ve been angrier with him if you didn’t actually enjoy everything you had done the night before. An embarrassed heat rose to your face as you remembered how he spoke to you, how he used the Force on you, and the lightsaber. You suppressed a groan and crawled deeper under the comforter. You knew you needed to get ready for work soon, though you didn’t feel up to it. Sick days just didn’t exist when you worked for the First Order, and not showing up wasn’t an option unless you wanted to be personally reprimanded by General Hux. Eventually you pulled yourself out of the warmth of the bed and began dressing yourself with your work clothes from the day before. You hadn’t brought any toiletries or makeup with you, so you just hoped that the day would go by swiftly, including absolutely no human interaction. When you stepped out of the room and into the kitchen to retrieve the datapad you had brought with you the night before, you almost jumped at the sight of Kylo Ren still asleep on the couch. You had almost forgotten he had slept there, which in retrospect was silly, because you were the one that had stayed the night in his bed. You grabbed the datapad at pocketed it, making to move quickly to the door and head to work, but something stopped you just as you approached the door. You turned slowly, gazing through the twilight of the rising sun, casting long shadows inside the room. Kylo Ren was shrouded in darkness, his long limbs cramped on the couch as his back faced you. Dark, messy hair fell unevenly across the pillow and one pale hand fell underneath him, the tips of his fingers kissing the floor below. You watched the rise and fall of his body as he slept, completely unaware of your presence. Or perhaps he was already awake, and was pretending to be asleep. Either way, you felt a pain in your heart like the one you had felt when he had told you he wouldn’t be coming with you and Eighty-Eight. Seeing him asleep and vulnerable, you felt even guiltier about leaving him behind. Even including the anger you had felt at him the night before about not sticking around after having sex, you couldn’t deny that this was somebody you cared about. And you had not cared about another person in a long time. I told myself I wouldn’t be here when he returned, You thought idly, but staring at his unconscious form on the couch made you feel different. Your mind, not clouded by anger and frustration like it had been the night before, finally came to rest on the thought that yes, you did care for him, but this place was toxic and you needed a way out. Will this be the last I see of him? You wanted to approach him and shake him awake, talk him into coming with you and Eighty-Eight, tell him how much you cared for him, beg him to say something meaningful for once, but you couldn’t bring yourself to do that. Something held you back. Was it hope? Hope that if Kylo Ren returned to base and found that you were gone, that possibly he would be inspired to leave just as you did? Or hope that leaving without a goodbye would allow him time to properly heal from the experience and turn to the Light? You weren’t sure just what force dragged your eyes away from his form, but eventually you found yourself staring at the durasteel door to his quarters. You couldn’t grant yourself the luxury of turning and gazing at him again, in fear that it truly would be the last time. It turned out that locating a Jedi Temple wasn’t as easy as punching coordinates into a ship and blasting into hyperspace. At least you didn’t know that much. You’d never piloted a ship in your life, which you realized was extremely rare, especially for a person with so much education and experience being on your own. In fact, since you had been on your own, you had paid smugglers or cargo drivers to get you where you needed to go. Though, you hadn’t been on your own for as long as you liked to admit. During your studies at University, you mostly stayed near campus, occasionally going on the occasional class trip off-world. It was quite rare that you needed to leave the planet. In fact, you calculated that you had probably only been truly “on your own” a handful of times. A week after the last time you had seen Kylo Ren, you sat at dinner with Eighty-Eight, discussing the fact that you were leaving in two weeks. Though you knew the timeline wasn’t as close as it sounded, it still made your heart begin to flutter with anxiety. Because the truth was that you had just started getting used to working for the First Order again. You’d spent years at your old job on Starkiller Base only to have your whole world crumble into pieces when it was destroyed. You’d been picking up the pieces for a year, and once you finally got used to your job to the point of boredom, it was time to pick up and leave everything behind again. You couldn't match Eighty-Eight’s enthusiasm about leaving. You watched him talk animatedly about all of the things he would do once he left the base, but you couldn’t relate at all. You just faked smiles and nodded when you sensed a cue to nod. But mostly, you picked at your food, your stomach turning with anxiety. Eighty-Eight had been raised to be a stormtrooper ever since he was a child. His whole life, it was the only thing he had known. And now he had the chance to get out, to start a new life, and finally be his own person. It was hard to be happy for someone when you couldn’t relate to them at all. You’d had a family, you’d had friends, and you had just ended up pushing them all away. And now with your family confirmed dead, where would you go when you left? What would you do? You couldn’t stick by Eighty-Eight, it would be too suspicious to stay together. As much as you liked his friendship, being friends with an ex-stormtrooper would be too much of a liability. You’d have to lay low for a year, possibly even two, before the inevitable destruction of Starkiller Two or when the First Order realized how unimportant you truly were, and gave up looking for you. You didn’t want to rely on the destruction of the base, but it was usually how these things went. But I hate the First Order. You looked bitterly up from your food and around the cafeteria, past Eighty-Eight’s animated gesticulations and other stormtroopers seated near you. No wonder this place used to give you so much anxiety. You didn’t belong here, you never did. All of these people were fanatics; they’d give up their best friend if it meant advancing even just a little bit in their ranks. You didn’t know why it had taken you this long to finally get to the realization that you hated the First Order, hated the people, and hated what it stood for. Perhaps you could be a smuggler, hiding in the shadows and receiving massive amounts of credits for trafficking dangerous shipments to different planets. Maybe you could even be a small part in taking down the First Order. But you realized that wasn’t a choice. You’d only ever held a blaster once in your life, and that was when you had been part of the raid on the Resistance base. I could join the Resistance . You knew it was a stupid idea. Not only would the First Order be looking for you, the Resistance would have spies hot on your tail for close to a year once they found out one of the First Order’s high ranking researchers was on the loose. They’d torture you for information, force you to reveal your deepest secrets, and then sell you to the First Order for a ransom. Would they torture me? You chewed on your food, tasteless and bland, just to give your mouth something to do while you ignored Eighty-Eight. You’d only heard terrible things about the Resistance from those inside the First Order. But you knew now that you couldn’t trust anything you heard on the base. It was all propaganda, forcing you to side one way or another. But the Resistance was supposed to be the good guys; they were the ones who brought down the Empire. Maybe the Resistance wouldn’t be so bad. You couldn’t believe that you were actually considering joining the enemy. But really, what choice did you have? The happy life on Coruscant, living as a professor, on the two thousandth floor of a downtown apartment just wasn’t going to happen for you. Especially not if you were on the run from the First Order. You returned your gaze back to Eighty-Eight with a sigh. Luckily for you, much of your friendship was based on him talking and you listening, so he hadn’t noticed any difference in your change of attitude. “…and that’ll be the first thing I’ll do. I heard that’s where Han Solo is from.” Your ears perked up at the mention of that name. You knew you couldn’t avoid thinking about Kylo Ren forever, but the mention of his father brought back memories of Ren that you had been trying to suppress for days now. “Where is Han Solo from?” You tried to keep your cool, picking now with shaking hands at your food. You already knew the answer via the extensive research on the Solo-Organa family you had done months ago, but you needed a change of subject. “Corellia. You didn’t know that already? You’re the historian,” Eighty-Eight flashed you a playful grin, and took a bite of his own food. He lowered his voice, and asked, “So, what will be the first thing you do?” You sighed, “I really don’t know, Eighty-Eight,” You lowered your voice too, and leaned in towards him, “Right now, I’m thinking about joining the Resistance.” If Eighty-Eight was surprised by the remark, he didn’t show it. He just continued eating, staring at you with slightly narrowed eyes, before offering you a shrug and a nod. “Honestly, I always pegged you as the rebel type. Silent, smart, but you could take someone down in a heartbeat.” He continued chewing his food, his blue eyes glancing around the cafeteria, “I think that’s a great choice for you. Honestly.” He offered you a small smile, and then said, “Maybe I’ll join, too.” You wanted to stop him, beg him not to join, offer him advice, anything to get him to change his mind. But he must’ve seen the dismay on your face and he laughed heartily, causing relief to set in over your mind. “I’m joking,” He said, “Haven’t you been listening? My buddy is a smuggler. Already has a job set up for me.” The relief you had felt was replaced quickly by anxiety, and surprisingly, jealousy. You opened and closed your mouth a few times, before deciding to nod in reply, “That’s really great, Eighty-Eight. I think you’ll be awesome at that.” At least he knows how to use a blaster. You picked at your food for the rest of the meal, stealing occasional glances outside at the snow, or around the cafeteria to make sure stormtroopers or officers weren’t listening to you. You and Eighty-Eight had been careful to make sure your conversations were either done in private or in code, but you were always anxious about being caught. When you arrived in your quarters that night, you stayed up later than usual, thinking about what Eighty-Eight had said about becoming a smuggler. Though it hadn’t been high on your list of possible occupations, you had to admit that the life of a smuggler seemed dangerous and fun, glamorous even. You’d learned in University briefly about Han Solo and Lando Calrissian, and more about Solo during your own personal studies while on base. The life of a smuggler enticed you, and you were jealous that you would never have that life. You were also envious purely because of the fact that Eighty-Eight already seemed to have a job lined up after being rescued. You still had no idea where you would go, or even how to contact the Resistance; if that even was the option you decided to go with. Maybe you were even a little angry at Eighty-Eight for not even volunteering to help you find a job, or even just a place to stay for a few nights before you got your feet on the ground. Maybe he’s not as great a friend as I think. Before work the next morning, you headed out of your quarters early, hoping to find Eighty-Eight patrolling the corridors like he usually did every morning. Sure enough, when you arrived on the fourth floor, he stood talking to another stormtrooper near one of the large windows. “Eighty-Eight,” You whispered, catching his attention as you walking closer to the men. Eighty-Eight jerked his head to the side, signaling for the other stormtrooper to leave. Once he was gone, you turned to Eighty-Eight, “I need your friend to contact the Resistance. Anyone. Have your friend set up a rendezvous for someone from the Resistance to pick me up and take me to the base. Can you do that for me?” “Yeah, no problem,” Came Eighty-Eight’s voice from behind the slight distortion of the helmet, “So you’re really serious about this then, huh?” You only nodded, a smile creeping across your lips, “I can’t talk about this now; I have to go to work. But try to keep this quiet, and don’t come to me unless you have news, okay?” “Sure thing,” Eighty-Eight said, and you walked back down the corridor where you took a lift back down to the second floor. Two days later, you were returning from work when you heard a knock on the door. You froze. You knew that it had to be Eighty-Eight, but anxiety still began to knot itself in your stomach. You were considered a traitor to the First Order now, both you and Eighty-Eight. Meeting with him was extremely dangerous now. You finally built up enough courage to unlock the durasteel door and open it up a sliver. Eighty-Eight stood on the other side, his helmet off and in one of his hands, and he held a datacard. “Hey,” You whispered, “Come in.” “Can’t,” Eighty-Eight said, “Gotta get back to work. But this is for you. It’s from my friend. He was able to go to one of his old contacts, turns out she’s part of the…the job you’re looking for. You’re all set.” You took the small datacard from his hands and watched as he placed the helmet back over his head. Even from behind the helmet, you could hear his frantic breathing. “It’ll be okay,” You tried to comfort him, “I can’t stress how much I owe you for this. Thank you, Eighty-Eight.” “Yeah, well, two weeks can’t come fast enough,” Eighty-Eight sighed, “I have to go. I’ll see you in a few days for dinner, yeah?” You nodded slowly, watching him move out of your doorway and back down the dimly lit hallway. You closed the door quickly, breathing out a sigh of relief, and clutching the datacard with sweaty hands. You knew you needed to look at it, to understand the details of your new mission, but you couldn’t bring yourself to do it. “Just get it over with,” You sighed to yourself, walking over to the computer terminal on your wall that you hadn’t used since you had been on the base. Luckily for you, Kylo Ren hadn’t destroyed it during his outburst in your room. You took a deep breath and inserted the datacard into the terminal, turning as blue lights emitted from the processor, rearranging to form the head and torso of a woman. “This is Norra Wexley, Resistance Intelligence,” Her voice was tired but strong; you knew immediately this was a person you could trust, “I’m hoping this message receives Y/N L/N. In two weeks, you will be an unmarked cargo ship under the guise of kyber crystal shipments. From there, you will be dropped off at Dantooine. I will be there to personally receive and take you to the Resistance base. If I do not hear a reply by then, I will assume the plan is still on. I look forward to meeting you. May the Force be with you.” Norra’s hologram sputtered a few times, before replaying itself again. You listened to it a few more times, hoping to burn its image in your mind. You couldn’t trust yourself to take any notes, in fear that they would be confiscated and your plan would be found out. Cargo shuttle. Dantooine. Norra Wexley. Resistance Base. Got it. You slept a little sounder that night. Notes: so this chapter is a little more....political i guess? than previous ones. i think its because when i wrote it i had just finished watching rogue one for the first time and had also finished reading life debt. so dont be surprised if in the last few chapters thats a common theme! thanks for sticking with me through this! im headed to bed now to take a quick nap, and then im hoping to write at least an outline for the rest of the story. i cant believe how close to the end we are! Chapter 24 : An Honest Man Notes: buckle up bc this one is a rollercoaster of emotions (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Heightened security on the base was not the first sign that something had gone terribly, terribly wrong. More stormtroopers than ever roamed the hallways at all hours of the day, and you had not seen Eighty-Eight in over a week. You wanted to find a way to contact him, but knew that it was much too risky. Once he smuggled in a Resistance message for you, you knew that it would have to be the end of your friendship. You mourned the hypothetical loss of your friend for days, trudging to work every morning and returning to your quarters feeling utterly alone and depressed. This was before someone had tipped off someone who had tipped off General Hux that there was a Resistance spy on base. The base had been on lockdown ever since. Those without necessary jobs were ordered to stay in their quarters at all times. Meals were brought to you three times a day. You spent much of the time reading or studying the picture Kylo Ren had given you. Now that it seemed hopeless that you would ever see him again, the photo was the only connection you had to him. In a weird way, it was your only connection to the outside world as well. Somewhere out there, General Organa was alive and well, and soon you would be joining her cause. Soon you wouldn’t have to spent days at a time locked up in your quarters like a caged animal. And like a caged animal, you became restless. You started to worry that the base would be on lockdown past your rendezvous date and you would miss your only opportunity to get off the base. You tried not to worry about that too much, for it only caused unnecessary anxiety. After a few days of being on lockdown, you were taken from your quarters by two stormtroopers and down the hallway. You’d never seen the base so empty. Mouse droids beeped and buzzed past you but that was the only sound, save for the footsteps that echoed as you were marched like a criminal across the immaculate tile surface. The stormtroopers led you into an interrogation cell. You were familiar with the upright table they strapped you to, and were left in darkness and silence once they left. Though it was a change of scenery and you had gotten a chance to stretch your legs, the dark, quiet room was no improvement. Once, a thought even crossed your mind, a want to be tortured, to feel something other than boredom and frustration. When the sound of the compressed oxygen leaving the room and through the opening of a durasteel door sounded from behind you, your heart skipped a beat. This was how much you had already regressed in the span of two days, feeling excited for interrogation and possible torture. “L/N.” Kriff. The unmistakable sound of his boots stopped behind you, and then moved as he positioned his body in front of yours. Even in the low light, you could make out the smirk on his pale face, the striking orange hair parted severely on top of his head. “General Hux, it’s a pleasure,” You hadn’t any use for your voice in days, and the sentence came out strangled and hoarse. “As long as you cooperate with me, you will be returned to your quarters and be permitted to return to work, is that suitable for you?” Hux stared down his brow at you, his lips twisted in a crooked smile when he wasn’t speaking. “Yes.” You thought back briefly to when you had first taken the job as a historian, when life seemed to have a purpose, and when Hux had even seemed like a friend. When you had a fear of Kylo Ren, and when life had been much more simple. But would you return to that life? If you had the power to return to a life of naivety and routine, you weren’t sure you would do it. “We’ve checked your records numerous times since you’ve been employed here,” Hux began, his brow furrowing in frustration as he gazed towards the floor, “There isn’t a mark on your record, yet you always seem to be in the wrong place at the right time. Not to mention constant fraternizing with other colleagues and superiors-“ “That’s not true,” You interrupted. Hux’s gaze lifted to meet yours slowly, and he clicked his tongue in disapproval. “We’re not off to a good start,” The cold smile returned, “When the base was attacked, you were found by Commander Ren at the scene of the crime. When rumors of a Resistance spy began to arise, several of your colleagues outed you as a friend to the spy.” “A friend-?” You shook your head, “I’m sorry sir, but I have no idea who you’re talking about.” But Hux said the words you were hoping he wouldn’t, “Your friend. FN-One-One-Eight-Eight. Or as his friends referred to him-“ “Eighty-Eight,” Your head dropped as you uttered his name. “Yes. He was my friend.” But I had no idea he was a Resistance spy, General! Oh shut up, that won’t work. He knows. He already knows and that’s why he brought me here. “Yes, we know, and it was brought to our attention a few days ago that he was secretly working with the Resistance,” General Hux clicked his tongue in dissatisfaction once again, “And unfortunately, he had to be terminated. Pity, he was a good soldier-" Your head snapped up to look at Hux as he gazed, almost bored, down at the floor. You could feel the blood leave your face, causing a chill to fall over your body. “Terminated?” You croaked. It couldn’t be true. Eighty-Eight was a good man, a good soldier. A good friend. And though you had begun to doubt your trust in him and his friendship towards the end, it still hurt to know that he was dead. First your therapist, then your parents, and now Eighty-Eight. What else would the First Order take away from you? “Yes, Commander Ren always makes quick work of executions,” This time Hux’s eyes did wander up to yours, and his lips pulled up slightly. “Commander Ren? When did he return?” You couldn’t believe that Eighty-Eight’s death had been at the hands of Kylo Ren. “A week ago,” Hux drawled, “He was in the medical bay for a week and just recently returned to duty. His first task was exterminating the Resistance scum.” He waved his hand in your direction, “But that’s not why we’re here is it?” A million thoughts raced through your head. Commander Ren was injured? Had he truly been the one to kill Eighty-Eight? Surely he would’ve come to see you as soon as he could? Hux had to be lying…right? “We don’t have any proof that you’re a Resistance sympathizer, so I will make this easy on you,” Hux continued, “If you have any information regarding the incoming attack, or anything relating to the Resistance, I order you to tell me.” “I don’t know anything,” You replied, your mouth dry with the lie, “And if I did, why would I tell you?” “Well, if you don’t tell me, you can consider your current living situation permanent,” Hux smiled, his hands fidgeting with the hems on his gloves, “And once we have no use of you anymore, we will terminate you just as we did with your friend.” You wanted to punch the smile off of his face, but all you could do under the restraints was curl your hands into fists. “Then I guess you can keep me prisoner, General, because I don’t know anything. And if I did, you would be the last person I would tell. Any of my secrets, I’m taking with me to the grave,” You spat at his feet, causing him to take a step back into the shadows. When he returned into the light, his lips were turned down into a grimace, and his eyes were narrowed in- was it disappointment? Defeat? “Not all of your secrets are as safe as you believe. Take her away,” The command was said with an air of dismissal to the stormtroopers behind you, but he kept his blue eyes locked on yours. You were returned to your quarters and once the door slammed shut behind you, you rushed to your refresher to empty out your guts into the toilet. You dry-heaved for a while, tears of pain and frustration with yourself falling down your face and into the toilet. You flushed the toilet after a few moments and lay on the hard tile floor of your refresher, tears falling freely down your face and collecting under your head. Eighty-Eight was dead and you couldn’t help but feel guilty. If you hadn’t been so keen on joining the Resistance, he wouldn’t have had to make such a risky move and stick his neck out for you. And now that you were an indefinite prisoner inside your own quarters, Eighty-Eight’s sacrifice would surely be for nothing. You were never going to make it off of the base. You truly were going to take your secrets to the grave. You were unable to recall just when you had fallen asleep, but you awoke to morning sun streaming in through the windows. You swallowed hard, your mouth sticky and sour with the remnants of vomit from the day before, and found your throat to still be dry and rough. You pushed yourself up on your elbows and found that you were lying in bed. Confused, you swung your knees over your bed and gazed around the room, your eyes landing on a figure near your doorway. He sat under the computer terminal, legs crossed and hands rested in his lap. The mask was off and sat beside him. He wore only his undergarments, which took you aback. How long had he been there? Why was he allowing you to see him in such a vulnerable way? You stared incredulously at him, as he was obviously ignoring you or simply hadn’t noticed you were awake. He looked strangely better. Perhaps the time off of the base had allowed him to get perspective on things, to heal in a way. But though the dark circles under his eyes were gone and his pale complexion seemed even, there were unmistakable new injuries. Several cuts, some still hiding under bacta patches, patterned his cheeks and continued down his neck and expanse of his right arm. For a moment, you felt guilty for that, too, but allowed yourself a reprieve. You knew how strong he was, and he had ultimately been the one to choose to not only stay with the First Order, but to continue to do their dirty work for them. Finally, you cleared your throat, a painful act that you regretted almost immediately. You didn’t wait for him to open his eyes before you stood and poured yourself a glass of water, and then another. You drank three glasses of water before your throat was feeling well enough to talk. You turned and met his eyes with yours. Even his eyes looked better. Brighter, more clear, perhaps. “How did you get in here?” He seemed taken aback by the question, possibly disappointed that you had not wished him a good morning, or thanked him for putting you into bed the night before. But the obvious blow to his ego vanished, and his eyes drew downward towards the floor before he spoke. “I can do whatever I want,” He looked back up at you, “You seem to forget that.” There was humor in his voice, but the last thing you wanted was to joke around with him. “The last time I saw you…” You sighed. Your head still hurt from the night previous, and your stomach was already tying itself into knots. You hadn’t planned to have this conversation, “The last time you and I saw each other, I told myself I would never see you again.” “I seem to recall another instance where you said the same exact thing,” He said, and even the corners of his lips tugged up slightly, “Do you remember what happened?” Of course you remembered. The last time you told yourself you would never see him again, you caved, and fell back into an unhealthy slump of anxiety, depression, and being whatever it was you were to Kylo Ren. “Yes, I remember, and as much as I enjoy your company, I’m not going to allow that to happen again,” You set the empty glass down on the table behind you, “You have to understand that this place is bad for the both of us. Being together is bad for the both of us. You’re only prolonging the inevitable.” This time you had truly bruised his ego. He wrung his hands in his lap, staring down towards them with furrowed brows. “Do you believe that this is easy for me?” He finally said, narrowed eyes darting up to meet yours, “Do you truly think being here is my choice?” That thought hadn’t crossed your mind. In fact, you had believed up until this point that he had chosen to stay on the base. “I can’t trust anything you say,” You laughed bitterly, “You killed my friend. Hell, maybe you were the one who killed my parents.” You snorted once again, turning to face the faucet and fill up another glass of water. You took a large drink from the glass, partly to mask your shaking hands and trembling lips. When you turned back around, Kylo Ren was standing now where he previously sat. His hands were in tight fists, though oddly, his lightsaber was nowhere to be found. “So, what now? You’re going to leave? Like you always do?” Your voice cracked with emotion and you raised the glass to your lips once again to hide the tears now beginning to form around the corners of your eyes. “I’m done running away,” He said. His voice was soft, as if the simple act of standing to confront you had made him weak. “That’s funny,” You laughed again, shocking even yourself at the wild sound, “Because I’m standing in front of a man who not only a second ago told me that being here on this wasteland isn’t his choice. Am I supposed to feel bad for you? If you can do anything you want, why haven’t you left?” Obvious frustration flooded over him now as his eyes rolled back briefly and he let out an exasperated sigh. Finally, shaking his head slowly, he returned to gaze at you. “I’m done running away from you, from my feelings,” His shoulders slumped, “The second I landed at the temple, I could feel there was something there for me. I didn’t have visions or see ghosts or-“ He cut himself off, sighing once again and placing his head in his hands, “I sound like an idiot.” But you shook your head, “No, please continue.” This was the most open he had been with you in weeks, possibly months. Maybe even for as long as you’d known him. The last thing you wanted to do was to discourage him from sharing his feelings. He sighed into his hands again. Then, “I spent a lot of time there, meditating. My team assumed I was reading ancient texts or gathering artifacts to bring back here. I went into the temple every day and meditated. And once I left, I felt…better. I felt…” His hands dropped to his sides, “I felt normal.” You placed the glass on the counter behind you and stepped forward towards him. Before you even touched him, you could feel his body shaking. Awkwardly, and gently, you placed your arms around him and rested your head on his chest. Familiar sensations of moments you’d shared together came rushing back and strangely, you welcomed them. For weeks, you’d been distancing yourself from him and the possibility of seeing him again that you truly forgot what it felt like to care for somebody. His hand came up and rested in your hair, stroking it as if he were stroking an injured animal. “I see the error of my ways now,” He said, breaking the silence, “And I’m so sorry.” When you didn’t reply, he continued, “And I didn’t kill your friend. I know you don’t believe me, but I’ve changed. I’ve been changing. And I would never do that to you,” He paused as if he were choosing his next words carefully, “I know he meant a lot to you. And your parents, too. I don’t know what its like to…feel closeness, or build relationships, but I can sense they meant a lot to you. And I’m sorry.” He wrapped both hands around you waist then, pulling you close. The feeling of his body, warm against yours, and the sound of his breathing deep in his chest, combined with the gentle way he spoke to you caused you to begin to cry. Though you’d cried in front of him before, this was different. This wasn’t out of anger or frustration with him. His words had dug up the true sorrow and grief you’d felt for so long and had been keeping away from him because you didn’t think he would care. But now, hearing him speak to you the way he did, you knew that he would never leave again. “All my life I’ve been putting up walls, keeping people out,” You said in a thick voice, and his grip on you tensed at the sound, “And you haven’t been here, so I already forced myself to forget about you and move on. But I forgot what its like to feel this way towards someone. And I forgot how it feels to fight for something.” You pulled yourself away from him, wiping the tears from your eyes and gazing up towards him, “I forgive you. For everything. I’ve realized now that life is way too short to spend it being angry at someone you care for.” You stared down at the floor, at his feet and your own. It was then you realized that he wasn’t wearing boots. You’d never noticed just how normal he seemed in his underclothes. Dark socks covered his feet and you found a strange comfort in the sight. You began to laugh at the realization. Perhaps you were still dehydrated from the night before, or maybe you’d truly gone crazy due to being stuck inside so much. But you laughed, at yourself for feeling so anxious at stupid all the time, for always overthinking things, and for not truly trusting in someone who only ever wanted you to trust him. Then you laughed for your parents, remembering the good times you’d spent with them as a child. You laughed when you remembered their faces, the way they’d looked at you when you did something wrong. And you laughed for Eighty-Eight, a true friend and someone who had always been there for you, even to the end. And you laughed for Han Solo, even though you didn’t know him, you knew that he would be proud of his son. And then another sound joined your laugh. Doubled over, clutching your stomach, you forced yourself to look up towards him. And he was laughing, too. A true smile covered his face, one you had never seen, nor had he ever permitted you to see. You watched as he laughed too, one hand resting against the wall and the other resting near his face, occasionally wiping moisture that gathered around his eyes. You decided that, although you’d always found him handsome, he looked even more attractive right that moment, laughing about nothing; an honest man. A changed man. And before you could stop the words from coming out of your mouth, they were already spewing out like caf from a spilled mug. Your laughing had ceased and marks where tears had been traced down your cheeks and you reached up to wipe them. He stopped laughing too, his mouth resting in a crooked grin, not unlike his father’s. He ran the palm of his hand across his own cheeks, and then let out a last chuckle, as if he had surprised even himself. “Hey,” You’d said, staring up at that smile, the wrinkles around his eyes, the freckles contrasted against his pale skin, “I think I love you.” Notes: i generally dont like to leave chapters on cliffhangers like this but i couldnt resist not too many notes except HOLY SHIT there are only a couple chapters of this left. can you believe it? thank you for sticking around for so long, and for toughing it out when i either forget to update or when life just gets in the way <3 Chapter 25 : One Last Time Notes: come for the smut, stay for badass!emotional!kylo (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Everything went slow, and then so fast. His hands tangled in your hair and his mouth was hard and warm against yours. Your back was against the wall as his body pressed parallel with yours. Every moment seemed like it lasted a lifetime. The feeling of his lips on your neck sent chills up your spine and you heard yourself sigh at his touch. Everything was slow, like you were stuck in crystallizing amber or sap inside a tree. And then you lay on your back, the hard floor beneath you. The base was known for being frigid, even in the summertime, but right now you were so warm. His hands untangled from your hair and tugged off your pants in a hurry. You wanted to stop, to ask what the rush was, but the words caught in your mouth when his thumb thrust hard against your clit. Your back arched, it had been so long since you’d had a release and you’d almost forgotten just what it had felt like to- “I want you inside me,” Your voice was low and husky, full of emotion, and the words came out fast and were silenced once again by the pressure on your clit. Your eyes found his and the familiar mischievous smirk flashed across his face and you knew you’d said the right thing. “On your stomach,” He commanded, and for a second you forgot you were on the floor. You hesitated, and he grabbed your shoulders and flipped you around, emitting a moan from your mouth. He removed your top and panties and a new feeling of cold came in the form of nakedness. Your head lay forced to one side and your check and breasts began to grow numb against the icy tile floor. But all sensation of the cold immediately vanished as his breath appeared on your neck and his hand reappeared under your pussy, this time plunging two fingers deep inside you. Another hand came to grab your throat and you moaned at the new pressure. “You like that?” His voice was deep with desire and it made you moan again. You rocked your hips against the hand inside you, desperate for a release. “Tell me you like it.” You felt yourself grow even moister at the command, and whined loudly against the hand at your throat. When you didn’t reply, the grip tightened and he pulled the fingers out of you and plunged them deep into your mouth. Your tongue swirled greedily around his fingers, franticly sucking off your juices. “If you’re not going to behave, then I’ll have to teach you how to behave.” “Please!” You begged, though with his fingers in your mouth it came out more like, “Ptheathe!” “You’re learning,” He purred, and the hand inside your mouth returned to stroke your clit. “You want me inside you? Tell me you want it.” “I want it,” You begged, saliva falling from your mouth and onto the floor, “Please, I need it.” The hand around your throat gripped harder but the fingers stroking your clit didn’t stop even when he thrust himself in you. You’d gone so long without feeling him deep inside you that the initial pain of his entrance shocked you. But soon, you rocked yourself back against him as best you could from your position on the floor. He pulled your legs so that he was sitting in between them, and placed both hands on your hips, guiding your ass towards him with every thrust. Your body moved with every thrust, and soon your saliva and other bodily fluids were covering the tile floor. “Look how dirty you’re willing to be,” He groaned in between thrusts, “All for me.” One of his hands found your clit again and you shrieked at the sensation. You pushed your ass against his hips, effectively rocking your clit against his thumb, and making you closer to cumming. “Do you want me to cum inside you?” He’d pulled himself out of you and you could hear him stroking himself with one hand as he rubbed your swollen clit with the other. “If you want me to cum you’ll have to behave.” “Please, I’ll behave,” You begged, twisting your head to look sideways at him, “Please cum inside me, Commander.” Even from your vantage point, you were able to see the angry, greedy glint in his eye before he grabbed a handful of your hair and pulled you upright on your knees. “You’re so dirty,” He drawled, kissing and nipping at your neck, “Clean your mess up.” You furrowed your brows, unable to process the request. “Sir?” He stroked your clit lazily, and relinquished the hold on your hair, “Lick your mess up.” Finally it clicked. The floor. A burst of electricity traveled down from your core and into your clit when you registered the command. “Yes, sir.” You bent down once again on all fours beneath him and began running your tongue on the floor, licking up any of your dried saliva but hands tangled painfully in your hair once again and he commanded, “Let me watch you.” Another burst of electricity. You crawled around so that you were facing him, and once again bent your face down to the tile floor. One of his hands came to stroke your hair and you could hear as he still continued to stroke himself with the other hand. “Look at me,” He finally said, the hand in your hair catching around your chin and forcing your head up, inches from the head of his penis. You resisted the urge to wrap your mouth around it and taste him. “Do you feel clean now?” His mouth hung open at the end of the sentence, his teeth bared and pupils blown wide with desire. Sweat gathered on his forehead, and a few of the wounds on his head had come open again and blood dripped slowly down his temple. He took the hand from around your chin and ran it through his hair. “I asked you a question.” “Yes,” You stuttered, “Yes, sir.” His mouth twisted into a smirk. “Are you ready to take my cum?” You nodded vigorously, now staring forward at his cock, red and swollen. You swallowed hard, and one of his hands came back down to your chin, pulling you forward. You wrapped your mouth around his whole length eagerly, and heard him moan silently from above you. He began to fuck your mouth, one of his hands tight in your hair, the other sporting white knuckles as it grabbed helplessly for support on of the chair legs. A few times you stole a look up at him, watching him wordlessly mouth curses and moans in between gritting his teeth with closed eyes. Soon, the other hand came to rest in your hair too, and he thrust against your mouth with further. You brought one of your hands down to your clit and rubbed it viciously as his cock thrust in and out of your mouth. Finally, warm liquid pumped into your mouth and down your throat as you swallowed all of him, feeling his cock grow limp inside your mouth. He pulled himself out of you, and breathing heavily, mumbled, “Stand.” Knowing all too well not to disobey his orders, you did as you were told. You didn’t even have a moment to rest before his mouth was around you pussy. Your legs grew weak and you fell to your knees, hands outstretched on the wall in front of you. His hands were around your ass, guiding you with every thrust against his mouth. His tongue drew long lines up and down your pussy and followed zig zags across your clit. You could feel your wetness beginning to drip down your legs and across his face. You moaned whenever he would stop and tease you, his tongue circling at your entrance or nipping at your clit. You already felt coils of desire inside your core begin to twist and swell as you ground your clit against his tongue. His tongue was completely stationary and you thrust your hips with fervor, savoring the feeling of his tongue against your most sensitive spot. Your hands traced up your body, pinching at your nipples as you squeezed your eyes shut and moaned, waiting for the moment of release. Faster than you expected your hips to move, you ground your pussy against his tongue, and felt yourself cum on top of him. You let out a scream of pleasure, the fingers clutching your nipples pinching them until they were swollen and red. Your body stood frozen in pleasure for a moment, before you crumpled forward, shaking with every move. It was like the weight of the world been taken off of your shoulders…. …and then the world crashed back down. Time seemed to slow to the millisecond and every sound was elongated, stretched out, and hollow. You hadn’t realized that you’d been holding his hands in yours until you watched them slip out of your grasp as you pulled yourself off of him. You watched the smile on his face pull into a frown and his eyes avert away from yours and his naked body turn towards the door. A chill fell over your body and it was like you were completely alone. Like all of the lights had gone out of the room and you were searching in the dark for contact. Like you were drowning in cool water, struggling to keep your head above the waves. His mouth moved but you couldn’t make out the words he said. He stood, frantically putting his clothes back on, his eyes wild with something you thought you’d never seen on his face. Fright. Everything seemed slow and sluggish, even raising your arm to touch your face took what felt like hours. You thrashed and kicked to get to the surface, but you were drowning. His hands grasped tight onto your forearms and he continued to talk in a panicked tone, but you couldn’t register what was being said. His eyes were big and they searched your own for any sense of recognition. His hands tugged on your arms helplessly, and his eyebrows knit together in frustration. He gathered up your clothes, and you felt as he began to clothe you. “-Need to leave, now-“ Your head turned sluggishly toward the computer terminal on the wall. The lights and buttons on it blinked red and reflected against the dark, shiny metal of the room. “-Can you hear me?” You brought your hands up to your ears when you heard the high-pitched tone, but realized it wasn’t coming from inside your head. Your hands moved slowly back down to your sides as the sound bounced around the room, growing louder and more urgent. “-I’ll take you somewhere safe-“ Time only returned to normal once his body was on top of yours, and it felt like you’d finally broken through the surface of the waves, like cool, fresh air filled your nostrils and bright sunlight stunned your eyes. In an instant, sounds came rushing back to normal. The alarm blared loud in your ears, just as it did during the first attack on the base months ago. TIE fighters screamed outside of the windows, shouting and blasterfire sounded in the hallways, and a low rumbling from under your feet accompanied by a steady vibration seemingly came from inside the planet itself. Your ears rang and you realized that a hole had just been blasted through the door to your quarters, and Kylo Ren had been the one to sense it before it had even come. His body was heavy on top of yours and his arms clutched you tight. Rubble and debris already littered the floor and when you looked up, his dark hair was now full of dust and soot. He blinked his eyes open and looked down at you through the blinking red lights. “Are you okay?” You hadn’t realized just how loud the sounds of the base being attacked and the alarm were until he had to shout over them. You managed a small nod in reply. He stood and brushed himself off before extending a hand towards you and helping you up. It was then that you realized he hadn’t been wearing his armor. He’d come to your quarters in only his undergarments, along with the mask. His lightsaber was nowhere to be found, and you definitely didn’t own a blaster. The both of you were completely unarmed and ill-equipped to even step foot outside of your room. “What are we going to do?” You shouted at him, your hands covering your ears. You watched as he struggled to reprogram the computer terminal on the wall to its original state, finally getting frustrated and punching a fist through one of the screens. When he turned to you, the anger you’d gotten used to seeing in his eyes had returned, “I’m taking you to the bunker. You’ll be safe there.” “Are you joking?” You screamed, “I’m not just going to wait around for you to get killed or come rescue me. I can help!” “You’re untrained, and don’t have nearly enough combat experience,” He retorted, and you could tell he was starting to lose his patience. When you didn’t reply, he continued, “I’m the most powerful person on this base,” He paused, “If they haven’t brought Jedi with them.” The thought seemed to stump him and he fell silent for a moment. Then, “You need to get to the rendezvous point and I can get you there, but I need to fight first.” You understood. Up until recently, General Hux didn’t have a reason to suspect that either you or Kylo Ren as Resistance sympathizers. If either of you were caught outside of where you were supposed to be during the attack, there would be no doubt you would be terminated on sight. You needed to act scared and go into hiding with the rest of the base, and Kylo Ren needed to be Kylo Ren. If only for one last time. “Okay,” You finally replied, forcing your head to nod, “Okay, I trust you.” The word seemed to give him strength and he wrapped his hand around yours, “Trust me,” He smiled, reiterating your statement, “I love you.” Through all of the noise and commotion, feelings of imminent death and danger, with those words he’d somehow found a way to make you feel safe. He tugged on your arm and led you carefully through your quarters and out through the hole in the wall. The usually pristine First Order hallways were now full of dead bodies of stormtroopers, dirt and debris littering the floors, and mouse droids frantically buzzing around to send messages or clean up messes. Some of the windows had even been broken and gusts of air blew in cold wind and snow. You turned to look up at Kylo but his eyes were set and the muscles in his jaw pulsed as he grit his teeth. He began walking forward through the rubble, his hand still clutched tight around yours. More than a few times you encountered a group of stormtroopers who stopped whatever they were doing to watch Kylo Ren. You wondered at the moments if they had ever seen him without his mask before. A few times you encountered rebel cells, and each time Kylo Ren would terminate them without the use of a lightsaber. The first cell he’d simply forced a large piece of debris at. The second had blasters, and he’d grabbed one with the Force, using it against the cell and taking out the rebels within a matter of seconds. With a blaster. The third, he seemed to be losing patience, and had stopped in his hands, bringing up a fist in the air and effectively force-choking the whole group. Then, he’d sent them out the window with a swipe of the arm. Throughout all of this, it was hard to remember him as the gentle, changed man you knew him as. You would look up to him when he was killing the rebels and find only anger in his face, and desire to kill in the eyes that continued to glow a faint yellow. More than once you’d had to force yourself to look away from him or else you’d be tempted to release yourself from his grip and attempt to run away, afraid you’d suffer a similar fate to that of the Resistance fighters. Soon the two of you arrived at the same bunker you’d been in when the Resistance had attacked the first time. His demeanor changed completely once rid of all enemies and danger and he turned to you. His face was soft once again, and his eyes had returned to a deep brown. “I’ll come get you,” He said, placing his hands on either side of your face, “I promise. Do you trust me?” You nodded against his hands, feeling tears beginning to fall down your face and collect against his fingers. You felt guilty for being so afraid of him only a matter of moments earlier and the frown on his face told you that he knew. “I’m sorry,” You sobbed, resting your head against his chest. “You have a right to be scared,” He said, wrapping his arms around you, “But everything I do is to protect you.” You sniffled, nodding, and pushing yourself off of him. You didn’t know if this would be the last time you would see him, if he would die in battle, or become lost to the Dark Side one final time. But you didn’t know what to say in this moment, what would assure him that you would be thinking about him, waiting for him to come get you and take you to the Resistance. There was nothing poetic to say, no words of wisdom, no elegant way to tell him “good luck and kill lots of bad guys” because soon, you would be a bad guy. So you only nodded, saying, “I understand.” A smile of his own understanding crossed his lips as he stepped away from you. He walked backwards a few steps more, before turning and jogging back down the hallway without a look behind him. You turned too, opening the door to the bunker, and heading down the stairs. You didn’t turn around. Notes: i barely proofread this chapter because i was way too excited to upload it so i apologize for any mistakes lol ummmmmmmm..............i literally dont know what to follow up this chapter with!! all i can think of is YES that scene was inspired by vader in rogue one. guilty. lol. see u guys next week! thank u thank u THANK U for the constant love and support! <3 Chapter 26 : Silly Thing Notes: get ready to fucking cry also this chapter is unbearably long i am so sorry cw: violence, gore (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The bunker was cold and you huddled alone towards one of the walls, willing yourself to get some sleep. But you shivered too violently, from both the temperature and your anxiety, and even when a nurse handing around blankets gave you yours, it didn’t help. Your eyes would close and then something would jerk them open once again: sounds of explosions from above, the heavy vibration of the planet underneath your feet, stormtroopers on patrol. Every time a stormtrooper would pass you by, you were reminded of Eighty-Eight. Tears would begin to form and you’d push your palms against your eyes, forcing yourself to stay strong. More than a few times the emotion would take over and you’d begin crying, tears dropping heavy onto the floor below as your shoulders shook violently with every sob. There were others crying, too. Some of them were crying when you’d entered the bunker and hadn’t stopped. Some were afraid they would die, away from their family and alone, and would sob loud enough for everyone to hear. You felt a sort of feeling of kin with these people. In between crying and shivering and bouts of sleep, you’d stare down at the ground, waiting for something to happen. Your anxiety had returned at full force and every sound made you jump and begin worrying of the worst. What if you missed your rendezvous point and perished here with everyone else? In recent days you’d forced yourself not to entertain this thought but now it was the only thing you could do. You dug yourself deep into an anxiety-filled hole, until the sounds around you had all been drowned out by your own thoughts. Suddenly, you wished you were back upstairs in your quarters and away from all of the people. You became claustrophobic, wanting to just be alone. Luckily, “alone” came in the form of a nurse walking between people, handing out sleeping pills and glass of water. You took yours greedily, thankful for any release from your thoughts if it only were for six hours. Anything. The first night was the worst. The lights went off in the bunker once everyone was asleep, though you weren’t sure if they’d been turned off or cut off. You burrowed deep inside the blanket and rested your head against the cold cement floor. The darkness swallowed you whole and eventually the pill worked and you fell into a fitful night of sleep. Several times you were woken up by screams from others, or exceptionally loud explosions from above. Other times the vibration from the inside of the planet itself would get so intense that you’d struggle to fall back asleep until it returned to normal. Between being woken up, you had terrible nightmares, though you never remembered them once they woke you up. Your whole body would jerk awake, your mouth open in a silent scream, sweat forming on your brow, and you’d be confused for a moment until the sounds from your environment would find you again. Eventually the lights turned back on and you stayed underneath your blanket, desperate for more sleep. Your eyelids already hung heavy and your face was beginning to grow sore from constantly rubbing the skin raw. The nurses then came around with a portion of breakfast- some kind of make-it-yourself muffin and a bottle of water to mix it with. You ate yours gluttonously; at this point you couldn’t care less about appearances. When you finished breakfast you lay your tray on the ground next to you and curled back up in your blanket, looking around to find that many others were doing the same. You woke up from your nap to a man shouting and the lights flickering. The vibration from the ground underneath you had risen so much that it had knocked down your water bottle. You grabbed the bottle, uncapped it, and drank, staring through the blinking lights to the direction of the shouting. “-The same scenario as Starkiller Base! Are we fools? They’re leaving us here to die!” The man shouted. “Lower your voice! You’re going to scare the others.” Another replied. “They deserve to know!” The man shouted, and you finally located the origin: A high ranking officer still dressed to the nines in his Captain’s uniform, but his hat was being wrung between his shaking hands and his hair was askew as if he’d spent the night raking his hands through it. Another officer, to whom you deduced the second voice belonged to, had her hands on his in an attempt to calm him down. He would bat her hands away and return to destroying his hat, jumping when the lights flickered. “We deserve to know what?” A voice from the crowd asked, gaining the support of a few others. You nodded your head in agreement. You watched as the Captain leaned in to talk to the other officer standing near him. She had a concerned look on her face as she talked to him, shaking her head with furrowed eyebrows. During all of this, impatient shouts from the crowd begged to know the truth, you among them. Finally, the officer and the captain stepped away from each other. The officer continued to stand near the captain as he spoke, as if evaluating him. “The Resistance attack has gone on for 24 hours now,” The captain said, his voice quavering with emotion as he struggled to address his audience, “I’ve just been summoned by my commanding officer to reach the nearest escape vessel-“ This comment raised multiple shouts of “are you kidding me?” and “kriff off!” to which the officer silenced. “-General Hux is gone, Captain Phasma and her troops have left, and Commander Ren is missing-“ More shouts of dismay interrupted this part, but you found yourself tongue-tied, your voice caught in your throat. Kylo Ren was… missing ? “-They’re keeping you all here like animals for slaughter! There are no plans for your rescue-“ This time it wasn’t the crowd that interrupted the captain, but the officer beside him. Apparently she’d only given him specific things he could address to the crowd, and he’d overstepped his boundaries. Within seconds, she had a blaster to his head, and pulled the trigger. You tried to turn away in time, but you were frozen in your seat. The shouts around you were drowned out by the sound of the blaster going off. It rang in your ears until it was the only thing you could hear. Then, the wet, heavy sound of his body hitting the cement floor, echoing throughout the bunker. Nobody moved. Nearby you heard someone retch. It was silent. Then it wasn’t. You didn’t see the person who attacked the officer, only had time to grab your bottle of water and blanket and move away from the gathering crowd. The crowd that had surrounded you on all sides was now in complete chaos. But you only had one thing on your mind: escape. While everyone was moving towards the middle of the bunker, possibly to get answers from other officers or steal food and water from the nurses, you pushed against the crowd and towards the only exit you knew. Usually it was guarded by stormtroopers, but now the ‘troopers were too busy wrangling the crowd to notice you. They didn’t notice when you tripped up the stairs, grasping at the steps below you. Didn’t try to stop you when you slammed your body against the heavy door, as if something on the other side was sitting on top of it. When you finally broke through the bunker door, you realized exactly why the stormtroopers weren’t concerned with your safety. As a historian, you prided yourself on being able to work independently. You were efficient, logical, you got the work done quick, and you got it done right. You enjoyed your job. The other guys would do the dirty work and go out to retrieve the artifacts and they’d bring them back to your cozy University laboratory where you’d sit and decode the messages or look up history on a computer terminal. What you hadn’t learned in your history textbooks or in your intensive research was how terrible hundreds of dead bodies could smell. You stumbled out of the bunker and closed the door underneath you, sitting atop of the latch. The smell hit you almost immediately, and you turned on your side, retching up any of the food you’d eaten in the past 24 hours. Once your body had rid of the food and water, you lay on the floor dry heaving for what felt like hours. Eventually you stopped long enough to bring the water bottle up to your lips and gulp down a few drinks. You didn’t want to, but forced yourself to turn and look back down the hallway. You stood, your legs shaking and knees almost buckling a few times before you were able to stand to your full height. With the blanket covering your mouth and nose, you took in the scene before you. First Order officers lay in the hallway, at least twenty of them. Some wounded from blaster bolts, exhibited by the pools of blood surrounding the wounds and pooling out onto the floor beneath them. Others had been harmed only by what you could assume could be from a lightsaber blade. The wounds were almost too perfect- cauterized and burned. You pondered for a moment just who would make those marks. Was Kylo Ren so eager to get away from the First Order that he would kill his own men and risk revealing himself? Or possibly the Jedi truly did exist once again, and they were there on the base? You stepped around the bodies and down the hallway, and for the first time finally considered just what your plan was. If you were to be captured by any First Order officers or stormtroopers, you would be smuggled quietly back down to the bunker. You could only hope to stay hidden, and that the Resistance would find you first. The base was eerily quiet as you began your trek. All the sounds of blasterfire and explosions you’d heard the night before were gone, though they left behind marks and burns in the once immaculate floors and walls. Most windows were broken, sending in cool breezes of air that for a moment blew away the dead-body smell. You found yourself hoping to stumble into a frigid hallway when you turned a corner only for the reprieve from the stench alone. The day passed quickly as you walked, and you soon found yourself drenched once again in darkness. Only when you were unable to see your feet in front of you did you convince yourself to sleep. You found an unlocked door to an office and made a makeshift bed underneath the desk near the window, and out of sight of the doorway. You lay under the desk for hours, staring out the large windows and at the battle happening outside. The vibration you’d felt in the bunker was a little duller now, but with this view you were able to originate the vibration to the weapon inside the planet powering up and firing off into the distance. At what, you didn’t know, and didn’t want to know. While working for the First Order, you knew of the tremendous power that Starkiller and Starkiller 2 were capable of, but you always hid the thought away. It had become too difficult for you at the beginning to separate what you did for the First Order and what the First Order did. You couldn’t justify killing billions of innocent people just for power alone, so you just preferred not to think about it. But now, watching the base’s turrets fire off at X-Wings and the sky begin to turn red as the weapon charged once again, you could only feel anger. You felt anger at yourself for ignoring the power Starkiller held and not doing anything to prevent it. Anger at yourself for sitting silently by for years, doing what you were told, when you could have so easily attempted to destroy the First Order from within several times. You turned away from the windows, unable to look outside and blame yourself anymore. Eventually you fell asleep listening to the sounds of the dogfight outside. You awoke the next morning to what was left of the sun. A quick glance outside the window proved that the fight was still on, however now there were noticeably more X-Wings than TIE Fighters and you found yourself rooting for the Resistance. Apparently the weapon inside the planet had stopped too, because the vibration under your feet was gone. Motivated by the rumbling of hunger in your stomach, you stood and collected what little things you had and walked out into the hallway. This time the smell of dead bodies barely affected you. You were too hungry, and too dizzy and weak from that hunger to focus on anything else. You didn’t realize where you’d been walking to until you were steps away from the cafeteria. The doors were open and inside you could hear voices- actual human voices. You’d been walking with the dead for twelve hours that you almost forgot what other humans sounded like. Maybe Kylo Ren is inside? Maybe they have food? Your heart skipped a beat with the thought. Anxiously, you made your way to the entrance of the cafeteria, and were immediately dumbstruck. There weren’t any First Order uniforms, at least none that you recognized, although some people were eating food. But the uniforms were different, and most of the people were injured; lying down on makeshift beds or gurneys. You realized the cafeteria had become a makeshift base for the Resistance ground troops and those resting. None of them wore a uniform; most of them wore camouflaged clothes with blasters and ammo strapped to their bodies, sometimes helmets over their heads and winter jackets under their arms. The only people wearing uniforms were the pilots. You’d only seen the orange flight suits so unique to the Rebellion and then the Resistance in history books. “Hey!” A voice snapped you away from your ogling, and you became extremely self-conscious. I shouldn’t be here. But your anxiety had you rooted to your spot. “Hey, I’m talking to you!” Finally you looked in the direction of the voice, a human doctor walking towards you. Her uniform was covered in blood but she didn’t seem to mind at all. “Are you Resistance? What’s your name?” She stopped beside you and pulled a datapad out of her pocket. You fumbled with the blanket and water bottle in your hands for a moment. Then, “I-I’m not Resistance.” “You’re First Order, then?” She looked up at you from her datapad, her eyebrows high on her forehead, “What was your job for the First Order?” Was? “I-I’m a historian,” You regained movement only for a moment to search for your employee badge, only to realize that obviously you didn’t have it, “Y/N L/N.” The doctor stopped looking at her datapad and glanced up at you, eyes narrowed. Finally, she spoke, “Did you send a message for rescue weeks ago?" Your eyes grew wide, “How did you remember my name?” The doctor’s shoulders slumped and she pocketed the datapad, “I’m Norra Wexley.” “But you’re-“ “This?” She gestured to the stained doctor’s uniform, “This isn’t mine. This is First Order issued; I took it off of one of the dead bodies. I’m not a doctor, I’m just trying to help where I can.” She glanced around the room and fell silent. You took the opportunity to nod. “You want to get out of here?” Norra broke the silence again, her eyes locked on yours, “You need to prove that you’re no longer First Order. Come over here.” She gestured for you to follow and somehow you unlatched your feet from the floor and followed behind her. You tried not to make eye contact with the Resistance troops eating food or drinking caf, or worse, the injured pilots lying on their beds and talking to friends, but it was too hard. Everywhere you looked, someone was scrutinizing you. On the other side of the cafeteria and away from the crowd of people, Norra stopped near a computer terminal. Near the terminal was- “The artifacts!” You gasped, tears almost immediately forming at your eyes. The artifacts the Resistance had stolen months ago were laid out on the floor beneath the computer terminal, unharmed and intact. You wiped the tears from your eyes and turned to Norra, “Why did you bring these here?” “We knew we’d be picking you up and needed to know you were the real deal,” Norra replied, crossing her arms over the doctor’s uniform, “Our historians have been at it for months since we stole them, and they haven’t been able to translate them. If you can do that for us, consider yourself part of the Resistance.” “With a all due respect, Norra,” You wrung your hands together, eyes darting from the artifacts on the floor to the woman in front of you, “Being a historian is my past. There are too many bad memories associated with it and I don’t want to do it anymore. If there’s any way the Resistance can get me a new job-“ “Translate these and then we’ll talk,” Norra’s hands rested on her hips now, a stance broadcasting impatience and authority. You turned quickly, not wanting to anger her any more, and crouched down beside the artifacts. Beside you, Norra handed you her datapad to keep track of your notes on. There were three artifacts, and right away you knew they were a map. You needed to translate the symbols first in order to find the key, and once you found the key you could search maps on the datapad, hoping the coordinates would lead somewhere. Hours passed with you sitting on the floor, staring from the artifacts to the datapad. At one point someone brought you food and caf, and you ate the food quickly and only drank the caf once you’d forgotten about it at which point it had grown cold. Resistance members would come and go to watch you work. A girl with buns in her hair, arms crossed and eyebrows furrowed as if she was attempting to help. You could’ve sworn you saw a glint of something silver on her belt. Another time, an injured pilot hobbled up beside you with his friend, the both of them staring down at the artifacts, before they left too. A few hours in, you finally located the key. It consisted of four different symbols, and you were able to make a simulation of the map on the datapad, and project it into the space as you searched on it for similar maps. Your hands were sweaty with anticipation and anxiety. You’d never worked this hard and under so much pressure- what would happen if they failed? Would they kill you? However, you didn’t worry about that because almost immediately after you simulated the map, you found its brother on the datapad. A system not too far away from Starkiller 2, the map showed an undiscovered hyperspace route leading to an ancient planet. Finally, you stood to your feet and dusted off your pants, staring down at your hard work. You felt Norra’s presence before she spoke. “Great job,” She said, and when you turned, you saw she was actually smiling, “Any idea where this leads exactly?” “Well, considering the other maps I’ve translated for the First Order, I’d say this leads to an ancient Jedi Temple,” You said. “Thank you,” Norra said, then turned to look towards the injured pilot that had come to see your work earlier, “Poe, tell your squad to pull out. We’re going home.” The pilot, Poe, nodded in agreement, and spoke into a comm in his hand. He gave Norra a thumbs up from across the room when the conversation was done. You looked from Poe to Norra, expecting instructions. “We’re pulling all troops out now,” Norra said, “You’ll be riding with me. Make sure there isn’t anything here you need to bring with you because this planet will likely be destroyed by tomorrow.” You nodded. Norra smiled once again, “Welcome to the Resistance, L/N.” You helped the troops in the cafeteria pack up their gear, and now that you had Norra’s approval they seemed to already be warming up to you. However, the pit that had been slowly eating a hole in your stomach began to grow even larger as you helped clean. Kylo Ren was still missing, and you had no way of finding his whereabouts. You knew the time would come eventually when you’d have to leave him behind, but now you weren’t sure you’d actually be able to confront it. You took a small break in your work to look around the cafeteria. You’d been here for almost a year, and had spent most of it living in fear. Fear of leaving your room and eating alone, making a fool out of yourself, or getting killed on the off chance of getting on General Hux’s bad side. You considered just how much time you’d wasted being anxious and worrying all of the time, not taking the time to make any friends outside of the ones who saved your life or were assigned to talk to you through messages on a datapad. You smiled at the thought of Eighty-Eight. You didn’t want to believe he was dead, but knew that now he was one with the Force, and free forever from the tyranny of the First Order. In war there were sacrifices to be made, and losing your parents, your therapist, and Eighty-Eight was only just the beginning. You got back to work and contemplated your new comrades, stealing looks at other Resistance members laughing and joking as they cleaned, others helping the injured to their feet. You thought about the time you’d spent with the First Order and if you’d ever seen anyone smile or laugh. You made a pact with yourself to help people as a Resistance member. Once everything was packed and cleaned and ready to go, the small crowd made its way out of the cafeteria and through the base. Luckily the cafeteria was near the hangar, and there were already three transport ships and an X-Wing waiting. If you’d been in the hangar before, you couldn’t remember. Possibly you’d been there when you’d arrived, but that day had been so hectic that you forgave yourself for not remembering. Perhaps it was because the First Order was now on the losing side of the battle, but the hangar was almost completely destroyed. Resistance technicians were repairing several holes in the walls, and the only remaining TIE Fighters were either on fire or damaged. You walked beside Norra as she led the group through the hangar. Seeing all of the destruction to the hangar alone and the almost complete lack of First Order relics made your heart swell with a weird feeling of pride. You’d never known until that day that you’d truly been on the wrong side of the fight for years. Now you would have an opportunity to start anew. “This is ours,” Norra gestured to one of the transports, “I’m not taking you to a rendezvous point, we’re going straight to the base. Is that okay with you?” You nodded silently. The realization that you were leaving the First Order and Kylo Ren behind forever now began to hit you. You tried to hold back the tears that came with the memories in order to prove your strength to Norra, but it proved impossible. The sob that you’d held in the back of your throat finally manifested and you covered your face. “I’m sorry,” You sobbed into your hands, completely embarrassed for breaking down in the middle of the hangar. Only when you felt warmth on your shoulder did you remove your face partially from your hands and look to see Norra’s own hand on your arm. “This is a natural reaction,” She said, “You’ll be in shock for awhile. But once you get settled in and away from this mess, it will get better.” You wanted to hug her. You wanted to spill all of your feelings to her but knew you couldn’t. You couldn’t open up to anyone about your relationship with Kylo Ren, especially not now. You were joining the Resistance to start a new life, and that meant without attachments to the First Order. Eventually, you nodded and wiped your eyes with the palm of your hand. You stared down at the floor like a scolded puppy. You felt so embarrassed for breaking down, but felt glad that you’d done it. You’d held onto so many emotions since the last time you’d seen Eighty-Eight or Kylo Ren and hadn’t had a chance to confront and release them. Though your head pounded from dehydration and stress, you allowed Norra to guide you into the transport and strap you in to one of the seats. The transport was heavily armored, so there were no windows. Part of you was sad that you wouldn’t be able to get a parting view of Starkiller 2. You figured that that small part was still holding onto the hope that maybe, possibly, through one quick view of the planet as you left the atmosphere you’d be able to see the glow of a red lightsaber off in the distance. A middle-aged man you vaguely recognized boarded the ship with you and sat beside Norra in the co-pilot’s seat. Together, they logged in coordinates and prepped the ship for takeoff. Your nerves were a bundle of excitement and guilt as the floor below you vibrated. Norra turned in her seat and gave you a reassuring smile, “Ready?” You suddenly remembered your datapad in your quarters, with the photo file Kylo Ren had given to you. You felt a slight pang of guilt for not taking better care of it. You focused on the view through the cockpit windows and behind Norra’s head. No First Order, just a vast blanket of darkness, smattered with glowing stars and distance planets. W hat a silly thing to be worried about, you thought. Your eyes found Norra’s again and nodded. Notes: writing this fic has been an absolute amazing experience for me. im the type of person who takes on way too many projects and then gets too lazy to finish any of them, and then i get mad at myself for not committing. so partly, finishing this fic was a way to prove to myself that i really can finish something and make it something that i'm proud of. also, i started this fic just because i have a crush on kylo ren, as you do. but i also did it as an exploration of myself, and in that i've been able to find myself in ways that i haven't before. 2016 was a whole year of coming to terms with who i am in regards to my sexuality, goals, political views, etc. and this fic was a humongous cathartic experience for me. there were times when it was tough to write this, and frequent readers who have stuck it out since the beginning know that. i just want to say thank you to everyone who has been here from the beginning, or just started reading last week, or yesterday. i don't care why or when you started reading this- if it made you feel happy or sad or angry at any point then i did my job. there WILL be an epilogue for this, so although this is the last chapter, its really only the "last" chapter. stick around next week for the final installment. if you're confused or angry about the fate of some characters in this chapter, i promise all loose ends will be tied. (p.s, the man co-piloting the ship with norra is wedge. reader recognized him bc she's a historian so.....obviously she recognizes him) the one thing i hope you take from this is the importance of finding yourself and allowing yourself to be comfortable in your own skin. being able to know yourself completely inside and out and is something they don't teach you in school. i don't use tumblr a lot, but if you all want to continue to connect with me you can find me on tumblr at vventress.tumblr.com. if you all want to come talk to me about this fic, life, advice, whatever, then i promise i'll be more active on it. other than that, im still working on my other fic What Once Was. anyways, i love you all! thank you for such a wild ride! <3 Chapter 27 : Dejarik Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 5 years later. If I move this here….no…damn it. What about here…? You gnawed on your bottom lip, a habit you’d picked up in therapy. When anxious, your teeth would tear your lip to shreds, but it helped. You crouched down so that your face was level with the Dejarik board. The glowing pieces growled and flexed their muscles up at you. What about-? Your hand hovered over the controls of the board, Kriff, I’ll never get good enough- “L/N!” Your head snapped up from the board and you switched it off and stood at attention. “At ease,” Your superior, General Orr, commanded, “I need you to get these to Captain Skywalker as soon as possible.” Now at ease, you allowed your body to slouch with exaggerated disappointment, “I’m on lunch, and the tournament starts tonight. I need to practice!" General Orr only raised an eyebrow at you before depositing a datapad and a datacube in your hands. You slipped the datapad under your armpit for safekeeping and pocketed the datacube in the front of your pants. “I’ll give you an extra hour’s pay,” General Orr gave you the slightest smile before turning and walking back to his station. If you were to survey the base, you’d find that most people would rank General Orr as “Least approachable” or “Most intimidating.” Though for some reason when you’d arrived at the Resistance, went through therapy and were cleared for work, he’d taken a special interest in you. Soon, you’d climbed the ranks until you stood as Lead Intelligence Officer. You patted your pockets and adjusted the datapad under your arm before setting off. You glanced outside when you had a chance- many members, including yourself, had still not gotten used to moving to the new base. Though Dxun was full of dense jungle and heavy rain, it was larger than D’Qar had been, and Commander Wren had even created a partnership with the remaining Mandalorians, allowing for them to work side by side with the Resistance. And since the destruction of the First Order over two years ago, the Resistance had been getting a steady amount of recruits- at least hundreds each day. “Y/N!” You stopped so suddenly that a BB-unit going perpendicular to you had to change its course immediately, and beeped angrily at you as it rolled by. You glanced around the hangar for where the voice had come from, but the hangar was so full of pilots and officers, some of whom you’d never even met before, that it was impossible. At times, being on the Resistance felt like being at University again; you met new people every day. The voice revealed itself as Finn, still dressed in his X-Wing pilot’s uniform, as he jogged your way. The two of you embraced and you stared forward at your friend, “It’s so nice to see you. I’ve been so busy with the move.” “Me too,” Finn replied, but the grin on his face was unmistakable. You knew that for years he’d rallied to anyone who could listen about becoming a pilot. Finally, during the last battle against the First Order, when the Resistance was short on pilots, Finn was allowed to fly and ever since he’d been part of the team. “That uniform looks really nice on you,” You laughed, reaching out to touch the fabric. Finn laughed too, “You think so?” When you had joined the Resistance years ago, it took you over a year to get acclimated to the fact that you weren’t with the First Order anymore. At the time, there were only a handful of First Order deserters, and many of them wouldn’t talk. But you couldn’t blame them, for months you woke up in the darkness of your quarters, waiting for the base to be attacked, or stormtroopers to drag you out of bed. When you were finally diagnosed with PTSD about three months after you landed on D’Qar, you started to heal. You learned how to empathize with all of the other First Order defectors and although none of them were keen on making friends, you knew that you at least weren’t alone. After awhile, the nightmares had gone and you had almost forgotten about your life at the First Order. You spent your days studying or talking to a therapist, and taking life as slowly as possible. Oftentimes you would seek out and talk to Poe Dameron or Rey, and share your experiences. Sharing your experiences turned into meeting just to talk about your day or play sabacc. Playing sabacc and talking about your day turned into becoming great friends. Rey was the one who introduced you to Finn. You’d never met him before, and your therapist told you it was because he’d rapidly advanced through his therapy due to his overwhelming hate for the First Order and newfound loyalty to the Resistance and his friends. You found yourself only a little bit jealous, but knew that everyone healed differently. Though Finn was loyal to the Resistance, he didn’t mind talking about his experiences at the First Order. He was a stormtrooper, so he’d been there much longer than you’d been, and you sympathized with him. The two of you grew to be great friends, along with Rey and Poe. Nobody at the Resistance cared about your past and you found it easy to relate to others. “Hey, I really need to get this to Luke,” You took the datapad out from under your arm and waved it before securing it back. “You’re still coming to the Dejarik tournament tonight, right?” Finn flashed you that devious smile he knew worked so well. “Of course I am!” You called back at him, waving with a free hand and jogging back to your route. You laughed quietly when you remembered just how terribly your practice was going. I’ll be there, thought I probably won’t be much help. Another thing you’d found easier to live with was your anxiety. You hadn’t realized just how bad it had gotten when you were with the First Order. Every day you’d dealt with anxiety, rational and irrational, and it had just become something you’d lived with. But once you started meeting with the therapist on D’Qar, you learned new ways to combat your anxiety and how to get better at doing simple things like talking to people or eating dinner alone. The rain outside the base was coming down harder than ever, and many of those training outside began running inside, drenched in water. Two of those figures held lightsabers, and you recognized Ezra immediately because of the scar across his wrinkled face and short beard. The other was Rey, and she waved at you from across the hangar. You waved back, smile growing at the sight of the drenched younglings that were also with them. It was odd to see Luke without Rey and Ezra. When Kanan had died, Luke and Ezra knew it was up to them to keep the Jedi tradition alive. They left the Resistance for a year, and brought back with them hundreds of Force-Sensitive younglings to train. Since then, Luke, Ezra, and Rey taught the new generation of Jedi. Even members of the Resistance who had grown up being forced to hide their Force abilities were welcome to train. You knew that if Luke wasn’t with the others that he would be in his private quarters. You changed your course and headed back inside the base. On your way, you were met by many other colleagues or friends, and smiled or wished them a good afternoon as they passed. Luke’s quarters were deep inside the base, and nobody except the other Master Jedi had ever been inside. Though you’d often hand delivered information to Luke, you’d never been inside. You couldn’t hide that you were curious, but you’d had enough experience with the Force in the past to never want to come into contact with it again. Luke’s quarters were unassuming, and the doorway looked like every other on the base. Rusted durasteel bolted together as it stood opposite picture windows. You knocked on the door and stood holding the items in your hands and staring out at the rain. Soon you heard the door open and you turned to find Luke’s R2 unit waiting for you. “Hello, artoo,” You smiled down at the droid, “These are for Luke.” R2-D2 opened a hatch on his front which you deposited the datacube into, and then reached out with a mechanical hand for the datapad. He beeped a goodbye before closing the door. You pulled out your personal datapad to check the time. You had an hour to kill before you needed to be back at work, so you decided you’d go back to your own quarters for a short nap. There was no telling how long the tournament would take, and it was also the weekend, meaning your friends would undoubtedly drag you out for a drink or two. You continued back the way you came but before you entered the hangar you walked straight into another person. You hoped it was a person. Your time spent as part of the Resistance could be measured in how many droids you tripped over per day. You crouched down as your datapad clattered to the floor. Praying to the Force the screen had not been broken- you’d already damaged three –your hand went to retrieve the item but stopped at the sight of boots. And then an orange flight suit. Then your heart stopped. Kriff. Pilots, as kind as they were, were known for turning anything into a joke; and you were about to become today’s laughingstock. “I’m so sorry ,” Your hand snatched the datapad and you straightened your body, though you refused to make eye contact, “I should’ve seen you coming.” You were surprised your face hadn’t burst into flames right there. Your eyes were still plastered to the floor, at your shiny, polished boots, and their dirty pilot’s boots. “Don’t worry about it,” The person replied, and you felt their presence leave as they stepped around you. It wasn’t the nerves that made you turn around, or the absurdity of the situation. It was the voice. “Wait,” You called, turning on your heel and staring at the back of his head. Long dark hair, perfectly tousled, gathered on his shoulders and he held a helmet under one of his arms. On the helmet, amidst the scratched paint and dirt: A light blue Alliance Starbird. The flight suit was blinding orange, and you’d never seen one this close up before (Poe was pretty religious about his never leaving his quarters unless he was flying). When he turned, you could’ve sworn the world had stopped. The rain outside the windows had frozen in midair; the air from inside the base had gotten sucked out and replaced with helium, making you feel dizzy, like you were floating. Your hands threatened to drop the datapad again. As he turned, the helmet revealed two lines of aurebesh that you’d previously missed: “Captain Solo”. “Captain.” You couldn’t call him by his given name and couldn’t refer to him as the name you’d known him by, as if there was an unspoken agreement to never mention what had happened all of those years ago. Any words relating to the First Order had been completely torn away from you; forced out after years of therapy and months of waking up in cold sweat in the middle of the night. “Officer,” His voice was different somehow. Calmer. No, that wasn’t it. It was still the same: a deep vibrato ringing in your ears and lingering long after he had spoken. Conjuring up something deep within you that you hadn’t felt in years. But it was different. He was holding something back, some emotion. Hiding inside himself. “When did you get here?” I thought you were dead. “A year ago,” He replied, and his voice much more relaxed, “I keep to myself mostly.” His eyes fell to the ground as if he were embarrassed to look at you. And you felt a sense of pride, a feeling of: G ood, he should be embarrassed , but only for a fleeting moment. As his eyes searched the floor, your own searched his face. The face you’d touched and kissed so many times before, still littered with freckles and cut into two with a scar. The familiarity of it all almost made you laugh as you thought of memories you’d purposely forgotten all those years ago. “Are you still…?” “No,” He interrupted. His brows furrowed above the eyes he still preferred not to show, “Master Skywalker severed my connection to the Force.” His voice grew quiet with the last sentence and the hand around the helmet tightened. “I’m so sorry,” You said breathlessly. You wanted to close the space between your bodies, to touch him, but preferred the space to stay empty. Though you couldn’t lie to yourself: you were sorry. “If we had met again under different circumstances-“ He waved his hand dismissively, a habit he seemed to retain from his old life. This time, his eyes did meet yours, glassy and sad. He said, “It was for the best.” You wanted to grab his shoulders, yell at him for being gone for so long, for making you think he was dead, but felt no physical urge to. The thought of such closeness with him again made you feel exhausted, passionless even. Just then, the alarm on your datapad sounded, alerting the end of your break. The sound seemed to go on endlessly as you remembered the sound of the alarm from the last time you’d been with him. The desperate look in his eyes, the power he’d exhibited to protect you. Contrasted now with the darkness you sensed still deep inside of him, and the emotion that poured out of his eyes and onto his cheeks. This was not somebody you knew. “I need to get back to work,” You said, shutting the alarm off. Truthfully, the last place you wanted to be was here with him in the hallway. The intensity and tension you felt in this hallway alone was enough to send you back years and years of therapy. “Me too,” He said, bringing a hand up to the moistness around his eyes, and then he laughed at the realization of his crying. The wooziness you’d felt returned and took you off guard. You’d only heard him laugh once before and never thought you’d get the chance to hear it again. He clasped the helmet with both hands, and stared forward at you with a smile. A real smile. A smile that took you back exactly five years and forced you to stay rooted to the spot. He didn’t have the ability to use the Force anymore? Bullshit. You should’ve felt happy, felt relieved. You should’ve wanted to return the smile, wanted to hug him, to welcome him into your group of friends. But you knew you couldn’t do that. Any life with him would be living a lie. This was not the man you’d fallen in love with so many years ago. This was somebody completely different. A stranger. You shared no love, no nostalgia with the man standing in front of you. Though he looked like the man you loved, there were no other resemblances. But regardless, you smiled too. Because even though you weren’t happy, weren’t relieved, you were proud he’d made the journey. He had finally taken the advice to choose a side and to change. You brought a hand up in a wave, which he returned as his smile faded. You turned and made to walk back down the hallway and back to work, but something was bothering you. Something gnawing at your brain. You turned again, to find him standing where you’d left him, staring out at the rain. A melancholy look on his face, his dark hair casting a shadow across his angular features. You always admired how mysterious he had seemed until you'd gotten to know him. Staring at him as he stared outside was like staring at him for the first time again. All new feelings that you hadn't felt in years began to dig in your skull and nestle themselves in your brain. Hope, wonder, curiosity. “Hey,” You said, and he turned to look at you once again. As though he’d thought you’d truly left forever, a hint of a hopeful smile crossed his lips. “I’m in a Dejarik tournament tonight. I’m really bad, but…you should come watch.” He nodded. Though the sadness didn’t leave his eyes, the trails of moisture still left marks on his cheeks, his eyelashes still held bits of water, and his hands still held on tight to the helmet, he nodded. Notes: im so sorry this is short but i honestly didnt want to drag it out. i also wanted to leave it pretty open-ended since there is a lot of room for interpretation for what happens :-) i know i said all of this in the last chapter, but again, thank you so much for everyone who has taken the time to read this. it really means the world to me. as for me, i'll still be continuing to write What Once Was. school has been getting hectic again, but i'll try to update that one as much as possible. again, i'd love it if you wanted to come chat with me about this, or anything: my tumblr is vventress.tumblr.com thank you all for the constant kindness! i love you all <3