With a shuddering crack Hux staggered backwards. Managing to block the forward thrust had landed Ren's Vibroblade dead center onto Hux's. Although the points and edges of the training weapons were dulled to minimize injury Ren has prove he can still injure. In the past Ren had trained with some of the 'troopers. After Captain Phasma showed him the injuries to her soldiers (ranging from broken bones to full on concussions taking them out of commission for days) they were replaced with droids. All that accomplished was the droid budget shooting through the stars. Hux jumped backwards as Ren swung the blade past his belly. He could feel the metal blade graze the white cloth of his tank top. His dark cream colored exercise pants swishing at his sporadic leg movements. Bare feet doing his best to keep up with his legs the opponent's vibroblade cutting past his thigh making him hiss through his teeth. In the end it was Phasma who had suggested the two train together. The only exercise Hux getting in the past was almost strict cardio so his fast movements were matched by Ren's strength. This was some weeks into their already budding relationship, so both already knew how to hide bruises. Ren's mouth gritted in a snarl when he fought. His hair tied back in a half-up, half-down style that made the black strands stick to his face with sweat. Wearing a gray tank top and black trousers that had suspenders going over his shoulders and across his back in a X. Like Hux his feet were bare but only because Hux was so anal about no shoes on the mat. Hux had trained long enough to know Ren's movements; the grazing slashes and advancing strides were meant to corner Ren's prey. Using one arm to hold the blade allows for more wild and curving swings. Hux didn't bother commenting on how much Ren was keeping himself open. When he had tried to give constructive criticism in the past Ren had either huffed at it or just ignored him outright. Hux giving a jab at his side to remind Ren of his stance. The intake of breath and small cringe across Ren's face reminded Hux of his injury. Ren stepping back to hold his side. This was their first time sparring after the little incident back on Star Killer. The gnarly scar across his face did little to diminish his ability to see or use his facial muscles. It was the massive injury to his side that had done him in. Having been in a Bacta-Tank for almost two days before he was sewn up by the medical droids. "Ren-Kylo, are you-." Cra-Shzzzk Hux had only seconds to react. Bringing his blade up just enough to take the blunt force of Ren's strike. Green eyes wide when the body of the blade detached from the hilt and went scittering a few feet away. The sheer force of Ren's outstretched hand sent Hux against the wall behind him. Loudly grunting he slid to the seat of his pants. In a regular sparring match Hux would have lost. Instead he grits his teeth, knuckles turning white around the hilt when Ren walked closer. Ren's mouth still snarling while he pulled at the front of his pants. It seemed to be a tradition for sex to come after a fight. Hux had the memories from when he would manage to pin Ren down: The soft feeling of the Raven hair between his fingers, Ren's teeth biting into his bottom lip and the trembling of the thighs wrapped around his waist. Ren would belly-ache about the pain in his ass while Hux would comment on how Ren was his pain in the ass a few minutes later. Ren stabbed his blade into the mat next to Hux. Letting the man watch it shake from the force of it penetrating the thick fabric mesh. Hux was unprepared when Ren grabbed the back of his head. Pulling at the red strands at the base of his skull, tilting him upwards Hux let out a grunt of surprise. Opening his mouth enough for Ren to push past his lips. Ren groaned in pain when Hux bit down slightly in surprise. Pulling out Ren knocked Hux's head into the wall. Not hard enough to give a concussion or even leave a bruise. Just a warning that left Hux with a tinge of anger in his eyes. Ren bent his legs slightly, standing with one leg on either side of Hux's, he guided Hux back towards his cock. Green eyes stared into brown with the same authority given at the bridge of the ship. One of Ren's hands guided Hux back and forth while the other braced against the wall. It was no secret that Ren was a big man (the size of his hands gave that away). By this point Hux had grown used to the size. The first time they had tried anything Hux was determined to swallow down the entire thing. He gagged and ruined the entire moment. Ren's hands pressed against Hux's head. His nose pressing into the dark hair at Ren's pelvis. The sudden thrust made Hux let out a hurk noise. The hand not holding the hilt grabbed at Ren's pants. Clutching at the leg Hux's gaze fell from the brown eyes. Taking in most of cock had his heels digging in the mat in a attempt to get some traction. There was no evolution from slow to fast as Ren forced his head back and forth. The want to dominate overtaking the want of pleasure. The snarl on Ren's face turned into a dark smirk. Relishing in Hux trying to tilt his head against the thrusting. The attempt to get a angle that won't make him gag had Ren leaning farther over him. Hux's head almost tilted all the way up. His eyes squeezed shut as though it were painful. His face a pretty shade of pink from the far too small amount of air coming in from his flaring nostrils. "Open your eyes." It was a demand that promised consequences if ignored. There were still small shreds of the authority lingering in the green eyes. Hux had the same look in his eyes when a prisoner had gotten loose. Having grabbed one of the scalpels and held it to Hux's neck while making spitting demands. A little trickle of red was running down his neck by the time the prisoner shut up. All Hux had to say was "fire," and the crisis was over. Phasma still brought it up when the two of them got drunk in his quarters. Saying things along the lines of "saved your freckled ass, sir." The shreds diminished when Ren pressed all the way in. Hux's nose brushing into the dark hair at the base of Ren's cock. Trying to keep his eyes up his hand slapped at the leg he was clutching. The eyes now trying to get Ren's attention while his hand " I need air, idiot!" Any attempt to pull his head away from it's forced position was met with resistance. He cared for Ren too much to bite down in retaliation. What use would Ren be to him without it anyway? The hilt drove into the fleshier part of Ren's thigh. With a grunt of pain he pulled back from Hux. Taking a moment to lean over and check his thigh for serious damage. The fabric was cut slightly and the skin barely scratched, it Hux wanted he could have reached further around and cut an artery. Hux rubbed at his throat and made a few less then desirable noises. Where it had stopped them before Ren grabbed his arm, pulling him face forward onto the mat. Thankful there were no mirrors Hux still hid his face into his crooked elbow. Long fingers hooked into the waistband of both Hux's pants and briefs. He let out a groan when the cloth scratched past his half there erection. Pulled down just enough to be past his ass and around his knees. Ren sucked on two of his fingers. Straddling the back of Hux's thighs he felt him try and wiggle out from under the other. Gripping one of his cheeks until the pale skin turned pink the wet fingers pressed in. Hux's forehead pressed into the mat, his hips tilted with what room he had. Hux having been spoiled by the medical grade lubrication that was used in their bedrooms. With only the spit Hux felt every twitch of the fingers. The texture of his fingers were rougher then he was used to, mouth opening in a grunt when they slid past his knuckles. "...W-wait-." Hux cringed at the fingers spreading him open. The bastard behind him scooting farther up his thighs. "Kylo, slow-wait..." The head breaching his ass turned Hux's words into a long groan behind clenched teeth. Ren ignored him, guiding himself halfway home, and grabbing the red locks. Keeping the side of Hux's face into the mat Ren cringed. The pressing too dry and Hux too tight. Spitting into his hand Ren rubbed around himself and Hux's already stretched ass. Grabbing both sides of his hips Hux shouted in pain at being fully penetrated. A safe word was established early on in their relationship. Hux ordering one be established after seeing Ren almost in tears simply from light spanking (in his defense, Hux's version of 'light' involves a belt). Ice cream was decided after bouncing around a few ideas. "Everybody screams for ice cream." Ren had said under his breath. The shallow thrusts Ren delivering started to feel looser but no less painful. Ren pulling out halfway and thrusting back in was enough to have Hux crying out. Ren stopped his movements. Lifting himself up enough to pull at Hux's legs. Hux was limp when Ren pulled his hips up into position, legs spread and knees barely supporting him. The loud slap that followed had Hux become silent. Mouth open but only short breaths coming out. "I-Ice-." Ren's hand slid over Hux's jaw. Thumb messaging his cheek and middle finger sliding past his lips Ren grabbed the forearm on the opposite side. Pulling back Hux was practically sitting on Ren's lap. Even with his trousers around his ankles he managed to brace against the mat and push back. Ren grunting to keep himself from falling backwards and remained balanced on his knees and toes. "Please, don't. Just-Just please bare it." Ren whispers into his ear. Hux doesn't shake his head but he doesn't completely nod either. Instead biting around the middle finger in his mouth, making sure that he left a indent on the digit. Ren started to slowly bounce. Hand gripping his jaw and the other pressing up on his hip to practically lift him up and down. Ren relished in the feeling of Hux's mouth opening and closing. Imaging the sounds and words he would have made had he not been holding them back. Hux moaned as Ren angled correctly, it was barely a brush, but Ren felt the shudder. Hux clenched as Ren's hips began to stutter. The deep moaning now one long groan pressed into his shoulder. Eyes closing at being shot into he let himself lean back limply. Ren having the nerve to kiss the hairline next to his ear. "Thank you..." Ren whispers. "Piece of shit." Hux spat back. Pain left a dull presences in his hips as he pushed away from Ren. With help from the bigger man Hux practically fell forward. Using his knee to soften his impact with the ground. Any embarrassment he might have felt at his pants around his ankles, cum (and possibly a wee bit of red) sliding from him and having a peer stare was beat out of him at his academy. Hux doesn't get embarrassed anymore, he just gets annoyed. Red eyebrows scrunched together when he was turned onto his back. Glaring up at Ren now leaning over him. His jaw cupped and tilted for a long time coming kiss. His bottom lip being bitten and pulled on had Hux growling. "We aren't going again." Hux ordered. Kylo ignored him. Holding onto Hux's shoulders he kissed the corner of his mouth. Large hand trailing down his tummy to message the rust colored happy trail. "You haven't gotten off yet." He states, rubbing Hux's thighs and pulling them apart. "Fuck off," Hux says pushing Kylo's face away. A grip asserts itself over Hux's cock. He slams his hands up against Kylo's chest. Sitting up to be slammed down by the back of Kylo's forearm. Chin pushed up towards the ceiling his knee was left thigh was pinned by a painful knee. His right kicking against the floor while cursing out. Kylo gently twists his grip around the base. Sliding up midway and back down then up to the top. Thumb rubbing the underside to roll around the tip. "Fuck, Ren." Hux hissed. He only used called him Ren in public. Or when he was really and truly pissed at him. Ren just playing with the texture of his cock with his fingers. Trailing up and down the length before rubbing the slit. Tilting his thumb and pressing in. Hips jerking against being pinned. Hux jerked a gasp when Kylo sped up. The jerking becoming wet from the pre coating his fingers. his cock being tilted towards his tummy Hux swore up and down. Damning Kylo to hell and those he loved along with him. "Fuck, get-get off!" Hux demanded. Ren's grip tightened. Tugging and jerking harder that left the pinned man unable to finish a word. Hux arched; his hips jerking he spent over his chest and Kylo's hand. Cock limp in his red hair Kylo grabbed the hem of Hux's shirt. By this point Hux didn't care what Kylo did, he didn't intend to be moving for a bit anyway. Pulling Hux into a sitting position Kylo pulled the tank top off. Hux falling back onto the mat so Kylo wiped Hux's chest with the shirt. Throwing it to the side Ren laid down next to Hux. "Thank you, Armitage." He sighed rolling his head to look over. "Ever try that again and I will shoot you." Hux warned. His own head rolling over to look at Kylo. "Don't worry, though. I'll make it fast."