Consciousness Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You left the window open. You left the goddamn window open. That is all you brain can muster when you suddenly wake up, seven in the morning Summer sun hitting you in the face. And so you open one eye reluctantly, not because you don't want to, but because you simply can't, seeming spider webs weaving your eyelashes shut. Your breath quickens as your slumbering state dissipates and makes way to your constant grogginess. And so you lift you head from the overly warm pillow, angry semblance towards the window as if it's its fault. You become too aware of the soaked skin of your neck, under your breasts and between your legs. As for your limbs, those are uncovered: half hanging out of the bed, half tugged underneath each other, sheet tangled around one ankle, the rest being hogged by him. Him. You turn your head around to the other side of the bed and there he is: a mass too big for your bed. You don't even know why he spends the night, he clearly cannot sleep comfortably. But then again, neither of you sleep. Nightmares, philosophical debates, sex, night terrors, audible and inaudible sobs, the kind that shake your whole body and make your head feel like it will indeed explode because you refuse to let them out... He doesn't say anything, you don't say anything. You are just there. All of this in the safety of the dark. Every night is spent in the exact same way with variations in order, combination and party. And perhaps those are the reasons why it works. None of you demand anything, nor expect anything. Everything is accepted. Everything just is. He has your key, you have his. Gradually you turn your body towards the snoozing block of flesh that both consumes and heals you. You simply stare at his back, the deep soft breaths barely making his frame move. That mess of black hair splayed across your pillow. Those fucking thirty-five-plus year old flowery pillow cases that belonged to your mother. You don't know how they're resisting, nor why you keep them. They don't match you. Guess it's the softness. The familiarity. Nah, probably just the commodity. But they're there. With his sweat-shinny strands unconsciously settled on them, while the sunlight presents the smallest beads of perspiration formed at his nape, following the shallow trench of his spine surrounded by relaxed muscles that softly curve along the mattress. He stirs. His breath hitches mid-inhale. He gently scratches at one, two vertebrae, smoothing his fingertips over a larger expanse following it. He resumes his initial position for one, two, three, four eye-blinks. Is that even a unit of measurement? It was for you. He turns to you. And the both of you just gaze at one another. Like time stops. Like nothing else matters in the world. When in reality you felt your mind could not work whenever you looked at him, really looked. It was as if you could feel him without having to touch him... He wants to touch you, but he doesn't want to ruin it, doesn't want to startle you. Noticing the bags under your eyes that have always been there, he often thinks how crazy it is, seeing his own reflection in you. Makes him feel less alone, less afraid. You notice his lips part in thought and the hushed sounds of air entering his mouth and his saliva shifting when his tongue separates from his palate. You delight in the smallest of the sounds. Your own lips twitch, almost smiling. Until you do, letting a loud cackle reverberate from you as interlaced apologies spill and hands cover your face, whole body curling on itself, making him grin and snort and drool, laughter increasing, while he pulls your now limp figure by your forearm against him. He wraps both arms and legs around you as your chests vibrate with amusement. You and the titan moderate the guffaw, you begin to welcome the weight of his limbs over your own folded ones. It is at this moment that you brush your nose up along his neck and chin releasing a warm breath, hesitating before speaking, nothing but a sighing note coming out still managing to get caught on your throat. "...hm-..." He looks down at your appreciative countenance, treasuring how your eyes mirror the day's glow like the marble caves in Patagonia reflect the soothing water patterns in the sunlight. Such... dazzling... orbs... You sense yourself being absorbed, revering the charming way his neck creases. "You're...", you whisper breathlessly, "You're crushing me..." His limbs free you from his powerful comatose bear hug and an invigorating draft sweeps an unruly lock of yours. Notes: You will realize my talent for finishing chapters just as it was about to get good. Thank you kindly for taking time to read the stupidest thing ever. I'm trying. So sorry if you don't have patience for people who aren't consistent updaters. It's a word now. Love you, guys. Remember that you're always worth it, you're talented and loved. <3 Chapter 2 : Defective - Part I Summary: Doubt and domesticity abound. Notes: I'm a #DomesticityHoe (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) What an unproductive day. You had sat at the kitchen's table, glancing at the Roman numerals encompassed in a grimy matte black rim reading eight thirty-two, thinking you should clean that wall clock. Ready to bring a new chapter to life, coffee mug at your side, nibbling on a mushroom omelette. Feeling so pumped! Woooooo! YOU GOT THIS!!! Forty-five minutes later you were considering the fact that you were making yourself sick by laying on your stomach on the chair, a single, short, three sentence paragraph written and the cursor impatiently blinking. A loud exaggerated sigh came pouring out of your mouth and you felt your breakfast wanting to follow suit, causing yourself to launch to the floor, twisting your body to hit the ground with your butt as you forced your head back, preventing a nasty mess. "Oh-kaaay... Okay..." You mumble, swallowing hard, making that bile backtrack all the way to the place where it's from. You laid under the table for a minute, mentally going through what you had written and what other activities you could dedicate yourself to, that day and in life. Almost every single day you struggled with yourself, with your worth, with your creations and ideas and if any of it was worth it. You were used to opposing seasons: you either dedicated yourself over to 1001 things, stretching yourself too thin, giving too much of any remains of sanity, or abandoning it all, giving in to the never-tired but always-tiring chronic depression and live in your bed. Some of you art was bringing sustenance in and you could add a couple of online jobs you were lucky to have scored, so... not all was bad in the Land of Plenty. Plenty self-doubt! You stood up, drove your plate into the sink and refilled your mug. Nursing your coffee as you lazily dragged your feet enveloped by the pajama pants that were way too big for you towards the couch, you paused by the large mirror after catching a glimpse of yourself: disheveled hair, a bleach stain on the wide neckline of your top and behold!, the bottom seam was getting undone. You approached the mirror a bit more. Yeah, you felt old and were starting to look old. "No, no", you exclaimed, eyes shutting, head shaking, an accusatory finger pointed to your reflection as you stepped away to the sofa, "No existential crisis right now! I am pretending to be busy!" Ah, but it always proved itself to be inevitable. As you put your cup down on the coffee table and in a very controllable fashion sat on the couch, your hands lightly rested next to you, lost in the texture of the seat's material, trying to maintain composure for your being's sake. A million thoughts going a hundred miles per hour - worthlessscumolduselesswasteofoxygengoodfornothingstupidpieceofshitnoonecaresnoonelovesyousuchafailureyouarerunningoutoftimekillyourselfkillyourselfkillyouselfkillyourselfkillyo- RING! You shuddered, eyes widening and you snapped out of it only to groan out a hateful fuuuck! as there were very few things you hated more than talking on the phone. And you hated a lot of things. One fluid trip to and from the landline as you made out a commercial number, rolling your eyes as far back as possible while the phone finished yelling at you, still sipping on your coffee. Lurching your arm to the side you grabbed hold of a mechanical pencil and a book, opening it where you last marked your position. A key turned and you caught the shadow of the door opening in your peripheral. When you next looked over your shoulder at the time displayed on the kitchen's clock it read twenty-three past one in the afternoon. Well, there went the morning. You bookmarked the page you were on and stretched, squinting your eyes at the silent man who just dropped his keys noisily in the severed cranium by the entrance and huffed, losing something that was lodged between his teeth with a smack to the ground, howled an incomprehensible grunt and carried a couple of bags onto the counter. You jumped off the couch and went to pick up his phone from the floor, relocating it in the previously mentioned skull-decor-bowl-thingie you loved and trailed after him. You peeked inside both bags and looked up at Kylo, who had his knuckles on the black slate countertop and breathed in and out a three times with his eyes shut. Peeling them open in your direction, he considered your expression for a few seconds. "Saw your fridge two nights ago." That low deep tone that ricochets off your chest. He knows how you drag your visits to the outside world till the very last moment. Ideally he would subscribe to that notion. But he forced himself to teach kendō. He needed the money and needed the busyness. And that was exactly how you two met, six years ago: you having been a danseuse subbing for your injured friend who taught ballroom dances at the studio and simultaneously a martial artist studying under a certain master who made you choose between training and having any other job. There was a funny thing about humans and their need to eat and have shelter, so you had a quick falling-out with your master and ended up quitting altogether. You missed training so badly that you used to sneak and sit through someone else's classes, not even being the same art, because you were petty like that. Those were Kylo's. You went to grab your wallet, plucked two fifties and placed them on the counter ahead of him. He rapidly grasped them and jabbed them in your PJ's pockets, your eyes following his hand, your own digging after the money and holding it to him. "I got paid." "So did I." Kylo shed his grey hoodie, rolled down a small elastic band from his wrist, put his hair up, took a dozen eggs from the grocery bag, placed them in the fridge and continued putting the rest of the groceries away. In the meantime, you fetched a couple of forks and removed the food containers from the other bag he brought in. Then your face went from what the fuck to: "Oh my god, thank yyyouuu!", while you swapped the forks for chopsticks and spoons, cradling the phở to the low table and readying the next episode of the horror mini-series you've been watching together. You drowned the dry ingredients of your chicken soup in the hot broth and covered it again to let it steam. Kylo removed his black on black low top chucks by the door, tumbled down next to you which made you airborne for a split second and repeated the same process for his phở after pressing play on the remote. You were glued to the TV for two hours, almost burning your tongue because you could barely wait for your comfort food. At the end of the first episode you had three tiny wet spots on your top from the tears that made their way down your cheeks and at the end of the second episode you had Kylo's strong hands riding your loose red plaid pants up to your knees, massaging your calves. Your finger pressed the off button on the remote, settling it on the side table as you sunk further into the couch and your arm made its way to the back of your head. Your feet pressed into the cushion of his expansive thigh and he tickled them, having you laugh and yelp a loud "no". His head turned in your direction, sporting that evil smirk; a few locks of hair had freed themselves from the oppression of his messy bun and if eyes could fuck, you would be laying on the ground thoroughly banged. You could almost hear a growl in your mind. Notes: I am the queen of commas. Had written this section at 3 in the morning and then the next day saw a bunch of friends discussing phở and all I could think was, "I fucking hate these coincidences..." Still, I kept it because that's one of the things I miss the most from my island years... Dem visuals: Catch-all dish: skull Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 3 : Defective - Part II Summary: Two mangled creatures learning to cohabitate. Notes: TW: Minor violence. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The sunlight invading your loft through the old steel warehouse windows perfectly bathed the left angle of his face, illuminating his eyes and making the outer lighter ring look like a lake of gold. Fully clad in onyx as it was his custom and slowly advancing towards you on the couch, Kylo resembled a large feline with cautious strategic gestures, his broad shoulders rolling as he got closer and his knees lifted onto the cushioned surface. Your heartbeat raised at the vision, expectant, excited, causing you to tremble. He parted your legs, steering one outwards and propped his full weight on you, stretching your arm down from behind your head so he could place his elbows next to your face, your left foot resting on the ground. You always felt so minuscule when near him. Now you were deluged. Kylo stared into your eyes. Then leered at your nose and cheeks. He lowered by your ear and slowly inhaled your scent, crossing to the opposite ear to let it out through his nostrils, the air tickling you right where your neck meets your jaw below your lobe, a rogue strand of raven hair resting on your chin, but you dared not to move. "You want this... don't you?", his hips almost imperceptibly rutted against yours, the resonance of his whisper and the crispness of his words enough to make you clench around nothing. He pulled back, continuing to observe you while settling his hands now on opposite sides of your chest. It was so quiet. Only your breaths could be heard and everything felt like it was happening in slow motion. Dropping his scarlet pillowy lips over the right side of your mouth, he placed the gentlest peck there, pulling back equally as slow, his eyes never leaving you. And then it came. No matter how much you were used to it some just caught you off-guard and you couldn't help but let a muffled whine be seized in your throat as your previously relaxed leg came up alongside you. Then again. Same side, same intensity. You knew the shock hurt more than anything, really. This time no sound from you. Your leg back at its place. The third smack over the same side hurt the most, the skin sensitive and warmer by now, Kylo immediately pressed his palm over it to calm the rising blood. His massive hand easily took your whole frontal right side. He could feel your eyelashes against the pad of his thumb, gently prickling it with movement. You opened your eyes and he gave you the smallest, most relaxed smile. And after removing his own grip from the fiery jowl, he flushed his lips against it, just feeling the temperature. Sitting back on his heels, the giant pulled his t-shirt over his head, letting it fall on the ground and then pulled your bent legs together towards your chest, unceremoniously yanking both pajama and underwear off from under your ass, past your thighs and stretching your limbs up almost ripping one pant leg first, then the other, sending them flying somewhere behind him. Encompassing your ankles, he placed your legs along his perfect vast chest and kissed each foot on either side of his head, unnecessarily telling you to keep them there. Simultaneously, he ran his long thick middle finger down your slit, dipping it into the warm soaked entrance. "Ffuuuck...", he breathed out while increasing the number of digits inside of you to two, plunging them to the last knuckle and adding his index after, your eyelids fluttering to the sudden stretch, "look how well you take them, you filthy whore." The tips of your fingers find his still clothed marble-sculpted thighs and mindlessly draw circular patterns on them as he rhythmically fingerfucks you, all too fast and too much. Kylo loses himself gazing at how his extremities push and pull from within you, curling inside, making you weep and his hand drenched. Without forgoing, he shuffles with his jeans and underwear and only stops once his stiffened, reddened, huge cock is freed, an almost pained wail escaping his plump lips as he casts his head down, his hand spreading your wetness along your crevice. You can see the tip of his fingers sliding between your thighs and rubbing your engorged clit, desperate for attention. "Touch your tits. Make your nipples hard for me, slut." You finally release a moan from his ministrations as you pull your top over your breasts and begin caressing them, squeezing their fullness in your hands, feeling goosebumps taking over your skin before you focus on the most delicate area, your own fingers skimming across the now hardening nubs, rolling, pulling. All the while your sight never leaves his hand which has begun stroking his member, tugging on the skin, spreading your wetness on its head and mixing it with a heavy drop of precum threatening to drip from it, his unoccupied hand cupping his sac, squeezing it gently as he starts moving his wrist up and down the shaft, his own eyes not leaving you either until they meet. "Wanna watch? You don't get to watch", he wraps one big arm around your legs still on his chest, roughly dragging your bottom closer as he leans his heaviness over you, "No, you don't get to watch... you get to feel it." Your eyebrows knit in anticipation when suddenly pain and pleasure flood you as he forces his whole length inside at once, no sound able to pour from your parted lips, until he pauses, fully sheathed, the loudest cry at last erupting from your chest, the girth and size still too much to bear. "Ahhh... Sshhhhiiiiiiiiit! Ho-how the fuck you still fffeel this... tight..." You could've answered. If you could come up with a cohesive train of thought. Your knees dug into your chest as Kylo started moving in and out of you with harsh momentum. His right hand bypassed your leg and assaulted your mouth, pressing on the tongue making you gag and sputter. Relocating his wet digits to your ass, he circled and prodded, tilting some weight on his left knee to boost the pace of his hips. "NO! Noo, please, no, nooo..." You almost shrieked, eyes wide as saucers as he inserted one of his fingers in your tight hole, feeling it constricting, your pleas dying off as whispered sobs of delight. The man toyed with your rear for a few moments more until his grunts became louder and deeper, then withdrew from it, smacking your buttcheek hard thrice in quick sequence and spread your legs, bending them at the knees, fucking you with aggressive thrusts while promptly rubbing your clit with his thumb. Your breath was shallow and all your flesh was tensing. "Your ass is mine. Don-don't -fuck- tell me whadado... Mmmatter of fact..." Abruptly, he pulls his pulsing cock out of you, gaining a startled whine. "This cunt is mine." He tightens his grasp around the shaft and jerks it hastily over you, one of his thighs mounting you and pressing against your hip. "All of you is mine. You're... Aahhh... You're all mine..." He growled and hunched, his wrist stilling and heavy ropes of hot sticky cum shot from his gargantuan dick, painting you from face to belly button, him returning to between your legs and smearing what was left of it on your pussy, sliding his still rock-hard cock over your lips and clit intensely and using his empty hand to rub the rest of his seed onto your skin. Kylo's hand didn't slack until you vigorously came, eyes pierced shut, your hips wildly bucking up to him, hands clawing at your scalp and thigh. "Such a good slut, hmm? Sooo good for me." He cooed while you rode the aftershocks, a colossal hand making its way to your neck and closing on it. Finally opening your eyes, you gawked at the high ceiling, but the pressure only increased. You darted your look to him and it was almost aloof, save for a tiny wrinkle of tension between his eyebrows. His own eyes weren't focused. And he kept tightening your collar. You jolt under him and grab his athletic arms, but they didn't budge. Your eyes ran across everything everywhere. You kneed him on the side of his ribs and he gave in, howling, his torso convulsing to the side as you placed your feet in between you two and kicked him in the chest, taking the opportunity while he staggered back to jump to your feet crouching on the sofa. He placed one paw over his sternum and looked at you as if he was just dropped into the scene. You slapped him quite keenly the first time, resonating inside your place and the second one was cut by your own voice. " I HATE YOU! " You spat the words, adrenaline giving way to tears. Kylo hauled you to his lap, your limbs straddling him and his decorated arms looping around your smaller frame. He let you cry into his alabaster chest till you dozed off wondering if he believed your nefarious words. You didn't feel the kiss pressed to the top of your head. Notes: I am sorry. Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 4 : Frenzy Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His body was flushed against yours and he considered you. Your eyes. Sometimes they looked so... fierce. But he couldn't help wanting to break you. You were staring up right at him. He looked so... dissimulated. His own anatomy seemed to be part of the scheme: such a behemoth, everything was long and wide and big and powerful about him. Everything but his mind. And his heart, frozen, swaddled by walls in a maze of thorns and thistles and lakes of fire and magnificent beasts, all created by others and himself to drive any jubilant adventurer away, or to insanity, or his favorite - to not even contemplate him. That's why he stuck around... there was no shred of happiness in you. You didn't want to change him, you didn't want to fix him. You just wanted him. Kylo leaned over you, lips brushing against your exposed neck causing your breath to falter and you eyes to roll in their sockets. You could feel every exhale on your skin. His big hands enveloped your waist and dragged down your hips to your ass, crushing your cheeks with his strong fingers and forcing them apart till a pained whimper escaped your throat and you felt a growl rumbling in his chest. Your hands shot up to his lustrous obsidian locks and he bit you, holding your skin in between his teeth, breathing once, twice through his mouth before sucking the flesh and lapping at it, while fussing with your panties. The hunching giant hooked his neck over your shoulder and gazed down, bundling the fabric of your underwear in between your buttocks and tugging on it a few times before abruptly kneeling down and ripping them from you, as you steadied yourself on his expansive deltoids, lifting one foot at a time. When he rose, his digits caught on the hem of your t-shirt and scrambled it off of you. Kylo took two small steps back and ogled: bare-skinned, striking in your blemishes, in your designs, your proportions. Your eyes were on the floor ahead and your arms fought to stay parallel. He took his time. "Bedroom." A single word caused you to shiver and lead the way to the Japanese bed. Kylo escorted you, silent. The soles of your feet stuck to the smooth hardwood flooring as you walked, the heel of his boots clumping. You reached the mattress, but he lingered behind you, appraising your back. You couldn't see the limb that was brought up towards it, wanting to touch you however resolving against it, you only heard the rustling of fabric. "Face me." You complied. "Undress me." You did as told, pulling his hooded cardigan down his arms and setting it on the nearby grey club chair. Next were his leather balmoral boots, getting on your knees to undo the shoelaces and carefully removing them from his feet, first the left one, then the right, repeating the same process with his socks, neatly storing them inside the shoes. Your hands made way to the button on his snug trousers, undoing it. Your thumb and index maneuvered the slider down leisurely, your knuckles caressing the underside of his full erection, seeing it angrily push against Kylo's undergarments as you rid his legs of the fabric, his eyes observing you from the top of his monumental height. You came up to your feet, laid his pants with his jacket, and climbed onto the chair, the hulking man getting closer to you to allow the disrobing, a fashionable and overpriced knit tunic being dropped on the seat. He barely had to recline his head back to level his gaze with yours. Setting his claws on your waist, he hoisted you up and helped you return to the floor where you kneeled down once more and instantly freed his raging imposing hard-on. You could feel your own juices coating the inside of your thighs, and with nimble fingers you gathered some, smearing it along his shaft before licking the heavy bead of tart precum oozing from the narrow slit. Hastily, he yanked you up by the hair and tackled you onto bed, getting on top of you and spreading your legs as soon as you both hit the mattress. "You turn me on so much, get me so hard, do you even know how badly I want to fill that pretty mouth with cum every time I see you?" The pad of two fingers traced along the sensitive skin of your lips as he spoke, moving them down to cup your cunt "Look how wet you are for me," Kylo rubbed his whole hand over your sex, spreading the fluid over your folds and clit, quickly increasing the rhythm at which he did so, the splashy, watery sounds reaching your ears. You writhe and moan, his eyes frantically moving between your pussy and your face, his own expression contorting in pleasure. Suddenly his hand abandons you and you almost scream, having been so close so quickly. He shows his hand up close to you. "Clean your mess." The stern order with a clear, unaffected tone, left no room for disobedience, so your tongue darted out and lapped at his palm, smelling and tasting yourself. He was so close to you, he could rest his nose on your cheek. "Hurry, I wanna eat you..." He then forced his fingers in your mouth, a small startled noise escaping you and when he felt satisfied from fucking your face, he moved down your body, kissing and licking the valley of your breasts before grabbing them with both hands. His full lips wrapped around your left nipple while his fingers worked on the opposite one, his eyes meeting yours, watching you attentively. You pressed your chest against his face, savoring the building bliss. He sucked your nub hard into his mouth, lightly biting and teasing the hardened peak with the tip of his tongue and the metal in it, releasing it with an audible wet pop and repeating the courtesy for the other one. He left a trail of nibbles and oscules along your stomach as he kept lowering himself over you, reaching your thighs and enveloping his long muscled arms around them, pulling you closer to him and locking you in place. He taunted you with pecks all over the expanse of your thighs and mound, glancing up at you and smirking at your evident impatience. Then he dropped his stare to your opening. It almost seemed like he was admiring a beautiful work of art. He swallowed, his mouth watering. You trembled in anticipation, feeling his breath dancing over the glistening creases. Kylo pressed an open-mouthed lethargic kiss on them, drawing the meaty folds into his lewd cavity and dismissing them only when sucking on your clit, the apex of his organ briskly flicking it before being flattened and smooth at your skin from the base of your tail to the top of your slit, the barbell in his tongue snagging on the hood. The sounds coming from him were unquestionably and shamelessly depraved. And as you struggled, your core wincing, clenching, dripping, your own orbs trying to resist the urge to close, your fingers unexpectedly crossing with his, kept in place, your gorge reciprocated with its obscene notes. Kylo grinned. You would've felt it, if you weren't so close to orgasming, your whole being shaking, head thrown back and eyes finally shutting, while your hips jerked widly, lips never leaving your bundle of nerves being frenetically dragged into the colossal man's mouth as rapid exhales left through his Roman nose. You howled, convulsing, and he wouldn't stop. He would never tire of seeing the power he was granted over you. Settling from your high, the long tongue was inserted into you, making you whine when he guzzled your cum, nose, chin and cheeks now wet. Kneeling on the bed, Ren roughly wiped his face with the left forearm while his right hand grasped your flesh and rolled you inwards on the mattress. "Ass up." You propped yourself on your kneecaps and elbows, back arched as far as it would go, exposing all of your backside and pussy like you knew he loved. "Mmm, your ass drives me insane..." His tenacious hands kneaded your posterior, striking it and making you lunge forth at the contact. Kylo tugged you upright across his built blazing physique, encasing your shoulders and waist, the hand on top turning your head to the side, favoring his teeth to nip all exposed skin from ear to upper back. You wiggled your butt against his solid member, fondling it along your split, a short viscous thread of wetness swaying from your cunt. "Please fuck me, please, please," you mewled. "Ah, she speaks! What did you say, my little cum slave?" Teasing with his baritone hum, he placed his ear next to your lips. "Would you kindly take pity on your servant and honor me with your superb manhood, Master?" Your voice barely above a whisper. "Aww, so cordial. How can I deny such a gracious request?" You hair being smoothed, his nose tracing your jaw. He granted your body quiescence, a cheek resting against the comfortable bedding, your arms folded under you, nails faintly scraping your chin, breath steadying. The titan raked his touch across your supple skin. The directed glans nudged your entrance and slickly invaded you, his respiration arrested in his lungs, only being freed past mid insertion and accompanied by a coarse groan. Then he halted, foreboding filling you almost as much as his massively thick cock - it was about to hurt. Kylo moved calmly at first, leaning back and keeping nothing but the tip of his erection in you every time before resuming his position, buried in your warmth, straining your cervix. You tried not to recoil and breathed through his deep lunges. His heavy palm came down on you, your butt being toughly clutched on to, mimicking your grip on the duvet. At once, the giant's advances become quicker, both of you gasping loudly and starting to break a sweat, while the rhythmic noise of skin slapping against skin elevated. He was completely intoxicated by the sight of your swollen crimson lips squeezing his rigid throbbing shaft causing your thighs and bottom to quake. Your back curved towards the ceiling. "R-ren! Ease, easyyy!" Chasing his relief, the marble-sculpted Adonis groaned, energetically capturing your arms and pulling you flushed against his chest once again, right hand seizing your bust, left one snaking down your lower abdomen to your tender bud, rubbing it in sync with his thrusts. Roaring sobs involuntarily flying from your vocal cords inflaming his arousal even further. "Shh, shh, shh, shh... Just take it... Ta-ahhhh... Take it!" Kylo kept shushing you, staggering moans from him falling to your ears. Pushing through the pain, all your senses attuned to his body: the breath on your neck, the fingers on your clit and breast, the torso on your back. His hair itching lightly on your collar, his thighs brushing on yours. With incongruous blaspheme, your walls contracted, milking him. The enormous male stalled, drooling on your shoulder, clasping you, pumping into you, a guttural sound ending in a mellow hum. Ren loosened his robust limbs, shifted his legs under himself and fell back on his bottom, leaning on his elbows, while your own frame collapsed forward, ass still up in the air. Half-lidded eyes bore into your pelvis, seeing the cloudy white mixture tinted pink slowly oozing from within you. Both remained in your positions for what it felt like an eternity, your eyes closing, almost dozing off until you felt Kylo stirring, your head shooting to the bathroom doorway as you watched his bare, perfect, bow-legged ass disappearing into it. You heard the toilet flushing and the faucet opening. The man exited carrying a damp cloth, crawling back onto bed and delicately cleaning you, tossing the rag to the side, then pulled himself lazily up to your side. He looked at you. His eyes carried up to no particular place on the ceiling above. You avoided his stare. Felt him restless. Suddenly, Ren jumped to his feet and walked to the chair where you had laid out his clothes, redressing in silence. From your spot, you turned on your side, away from him. He blinked, hooded dark pools set on the cushioned seat. Not long after, he spun on his heel and made way through your living room, picking up your panties from the floor, pocketing them and taking his keys, closing the door behind him. You wished he had stayed. You took a deep breath and couldn't help the tears and sobs that were liberated, you didn't even know why. Notes: For reference, cause I don't know about you but I like visuals... Ren's clothes: here Ren's boots: here Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 5 : Symbiosis Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A minor panic attack had struck you. You didn't know why, you were in the safety of your cave, you had been relaxed. Your mind, of course, never ceased thinking about a million things, so... could you really say you didn't know why? There were the imbalanced familiar relationships, that even though they were barely actual relationships as you haven't talked to anyone besides your mom for years they still sneaked their way into your brain. There was the anxiety about life and plans and how you kept vigilance over the count down, seeing time running through your fingers like sand, unable to grasp it, stop it, take control. There were the always afflicting thoughts, the bigger questions in the Universe that have haunted you since childhood - What's the point? Why we're here? Where we came from? Why be born, get a job, have kids, die? Why is everybody doing it? Why are feelings demanded of us towards some? Why? When no one cares about what happens inside... Nothing is true. Nothing is real. They might have called you a mess. If they only knew, that is... You had some of the best social masks. Thankfully you didn't have to wear them often as of late. You've been isolating yourself for the last 10 years, only going out when necessary, only saying the essential. You've pretty much lost all your "friends". You didn't care. Roughly wiping your face with your hands and managing to stab your right eyelid with your nails, you stared down at the toddler-size stuffed animal you had been cuddling, suffocating between body-wracking sobs following your fit of terror. Without a second thought, you shoved it under your arm and flew to the door, snatching your bag and slipping into your sneakers, collecting both your keys and sunglasses and heading out. Headphones on, the shades hid your grounded bloodshot puffy eyes, attempting to pay no heed to the curious glances from passersby, before entering the closest coffee shop and analyzing their menu while getting in line, more out of nervous habit than necessity, for you gravitated and rotated over the same four, five drinks, depending on season and inclination. After paying for your beverage and be given it, you walked towards the subway station, squeezing your faithful buddy. Shortly, you were getting in the train and sitting between a tall old man and a law student in heels and on her phone, while a male teenager with earphones checked her out and a woman attempted to remove a fallen eyelash from her girlfriend's cheek. Blowing on your still steaming drink and taking a whiff, you wondered why you hated people and noise, yet loved observing them. The boy was the first one to exit on his stop. Then the women, whose spots were taken by a guy in layers of dance wear carrying a duffel and a mother with an infant against her chest and a six-year-old who stared at you. Nearing your stop, both you and the old man got up. He smiled and nodded, extending his arm and letting you pass ahead of him. You replied mutely, simpering, and exited, making your way up the cement stairs, seeing the congestion of individuals on the escalator. As you saw sunlight once again, your steps decelerated. Now closer to your destination, you moved the chunky companion from your sweaty front to your underarm and strolled, nursing the now appropriate to consume liquid. Eleven leisure minutes passed by, after forcing yourself to window shop, and you were making your way up to Ren's apartment, not before writing your name down on the visitor's sheet and the hefty concierge telling you he wasn't home. "Oh, I know. Thank you." Polite smiles were offered and you scanned the two-inch card on your keychain to activate the elevator. He claimed he had sold himself to the modeling industry and put enough odd jobs under his belt while cradling Callicles, Pyrrho and Seneca's works through college so he could get this place for himself. It was all his. You didn't even dare attempting to guess how much he paid for it, if your own hard-worked-for old loft was indication of anything. Plus his location was much more centered. It was an uninterrupted ascension and you walked till the end of the narrow short corridor, fished the keys from your satchel, opening the front door and setting the keychain along the warm potion atop the dining table. At this time of the afternoon, Kylo has made his way to work, so you know it will be hours till he's home. You approach one of the windows and take in the view: busy city down there, pedestrians marching amongst skyscrapers and parking structures, vehicles stuck in traffic, an occasional laughter or horn floating its way up to your ears. A shuddering sigh rattled through you, back turning against the world and feet mindlessly guiding you to the giant's alcove. You slipped off your shoes, dropped your bag, unlaced the top of your sweats and shook them down your legs. Without ever letting go of your tranquilizing partner, one hand pulled the vintage crewneck t-shirt off and let it fall on the pile. You cracked the bedroom's window open and settled in the middle of the king size bed. The spacious squishy mattress took over the room, but the owner himself was quite colossal. In a fetal position, tightening around your friend, you buried your head between it and the pillow, letting the mixed smell of him and his shampoo, the warmth of the late afternoon and the quietness of the place fill you. The metropolitan muffled noise way in the background... You fell asleep. Dreamless. Just exhaustion. Kylo entered his apartment, damp hair from the gym's shower, drained, heading to the laundry area, when he spotted extra items on his table. Grabbing your cup of now cold elixir, he indulged on his way to jam the contents of his rucksack in the washer. Then paused in the kitchen, reading 9:27pm on the fridge's door, finishing the drink and tossing the cup. Shoes now off, he paused by the bedroom's doorway, examining the curling figure in the falling darkness and how she was gripping the black mass so tightly, hiding her face, then stepped in the window's direction, slowly closing it. Carefully, that tree-of-a-man laid on his side facing you, watching you. Stirring, you peeked from behind the plushy, drowsily blinking at him. Perhaps it was the sleep in your eyes, or the dusk, but you thought you saw him smiling for a bit. You unwrapped your right arm and softly touched his face, trailing down his chin and back to his upper lip, feeling the prickling hairs on your fingertips. "You letting it grow?" Listless words leaving your heavy body. Kylo hummed, lifting his left hand and rubbing on top of yours against his jaw. "Been a while since I last did." Retreating your hand, you perched yourself on your elbow and began moving off the bed. "Where are you going?" "I gotta go." "I just got home. Haven't seen you in two weeks." "Almost two weeks. And I meant to the bathroom." His hand folded over your wrist and gently pulled you back to the heart of the bed, your loyal soft friend squished between the two. "Ren, I have to go." "Just a bit longer..." His voice in a deep whispering request, the sentence ending in a leftover exhale that swept across your lips, his nose burying in your neck and hair, breathing in and out profoundly, soothing your still hazy state back to sleep, his own eyes closing. Next time you woke, night had fallen. The bulky form rouse, turning the bedside lamp on, making you both squint as he removed his uncomfortable clothes. Launching your feet to the ground, a sharp pain shot through your bladder, immobilizing you while a stiffed grimace took over your expression. Seeing you shutting down from the other side of the room, Kylo rushed over and picked you up with his solid arms, scurrying to the bathroom and entering the shower, sitting on the granite bench with you straddling him. You just stared at Ren. Still in his underwear, the pale-skinned male rid you of your bra and turned the shower on, keeping his almond hooded eyes on yours, his big warm hands caressing your arms. A small smirk pulled at his lips. You leaned back, steadying yourself on his forearms and letting the relaxing jets flow through your hair, resuming your spot after, water dribbling down your back and bottom. One of his big paws was placed over your extended abdomen, pressing on it gently and causing you jaw to tighten. His brows knit together, picking on your apprehension. It was not the first time you had engaged in this. Both of you had seen, smelled, felt and tasted almost every fluid your bodies produced, but as intimate as it was and as close as you felt, it still pulled at your self-conscience. And so you were holding it in. "Want me to do it too?" A disquieting nod was all you offered. Ren encircled your waist with an athletic limb, displacing your frame from his core to his sturdy dextral thigh, your own right leg still wrapped over his lap. His gaze descended to the front of his exercise midway briefs, deft digits pulling his resting member out and momentarily setting it on your inner thigh, somewhat stretching the shaft before loosening up and letting the rivulet of urine stream onto you. Four eyes fixed on the acrid liquid washing down your groin and soaking your cotton panties till the last drops were erratically expelled, his mouth finding your receptive neck, sloppily kissing it and simultaneously moving your hips back and forth on his lap. Your fingers tangled in the pitch black tendrils, a shiver running along your whole anatomy, while the shower steam awarded you both a misty glow. The hulking man restored your figure to the center of his lap and pulled your underwear to the side with his thumb while looking up at you. You held his stare, unclenching and obliging for the pungent juice to trickle onto his generous half-hard length, fully drenching his briefs and letting it pour down to the shower's floor. This time you were sure he smiled. Both his thumbs caught on the smooth humid textile, bisecting the front of your undies, before lifting you over his progressively stiffening dick and letting your folds engulf it at your own pace. Relaxing sighs leaked from you and from him, and instantly the monstrous mass got up and carried you under the pleasant rain, supported by his mighty limbs, till your back hit the contrasting chilled wall. Your legs hung over his arms, while your own tightened around his solid neck, huge hands groping your ass. Ren fucked up into you. Neither of you spoke after, cocooning yourselves in towels and in each other. Scratching his growing facial hair with your nails, you muttered how much you liked it. Notes: Omorashi?! More like just peeing... Also, Ren unnecessarily rips underwear cause he's xxxtra. For reference, cause I don't know about you but I like visuals... Ren's bed (forget about the hotel disposition of the bedding): here Ren's shower (except no LEDs, bad LEDs, kill the LEDs) : here Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 6 : Inveterate - Part I Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It must had been ten to one when you turned off the lights. Ren came by after dinner, plopped on your couch and watched a French movie with the sound off, while you furiously typed on your laptop, gesticulated in the air and mumbled, trying to find the right words, often cursing your way through a sentence. When you noticed the TV off, your document was saved and the screen was put down. You got up from the kitchen chair and finished your water before reaching the back of the navy sofa and leaning on it. "Come here", he called out louder than necessary, his eyes closed. You spoke levelly. "I am here." Head tilting in your direction and eyes opening. "Come. Here." You sighed calmly and deeply, rounded the couch and stood by the titan lazily lying on the old cushions. You did a double take to the entry console and noticed four sets of keys. "You drove here?" "Yeah." "How did you know there would be par-doesn't... matter, nevermind..." Your head shook and you yawned. "We're going somewhere in the morning. Well... yes, morning. No, afternoon. Fuck it, morning", he fought with the clock on his phone, reaching the coffee table with an extended arm and placing it there. "Do note that I had informed Your Recluse Highness of my intentions circa three weeks ago." His tone was one of mockery, but at least he respected your quirky need of self-preparation time for plans. You often spiraled down when the seemingly lack of control over life hit you. "Is it pointless of me to inquire further more?" Kylo nodded and grabbed your hand, bucking his hips up. "I don't wanna fuck." "I don't want to fuck either." "I am not jerking you off." "Of course you aren't." The both of you just stared. Then he broke the silence. "Just sit on me." "Sit... on you. Like sit on your..." "Lap. Sit on my lap." Still holding his hand, you straddled his hips. And there was the hard-on. "... you sure you don't want to fuck?" "I... am... sure." You rolled your neck, answering more to convince yourself than anything else, while he pulled you to his broad chest covered in a charcoal jersey and enveloped you in the strong branches of his arms. The back of your head rested against his cheek. You hesitated in the quietness. "What is it?" The man shuddered violently, crushing you in his embrace, burying his face in your collar. With difficulty, you turned your head to him, his wavy long hair being dragged by your nose and blocking your sight. You could barely breathe. He could barely breathe. Condensation and drool gathered on your skin with the mute scorching puffs his mouth unleashed. Your right hand laboriously left its place from between your torsos to wrap around his shoulder from under his limb. His knees bent up, feet overlapping one another. Your bodies an amorphous heap of despair and torment. A single sob escaped you, expression contorting. You couldn't take seeing him cry. Minutes passed, you don't know how many. When you felt his breathing stabilizing, your hand cautiously tried to push the curls of raven hair on his forehead away, encouraging him from the hiding spot on your neck. Ren let you guide him back, his eyes still humid, the tip of his wet nose skimming across your profile, cheeks and lips flushed cardinal. Your thumb gently drying the now cold tear trails around his eyes, brighter, the thin golden-green outer band capable of striking aurora borealis' jealousy. Your grasp set on his mole peppered skin, fingerpads tallying them, balming kisses planted on the disheartened man's face and chin. Delicately, you shifted off his body, walked to the lightswitch and flicked it. In the dark studio scantily bathed by the waning crescent moon, Kylo got on his feet and rid himself of the hooded-sweater, both of you walking to the bed and shedding the remaining clothes before laying in it, facing each other. His eyes shone in the low light. A pressure in your chest was crushing your already heavy heart - the stunning, tantalizing, statuesque Himeros so excruciatingly troubled and tenebrous and tragically destituted. And you - an illustration of precisely that. Each other's epitome, each other's manifestation. To abuse you was to punish himself, to harm yourself was to cripple him, to love him was to love yourself. But you couldn't love you. So you loved him. Your fingers touched in the nighttide, two sets of eyes scanning a pair of placid demeanors, soundless laments sporadically punctuated by deadened sniffles. You can't recall who fell first into the land of Morpheus. Notes: -whispers- Crylo in da house... Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 7 : Inveterate - Part II Summary: #DatPerfectMorningAfterTheRunningRiversOfTheEyes Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You woke with the early soft rays of sunshine pouring in your place, not moving an inch, just listening to the gargantuan beefcake steadily inhaling and exhaling on your back. You kept your eyes closed, gradually towing your persona from the depths of haze, impromptu memories of former years when your apartment was smaller and your bed too miniscule for the man still fast asleep flashed in your mind. A smile crept on your soul for you were still too tired to move your own muscles. And so you remained serene, eyes shut, waiting for sound to bring your awareness back to the land of the living. Or the living-dead. You drifted in and out of sleep so you weren't sure if it had been ten minutes or one hour when you finally heard profound breaths and some stiffed snorts, Kylo awakening and also remaining motionless. Neither of you did mornings. That didn't mean you didn't do each other in the morning. Because he could be still as a rock, but he was also hard as one. You moved half a fraction. The mattress shifted and the noise of sheets disarraying and a bottle cap clicking caught your attention. Then nothing. For a stretch. Breaking the morning quietness came a glossy sonority right before you felt one of the giant's arms snake under your neck and pillow, grasping on to your folded arms by your chest and bringing himself closer to you. Both your hands turned on their wrists to hold on to his forearm and that's where they would stay. Meanwhile, his other palm felt cold and slippery when he placed it behind your outside knee and maneuvered it upwards and forward, bending it at a more acute angle. His nose brushed on your upper back, his warm lips planting kisses in between your shoulder blades on their way to your nape. A sharp shiver caused your figure to rattle and your shoulders to rise protectively, a startled hum erupting from your throat, skin instantly rising in tiny bumps. Ren placed his mouth by your ear and that's the spot where it would not leave. You could feel and hear his breath, his lips smacking, his tongue moving behind them, every shift of spit in his saturated cavern. He knew you so well... knew exactly what your body and brain would react to. While making you shudder and drenched, the hand not holding you against him dropped a small bottle of lubricant ahead with a hollow and cushioned thud, then groped your bottom and kneaded it. Next, an exploring fingertip rubbed on your puckering hole, a huff coming out frayed through your nostrils. The digit penetrated your flesh, the first knuckle slowly giving place to the middle one, followed by the last one. His lips parted, breath intake stuttering, your own lungs releasing air in very deep puffs. Kylo moved a little inside of you, prepping your tight orifice for more - it had been some time. Soon a second digit was joining the first, equally as gentle, but steady. You couldn't help but clamp on his incredibly thick fingers. "Shhhh... Relaaax... Shhhh..." His voice lower and rugged from sleepy disuse, barely perceptible if not by your ear, words lagging, certain consonants crisp on your left, making you tingle, and a kiss on the auricule before hushing you to relax again. After a few moments within you, his fingers vacated and you could hear his hand at your front line before you lazily peeped: using his left hand alone, he turned the almost empty vial down to his palm and poured some more oil, dropping it on the bed and folding fingers helping the squirted jelly spread all over his massive fist - he didn't want to let you go. Your eyelids closed again and you listened to his coated hand sliding along his erection, reapplying the necessary dampness, the squishy melody this time compelling an indeed physical grin to display on your face. He saw it. The pair of digits returned to your ass, probing, preparing, leaving. Then you felt something substantial, sleeker, hand first pushing your buttcheek aside, but quickly moving on to his shaft to help guide its head into you. All the time listening to his mouth, feeling him breathe on you, making your arouse hit greater levels. "Mmm... Relaaax.. Don't-push... Don't pushhh... Shhh... Relax..." Everything happened in such a languorous manner. He was so big, there wasn't any other way the both of you could enjoy it. The first time had been savagely painful and mortifying because you were both horny and voracious. Lesson learned. With half of his imposing member buried in you, Kylo realized you were holding your breath and your muscles had started to clench quite hard on him. It tended to happen - overwhelmed by the intrusion, feeling too stretched around his unforgiving cock, your brain often shut down, lips unable to say a word and body getting into defensive mode. "Relax. Breeeaaathe... Please... Pleeeaaase... Relaaax..." He let his length partly ease off of you, in the same rhythm he was previously pushing it in. Attempting to plunge, he found your muscles even tighter, breath held for too long. His own left thigh lined up with yours, bodies turning slightly inwards on your sides and robust arm fastening around your immovable tucked ones, causing so much pressure on you. "Breathe. Relax. Please." Each word heaved, when suddenly and simultaneously he pulled your shape and forced a vicious half-thrust into your ass, your air being released in an enormous and panicked, eye-opened exhale along a loud cry from the depths of your stomach, his hips then stilling further inside you, right cheek, lips and chin pressing down on your head. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry..." His murmur like a fear-struck sinner's prayer for absolution, while all your bones trembled from the impact. It took a bit for your breathing to quell and for your body to assuage, but when they finally did, the Herculean figure moved his top arm from your infatuation prison to slither his paw in between your legs, pad of middle finger tantalizing the swollen, hood-covered pearl as he very unhurriedly stirred his hips back and forth. Anointing his digit with your cum, he increased the speed at what he was caressing you, his thrusts becoming somewhat hastier as well. Throughout the bout, his lips maroon as ripe pomegranates by your ear, his sepulchral moans, his susurrated words telling how good you are doing, how he will go slow, how tight you are. You heard him swallowing the surplus of saliva. You felt the ticklish hairs of his new beard and the piercing in his tongue every time he licked at your lobe and neck. Your nails dug on his forearm. "You close?" "Mmhmm!" That was all you could manage from your clouded state. "Then cum for me, babygirl." Like the well-trained pet you are, a few more strokes from his fingers and you were convulsing against his hand, spasming around his dick, drawing curses from his pleasured scowl as he couldn't control sinking into you and spilling his seed, one hand grabbing your hips crudely as the other still firmly wrapped around you squeezed your shoulder. Your hearts were beating out of your chests, his against your back, until he removed his softening cock. Observing you, he noticed your hand making its way down your front and immediately resumed his position behind you, head craning over your left shoulder, your right hand covering his face as you squelched into your pillow how you weren't done yet. Kylo bit on the side of your raised hand and pulled your thighs open to him, rolling with you to watch your digits furiously attacking your clit to conclude your orgasm, core tensing and back arching up from his body, the last seizures hitting you hard before going limp over his frame. "You're astounding." Two sneaky fingers dipped into your oversensitive cunt causing you to protest and swiped some of your juice from it, being plummeted into his mouth after. Minutes later, the both of you were mustering the required energy to use the bathroom and shower together, as you tried to pry more information about the place he would be driving you to shortly. "What should I wear?" "Whatever you want to." "Do I need sunscreen?" "People claim to be a good idea to wear it even indoors, even in Winter." "What do you want for breakfast?" "We can get something." "Is it a good idea for me to wear a dress?" "Up to you." "Makeup?" "If you like." "You're being awfully vague and I want to cry because you know I hate surprises." "Yes, but you won't need to do anything. I just have something to show you." "Will people be there?" "Yeeesss..." "Many?" "I... don't know... but we can leave whenever you feel uncomfortable. I'm not expecting to stay there for long anyway..." Notes: Yes, I used "beefcake". Yes, Ren used "babygirl". And said he was sorry. I am shocked with all these things. Or perhaps he is developing a case of the feels. Arrest us. ASMR Ren is my thing. Easy on the butt fun, kids! Go slow and have LOADS of patience. Remember everything is still transmissible in the back. Life isn't a porn flick. Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 8 : Inveterate - Part III Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You got in his '68 Charger and immediately kicked off your boots, crossing your legs on your seat, and tugged on the seat belt. You absolutely loved his car and envied him for it. Had been over a year and a half since you were last driven by Kylo. You had gone to an unexpectedly crowded rooftop party thrown a town away by a friend of a friend and you swore to never again attend things out of anxious pressure. You know, when people are excited about plans and expect you to be a part of them - just.say.no. It was too cold, everyone got too drunk and you were surrounded by pretentious, self-entitled asswipes who turned very handsy when not sober. Therefore, like in teen movies, you locked yourself in one of the bathrooms and called Superman to come save you. And he was kind of angry at you for some reason? Perhaps because he was out somewhere with someone? You didn't ask but you remember hearing music and voices over the phone. When the black-wearing Goliath walked through the party searching for you, six-five, built as a god damned castle tower, looking like he could probably drag everyone there to the underworld with him by the hair, you just felt giddy. And bad, very bad. So after a silent ride back home, parking and arguing with you at two in the morning when he didn't even exactly know why, the night ended with you sucking his dick and getting cummed on before he drove off and you went upstairs. Class act. "Is it far?" "Little over an hour if traffic isn't bad." His tresses were still slightly damp from showering, as were yours. You rolled down the window for the morning air to flow, sun warming it by the minute. "This car was made for roadtrips. Badass roadtrips. Ever made one?" Placing your shades on your nose, your head leaned towards him and he turned the key in the ignition, engine roar making you wet, and waited for an opportunity to leave the spot. "Not with this car. She used to haul us with her whenever she visited her brother. We enjoyed being dragged there to have her spend all her time in between calls and conferences. Greatest time of my life." His words quick, flat and bitter. People marched on the sidewalks, some going to work, some strolling, and you were both quiet till the city and the traffic lights were left behind, REO Speedwagon playing on the radio. "Wanna go on a roadtrip?" Shifting in your seat, you tried to scrutinize his expression from the very corner of your eyes, not wanting to look too enthusiastic. His shoulders hunched, hands twisting around the stirring wheel, before one of them pushed some of the wavy ebony hair back, eyebrows furrowing due to lack of verbal response. "Beginning of next month?" Your own brows shot up. It would be much colder by then, but it's not like you really wanted to wait for next Summer... "Sure." "Have two weeks, but don't want to spend every day traveling..." "I... I don't want you to be doing this as a favor to me..." Ren glanced at you. "Did you hear those words coming out of my mouth? Did you?" "No..." "Alright then." The rest of the trip was done in relative tranquility to the sounds of Judas Priest and Def Leppard, and his fingers tapping along some of the songs. Then he circled around a particular block for a couple of times and parked, removed his keys and gazed over you while you slipped back into your shoes. You both abandoned the vehicle and walked along the pavement, stopping in front of a cafe. At first glance it gave you an urban French, maybe New Orleans style feel, with the dark wrought iron lattice railings and columns decorating the outside of the tangerine-colored brick building, and indoors the tone repeated itself although having a nice somber mahogany flooring. You paused once inside and took it all in, scanning through the tables, booths, customers, counter and... Kylo's paintings on the walls. Kylo's paintings. On the walls. You walked to them, entranced, looking around yourself, full three-sixty, there were one, two, thr-four of his paintings hanging on this hipster-ish cafe. "Ren..." Was all you muttered as he followed you, noticing then a guy in his thirties wearing a seaweed flat cap, wiping his hands and making his way to you from behind the counter. The usually reserved leviathan extended his hand and his smile to the welcoming fellow, introducing him as Etienne, who attended his aikidō classes and owned the place, and introducing you by name and no further explanation. You shook Etienne's hand who ushered you to a booth closer to one of the walls and away from the line of customers. Putting down your bag, you sat on your left leg and took a menu from the large paw ahead of you. "Is there a story?" "Matt's colleague." His intense eyes rushed to Etienne now behind the register, passing the orders to a curly-haired girl wearing a graffitied crop top and baggy overalls. "Started coming to the gym and taking some classes, we started talking, now he's leaving his job, opened this spot last month, asked me if I knew of any painters who made really colorful art that wasn't abstract. And well," he gestured to the wall next to your seats, "there it is." You trailed after his hand, staring at the horse in shades of blue, purple and yellow, each tone blending with the next one, perfect shadows on an imperfect creature. "This is amazing", you said after a long pause. "His food is amazing, so check the menu. I am starving." Minutes of indecision went by, questions and answers regarding having ever been there before and what he had had to help you make up your mind. Etienne materialized by your table, asked Kylo what he thought about the disposition of his works and informed a few people had already inquired about the artisan. The praised prodigious man pinked lightly with rapid thanks being fired from his lips and soon enough you were ordering your late breakfast, glasses of iced water being filled by a big jug prior to the man returning to the counter and sending the chosen order to the kitchen. A comfortable silence set between the pair of you, while you observed the room and the people sitting at the tables, every so often a person coming in and ordering a beverage to go. You fished your phone out of your satchel and discreetly snapped a picture of the sunlight entering the shop, a couple in a booth by the larger window, nipping on their dishes and drinking their coffees, carelessly laughing. Then you took another photo, catching Ren's profile as he also stared at the couple, chin on his hand, locks caressing his neck before he noticed you and leaned back staring straight into the lens, even though you tried to be as inconspicuous as possible, not even allowing for your face to twitch when he caught you. Maybe he'd think you were simply on your phone. Or not. "Why don't you get a camera?" "Hmm?" "I know what you're doing. Why don't you buy a real camera?" You put down your phone following another quick picture and stretched your arms out, playfully. "Because I am not made of money? I don't know, is there a correct answer?" He shrugged, eyeing you. "Besides, if I could choose, it would be a film camera. And do you know how much work would that imply? And the costs? I can't invest on something that might end up in my drawer, gathering dust." "You need a hobby." "I don't come to the outside world enough to justify that particular hobby." "Give it a home theme: 'How Many Times Can I Photograph My Stove Before Getting Sick of It?' or 'Toes in Every Angle - A Study' and the classic 'Visual Guide of Benefits from Lathering Semen on My Face'." Your laughter was suddenly contorting into a horror expression as you noticed the girls on a nearby table looking over with disgusted faces as you suppressed a cry to the gods you didn't believe in into your hands and Kylo nodded to the women. Thankfully the state of embarrassment was shortly to be topped by the pleasure from the aromas and visuals of your food being laid on the smooth wooden surface, elbows retracting to your sides as your mouth watered. With a lively and delighted thankfulness to the spunky waitress, you picked up your silverware as she wished you both a bon appétit and made her way back. In front of you was a small rustic looking brown bowl of peach and blueberry oatmeal with coconut milk. Ahead of Ren was a modest mizuna and plum salad with hazelnuts and ginger and miso dressing, along two gluten and dairy free raspberry muffins. And in between the both of you laid a platter with two fried eggs and smoked salmon in a bed of arugula and cucumber with pesto. You inspected the dishes and beheld each other. "I think I like this place." You whispered with a reciprocated smile. "Too bad it isn't downtown." The massive male stole a spoonful of your oatmeal and slid a muffin towards you. "We can still come here on special occasions..." His voice drifted and as happy as those words made you, you knew he most likely meant 'after really, really crappy days when we want to break shit and probably kill ourselves'... The meal was finished, goodbyes were exchanged and you walked back to the American muscle. Landing on you seats and closing the doors, he took your hand from your lap, rubbing his thumb over your own. "I know I had only mentioned one place, that was the plan but... can I take you somewhere else?" You hesitated, hated when anything deviated from the original plans. He knew. He felt it. So his hand remained on yours, affectionate, soothing. Agitated irises running across the interior panel, not really taking anything in, just trying to expel the anxiety. Then his ample paw encompassing yours entirely. "People...?" "Not that many at this time of the day, I presume." You considered his words and his grip, ended up nodding. With a slight squeeze, his palm abandoned yours and focused on driving. It was a fifteen-minute short trip to a park. Exiting the car, you paused, admiring what you could perceive from the curb. This was for sure unexpected. Kylo was bent in half digging in the trunk during your reflective moment, joining you with a wrinkled, balled up throw and urging you forward. Roaming about, you noticed a good-sized playground with a number of small kids, not old enough to be in school, the parents and nannies monitoring them from the surrounding benches, some even in the sandbox with the ones too young to be unattended. There was a lovely pond, water scintillating under the sun like blue tourmaline. Within five yards, scattered ash and various species of maple trees forming a respectable grove was the location calling to you. Two figures in black spread the blanket over the neatly kept grass and sat centered. He leaned back on the heels of his palms, legs stretched ahead, crossed one over the other. You, tiny next to him, feet laced under your thighs, eyes closed in appreciation of the soft breeze rustling the leaves above you. You rested quietly. Around you, birds animatedly chirping, the laughter and squeals of the children still in sight, that late Summer taste lingering in the air. Lowering to his elbows, Ren slid his shades down his magnificent nose, peering above them in your direction. You turned to him, before laying on your stomach, drawing your bag to your head and reposing on it. Assured you were content, himself feeling at ease, he glided the sunglasses back up and positioned the waterfall of inky locks next to you. His deep hum of a slow song inundated and elevated you above the exosphere, bleeding through space, where satellites dance around with celestial bodies and paralyzing woes almost transform into trivial fears. Almost. Notes: I am one with old American muscle cars. Can I get a woot-woot from my fellow lactose intolerant peeps? The visuals for this chapter: Ren's ride: here Food: Oatmeal , Salad , Muffins , Eggs and Smoked Salmon Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 9 : Foray Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The beginning of the month could not have come slower ! You had been counting the days, preparing, anticipating. Like in every trip, you stressed over taking everything that was necessary or could prove itself to be needed and stripping your luggage as much as possible. Never an in-between... A duffel was all you wanted to take. For fuck's sake, you refused to be THAT person who carries a multitude of bags just to go around the corner. Even if 'around the corner' was 'cross-country for about a week and a half'. Your eyes rolled at yourself, bag check for the last time - toothpaste and toothbrush; wallet and documents; assorted personal hygiene items as well as basic makeup necessities (ha, 'basic', who were you kidding?); three tanks, two t-shirts, one bulky cardigan; two pairs of jeans, a pair of sweats and another of comfortable shorts; a mid-length, casual dress; one bra, five pairs of underwear, two pairs of socks; your favorite sandals, your preferred sneakers. The clothing items would get washed and rewashed, no need for too much. "This is still a lot of shit..." Then you looked yourself down, on your PJ's. And sighed. "Dumbass..." Removing your clothes, you jumped in the shower and kept your hair away from the hot stream of water fogging up your mirror and the glass case, the music playing on your laptop subdued by the rain falling at your feet, yet you still sang along. Shower taken and skin moisturized, you shivered out of the bathroom to pull a top, underwear, socks, jeans and the loose-knit plus your black sneakers from your bag, reducing the weight considerably. Still, you were quite happy you packed like a Navy SEAL, everything rolled up and diminute space to be taken... which was quickly overridden by your toiletries. But hey, you chose your battles. Carry-on zipped, hair combed by excited, shaky fingers, a shuddered puff of air released through pursed lips. Your phone vibrated with a text. "Lock and load!" You smiled, wide. He seemed to be in a good mood. Laptop unplugged and shut down, mobile thrown in your back pocket, duffel, shades and keys in hand, your feet took you through concrete stairs and concrete sidewalk. The mid-morning sun attempted to warm a chilly breeze that surfed among the tall city buildings, light rays bouncing off the immaculate onyx paint job of that Dodge with the passenger's door open. You shoved you bag in the trunk, removed your cell from your jeans and placed it atop the middle console, before setting into your comfortable seat. Ren stared at you, sunglasses pushing his hair back, smirking before he dove mouth first onto your neck, gaining a loud-pitched squeal from you. "Hmm, let's go." Hand twisted the key in the ignition, while he pulled away and repositioned the shades over his hooded eyes. Soon you were reaching the highway, first stop the Liberty Bell and the Rodin Museum in Philly, only a couple of hours away. Parking three blocks further, you walked there, got in with the crowd and stood in front of the iconic symbol. You stood, arms stretched with phones' cameras pointing at it, blinked, breathed, looked at one another. "This is starting well." "Museum?" "Museum." About fifteen minutes after, you were paying for admission and entering something you were quite thrilled about. As the talkative visitors drifted along the walls, eyes and hands pointing at the marble scenes depicted on the waxed floor, the gloomy pair of you hovered around the sculptures. You stopped in front of L'Éternel Printemps . It was everything to you. Like The Gates of Hell, all illustrations of Dante's Inferno . And it wasn't just that, as if it wasn't enough... Ren had never kissed you. In six years of knowing each other. In four years of... whatever it was you had. Not in public, nor in private. His mouth had been everywhere on you. But there. You jerked your senses back, watching the exorbitant morose divinity standing in front of a cast of Les Bourgeois de Calais , who looked down beside himself, his head then twisting to both sides before turning around, eyes scanning the horde until they set on you. Closing the distance between you, hands in his kangaroo pocket, you agreed on returning to the car and finding a place where hummus was served because, holy shit, you could drown in a tub of it right then. Finding a place not too offtrack, you had a late lunch before driving all the way to Ohio. Your nonsensical banter helped keeping boredom at bay, and as the five hour driving straight mark was hit, he exited the Interstate before leaving Pennsylvania and pulled into a gas station for you to stretch your legs and use the restroom. The numerals on your phone read seven twenty-three in the evening, and after guiltily purchasing a couple of candy bars you replaced Kylo behind the wheel for about two hours and a half more, until you decided to stop at a roadside motel just outside Columbus, paying close to sixty bucks for a huge, bouncy bed, an old TV and a mini-fridge, not much else. But you didn't need anything else, anyway. Setting your bags down, the both of you inspected the room, mentally nitpicking. Then the sore giant let himself fall onto bed, while you took a quick whore's bath since you had showered that morning, the man switching spots with you as he washed up and you removed your cell charger from the duffel and plugged it in, getting in bed after, mindlessly scrolling and checking activities for the following day. When Ren crept back in from the bathroom, he also placed his phone to charge and made himself comfortable, lying next to you. After a while, his fingers twitched on your thigh. You glanced down at the prurient look he had going on - geranium billowy, silky lips not quite divided, every slim indentation over their expanse causing them to protrude even more... Nose, long, strong, such a remarkable attribute amplifying the honeyed allure of his imperial countenance. The lustrous lengthiness of his locks, cascading waves as tumultuous as his identity, thick satin, soft hessian, cimmerian burden on his shoulders. His eyes, sublime almond, deep-set ones, with an intensity that shook your soul and robbed you of your breath, abysmal oceans of passion contesting the rage and colors of Mosi-oa-Tunya, always so much more revealing than his wishes, the compulsory phlegmatic mask attempting to give nothing away, broadcasting apathy when he simply felt too much... The emotionally overwhelmed introverts. Two of you, swimming and drowning in a bowl of anxiety. His alpine barbaric structure, sculpted by strenuous spectral hands, exuding his supremacy over you, ad infinitum . And the constellations covering his skin, the systems mapped on his face, holding all wonder in perplexity like a sphinx, mesmerizing magnetism... A god. The god . Notes: The visuals for this chapter: Rodin's sculptures: L'Éternel Printemps (Eternal Springtime) , La Porte de l'Enfer (The Gates of Hell) , Les Bourgeois de Calais (The Burghers of Calais) Mosi-oa-Tunya (Victoria Falls, Zambia and Zimbabwe): here Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 10 : Coalescence Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Six in the morning and that counter was practically begging for it. With your ass hanging into the sink outside the bathroom, legs spread wide and hooked over his elbow pits, you were leaning back onto the mirror as you watched his tremendous cock ruthlessly pound into you, your entire body pulsating, his muscles rigid, flexing, all of him bulging, tightening, bellows disgorged from the bedrock of his chest tinged in pink. The mountainous male utterly bewitched by the view of your glistened, reddened entrance taking him time and time again, folds moving with every intrusion, slick thoroughly coating him and the sounds - piercing squeals woven with sloshing tempo of skin slapping skin. His carnal cries converting into sublime sugary sighs, completely ruinous, when a hand shot up to the mirror behind you, steadying himself, all nine inches of him shoved in your cunt, mouth hanging open, yet no sound produced, agonizing expression furrowing his brows. Those five small lines between them deepened, eyes barely open, yet on you. You savored the long, lewd hum that spilled along his seed, hips thrusting slowly before picking you up in his athletic arms to lay you in bed, removing his member still fully hard and kneeling before your debauched state, dilated, oozing, and inserting his lengthy, soothing tongue in you, dragging and slurping as much of your combined juices as possible, swallowing some before crawling over you, blocking your vision completely and letting his spit trickle into your own expectant cavity, leering as you gulped the mixture. Then the titan took a spot next to you, pulled one thigh across his lap and with the pad of his fingers worked your needy clit in circles. All you could see was him. Wiping the wetness running down your bottom, he brought it up to saturate the aggravated nub, furiously jerking it side to side, his free hand curling behind your neck and bringing your face closer to his. You could feel your yelps being plundered by him, like Harpocrates consuming sound, becoming your renewed strength, the beginning of a new day. Your unrestricted leg and back bolted from the mattress, whipping up, his elbow digging on your other knee to keep you gaping, one crude moan and your throat was silent, dual distressed complexions that could practically hear your orgasm, mouths suspended wide. "Fuck..." The giant meagerly muttered. Then not receding, hounding, clawing one more out of you, the aftermaths prematurely replaced by another climax, your hands mashing his rib cage, cushioned pectorals, jagged sharp fangs gnawing on your heartbeat, flesh engulfed, trailing to your right breast, vampiric footprints. And every molecule froze for seven seconds. Seven seconds that felt like seven millenniums, when reality tore them to seven thousandths. Two clutched bodies, tense, not willing to disconnect. Until you both started trembling, fibers in need of rest, a daunting exhaled wail tearing from you, able, empathetic, ornamented limbs effortlessly rolling and draping you over him, as the bed shook not from lascivious ventures but pith demons from the marred encephalon. The rooms boarding yours must have been unoccupied. * Kylo jerked awake, causing you to jerk awake. The morning star flooded the area and hit you straight ahead, since you had laid across the mattress. You stared into one another before deciding to get up and get ready. He loaded the car while you went to the reception to return the key. Two hours of hungry stomachs ensued down the interstate until you reached a diner where you could chomp on some eggs and pour some much needed coffee down your soul. During that, he was on his phone purchasing tickets for the day's activity, where you drove to for not even twenty minutes, after lingering in the restaurant, waiting for its opening schedule - the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center. You recalled one of History's most painful period that still had tentacles everywhere nowadays, watched informative and illustrative short films, admired the grieved paintings, the uplifting and uproarious art. You both ended up acquiring books in the gift shop to further your enlightenment and upon returning to the vehicle you placed an online donation, getting behind the wheel yourself. Taking the I-74, you drove out of Ohio straight to Indianapolis in about a little more than two hours, catching some traffic due to an incident, nothing major. You passed the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument and had less than an hour and three quarters to visit the Eiteljorg Museum before closing time but you were adamant on attending at least the year-round exhibitions like Mihtohseenionki, understanding the native peoples better, marveling at their art and customs and enjoy the collaboration of all artisans of old and new days. You were passioned about it and couldn't stop beaming when seeing the gigantic fridge-of-a-man next to you so engrossed in everything surrounding him. You stayed till the doors closed and needless to say, a donation was made. This trip was accumulating costs pretty fast, but you simply needed to give, to do something, at least this way. You were aware it was like supplying a couple more particles in a small puddle in the middle of a desert... but those were your particles. Kylo's turn to drive three hours to the State border to stay at a sleazy motel. You were lucky to get in at eight forty-six, parked the car in the inn's lot and walked a block to see the food offer. Not good. You chose to step into yet another diner, since it didn't look too crowded and ordered a vegetable stir-fry each, which were probably the quickest option that didn't involve bread, or breaded something, or deep-fried... oil... argh... You felt kind of nauseous, been a long day with a pair of museums under the belt and a whole State crossed. Both left the majority of the rice untouched and finished your waters, when a tired-looking however still bubbly lady approached to remove your plates and ask if you wanted any piece of their specialty cream pies. You were surely drained because there was never a moment in your life where you had to hold your exploding laughter so hard in your throat, eyes always set on the woman, in your peripheral, Ren's shoving his hands around his mouth pretending to cough. You were thirteen-years-old in that very moment. "Nooo, no, thank you. Just the check, please." With a pleasant grin, the lady left. Ren laid his forehead on crossed arms. "... oh... I can't breathe..." And restarted laughing. "You're tired. You. Are. Tired." You sentenced, also giggling. Check came, was paid, soon you were free of the inquisitive and judgmental looks of a waitress and a cook in an industrial area of Indiana. Strolling back to the car, yawning, you took out your bags and opened the room's door. "We're going to get murdered." "By a ghost of the early 90's." You couldn't exactly explain why you were disgusted by the cot: it had one of those frail, super colorful, jungle patterned bed spreads, with huge leaves and parrots. "Fucking parrots..." You threw your duffel onto the chair, he placed his on the desk. Then you just looked around and at each other. "I... don't know why this room is more expensive than the previous one." "What...?" "Yeah, $78 with tax." An obnoxious huff was expelled through your nostrils. All because you were headed up to Chicago. Both of you had been there multiple times in the past, never together though. But you'd visited the museums and parks. This time you wanted to admire something that had flown under your radar and he had some place he would like you to see. At least after this you'd be driving through States where there would be more room to breathe. You hoped. "So... how about that cream pie...?" Notes: Fucking parrots: this bullshit that looks similar to this other bulshit + extra yuckily suspicious Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 11 : Velleity Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo parked across the river, about four blocks away from where you'd be soon visiting while you Yelped interesting breakfast joints, letting the huge shadowy spot in your vision field guide your cell-set eyes. You caught yourself when you noticed the very top of your phone case standing five millimeters from his black cotton encompassed elbow. Lifting your eyes from your screen, you quickly scouted the front of the quirky coffee shop and advanced towards its interior, pocketing your phone. "Whoa, they have a boombox!" The hulking man chuckled mutely behind you, the air expelled from his Roman nose resonant, massive, insecure hands shoved in his hoodie's pouches. The spot was puny, picturesque, rustic looking. You both interpreted the menu, contemplating coffee, however couldn't go past one of the items the house considered a specialty: the Alchemist. Just the name alone had you. So you ordered two and asked to have soy milk instead. The guy behind the counter was uncommonly nice and you paid for your smoothies, while Kylo sat on a table close to the register, waiting for them. The cashier made small talk, preparing your order, asked if you were out of town, if you've ever been in Chicago. You answered, fraudulent confidence splattered on your mask, Hercules quiet. As soon as he spotted the blends about to hit the surface of the counter, he stood up and wrenched them, exiting and sitting on the outdoor wrought iron bistro chairs instead. You chased after, the friendly dude wishing you good luck on your travels, as you simpered on your way out, settling in front of the sulking giant nursing the fruity drink. Breakfast went by in relative quietness. Then strode to the Bahá’í House of Worship, mobile in hand, ready to capture the architectonic wonder of the arabesque panels composing the temple's dome and the pools echoing the kaleidoscopic tones and foliage planted in the extensive gardens. You were marveled. Crossing the river to return to your vehicle, you checked the time and thanked him for accompanying you to the sanctuary - you treasured the different engineering influences in the world. He rumored a 'you welcome' under his breath. Unrequired gratitude and unrequired acknowledgement. Next stop, Rockford! Pulling into the half-full parking lot, you could make up a large torii gate, but an odd one - almost resembled a Korean hongsalmun , although with a gable. You looked over to your companion, squishing his lips together as he removed the keys from the ignition, eyebrows shooting up, eyes blinking at you. You restored your attention to the gate, scanning the atmosphere. "Where are we?" "You'll see." Evacuated the car, stopped by the visitors center to pay for admission and entered... The landscape! The hues! The adornments! You spun on the ball of your heels and took it all in - such a beautiful place, greens and reds and yellows composing the fresco that was the garden's canvas, rocks and ponds and waterfalls, koi and minks and ducks! You crossed the main bridge and wavered once you hit the large Strolling Pond, a vast section dotted by wispy blue flowers among the grass, the reposing lagoon holding captive the listless fluid, a gentle yet piercing gust disturbing the inertia of both water and hair. You breathed in, deeply, wholly, and resumed your promenade. Not many phrases were exchanged, appreciating the harmony and stillness of it all, glaring at louder visitors as if they would disappear if only you wished upon it hard enough, gelid hands dangling at your sides, a glow bubbling in your rib cage with the tranquil march over dirt and gravel, wooden bridge, grama. You passed the larger lake, Garden of Reflection, bordered by so many transients there was nothing about meditation there. Arriving at a dead-end, the colossal male halted. "Do you like it?" You closed the distance to his flank with three large, wacky steps. "I love it." Leisurely, his left hand abandoned the cradling pocket and imperceptibly brushed against your coated forearm on its way down, before moving his stance to your rear, both paws deliberately stroking along your arms, closing around your waist and taking your extremities with them. His frame warped over yours, hips against your spine, face buried in your neck, the hot breath and cool nose contrasting on your warmish nape, everywhere his body touched yours being pressured. "Your hands are cold..." "You know what they say..." A chill swept your insides. Nimble limbs whirled you in place to face him, his knees slightly bending as his beak traced across your west cheek, along your nose, velveteen huffs mixed. His chapped, sepia-cantaloupe colored and pliant lips pressed on your chin, just below the right corner of your mouth, trailing on your jaw, passing by the throat and gently sucking on the skirting flesh, earning a few mournful and rousing whimpers, vibrating against his yearning entrance. The strong traveling hands manipulated your shape at will. Leaves were stirred by a small creature. "Let's go." Immediately regaining his sobriety, he pushed his hair back and pulled you to his side as you restarted walking, letting you go once the first people were sighted. You decided to have lunch at the Garden's restaurant prior to leaving and felt quite satisfied with their food and non-alcoholic beverage offer. You were such pretentious pieces of fuck. Your turn to drive, taking route 20 and merging with the 151 to avoid paying yet more tolls and adding an extra thirty minutes to your trip. But you didn't mind. The radio was humming to the renowned sound of The Eagles, while you drove through Des Moines and aimed at somewhere beyond the capital to stop and rest. Ren on the coordinates, advised you to take the following exit and to turn left. You continued past a cemetery and spotted the very definition and illustration of a motel but carried onwards to the closest gas station. Turned around afterwards. You parked, cracked your neck vertebrae and asked the monstrous mass if he could go ask if they had vacant rooms. You didn't want to talk to anyone. Night had fallen and he left and came back in less than ten minutes, opened your door, exaggeratedly hauled you out of the car with Emmy-worthy sound effects, clumsily making you grab your bags and hyperbolizing how heavy you and everything was. Letting you fall onto your feet between himself and the door, he inserted the key and opened it. "Oh, wow." Two double beds. You got in and secured the lock, putting down your satchels. No distinguishable smell, that was a plus. The giant laid down in one of the mattresses. His feet hung out. "At least there are two, I can sleep on this one, you can... diagonally? Good luck." Your giggles made his eyes roll back. Coffee pot on top of a gray speckled counter with a sink, mirror and hand towels, to the left the bathroom, to the right an old white microwave on a small, dark wood shelf above a more modern mini-fridge... with a sticker of the American flag. "Oh-kay", you mumbled. "I paid for two nights." You sighed. In relief, really. You'd been seeing so many people, been going to so many places, you felt like a meltdown was about to surface. At least you could stay put the ensuing day. And that was all you wanted to do. Notes: Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 12 : Aphasic Notes: TW: panic attack TW: drug mention TW: love (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You couldn't sleep that evening. The late night's silence wasn't absolute - far away you could hear a steady drumming. Like clockwork. Tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc-tic-toc . Like a cartoon bomb. It was driving you insane and there was no way to stop it. Then someone in the next room used the bathroom. Loud toilet flush. The incessant popping noise of spongy pillow stuffing on your ear. You moved, stomach towards the ceiling, mouth dry as paper. Static. Energy buzzing in your head. Your body folded in half, back shooting up, lungs working three times as fast, heartbeat thumping against your rib cage. So. Loud. So. Painful. You could feel the blood inflating the vein that spans from your left nostril to above your left eyebrow. Brain throbbing against the right side of your skull. Kylo woke up with your hyperventilation as if someone had pushed him off a balcony, hands scurrying to you, the outdoor lights faintly materializing through the cracked heavy curtains, letting you both envision each other's silhouettes. Your bronchi were going to burst , yet you couldn't gulp enough air. The man ran to the sink and opened the faucet, letting a white hand towel soak under the maximal pressure, wrung it out and set it over your bust, trickling down your stomach, his cold water coated fingers running along your forehead and temples. He sat facing you, long, muscled legs crossed under his weight. "Stay with me. It's okay. It's okay. Everything's okay. It's okay." His words unrelenting, accentuated, booming. "Breathe with me." He pulled the covers from your own tensed limbs, allowing you to move as you pleased. Then set his arms stretched wide open to his sides and started moving them in tight circles, the mattress bouncing under his physique. "See what I'm doing? Do like me. And breathe iiiiiiiiin... and ouuuuuuuuut..." You obeyed every instruction. This was far from being the first time. Soon your arms were drawing looser circles, growing tired, your respiration slowing down. It was his turn to replicate your rhythm. And always it's okay, it's okay, everything's okay, it's okay, breeeaaathe, breeeaaathe . You let your arms stop, Kylo removing the towel from your shoulders, and lifelessly you turned to your pillow, crushing it so severely in your hands as your body curled over it and laid down, crying with everything you got at that moment into the malleable headrest. He threw the damp cloth with a noisy, sopped thud towards the counter and laid next to you, shrouding the pair of you with the sheets but staying at a distance. You shed all the tears you had to shed. Then unwound and uncoiled your body, turning to him, advancing, head nuzzling between his armpit and the bed. He smelled of his deodorant and a tiny hint of himself. After a while he spoke, bass whisper. "Were you sleeping?" Your only response was a lazy head shake. He combed some of your hair off your face and turned onto his back, putting his arm down between your forms, while you also got on your behind, the backside of his fingers faithfully fondling your thigh, your nails finding his wrist. * Morning came and the colossal caregiver rose and organized himself, wordlessly, pulling jeans over robust lower limbs, t-shirt and jacket covering the broadness of his build, boots encompassing solid feet. He lifted the keys from the bedside table ahead of you, your eyes wearily following his gesture, his hand hovered on your elbow hiding under the spread, returning paralleled. He exited, locked the room. You wiggled deeper in the warm nest. He sat in the car, searching for a place where to get a meal from. Eight minutes into it and he input the address onto the navigational system, the lady's voice telling him to drive to the highlighted route. He took about twenty minutes to get to a nearby town, another small one, everything there was disperse, far, lacked options. Arriving at the shopping center and having passed by way too many churches and great stretches of nothingness, Kylo entered an endearingly named place and got a hold of some bacon, hash browns, peppers and eggs with toast before returning the same way he drove through. But instead of pulling into the parking lot on the left, he turned into the one on the right, a supermarket's. Quickly went in and scouted through the coffee and tea isle, picking up a bag of spearmint tea and running away from the scanty bean brew section. Hunching his shoulders, he split to the register, paid the wide-eyed young blonde and returned to the vehicle, exiting one last time, less than a minute after, in front of the room. Your eyes opened once more when you heard the fumbling noise of key grinding on keyhole before the lock retreated, the mid-morning sunshine breaching into the obscured suite. Kylo set the bag on the unused bed, your heated feet hitting the ground and leading you to the hefty, opaque drapes, unblocking the day, the brief, irking sound of plastic as the man discarded the covering, his shoes coming off at the same time, jacket following. Sat. Ate. Cleaned. Infusions were prepared. Watching the spectral fluid dance of smoke emanating from the tumblers cast side to side, the noises of engines and shoe soles were prevalent. You moved and closed the curtain a bit more, restored to the dented mark on the mattress. He lowered to the floor in between your thighs, while your digits sunk in the softness of his strands, massaging his scalp, his palms searching for your ankles, clasping your knees over the expanse of his strong shoulders. You smoothed and played with his curls as he purred, sectioning his hair and interweaving it. After forming four loose plaits, you slid down to Ren's lap, removing the elastic band from his wrist and tying the tails together, allowing them to meld with the remaining cascading locks. You regarded his complexion: the slightly darker and textured birthmark under his left eye, the tiny acne scars that blended with his rarely sighted expressive smile, the large muted cicatrix crossing his visage on the right, the charming big ears with different orientation angles - he was so insecure about them, one of the many reasons why he always wore long hair. His rugged paws settled on your hips, tenderly fondling your butt, your fingers capturing the entirety of his raven tendrils in a makeshift ponytail, chin dropping in minor shame, a puny 'no' bypassing the giant's plush strawberry lips, escorted with a simper. "No... let me see you..." You twisted his hair behind his head in a bun, hands caressing his cheeks, finger pads then massaging the cartilage and earlobes, "you are so gorgeous and aristocratic," digits sleeking the delicate fibers on his eyebrows, "intense. And caring. You are. Do you see that?" The aperture of ferroaxinite hybridizing with ores of copper in rivers of rutile quartz in some days, a kaleidoscope of browns and tamed greens in others, a true chasm into his soul - his titillating eyes, penetrating your every atom. "You're made out of... stardust!" You spread out your arms, before resting your palms over his stomach. "Cocaine." A deadpan, wide-eyed look on you, a grin shattering it after. "Seems like it..." His brows up in amazement, a saturated sly smile daubing his lips. "You're made out of the same stardust..." A long and thick pointer delicately grazed along your cheek, centering atop your throat before reaching the valley between your breasts, becoming aware of your complete nakedness and his utterly attired status. The naturalness of the liaison and the mourning of your sentiments conceded no room for stigma. You leaned against him, the tips of your digits skimming on the soft jaw line, his limbs clasping behind your back, a warm thumb circling pores on your lumbar spine. Tilting your head up, your nose brushed against his neck and you sniffed the hypnotic aromas of fougère and warm bergamot oil emanating from his skin, gently placing pillowy kisses over the darker spots across the nape until you reached the jowl, all the while your hips rocked lightly atop his legs, the zipper on his bulge providing you more than enough friction. Yet, you needed Kylo to fill you. Soliciting fingers undid the heavy, black leather belt, buckle lowly clinking, his clothed chest rose and fell in deep breaths, eyes ever evaluating. "Please. Please..." Barely any sound left your cords, brow ridge twitching. The titan quietly allowed you to proceed, your nimble fingers undoing the metal button and slide fastener, whole hand pressing and squeezing along his length, feeling it hardening under your touch and uncovering it once you couldn't wait any longer. You held it straight up and inched forth on his lap, ascending and consciously fighting your contracting muscles, then letting your body down, the massive solid glans not able to enter you till strong paws hoisted you by the junction of ass with thighs, knees leaving the ground. The head wedged in, his eyes closing shut, lips pressed together, respiration flittering, a half-muffled whimper in the back of your throat. You leered at each other, your lasting moan flooding his brain as the sizable shaft followed after, stuffing your pining cunt to the seams. Smooth opulent lips snugged on your bust. Rugged, tough hands supporting your back while he kissed your heart. Your feet hooked inside his thighs, giving you leverage to begin moving. When he pulled back, jaw slacking, the drive doubled. The drowned slap of bodies mirrored the quickened pulses. Or was it the other way around? You didn't say it. You mouthed it into his ocean-colored cotton t-shirt. Notes: Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 13 : Cavorting Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You started driving at night, there was so much brightness your eyeballs could take, plus it was difficult for you to adjust to normal-people schedules. Both of you. So why the hell were you? Granted, worked well with the museum-visiting hours and all, but neither of you wanted to hop from activity to activity, making it rain like you'd won the lottery. Fuck, you were on a trip with no schedules set by third parties. And you would be doing just that. An hour after the sun went down, you crossed to the grocery store and stocked up on water, apples and nectarines. You filled both tumblers with fresh tea and left the motel around ten at night, threw your bags on the backseat and drove off. Far less traffic, mainly scattered semi-trailers with drivers pulling all-nighters. So much better. Leaving Iowa, you crossed Nebraska following the Elkhorn River. The radio quietly played The Killing Moon , Kylo with the good hair on his phone, reciting the lyrics, more mouthed than audible, you with the sniffles. As soon as you reached South Dakota territory, a bathroom break was in order in the first town you saw - yet another one with a church, post office and... that was it. You wondered how peaceful it would be to live in a place like that. And how unpractical. It had been four hours since you departed. Limbs were stretched, volume was turned up and you bounced near the vehicle to the sound of the Foo Fighters' Learn To Fly from beginning to end, the humongous guy lighting up a cigarette and watching your antics, leaning his front against the car before following your lead, jumping around in the middle of nowhere at three twenty-four in the morning, rubbery shoe soles scrapping on concrete, verses sung out loud, mops of hair whipping in all directions for three minutes and fifty-five seconds. Then you bolted out of town. Six on the dot when you pulled over in Badlands' area and parked, still dark outside. You exited, went to the trunk to look for Kylo's old weaved wool blanket, throwing it on you and sitting on the floor behind the car. He turned off the radio, pulled the keys out of the ignition, pocketing them, and laid his phone onto the middle console, leaving the automobile and joining you, opening the comforter to its full extent and cocooning both of your frames, a large, robust arm tugging you close and draping over your shoulder across your back, hand resting on your hip, gently scratching and fiddling with the rivulets on your jeans. The morning star wasn't visible but a considerably faint glow was turning the midnight blue sky into indigo into cerulean, the other spheres of plasma no longer outstanding. "We are made of stars..." His eyes infatuated with the cosmos, your right hand finding his own free right hand atop his lap, head adjusting to the broad chest, clavicle poking at your temple every time he inhaled. You were Nyx and Erebus waiting for Hemera and Aether. Transforming. No. Watching. When the sun lost its stage fear, you asked the prodigious man to move from the rear of the car to the front, where the light now spread across the rock formations. It was early and peaceful, another vehicle could be spotted on the far left but no one else seemed to be on that stretch of road. * You drove to a nearby small community because you found a motel online, but got there and it looked abandoned, an old lady wearing what it looked similar to a mint-colored mu'umu'u strolling on the opposite side of the street with a cane and a small long-haired mutt, letting you know they had closed less than a month ago. She paused for a minute, looking at both of you. You offered a tight-lipped smile and waved a thank you , got back in the vehicle and got back on the hunt. In a little more than an hour you passed by plenty of RV parks and lodges until you sighted a quaint hotel, already within Rapid City and gave in. It was really early but the middle-aged woman at the desk said he had free rooms and let you check in that forenoon. Cozy room, pleasant: queen bed with twin nightstands, older-style TV, a round breakfast table with two armchairs and bathroom. The titan walked in, set the bags down on the chairs and stood in the center of the chamber. With the lower ceilings he appeared even larger - an authentic Nephilim, regardless of how much he slouched his shoulders. Kylo showered while you rinsed your traveling canteens and washed socks and underwear, jumping in the tub once he was done and somewhat impressed to watch him wring the items tighter than you could to display them on top of the AC in the room with no worries of liquid dropping. "Going to take long?" His voice coming from the room loud enough to be heard over the echoing sound of pressured water falling on fiberglass-reinforced plastic. "Uh, no! But I need to shave." "Then 'yes' is your answer." "... I guess..." You were muttering to yourself as you took the razor and quickly made your way up your body. The towel he had bound around his abdomen was pulled off and tactfully used to urge the remaining moist off his fresh, fragrant hair, then discarded on the toilet lid. While you soaped your skin, he exfoliated his face, lemongrass and coconut impregnating the air, and filled the plugged sink with tepid water while snaking his arm behind the shower curtain to steal the cucumber extract, witch hazel shaving cream, slathering it and returning it to you. Yeah, he could be assuming and exorbitant with his products and he got you on his train. Eventually you slid the polyester barrier in time to watch the naked god smear the aloe lotion across his stripped skin, splash his palms and wipe them on his towel, handing you a dry one, which was promptly folded around your chest, one arm stretched ahead implicitly calling out for him. When Kylo sauntered towards you, your forearm hooked behind his neck, causing him to hunch above your much shorter frame, one of his own possessive, powerful limbs encircling your midriff and transporting you to the bed, your nostrils capturing all odors, some mild, some distinct, inundating your senses, emollient. Crawling over the mattress, he disembarrassed the large towel from you, patting your tresses dry with its ends before dismissing it, covering your physique with his and basking in it, massive hands groping your skin, directing your legs to spread and loop around his waistline and just... being. His fingers traced every inch of your body and he never said a word. Like he was recalling what was burnt in his memory. Like those long lost lovers who find each other forty years after. Or when one of them dies. Notes: Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 14 : Interregnum Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Thumbs over digital keyboard, you added words in front of words, a rushed inspired chapter guideline appearing and laying black bars and curves and angles on the beige background of your notepad app on your phone, back propped against duffels, legs crossed over each other on the backseat, tires rolling across the plain tar proving Newton's three laws, a monotonous, lulling vibration of engine in steel. You were enraptured by your own typographical diarrhea, every now and again sealing your eyes tightly in search of a better term, nails tapping fast against the screen, at times skipping letters, bothersome need to go back and fix it. The hushed Goliath had his blown-out pupils rooted on the dark road but couldn't resist throwing sporadic glances at the rearview mirror. Finally you ran out of things to chastise your device with, saved the file and locked your mobile, dramatically dropping it onto your thighs, letting it roll down to the soot-colored seat. Your head reposed, folded arms eclipsing your face, a melancholic sigh blowing out your nostrils into the chunky, cozy cardigan and so you abode. Seventeen minutes after, Kylo was trailing off the road, decelerating, the jittering reverberation of strained gravel causing you to not want to open your eyes, the prickling sensation drowning your mind in its balm. Your eyelids coercively peeled themselves when the vehicle drifted widely towards the right, then tipped its snout, leveling again and stopped. Scouting, you could tell the freeway was above you to the left and further back to the right was a vast parcel of land encompassed by tall, bulky fences, a matching spacious gate with surrounding amber-shinning lamp posts. The headlights were turned off, Ren opening the driver's door and leaving his seat, unfurling powerful limbs and rear before closing the door and circling the car. Your sight followed him to the door at your feet. He carefully opened it, lifting the passenger's seat and contorting his whole body while uncrossing your ankles and tugging towards him, hastily pulling your sweats and panties off - your socks remained untouched. Buckling your knees, he crawled in the backseat between your thighs, discarding your clothes on the rear shelf and undoing the front of his pants, yanking you to his lap, facing him, arm drawing forth to shut the still wide opened door. You stared in silence at the mass looking back at you, also quiet. His huge cold paws pulled your tank and bra down, unbinding your breasts from their prison, letting them sit and hold the fabric underneath, skin tight with goosebumps, nipples standing at attention. Fingers traced from your collarbones to your tits, clinging to supple tender flesh with inflated ardor, rolling the pads of his thumbs on the stiff buds, when an arousing yet tranquil moan tumbled out your divided lips, eyes closing as you leaned back. "Hmm, dirty little one." The abysmal sound of his voice had you parting your eyelashes and smiling. Hulking over you, his mouth shrouded your right breast, teeth seizing the peak and pulling, this one instantly slipping with his saliva glossing it. Replaying, better edge the second time around, tighter fit, extending your nipple till it hurt so good, releasing it and smirking against your skin when you shrieked in pain, tip of tongue flicking the sensitive and sore nub. Dampened lush lips were brushed gently over it in circles. Then your left nipple, licked, bitten on, stretched, flicked, tended to. Kylo settled his face between your boobs and squished them together, nose mashed on your sternum, a couple of profound breaths taken through it, hands feeling the enlarged fullness of your tits. "You smell so good. Is your period coming?" "In... two days, Master Ren." Clothed arms wrapped around you and tightened your frame against his, face sliding up your chest, that drenching, cajoling secret you drank every time: "I'm glad we're stuck on this trip while you bleed." Impetuously, a nip to your chin and he pulled off of you, hoodie and t-shirt being discarded and lifting his thighs with you on them to pull his pants down, yourself propping forward on his chest after to tear them below his knees. The monstrous cock waited erect on his stomach. Your nails scraped uniformly descending his rib cage when he lifted and dropped your body on his member, stabbing every nerve ending on your being, a scream-illustrated expression but no noise, your arms trembling, not knowing what to grab, if able to at all. His own reassuring hands brought yours to the palpitating warmth of his chest, tears spilling from the brim of your eyelids, of which he saw the silvery twinkle of the trails on your cheeks bathed by the moon, still fully plunged in you, cervix compressed by the plump head of his dick. "You're going to use your words, slut. But first," a large middle digit was brought up to your lips, "suck." You allowed its access and it immediately depressed on your nestling tongue, moving back and forth as your eyes did not relent from his in the dark, tears cooling and drying on their own. Then he popped it out and snaked that same arm behind you, prodding at your ass, teasing, your eyelashes fluttering. "Master Ren?" "Yeees?" "Am I allowed to move?" "Indeed you are." "Thank you, sir." As soon as that was made clear, your hips began rotating, clit rubbing at the base of his member, grip set where he planted it, his free hand massaging your bottom. Slowly, his lubed finger breached your anus, probing it, Kylo feeling the pressure on his length through the thin membrane. And whimpers escaped you as he started fingering your tight hole. The colossal man slouched his body further into the seat, left knee digging into the leather of the back of the driver's throne, your figure now moving up and down the unforgiving enormity of the shaft. "Nnnnnuh-so... big..." "Don't you like it? You take it so well..." "Ah... I love it, Master Ren. It's all I waaan-t and muh-... much more!" "Oh yeah? Tell me about it. And bounce harder." Head dropped low, shoulders arching forth, trying to avoid hitting on the roof as your hips jerked up and down, the backside of your thighs smacking on his own skin, right hand accompanying your oscillation while downreachingly fingering you, left one diverting from your quivering bottom to your swelling breasts and switching between these, your nails spearing his pecs. "It-fffills me... completely. It hurts! Buuuht it's soooooo goo-ood." "Why do you like it if it hurts?" "B-because I'm a-aaahhh filthy whore who nee-dsss... pain, Master Ren." "You're MY nasty bitch, aren't you? Look at you, aching and still fucking yourself as frantically as you can on my cock... Sickening." Biting his lower lip to the sight of you, he gnawed and sucked on it, head leaning to the side, satiating in your tightness and how both holes cramped around the tremendous member and the squirming digit, powerful hand cyclically and vehemently brought down on the flesh of your ass, uprooting lascivious howls from the gorge of your ghostly grave. The accelerating barbarity of the display consumed you - self-molesting cunt, merciless dick, exploiting extremities causing the two to pant and sweat and convulse. "Nnnuhhhgggrrrr... Master Ren!!! Haaa-am I allowed to cum?" "Yes, YES, cum, cum all over this cock, you fffuh-fucking whore!" Tipping towards him and applying even more pressure on your throbbing clit as you used his frame, a blinding orgasm washing over your senses, crying and spasming into lifeless stance, the mountainous male then banging up into the slicker heat, racing for his own climax, groaning and grunting, quietening completely, the meagerest puffs expelled erratically by the shell of your ear, his load pouring and filling you. Kylo relaxed and the most melodic, mushiest hum eluded him. Sluggishly, he dislodged the middle digit still buried inside you. Your hips rose, his shaft being squeezed out, one large paw holding it by your entrance while the other caressed along your flank, swollen lips splitting as he gawked the glistening globs of sperm oozing, leaking from your pussy onto the expectant member. You pulled and pushed with your pelvic muscles, satisfying his insecure nature you perceived as simply dominating... Swabbing the remaining trickling seed with the glans, swallowing hard, he lifted his eyes to yours, requesting you to clean it. It was still an order, but his tone much less commanding. And so you fulfilled his desire, crouching to the floor in the backseat to gently envelop his drained bulge in the damp warmth of your mouth, tongue worshiping the soaked, sticky and bitter flavor, gulping it, bodies once irradiating torrid waves now beginning to shiver with the night's mist. Stumbling out of the vehicle, you still pantless and him still topless, your clothes were fished out so in the open space you could more easily maneuver and redress, though not before the titan careened you onto the car and devoured you, guzzling all remnants of his cum and of your renewed dripping juices, hips jolting and flinching as you rode his face. You jumped when you heard howls and barks that definitely did not come from the man but from the nearby field, spurring you both into action, flying to your seats and returning to the road above, bursting into laughter once the fright was left behind. Hands and sleeves cleared the condensation from the glass. Notes: Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 15 : Docility Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Far, blaring music outside, perhaps from a vehicle or store, something was happening. Likewise, your inn neighbored the airport. It was still early for you to be waking up, your phone displayed twelve forty-seven, but those have always been the contras of sleeping during the day - the ones in the rat race don't. Your heart was thumping in your chest, beginnings of a headache threatening. You stirred, face rolling to the opposite side, and ogled the man next to you: a splayed giant absentmindedly tugging on his dick, stare fixed somewhere on the ceiling above when his eyes weren't closed, rib cage calmly inflating and deflating. He turned his head to you, serene, slightly slanted eyes evaluating your countenance. You got closer to his position and turned on your flank, hand moving over his, delving into the sensations of pliancy and complaisance. The shaft's skin was so smooth. Was always, even while erect but... the softness of it all, you own satiny touch molding to it. You never had the opportunity to play with it in a non-sexual way and you were absolutely fascinated with how much... it didn't hurt him. He trailed along your limb with almond hooded orbs when suddenly you were abandoning his side and wiggling to his genitals, making his still quite generous member flop onto his thighs and lower stomach, loving the meaty, fleshy plopping noise, fully pinching it between your digits and bending it in all directions, looking up at him almost incredulous, Ren snorting a laughter, his abs tightening. You nudged against the inside of his thighs, spurring him to spread them a bit more and went for his balls, his elbows holding the weight he lifted from the bed to watch you examining him. You tenderly pressed a digit from under the sac to its top, wrapping pads around each testicle and delicately moving around, holding them away from his body, laying them on your knuckles as you undulated your fingers, massaging, the sweltering skin emanating an inebriating sudoriferous scent. Then your attention was recaptured on his length and its head and how it marginally protruded when you squeezed the shaft, till your eyes met his and without vacillating you experimented stretching the skin of the glans ever so slightly and opening his hole. "It doesn't hurt." He shook his head, lips bound from quietness, voice hoarse from not enough sleep. So you looked back at your fingers and did it again, watching the tiny tight slit gaping into a small adorable oval shape. You smiled, releasing. Wetting your lips you kissed it, the bulky male closing his eyes, clenching, the vastness of his mole-peppered pale skin erupting in goosebumps. Restoring to your side of the mattress, the duvet was pulled up to cover the chilling bodies, Kylo twisting towards you, a frigid, rough paw gracefully removing strands from your forehead and cheeks, so daintily you nearly couldn't tell he was touching you. Exhausted soul windows shut, pads delineating your eyebrows, opposing the grain, smoothing over it after, trembling when following the slope of your nose to one of your nostrils, seesawing along the definition of your cupid's bow, the hot humid air blown out of your nose matting his fingernail before middle and index fingers laid on the sensible, sensual organ, feeling every ridge and groove, every parched peeling petal, every moist mote of membrane, searing, thrilling, supplicant, tempting. At that point, a ssslow mmotion kiss was held to his fingerprints. And when the middle of your lips parted with the smallest, clammy, popping note, you pressed another one and another one, his brows creasing in despair and lechery, gripping the sides of your skull, practically obscuring you, carnal cinnabar lips imminently brooding over you and him and these things eating his insides, setting him on fire, chewing on his spirit, this surplus of everything and anything and lack of it all. FUCK , it was agonizing! He moaned, whined, straight up sobbed, and you could witness, sense, the griping emotions, limbs struggling with him and swaddling the leviathan against your chest, hushing and lulling him, when you needed to be quietened yourself, yet hummed, nails softly scraping his scalp. Kylo resisted you, repelled it, all of what 'it' was. Undoubtedly, he barely fussed, or your strength would've been absurdly futile opposing his. Nonetheless, his shoulders tensed, trapezius contracting, wrists and heels of palms digging in your stomach, dragging the physique fastened around his neck, surrendering easily when your torso recoiled after an impact on your right breast that shot the sharpest pain through it. He fell limp on the bed in between your arms, flowy ink tendrils obfuscating the exquisite, yet wretched attributes. The folded broadness of his thorax pulsated heavily on the left arm you had sneaked underneath, soon the crook of his nape gliding low to it, fitting like jigsaw pieces, your thigh being brought up to his waist, resting there while his forehead nestled on your sternum. Like a kid. Upset and then embracing what he fights against. But not fully. Fighting, nor embracing. At least this time. You were leaving the motel about six hours after, placing your bags in the trunk and taking a short five minute drive to a small Cuban restaurant for nourishment and holy crap , everything seemed so delicious at that spot. You settled for camarones al ajillo and arroz amarillo con pollo being washed down with guava juice. However, and thankfully, the portions were huge so you ate what was impossible to keep from spoiling in the car and gathered enough leftovers for dinner, technically breakfast. Or... breakfast, technically dinner... Whatever. You discussed if you really wanted to drive to the southern States and then back up, you considered the loops and stretches and came up with hours but all that was if traffic favored. There was so much to do and see, but you would be unprepared for most of it and time was of the essence. So the pair of you agreed on returning one day. Whenever that was... Taking a twenty-minute detour, you took a nighttime wistfully spooky picture of the Pittock Mansion when you got to Portland, then reverted to the I-5. "Fuck it, let's go to Vegas. Get us to Reno and I'll take the wheel to Vegas." You finally said after ruminating the thought. "Alright, but we're not going to Florida." "Uh... oh-kay. I kind of wanted to go there..." "We are going there. Just not on this trip." His voice even, but his mug uneasy. You were quiet, letting the words sink, interpreting them, when he ensued with clarification. "I got a call from Matt, there's going to be a thing and we're all supposed to attend." "What's 'a thing' and who's 'we'?" "'A thing' as a formal function and 'we' as my brothers and I." "So where am I in that? Cause you said 'we are going to Florida'..." "You'll escort me." "When is this happening?" "Right after New Year's." Less than three months to prepare. Prepare for crowds, for family embarrassments and awkwardness, for... you didn't quite know what else. However anxious, you didn't want to importune, especially that night. Consequently, you pondered on those facts and speculatively envisioned what you would do and clothe yourself with. In the meantime, a sixteen hour commute to the Mojave Desert bridged in the foreground. The High Roller. That was what you zeroed in on the Silver City. Notes: Food visuals, cause whatever: camarones al ajillo , arroz amarillo con pollo Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 16 : Galvanize Notes: TW: abuse of the French language (with the use of... 3 terms) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Samson lazed in the vast dunes of slung sheets, creased comforter and piled pillows, comatose countenance hooked on your water-gleaming figure, gentle digits segmenting locks, blotting them with a towel. You glanced, wanted to smile, didn't. Instead, you sat at the small round wooden stand and, appropriating the last couple of sunlight hours, steadied the folding travel mirror onto the surface, opened your makeup bag and unfolded the brush roll. You moisturized your face, then your body, lined up the products you wished to use and allowed your skin to absorb the hydration, preparing your canvas for art. That would be the first and possibly the only opportunity for you to wear the dress you packed, so you preferred to do a little something. Your fingertips dabbed foundation on, smoothing it with a fluffy synthetic brush, overlapping it with a fine, translucent powder, a palm-sized quad of earth-toned eyeshadows being played with - lightest one on your brow bone, medium hue over your lids, darkest one applied to the outer corners, fading inwards on both upper and lower moving eyelets, the pad of your ring finger rubbing on the creamier, metallic shade and patting it on the center, delicate stroke to bring out its sheen. Kylo studied your ethereal gestures and scrupulous, however expeditious, elections, enthralled by how you refined the shape of your eyes with liquid black ink, a rigorous swipe precisely like sumi-e - graceful and ferocious. The shimmy sweep of your eyelashes with mascara, selective areas of cheeks being shaded, highlighted, blushed, a minuscule speck of brightness brought to the inner angle of your adorned eyes, reflecting the rays outside as you moved to store all used items back into the small nécessaire , choosing a lipstick and leaving it solo on the table to paint your lips later. You turned to the muted Adonis, choosing dainty accessories to compose your guise. "Do I look acceptable?" He surveyed you - in your underwear, made up, hair still air-drying, a thin pendant hanging from your neck, minute studs embellishing your ears. The male's head dips were practically undetectable. Finally rising to his full stature, limbs were sprawled and he trod to the bathroom, getting in the shower. Underneath your tops in the duffel was the loose, floating Georgette frock that you slipped into, straightening the silky fabric in front of the mirror, shaking your tresses. Kylo, once ready, stood in a grim, elementary, yet elegant ensemble he so meticulously had harnessed himself in, the surly aura locking around him - such a seductive incubus. From the peak of his monumental height, onyx strands poured over his shoulders, wet waves framing the distant mask, hooded, tilted cinnamon and peanut brown eyes - that day - went from knees to torso reflected in the mirror to you. Less than thirty minutes from the best hotel you've stayed so far to the giant Ferris wheel on the Strip! That would have been great if you haven't changed your mind: not because of the elevation, but god damn, those prices were high and they were trying to shove you in a pod with two other large groups and that was not the idea of fun you intended to have that evening. You settled on walking along the boulevard, skip the sunset and view the lights not from above but right there ahead of you. You paced casually, crowds of overly excited and somewhat intoxicated folks passing you by, impersonators and sharply dressed valets and bellhops, you regarded the slender dissimilarities between uniforms from each establishment. During the course you marveled at the MGM Grand, the Mandarin, the fountains of the Bellagio where you stood for far too long, vivid iridescence and sprays of aqua fluttering and frolicking, Caesar's Palace, the Mirage and the Venetian before you made a U-turn and strode back the way you came from towards your much smaller, yet pleasing hotel. A short car ride had you in the room in no time. You entered and approached the window, seeing quite the number of guests at the lit up pool, amusement shouts and chatter roaming to your ears. Large, heated paws scudded across your arms, pulling them away from you when reaching your wrists, binding them in a single fist, his other hand leaning your skull to the right, collar exposing to the sodden, eager mouth, sadistic, edged teeth biting, gnawing on your skin, wails and grunts exhaled through you. His shape careened over yours, swaddling you, free hand bluntly closing the curtain. "Put on a show for me." As soon as his lips touched your ear, he retreated, positioning one of the chairs to watch you, removing the lengthy, thin cardigan before sitting down, left ankle settling on the opposite knee, his proportions overpowering the seat. You sashayed to the front of the bed, arms snaking above your head, backside of fingers caressing them on the way down to fondle your breasts through your clothes, lowering along the stomach to your center, slowly turning your rear on the piercing eyes while peeling off your smock, consenting the fierce appraisal of all your arches, dips and humps. Spying over your shoulder posteriorly to having dropped the filmy textile on the carpeted ground, you could see the scrutinizing giant stirring in his seat, uncrossing his long, robust limbs, slumping further into the recliner, thighs spreading further, expectant. So you took the two steps that separated you from him and planted a foot atop his knee, taunting digits undoing the clasp of your sandals, imitating the same gesture for the other foot, his sight drinking every move and often casting upon your semblance. Regaining the previous spot as you unhooked the brassière and allowed for both straps to abandon your frame, the prominence of your bust was uncovered, obscured from his gaze. Only panties remained. Torso leaning slightly forth, your hands stroke from the waist to the top of your thighs, then moved up again, squeezing the flesh of your derrière in different angles and with increased intensity. The man's neck rolled and you heard the sharp cracking noise of his cervical spine - his head lolled back then his chin ducked, dilated pupils never withdrawing from your bottom. Your ankles crossed and, with thumbs caught on the material of your underwear, you curved your vertebrae and languorously drew the cloth off your butt, straining it at the crease, a deep, steady inhale behind you. Paralleling feet to shoulders width, you pulled the lingerie down your unbent legs, showcasing all you had for him to see. And he incontrovertibly saw it - the bright white pantyliner with new crimson streaks. The parted thighs tensed, keen on lurching forward, but he waited patiently, noting how you depravedly spread yourself to him. Possessed, Kylo pounced on you, throwing your body onto the bed, manhandling you to all fours, bringing two harsh blows to the buttocks on display, ripping his tunic off and diving face first into you. He tore five merciless orgasms out of you, your carcass numb and throat raw from whimpers and screams, finally resumed to silence, no strength left as he kept overstimulating your cunt. The monstrous male didn't even touch you anywhere else - everything went in and on the hot cavity. But second days were his favorites. Notes: I'm a makeup whore and a Ren whore. Had to put them together. Visuals for Ren's clothes this chapter: outfit and boots Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 17 : Rufescent Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Mmmmmm FUCK ! Don't stop, don't stop, don't ssstop-uh!" It was going to be a good day. The kind of day you just get plowed out of your mind - literally - and embrace the quietness that follows. Those were great days. Kylo pounded you into the mattress, restlessly and ruthlessly. You felt as if it had been going on for hours and wondered how he managed to not cum yet. In reality it had been eight minutes and he was on a particularly well-humored cycle. That, plus you bleeding - he had only started. You would be staying put that Tuesday, no traveling aside from fetching food. No seeing the Havasu Falls, no photographing the Mission San Xavier del Bac, no visiting the Montezuma Castle that you so wanted to. Only physiologic needs were to be met - breathing, eating, drinking, fucking, bathroom breaks. "Nnnggghhhuh... Fff-AAAHHH! You're so... warm inside!" It wasn't one of his most eloquent moments, for sure, as he simply stated the obvious, but at times... it was better to leave your thinking hat out of the bedroom. At times it felt good to hear how much he was into it that he could only verbalize what he primarily sensed. Or maybe it just felt good to hear his voice. The deep tone that made your chest vibrate and intoxicated all your senses. Grunts, whimpers, moans that escaped him because of you. There was nothing better. "Ooooooh, you like it? Then fuck it, fuck it real good, Ren..." Hissing, your fingers rubbed your clit, other hand tangling in his hair, pulling hard, and he got on his knees to aid with both angle and pace. You were going to be so sore the next day. Beyond anything you could fathom right there and then. Nothing else mattered in that moment, but feeling him. Abruptly, he was removing himself off of you and turning your torso on your stomach, posing you on your hands and knees like you were a featherweight doll, blood-stained cock circling your abused entrance, the cleft of your ass covered in tinted slick like the no-longer virgin white towel you'd steal tomorrow morning currently underneath you. That godly, hand carved giant kept rubbing the head of his dick on your lips, gingerly, barely there, getting you wetter and wetter. "Haaah, you are such a tease, Ren... C'mon! " You tried to snap your hips to his, large paws controlling them, keeping you at bay. "And you're not? Parading naked... With those eyes... In your sleep, knee pulled up, accentuating the roundness of that ass..." A deeply rooted growl filled his throat as he crushed your buttcheeks with his fingers, reentering and filling your cunt beyond measure. " OH! " Every word emphasized with a vicious thrust. " MY! " The oxygen in your lungs forced out with every move. " GOD! " Hitting so profoundly your whole uterus shifted. This man would kill you. And you were terrified. And you loved it. You cried with excruciating exhilaration. Ugly cried. Kylo stuffed his load in you, unyielding, some of the viscous seed squirting out of your body as he kept impaling your pussy, the unmistakable lewd sound of air and moist trapped together in a taut channel joining the symphony of animalesque huffs and roars. Round one was finished. He sat by the tall rosewood headboard and pulled you back to him, a faint 'come here' leaving his lips as he made you straddle him. "No... Keep it inside..." He pushed his lasting erection into you upon seeing the mixture of fluids starting to spill from your used hole. His strong arms enveloped you, warm digits ghosting over your spine and shoulder blades, a small kiss to your temple. While your head rested on his right shoulder, your eyes traveled across the room, noticing his mobile, wallet and car keys atop the rickety, mismatched bedside table holding the hotel's phone and a beige pagoda lamp. You thought about how hideous was the English style, diamond-patterned polyester loveseat next to it. Also beige. That place was very beige. Kylo shifted his legs, bending them at the knees and bringing them closer to his own body, your butt slipping in between them to settle on the protective towel, unfolding your own lower limbs from beneath you, the gargantuan frame sagging along yours to preserve his flaccid member in the saturated sweltering sheath. All curled up, you laid your forehead on his chest, feeling the pressure of his cheek onto your scalp, his rib cage moving the both of you up and down. He checked his messages, cleared his emails, and you started drifting to sleep. The tiniest complacent smirk passed his lips when he noticed you clenching around his length. Leaning back, he made himself comfortable, soon joining in on the slumber. A couple of hours into the interlude you felt cramped, painful contractions blooming from your womb, the drowsy state in full-effect, unconscious hands pushing against the warm, solid thorax seeking support to move your body, Ren waking up to you somnolently attempting to switch positions, his strong paws keeping you in place, core tensing and hips inadvertently thrusting inside you, completely hard once again. That hurt. He clamped both arms around you and glided downwards to lay flat on the mattress, big Roman nose brushing on your neck, jaw and burying in the scent of your mane, your center rocking together with his. The two of you shifted languidly, him bucking up into you, you grinding down onto him, and it didn't take long till you were puffing raggedly on his nape, hazy whimpers against his skin. Scrubbing the sleep from your eyes, you hobbled to the bathroom, fluids dripping over your thighs, sluggish giant trailing behind with his soaked dick cupped in both hands, as you climbed into the tub and regulated the spray, him tagging along. You stared down at the crime scene - both covered in coral and peach splotches. Swapping from tap to shower, you crouched by the drain and peed, while he closed in and allowed the water to drench his soft, voluminous hair, trading place and function with you when you were done. Silently, you washed yourselves. In your peripheral, his hands lathered his anatomy, solid muscles shifting under skin with every rub, digits sinking in the moisture sleeked curls, blacker than ever, shinier than ever, massaging the fresh scents into himself. And you thought about how you wanted that. To receive that, to offer that. How you longed for his gentler touch. For at least a whole day and not the three minutes after sex that he seldom graced you with, not the slow wake-up sex - a full day. A full day of him not hurting you. Maybe even tell you you were pretty. Fuck these hormones. You broke and wept as the lukewarm water flushed all foolish famine and yearning down the drain, Kylo already dehumidified and walking to the window with the cloth draped around his waist, conscientiously gaping the curtains blocking the sunlight, eyes squinting. Resealing the real world entry, he faced the wide bed and the tainted cotton spread on it, reeling it in and folding it in half before placing it across the mattress again. Then he met you in the restroom once the shower was turned off, slipping the damp towel from his midriff onto your shoulders and tightening it and you in a hug. Your nose tickled his chest and, inhaling the sweet, clean honeycomb and coconut aromas, your head tipping back, upper arms feeling the heaviness, the intensity of his crushing embrace, you eyes raked the blithe simper visible on the otherwise stoic facet. A kiss. Which never came. He was breaking you in ways he never knew. But you had broken him in ways you weren't aware either. Fucking cretins. The remainder of the day was spent on your back, one whopping hand veiling your cunt, bringing you close to orgasm for a little over three hours, sublime torture. And you - enduring, complying, welcoming. The tolerance you both lacked in menial tasks and common feelings contrasted with the tenacity and steadfastness shown for sexuality. Perhaps you were obsessed with intercourse. Addicted to each other. And yourselves. Was clearer than water. And yet denied. Notes: #DatAss was all I could think when Ren spoke. Such shitty choice of words too. Careful with UTIs, kids. This leaving-penis-inside-vagina thing isn't smart at all especially if you're having intercourse without wearing a condom like these motherfuckers and/or if you're prone to UTIs. Be smart and safe. Pee after sex. Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 18 : Triteness Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Five hours and forty minutes after leaving your previous alcove, you were in Santa Fe in New Mexico, parking close to the museum campus and deliberating which building to visit. Assenting on the History galleries, you were curious to learn more about Agnes Martin, emotionally tortured abstract expressionist painter who was a recluse. How fitting! However, she did believe in happiness and favored the spiritual. Her watercolored works were marvelous but that exhibition was mainly about the artist herself, a collection of portraits showing the last years. Mentally, you added her name for further pursuit when you returned to the East Coast. After all, that was where her career took off. Leaving the premises on foot, the pair of you admired the Cathedral Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi, trying to capture a few neat shots of its exterior, the round Romanesque Revival arches and the great rose window above the main bronze door with event-illustrating panels, peeped inside but resolved against entering the nave. Sauntering for about two blocks, you decided to try an inviting little cafe transpiring enthusiastic engrossment with all its indigenous flair represented immediately by the pueblo-replicating architecture. That and the long line of customers awaiting to get in. There was a pleasant mixture of tourists and locals in the group - apparently that joint was a renowned one. The cheerful banter extended and ended up encompassing you and Talos, questions regarding possible previous attendances, your names, which Kylo had to repeat twice and earned a generic 'oh, that is exotic' simply because it sounded familiar yet wasn't, where you were from and if you were a couple, a tittered negative answer provided by you since you felt the need to be the one to answer. Almost as if to ensure Ren that, pfff , no, you didn't care, you didn't spend any time thinking about it, not like you loved the guy, what was the question again...? He considered you and, taking two steps back, sought the firmness of the restaurant's façade to lean against, lighting up a cigarette. He barely ever smoked but you had seen him do it more often during this trip than in the last three years combined. Three quarters of an hour were scratched and you were sat in the establishment's elongated centered communal table. That's where they preferred to accommodate singles and couples, reserving the four-seaters and higher for, well, groups of threes and more. Scanning the place, you noticed how it resembled an unpretentious gallery - there were decorated tiles besides various small paintings and sculptures adorning the walls and shelves of the cantina , some art even hanging from the ceiling along its humongous rustic chandeliers, while the mortals feasted upon the appetizing cuisine. Taking a carte , browsing eyes bounced from item to item, a short, feminine digit touching your menu as one of the outside acquaintances indicated the dish she was exulting just minutes ago, a half-forced, half-contained smile being offered to her along with a nod and an eyebrow lift, however continuing to evaluate your options. Ahead of you, the slouching titan in an Aegean-colored t-shirt too tight around his biceps fidgeted in the emerald painted wooden chair, fiddling with the straight barbell in his tongue and distractedly picking on his lower lip throughout the reading of the list. Sensing your sight on him, he landed the hooded, slanted eyes on your face, lowering his hand from his mouth while said lip was pulled inside and wetted, spending two blinks as he regarded you, the seasoned male in the tawny, center-dented cattleman hat next to him removing the accessory and saying Kylo looked as strong as an ox, asking about his height and profession, engaging in conversation. "Strong like an ox and hung like a horse..." You tried to curb the chortle wanting to become audible, selecting your food and glancing at the waitress, who then came to take your order with expressed friendliness. You tapped on your mate's hand to bring his attention to the lady so he could order as well. You couldn't precise when for you were both occupied with the chatty neighbors, however not too long after, your request of a quinoa burger with sautéed mushrooms, sweet potato and zucchini topped with tomato chutney, fried shallots and guacamole on a gluten-free bun and a side of kale was being placed ahead of you and his order of huevos motuleños with sautéed banana, green peas, roasted tomato-jalapeño salsa with a corn tortilla and black beans stood before the man. Both dishes were shared though, on top of a ginger, lemon, parsley, cilantro and kale with apple juice tall drink. Honestly, tasty food made you smile and even though the dining room was at its full capacity and there wasn't a single quiet soul there, you didn't regret the choice made. All the more, Ren himself didn't look overwhelmed nor too galled as he listened to the old man's exchanges about his business, farms and ranch on the Southern lands, introducing his oldest son who sat after him. A good hour later you were stuffed and bidding your farewells to the folks that powwowed with you, undergoing the troublesome sensation of weariness - you weren't getting a hotel until you reached Tennessee. "I'll drive the first five hours but you have to talk to me for a bit so I can get past the sleepiness, man." You had decided it was the least you could do after he paid for lunch. "About what?" You got in the vehicle, safety belt clicked in and set your mobile atop the console for the navigation lady to guide you. "I don't know... Where in Florida is that thing going to be?" "Fort Lauderdale. In a hotel." "Hm. One day?" "No...", Kylo fished his phone from his jean's front pocket, tapping and scrolling before continuing, "Three, maybe four days? You don't have to stay that long if you don't want to, but she's banking it... Might as well just fucking stay..." "She's paying for plane tickets and four days for all of you?" Your eyebrows raised, trying to watch the road past the sun's glare on the tar, right hand palming for your shades in the car's compartments. "If she wants all of us there, that's what she has to do: eight plane tickets and three rooms. And I don't give two shits, she can pay for first class. I'm not flying balled up in economy!" "But... I can pay for my own ticket... it's to Florida, not to the Maldives." He eyed you, which you did not see, but indeed felt him boring holes through you, bouncing off the rearview mirror, before the unfluctuating tone of his voice returned. "No. She's paying. If she wants me there, she pays for me and you. Not like she can't..." Your breath intake was deep and ragged. Having things paid for or at least not having to repay someone something was foreign to you. You even struggled with accepting gifts. And compliments! It provoked anxiety, as if you were doing something wrong by accepting whatever it was. So you remained quiet and the topic died out. Windows rolled down, Ren got as comfortable as possible in the back seat, closing his eyes and, following a fifteen minute mark, you returned to the I-40, driving all the way to a gas station in Groom, Texas. Stopped, stretched. Lifting the seat, you stroke the obsidian tendrils that obscured his features, fingertips tracing his eyebrows, that perfect bumpy nose and soft jawline. You gently dabbed the pad of your index over the slumberous pouty lips, smiling at the vision of tranquility and shrieking when he caught your finger in between his teeth, growling and seizing your wrist, pretending to break it and eat it. Your laughter filled the car. "Need you to drive now." The behemoth abandoned the interior of the car, spread his arms above his head standing on the tip of his toes and pulled his hair behind, tying it away from his face and heading to the bathroom prior to getting back on the road. Three hundred and forty-five miles after, Kylo was filling up the deposit in the dead of the night. You stirred and opened your eyes, observing the man fueling from behind the glass and the soporific shroud, not moving while he did it, hulking in his hoodie, a light fog all around, discernible against the tall street posts and their beaming lights engulfed by the midnight sky. Restoring the gas pumping hose to its rightful spot, the shivering Goliath leapt in place as an attempt to increase blood flow and body temperature. You finally dismounted the automobile and pulled out your mobile to read twelve seventeen in the morning and a text from your mother to which you briefly replied. Your turn to drive, he didn't nap this time, accompanying you in the front seat and trying to book a room somewhere past Nashville, Tennessee, from your phone, his battery dead. Five A.M. on the dot and you had transversed the entirety of the State of Arkansas with no pauses and were about to cross the Mississippi River to Memphis, where you most certainly needed to stop to appease the indignant stomachs and to attend your basic lady hygiene. Everything hurt. Pills were about to get popped in. You Yelped for appealing breakfast places, knowing fully well you would have to wait at least a couple of hours for anything to open, but jammed some research in, finding something that seemed to attend to your needs and whims, rode there and parked on the street, deserted due to the earliness, daystar spreading over the dark colors above like an infectious disease. Then you just relaxed, browsing their online menu and wishing for time to speed up. Fifty minutes to opening and you both left the car, deciding to take a stroll Downtown, seeing people arriving to their work locations, the streets gradually buzzing with flitting bodies, the daybreak losing its shyness and becoming bold. As bold as seven in the morning would allow anything to be. One minute after the schedule and you were standing in front of the coffee shop sporting the 'OPEN' sign, blinds still being rolled up by an employee, a blonde barista behind the counter as you stepped inside. The place was surprisingly big - countrified main counter, simple-lined chairs and tables, some booths, a tiny stage in front of their company's logo. The speakers played grassroots and glancing to their display, both you and the giant ordered food and coffee, taking a seat far from the windows, uncentered, also distant from the zone where lines would form - arithmetic, statistics, axioms and geometry all at use in less than a blink of an eye to decide where you should sit. When your breakfast was laid on the table, your tired brain could only think of how early it was for such beautiful dishes to be served. "..." Nonsensical and utterly inconsequential. So you delved into the crisp, healthy snack and washed your fatigued perceptions and souls with caffeine the equivalent of Shiva himself regenerating you enough to face the remaining four and a half hours to the sanctified lodging awaiting. You collapsed in bed, more than twelve hours the following day would be spent traveling back home. Notes: Food visuals: Quinoa burger , Huevos Motuleños - version mentioned and another version for you to see what's hiding underneath Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 19 : Asunder Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The last three hours had been spent in somber quietude. You haven't gotten a hotel for the last four States (in Tennessee, the largest, most squash and yam colored room you've ever seen in you life!), switching between the driver's seat and the back one, sleeping in shifts, eating junk off of pumping stations and roadside diners, brushing your teeth at truck stops, jerking off into tissues in the car. You both had two obscenely huge pieces of pie in a one State ago - yeah, the real deal - and you were waiting to get sick. Astonishingly, you never did... during the ride. Kylo parked in front of your place, turned off the engine. Silence. You wanted to go home, shower with no rush, throw your clothes in the washer, sleep in your own sheets and not see anyone or even sunlight for a really long time. You wanted to go home, but you didn't want to go home. So you didn't move. And neither did he. Whatever this trip had been, it would be over as soon as you stepped out of the car. And while you had that underlying sensation he was sick of spending time with you... well... you were enjoying what was left. His phone vibrated atop the dashboard and caused you to slightly shiver away from your numbness. He glanced at it, facing down, yet didn't pick it up. Your eyes danced and scoped around the illuminated street, head not shifting a single millimeter - for nothing, really, you just wanted time to stop. But it didn't. "I'll see you around..." He inhaled noisily right before spitting the words, not a question, not a statement. Something. With no emotion expressed on your face, your hands triggered the seat belt to be released, a low 'yeah' being thrown out while you exited the vehicle, taking three large steps and retrieving your luggage from the trunk, walking towards your building without looking back. His jaw tensed and his nostrils flared, two almost extinguished hazel lamps lowering to the hands on his lap, shifting to the old restored factory you lived in only after you disappeared behind the locked front door and lingering for four eye-blinks too long. Turning the key in the ignition, he smashed the gas pedal out of there and you only stopped inside your cave. You let the duffel drop as soon as you placed the keys in their usual nest, homey scent finally flooding your brain, getting yourself a glass of water and propping your back against the counter while you sipped, eyes lost wherever they were always, somewhere. Setting the cup down, you unpacked, undressed, started laundry and put your toiletries and makeup away, feet pattering on the smooth hardwood floor as you made way to the bathroom and opened the hot water faucet in the shower, pressurized water hitting the bottom of the tub. As you waited for it to warm up, you stood in front of the wide mirror, staring at the foreign face. You knew her, but you didn't know her. You had envisioned such different scenarios with different outcomes for your life. None of them came true. Some had, for a while. Then the rug would be pulled from underneath your feet, people and life jeering and pointing at you while they laughed. Loud . Sometimes you cried, sometimes you didn't. Your nose was burning inside and you could barely see your reflection from behind the blur, so you guessed this was one of the times you cried. Expressionless, no sound. You cried a lot, just not in front of people. Well, 'people'. You entered the shower and opened the cold faucet to regulate the temperature, not knowing if tears fell down your neck for you were drenched by then. You used a different scent of shampoo, different scent of soap, you didn't shave. Your every move was monotonous and automated. Even when you headed back to the kitchen, finished your water and opened your pantry to see what you had to eat. You closed your eyes, breathing in... and out... and in... and out. Your womb was hurting, like it was out of place, pushed up, a muscle in your right thigh kept spasming incessantly. You re-opened your eyes, walked to the window, breath fogging your sight of lights, doing it once again but this time on purpose and watching it slowly clear away. Nothing lasts. You rolled down the massive blinds on all of the huge industrial windows, turned off the main lamps and sat on your bed, looking at the laptop and thinking how you should transcribe all the files on your phone to it - you preferred retyping everything, many times it would spark a missing piece of a chapter out of the blue. But overruled it. Besides, you didn't want to touch your phone. Your gaze fell on books, but you couldn't focus. On empty, faded apple red brick walls. Following day would be Saturday, the week and a half trip extended a bit beyond the set plan. It was eleven forty-five. Maybe it was time to get the hammock you had always envisioned going in between the columns across from the kitchen table. Should probably call your mom. You wouldn't, you didn't want to talk about anything, with anyone. You continued to try to occupy your mind with trivialities. Until you ran out of shallow ideas and both the neighbors and the people in the street produced no thought-inducing noise. Then it was just you and yourself, what you simultaneously craved and feared, the painful duality. You laid down and flicked one switch off and another one on. Regular lights out, magical lights in. Stretching both arms up, separated fingers waved in front of the pale yellow twinkling bulbs above your bed, turning the lonely studio into an enchanted forest or starry sky. Still lonely, however prettier. "Pretty, lonely things. Pretty, lonely people. Pretty lonely." Kylo drove past his area. Just kept going: restaurants, coffee shops closed for the day, convenience stores, twenty-four-hour fast food joints, twenty-four-hour coffee places, massages, grocery stores, galleries, bars, prostitutes, clubs. He drove aimlessly at the speed of a medical emergency, turned left twice, stopped at a red light, then took a right and parked. People strolled to and from a music-spilling, laughter-filled building half a block further ahead. He finally picked his phone, ignored the newsletter mails and two texts, then looked down beside him to the passenger's seat, blinked. Opening a compartment in the middle console, he pulled a couple of rubbers and pocketed them, getting out of his car and opening the trunk, pulling a fresher t-shirt from his bag and switching the one he wore, a group of four girls and two dudes behind him, observing, one of the chicks cat-calling him, her voice traveling along the road in the nighttime, the tall man looking over his shoulder after locking the automobile. His feet took him in the direction of the party - an ample room cornered by some very gauche sculptures, in size, color and what they portrayed, or what they were supposed to, as it was abstract, some paintings on the walls equally as exuberant and outlandish, way more explicit, a VeeJay worked as an impromptu EmCee and to the deeper left, a bartender. Kylo approached and ordered a drink. Not his drink - something completely different from what he wanted. The music was annoying. The people were too many, trying too hard. There were stares and leers and smiles and gestures and eyerolls. He did the complete opposite of what he wanted. For almost two weeks you smelled of him and he smelled of you. You looked down from your ceiling and curled on your side. He didn't sleep at home. Notes: Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 20 : Transmutation Notes: TW: very light stalker-ish Ren TW: self-injury (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) His muscles were aching. And he was cold. Kylo sat up, slipping from underneath the lifeless limb across his stomach. He looked around. The sun had to yet come up and the bed he was on was so... not... his... There were dreadlocks attached to one of the bodies' heads. The other one had a long quote tattooed in script on the rib cage and bows on the back of thighs. He remembered. And he could almost bet they would have infinity symbols either behind their ears or on the inside of their fingers. Didn't feel like himself, he thought. He felt like he was going to be sick and he really, really didn't want to make any noise that could wake them up. His jaw tensed and he kept swallowing the bile down, only rising when his eyes were used to the settled darkness and picking up what he thought were his clothes from the carpeted ground, throwing jeans and t-shirt on, walking across the room into a corridor and passing by a kitchen to the left and what he imagined to be a living room to the right. There were other doors cracked open behind, but carrying his shoes with his socks inside and balling up his underwear in his hand, he exited the apartment and never looked back to count the exact number of legs he was leaving. He still felt nauseated, wasn't much of a drinker, refused to be. But the previous night he had been, had been a lot of things. Shoes on, he looked around, situated himself, then walked to the car. Thirty-eight minutes later he was parking in his spot. An elevator ride after and he finally closed the door to that night. Lazily unpacking his bag, all clothes went in the washer, including the ones he just wore, sneakers and boots left by the laundry area - he would take care of them the next day. Carried the smaller bag with his toiletries into the bathroom, stored them, took a piss, then headed to the kitchen. Filled a cup with water, six oh three on the fridge's digital clock, and nursed it while falling on the couch and pulling his phone to him, ignoring the persistent emails, the two missed calls from his mom, one text from Ben, one not from family and checked his pictures. The last one had been from a mural in Jersey, on the way to the bakery. Colors depicting people of different races surrounded by a cartoonish heart. Before that was Edgar Allan Poe's House and Museum in Baltimore, a picture of the open road somewhere in Virginia when the sun had come up, taken from the backseat, catching one of your hands on the wheel, right shoulder and hair. A truck stop along the I-81 North before leaving Tennessee had been the previous one, where you both sat in the backseat, had a fatty breakfast and talked about trips you had taken and others you wanted to go on, then a video of his own huge paw covered in your blood, fingers moving, glistening, tiny moisture threads connecting them, breaking when shifting, a photo of... nothing he could see, was too dark, but the very muted lines in it caused his eyes to close and remember how it felt to be awake in the darkness of the hotel while you drooled all over his dick. You gave such good head... He sipped on the water, swiping left, next an image of you sleeping peacefully, naked. It took him such a long time to move the sheets away without waking you from your light sleep, but with the faint warm light of the sunset piercing through the curtains in the back, he couldn't resist - on your side, almost laying on your stomach, your left hand by your mouth, the opposite arm forgotten behind you, away from the shot, your shoulder slightly slumped, defining your collar bones, a twisted wave from shoulder to feet, one thigh concealing your heat, left breast half covered by your folded arm. Swiped again, passed an image of the coffee shop in Memphis and another one of the sun coming up by the Mississippi. He went back and searched among the early pictures of the trip and opened one of them where you, aware of the camera, hand on your chin, gave him a side look in a diner while waiting for your order. He put the cell down ahead of him on the coffee table, head falling back onto the comfortable sofa. He spent a minute there, listening to the sound of the washing machine working, eyes closed, teeth picking on the dry skin of his lips. Forcing himself to get up, he took another swig of water before the glass went flying through the air, smashing right between the counter top and the backsplash, shattering in a million pieces of crystal clear tortuous awareness. The snarl was uncontrollable, his muscle spasming, nude frame starting to shake, closed fists finding his skull and descending on it, hard, once, twice, thrice, roars spilling through locked jaw, knees hitting the hard floor, torso curling over itself, digits pulling on the long, ebony curls, face burying into the cushiony seat. Sobs. Notes: -fist pump of the head-hitters- <3 Any HCs related to his physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 21 : Awry - Part I Summary: Another man shows up. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Been four weeks since the trip. Since you last saw and heard of Kylo. And even though you were a bit hurt, you didn't even exactly know why but you were, and tried not to spend too many moments thinking about him, truth was he occupied the very first thoughts in your mind when you woke up. Then the constant battles throughout the day with your will to text him, to call him and merely go back to the same... but he wasn't contacting you either. That was hurting more than it should, this time. You walked to the massive industrial windows and observed the people in the street: a tall guy in a crocodile-green parka going into the old, zesty-grass-vanillin-reeking comic book store across the street; an elderly couple sitting by the large window almost fully covered with vibrant menu-like posters in the Senegalese restaurant two doors from the comic shop; a little boy, perhaps three, walking besides his mother while half-dragging a large, blueish puppy plushie, babbling upwards to her, his unoccupied chubby, dinky hand lifted at his side as if bracing against her pant leg. You smiled and peeled yourself off of the vast aperture, firing up the laptop on the dining area and playing music, considering what to munch on while getting some work done. The mid-afternoon sun glaring through your studio started to cook your brain, feet hooked under the kitchen side chair you were perched on, restless left leg. You fidgeted with about anything and everything around you and on you, from your hair to your sleeves and your mug, fists forming, teeth tonguing, scalp scratching, table tapping, hands reaching out to the mouse five thousand fucking times just to return and hover over the keyboard for nothing. Your attentiveness was gone, your essay halted. As you leaned back onto the backrest, the incremented breathing caught in the hindpart of your throat, eyes dispersing to a random point on the ceiling diagonally from you. "What if... I wennnt oooutsiiide?" Came out of you as a lost whisper, as if this consideration shouldn't be heard by your brain, otherwise it would label it as pernicious and cause you to go haywire. No bueno. Stretching off the hard wood seat, you pondered about returning to physical activity of any kind upon feeling far too many joints cracking and popping, plus that nagging, sharp pain on your lumbar region that came and went. Maybe you were simply rusty, maybe you needed to check up on your kidneys. Fan-tastic. Retracing your way back to the room, you grasped the phone from the bed, opened an old conversation and typed 'hey, what you doin?', pressed send. It was out there. You turned the sound on on your mobile and apathetically threw it on the bed again, going to use the restroom, thinking about what to wear if indeed you were leaving for the scary outdoors. It was getting really chilly, though sunny nonetheless. Good opportunity for you to wear that oversized bulky sweater you got last Winter - wasn't that cold yet, but you were starting to long for the season's clothes. As you were pulling it from the wenge dresser's drawer, an answer chimed in. Your eyes darted to the mobile sunk among discomposed sheets. There was much more anxiety than you'd care to admit. You opened two texts. "Hey i'm right around the block at the library screening sci-fi for kids" "What are you up to?" Taking a deep breath, your lips pressed on each other and, pulling them into your mouth, your thumbs replied for you. "Not much. Wanna grab coffee or something after you're done?" The question was acknowledged with another question in the following seconds. "Just you?" You stared at it for a moment, puzzled with the reflections in your head. "Yep, just me." The feedback was immediate. "I'll be ready in 20 25 minutes have to put stuff away after. Make it lunch i'll pick you up" "Okay, see ya then!" Your digits let go of the piece of technology they held, instantly being swallowed by the rumpled bedding. "Alright... So that's happening." You clapped your hands in an anticipative manner, hoping to spur action. It did. You changed out of your loose, soft lounging outfit to be overtaken by the voluminous cotton knit that partook in the imagery of your projected self for that afternoon, which included a pair of jeans, shoving your socked feet into your shoes, shaking your hair with your fingers in front of the ornated mirror. Shutting your computer down, you uncluttered the place, tried to make it look less... lazy, glasses and cups loaded into the dishwasher, trash bag closed. Gathering your scattered belongings, you silently debated between carrying a purse and solely taking phone and wallet in your tiny lady pockets. Why were pockets barely a thing anymore? You huffed in frustration at the world. Agitated, you paced around the studio, first inaudibly counting your steps, then out loud, before minutely inspecting the surroundings, if the dining surface was dirty, if the guest bathroom was presentable, straightening your duvet and making it as neat as possible. Scratching items and tasks off that persistent, crucial mental list. Like it mattered. Regardless, it helped time pass and gave you a sense of control. Fictitious, however there. The door bell rang and for a split second you regretted everything, assumed a fight or flee state, rapidly finding yourself then stuck on the fact that it was indeed the front door and not the downstairs vestibule buzzer. Maybe it wasn't him. Whisking to the entrance you squinted briefly through the peephole, allowing your right hand to rest on the knob while the other undid both cold hardened steel security clasp and chain lock, uncharacteristically fastened. You gaped and sneaked a look past the entryway, slowly widening the breach. Oh. That's why you had thought of him. You did see him go in across the street earlier that morning. Same crocodile-green parka. And the widest, most familiar, misaligned teeth smile beamed down at you. "Heeeyyy! How are you? Been a while!" Notes: Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 22 : Awry - Part II Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His smile was infectious and instantly reciprocated, unable to control the actions of your facial muscles. He offered a side hug that dwarfed you and you felt the cold that had gathered like a thin film on his coat against your cheek. Parting, he asked if you were ready and, getting your keys while you palmed your pockets to make sure you had your phone and wallet on you, you nodded. Closing the door and leaving your refuge behind, you felt a breeze and smells that weren't there four weeks ago. Seasons had changed but only now were the temperatures catching up. The lengthy legs beside you took only one step for every one-and-a-half, sometimes two of yours. "Day off?" "Yeah, been promoted at work and my schedule cleared up a little. Now I have time for side projects and hobbies. And lunch with friends." A lopsided grin appeared on the man's full rosy lips as he nudged you with his elbow, hands shoved in his parka's deep pockets, a cutting gust hardly messing the already tousled, decolorized short curls atop his head. "Congratulations! You deserve more free time." Circumstantial conversation was made while you strolled a block and a half to one of the Vietnamese spots you often ordered food from. Luckily, lunch rush was bygone and only three tables had customers, so you could hide in a corner booth, your companion stripping his jacket and dropping his bag on the rounded angle between you. Orders were placed and waters were sipped on as you waited for the food. "So, how have you been, Matt?" Thumbs snagging on the grown stripe on your nail bed, separating clean and painted surface, the ridge of displaced polish offering you some kind of grounding effect. His own digits snaked under the lenses of his glasses, pressing on the bridge of his nose, rubbing the right eye before repositioning the wiry frame. "Uhh, been good. Started this small thing over at the library to introduce children to sci-fi and possibly trigger a science interest. It's just movies and cartoons... but..." "... But it's never just movies and cartoons." "Exactly. So that was finally approved and in a fantastic timing with this schedule-opening promotion... Been spending some of my weekends with Ben's kids, they've grown so much, they're so awes-how long haven't you seen them for? Like two years?" "Hmm, maybe more..." "Aw, man! They don't stop! Here." Matt rapidly scrolled through the photos on his phone and gave you the device for you to see how the twins were. "Keep swiping right. The girl is such a rascal, active, little rambunctious troublemaker. Completely fearless! The boy is an exact copy of Kylo as a kid: shy, very observant, sweet and loving." "Ren was a sweet kid. That's almost funny." You mused to yourself, having looked through at least two dozens of pictures featuring both long-dark-haired children performing various activities, in a park, at the pool, at what you assumed was Ben's house, alone, accompanied by diverse family members, then returning his cell to the rightful owner. "You know, like he can sense how you're feeling." Both nodded and a deafening silence fell over your table, only to be momentarily broken by the incoming of your dishes, tight-lipped simpers offered along with pleasant thanks. You and the tall man stared at the food, the soul-warming aromas invading your nostrils, in the background a young couple with a very excited toddler spoke joyfully with the owners who popped out from the kitchen. Matt lifted his eyes to you. "Why did you stop answering my texts?" On your lips a sad smile formed, a warm, noisy, unleveled exhale through your nose, before you could admit to the truth. "I ran out of excuses not to go out." He remained quiet, hopefully compelling more out of you. Which he succeeded in doing. "It's hard for me to get out much. And I stopped talking to everyone." "Not everyone." Right. Your eyes fluctuated about the room, scoping faces, details, all blurring. "Yeeaaah, not everyone... But with your brother being so unpredictable... I-I just thought it was easier for me to stay in... and..." "Did he forbid you from talking to people?" "That's outrageous!" A scowl took over your appearance, eyes shooting to the blonde ahead of you, no expression on his semblance whatsoever, looking so much like Kylo at that moment. "It's not like that, I'm... worse..." That last word being declared for the first time, out loud, yet still as a murmur. "So I decided to fall back and not bother anyone. You're an amazingly sweet guy, Matt, and you don't deserve any shit." "Okay, thanks, but don't I get a saying in this?" You gazed, perplexed as he continued, leaning over the table, whispering, flustered. "Don't I get to agree or disagree with you ending our relationship? Friendship." Your vision lowered to the plates ahead of you. You couldn't think of anything to say that wouldn't cause some sort of scene in the restaurant, your chest rising and falling through your muteness. Matt leaned back on his seat, the sad orbs behind the outdated spectacles traveling from your face to the bowl in front of him to your face again, his hands forming loose fists on top of the smooth surface. His jaw tensed, lips pressed hard. "Does he hurt you?" Maybe your lack of reaction prolonged far beyond your original intention, a chill washed down your torso, your lowered eyes only setting on his profile after your meek answer, lip twitching. "No." Adding to his countenance, his nostrils flared, head nodded, didn't follow up on it. Scrutinizing his incredibly familiar features - the long nose, the soft jawline, the hooded brown eyes, you started focusing on the discrepancies - the bleached hair, the less amount of beauty marks and freckles, the fact his ears were indeed symmetrical, the only visible scars from long-gone teen acne. "I saw you earlier in the morning. Getting into the comic book store? I mean, I only caught a glimpse, didn't know it was you... perhaps my subconscious knew... What did you get?" The expression on him did not budge, teeth chewing on his lips, slanted heterochromic ponds of liquefied scorching browns still cast down on the cooling dishes. Silent. "Matty, please. Please..." You were desperate for any semblance of normality at that instant, you needed his friendship, you had to have a carefree, pleasant conversation, right that moment. And thankfully, he conceded. He told you about the new series of comics about to hit the stands, the different mangas he had found and got interested in since you last spoke, plus showed you that morning's Blu-ray purchases while the pair of you at last devoured the delicious lunch prepared by the Triệus. The middle triplet insisted in covering for the meal and you exited the building. "Do you want to come over? For dessert?" "Uhhh..." Matt's nose and cheeks tinged pink, mouth split, dumbfoundly regarding you. "Cake. Or ice cream. Whatever you want." He shambled towards you, who were starting to justify yourself. "Can you keep me company? I don't... want you to go yet..." The towering male held you in a reassuring embrace, planting a kiss on your scalp along a muffled 'okay'. He took you by the hand, picking up a whole loaf of chocolate zucchini bread on the way to your apartment. Afternoon turned into night, Akira turned into Let The Right One In , laughter and tears and shivers. Thoroughly chocolate wasted. Notes: Visual: Gluten-free Chocolate Zucchini Bread Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 23 : Rapprochement Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Was it Sunday? Thursday, class... 19th was Saturday... He had it right. Lately it felt like he was losing track of time easily... Exhaustion. Pushing your body and never getting proper shut-eye had its things. But those former two weeks his system seemed to be overcompensating - no rest during the week, then collapsing into a coma for the weekend. And never waking up fresh. That part however wasn't new. The fallen giant dragged himself out of bed, trudging path to the morning leak, no need to turn the bathroom lights on with all the disgusting, hurtful sun rays reflecting on the sink mirror and bouncing off the shower glass, only to create a luminous environment he wished he didn't have to face yet, but social time measurement told him it was almost three P.M. which meant the morning leak was an afternoon one and he had slept twenty-two hours out of forty-eight. Not straight, but he had slept close to a whole day. Quite different when your usual is to sleep that same amount in a full week. Returning to his chamber, he stretched his long muscled limbs and back, rolling his neck in every direction, feet at shoulders' width, proceeding to also roll wrists, elbows, shoulders, legs at the groin and ankles, fingers forming fists then releasing, hips gyrating, followed by torso. Spreading his stance further, he leaned his whole body weight to the left, bending that same knee, stretching the opposite and sitting on his calf, repeating with the right one. Two sets of dips, two sets of sit ups, two sets of push ups. To bring the adrenaline in. Throwing on a tank and pajama pants, Kylo willfully trod to the kitchen, not quite hungry but decided to get nourishment, while drowning in water and hot tea. Compulsive fingers combed through his hair - felt greasy, digits obnoxiously tangling in the nest of knots under the surface caused by one too many turbulent nights, haunted by what was, what will be and what could be. So many of them symbolic, so little uncovered. Setting the kettle over heat, he peeled two carrots and wandered about his living room gnawing on them, stopping at the openings to the outside, evaluating the chill diffusing through the city, seeing people like little leaf beetles, clad in cozy clouded colors, meager troops roaming across sidewalks, roads, spilling from subway entries. The kettle screamed for attention, Kylo snapping out of abstraction and pouring the scorching water over the dandelion leaves and blossoms in his mug, swirling a glob of honey stuck to his spoon once the remnants of greenery were strained. Carrying the fuming cup while still eroding the orange roots, he leaned against the solid wood door frame separating hallway from the small studio where he painted, one foot lazily crossed over the other, the air static. It had been more than a couple of months since he last did any progress on canvases, two started paintings covered in ratty, stained sheets on the floor. The strong arm lifted the infusion to his mouth, but he simply inhaled the steamy sweet scent. Genuinely out of vice, for he did not like the way it smelled. Scrunched nose and eyebrows as he set the mug onto the flat surface of an accent table and thought how he ought to start mixing lemongrass, or anything really, to make it less off-putting. He walked to the built-in closet packed with art supplies, a one hundred pound heavy bag, mitts and pads, a fifteen pound weighted vest and the paintings he did not want you to find - an undeveloped 16"x20" portrait and a complete full bodied 30"x40" of you, naked on his bed. Pulling them out, he set the paintings on the floor, propped against the wall and sat cross-legged in front of them. The artwork depicting your visage, hair flowing, eyes bright, had been started with a photo reference from three, four years ago, when the pair of you had been walking in a park early in the morning and then sat on a chipped peacock-blue bench to chew on a serving of warm churros Lino, a transplanted Luso-American from New Bedford, had quickly fried and generously sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. He had captured the exact moment a light breeze made itself noted, tendrils of hair swirling around your cheeks, eyebrows frowned. The latter composition was an authentic test to memory, creativity and geometry. He had obsessively spent a year in the hyper realistic piece, where your body was manipulated to be in an angle he had never seen it in yet, not from the perspective used. Kylo was consumed with getting the texture of your skin perfect. The direction of your eyelashes. The ethereal glistening film on your fingers. He wished he could touch you through the tightly spread cotton of the painting. Wished he could see you there, warm frame, worshipful frailty, wholehearted fearlessness. Wished he could have you whenever he wanted, whenever he needed. And he needed you often. And he needed you now. Swallowing the last of his food, he leaned back on his palms, neck rolling and eyes closing, thinking about texting you, calling you, anything! If he could hear your voice, it would be perfect. Perhaps he should go to your place, deal with whatever it was you both had to deal face to face. Boosting from his rear and skittering into action, he picked up his mug and, emphatically gulping half of its content, let his lower limbs govern, taking him back to the bedroom and sitting on the mattress after grabbing his phone off the sleek-lined bedside table. Kylo stared at it, not sure how to start. Left thumb scrolled up, reviewing the latest texts between the two. "Come over" , he sent. He didn't know what else to say. Didn't know if he should apologize, if he should mention anything regarding the last time you saw each other - past nine weeks ago, when he dropped you home upon returning from that exceptional roadtrip in September. All at once, he was robbed of the desideratum of reflection. "Can I call?" Stumped for a quarter of a minute, the titan yield to your will and called you himself instead of adding one more step to that seesaw, regretting taking that action when you took a while to answer. He imagined your anxiety had risen, having misappropriated of your intent action. Suddenly he wasn't so confident anymore. "Hello?" The pressure on his lips alleviated and he mouthed it before saying it aloud, "hey." A long reticence followed, utter absence of noise. It wasn't uncomfortable, it just hurt. He heard a deep whiff from your end of the line, priming words. "How have you been?" "Okay, busy with work." The man gave half lies. "You?" "Same. Been writing a lot, found an ending for this book." He didn't doubt a single word, yet offered nothing but his acknowledging grunt. "You're still teaching in the same schedule?" "Umm, partially. I signed up for a tournament in Japan earlier in the year and am all the way down to the half-finals. Looking forward to that trip." Sounded cocky, but you knew his skills, knew how much he trained and practiced, no skepticism there. If he believed he would be the American to compete abroad, then indeed he would go on that tour. "Congratulations. Will it be in February? Think I remember you telling me something like that months ago..." "Yes, second weekend of February." Rising to his feet, Ren paced to the kitchen, finishing his tea and placing the mug in the sink. "Uh, can you come over?" "No," You left him hanging, squirming in his mind, considering that he had, in fact, fucked everything up. He deserved it. Then you added, "however... if you want to come here, you can. I'm cooking dinner." How nurturing. "Need anything?" "No, just get here. Take the train, there's no parking today." "Alright, see you in forty-five." "Bye." As soon as he was sure you had hung up, he changed into warmer clothes, throwing the latest book he was reading into his backpack - Frank O'Hara's Meditation in an Emergency , plucking his alienating headphones from the same nightstand and turning off all lights before venturing out to the biting cold. Seven minutes later than the blurted out timetable, the treetop of a man was entering your loft very quietly, your eyes following all his steps as you tossed the vegetables in the wok, standing not even eight feet from your door, very soft blues played in the background, barely audible over the sibilating sound. "Hey." He launched your way, a hint of embarrassment on his face, maybe shame. "Hi." Your vision busied itself between the pan and his movements, keys with yours, bag dropped on the floor next to the Prussian blue couch, Dior Homme biker boots by the entry, huge cedar-colored parka peeled off, virtually no difference made to a monstrous-sized man's structure. You added pinch of salt and another one of garlic powder and continued stirring. Releasing the pitch-black locks from his garnet beanie, Kylo folded it in the center and set it atop your console, giving a glance to the mirror and deciding to tie half of his hair back, walking towards you as he accomplished it. "Need help?" "Sure, you can make the dressing, peanut sesame." You replied, dumping the cooked peppers, mushrooms and edamame to a large bowl and greasing up the skillet, taking a fistful of shirataki noodles and hearing them hiss in the heat. Rolling up his sleeves, he took a spoonful of peanut butter and shoved it in his mouth, letting the smooth paste melt, chewing on the crunchy bits while searching for the red chili paste. Bending, you reached for a small vessel he could use, the man gathering and lining the required ingredients up on the counter to your right, eyeing up the measures of water, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil and honey, prior to including the peanut butter, the chili paste and... "Where do you have the sesame seeds?" Your head shot to the task on his hands, "I don't have any. Do you mind? You got the peanut chunks for texture..." "I don't care." He shrugged, peering down at the thin tubes you warmed up. Using a spoon, he combined the pastes and whisked the rest energetically, making it as fluid as he could, food and dressing coming together as you served two bountiful plates, him moving them to the dinner table, you behind, carrying two glasses and a jug filled with water. Once the table was set, you both took your spots, the melody coming from your laptop now more discernible, still soft enough not to bother, loud enough to create a relaxing environment. The hooded mix of browns lifted to your countenance, admiring it. "Thank you." "You're welcome." A quick delicate simper offered. Kylo inhaled deeply and slowly, his arm crossing the wooden surface, the large grip uncoiling, exposed, expectant, and you, befuddled, borderline incredulous with the action, boring down at the lengthy, capable digits and the vast palm and its latent potential, lurking fortune. Five seconds with the semblance of two lifetimes. Too long to be apart. You slid your much smaller hand from the side of your plate to top his, a glint of marvel dilating his sight, as if he didn't predict your response. His fingers folded on yours, sealing, fusing you together. Purely, you looked at one another. Notes: Look at me practically giving recipes in chapters. Dem visuals: Ren's boots: here ...should probably search for the other visuals, and might later, but I just cooked lunch and it's getting cold. :P Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 24 : Veneration Notes: TW: abuse of Italics. TW: overload of anatomic terms. Ha. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You entered Kylo's building, nodding to the porter as he spoke with a middle-aged couple, scribbled your signature on his sheet and waited for the elevator to part its opening, allowing you entry into its belly, dragging you to the heavens. Once past the solid single shaker paneled walnut door, you stripped out of your jacket and took off your boots. Then you listened - the homeowner's washer working and the faint, harmonious rainfall of his shower. For a moment you debated sitting on the couch or meeting him in the bathroom, deciding for the latter, adding thumps to your purposeful steps, lest he be startled. Pushing the already open aperture with the base of your digits, your eyes set on the enormous exposed male behind the tempered glass. He remained abstracted from your presence only a couple of minutes more, having turned slightly and catching the glimpse of your mass in the mirror, head shifting towards the entrance, while his fists lowered from soaping his shoulder blades. "Come here." "I showered already." "You think it's wise of you to tell me 'no'?" A cold shiver descended your back, suddenly all braveness evading you as his chin dipped, glaring. Watching you, he took how tiny you looked, the architecture of sturdy muscles shuddering to the thought of punishing you. He seemed... larger. Was he getting bigger...? Unwavering, he waited. Expeditious hands worked to shed woolen and fleecy layers after layers of fabric, the marginally slanted halcyon orbs pinpointing you through the fine mist fogging the room as the warm spray poured and trickled down his physique. Abandoning the dark pile of fibers at your feet, you insinuated through the soda-lime-silica and marble cage, the giant taking two meager steps backwards, providing enough space for you under the temperate heavy drops. He didn't move, perusing the dampness of your hair, relaxing in its form. With a slight lean of his head, Kylo observed your face, your body, how the colorless trails drawn by the water glimmered, your eyebrows furrowed, eyelids blinking droplets off your eyelashes, like his. Your arm fluctuated forward, faltering and freezing mid action. He teetered from one leg to the other, before closing the short distance between the two of you, obliging your hand to rest against his stomach, calmly outlining each rectus abdominis and tracking upwards, following the velvety path amidst his pectorals. Always so much to take in - statuesque muscles, silky skin, gorgeous beauty marks, glorious scars, splendid tattoos. He was stunning. And you could not understand why he allowed you to be so close. You brought your other hand up, both feeling the expanse of his pronounced collar bone, caressing and rubbing down his deltoids, triceps, biceps, the dragon, waves, the peonies and hibiscus of his gobu and the phoenix, tiger, the lotus throughout, with the snake of his nagasode , pausing at his elbows, your thumbs firmly pressing on their inside, a deep intake of oxygen expanding the burly flesh of his chest, while his own paws held on to the back of your arms, your feet fitting between his as your frames got in contact. Eyes almost shut, the titan gazed down at you, arm encircling your waist, thick fingers combing through your soaked locks. Soft lips laid on his sternum, the pulsating blaze thrumming across them, one languished kiss branded on it. Floating from his grasp, you reached for the fragrant wash, squeezing some of the cool, buttery, coconut-hued gel onto your open palm. "May I?" He said nothing, slowly turning his back to you, frothy extremities lathering over his trapezius and lowering along his torso, watching his built move and roll under the pads of your digits. He was, indeed, bulking up even more. And a tremor rattled your bones to the thought of him subduing you, marring you. Yet you entrusted him with yourself, depended on your Master. Pushing the heel of your palm, you exhorted all tension out of his body, from top of shoulders to thighs, repeating the gesture until he shifted to face you, capturing your wrists in his grip and setting them atop his chest. He didn't release them immediately, sensing your blood running and throbbing on his thumbs, while you felt the same against the fortune of your hands. Gliding his fists across your forearms, he authorized you to proceed. You worshiped his anatomy with your fingers, worshiped his spirit with yours. Kylo squeezed the water off your mane and blotted an incredibly soft, eggplant-colored bamboo towel on your skin, patiently crouching to leave you thoroughly dry, then briskly using the same cloth to wipe what hadn't aired out already. Picking up your clothes, you followed the Herculean man to the bedroom, quietly folding your outfit and letting it rest on one of the coal-tinted, linen club chairs by the wall perpendicular to the door leading to the washroom. He sat at the bottom edge of the mattress, elbows over knees, observing you. You marched to him, magnetized, unweaving the tangles in his wet curls once you arrived at your spot between his firm thighs, his chin planted on your womb, tranquil puddles of deliquesced scoria overran by Caloplaca marina , like the minerals brought to the shore by the sea, ugly denominations for beautiful things, on you. Behind your legs, the tips of his fingers had started to lightly run up and down on them, short forehead leaning opposite you, long nose nuzzling. Soon after, he fondled your buttcheeks, clutching them, swiping his digits along your crevices, when he scanned your features once more. "I'm going to hurt you..." You tilted forward, cupping his temples and kissing the center of his forehead, before he stood up and led you to the unoccupied accent chair, holding your small hand in his massive one while helping you kneel on the seat. Upper limbs propped atop the recliner, you doubled down, rear brought up. Ren's fingertips ghosted on your spine, groping the roundness of your flesh. "Please, count out loud." His own voice barely above a whisper, raspy, low. "Yes, Master Ren." You blinked and his hand left you, his enormous frame a mere shadow in your peripheral, lurking behind. Anticipation. Quivering, your eyes closed seeking calm, the grip on the back of the chair becoming looser. He hit you. Open paw, smacked the meatiest part of your curve, to your left. You counted. Always adding his respectful and earned title. Then the second slap. The third, harder. The fourth impact had your skin tingling. By the fifth, it was on fire, his palm now resting on it after each blow. From the sixth to the tenth, the force increased and the intervals were shorter. Your enamored, punishing Hades, resembling Tartarus, both deity and place, pressed his voluptuous lips to your burning scarlet epidermis prior to switching sides and spanking you with ten more blows, equally increased strength applied to them. Your cutis was turning a shade of berry, bruised. In the end, another kiss, this time on the right cheek, prizes for your quietness, your consideration and your resilience. "Come." His arms stretched outwards to you, his own palms hot, red. Embracing you, Kylo installed himself on the seating you were previously on with you straddling his lap. A whine came forth from the back of your throat when your butt touched his thighs, healing strokes and doting nudges following. "Look at me." You obeyed, glassy orbs on his. "You can cry." He snuggled you, laying pecks all over your face, unhindered tears spewing, no whimpers accompanying them. Rugged members held you tightly, thumbs grazing your ribs, your nails delicately scratching the stiff, short hairs on his jaw. Time was suspended, moisture evaporating from your tresses, breaths synchronizing. Elevating your body, you indulged the erection reposing in the nest of your figures, consenting for it to infiltrate your searing, sopping soul through the flesh. You stopped breathing, tired soul windows closing. Then an airy sigh, forearms braced upon Gargantua's vast chest, who inspected you, those awe-inspiring eyes alone causing your skin to tighten, more shivers, more pleasure. Steered by him, your hips began vacillating, walls clamping around his shaft whenever the top of your slit connected with his pubis, driving you to push forward and downward onto him, harder, delighting in the snag of your hood, Kylo steadying himself against the seat and letting you ride him. Spreading your arms apart over his thorax so he could see your cunt, the man watched you lean back, taking hold of his knees and move up and down along his dick, impaled, thrilling sight. But he pulled you to him, close. "Use me." His black locks mixing with yours, sweltering exhale on your right ear. Your vision scoured his traits, flanks tensing back into movement. "Will you help me?" He shook his head. "I wanna watch you." The simple wish would be conceded as you cupped your breasts and teased them, increasing the beat at which your hips snaked. Having him inside of you, even if stationarily stowed, filling you to the brim, worked wonders. The submissive giant tensed his gluteus , biceps femoris and adductors , eager for action. Boosting the pressure in your abdomen, you rode him at a hasty pace, crushing the fullness of your tits in one hand, the other securing you onto him, your face twisted in a lascivious demeanor, convulsing as your orgasm hit, the sounds disgorged from you erupting into the air, filling his ears and feeding his eagerness. You twitched twice as you recovered, delicate touches given to your neck and shoulders. Your head rose to meet him. "My turn." The gentle smile nothing but a hoax. He hoisted you in his powerful arms like you were a piece of paper, falling in bed on top of you and tucking your legs outwards, knees joined at his front. And he pounded into you, piercing your insides, incarnating a mad man hunting his release, faltered gasps in a musical track of feverish agony, a fervor within he wished to infect you with, he had infected you with, from that very first day, four years ago. He had missed you. Notes: Stick with me and you'll learn anatomy, Latin and Japanese. :P Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 25 : Chagrin Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The mid December chill was cutting through the exposed skin of your face, beanie buried down to your eyes, thick knitted wool wrapped around your neck, preventing the icy blast from further chapping your lips, teeth compulsively already nipping on them. Your gloved hands were sheathed in the deep, warm pockets of the somber oversized collared mid-thigh cloak, your boots landing steady as you strode along the cold concrete of the sidewalk on your way to Union Square Park. You couldn't care less about the holidays, but you appreciated the fairs and markets that sprung all over the city. Approaching the frantic crowd crossing from and towards every direction, ascending from the subway stations like a surfeit of loathsome myriapods and hexapods and chelicerates overflowing from cadaveric cavities, your left paw encased the phone stored in your insulated down coat and pulling your thumbs off their casings you typed a quick text. "I'm here." Instinctively sagging your frown to your screen, you transversed Union Square West in direction to the park, the sun shining apprehensively through that Winter Wednesday, a reply vibrating in your palm. "Meet me at the statue." Locking your phone and pocketing it, you made your way through tourists and locals in a sped-up pace, still taking double the time it would normally take due to the pedestrian traffic. Surveying the area, you hurriedly began to put letters in front of letters, feeling the air surrounding you condense, an intangible weight over your shoulders, when a hot breath and a bass voice by your ear triggered intense shivers down your torso, simultaneously startling and whetting your every faculty. "Hey." The shriek that involuntarily spilled out your lips caused the nearest passersby to look your way, one hand immediately traveling to your mouth as you silently apologized in shame to whoever remained staring, a feeble punch hitting the front panel of his duffel coat, chest barely sensing any impact, as you glared up at the massive male. "I'm sorry. Here." That humored smirk - in his huge hands, two lidded dark green cups were offered to you, hoping you would take one. After a single second of hesitation, you chose the one to your right and smelled its contents through the narrow slit, the sweetened scent of hot chocolate spreading to comfort your senses. "You're forgiven." Neither of you said much during your outing. You both sauntered through the multitude of people visiting the market at lunch time, finding yourself collected, enjoying the random and trivial nature of the program he had invited you to. The festival was packed with booths of various types - food, home goods, toys, art, accessories, clothing, you name it. Stopping by a stand that sold terrariums in the form of jewelry, your sight focused on a clear resin ring with vibrant moss inside. Simple and pretty. At your back, Kylo was scrutinizing items exposed on an El-shaped surface from an eccentric booth targeting the scientific and literary communities, finding the perfect gag gift for you. He joined you after, resuming the stroll and pausing once again at another accessory stall, this one a luxury jewelry brand, his eyes scanning around before setting on a glass case. You looked at him, trailing the invisible path to what had attracted his attention. "Do you like those?" A thick, thermally gloved index raising and indicating three gold-plated black onyx pavè stacking rings and a thin cuff in the same design and materials. "Yeah, they're clean and elegant." He smirked, half-glancing down at you. "Excuse me," the mountainous guy expected the vendor to pay heed to him, "how much is the asking price?" Your breath slowly and imperceptibly caught as you inhaled, numbly observing him and barely registering when the graceful blonde double checked which pieces he referred to and informed of their cost. You griped his left sleeve, muttering his name. He apologized to the woman and turned to you. "What are you doing? Ren?" The most serene look painted his countenance, vision raking your features, brows knitting for a fraction before he parted his flushed lips. "You don't want them?" "Ren, the rings alone are three hundred and seventy-five dollars." "And the bracelet, four hundred and forty." "Right. So, are you hearing me? And yourself? What am I going to do with almost a grand worth of jewelry? Where am I going to wear a thousand bucks dangling from me? I don't go... pl-places!" "Yeah, you do." "Not those kind of places!" "Yeah, you do. In a couple of weeks you're going to that event with me." "Okay, but I don't need four hundred dollars on my wrist. Are you embarrassed in any way?" "Not at all." "Then please don't get me anything." "You really don't know how to accept gifts..." "Not those kind of gifts. Makes me feel... I don't know." Kylo eyed you. "You know that is not my intention." You decided to walk away from the booth, sipping on your balmy potion, doleful giant tracking behind, halting when you did so, appraising a stand where several ornate hair combs laid. You chatted with the two ladies about the materials they were made out of, hearing about the imported ones and the ones they made at their shop, questioning about prices at the end. They wrapped a couple of them, in patina and in bakelite, like precious treasures. You paid for them. An extra hour was spent roaming about the park, dodging rushing folks and arresting the pace when certain particularly compelling objects were sighted. Meanwhile dark clouds gathered above, your phones displaying a quarter to five, you crossed the street and sat inside a small restaurant where you both ordered small soups to help restore the feeling of blood flow in your limbs and salads with enough kale, beets, chickpeas and avocado to feed at least two more people. A light drizzle blessed every New Yorker who suddenly switched from their regular scurrying tempo to full-on jogging, drops thickening as time passed, the afternoon turning into dusk. You took the train back home, thirty-four minutes of sardine-packed composition ride, Kylo's shoulders slumped, protecting from the frosty sting of aqueous needles, both his wide strides and the precipitation instigating the celerity of your own steps, fingers curling around key chain to open the front door as quickly as possible. The heartbeat in your chest fluttered throughout your whole physique, puffs of hot air contrasting with the gelid feel of skin, groans of distaste as the both of you climbed the stairs to the third story you occupied. You opened the door and the giant promptly turned the heating on, dropping his boots by yours at the entrance, outerwear coming off next, being placed on the couch. You thought how you should probably acquire a coat rack. Perhaps wall hooks, wouldn't take that much space. But where to put them? You looked around. He watched you, entertained by your thought-absorbed gestures, the multitude of modulating miens broadcasted, his penetrating hazel eyes - candid earnestness within the autumnal bayou comprised in the crystal portholes always betraying the phlegmatic physiognomy portrayed. And you felt them, on you. And you stopped, allowed your mind to allay. Ren shuffled, nearing you, large hand gingerly ridding you of the acrylic beanie still on your head, smoothing over the hair with his free paw and tenderly tugging on your mane. Your own fingers stretched outwards to his watch cap, shoulders hunching to facilitate your task, settling on his knees ahead of you, gripping your waist while cool digits untangled the knots in the ebony tendrils. He closed his eyes, sighing. A minute after, he rose, heading for the bathroom, while you stood by the bed peeling off your garments, storing what could be stored and throwing socks and the t-shirt you wore underneath into the hamper, composing yourself with the lounging, derelict attire you always wore at home. Kylo exited the restroom and went through your drawers, looking for any of the clothes he habitually reserved for necessity. Analogously to the prolonged spans of time you spent without seeing him, there were occasions when he stayed at your place, for a night or five. As hard as the pursuit of black clothes amongst a horde of black clothes was, the colossal dude managed to detect shorts that were larger than the rest and a thin, heavy knit, long tank he threw on after shedding his clothing, slinging his own socks to join the rest in the laundry basket. Waiting for your laptop to spur back to life, you filled a large glass of water and sipped on it, walking to the spacious sofa where Ren had splayed himself, remote in hand, channel surfing, free extremity lifting towards you, soundlessly asking for a drink. You surrendered your cup to him. "Wanna watch something?" "Yeaaah, but I have a couple of messages to reply to first." "Have anything in mind?" He took a swig, eyebrows arched up, creasing his forehead. "Kinda wanted to watch It Happened One Night again? You can choose the second one." Perambulating to your usual working spot at the kitchen table, you plopped into the chair facing the computer with your left leg folded under yourself, inputting your password. Once the WiFi connection realized it was supposed to function, you opened your browser and your emails, cursory answers drawn and sent, newsletters blindly deleted, others saved for whenever you felt like checking them - would probably take you days to reconsider those. Ren had gotten up and scanned your movie library, taking the film you mentioned and fingering through the other classics, selecting one and inserting the first DVD in the player, returning to his seat, gulping the remaining of his water. Sitting on the far end of the couch, you fluffed the lipstick-to-brown gradient pillow with gold quatrefoil pattern at your back, glancing to the copy of An American in Paris which would be playing in about two hours and directing his lower left limb to your lap. He flinched at the tickling susceptibility, melting into you after. "Have you been to Paris?" Hard tips of digits from one hand sunk around his Achilles tendon, while the other nurtured the ligaments and muscles, soon his right foot lifting from the distressed Persian medallion area rug to join the massage. "I have. You?" "Mhm." Those would be stories for bedtime. Or some other day. He squeezed the 'play' button. Throughout the adventures of Ellie and Peter meeting on a bus, pretending to be a married couple in a motel while disdaining one another, sleeping on hay outside a barn and falling in love on their way to her wedding, you floated closer to Polyphemus, kneading up his calves, the extensive agglomeration of skulls in his dermis moving, his hooded lids half-closed in enjoyment. A happy ending. Then quietly: "I am not ashamed of you, nor do I want to embellish you when showing face to others." Your eyes widened, head turning in his direction. He was actually revisiting that conversation. You didn't even know how to continue. So you stared at him, rich caramel-mocha beacons fixed on the refurbished coffee table you got for fifty bucks in a sale three blocks down almost a year ago, zoned out in thought. Did he even realize he had spoken out loud? You could sense the pressure of your furrowed forehead but couldn't release. Finally he looked at you. "I was just trying to give you a present." Lips parted slowly before you pressed onwards. "But I can't accept presents like that..." "It's not just 'presents like that'. It's any present. Any thing. Why can't you accept anything?" "I don't know, it's wrong. I... can't have things given to me like that!" "Why not?" "I-I-" "We're fucking already, so it's not like you'd feel some sort of obligation to fuck me." "It's... guilt. Don't you feel awkward when someone gives you something? Or does something for you?" "People don't do nice things for me." The sentence was bitter in its simplicity and concision. "Except you. But you're not 'people', you're not them." "I don't do nice things for you either." "Yes, you do!" Kylo shimmied forward on the couch towards you, right foot returning to the ground, his left leg folded under his weight. "You cook for me, you talk to me, you le-" "This is about cooking? And talking? Really? Those are the 'nice things' I do for you?! Ren, you cook for me too and you talk to me too. According to that criteria, shouldn't we be even then?" "You fucking understand me!" He yelled in your face. "So do you!" With voices raised, you were both shaking, one side of your faces illuminated by the cool light emanating from your TV, the other warmer, dimmer, from the recessed wall lighting by the kitchen's sink. You could see his glistening eyes inspecting your features, your own mirroring, but he broke away, masseter protracting and protruding, head tilting down. "I saw the jewelry... and I just thought it would look nice on you. That was all." "It was a lot of money, Ren." He chuckled. "So you're telling me that if I got here tomorrow with plastic, kid-toy accessories and gave them to you, you would accept them without fighting me?" Staring at the ceiling, unfortunately you had to think about it. "Well... I'd still be feeling guilty because then you would've wasted money on plastic shit." "Unbelievable. So I can't waste money on plastic and I can't waste money on gold. What can I waste money on?" "It's your money..." "Is it? Because you seem to feel more guilty and have more opinions than me about my own finances!" "I can't accept things." "Why not?" his voice amplified again. "Because I 'can't have nice things', as they say!" "Why not?" His voice lowered to below regular tone, enveloping your mind in a hug. "Look at me. Why not?" Your vision landed on his chest, his hands on your thighs, grounding you, your air ways becoming constricted by the threatening tears. "Because nice things get broken. Nice things don't last. Nice things become bad things. I'm not worthy of good things." On your mouth was displayed a smile, albeit a sad one. Kylo had pushed on it, but he knew. "Let me," his fingers played with your hair, "don't fight me." How ludicrous. Notes: Fucking hell, how I hate the holidays... How do you feel about getting/the idea of getting expensive gifts? Visuals: Jewelry - resin moss ring ; stacked rings ; bracelet Hair combs - patina ; bakelite Ren's clothes - shorts ; tank (black) Pillow - here Persian rug - here Coffee table - here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 26 : Conducting Notes: So much Japanese, you'll hate me. Or you can educate yourself at the end notes. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Determined, steady hands closed around the hilt of a lengthened, ōdachi -sized bokken , tip of the wooden blade immovable at eye-level. His voice was calm and clear, switching stances to show the room filled with ten-year-olds how to properly hold the tsuka - wrists not too flat, no thumbs against the handguard, no floating pinky fingers exposing the palm. Then the sword lift above the head, controlled with a solid grip, both paws parallel, never letting the blade droop. The blow should always be fluid, yet strong and stopping plane to one's sight at all times. Shoulders pushed back, armpits closed. Posture was important. He demonstrated and practiced three different kiri-kaeshi , making sure he rectified the children's moves and positions, tolerantly illustrating the katas as many times as necessary for all twelve kids to strike as perfectly and as instinctively as possible. They were young and he was proud. When three quarters of an hour passed, some parents began arriving to watch the end of the class, standing or sitting in the back of the room. " Ki o tsuke! Chakuza. " The students sat on the floor, Ren twinning in seiza , everybody wearing their swords and sliding their left foot behind, kneeling and moving their right foot back as well, toes pointing inwards, sitting atop their lower extremities, tsuba laid in line with the Western knee, palms flat over their thighs. " Shōmen ni Rei! " In place, everyone turned to the main entrance of the building and bowed to it, fists gliding down their place of rest to form a triangle ahead of the knees, heads lowering, shifting to their original orientation afterwards. " Sensei ni Rei! " The kenshi bowed to him and he bowed to them. " Sensei, doumo arigatou gozaimashita! " A choir of young tones transpired thankfulness. Grabbing their training weapons, students and teacher alike rose on their right leg. Class was dismissed. The children parted in groups, some running to their guardians, others to their master, questions and requests and comments. Thirty minutes to the giant's next session and progenitors wanted to chat and shake hands. Passively, he hated that. After fathers and mothers exited, he walked to the front of the space and laid on the cold floor by the wall, where he stretched and let a peeved, exasperated groan erupt from his throat, fists sinking into his eye sockets. He felt pressure inside his skull, throbbing temples and pounding sharp pain on the parietal region. Before long, the drowned footsteps of the first teen students reporting to train reached his ears, spine abandoning the ground, two boys and a girl approaching and taking spots in front of him. They made casual conversation, Kylo hearing about their school day, more kids coming. At seven thirty sharp, class begun. During the last half-hour, the sensei taught his kōhai how to tie sageo around the scabbard, offering them a multitude of silk, leather and cotton cords in diverse colors to choose from, matching each tsuka-ito , quickly showing them five possible ways of wrapping it. The lighthearted atmosphere helped everyone unwind till nine o'clock that evening, the adolescents being given permission to speak freely, sober laughter and collected exchanges between the group of seventeen heads. He just listened, observing them. Reciprocating goodbyes, the colossal man stood behind, locking equipment away, and lumbered towards the locker room, disrobing and folding both his sable hakamashita and umanoribakama , carefully storing them deep in his duffel bag, enjoying a quick shower before returning home, walking the mere twenty-three minutes from that dōjō location to his apartment. Would be too noisy on the bus anyway and he wasn't in a hurry. * Your phone vibrated, scaring you off of your creative trance. "What are you doing?" You scratched your eye with your right index's knuckle and checked the time. "Was working, thanks a lot. What's up?" "Sorry. Not much kinda bored" "You're never bored. Aren't you at home with your Magic the Gathering buddies or something?" You chuckled as you tapped to send it. "Like we never played Shadowrun together get outta here and no im watching this very bad show" While you were reading the text, an image came through - a couple of actors and a very bright background played on a TV above and surrounded by a vast DVD library, dimmed lights and his legs crossed at the ankles atop a small coffee table. "Those hairstyles look like a soap opera from the 80s, don't lie, you're having the time of your life!" "You got me this is the best thing ever in the history of national television! Want to come over?" You glanced at the document open ahead of you and saved the newest version before you forgot. "U-G-H! I don't want to move. If you want company, get in your car and get your ass here." "But its cold outside and im so comfortable here dont do this to me" "Look at my face ---> -_- Does it seem like I care? YOU distracted me, YOU have the trouble." "FINE punkass. Will i eat your food or are you lacking something?" "Only lacking you, asshat." "Be there within the hour" "Roger roger." Fifty-seven minutes passed and, having lent your shoulder on the cold, rough brick wall, from your window you saw Matt driving by really slowly, looking for parking and occupying a spot three buildings away, the constant rainfall hitting the clear glass and creating a satisfying, uniform vibration spreading throughout the studio. You watched his blonde mop of hair disappearing under the protection of his coat's hood and the messenger bag he always carried everywhere hanging from his torso. Walking to the intercom, you waited for it to buzz and granted him entry, opening the front door to your apartment and turning on the lights. Echoing in the hall, you heard his hefty, hasty pace, probably running up the three levels boosting two stair steps at a time. You smiled. Soon he was standing at your doorway, panting and bending over, palms on knees. "Took you long enough!" Poker face with a side of hands on hips, you thumped the tip of your foot on the wooden floor. "Wha-... Ho-... Shut up... God... So out of sha-... shape..." "Why the hell did you run up three floors? Wasn't a matter of life and death!" Fitting your head through the space between his arm and rib cage, you assisted the gigantic man into your dwelling. Or so you tried. "You never know! Maybe... it was." With the aid of your heel, you kicked the door shut and he made himself heavier on you. "Oh. Think I'm gonna pass out. This is it." "No... I can't... hold you up..." "You gotta." "Says who?" "Ow. Mean." He kept tumbling over you and you resorted to the secret weapon of Matt destruction: tickles. Two pointers attacked his stomach and sides, while he laughed and howled, trying to escape you but finding himself cornered by the blue couch, his only way out being to catch you and ensnaring your arms parallel to your body, which he easily accomplished, being a monster-sized human compared to you. Then it backfired on you, one of his lengthy arms moving just enough to tickle your flank instead. A duet of distinct laughters filled your otherwise quiet shelter till you couldn't breathe, coughing your recovery to standard heartbeat, four eyes in tears from inflicted euphoria. You remained trapped against him, his chin dipped down, contemplating you through driblets of wintry water on his spectacles, that wonderful, goofy, broad smile of his flourishing across his rosy face causing everything to grin along with it - his heavy-lidded eyes, his cheeks, you. "Hai." One of your vertebrae cracked as you looked upwards at him. "Hey." Matt's delighted expression melted, shoulders arching forward as he leaned over you, the full, cantaloupe-colored lips touching your left cheek, by your jaw, the strong branching limbs already surrounding you releasing some of the crushing pressure, his big paws tenderly supporting your form in a hug. "How are you?" "I'm okay... You?" "I'm... I'm better now. Was really bored... and stuff." "Tragic," you kissed his stubbly cheek and pulled away, pointing at the small empty space next to your entry's accent table, "shoes." Matt dropped his bag on the sofa and took off his Lakai, pebble-hued, woolly sneakers by the entryway, tucking his signature green parka inside out and laying it across the bottom of one of your mismatched dining chairs, you following his action and unfolding it, dressing the back of said seat. He glanced between you and the coat, left eyebrow furrowing, to which you simply replied 'moisture', a curbed hum of acknowledgement from his throat as he raised his sweater and wiped his glasses on his beige cotton t-shirt. "So, whatchu wanna do?" Leaning your bottom against the counter, stretched arms propped you from behind. "I brought," he walked to the front of your couch, where he had placed his satchel, fumbled with it and yanked a box from its confinement, rotating his pulse till it was displayed right side up, " Betrayal At House On The Hill !" Blinking, you pressed your lips together, giving him some time to evaluate the situation for himself. He, however, just continued looking at you, board game in hand, excitement portrayed on his appearance. "Are we going to double up our personalities and pretend there's four people playing? We need at least three for that game to work." "Okay, what about Trouble ? I have it in the car, the twins wanna play it..." "That's a bit... mindless..." "Chess?" "Did you come here to pass on your boredom to me? Besides, I don't have a chess set... anymore, maybe, I don't know where it is. No. I haaave... Guess Who? up here... whatever else I might have is down in the storage." "Okay!" The tall man walked back to your kitchen, playfully smacking you on the upper arm on his way to the fridge. "Well, go get it!" You groaned, dragging yourself to the shelves where you stored the physical copies of movies, TV shows and videogames, the long untouched, boxed table top game collecting a thin layer of dust by them. Matt studied the insides of the refrigerator, finding a saran-wrapped ceramic bowl with homemade vegan spinach and artichoke dip. "Can I eat this?" He waved the container in the air, still hunched, checking the rest of the food there. "I was thinking about saving it for the children." "What children?" His back straightened as he turned his inquisitive head in your general direction, whom reverted to the table, game in hand. "Precisely. Just eat it. Nuke it though, tastes so much better when it's all warm and creamy." Your eyes rolled in delectable pleasure. "Bring the corn chips from the pantry, pleeeassse." He did as instructed, returning with a packet of gluten-free yellow corn chips and dumping it in a big dish, then wearing your oven mitts while staring at the bowl on the rotating glass plate, feet set apart further than shoulder width, rocking from side to side, waiting. Taking two cups, you filled them with water and poured two mugs of black tea, setting them on the chosen surface. Upon the anticipated ding, Matt carried the dipping amazeness to the table, removed the gloves and excused himself to use the restroom, plastic trays of rubbery, cartoony faces ready to entertain the pair of you. An hour and about nineteen rounds played, conversation was captivating, sometimes giddier, sometimes darker, the very tall man reclining in the chair that looked infinitesimal under him, sweater thrown across the sofa, too fevered from laughing gleefully and the home heating system. Your phone vibrated against the solid surface of the dining furniture and, inputting the unlocking code, you opened the new text. "Can come?" The reply was typed. Elongated, sturdy arms elevated above himself, right paw closing around the left wrist atop his head, the citrus oil braided with dry wood notes of his deodorant fragrance overtaking your olfaction, substantial thighs disunited, those slightly slanted hazel eyes imbuing a vehemence you hadn't discerned previously. Till then. Notes: Visuals: Ren's uniform: hakamashita (minus the "obi", which is the sash) ; umanoribakama Matt's clothes: parka ; bag ; sneakers Vegan spinach and artichoke dip: recipe Matt's deodorant: here Translation of non-English terms (maybe I should've done this with previous chapters): "ōdachi" - large/great sword "bokken" - wooden sword "tsuka" - hilt/handle of sword "kiri-kaeshi" - type of kendō exercise, "to cut repeatedly" "katas" - forms, exercises "ki o tsuke" - "attention", call for attention "chakuza" - "to sit on the floor" "seiza" - formal/ideal sitting position, "to sit correctly" "tsuba" - hand guard of sword "Shōmen ni Rei" - "bow to front" (front of temple) "Sensei ni Rei" - "bow to teacher" "kenshi" - swordman, student "Sensei, doumo arigatou gozaimashita" - "Thank you very much, teacher" "sensei" - teacher "kōhai" - protégé, junior "sageo" - a type of cord "tsuka-ito" - the wrap of/on the hilt of a sword "hakamashita" - a short kimono (usually above knees) "umanoribakama" - traditional wide Japanese pants "dōjō" - "place of the way", a practice room Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 27 : Amelioration Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Sun was high up and a humongous man pressed on your stomach, in between your legs, under the sheets. His head laid on your chest, arms by your torso, framing you. You hand't moved in the last hour and you felt his strong, steady heartbeat precisely atop your bladder, which, being morning, wasn't doing great things for your will to urinate. But he was so warm. And the night had been restless. He had fallen back to sleep too, a warm, then cold, wet feeling flowing from him to between your breasts - drool. Very slowly, you brought your right hand up and gently curled an ebony lock around your index, letting it slowly uncoil from it. The titan stirred, sniffling, a quiet hum from the hindmost part of his throat consumed by the foggy silence surrounding you. A massive paw abandoned its place of rest to scratch behind his neck, finding a spot by his face, fully cupping your left breast and beginning to knead. Controllingly. Sluggishly. Your soft skin erupting in tiny bumps as you shivered, the coolness spreading from the center of your chest outwards, like spiders running beneath your cutis. Kylo moved his head at last, holding it above you. He admired the boob he massaged with too much focus, getting on his elbows, enabling his free hand to provide the same attention to the other one. His hair brushed and dragged against you, emphasizing the tightening of your nerves. Swallowing the saliva that collected in his mouth, he soon parted his pouty lips and connected them with your breast, the slick tongue cradling your nipple as he sucked, slumbersome, eyelashes fluttering for a second until he closed his eyes. He was serene. Kylo sucked for a long while and always tenderly, worshiping. Switching breasts, he merely carried on and with it lengthy digits caressing your collar and cheeks, lovingly tranquilizing you, emulating a soporific- the solid weight on top of you, the languid mouth, the hypnotizing fingers. And he did so for another long stretch of time. You came to your senses when he repeatedly pushed your tits together, hard, licking both nipples at some point, spit dripping from his mouth to your rib cage, eyes shooting to yours once he felt your breath quicken - the scene had instantly changed. Like a reptilian predator, he slithered up your body, considerably increasing the weight propped on you, shoulders arched, furious passion, forehead gluing to yours, look so intense it could break you - it did break you, it always did, break you and repair you, always giving you something, everything. And what did you possess to give him in return? Nothing but yourself, so you did. And did it even matter? In that flash of thought, a tear gathered by the tail of your eye and there it held, suspended in a moment, the dark scruffy curtains of hair shrouding both your faces. Too many heartbeats spent in that pose. The calm before the storm. Then all at once, his hands grabbing your legs in tandem and bringing them upwards, folding you in half over yourself, joints not quite ready for it, muscles straining as he steadied your calves and ankles against his shoulders, pressing fully on you. Three fingers guided his erection, gliding its glans along your entrance and lips, getting it coated in the accumulated juices resulted from the dally stimulation he had provided. Looking down his aquiline nose into your eyes, he pushed into the warmth of you in one swift movement as you bit on nothing, a hindered blink of pain and excitement, needing the use he was about to give you. At first he remained still, overfilling your cunt, feeling you breathe, shake and clench while you adjusted to the burning, stinging stretch he kindly provided, balls deep. You had never thought about how you could accommodate him inside of you. The human body, amazing and horrifying, finding peace and pleasure in pain. It felt... like he pushed, shifted your organs from their predetermined place, a carnal sensation in the true meaning of the word: from the Latin carno , flesh, meat. It was pure and primal, visceral. Mighty muscles protruded from chest, neck, ornated arms. Kylo spread your stretched out lower limbs, tipping some of his mass backwards onto his knees, reinforcing his posture. "Hold your legs. Do not move." Wrists bent, small hands wrapped around knees and calves, you, laid on your back, spread-eagle with his dick hitherto ensconced in you. His own paws planted open on your hamstrings, withdrawing from your heat, hazel obs scanning his skin shining with your wetness. Pressing forward, the hulking man rammed into you, your much smaller frame feeling more strained, more open by the unfaltering, continuous rhythm set by him, a condescending expression of mimicry tainting his semblance every time you moaned. "Hmm... Ahh..." "'Ahh' what? 'Ahh' what, bitch?" "Ah-ahh, S-sir!" "That's better." Wanting to watch, your head perked up, getting but a fleeting glimpse before one of Kylo's monstrous hands caught your throat, slamming you back down onto the pillow, snatching it from under you to press your spine flat on the bed, hissing the labored breaths taken between his teeth, snarling. "Did... or did I not tell you..." his free paw lightly slapped your reddening cheeks twice, "to NOT move? Hold your legs and," emptying you suddenly, it almost hurt as much as stuffing you, the tip of his fingers striking the apex of your slit with every puncturing word, strictly on your clit, " DO . NOT . MOVE ." You did your very best, howling behind forcibly fused lips, teardrops trickling down your temples into your hairline, huge unrelenting cock resuming its clobbering, a vast measure of his mass propped on palms atop your ribs, adorning you like a constricting corset - exertional gasps splicing the resonance of skin smacking. "Hands up!" He blurted out, your patellas then pinned by your shoulders, the heels of his rugged palms sinking in your kneepits. Forevermore bending and twisting your physique, warping his teeny ductile toy doll at his will, defiling and damaging the matter that covers a deranged and disheartened mind, much like his own, exactly like his own. The space behind your ears was thoroughly soaked with tears, moans spiked with whines. Your flesh gave, throbbed, quaked as he persisted, corrupting and impregnating you with the venom that runs in him. Death. The ephemeral one. Sweet anesthesia at the end, when he releases your limbs and jittering pain flows through your sprained ligaments, when erroneously you sense your inflamed epidermis beginning to cool off and his moves are no longer tempestuous. He supplies you with enough space to bring your feet down, his member slowly, soppingly being pulled out of you, your thighs meeting, rolling onto your flank with Kylo by your side, shielding you with his own built as soon as you found a favorable ample position to repose, leftover tears and feelings you cannot name pouring out, powerless digits finding his neck. And that hammering sphere of wretchedness, never extirpating, permanently there, in his chest and in his mind. Twenty solid minutes were spent in bed, cortisol slowing your breathing, diaphragms tensing, snuggling shapes shaking, prolactin, corticotropin and leucine-enkephalin pacifying the both of you. Your fingertips traced up his nape and jaw, the rest of his features softly felt for, your moistened touch barely noticeable, pulsating parched punch-hued plush pout directing oscules to the kind, loyal hands and to the despondent and resplendent guise looking back at him. You got up, ambulating towards the washroom past the opened deep ocean-tinted frosted glass sliding door, with no need to close it for privacy - he was your privacy. Sitting on the vitreous china ceramic bowl, you exuded the unavoidable fluids from within, urine and lubrication and ejaculate, vivid candy red streaks on the overlapped, smooth paper used to wipe yourself, Ren sauntering into the bathroom, the warm skin of his soles sticking to the hardly noticeable asperity of the iron-toned slate tiles. He stalled in front of you, squatted. Pushing and pulling your pelvic muscles, blood dribbled out, his large thumb dragging along your entrance so delicately you would've barely felt it if you weren't looking. Dropping the stained sheets into the basin, you contorted to flush the toilet. And he gazed at you - lugubrious expression and lachrymose eyes, a soft tinge of rouge across his nose and cheeks, rose kisser swollen from the oppression of his teeth, the sensational, moistureless fine lines of his lips' tubercles spellbinding you. He hoisted you up, legs wrapping around his waist as he carried you back to bed, arms secured on his collum and not letting go once he laid you on the mattress, Kratos granting the propinquity you coveted, blankets imprecisely covering both figures. Your nails composedly scraped the scalp under the unholy mess of pitch black hair, fingertips of one hand massaging along the cartilage and lobe of his left ear, relocating your right thigh over his hip, the well-kept, immaculately clipped fingernails of his compulsively grazing the top of your ass. Kylo's eyes closed, nose wiggling. Gingerly, you searched and scratched his itch, an indolent purr from his throat when he was satisfied, eyelids onerously disclosing a synthesis of browns scintillating as the sunlight swarmed your sanctuary. "Morning." He regarded you, indomitable intensity. You chortled. Notes: Dem visuals: Bathroom door: style plus color and type of glass (That is a sculpture by Mario Celori and I cried when I found it. Sadly or not, that's not a hyperbole.) Toilet: here Bathroom tiles: here Bed: here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 28 : Watchful Notes: TW: Self-mutilation I had this chapter started but it was to be posted a long time from now. However, it felt the need to come forth, out of schedule. It's a short one. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He stood in front of the tilted, layered mirror in his room, staring at himself, naked. Immobile, looking. He hurt so much that it didn't hurt anymore. He did feel the cutting sting as he carved his thigh. Then again, a couple of inches lower. And he watched two thin gashes oozing bright crimson blood before they started marking their course down his mighty leg. He felt dirty, yet his reflection was kind, not picking up the roughness of his dry lips, peeling, the softened almond shape of his eyes, eyelashes in clumps, absorbed tear trails leaving the salty tightness of skin in its path, his nose so stuffed he could only breathe through his mouth. His long hair was greasy and he smelled of grimy sweat. Kylo blinked a few times, clearing the fog that had set in his vision. Taking two fingers, he smeared some of the haema , rubbing it between them and his thumb, thinning it into nothing. Turning his left palm towards himself, he contemplated his adorned wrist, following up his arm, admiring the designs that hid veteran scars and exceptional moles, falling on his opposing blank wrist, for a moment thinking how barren that space seemed... He glanced back at the soiled knife, the scorching gushing blood tracks forgotten, clouded coagulated blotches, radiant raw slashes. But his head turned to the mirrored image of his mobile on top of the bed behind him. Smeary fingerprints entered a plead on the screen. "Please come." Your heart promptly began racing upon reading it. You knew something was wrong. "I'm leaving now. Talk to me." Shoving your feet in boots by the door, you clutched the key fob and sprinted to your car, forgetting any outerwear and needing to get to his apartment as soon as possible, Kylo never answering the text, you trading the forty minutes on the subway for the sixteen driving, parking in the guest section of the complex. Scanned the access control token on the elevator panel, you couldn't help mashing his floor's button, breaking from its inwards to the locked main door, not quite able to discern anything your sight was skimming through, until you closed the opening behind your back. The huge heathered tweed, leek-hued, sectional couch in the living room was upside down. Your eyes widened at the scene. Cold, stale air. One of the dark curtains had been torn from its mount, the rod still caught on one side, which you would expect to fall, any time. It didn't, while you watched. Listening, you padded past the kitchen and into the corridor leading to the rooms, turning the heating on, something in whitish glass shattered in teensy bits as you made your way to the titan's chamber. And there he was - balled up in a fetal position atop the king-sized mattress, facing away from the entrance. Quickly, you examined the floor: nothing broken, a shadowy stain by the dresser. Taking off your shoes discreetly, you narrowed the distance between you two, noiselessly laying next to his body, unable to shift your vision off of Kylo, overseeing his breathing. He was awake. Almost an hour must have passed when his mass twitched, convulsing like a pulsating heart, before he turned to face you, burying his head in the glow of your chest, pressing a little too hard, gripping your sweater a little too strong. His sweltering breath seeped through your clothes, against your stomach, your digits sinking in the cruddy ebony locks in need of a trim. Heartbreak. Tangible heartbreak. The kind that makes you numb, but then demolishes your essence and your body feels it all. Every time. You couldn't take seeing him cry. You surrendered to sobs and whimpers, holding him tightly against you till his respiration was moderated and his mourning pacified. The coruscating-eyed, grievous, hulking man involved you in the waned shambles of burgeoning tactility, scuffling with your top as he attempted and prevailed in its removal, tips of fingers and inflamed, tired hazel lamps thoroughly mesmerized by the texture of your skin, the temperature, the swellings and slumps of it, breasts, neck and face, all scrutinized to its most minute peculiarity. During that time, his semblance, deadpanned, resolute, as if he could not , should not be interrupted. So you waited. Observant. Unaware for how long. Then at last his tremendous right fist hooked loosely on your nape, languidly flickering eyelashes, full, strawberry lips still parched and parted. Avoiding precipitous gestures, your built vacated the bed to draw a calming, invigorating bath, the schlepping, prodigious knight wordlessly following you since the sound of running water was identified by him. He stood motionless next to you, regarding as you fused a spill of rose water with the fuming contents of the tub, stripping the leftovers of your outfit. Then you joined him in his quiet examination. Stopping the cascading liquid, you held his hand for balance as you lifted one leg first, then the other, standing close to the center in the large, dim gray, concrete tub, sitting with your physique submerged and looking up, expectant, to the troubled inamorato . Ren took his legitimate place in between your thighs, sliding down and reclining onto you. Cupping your paws, you let the fragrant water drip on his elongated curls, soaking them entirely, his pronounced brow bone furrowing at first in a precious, scrunchy-faced and vulnerable expression. You took one of his hands in yours and plucked the blood and skin from under his fingernails using your own. The angry red streaks along his leg were starting to dissolve. The lacerations on his thigh burnt. Notes: Visuals: Ren's bedroom mirror: here , except this orientation Ren's couch: couch but in this material and color Ren's bathub: here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 29 : Anticipation Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The seats in first class were the most comfortable you've ever been on. Too bad your row neighbors were chatty work buddies, talking about technicalities of something you could not decipher, having tuned into it midway, the lounges and bars they would go to throughout their stay in Florida and about plane crashes. Pleasant. But you figured they didn't care about who heard them, shrouded in the safety of another language. That you spoke. Turmoil sprout early in you, for they were quite raucous in a poised aircraft. Next to you, the graphite-clothed Goliath fussed for about five minutes with his phone, typing something before scrolling through playlists, glancing at you and plugging the earbuds instead of his noise-cancelling headphones, passing you one and letting the first notes of Black Dog offer meek distraction from the babbling passengers. Turning on your side to him, you shut your tired eyes for a bit, however, the side conversation became more heated. Reopening, you sighed, blinked before focusing on Ren's evidently enraged expression. You wondered if you should talk to him. Instead, you gave him back the earpiece and plucked your own headphones and your own mobile, playing the first thing on your music folder, but surfing through the next seven files before obliging a more apt song to outlast the initial fraction of second enough to justify your selection. The hypnotic vibration of the engines spread throughout the cushiony seat and lulled you into ataraxia, eyes lazily peeping at your companion whose fingers nonchalantly brushed against the back of yours, on purpose, frequently. Perhaps it was the altitude, but suddenly you felt like melted butter. And you weren't hallucinating when the consistently stoic and publicly inhibited god rested his palm against your inner thigh and slowly but firmly began caressing you. Kylo pointed his head in your direction, abstracted in the theme, frazzled by the mere notion of attending this event, long lower limbs enjoyably occupying a generous amount of the provided roomy area - to him it was not just about being a jerk to his mother and exploit her critical and deficient need to mend whatever she managed with her children, it was also really the only way this giant could fly there. Faintly over the three hour mark, the plane was landing in Fort Lauderdale and you meandered past passengers looking for friends, while others hugged family members, visitors searching for their name on a sign, Ren feeling the aggravating puerile need to ignore the white board where 'Mr. Organa-Solo' was written in impacting black lettering and just go find a cab. But he didn't. He scorned at it in his mind, and you swear you could envision him screaming about how he legally changed his fucking name and he didn't have to fucking see those fucking last names fucking associated with him ever fucking again and yet, there they fucking were! You could hear that in your head, but aside from a barely detectable eye-roll and an overworking vexed jaw accompanied with mighty nostril flares, nothing came out. Once you arrived at the hotel and checked in as part of the group, receiving one key each, you felt a skittish tension promptly germinating inside your chest and the more you tried to suppress it, the more it crushed you during the long elevator ride. As soon as the door to the room was opened, you dashed through it and into what your brain acknowledged as being a bathroom in the point two seconds given, slamming the entrance shut and releasing all the air that floundered within your lungs, hyperventilating, loosing control of all judgement. Kylo listened behind the closed door, then very slowly tried to turn the handle, which gave in completely, and attempted to push quite lightly, but his action wasn't indulged as your back was against the solid, rice-tinted, wooden hatch. "Have you looked outside? Place got a nice view." Himself taking the few steps separating him from the large windows, muscled arms crossing athwart his rib cage, crow-black eyebrows creasing as he squinted at the luminosity rebounding from the glassy water. Still, he heard your urgent gulps for air and his irascible heartbeat. Quietly, he neared the washroom. "Look at the ocean... so we can see the same thing at the... same time." He shook his head, realizing how trite that sounded aloud. And you had the same reaction. Nevertheless, your eyes did find the shades of Aegean and Arctic in the amplitude of blues. Concentrating on it, feathery footsteps lead to an aperture connecting the outside to you and unconscious hands unlocked that barrier ahead. Instantly, the distraught Colossus sneaked past the unguarded entry, scouting his surroundings, painstakingly perusing you, tapping the nail plate of his right middle finger on the brim of the minimalist, free-standing, rounded-corner bathtub twice not to scare you. Your sight was undisturbed, bronchi and atria and ventricles all steadying. "We don't have to go..." You did. He knew the guilt of accepting the first class plane tickets and the four day suite reservations would consume you much more than any panic attack and dysthymia. And as much as you wish to hide away, you were well aware your presence was required. Was the very least you could do. Pretend. Show face. "It's alright." You continued staring at the sea ahead and feeling the abnormally warm weather for that time of the year. Sighing from the abysmal depths of your soul, you released nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide and emotion, leaning your head back as much as it would naturally go and looking straight up at the man flushed against your spine, who contemplated down at you. "It's alright." Kylo's robust arms steadfastly engulfed your smaller form, while your core instinctively folded over them, like you lusted after that marriage of the material, because the spirit, that one, had always been shared. His right palm smoothed over your tresses and haltingly he liberated your torso, taking you by the hand to where your carry-on luggage laid, having been dropped in the last manageable moments of agitated apprehension, by the bed, and watching as you repositioned and opened it, fishing out the shoes you'd wear that evening and the nécessaire with the makeup you would soon begin to apply. Notes: I was in a plane next to those two dudes talking about those things. And that's how a chapter is born. Visuals: Hotel room bathtub: here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 30 : Inkling Notes: Get ready for tailor technical terms, yo! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) " Oh... " Was all you could think, Ren wearing a tight, well-tailored, sleek pitch black nailshead suit, impeccable Egyptian cotton broadcloth shirt - you wanted to say 120s quality, 2-ply? - hiding his incredibly unforgiving pectorals, thin, three fold, untipped tie in two shades of, oh yes, black with a lighter background pushing forth the Damask embroidery and perfectly knotted with the Hanover around the unfused, high-stitch density collar, elegant cap toe, quarter brogue oxfords complimenting the look, as well as a dim Byzantium-colored pocket square, the fullest, most regal and sexiest purple shade, precisely placed in the breast pocket to mimic a nonchalant effort. And his hair. The mess of waves as dark as his soul always in disarray, screaming both style and anarchy. So much duality, so much incongruity. You could've rubbed yourself on him like a cat in heat. But there was a purpose behind this display. And you didn't want to be late. You wore a simple black sateen midi pencil dress, modest in its fabric expanse, three quarter sleeve, cinched at the waist with the aid of a thin, one-inch leatherette belt, skin tight from shoulders to knees, flaring slightly at the end where rear kick pleats allowed for wider, nevertheless gracious movements, straight from the fifties. Four-inch, round toe, T-strap heels elevating your usually grounded form, seamed, point heel, sheer coal-colored nylon stockings shielded your legs, inherited Tahitian black pearl drop earrings adorned the lobes of your ears, a true elegant and sober vision. With a pinch of death. Leaving the security of your bedchamber, the descent to the ballroom was a reticent one, last touches in the mirrored cubicle, the monumental vision of a man withholding a smile to himself as he contemplated you and reflected on how he'd enjoy seeing you in heels more often. The elevator stopped twice, collecting an old man with a teen, sporting casual wear and talking about fishing the next day after saying their polite hellos to the pair of you, and a mermaid gown-wearing blonde siren with opulent lips, painted in highlighter, who disregarded you and batted eyelashes at Kylo during the rest of the ride down. Announcing its arrival to the second floor, the three formally attired individuals deserted the hindrance of the fish conversation and approached the grand entry of the event space. You both walked in, trembling inside, looking confident and like you didn't quite care about the already present guests, blonde sashaying ahead of you to the early sparse crowd as you made your way to the assigned table where 'Kylo+1' awaited in gold script. Standing next to it was his brother Matt in an exquisite walnut-hued suit, his bleached goldilocks forced into a tamed style, his date a tall brunette in an intense pineapple-tinged cocktail dress that left very little to the imagination, the sweet guy seemingly both nervous and apprehensive. Maybe he liked her. Maybe he regretted her bold fashion sense in such a composed environment. Approaching them, you had been filled on their acquaintance - work, not original, but that's as good of a place as any other. The brothers exchanged a few words, and you tried to make pleasant chit chat with the Amazon. Soon enough, the youngest triplet, Ben, was coming through the wide opened doors and with him his lovely partner on his arm and the twins he fathered: the rambunctious girl and the introvert boy, both with immense manes of dark curls, looking very classy in their little matching suit and frock. The pristine looks would only last some good two hours. Ben and his girlfriend, Desiree, approached the small group you partook in and greeted you all, the man squeezing shoulders and nodding to his brothers, offering you his cheek with a loose side hug and gripping the new girl's palm as they were introduced, his woman hugging you and his brothers, waving at the girl and asking how long has it been since she last saw you. Maybe eight months? Probably two years. The kids were all around Matt and Kylo, but they focused on the blonde who, more interactive and willing, entertained their every single idea. Not long after, Leia, the matriarch, came from the backstage to greet her grandchildren who excitedly ran to her, sandwiching grandma in tight embraces and kisses and a million questions. She came closer to her sons then, thanking for their attendance, smiling at their dates, before stealing Ben's fiancée from you, smaller groups forming. You stepped aside to get a drink and moved closer to one of the full length windows. The main hall was beautiful and elegant, the sun was still up in the sky but you could barely wait to see the whole room light up with the massive chandeliers above. It was a semi-formal afternoon event for politicians, investors and businesspeople to parade themselves, but as the evening progressed it became a more intimate, more relaxed gathering, many of the imposing figures leaving for the night. At your table, the twins were always gone exploring within sight unless food was served and a couple of guests had already left, a few of those seats being refilled with people who knew Leia's sons from many years ago or new people wanting to fall on their good side. Jackets were removed and hung on the backrest of chairs, occupations and boring hobbies being discussed. New girl was loud. And a little ditsy. Or maybe it was your lack of patience, so quick to judge, so not open to the full extent of the definition of 'party'. Your eyes wandered. To the lights, to faces you didn't recognize, to others you did, to the dance floor slowly being filled. Almost on cue, Ben took his family by the hand and joined the music playing. You followed them in your visual field, twisting your neck back, and smiled at the dream of domestic happiness and the thought of how his life had changed. Facing forward you met Kylo's intense gaze, who swallowed and parted his voluptuous lips, unfolding his tongue and fully displaying it for you, before flicking the tip twice, shimmer catching on the barbell in it and quickly returning to the conspicuous safety of his mouth. He blinked slowly, head almost imperceptibly tilting towards an exit. Your orbs twinkled from the soft lighting above you and immediately you excused yourself to whoever wanted to hear, took a hold of your purse and followed the signs by one of the main entrances towards the restrooms. The most colossal of the men at the table fidgeted with the piercing in his tongue, biting it between his teeth, eyes trailing after the glittering ceiling lamps, stealing a look at Matt's girl - Mmmonica, Sssonya, he didn't care - and laying them upon the empty and almost empty glasses before getting up to his feet and stomping past the gathering chatty mob in the rear of the venue. You waited by the bathroom's discriminating doors, arms resting across your chest. He scrutinized your figure and darted to the men's washroom, inspecting how empty it was. Noticing a single occupied stall, he lifted his index, gesturing for you to wait. Less than a minute after, a soft-faced petit man with gelled hair passed by on his way out and offered a gentle smile which you reciprocated. With him out of sight, Kylo appeared by the entry and lifted his eyebrows, cocking his head. He stood by the last stall, watching you walk to him from the top of his six-five stance, imagining in what manner he'll grab you in eight more seconds, high heels clicking on the polished floor, echoing through the sterile room, strutting to the small slot, him joining, locking the door. Ren pulled you closer so quickly you don't think your brain fully captured it, prodigious powerful paws groping your ass, his knees dipping as he rutted against you like a dog, teeth finding your nape and biting hard on it, your nails finding his scalp, left cheek twitching. Then he spoke, deep, vibrating opposite your rib cage. Or was that you rattling? "Gonna fuck that pussy raw." You shuddered. You were sure you could cum if he said 'pussy' enough times by your ear. Nimble fingers rolled up your skirt to your waist and pulled your panties off as he turned your back to the wall, pocketing them, pulling right leg over his shoulder and staring at you. "Mmm, garter belt for me?" God, the way he smirked... Suddenly he was pulling your left leg atop his other shoulder, your hands shooting both to the wall behind and his scalp, trying to keep balance. And... he... got up... lifting your body above the stall's privacy, exposing you till about where your dress was crumpled. You gasped and panicked, calling his name and all he did was bury his face in your cunt, your thighs instinctively pressing his head, teeth biting your outer lips when he felt that was enough struggling. "AAAH! I'm sorry, Master Ren..." "You're going to regret that," hands holding your waist, voice muffled by your folds. His mouth sucked your meaty lips into its warm wetness, stretching them and making you whimper, eyes watching the bathroom's door like a hawk as if you could prevent anyone from entering with the power of your thoughts, which were completely shattered when his adorned tongue flicked your clit fast and slow and fast and slow and fast and faster and pulled it into his mouth. So close to orgasm and he dropped you from his shoulders, letting you slide along his body. Strong forearms caught your spread thighs before allowing your feet to touch the ground for a split second while he turned you around and hoisted your legs once again over his arms, your own folded against your chest, bracing your frame on the wall as he brought you forth and shoved his tremendous cock in you, immediately pounding fast. "Fucking... short pet... Rrr-can't fuck you the way I want to," he hissed as you bounced off his hips. The hinges of a far stall screeched, your eyes widening, cunt clenching and Kylo's huge hand covering your mouth, still abusing you. You hoped the ragged breaths taken through your noses and the sound of his clothed hips mashing against your flesh wasn't as audible as the heartbeat in your ears. Then he slacked, thrusting deep and long twice, digging even further as if that was possible, leaving your cervix in pain. He removed his hand from your mouth and brought your knees together ahead of you while he sat on the toilet still buried in your heat. You waited. "I don't think they're leaving any time soon," he whispered to you. You sighed and lingered, the giant lazily thrusting up into you, some of his seed spilling from within you and his digits catching it from his shaft before it reached his pants, feeding it to you. Absentmindedly, you cleaned them, concerned about the undesirable presence. Slipping his fingers out, Ren shifted you on his lap, one leg going over his body so you could face him as you mutely giggled due to the unnecessary efforts you were both doing. His softened dick glided off of you and you both dripped into the porcelain throne, the pads of your fingers following the sizable scar on his features, which he allowed till he leaned forward to kiss your neck, licking a path to the exposed collar bones where he planted a couple more smooches, skin tightening with pleasurable shivers. Glancing up at your satisfied look, the strong fists fumbled with the invisible zipper at your back enough to partially pull the fabric obscuring your left breast, salivating mouth coercing your flesh into its confinement, sucking bruises around the areola. Your ankles lifted and tucked behind him when another set of feet strutted through the bathroom, occupying the stall next to you, your heart racing from both the fear of somehow being caught and the set of luscious lips and skilled tongue worshiping your nipple then. The recent occupant did his business, washed his hands and whistled his way out. The first invader still hiding. Encompassing your Master's head you tilted it up, lips promptly replaced with his fingertips. "Perhaps we should leave. That guy either wants to be alone or is listening to us." Ren rolled his eyes, pinching the hardened nub severely and releasing you. Getting up to your feet, he helped you with the fastening of your dress. "Can I have my panties?" "No. They're staying with me." He patted the front of his black trousers, after tucking himself in. Squinting, you shimmied the smock down your hips, flickering any stubborn crease off. Peeking over your shoulder to the giant who remained stuck on your ass, you unlocked the door and quietly attempted to escape the lavatory, heels inevitably clicking on the way out as you cursed yourself and unleashed the breath in your lungs once you were free in the antechamber, screeching when Kylo smacked your butt and kept walking, hands in pockets, your purse lodged under his armpit, unceremonious bow-legged flair. You both returned to your table. The immense room appeared even larger as patrons and guests withdrew, leaving hollowed dents at the tables throughout. Ben sat outstretched, right arm over the backrest of your seat, left leg on top of another empty spot, all sweaty from dancing and running around with his kids, opened white shirt posing too much pressure on the third button, like his chest screamed for merciful release, yet he couldn't hear it. Poised, you sat on your chair, the man insignificantly straightening himself, your Master taking his seat across from you while looking daggers at his brother, the youngest triplet retorting with a smug look, the middle sibling coming through the main double door. From the far left corner you saw that same golden-haired femme advancing, glancing at the three of you and resting her hand on Kylo's shoulder to catch his attention. He flinched, head shooting towards the startling vixen, who took her opportunity to kickoff conversation with a giggled apology. Ben spontaneously ogled her, fixing eyes on his brother as he smirked, tipping over you. "Wanna dance?" You stared at Ren. Who stared at his kin. And at you, when not glimpsing at the girl, who took the seat next to him, still chatting in her loud frequency. Drilling holes into the female's temples, you eyeballed the man propositioning you - neck-length, rich dark taupe waves, the concoction of browns in his eyes all three siblings had, his skin, less mole-peppered than Ren's, more than Matt's, the light shadow of incoming facial hair encompassing his lips, a carefree stance of the same breadth they shared. Your owner however was a couple inches taller, muscles much more defined, a powerhouse, while the youngest was well-built, not as big, you thought. Ben looked at everyone like he knew he was going to fuck them. Well, he used to, having cleaned up his act when he found out one of his old girlfriends got pregnant and didn't want to keep anything that was his. But right there he chaffed his minutes-older sibling, egotistical sly smile as he lecherously looked at you and awaited your response. "Let's go." Leaving your clutch on the table, you got up and carried yourself to the dance area, catching a flash of the middle triplet with his date. Desiree and the twins were nowhere in sight. On one hand, you couldn't help but wonder if you'd regret this decision later, on the other hand... it was just dancing. Kylo watched it all from his provisional throne: the last sneer Ben threw him before focusing solely on you, twirling you, seeking to grind on you; his pet, swaying but exhibiting emotional disengagement; his brother Matt, who wouldn't refrain from peeking at you for too long, the girl dancing with him also detecting it and speaking by his ear, in an impartial fashion. Coming to himself he noticed the girl yapping her head off was gone and she had left a model scout business card with a handwritten number in the back. With a heart. Frowning, he sunk the paltry piece of paper in a random glass of champagne two chairs away and kept scrutinizing the dance floor, but as soon as the slow tunes began, the two men and women retreated to their homebase. Capturing your eye, he nodded to the side, silently asking you to take the spot next to him, Ben dropping onto the chair he occupied next to your formal seat, Matt ensuing him and the girl across. The largest of the behemoths shoved his hands in his trouser's pockets, fingers fondling the texture of the panties he had stored there, lazily laying back while he approached your ear. "Had fun?" Taken by surprise, you examined his appearance. And he seemed sincere in his question. You simply shrugged. "My feet hurt. And," quickly looking at the other faces, you pulled your skirt over your knees, four of your digits rubbing the inside of your thigh and being displayed with a thinly spread mixture of his cum and yours, "there's this." Apathetically, he evaluated. "Put them in your mouth and clean them." Seeing as your sight was taken somewhere else, he inconspicuously turned to see his bleach-blonde sibling oblivious to your conversation, but nonetheless aware to the pair of you, causing Ren to repeat his whispered demand. "Suck your fingers clean." With the benevolence of low lighting, you attempted to conceal your actions behind the Lord's massive torso, no apparent manner to make licking your hand a refined gesture, hoping Ben, who was the only one able to see you, would not disconnect from the dialogue with Leona. "All done?" Kylo waited for your shy nod. "Good filthy whore." Notes: No visuals for Ren's suit because I got so detailed (and lazy in my search) that I'm not sure I could find an image of the described suit. This being said, dem visuals are as following: Your dress: overall silhouette and sleeves but with this neckline Your shoes (I do not appreciate the suede though, but up to you): here Your stockings: here Your earrings: Tahitian Black Pearls Matty's suit (forget that tie...): this style but in this color Leona's dress (wrong shade of yellow though): here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 31 : Paucity Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After the event on the second floor, every family member turned in for the night, ascending to the higher levels and matching their cardkey numbers to the doors'. Leia had taken the twins into her quarters, having Ben's room next to hers, and on the other side, Kylo's. Matt split a wall with you on the leftover lateral. After the rush of flying in and getting ready in such little time, you then had a moment to evaluate the room - was sumptuous in its snowy linen corner slipper chairs, sheets and vertical blinds covering wall-length windows leading to the shared lengthy balcony; an immense bed propped on a low grayed birch platform was the centered focus of the boudoir, coordinating grand neoteric washroom extending to the right. Your opened luggage awaited by the fenestræ . For about an hour you could hear the kids' excited babbling and muffled laughter and chatter, on both bordering chambers. Yours was quiet, formal clothes being undressed, makeup being removed at the sit-down vanity. The gigantic male filled the tub and captured your physique to join him. His skin glowed with the dampness of warm water. * In the morning, Ren was out of sorts and knowing he might not want to go down for breakfast, you splashed your face with water, applied a moisturizer and threw a slip-on dress. You curled a jet black strand in a spiral around your index, before your thumb smoothed over the short hairs of his eyebrow and your lips came in contact with the two very fine lines on his faintly oleaginous forehead, the prominent brow bone softening as the darkness of his eyes deliquesced and trailed after your mitigating aura encompassed by the anatomy that captures his veneration and perversion. Arriving at the restaurant floor, you immediately spotted the two tall replicas of the man in your bed by the buffet area, Matt's date from the previous night was already sitting at the table, smiling and waving in your direction once she spotted you. Your own hand lifted towards Leona in a shy gesture, feet taking you to the brothers and the vast array of food choices spread across three long sideboards. "Good morning!" The blonde triplet grinned down at you, which was easily repaid. "Hey, hey! So how have you been?" Ben snaked between you and his older sibling, holding a half-full plate in his enormous hands, plucking crispy bacon from its pile, playfully leaning against you. "Well. How about you?" "Splendid. Is the mopey Sasquatch joining us or did he dick you too hard last night?" A sputtering, choking noise escaped Matt who was chewing on a miniature pastry, coughing and punching his youngest brother on the shoulder, calling him a 'moron' and reprimanding him for the invasive and insensitive question. "What? I'm simply making sure he's taking care of her," he stole another of Matt's tiny tarts and popped it in his mouth, beaming at him and you. " 'Her' is right here and what is it to you, Benny Boy?" Ben masticated with his lips parted, noisily, the half-lidded chocolate eyes raking over your figure, up and down, as he swallowed the contents after. "Didn't hear anything last night...", turning to his brother, "did you hear anything last night?" The middle triplet rolled his eyes and walked away, sitting next to the girl who accompanied him the previous evening and starting to eat. "You were two rooms away, how were you supposed to hear?" "Well, from what I remember seeing in Kylo's browser when we were kids... Plus... I've always assumed you were a screamer..." "Hmm, with your kids in the next room I had to be quiet," you whispered, smiling, and lifted your finger to your lips, lying with all your teeth. He smirked while you filled your plate, Leia and Desiree arriving with the twins, occupying the open seats in the spacious white circular surface, the corner of your eye picking up Ren's broad physique who had indeed decided to come down for coffee, skipping the empty place next to you and sitting alone, however Ben sat between him and the new girl. Suddenly, Ben's little boy got up from his chair next to Cari and grandma, some dark locks of silky hair falling over his eyes, gloomy countenance you attributed to his still dozy state, hesitant small feet carrying him to the uncle he resembled the most, sitting in the lonely chair separating you and Kylo. His nephew stared up at him for some time, everyone else eating and chatting, the most colossal of the giants at the table sipping on his black coffee, grimacing either due to taste or temperature. Then the little hand tugged on his t-shirt sleeve, the titan's attention caught as he proceeded to lower his right ear to Aric's level, murmuring an inaudible reply to him and engaging in a soft spoken miniscule conversation. You observed the scene and felt warm invisible strings pulling at your heart, an icy chill also diffusing across your back. The little girl was all about her grandmother, babbling excitedly about wanting to go to the hotel's pool, which she saw from the room's balcony. Raising her voice slightly, Leia informed the adults about the rooms having been paid for three more nights and said she'd have to leave after lunch time. With the revelation, her oldest son fidgeted in his seat, but got up, deciding to get himself some food. Matt lowered his gaze to the plate ahead of him while aimlessly messing with his eggs. Once everyone finished breakfast, Leona said her goodbyes, withdrawing to her room to retrieve her weekender and leave for the airport, while Matt took the twins to the pool with the rest. You, on the other hand, went up to your own room with Ren for a while, even though you felt he wanted to be alone. There, he yelled, huffed and puffed, complaining about his mom, screaming about how she couldn't even stay a couple more nights with her grandchildren, repeating the same mistakes she made twenty years ago. Names were called, curses were thrown and everything standing atop the desk was launched to the floor as you trembled, not exactly fazed by his actions, but perhaps anger or adrenaline. "If she's leaving soon, shouldn't you be there for them and support them?" He lurched towards you and stopped right in your face, indomitable snarl taking over his features, wild crow-colored tresses matted on his neck. Then darted to the bathroom, slammed the door. You waited. For movement, for sound, for something. Ten minutes into it, the slip-on dress was being removed and your swimsuit was replacing it underneath a sheer coverup, and approaching the washroom's door, speaking in a leveled tone, notifying him of your intentions of meeting them at the pool, the mostly calm statuesque man asking you to wait. Exiting already with t-shirt in hand, he switched jeans for board shorts, shirt for tank and left the room with you, putting his hair up while striding to the outdoor pool. The sun was shining and kids were screaming. You shed you pareo by the lounge chairs where Ben sunbathed and chatted with his mother in a hushed tone and got in the shallow part with the energetic little ones, as well as Matt and Desiree. Ren sat by the edge of the pool, long, strong legs dipped in the water. Ben's daughter climbed onto the tall blonde's shoulders, who fell back, submerging them both. However, she swam out and kept on climbing her playful uncle, enthusiastically shouting 'again!' Her brother drew near you, touching your arm and asking if you wanted to play in the deeper part of the man-made lagoon. Exchanging reassuring looks with Desiree, you then escorted him to said more profound area, his father leaving his spot and sitting by Kylo, who was witnessing the illustration of a not-so-foreign concept. Taking your cue, Matt took his niece towards you, their future stepmom scoring a floating mattress and getting on it with you and the twins, short women and children safe from the deep blue sea monster portrayed by a roaring and splashing Matt. Away from the fun representation, Ben spat to Kylo how he's annoyed with the matriarch, already on her phone and walking further from her family, resuming himself to the silence his eldest brother gifted him. Until the twins scream for daddy and uncle Ky, that is. They both got up and walked to the chairs, Kylo removed his top and hung it on the furniture, running together and bombing into the water, everyone who sat close to it being drenched, including two older couples and three girls, you and Matt delivering apologies to the affected attendants. Instantly, you became self-aware, having glanced at the splayed, tanned society-standardized women watching Ben and Kylo, the monumental sex gods, wrestling in the pool. It all came like a tidal wave. So you played with the kids some more, then excused yourself, dismounting the rubbery floater, swimming to the ladder and exiting as fast as possible. All along, Matt's eyes followed you to dry land. You quickly wrapped yourself in a rental towel and sat on one of the chairs, mentally forcing your feet to not move and run away immediately, preventing some sort of scene. Ben and Kylo approached the kids and the eldest quickly noticed you were gone, Desiree leaving with Cari to use the restroom. Locking eyes, he signaled you, swimming closer to the edge. That was when all the hotties got up and went to sit by the pool in front of him. Adonis looked up at them, with their long extensions, huge shades, fake tans and flat waist-trainer tummies, big rounded tits, tiny thongs pulled so high they were all showing camel toes, and they asked him his name, turning to include his brothers, squealing about how cute the twins were, one of them getting in the pool and wading towards Ben, who grabbed his boy almost as a barrier between him and the danger ahead. Matt gandered between the girls, his brothers and you, propped on the chair, stomach churning, swallowing the unexpected bile down, when Kylo abruptly talked to the nymphs. "I'm busy here." "OHHHHH!" Ben turned to Matt, eyebrows shooting up in reaction to the dissing shut off, laughing away from the event still taking place, when his fiancée returned with his daughter, who rejoins them, getting back in the water. The woman in the man-made lagoon detoured and swam away, wanting to avoid whatever else could happen, seeing as Ben excessively waved to Desiree and the boy in his arms called out for 'mom'. With you still under his spotlight, Ren signaled for you to get back in the water with him. You gave the gargantuan male nothing but a pressed-lip smile, shaking your head, getting up to your feet as your hands pulled on the resting sarong a few seconds after and leaving to your hotel room. Ben's girlfriend had sat close to you and called out your name, but you swiveled briefly and waved her off as politely as you could muster at that moment, Kylo watching you go. She hollered for her fiancé , but Ben needed a minute, letting Aric swim away and turning to Matt. "Don't look at me!" "Don't look at you?! I can see your boner from here, dude, not doin' a great job hidin' behind the floater." Ben quietly mocked his triplet, himself undergoing the exact same unwanted, unbridled effect the amount of breasts and bottoms had provoked. Matt's jaw tensed and a furiously peachy blush spread across his ears and chest. Not having it, Kylo sprung out of the pool to chase you, lunging for one of the rental towels atop the chaise lounges and wrapping himself with it, Desiree's thin eyebrows ascending, wide-eyed in awe, impressed at how low his shorts were riding and how they managed to stay put despite the force he hauled himself up from the water. You had been in the room for half a minute when he burst through the door. "What's wrong?" You shook your head, scowling dismissively. "What. Is. Wrong? Tell me." "I didn't need to be there." "When I call you to the water, you get back. Into. The fucking. Pool," his voice deeper, words terse, looming. "It was family time, Ren. I shouldn't be there." Your smile forlorn. "You should obey me, that's what you should do," he yanked you by the arm to him. "What? Saw the hot girls trying to make a move and felt overridden? Because your legs aren't as long? Because your tits aren't as flawless? Your swimsuit not as tiny?" He walked you back, spitting the words as if he could read your mind, towering over you, two large fists twitching by his side. "I. Was. Calling. For. YOU! " That last word almost roared, his chin quivering, mouth salivating, particles landing on you who still shuddered with your eyes cast down as much as his close stance allowed you. His expression became composed, his jaw moving as he shifted his tongue in his mouth, chewing on nothing. "On your knees." You assumed your position, head bowed. After a few seconds, outside your room, a door opened and closed, something heavy being dragged. Your hands undid the drawstring of his dark, violet to bright rose ombré Hurley shorts, letting them fall around his ankles, big soft dick hanging free. His right index pressed against your forehead and poked you back, eyes meeting his half-lidded ones. "Make it hard and suck it." Precise and imposing. You leaned forth, pressing kisses to the expanse of his shaft, resting your hands on his thighs that he promptly swatted away. So, no hands. You insisted on the kisses, licking your lips, getting some attention to his sac, member laying over your nose and cheek before you realized it was slowly lifting, hardening, your tongue lapping up stripes of musk and saltwater along the scrotum, Ren's breathing now audible. He nudged you back with his knee. "Open." You did as told, jaw slacking, making room for the half-erect cock, lips closing around the head, the skin still giving with your tongue but quickly feeling the rushing blood making it thicker and firmer. Soon he was thrusting his hips into you, forcing you to take more of him. "You're gonna take all of it." You whimpered, almost sobbing around his length, he nodded. "Yeah, you are." Before he kept true to his word, you swirled your wet tongue around his glans, pressing it along the bottom of the shaft as you welcomed him, then popping back up, kissing and sucking his frenulum, clear precum puddling at the top of the slit. While you readjusted in your spot, he took hold of his erection, bouncing it on your lips. You parted them again and he positioned at the entrance. "This is it." His ample hand grabbed your locks tight as he started to ease in, slowly, relentlessly. You gagged and gurgled and he kept going, heavy exhales through his nose. "Swallow i-t... Take it, take it, take it, take it, take it all. Take it all the way down..." Ren stopped when your nose flushed with his skin. You spasmed, oxygen hardly going through your air ways, eyes watering. He pulled half off of you with a moaned curse, prior to start savagely fucking your skull, saliva shamelessly pouring off your mouth, the most absurdly filthy sounds coming from you. Till he dislodged himself from your throat, keeping his spit dripping dick, swollen, red in front of your face. "Kiss it goodbye." You did. "Thank you, Master Ren." He snatched you up by the arm again, practically ripping your swimwear off, letting you stand bare-skinned in front of him for a bit. He then moved, putting his long wet hair down. "You don't own these," his hands captured your breasts, squeezing them in his huge hands, "you don't get to compare these tits with theirs. These belong to me." "Yes, Master Ren." The leviathan kneeled down and caressed your sides, reaching your hips, groping your ass and trailing down your limbs. "You don't get to feel bad about these legs... They're mine. For me to mark." "Yes, Master Ren." He moved his face to your center, thumbs spreading your folds, inhaling your scent in a deep breath. "Think your swimsuit is not stylish enough?" His eyes raised, not wavering from yours, as he unraveled his tongue and licked one-two-oh god-four times, that damned barbell snagging on your hood every single time he did so. "You don't need a swimsuit." "I don't need a swimsuit, Master Ren." He resumed his standing pose, hoisting you up as he step forth and kneeled in the center of the lavish bed, your arms encircling his solid neck, fingertips irrationally playing with the damp curls of sumi . Another door's drowned clunk. The enormous man nuzzled into your collar and spoke, calmly, susurrating by your ear. "Wear your secrets in fearlessness, my precious little whore." You mewled, gooseflesh instantly spreading from your chest cross your body, his warm, soaked tongue lapping at your lobe, teeth soon sinking on it. "Mmmmm, gonna fuck that anguish out of you..." With those words and the aid of two digits, he lined his bulbous head and lowered your pelvis onto him, your face scrunching. "Let go and lie back." You lingered, bewitched. He released your thighs, the weight of your loosened torso pushing you flushed with his lap, as Kylo detached your clasped limbs, one paw intertwining with you hair, tugging your head towards the ceiling and shaking you a bit. "Lie back, bitch! Can't have you feel inadequate..." As he held you by the waist, you leaned back onto the bed, spine curving down as your shoulders, arms and head hit the mattress. Completely sheathed inside you, he caressed all flesh he could reach, hungrily seizing and twisting your skin, lethargically pulling the unforgiving thickness of his member out till nothing but the very tip of it still rested in its legitimate spot. "Who do you belong to?" "I belong to you, Master Ren." "Who owns your body?" "You do, Master Ren." " Why?" Well, he caught you there. "I... don't know, Master Ren." The expression that flashed through his face was one of confusion. And like he was almost... hurt. You didn't know the answer. You didn't know why you were his pet. You didn't know what he saw in you. You didn't know what he felt for you. All you knew was what you wished he did. The longer he waited, the more that sunk in, in both of you. Oblivious. Wishful. And it was making you both weaker, beyond the already resident self-feebleness, jaws tensing to shove tears back into their ducts, lost, lonely souls. His hips snapped into yours with such unwavering strength, a punishing rhythm being chosen from the start, g-spot, c-spot, everything filled in and pushed on and brushed against, pain and pleasure and lack of control, your hands shooting to his own clutching your lower back, nails sinking into the meat. Kylo's head lolled back but he couldn't take his eyes off of your body quaking under him, with the force of his thrusts, the smacks of your bodies together weaving with complaints and curses and cries. Too soon, your whole body was tingling, an unremitting wave sprouting from your womb and stemming to all limbs as if flowing through veins and arteries alongside oxygen-rich blood, the ripples increasing in intensity, muscles taut and the limelight of your lucidity directed at him, like there was only him, because there was only him, with his grunts and gasps and growls. "Cum for me." The bass of the voice that trained you reaching your ears, flooding your senses and enkindling subservience, an overpowering climax overflowing the catatonic martyrdom of your neurotic amorousness. Your body exploded with the acme of paroxysm, incapable of subduing or manipulating any part of your body and of your intellect. Kylo's forceful ramming incessant as he wreathed you, curling over himself, crossing and holding his own forearms tightly around your hips, fucking you the fastest he could, the harshest he could, flying completely off the handle with what he had displayed in front of him, what he heard, what he felt all over him. He was so close and your orgasm was so long. "Ffff-uuughhh! Free it... Ahhh-let it... cohme!" You shrieked and you wailed and you spoke nonsensical things, threatening him, howling disoriented sounds. And under his knees, the comforter dampened, the sonority of both your anatomies together much more liquescent, Ren ebbing three quarters of his desecrating, pulsing cock and witnessing the copious volume of fluid gushing out from in between your puffy, mouthwatering labia. Thirsting, he wanted very badly to attach his mouth to your cunt and guzzle all juices, but the frenzy inside him allowed for nothing more but to sink himself back into you and stuff his seed in spurts deep in your clenching cunt, whimpering deliriously and deliciously. Both your bodies slid upwards on the bed as he pressed on his knees, pushing further inside of you, kissing your neck, panting. "Mmm... You know you're mine," his fingertips brushed your forehead and cheeks, "I chose you and you chose me, don't think I'd throw that away... I wouldn't. I won't." "Ren, I-" Stopping yourself, he gave you time to continue, yet you did not. Instead, reverential digits combed through the humid raven mane, gathering it all to one side over his shoulder, the mollified mountainous man canting into your caress, nudging the plain between your breasts with his regal nose. "I know the way you see yourself won't change... but I thought you knew how I see you..." "You never told me." Words always left unsaid. His chin situated atop your sternum, pensive look setting on his marvelous face, eyes lost somewhere on your skin, prior to dragging himself off of you and getting up on his feet, spent. He threw his shorts back on and opened the balcony door, firm hands encasing the railing as he leaned on it, the unwinding resonance of the waves crashing onto the shore competing with the noise of people at the beach, the ocean air you loved soothing your ravished and satiated figure to rest mystified among rumpled sheets on the huge, luxurious bed. Still, Kylo picked up another sound. Consistent. Muffled. Barefoot, he took a few steps to his left and the fuss seemed to increase in intensity. Paralyzed, he stuck in place before reaching the windows that lead to Matt's room - the sound polluted his mind, wouldn't allow him to ignore it, when all he wanted was to turn around, return to his room and forget it. And then he swore his brother whispered it. Notes: I'm a loser who didn't notice the twin's names are anagrams of each other until after I wrote the chapter after this. I had chosen them at different times and for specific reasons but haven't thought of them together... Lame. But I ain't changing them! I do what I want!!! Now, onwards with the visuals: Slip-on dress (color up to you, I'm always all for black everything): here Ren's board shorts: here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 32 : Prognostication Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia was gone. Ben moved his family to the newly vacated, adjoined room as it was much larger and the twins had been staying there with grandma anyway. At the beach, the two babbling five-year-olds fingerpainted everyone with sunscreen, going from warpaint to frilly flowers and suns, Cari standing in between her uncle's legs, high, curly ponytail swinging as the little one very attentively went over his shoulder and knee scars, the blimp-sized male shrinking and wincing, never prepared for others to make physical contact with him. "Take off yo' glathes, Uncle Ky. I won't hurt you," the young girl informed in a very downhearted way. Astounded by her so matter-of-fact, almost crushed statement, he glided the wayfarers up, pushing his hair back and displaying his face for his niece, furrowing eyebrows as he watched a fat blob of goopy coconut-scented lotion drip from her little index finger as she approached the targeted face-splitting cicatrix. "That's too much," he receded. "It's not," she insisted with a small stoic voice, threatening digit hovering. "Do not put it in my eye, Cari!" "Uncle Ky! I won't put it in yo' eye." "Hmm. Go ahead." Excessively cautious, the child dabbed her tiny fingertip from his jaw to his forehead. And suddenly he remembered when the twins were two and Cari was so frightened of him because of precisely that mark, while Aric, quieter yet braver, didn't even seem to care about the large, salmon-colored fibrous tissue, rather staring at his uncle's narrow eyes, disconcerting him. The girl currently only seemed to avoid the extensive scar that adorned his left flank. "That's enough." "You need a flower, Uncle Ky." "I have enough flowers on my arms, Cari." The child inspected his tattoos, as if for the first time. He was right. "I'll give you an umbrella!" You watched the scene, already sporting the cave paintings the twins bedecked you with - Aric had done an ankh on your stomach, revealing his interest in the kid-friendly book about Egypt he had been cradling earlier that day, and the girl had designed waves on your right leg and a sun on your back. The boy applied the finishing touches to Matt's chest, an authentic pocket-sized Picasso, with his thick lines and exaggerated features at impossible angles. "Just like his family," you mused. Desiree took enough photos to her heart's content, laughing at Ren's exasperated expression, Ben squatted by his daughter, phone in hand, snapping a picture when she at last claimed to have concluded her masterwork, showing it to the oldest triplet. "Cari... it looks like a hotdog on a stick." "It's an umbrella!" He simply blinked at her, everyone else snickering and giggling. "I thaid I'd draw you an umbrella, Uncle Ky! To protect you from the thun! You have flowerth and water, you needed an umbrella!" Her reasoning made all the sense in the world. "... but it's a hotdog." Aric had approached the defaced giant's backside and dragged the corners of said wiener down, turning it into what could resemble indeed a folding canopy of a parasol. If one squinted. Suddenly, his sister rounded the complaining uncle and examined her adulterated art, screeching and bringing two closed young fists down on her brother, their father scooping the writhing, wailing attacker up, while the blonde uncle snatched the shaky, sniffling boy, you and Ben's fiancée checking the little one's face for any lesions. Cari cried and kicked and the youngest triplet walked away towards the breaking undulation with her against his rib cage, returning when she gave up and held on to daddy's neck, putting her down by her twin and pulling the blush-cheeked one from his brother's hold, forcing them to stand in front of each other, gripping their forearms in each of his massive paws. "You don't mess with your sister's drawings. You didn't do it, you don't touch it," he leveled with the boy in a stern timbre, "You don't hit your brother. That's not how you deal with things. Look at his face," he then spoke to the girl. She reached for his teeny palm, hanging at his side, and held it, verbalizing she was sorry in a grieved tone, while he pouted, somber and weepy countenance, the tiny opening of his hooded eyes cast on the sand, the left brow ridge still throbbing a bit, pronouncing his apologies. They hugged and pecked in a pure, clumsy form, taking their spots by their new mom, who offered them water and half a panini each, you taking the male twin's salted, eerie black mane and securing it in a high, fluffy bun, a couple of shorter, unyielding strands falling around the tender features, registering in your head and in your chest as the amalgam of gleaming cool gray and goldenrod tones in his eyes flashed at you. As you and Desiree tended to the little ones, the triplets had gotten up and ambled off, two collected postures and a vastly more casual and jovial stance on their unrushed path to the intertidal zone, apparently conversing according to their body language. The differences between the three of them, from afar, were very few - Matt had his unnatural, customized blonde hair, Kylo had tattoos. Their physiques looked like they were part of an evolving diagram: the bleach-haired brother being the representation of tall and titillating, with his thickness hardly manipulated, toned muscles due to daily task exertion and the infrequent workout, often overlooked in behalf of his lovable, kindhearted nature; Ben had demarcated abs, robust arms and athletic pectorals, clearly swimming and hitting the gym whenever he could schedule it in; Kylo was a bona fide beast, the kind that fits Hollywood Barbarian misrepresentations and video game fantasy, a breathing image of the participants in the Panhellenic Games who would be immortalized in art forevermore, or the embodiment of the gods who they honored. Everyone always glanced at them, whether because they felt intimidated or attracted or intrigued. Dissevering from your contemplation, you attempted ordinary conversation. "So... when is the wedding?" "Oh, we didn't set a date and we're not in a hurry. It's more of a formality, in case they give me a hard time when putting in the papers to adopt these two... since our relationship isn't exactly that looong-established, you know?" "Yeah, yeah, I get it," you offered reflexively, humored by the children's shenanigans. "How about you?" "What about me?" "When are you and Kylo going to get married?" "Oh! No, no, no, it's not... like that..." Shaking your head, you peeked between her and the kids, harmoniously playing in the sand, giving voices to imaginary characters, one hand supported in the air as they kept nibbling on their sectioned Cuban sandwich. "We're not... dating... it's-" "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to butt in, it's just that I always thought you two were steady... You've been together for way longer than I've even known any of them for, so..." "No... I've known them longer than you, but... it's not... that." "Well, whatever works for you guys!" Desiree grinned at you and you felt observed, scrutinized in your tight-lipped simper and nod, lifting your head towards the ocean and meeting Kylo who stood facing you dead-on, his rear turned to the crashing tide, arms folded at chest level as the siblings carried on talking amongst themselves. At that point, Ben dumped the group, shoving his brothers and wading as he entered the water, diving in while the other two looked on, sticking to the parley in the knee-high surf. Matt turned in your general direction as well, lingering, both of them mute for a while, teetering in place prior to scouting their surroundings and engaging back in conversation. "I'm done! I'm going to get water," the boy jumped up and plucked the Pantone -red pail with baby blue handle that was part of a set you had given them through Matt on their third birthday and sprinted to his uncles by the sea. "Waaaiiit!" His sister rushed after him, shoving the last of her food in her mouth, Desiree scolding Cari and yelling for her not to run. The girl continued at a slower pace, chewing and reaching the other family members, one of her hands holding out to Kylo's danger zone as she coughed, him crouching by his niece, a huge limb patting on her back as she braced against the human boulder, his eyebrows scrunching in alarm and fear for a moment. And then she was fine. Matt splashed an exceedingly enrapt Aric, who giggled and hoisted his brimming bucket, uprooting the tiny feet that kept sinking in the wet sand with every backwash and then grasping the teasing uncle's palm. "Wanna come back with us?" The blonde addressed the little girl, occupied with the dark lord's tresses. "Yeth, we're building a tomb and we need help with the tharc- what's the thing?" "Sarcophagus," the boy assisted his twin. Cari locked hands with the mid-triplet as well. Kylo gestured to his brother, indicating he would remain there, and removed his sunglasses, installing them on his sibling's head, plodding through the breaking tide and disappearing into the Aegean color, only his powerful arms rising above sea level as he swam further out. Matt lumbered along with the kids, jabbering and laughing, halting to grant his niece enough time for her to pick up two tiny shells from the shore, resuming the reversing trip, his grin lingering as he looked forward in the women's direction. Notes: Guess who gave Aric the book on Egypt? This is an easy question. The visuals: Ren's sunglasses: Givenchy cause classy fuck Sunscreen: Hawai'ian Tropic Cuban sandwich: usually consists of ham, roasted pork, Swiss cheese, pickles and mustard on hot-pressed Cuban bread (similar to white French bread) Beach toys: here Tiny shells: choose one from here and another one from here Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 33 : Gossamer Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next day was spent in quietness, skipping breakfast and hiding. You both lazed in bed, getting up as late as possible, covering your heads with sheets and arms in a halfhearted attempt to keep the sunlight away. Kylo was the first one to give in, rising to use the restroom, you taking the opportunity to distend your limbs across the immense mattress that almost conveyed the inverse impression when the somnolent mammoth lay on it. You heard the toilet flush but he didn't come out immediately, having found him untangling that messy licorice-colored bedhead of his in front of the vanity mirror, in all his buck naked glory, toothbrush in his mouth. You peed in drowsy silence and regarded him as he washed his face. He watched you wipe yourself and rinse your hands and eyes, then laying a meager glob of toothpaste over the fibers of your own toothbrush, his prosaic periorbital puffiness and tea rose orange-toned, transcendent morning-swollen lips making him look younger. Surprisingly not cherubic - there was always something licentious about him, whether clothes were donned or not. And among those characteristics of his nature that you could name, the indomitable aristocracy of his physiognomy, the omnipotent brawniness of his temperament, the capriciousness faux pas of his ipseity, all stirred and merged becoming one personage, still... there was that magnetic je ne sais quois that pulled your animalism, your obsession, your devoutness and your air out of you. And more: feelings you didn't want to allow, feelings you didn't want to accept. Because what good would it do? Drawing fabric over skin, Kylo headed out to explore and hopefully find food that would appeal to him - the bedroom should double as your dinning room. In the meantime, gratifying solitariness was to be savored. Or not, a low, rhythmic knock on the front door robbing you of peace and nakedness, flooding your throat with anxiety as you pulled free flowing shirt dress over body, measured mousy motions on the way to the enclosure's exposing eyelet. You peeped. And reluctantly opened the door. "Hi!" There was that contagious smile. "Hey!" "Are you okay? You didn't come down for breakfast..." "Yeah, there's so much socializing I can do. And this hotel is huge... Lot of people," the last part whispered, as if anyone could hear it and take offense. Both heads nodded in an unspoken affinity. "Can I come in?", you blinked a couple of times up at him, oddly unsure - in a way, you felt that wasn't your room, but Ren's, like it wasn't for you to decide, yet he continued, "I know he's not in. I heard him going out. The door, the footsteps," Matt's heterochromic eyes fell on the plunging neckline of the sheer cotton gauze hi-lo covering, but quickly returned to your features, watching you taking a long step back and to the right as he walked into the chamber. "Sorry about the mmm-nevermind." "What were you gonna say?" "'Sorry about the mess', but it's stupid to say that. That's a weird social norm isn't it? When someone has visitors and even if their house or whatever is all tidy up, people just feel the need to apologize for some reason? As if it would actually ever be cleaner than that..." "I guess. Not everyone says it though." "Hmm. Perhaps those who have it all under control. Or those who don't care." "You don't care," he sentenced, sitting sideways on one of the slipper chairs, leaning back and crossing left leg over right at the ankle. "I... do..." "But you don't." Complexities. You attempted to straighten the bed with the least amount of visible effort possible and then climbed on it, sitting with your members dangling from the high mattress, feet touching, regrettably aware of the transparency the clarity coming through all surrounding ceiling-to-floor windows was displaying to your friend. "So... Leona, huh? You didn't tell me you were dating!" "That's because I'm not," his clean-shaven chin dipped and eyebrows rose, "just thought perhaps I should have someone come with me this time." "You didn't sleep with her the night she stayed?" "No... my bedroom has two beds. Didn't want my mom to keep asking me when the hell am I getting someone, like it's as easy as a trip to the store, going there and ask for this many pounds of soulmate," he gestured, emphasizing the mass measurements. "But... wouldn't she know there's two beds in your room?" "Nah, she just pays for it, it's her assistant who takes care of reservations, so I talked to her and asked to choose the rooms." "So you chose this room?" Matt slowly nodded, suddenly timorous regarding what you could be getting at. "Thannnk you. It's a very nice room, I like it." His left shoulder shrugged in dismissal. "So why Leona specifically?" "She was the only person I asked? I don't know. I've known her for a while, she's... kind of a friend at work, seems not to be the intrusive type. And she's tall." "Excuse you, got something against not-so-tall people?", feigning indignation, fists propped on your waist. He chuckled. "No, thought about being the brother with the tall date." "So you wanna be different?" He simply pointed at his own deranged hair, highlighting the obvious discrepancy between him and his siblings. "Well, seems like you put an awful lot of thought into this selection process," you scoffed, "ever thought about going on an actual date with her?" "No, she's not my type." "She's not your ' type '... Never took you for a dude with a ' type '." "You might think too highly of me," squinting sideways, he simpered, uncrossing his legs and letting his knees part widely as his stance perked up. Impulsively, you hummed in both acknowledgement and deliberation. The blonde giant got up, turning his back on you and facing the vista, hands shoved in his chinos' pockets, feet apart at shoulders width. Then he stepped outside, got close to the railing and placed his forearms on it, you imitated him on a much smaller scale. After a short silence, you got over your reluctance. "How have you been doing?" You meant far more than the customary meaning and he knew it. Still, he misinformed you in what mattered. "Been alright. Feel like my job is too... much. But that's kinda good to keep my mind busy. And I like what I do. Sorta," Matt sucked his lips into his mouth and pressed on them. "Why do you always wear khakis?" He stared at you, supraorbital ridge crinkled in confoundment. "Wha-I-... I didn't wear them yesterday!" "We were at the beach yesterday! It would have been a little weird if you wore khakis at the beach. We're still basically at the beach," you gestured to the coast line right in front of you, "I think I've only seen you in shorts like... five times, since I met you. What's up with that, office boy?" "What?! That's ridiculous! You've seen me in jeans! I wear jeans! I wear jeans." You laughed at the episode, Matt's expression melting with it. "I'm messing with you...", your right shoulder bumped merrily into his upper arm. "What have you been doing, apart from the sci-fi screenings?" "Ohhh, you should watch! Ah-part fffrom thaaat," he dallied and dragged his words, struggling to recall what he had been distracting himself with in the infrequent downtime, "not much... Hmm, I do get to read on airplanes." "How about your days off? Thought you had a bit more free time now." "I do! I did... I have to stop offering myself for extra hours..." "Do you not want to be at home? Is that it?" The fair-haired man remained quiet, fingernails picking at the skin by the base of his digits on his palms. You twisted on your side and met him, speaking in a flat, tender tone. "Matty... you can stop by, you know? And talk. You know I enjoy being alone, but... you can text me and come by my place if you need to. I care about you. I care about your well-being." Affectionately, you smoothed the shagginess of his Jasmine-hued curls, stroking in gentle gestures, his eyes closing for two-sixtieths of a minute, laryngeal prominence jouncing, he turned to you obliquely against the handrail... then everything stopped, except the sonority of the splashing surf. There was this... ache, this famine and misery across his face, that disagreed with the salacious incandescence in the vibrant blend of browns of his eyes. You could see there was something he wanted to tell you. Then it shifted into a visual conflict with words, undeniably thoughts as well, gaze descending along you, however not truly directed at you, vestibule being bitten internally, precipitated breaths. His fidgeting was generating anxiety in you and, as collectedly as possible, you took his large hands in your own. "Matty..." "Would you be interested in taking walks with me? Sometimes? We can do it in Prospect Park. Sometimes I do that, coming from the library, when I don't want to go back home right away... If you're up for that! I can stop by your house too, I mean... but-" "Don't you think it's too cold now for walks in the park...?" "Well, but that's why it's better! Instead of the four-hundred thousand people that tend to be there, you only see thirty-five thousand!" "Did you just... did math my way?" "Yes, exaggerated and random. I'm trying to get something here." "What is that?" "Trying to get you out of the house." "I have been going out! Look! I'm out right now," arms spread outwards, taking a step back. "You're hiding in a room in another State, that's hardly ' out '." "Okay, but I could've not come here at all..." "Alright, I'll give you that. But I know you don't appreciate feeling like an icicle and you knew Florida was warm... so no, I'm not giving you that one." "My house has man-made heating that mimics this! If you know I don't like being frozen why are you inviting me for these walks in Antarctica?" "Because it's pretty out there!" "Are you insinuating my studio isn't pretty?" "I am not saying that. Your place is pretty. I just thought it would be prettier outside, in the midst of nature and stuff." "I don't want my place to be ' pretty '." "Why not?" "Because 'pretty' is subjective and your definition might not be mine." "My definition might not be yours, but it might be y-" Matt's whole jawline expanded with the strength he applied to his masseters to stop himself from spilling the beans. "Uh... I'll see you later," his feet started leading him towards the door, you automatically chasing him. "Matt." "It's okay. I'm fine. Are you alright?" Perplexed, you shook your head in an ineffective shot at making clear sense of what had happened and how he was reacting and what he was asking you. "Uh... yeah, I'm fine..." "Okay, I'll see you tomorrow, alright?" He suddenly whirled to you and pecked your forehead prior to departing precipitously, leaving you befuddled and stumped in the middle of the bedchamber. And as if the Moirai were watching, your mobile vibrated atop the bedside table. "Cuban food. Jupina, any jarrito or water?" You typed your answer and sent it, sitting back on the mattress. Notes: Chapter's visuals: Reader's covering/shirt dress: here (and a closeup of the fabric in mind cause details are life) (Realized I forgot to offer the room's visuals before, but this is the room and therefore...) Room's slipper chairs: lookie! Matt's clothes: chinos and since we're at it, sweater Drinks mentioned: Jupina (pineapple soda, if you can't tell) and jarritos (yet more soda) Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Chapter 34 : Coterie Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You fished the novel you had brought with you to read on the plane from your small suitcase and opened the balcony door, sun and surf current imbruing your senses preceding you return to the niveous turf, body landing weightily on the broad bed, puissant paws wielding it like a paragon of commodity, property, modeling you in the optimal angled manner to nestle his head on the groove created between lowersection and midsection and breasts, while he cleaned up his inbox and browsed, and you opened the marked page of Crime and Punishment . Felt like a Summer day, albeit indoors, tide crashing many levels below, the briny dimethyl sulfide sea scent, warm waft settling in the room and the partial page lifting before finishing and fully turning it. That and the occasional itch begging to be scratched just for a second, mindlessly being relieved. A couple of hours must have passed before you peeked at Kylo from your paperback, noticing he had discontinued the use of his phone, having deposited it at his side and plainly reposing on you, eyes listlessly shut, able arms loosely propped on his abdomen, as if he slept. You pinpointed the progression on your book and set it down by the silky, floral-white pillow, watching him: voluminous mane widespread over your flank, tickling as you respired, chapped, ridged lips of the poutiest of the mouths, limning a sulking, sorrowful kid, which he was, relaxing lids with a teensy fold - that was coming with age, you remembered when that crease wasn't there at all whenever he closed his eyes - and a golden glow under the fading tinge of threatening sunburn across his Roman nose and subtle cheeks, his embossed scar a couple of shades darker than its usual. Motionlessly, he gathered the habitual inundation of saliva in his mouth and swallowed, a drowned, little and low click coming from that spot between the back of his throat and the back of his nose, actually caused when air dislocated with a slight movement from the back of the tongue... nasopharynx resonance. Your fingers submerged in the inky ocean of obsidian waves, pads and nails pressing and dragging on his scalp in slow motion, a deep inhale from the prodigious male and a cut-off suspired whimper of indulgence escaping his voice box. A quick smile flashed through your countenance. Right then you felt lucky - your depression and despair perpetually present, but right at that moment they were simply playing in the background, like an agonizing, penetrating oboe and a visceral accordion, as if the specters of two lovers tangoed through perpetuity in a massive, echoing hall, cheerful in its sadness, an absurd dissonance out of the many others that composed your spiritual singularity. Ah yes, you felt lucky, with the warmth of his body on yours. Barely moving his eyes, Kylo glimpsed through the eyelashes on his portside and moved from your torso up to the pillow touching yours, hauling your frame along and embracing you, dextral arm fitting under your neck like Lego blocks, two pairs of legs intertwining. He sighed intensely upon finding the perfect position, strong pulses going throughout the both of you. "You smell nice," he spoke into your hair after a while. "I didn't shower last night." "Mmm... That's why... You smell like you." You had yet to find someone who matched you as much as he did. His scent, his real scent, was inebriating to you - the earthy conglomeration of oakmoss and labdanum that constituted the odor of his scalp, the acerbic saliferous musk smell of his sweat, the very vague, almost creamy, dull essence of his hands, the active acrid aroma that steamed from his genitalia, his protein, peptide and amino acid byproduct balmy breath, the unequivocal, unmistakable chemical composition that not only made him a human, but the exact configuration of the elemental construction that made him Kylo Ren. You loved it all, calming at times, enticing on others, but always comforting, always safe. "Don't shower tonight either. Only wash these," he gently prodded your holes with the tips of his left hand's digits. Momentarily pulling away from you, he licked his fingerpads and repositioned the same hand back on the cleft of your ass, lightly smearing his spit on your tightest orifice, almost abstractedly. You leaned your head back far enough to observe the dozy Colossus. Then brought the very tip of your middle digit in contact with his face, beginning a strikingly slow pattern of caressing every millimeter of skin, every pore and every bristle on his visage, employing the most delicate of the touches, his eyelids torpidly heavy to split open. "Hmm... No... You'll put me to sleep." "Good... You need a nap," you murmured, persisting with your soothing sorcery. "No... Stop i-oh, scratch right there," he solicited your aid in a sudden tingling twitch as you glided your extremity over his upper lip, your nail scraping the blooming hairs on the left corner of his mouth, the satisfying sound of beard grinding generating goosebumps, "Mmm, -t's good... don wanna ssslee..." "Shhh..." His monumental anatomy ultimately sagged into the mattress, you sculpting yourself around and into him, beholding his facial traits up-close, scanning the staggering structure of the semblance's surface, interminably and indomitably infatuated with the template of texture and tint. So close you couldn't restrain yourself from treasuring the palpebral millium on his left eye, as if indicating the exact spot where the inner third of his opening should end, or begin; upper feathery eyelashes set on lower ones, tranquilly; the tussocks of supercilium on the protruding brow ridge, scanty as they marked their path outwards; the tiny beauty mark by his nose - he had so many incredible ones, but in that moment you were fixated on a specific Kobicha-hued mole, that practically hid in the penumbra of his eastern alar facial groove. That one. It was so quiet. * The following day, he ravished you like a wild animal loaded with testosterone and fighting for his life. And so you had to wrap the scarf you had taken to wear upon landing in the cold Empire State around your neck in the far-too-warm-for-Winter Florida, as well as sporting one of the long sleeve knits taken with the exact same purpose when Ben and his little family decided to be helpful and drop you, Kylo and Matt at the airport for the flight back you three would be on. The remaining brother had taken a few extra days off from work and would be driving his way back up the country to Massachusetts. As soon as the youngest triplet parked, the twins jumped out of their forward-facing car seats after you helped them unbuckle their harnesses from your centered position in between the both of them, Cari impatiently struggling, but thanking you once she was freed. Aric had waited imperturbably for his turn, studious of your fingers and where they pressed and what they pulled, then blinking up at you with the most darling, sullen expression, stealing a genuine smile from your lips, himself coyly grinning in return. Everyone walked together from the parking complex to the departure area, since the kids wanted to see the inside of the airport and say their goodbyes there, Matt getting down on his knees to hug and kiss his nephew and niece, your Master standing, resisting at first, but caving in and crouching to let them embrace and smooch him, clamorous pitches of Uncle Matts and Uncle Kys thrown around. "Alright, you punks! They have to go!", Ben warned the children, hoping they would conclude their babbling. "Uncle, were you theriouth about camping?", Cari excitedly tugged on the blonde's independence blue-toned V-neck t-shirt. "Yeah, but not anytime soon! It's too cold! You would turn into a popsicle! Brrr!", he emphasized his words, squeezing his niece's arms against her body, eyebrows shooting up at the little human metaphorical block of ice, who parroted the sound, chortling. "Kids! I am not joking!", Ben smacked Kylo's shoulder blade as they enveloped each other sideways. Aric stretched upwards to you, his little face following the action so he could kiss you as you lowered to his level. He dipped his young fist in his jeans' right front pocket, and in between his fingers was the elastic you had used to put his jet black, thick locks up at the beach, his mouth approaching your left ear and a soft whisper of appreciation was delivered. "Keep it," you susurrated in return, "it's Uncle Ky's and he has a lot of them." The boy smiled and you winked at him. Desiree hugged you and the girl full on yanked your arm, pecking the corner of your mouth before her father hauled her up and licked his lips, kissing your right cheek with his own mouth open, leaving the whole side unnecessarily wet, gaining a protest and a smack on the forearm still lingering on you. Grabbing your bags, the three of you started walking towards the TSA security screening lines. "Bye, Auntie!", Cari yelled. Notes: I can write an epic poem to each and every single microscopic spot on that man's body. I had to restrain myself. The kids are not alright. "The kids" are my neurons and synapses. Not Cari and Aric, who live there. Those are alright. Any HCs related to Ren's physique, skills and further --> here Any HCs related to Matty's physique, skills and further --> here Notes: Thank you kindly for taking time to read the stupidest thing ever. I'm trying. So sorry if you don't have patience for people who aren't consistent updaters. It's a word now. And this is just a warning in case I disappear. Remember that you're worth it, you're talented and loved. <3 Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Geez, Kylo... series Next Work →