The Prologue Vibrant, vicious flames crackled and roared through the night. They spread within seconds, consuming everything--buildings and persons alike--in its path. Screams of terror and agony followed its trail. Smoke and ash filled her healthy lungs. Her jaw dropped, letting out a pleading gasp for air. Her green eyes snapped open, revealing the chaos to her. She was on her back, laying on the cold cobblestone ground. The attack was unexpected, so sudden. No one thought the war raging on between the First Order and the Resistance would come to this little village. Their village, their planet, was insignificant in their eyes. Yet, here they were at the mercy of the First Order as their Stormtroopers tore their home apart. No money or resources lured them. No, they were here for expendable manpower. Their target: only the promising children, some too young to remember where they had come from, that showed potential in becoming a part of their army of Troopers. Her body shot up, a tad bit too fast. A sickening feeling punched her gut, and she found herself bent to her side, groaning in pain. Her head was throbbing and her vision blurry. However, her familiarity with her surroundings told her she was hidden amongst a mound of debris, which had been the result of a crumbling wooden home. Fuzzy dark silhouettes dashed across her line of sight. They were chased down and shot at by figures in armored white suits. Danger. She was in danger. Instinct shouted over the ringing in her ears for her to run and hide, but… Where was her brother? Coughing hoarsely in an attempt to clear her chest cavity, the redheaded young woman struggled to stand, her center of gravity unbalanced. She squinted her eyes against the gusts of ash-filled wind. “Kraz!” she called, teetering between hushed and high pitched. She wanted to find him, but she could not do that if she was caught. “Kraz, where are you?!” Stumbling, she wandered past the continuing wreckage, shrouding herself as best she could in the shadows. Her head whipped this way and that. Where was he? Fretful thoughts pounded inside her already hurting head. Was he injured? Was he dead? Was he taken ? “Ralla!” A rough, masculine voice boomed behind her. A heavy hand thumped upon her shoulder, causing her to turn around as she was rushed into a hiding place behind even more rumble. It was Nooma, the burly man who, along with his recently deceased wife, had taken care of the orphaned siblings. “What are you doing?! Do you want to be killed?!” Her lip quivered as she vigorously shook her head. “But K-Kraz..I have to find my brother!” she insisted, fighting the older man’s protective grip. “If they haven’t taken him, they’ve killed him! It’s already too late!” “Nouma!” The voice of another male, though unknown to Ralla, hissed from the distance to their left. He waved his hand in a small, yet noticeable gesture. “We found an escape route! We can make it out of here!” Ralla’s heart jumped. They could survive? However, the elated feeling she had left as soon as it came. “I’m not leaving without my brother! What if he’s still out there! He could be out there, scared! He needs me!” Nouma’s calloused hand tugged on her wrist, which he held in a vice-like grip. “Aren’t you listening to me, foolish girl?!” he scolded in exasperation. “We have to go! Now come on!” Despite her struggles, he was too strong for her. As she was dragged unwillingly after the two men, who were then in turn trailing after another group of villagers, her head twisted back towards the blazing inferno. Light reflecting from a chrome suit of armor caught her interest. Blaster held at the ready in her hands, Captain Phasma’s helmeted gaze swept over the handiwork of her Troopers. She was not one for reckless killing herself, but under the commands of both the General and the Commander, she had no choice but to obey. Collect a group of potential soldiers and leave the rest of this small civilization to rot. The First Order could not function to its full capacity with a shortage of its militant staff. “Captain,” a Stormtrooper addressed respectfully. He was accompanied by another Trooper. Between them they cuffed a small, redheaded boy by the arms. The boy tugged and fought in their grasp, though it was ineffective. “We have retrieved another one. He should be the last.” “Good,” she approved, nodding her head. Her helmet tilted down in the boy’s direction. There was a fire in his eyes that she found admirable for such a young child. “What is your name, child?” “Kraz Muscat!” he huffed, puffing out his chest in an attempt to appear tougher. He stuck out his tongue. “You don’t scare me! My sister will beat you up!” The two Troopers chuckled, mocking the boy and stirring his irritation. “Is that so?” Phasma replied, humoring the boy. “If she isn’t dead already, I’d love to see her try.” Dead? In that moment, it finally hit the small boy what type of situation he was in. His face and clothes were dirtied with ash and soot. The place he called home was burning to the ground behind him. His sister was nowhere in sight. Tears began to prickle at the corners of his eyes, and he bit his lip to repress the quivering in his lip. Straightening back into proper posture, the chrome plated captain turned on her heel and headed for the entry ramp of the First Order ship. “Come on, runt,” the Trooper to Kraz’s right ordered, nudging him roughly with the end of his blaster. “Time to go.” The Trooper to his left then yanked him forward towards the ship, bringing the boy out of his stupor. “No, no! Lemme go!” he begged, beginning to struggle once more in their grip. His head twisted and turned, trying to find a certain familiar face within the shambles of buildings and dead bodies, nor within the faces of the silhouettes being chased and rounded up in the distance. “Ralla! Ralla, please! Help me!” Ralla and her companions were almost to the hidden bunker when she heard it--her name being called in desperation, by a voice she could never misplace. Digging her heels into the dirt, she loosened her wrist from Nouma’s grasp. “Kraz?!” Her voice cracked slightly as she attempted to raise it above the noises of death and destruction. Ignoring Nouma’s plea for her to return, she raced to the stone ledge of the walkway they had been traveling on and peeked over its ridge. Her eyes widened. “Sister!” her brother cried repeatedly as he was being dragged away. He had not seen her, his eyes shut tight as he thrashed against his enemies. With an annoyed growl, the Trooper to his right knocked him over the head with his blaster, finally shutting him up. Kraz’s tiny body fell limp with unconsciousness. “No!” she screeched, fumbling to reach her leg over the ledge. However, Nouma had pulled her back. “It’s no use! You’ll get killed!” he hissed. He then lifted her into his arms, her fighting leaving the burly man uneffected. With the sealing of a hatch, disguised as grass and dirt to match the ground, she was unwillingly inside the bunker tunnel with the rest of the survivors. The Troopers successfully brought Kraz onto the ship, where he and several other children with ‘potential’ were to be transported to Starkiller Base and forced into training. Most were around Kraz’s age or younger, some slightly older. With their ages, it would be easier to conduct the process of repressing their memories, so everything and everyone they once knew before would be long forgotten by the time they were sent onto the battlefield. Angry, warm tears streamed down Ralla’s cheeks. Kraz was the only family she knew she had left. A deep, painfull chasm tore through her heart at the thought his abduction. Her back was against the cold floor of the tunnel as the group decided to rest for the night and mourn in peace. Arguments broke out on where they would go from here. Some wanted to fight, to call the aid of the Resistance. Others wanted to stay behind and start over in the next village miles and miles away. Their ordeals muffled under Ralla’s vengeful thoughts. Her piercing glare aimed up through the ceiling, to the starlit space where she knew the spaceship soared off with her brother in tow. She did not know how, nor did she know when, but there was one thing she knew for certain: she would find him. “Don’t cry, Kraz,” she whispered softly to the heavens, conviction in her words. “They can’t keep you forever. I’ll come for you, and when I do, I’ll make those First Order scum pay...” Notes: ...And with that the Prologue is finished! I really hope you all like the story so far! I love hearing feedback, so I encourage you to comment what you think!