1. When they had just started the escape pod, the hologram appeared. "General Hux, you spared every encounter we have, don't you think that will hurt the pride of a lady?" said Rey, pretended to be upset. "Princess, we’re in a hurry." Hux extended his right hand to hold Ben Solo, who was nearly collapsed, and attempted to close the cabin door by the other hand. "My dear cousin, why so quiet?" Rey said with a tone of singing. “Well, he has come into close contact with your welcoming salute.” Hux hoped that Ben did not hurt badly, in fact he might even had heard the noise between moaning and cursing, "if you don't mind—" "Hold on, Hux, " Rey seemed serious, "what do you want for leaving Kylo?" Hux was annoyed by what it had implied, "Listen, Sith apprentice, the Resistance will not be intimidated—" "Supply? Starship? Fortress on the Western Route?" She continued, "I heard you lost a lot medical supplies on Ryloth." What she had said was the truth. At the moment Ben had regained consciousness, and his eyes were fixed on the image of Rey. Hux quietly thought for a few seconds, "Four units of medicine, without the tracker. I’ll know if they are trailed." "Five units, plus a unit of standard replenishment." Rey said, fairly generous. "Deal." Hux answered without hesitation. Six pods of supplies delivered from the Star Destroyer immediately. Ben looked to Hux suspiciously, he did not quite understand what the General had just said. "Good-bye, Ben." Hux exited from the escape pod, "and good luck for the trip!" Ben was ejected out, and confused. Between Hux and him, across the eternal vacuum. 2. Unusual wings sounded above the Resistance base, the crew looked up shortly then back to their work. After all, it was not an easy job to fight against the Empire. The leader of the base put away his datapad, waited aside by the tarmac. "Four units of medicine? Hux, seriously?" Ben came down from the damaged TIE fighter, the helmet made his voice buzzing, "I bet Rey was willing to give eight pods if you had the guts." "Welcome back." Hux eyed the Jedi Knight up and down, intact four limbs, fresh complexion, and wearings were quite...imperial, "To be honest, I was not sure if the charm of Kylo Ren has been compromised for our beloved Princess after he had become a Jedi." "Shut up." Jedi should remain peaceful, but not for Ben, at least not for now. He took off the helmet and throw it on the ground, scared the courier droid next to them. "This recorded Luke Skywalker’s last coordinates, combined with the rest archives we intercepted before, we may set the navigational chart of the new death toy of Empire.” Ben pulled out a holocron, the frame was decorated with ornate gold, inside as if there is a starry galaxy. "I've got it in my head.” "If you had already memorized the content, why bothered to bring it back just to increase the risk?” Hux asked dryly. “A gift for Millicent." Ben ignored the ungratefulness, “Where is your cat, General? I haven’t seen her following you around, did you sell her out for supplies too?" “Climate here is too dry, I sent her back to D'Qar. And to be fair, Millie won’t take so long to escape." Hux grabbed the holocron and headed to the command center. “How’s the family reunion? It looks like our Mother Empress fed you well, you apparently enjoyed yourself for two whole weeks to come back." "Terrible!" Ben rolled his eyes. "It couldn’t be worse! You‘d better have the medicine for headache in those you sold me out for, I need a lot." "I thought Jedi Masters do not need medical aids." Hux said, kept walking. Ben caught up his pace, “By the way, my mother said you should consider her proposal." "Oh." Hux replied softly. "What was this truce proposal anyway? You didn’t finish last time." Ben swore he glimpsed a faint smirk on Hux’s face. Hux speeded up, let out a laughter. "Haven't you heard? She had suggested me to be your stepdad.” FIN.