Almost Unreal Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Fire melted into ashes on the horizon. The dark ocean bled into the sky, dyeing it an enchanting shade of blue. Rey sat watching the sunset, just like every night. It wasn’t something she got to experience on Jakku. It had been too hot to really enjoy anything, and even though the bringing of night took the edge off, it never looked like this. As the cool sea air washed over her, she closed her eyes and smiled. At times, it was a little too cold for what she was used to. Luke had looked at her incredulously when she had sat wrapped in a blanket during spring. Now, in the height of summer, it was pleasant. She had despised summer on Jakku. It was so blistering that she could hardly breathe. Her mind wandered to what summer nights would be like on Takodana. She may have only been there once, and just for a few hours, but it was by far her favourite climate. Rey bristled as she remembered another weather she had discovered not so long ago. She had only ever imagined snow. Cold, white and unforgiving. So beautiful. A shiver ran up her spine now whenever she imagined the kiss of frost against her skin. Because every time she did a figure cloaked all in black appeared in front of her. The worst part was that she couldn’t decide whether that shiver was from fear or anticipation. Shaking the thought away, she languidly moved her wrist, channelling the energy inside her. Three stones resting beside her rose into the air and came to rest in her eye line. Their smooth surfaces reflected the dying sunlight, making them shine like jewels. The way they leisurely spun in the air, mirroring the way her index finger swirled, was almost hypnotic. This was almost all she could do when it came to telekinesis. She was much more potent in mind tricks and telepathy. The stones suddenly dropped when she heard movement behind her. Rey whipped around to face the intruder, hand already grasping for her staff. The intruder held up his hands, one normal pink flesh and the other a shining metal. She sighed. Her shoulders slumped in relief as her master came to stand beside her. “You’re still so jumpy.” Luke said matter-of-factly. “Scavenger trait.” Although they had known each other for just under six months now, she and Luke barely said a few words to each other at a time outside of training. She had never been in the company of another person for so long that mostly she didn’t know what to say. He still didn’t completely trust himself after what had happened at the Academy. That was the only subject they had ever broached in detail and even then his words had been clipped with regret. Rey knew enough to understand how he felt. Ben Solo, Luke’s nephew and best student, had arrived when he was young. Too young, perhaps. Luke had trained the boy well, but had taught him to control his emotions. That had been something that Ben struggled with, repressing his emotions so he often lashed out at his other students. Luke sensed darkness in him and was afraid, so he decided to train Ben separately. But that had only led to his wayward journey to Snoke’s side. Luke blamed himself for his nephew’s conversion, and in turn for the death of his beloved friend Han Solo. They stood together watching the sun say its final goodbye until morning before descending from the cliff side to the vast array of huts dotted along the island. Luke said a quick goodnight to her before ducking inside the largest hut, almost at the very top of the hill. Rey returned the gesture before carrying on down the many steep steps. She would have chosen a hut close to her master’s, except all that was left of them were small piles of rubble. A great amount of the huts were in disarray, the ceilings falling in or there being very little wall left. Her hut was about halfway down. It wasn’t large and it stood alone on a little overhang of the cliff. Despite its lack of space, there was something quite homely about it. On Jakku, the makeshift home in her old AT-AT was cramped, with little room to move. It was why she often ate outside. It had been so far out in the desert that no-one disturbed her. This hut was just the same and though it had its similarities to her former scorching prison of a planet, she loved how she didn’t feel alien in it, like she had everywhere since she left Jakku. Sometimes, she wanted to go back to that junkyard to pack her belongings. It felt like a waste to leave everything she had collected over the years to rot. Especially her treasured X-Wing Pilot’s helmet. Resting her staff by the door, she stripped down to her night-dress and crawled into the small cot. It was comfortable, despite its haggard appearance. She had closed the hanging over her door but left the window free to let the cool air brush over her skin. It wasn’t long before she drifted into a soundless sleep. ** The forest started to thin as Rey ran through it. It was refreshing to be able to get exercise for the fun of it, rather than necessity. The trees were tall and towering, their dazzling green leaves creating thick shafts of sunlight to burst onto the forest floor. It was warm on Rey’s skin, but not unbearably so. Takodana, she thought, recognising the place. She smiled fondly as her legs came to a halt in a clearing. Catching her breath, she stood in the sunlight, soaking it in. He was watching her, though she couldn’t see him. It was fascinating, to see her enjoy the light so much. He couldn’t quite understand it; he had thought she would hate the sun, coming from Jakku. He wasn’t fond of intense sunlight himself, but the kind of warmth he felt when he saw her smile was unparalleled. It disturbed him greatly when it flooded his chest. Rey twirled in the clearing, darting in and out of the shafts of light. She had never really known how to dance but she supposed this would be what it would look like. Her footsteps took her across the clearing quickly, carrying her towards what sat in the shadows watching her with a smirk. He stood slowly. He wanted to move towards her, take her in his arms and dance with her until moonlight. Anxiety stopped him in his tracks, pounding in his heart and drying up his throat. She was coming closer. What would he do if she caught him? That was when her eyes darted into the forest, locking on his exact spot. She came to an abrupt standstill, surprise coating her soft features. To his disbelief, there was no fear in her eyes, no hate in the way her mouth quirked up at the corners. Her feet moved towards him. Rey couldn’t believe what she was doing. She was moving without thought towards the shadow. The man who had attacked her, hurt her friend, killed the only man she could have ever considered family. His own father. And now the man who had watched her dancing, like predator stalking prey. But her feet kept going. She wondered what he was doing there. In her dream. From what she remembered, he kept turning up. Every dream she had he would be there. It unnerved her. It wasn’t like she spent all her waking hours thinking about him. Yet there he was. Each dream got more vivid. He would get closer and more prominent. And every time she would move towards him, without telling herself to. It was like there was a magnetic pull between her body and his. She may have been scared that he was there, but she was more terrified that she didn’t even mind. The two met in the middle, at the threshold between the light of the clearing and the darkness of the forest. Neither said anything. They didn’t have to. Their hearts beat in time with each other; their thoughts melded together, as if they were two halves becoming a whole. Rey stared at him. He stared at her. With every second, they were getting closer. Levitating towards each other like a moon orbiting its planet. Tentatively, their fingers met between them. Her soft skin touching the harsh calluses on his hands, uncovered for once. When she touched him, she felt a calm wash over her. His deep obsidian eyes bore into her. They were gentle, making her melt into his gaze. She felt herself moving closer still, though there was not much room left. Any closer and they would be… The dream faded away. ** Rey woke with a start. Her breathing was ragged as she tried to draw in enough air. By the Maker, what the hell was that? The blankets on her bed suddenly became a suffocating mass of cloth. She threw them off and ran outside. The cold air assaulted her, knocking the breath out of her again. She kept running without direction. Running until her legs couldn’t take it anymore. Her knees buckled beneath her and she collided with the ground. Her lungs burned. Her eyes watered with the harsh wind. She couldn’t comprehend what she had been doing. What she had wanted. Squeezing her eyes shut, she tried to block out the images. There was something wrong with her. There had to be. She shouldn’t be dreaming about him. Not about her worst enemy. She hated him. Hated. At least she thought she did. So why did she feel lost without that connection? Her whole body was still shaking by the time Luke emerged at daybreak. Rey sat on the cliff side, her knees pulled up against her chest, shivering. Luke approached her quietly and wrapped his thick brown robe around her shoulders. Anyone else would have assumed she was just cold, but the Jedi Master knew better. He didn’t stay. For a few moments, he stood stoic beside her, apparently waiting for her to explain. She kept her mouth firmly shut. Out of everyone she knew, Rey trusted Luke the most, even more than Finn. But it wasn’t something she could share with the old man. She could barely put it into words. So he trudged away, going to find breakfast. The sun had already travelled a great portion of the sky by the time Rey got up. She had missed breakfast and her stomach was grumbling. Luke had started a fire that was now dying away as the embers fizzled away. Damn, she thought, even though she was used to eating very little. Ever since she had come to Ahch-To, she had eaten far better than she ever had on Jakku. Her disappointment melted away when she saw Luke had left some cold eggs for her. Smiling, she sat beside what little warmth the fire still offered and dug in. The eggs weren’t as delicious as the food on Takodana that Maz had given her. That had been rich in both flavour and moisture. It had been the first time she had ever tasted fruit. She vowed that she would taste it again in her lifetime. The discomfort in her gut eased as she ate, but it opened her up to another agony. Pain lanced through her head, causing her to drop the remaining eggs into the fire. She cursed herself but didn’t have time to think on it. It shot through her head again and she screamed. It kept getting worse and worse. She felt a hot, metallic liquid running into her mouth. Tears seared down her cheeks as she tried desperately to shove it out. Screaming again, she fell to her knees. The skin there was already sore and the impact shredded the skin. It hardly compared to the searing pain in her mind, like something was mauling at her insides. ‘Get out of my head!’ A wave of something like the slamming of a door rippled through her and the pain stopped. It just disappeared. Opening her eyes, Rey stood on shaky legs to see Luke rushing towards her. She reached up and wiped the blood from her nose before he could see. “Are you alright, Rey?” He asked, voice coming in short breaths. He had been in the temple, she realised, and had ran straight here. It moved her that he would abandon his meditation for her. “I heard you screaming. I came straight away.” Luke was wide-eyed, gaze darting about like he was expecting an assailant to jump out of the shadows. She laid a hand on his arm and said, “Yes, I’m fine. I just had the strangest feeling.” His shoulders sagged in relief but he still looked weary. Taking her hand, he pulled her down to the log seats he had fashioned around the fire. “What do you mean ‘strange feeling’”? Rey took a deep breath. “I was just eating. I wasn’t doing anything out of the ordinary. And this awful pain went through my head. It was like there was someone in there, tearing it apart. It hurt so much and it kept getting worse.” Luke looked pensive. His usually faraway gaze was even further afield. She couldn’t decide whether he didn’t want to tell her or if he really didn’t know, which one scared her more. Eventually he turned to her and sighed, patting her hand. The metal of his was cold to the touch. It was like being comforted by a droid. Her heart dropped a little, missing her orange-and-white friend. “I don’t know what to tell you, Rey.” Luke said softly. “It could be many things. Some of which aren’t worth mentioning, but I think the most likely is a dark side user is trying to get into your head.” The Jedi Master didn’t have to specify what dark side user. She already knew who he meant: Snoke. A terrifying chill settled over her. But that didn’t explain the voice. A voice she knew all too well. If he had been trying to get into her head, she would have been able to shove him out, like last time. It hadn’t been him, she was sure, but it had been his deep, commanding voice that had yelled at her to get out. And why would he have made such a request if he wanted to get into her head? Luke was still speaking when she returned to the present. “Do you remember what I taught you? About controlling your thoughts?” She nodded. “You have to push up the barriers around your mind, no matter how hard they try to get through. If they do, you have to hide what you don’t want them to see.” “I don’t think he saw anything.” She whispered. Luke slowly nodded. “Are you going to be okay? I must return to my meditation before we start training for today. You should prepare too.” Rey nodded a silent agreement. He couldn’t stay with her for long in the morning, she knew that, but she wished he would. She unwound his cloak from around her shoulders and handed it to him. Luke squeezed her hand one last time before departing. Sighing, she started to clear up her dropped food. The menial work almost took her mind off the man who seemed to clog up her thoughts. Almost. Notes: So there's my first chapter. I hope you enjoyed it! Please leave comments and kudos, all are very welcome and I hope to get back to you as soon as I can. I will post the next chapter soon! Chapter 2 : One Step Closer Summary: So, here's a bit of Kylo POV. I promise the plot will get going properly soon enough. Notes: This is the fastest I'm probably going to update. I hope to post new chapters every few days, but I've just started college so it might take a bit longer. Please don't hate me! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Kylo Ren.” The Supreme Leader’s voice boomed through the conference room. It sent chills down Kylo Ren’s spine, like it did every time. His master’s face was contorted in frustration. This was not going to be good. “What have you found?” Snoke had challenged Kylo to find the scavenger girl, who they both knew was training with his old master Luke Skywalker, through his Force bond with her. The Supreme Leader had explained to him that a Force bond was a connection forged in a moment of great emotional distress between two Force-sensitives of great – and equal – power. Kylo figured that it had formed when they had waged war inside each other’s heads. It was the only explanation as to why she had been able to challenge him during their battle on Starkiller Base. It still unnerved him that her handling of his grandfather’s lightsaber was extraordinarily similar to his own. The Supreme Leader had not been happy to learn the untrained scavenger had bested him in battle. Kylo had been unprepared for her incredible Force abilities, that was why he had lost. That and the indisputable fact that he had been seriously injured. Snoke seemed to think that he had in fact lost because he held compassion for the girl. Kylo refused to accept this, and yet a part of him feared his master was correct. Whether it be for finally finding an equal, for finally finding someone who might understand his turmoil, or whether it be for reasons he daren’t acknowledge, he didn’t know. The Supreme Leader had tortured him for it, killing him slowly with agonising amounts of pain while he continued his training. He had endured it all, hopeful it would help him shut out his guilt and remorse. In some part, it had. He had hardened and become stronger in his dark side powers. But it had made a chunk of him hate his master, fear him more than he ever did. The only consolation he had was that Snoke would not end his life for risk of losing his connection to Skywalker and his Padawan. Through the mechanical rasp of the mask distorting his voice, he replied coolly “The girl is extremely talented in shielding her thoughts, master. I have not yet been able to locate her. However, I do know that she is becoming stronger with the Force. Skywalker is teaching her at an alarmingly slow rate, but should she be willing to learn your ways, she would be an invaluable ally.” “I already know that, Ren. One day, I sense, she will be even stronger than you. You should pray that day does not come soon.” Snoke growled. Kylo Ren swallowed back his anger; he knew what his master meant. At this point in time, the Supreme Leader would be more than willing to replace his apprentice. Snoke held out a hand, gently flicking his wrist. Pain bolted through Kylo’s head. He winced, shaking on weak knees. He still hadn’t recovered completely from Snoke’s relentless onslaughts of the last six months. Steeling himself for the hot waves of agony, Kylo shielded his thoughts, bolting the door to his past. It was the only part of his mind he hid from his master, though Snoke knew it all. Despite his faults, Snoke was courteous enough not to look. In the final moments before he fell to his knees as Snoke invaded his head, Kylo remembered to close the door on his conflicting emotions about the scavenger. And about his father. The Supreme Leader combed through his mind, tearing apart every memory he had of the girl. The dream he had the previous night seemed of particular interest to him. He could hear his master chuckling darkly at the way he had looked at the girl… Kylo screamed somewhere outside his consciousness as Snoke tortured him for it. Kylo couldn’t understand why he was having such dreams. They happened more and more frequently with every passing week. Each time they grew stronger, like the Force was sending them to him, practically shoving them down his throat. He knew that she was experiencing them too, hating him and herself more and more with each one. He could feel her now, shivering from the experience. The Supreme Leader flicked his wrist again, making Kylo’s agony refresh. “You can feel her. She’s there.” Snoke pushed further. Soon his screaming was matched by another voice. A girl’s voice. Her crying harmonised with his. Snoke smirked at her sudden solid presence, plunging through Kylo into her. ‘No.’ Kylo yelled. ‘No!’ He wasn’t sure why he was protecting the girl. Maybe it was the way her heart screamed for it to stop, perfectly matching his own. ‘Get out of my head!’ And with that, he shut her out. Completely. He had never been able to do that before. She had remained a constant existence in the back of his head, even when she hadn’t really been there. But now she was completely gone. Snoke let him go after that. Kylo was on his hands and knees. There was a puddle of blood on the floor beneath him. It glinted crimson in the harsh light. Coughing, Kylo spat more onto the floor and gritted his teeth. He glared up at his master, barely able to conceal his anger. The Supreme Leader took no notice of his apprentice’s scathing eyes. Instead, he just waited with endless frustrating patience for Kylo to rise and compose himself. With the leather-bound back of his hand, he swiped away the blood from his lips and straightened. He wouldn’t be intimidated by his master. The more strength he showed, the longer he might survive. “The girl is on Ahch-To.” Snoke deadpanned, as if it had been obvious the entire time. Kylo had never heard of this planet, let alone where it might be. Sensing his incredulity, Snoke continued, “It is a planet in one of the systems on the very outer rim of the galaxy. I will inform General Hux, and plans will be made immediately.” “You are not sending me, master?” “No-one is going yet. We don’t have enough information and we don’t want a repeat of last time, do we Kylo Ren?” Snoke drawled out his name so long that it made the hairs on the back of Kylo’s neck stand on end. It was a surprise that Snoke would not order an invasion immediately. There was a cynical part of him that suspected the Supreme Leader was lying to him, but that was preposterous. He wouldn’t have been able to question his master without risk of severe punishment in any case. “No, master.” He conceded. ** This was possibly the only thing he enjoyed about living on The Finalizer. Kylo Ren stood stoic, arms crossed over his chest, staring out the floor-to-ceiling window in his quarters. It was almost pitch black out there, as it always was. Space never changed. It was his constant in a life of chaos. But every now and then a new star would burst into life, joining its companions on the canvas of darkness. The view, his uncle had once told him, greatly resembled himself: a blanket of shadow smothering all life inside, apart from the pinpricks of light still tethering him to his conscience. They refused to fade away and even grew brighter when he turned away from them. He growled at the idea and turned his back to the sky. His uncle was a fool. They all were for believing he was anything but what he was. He was faced by his pathetic excuse for a living space. Regarding size, it was actually quite large. It was big enough for his four-poster bed to sit comfortably between the window and his desk. From where his bed was, two steps down led to a reasonable living area, with two settees and a kitchenette. Off to the side was the refresher that was almost too big. Despite the extensive commodities awarded to him, it was incredibly sparse. There were no indications that it had even been lived in, though he had been there for about two months. Kylo stood there for a few moments, shifting from foot to foot. He wasn’t entirely sure what to do. His body clock still hadn’t synchronised with everyone else’s on the ship. So while the rest of the ship slept, he was wide awake. Sighing, he slipped off his robes, exposing his bare skin to the cold air in the room. He flopped back onto the bed in just a pair of black trousers and stared up at the ceiling. To his surprise, the first thought that came to him was that of the previous night’s dream. At least he could recollect it in peace. He didn’t remember much of it, only that she was there, shining bright as the stars he saw from his window, dancing to her own melody. His lips quirked up at the memory of her laying eyes on him, sparkling with Maker-knows-what. He barely knew the girl, and yet he took a pleasure in the knowledge that she hated him. Sure enough his recollections led to his mind reaching out to her through the bond. He managed to remain lingering in the back of her head. She was training. Alone. He frowned. Where was Skywalker? Shouldn’t he have been with her? The way she twirled her staff in her hands was almost hypnotic. It was as if it weren’t a weapon at all, but an extension of her body. He wondered if she would feel more comfortable with a double-edged lightsaber instead of a regular one, so she could wield it like her staff. He smirked at the idea of duelling her with that level of weapon. Kylo watched as she practiced stances. Each one she did made her muscles go taut, her face settling into that caged ferocity. He might have called her beautiful if he didn’t know better. She was near perfect, until she started lashing out into mid-air. ‘Ah, so you’re not a master combatant.’ She froze. He felt her fear seeping in through the bond. It was as if her blood had turned to ice. Through her eyes, he looked around for the assailant threatening her. Until he realised the assailant was him. She could hear him. ‘I can… I can hear you.’ ‘And I can hear you.’ Both of them were so shocked that they couldn’t move their bodies for a moment. Kylo had believed the bond was just the ability to experience each other’s worlds. He hadn’t realised they could actually communicate. She had thought his words in her head were just a memory, like her voice crying out to end the pain but distorted into his deep tone. ‘What are you doing here?’ She growled. For a moment, he was speechless. What could he say to her? His sworn enemy. And yet someone he felt more connected to than his own family. She was waiting for an answer, he realised, so he quickly said, ‘Watching you train.’ Feelings of disgust flooded through. ‘Is my forbidden training fascinating to you?’ ‘Very.’ Then he realised what she had said. ‘Why is it forbidden?’ ‘Master Luke doesn’t want me to learn combat. He says it isn’t the Jedi way.’ He cringed at his uncle’s name. ‘So why are you learning it?’ ‘So that when I face you again, I can kick your arse.’ ‘You already did that.’ She chuckled darkly. ‘I guess I did.’ Kylo went silent for a moment. She was learning combat. Against her master’s wishes. There was more of the darkness in her than he had first suspected. That single possibility filled him with smugger glee than any of his winnings against the irritating Hux had done. ‘Are you just going to stay there?’ ‘I’ll go if you want me to. But I thought you should know that lashing out with just one end of your staff is not the best way to disable your opponent.’ Why was he telling her this? ‘And what is? Your little pirouettes?’ Her voice dripped with sarcasm. ‘Hilarious.’ He said through gritted teeth. ‘Try to fight with both ends of your weapon.’ To his surprise, she tentatively followed his advice. Placing her left hand further down her staff, she swung her staff one way and then twisted around to land a blow with the other end. Eventually she was moving with mesmerising fluidity. Round and round she went taking down imaginary opponents. She was unstoppable. To mask his awe, Kylo muttered, ‘You twirl too.’ She sent him the bond equivalent of a middle finger. Notes: It's a little short I know, but I hope you enjoyed it. From here on out, the chapters are going to be about twice the length. So please bear with me. All kudos and comments are very welcome. I might even update sooner with them (I'm kidding... partially). Chapter 3 : Guilty All The Same Summary: Back to Rey POV again. Here's where the plot really gets going. Let the action and Reylo progression ensue! Notes: I wasn't going to update so quickly, but this chapter was already ready. It's a lot longer than the previous two and the rest are probably going to be of similar length, so please bear with me. I'm so grateful to everyone who has taken time to read this. It's a great honour to be receiving your kudos and comments. Thank you so much. Hope you enjoy the chapter 3! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Luke had been hiding away in the temple for days. He hadn’t even come out to eat. Rey imagined he was hungry enough to eat his own arm by now. After she had been attacked by Snoke, he had disappeared into the temple and apparently forgotten to come out for training. By the end of the second day, she had started to worry and had tried to enter the temple. A strange force prevented her from entering, pushing her back from the cracked stairway. She wondered if Luke was keeping her out for some reason. Now, as the sun set on the fourth day of his absence, she had given up worrying. Rey still didn’t fully understand what had happened those four days prior. When he had snuck into her mind to criticise her, she had considered asking him about it. But based on his previous response, she doubted she would be able to get much out of him. It had been the strangest feeling having him there. She supposed she had always felt his presence, but had always assumed it was her hatred for him ever looming in the back of her mind. Despite her shock at being able to actually hear him, she had not been unhappy about his interruption. They had actually been able to have perhaps not a civilised conversation, but they had been able to joke with each other. Something she had never considered they would be able to do. She couldn’t feel him now. That thought made her throat dry. Rey furiously shook the feeling away. She just needed sleep. That was all it was. She had been awake for at least twenty-four hours now. Ever since her disturbing dream, she had been desperately avoiding sleeping too deeply. The last thing she wanted was to get sucked into a place where she couldn’t control her own actions. Ducking into her hut, Rey was almost swaying with exhaustion. She crawled into bed and wrapped the covers around her shivering body; it was uncharacteristically cold tonight. Within moments, it seemed, she was asleep. ** Luke emerged from the Temple on that fourth night. He climbed the steps slowly out to the entrance. His fitness was not like it used to be. Thirty years ago he would have run up these stairs once, twice, three times over. Now he could barely haul himself up them. When he stepped out of the doorway, he heaved a sigh of relief and stretched his back. Turning, he concealed the door from sight. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Rey, and he was fairly sure she knew where the entrance was already, but she wasn’t ready to see all that it had to offer. Rain pounded the earth outside. The dark clouds overhead and the relentless sheets of water obscured any view they might have had from the island. The ground was sludgy as the water churned up the mud. It wasn’t long before Luke was soaked through and slathered in mud up to his ankles. It had to have been the middle of the night since it seemed Rey had already retired for the evening. Luke felt protective of the girl, despite having been reluctant to take her on when she first arrived on Ahch-To. He descended the steps to her little, lonely hut to check on her. The rain was pouring in through the poor excuses for windows and through the door, over which she had forgotten to let down the flap. She lay soaking and shivering in the cold while she slept restlessly. Every moment or two her eyelids would twitch or she would roll over, kicking against the sheets like they were strangling her. Something jolted in Luke, a sudden feeling of sympathy, a desire to keep her safe and warm. He carefully stepped into her hut, quiet enough not to wake her, and tiptoed around the various tools that lay strewn across her floor. She liked to fix things, he knew. He had often come across her tinkering with parts from the Falcon when it visited every month, or on his battered old X-Wing that lay covered in a sheet in the shelter of an alcove across the island. In the small fire pit, he sparked a flame onto the logs so that at least she wouldn’t be shivering as badly. As it built, he noticed her settling a bit more. Then he found the old wooden board he used in his hut to block the rain from coming the window. When he finally left her be, he closed the door flap. Luke was exhausted himself. He had been awake almost continuously for the past few days, but he could not sleep. The Temple was said to be the place where the Force was at its strongest. Sat in its depths he had tried to connect himself with it deeper than ever before to perhaps see what Snoke was up to. Luke knew Rey was lying when she said she was okay. He could see the pain marring her usually soft features. It wasn’t difficult to guess that Snoke was trying to find them, but there was something more. He could sense that Rey was scared of the dark side, of everything it represented, and of the possibility of it appearing in her. She was extremely powerful for someone so young and he desperately wanted to know why. Luke had no doubt that Snoke had sensed her power, that his nephew had also. His nephew would see her as a threat to his position with Snoke. Either that or he would perceive her to be the only one worthy of standing by his side in the darkness. Luke could not have that boy taking away the greatest hope the light ever had. He knew he shouldn’t assume so much from his nephew. He was his nephew after all. And Leia still saw so much light in him despite everything he had done. But it was hard to condone his actions for some minute hope, hard to expect anything but the worst. Most of the Resistance, including Rey’s young friends, saw his nephew as one so completely devoid of compassion that he wasn’t worth saving. Rey, however, he wasn’t so sure. When they had first met, it was evident that she didn’t like him. Whenever she spoke his name, which was often when she would tell Luke how much she wanted to show him up, her lips would curl up into a sneer. Now she just avoided talking about him. Luke often saw her gazing off into the distance, like her head was somewhere else. Luke was interrupted by the loud whoosh of engines coming from the distance. Through the rain, bright lights could be seen scanning the terrain, heading towards them fast from the east. They were enough to blind the old man for a second. In a normal situation, anyone would have waited to see who it was before scampering off. But Luke had no reason to wait. The only ship that ever came to visit them on this backwater world was the Millennium Falcon , which was currently docked at the base of the island. Whoever this was wasn’t a friendly visitor. Luke ran with surprising speed for his age down the steps, straight to Rey’s hut. Apparently the girl had heard the engines too because she was already up, staff in hand and scowl in place. “Master Luke!” She yelled when she saw him coming. She was already sprinting down the rest of the steps by the time he reached her. “It’s the First Order.” He said breathlessly. She glanced over her shoulder in horror. “We have to get to the Falcon now !” Rey needed no encouragement. ** Rey had heard the engines before her master did. The rumble of them shook her to her core as she remembered hearing the same craft on Takodana months before. She had jumped out of bed, not without noticing the small fire Luke had crafted for her. She allowed herself a little smile before grabbing her staff and strapping her pack around her waist. Racing out the door, she met the still pounding rain with a startled gasp. Kriff, it’s cold . Wiping the water from her eyes, she ran down the small hill that lead to her lonely little hut. A few steps up stood Luke, who though a little slower than her own reaction times turned and fled down the steps in her direction. Sprinting to meet him, she cried “Master Luke!” Whether it was to make her presence known or just a simple cry of concern, she didn’t know. He barely looked up as he reached her. “It’s the First Order.” Rey almost wanted to laugh at that statement. Of course it was; who else would they be running from? “We need to get to the Falcon now !” Together they raced down the steps. Over the last six months, Rey had run up and down these steps so many times that she had never been more physically fit. It felt like just another leisurely walk. But now her thighs were burning and her lungs were aching for breath. For as long as she could remember, she had never run so fast. Not even from the thugs who terrorised her for her hard-earned portions. When the Falcon was in sight, she slowed up a bit, suddenly remembering what the presence of the First Order must mean. She reached deep into her mind, looking for any sign of his presence but found nothing. If he were there, surely he would want her to know he was there? Surely he would want to be able to find her easily? Glancing over her shoulder, she heard the tell-tale stomp of Stormtrooper boots before the fire from their blasters came raining down on their heads. Rey ducked away from the falling debris of whatever huts were unfortunate enough to have been hit. She and Luke increased their pace, skidding around a corner down the steep incline that would either lead to their freedom or seal their deadly fates. When a blaster bolt came far too close for comfort, splintering the rock not two feet above their heads, Rey almost whirled. One hand gripped her staff while the other was already halfway into her pack. Though before she could get any further, Luke gripped her wrist and dragged her along behind him. He was muttering something under his breath; something that sounded very much like “She never listens. I tell her not to fight, and that’s all she wants to do. What is it with my students?” Rey couldn’t help the smirk on her face at her master’s frustrations. It wasn’t hard to guess who else he could have meant. It gave her some pleasure to learn that his nephew hadn’t wanted to be a pacifist in his youth, he had been just like any other teenager. There was something strangely human about that, which wasn’t a word Rey would have related to him before. Not that he was a pacifist now of course. By the time they reached it, the Falcon had already flared to life. R2-D2 beeped a greeting when Rey boarded, giving her master specific attention. It always made her smile how strong a bond the old man and the droid had. It reminded her of Poe and BB-8, or even herself and the little spherical machine. Chewie was already in the cockpit pushing buttons. Rey threw down her staff and clambered into the co-pilot’s seat. “Let’s go!” The Wookiee growled in response. The Millennium Falcon didn’t take much coaxing to hit light speed almost as soon as they were off the ground. The freighter reared up, swerving to avoid some well-placed blasts from below. If only Finn were here , she thought. At least she knew her best friend would be able to take out of few of their ships. Then she realised she might as well give it a go herself. Jumping up, Rey raced for the gunner position. Luke gave her a disapproving look as she passed but she paid it no mind. Strapping herself in, she noticed that Chewie had done an excellent job in repairing what they had managed to break escaping from Jakku. It would take her forever to sit and fully familiarise herself with the controls; time they didn’t have. Instead, she took the controls in hand and angled them as close to the troopers’ ships as she could manage before taking wild shots at them. From the cockpit, Chewie was growling at her, telling her he was manoeuvring the ship enough so she could hit her targets easier. He pulled the ship over on its head so she had a perfect shot at the edge of the island where the transporters had docked. She pulled the trigger a few times, hitting random points around the ships until one blast finally hit her target. The transporter exploded in a flurry of fire and metal. Several Stormtroopers were thrown backwards in the blast, making Rey’s scavenger side chuckle. That’s what you get for trying to take what’s mine . The ground fire increased. Though the Falcon’s shields were up, they took a few big hits. That was when Chewie decided it was enough and pulled upwards until the freighter reached the atmosphere where it promptly made the jump. Rey made no mistake in thinking that the First Order ships would try to follow them. Fortunately, in their current state, it was unlikely it would be any time soon. But making it to D’Qar as soon as possible was of the upmost importance. Abandoning the gunner’s position and leaving Chewie to pilot, Rey grabbed her staff from the floor and hit it viciously against the door frame. Luke glanced up with one eyebrow raised. “How the kriff did they find us?” She growled. “It was bound to happen eventually. It was just a matter of time.” Luke reasoned. Rey wasn’t going to accept logic at this point. “No. No, they haven’t been able to find you for years and all of sudden now they do? No…” Sudden realisation washed over her. Him . He did this. He told them where she was. She wanted to scream. “I’m going to kill him!” Luke looked up at her in confusion. But she didn’t hear his questions. She was too busy yelling at the deafening silence in her head. How could you, you son of a bitch? I knew it! I knew I never should have let you in my head. I should have shut you out the moment you barged in! To think I actually started to see you as a human being; you’re just a monster. When her mental voice’s throat went dry, she let her forehead rest against the cold metal of the ship’s walls. Only then did her master get through to her. “Rey?” She looked up to see Luke stood stoic watching her with both fear and concern. “Are you okay?” She chuckled at that. Of course she wasn’t okay. When she didn’t reply, Luke continued “What do you mean you’re ‘going to kill him’? Who is ‘him’ exactly?” Rey saw no reason in being gentle about it. “Your nephew. Kylo Ren .” She spat. Luke was taken aback. “What are you saying?” “I’m saying that he looked into my head and saw where we were. Then he told his master. You know, the one he’s always so pathetically desperate to please.” Rey sneered, bashing her staff against the wall again. To her own surprise, it wasn’t the fact that the First Order had found them that was upsetting her. That would have happened even without the connection she shared with him. Luke was right about that. It was that she had genuinely felt there was a shred of, perhaps not good, but decency left in him. In the end though, she supposed, you chose your side regardless. Her master was watching her intensely. His blue eyes shone with fear and something like… regret? “Oh Rey, I’m so sorry.” Something occurred to Rey then. “Do you know what this is? Why he can see into my head?” She was desperate to know, but so terrified to hear the answer. Perhaps if she knew, however, she could find a way to block him out forever. Luke nodded gravely. “It’s called a Force bond. I don’t know much about them, only that they are formed between two powerful Force users in times of emotional distress. From what I know, they are formed when two users share somewhat of an emotional connection beforehand, however raw and undeveloped that connection may be, and one reaches out to the other in such a time that the two individual wavelengths of the Force meld together to form one much stronger one. They are extremely rare.” Rey’s breath was nearly knocked from her lungs. Her knees buckled and she collapsed onto the sofa. A Force bond. Emotional connection… Extremely rare? Obviously. It could only have happened to them. Of all the people she could have shared such a connection with, it just had to be him. Rey was having a hard time believing what she was hearing. Her memories evaded her when she tried to recall when such a bond may have formed. She couldn’t quite process that she and Kylo had an ‘emotional connection’. The only emotion she felt towards him right now was derision. “This doesn’t have to be a bad thing, Rey.” She looked up to see her master moving towards her. Was he pleading with her? Where she had expected to see horror and disdain, she saw mixed in with the fear a glimmer of hope in his eyes. “With such a connection, great things can be achieved. Perhaps you can…” She fixed him with a stare. A stare she only reserved for those who were about to cross the line and be on the receiving end of her staff. Luke almost stepped back at the intensity of it. “Bring him back to the light?” Her master looked down. “That’s what you were about to say, wasn’t it? That I can bring him back with this… Force bond. Why should I? He doesn’t deserve to be brought back! Not after everything he’s done.” Memories flashed through Rey’s mind. The hiss of a lightsaber singeing flesh. The darkness and rage on the murderer’s face. The pain and guilt in the victim’s eyes. Tears streamed down Rey’s cheeks. Her heart was contracting so much it was agonising, like it was breaking. Han Solo had been like the father she never had, despite how little time she had known him. He had been everything she imagined a father should be. He had been a father to that man who had murdered him. So why couldn’t Rey shake the feeling that her memories were lying to her? “I agree.” Her head snapped up in surprise. Luke was slumped in a chair across the lounge, R2-D2 sat faithfully next to him. The droid seemed about as sad as a droid could. It was then that Rey realised R2 would have known Kylo when he was a young Padawan. She wondered how many adventures he and the mischievous little droid had shared. She couldn’t imagine him that way: young, fresh-faced and full of wonder. “What do you mean?” She whispered. She had thought, though perhaps not as strongly, that Luke had wished for his nephew’s return as much as Leia did. “My nephew does not deserve to return to the light side. At least in the state he is in. I cannot forgive him for what he did and I doubt I ever will. But that doesn’t mean I don’t wish for him to return to his family. You think he told the First Order where we were. I think it’s more likely that’s what Snoke was doing in your head the other day. He must have used my nephew’s bond with you to invade your mind. A Force bond does not allow for one party to harm the other mentally.” Luke paused for a moment, allowing her to take it in. As much as she hated to admit it, she thought her master could have been right. It didn’t make sense to be able to hurt someone if you were irrevocably bound to them. It would also explain his request. His request… He was trying to protect you . She took a deep, shaking breath, willing her inner voice to shut the hell up. “You should have seen Leia when she lost him to the dark side. You have experienced her grief over Han’s death, how she has those moments when she loses herself to that endless pit of despair. Can you imagine that increased ten-fold?” Rey shook her head. “That’s what it was like when he first left. Han’s self-blame and Leia’s distance were what drove them apart.” Biting her lip, Rey nodded. She wanted to believe so badly that he was lost forever to that evil. But hearing it from her master, someone she had come to trust more than even Finn, it made her finally understand the conflict in her. He was dark side. He had done cruel, unspeakable things. And yet he was still human. So she vowed to try. Only to try to see the good in him. Only to try to get along with him, since they were going to be with each other’s company for a very long time. Then perhaps, if she achieved all that, only to try to grant her master’s wish. ** They touched down on D’Qar a few days later, having sent warning of the Millennium Falcon’s early return and two extra passengers. Luke was waiting by the loading door as it slowly lowered itself to the ground. Rey hung back, gripping her staff until her knuckles turned white. Her heart was hammering in her throat at the thought of seeing Finn again. She was excited to hear all his wonderful stories, but much less so to tell him hers. How could she tell him that she had been dreaming about and shared an unbreakable bond with the man who had horrifically scarred him? When Luke stepped out with R2-D2 by his side, Rey moved forward to see a mob come to greet them. Apparently Luke was more of a legend around here than even Leia. People greeted him with enormous smiles, which he dutifully returned, but his direct path was not detoured. Only a few steps away stood his sister, who enveloped him in a hug. Rey almost looked away. It appeared such a private moment that everyone else was intruding on. Chewie startled her with a reassuring growl from beside her. She gave him a small smile, took a deep breath and stepped down the hatch. Warm sunshine hit her face almost immediately. It was a welcome relief from Ahch-To’s cold winds. Those who had greeted Luke most exuberantly just smiled at her in greeting. Some waved, but that was about it. At least it was until people started yelling at a figure pushing frantically through the crowd. “Rey!” The familiar voice brought a grin to Rey’s face. A grin so wide it hurt her cheeks. “Rey!” Through the crowd pushed the owner of the voice. A somewhat tall young man with distinct dark skin and a massive beaming smile. “Finn!” Rey almost ran towards her best friend, forgetting all of her previous worries. Finn grabbed her in bear hug that she happily reciprocated, squeezing him as tightly as she could. When she pulled away, she noticed he was standing with a slight bend but he didn’t seem to be in any pain. He was still wearing that dusty brown jacket. It was as if he were afraid of offending Poe if he took it off. “You look so much better!” “And you look so much stronger!” He squeezed her bicep for a second in mock awe. “Look at you! You’ve put on some muscle.” A chuckle escaped her lips before she noticed someone else approaching behind Finn. Poe jogged up to join them, a flirtatious grin on his face. “Hey, Rey. Nice to see you’re still in one piece after Luke’s vigorous training.” He winked, throwing an arm around Finn’s shoulders. The gesture that would have seemed friendly on anyone else clearly meant a bit more to the two of them. Poe stood a bit too close and there was a bit too much colour in Finn’s cheeks. Rey hid a smirk as she watched them. “Hi Poe. It’s so nice to see you again. I do hope my friend here hasn’t been much of a burden on you.” She teased. Finn’s cheeks turned a deeper shade of crimson. “Oh not at all.” Poe drawled, casting a cheeky glance over at Finn. “In fact he’s been a great stress reliever.” Finn elbowed him in the ribs, while Rey tried desperately not to burst out laughing. From the look on their faces, Rey could tell things hadn’t gotten that far for them yet. Finn thought it was just harmless joking on Poe’s part, that the pilot flirted with everyone, whereas Poe knew that he reserved it only for his favourite soldier. “Anyway,” Poe continued, “You should probably go see the general. I’m sure she’d like to talk to you. Promise to meet us for dinner though, okay? We’re dying to hear all of your juicy gossip. Oh and BB-8 has been missing you. I’m sure he’d like to hear what you’ve been getting up to without us.” “Will do.” Rey promised, her anxieties returning. Finn gave her hand a reassuring squeeze before she turned and headed in the general’s direction. Leia Organa was still talking with her brother. She almost turned to go back to her friends, not wanting to interrupt their reunion, when Leia called to her. “Rey! It is lovely to see you again. Luke has been telling me all about the progress you’ve been making.” Leia’s smile was void of happiness. Her brother had told her about Rey’s bond with her son then. Rey could only nod. “Perhaps we should go inside.” The general gestured for them to follow. The bunker was a labyrinth of grey corridors and rooms glowing with machinery. The last time Rey had been there, she had stayed relatively close to the surface, never venturing deeper into the surface of the planet. Now she was sure that if she didn’t have someone leading her, she would positively get lost in the endless warren of déjà vu. They seemed to have walked for hours when they reached the general’s private rooms. Leia waved them in, shutting the door behind Rey, and promptly reached for the decanter of whiskey on the coffee table. She poured herself and her brother a glass, offering some to Rey, which she kindly declined. She didn’t need alcohol to cloud her thoughts any more than they already were. Leia downed the glass almost instantly and quickly poured herself another. So this is how she dealt with everything , the sarcastic voice at the back of Rey’s mind said, alcoholism . Though she knew it not to be his voice, the words sounded uncannily like those that would come out of her new mind-mate’s mouth. Now I’m even starting to sound like him , Rey internally sighed. “So, Rey, would you like to start?” The general’s voice startled Rey out of her thoughts. She and her brother were sat on the settees on either side of the coffee table. Rey, unsure of what to do, settled her staff against the armchair and perched on the end of the cushion. “I’m not sure what to say, general.” “Please, call me Leia.” Rey nodded, surprisingly relieved about that. “How about we start with when the ‘bond’ started?” So Rey told the story. She told Leia how she had first started feeling his presence after Starkiller, how the dreams had started after a couple of months of training – the first time she had been able to meditate successfully – and how he had first spoken to her only days before. Leia listened intently, hanging on every word about her son. Rey left out the additional details about her forbidden combat training, and especially the specifics about the dreams. She was sure Leia wouldn’t want to hear such things. “Can… Can you hear him… right now?” Leia’s voice was hoarse, tears pricking in her eyes. It was the first shred, however small, of good news about her son she had received in almost a decade. “Not right now. There seems to be a way to shut off the bond, so we can’t hear each other. But I can still feel him, if you see what I mean. I know he’s alive at least.” Rey realised she was contented to know she would always be able to sense if he was alright. She could imagine that if anything were to happen to him that tore him away from the bond, it would leave a gaping hole in her mind. Though she still didn’t like the idea, he was as much a part of her now as her bones were. Leia nodded slowly. Disappointment marred her face. Rey wanted to reassure the general that even if she could hear her son right then, she didn’t think Leia could communicate with him directly. Rey supposed that even if the general wanted to, her son would close off the bond too fast for her to get a chance. “Rey, would you mind leaving us now? I would like to speak to my brother alone.” Leia said without looking up from her whiskey glass. Glancing at Luke, Rey could see the affirmation in his eyes. “Of course. Let me know if there is anything else you need.” “I will, thank you.” ** Wringing her hands as she walked, Rey tried to find her way back to the surface. She had underestimated just how labyrinthine this place was. She was certain she was getting more and more lost with every turn. It didn’t help that her mind kept wandering. The conversation with Leia had really taken it out of her. Talking about everything that had happened over the last six months was much harder than Rey had anticipated. It was as if she were bearing her soul for all to see. Not that she wanted to protect him. What would be the point against his own mother and uncle? But there was something about it that made her feel like she was betraying him. Despite that, seeing the grief in Leia’s eyes as Rey explained was heart-breaking. The general probably felt like a scavenger didn’t deserve to have to a bond with her son, didn’t deserve to be lucky enough to speak to him when she had no such fortune. Rey had wanted to embrace the general, tell her that she was going to try to help her son – not that she would add it was against her better judgement. Leia deserved it, however. She had lost her husband, albeit at her son’s hands but Rey would no sooner force her to lose him as well than she would give up her precious staff. Suddenly Rey’s breath was knocked out of her. The force of it threw her against the wall, causing stars to dance across her vision. Her feet fell out from under her as she collapsed to the ground, staring at the opposite wall. Only she wasn’t seeing the wall. Terror rippled through her as she took in the deformed face that haunted her nightmares. No, not hers. His . Snoke stood before her, hand outstretched, sucking the breath out of her lungs until she was gagging for breath. Agony thumped through her brain as blood trickled down from her nostrils, filling her mouth with its metallic tang. Images flashed through her mind. Pictures of D’Qar, of the assault on Ahch-To and of her dreams. The humanoid creature laughed. It was an awful rasping sound that scratched at Rey’s eardrums. “She has been dreaming about you too.” That was when Rey realised Snoke wasn’t talking to her at all. This was his experience. All his. But he was in her mind. ‘Kylo?’ ‘Rey? What are you doing here?’ To her surprise, he didn’t sound mad. He sounded… frightened. In as much pain as she was. ‘I guess you opened the bond back up again.’ Rey supressed the urge to scream as Snoke prodded again. ‘Is this what he does to you?’ Hostility flooded over the bond. He didn’t want her sympathy. That was a little hard when she was currently spitting out his blood. ‘Get out.’ ‘Then shut me out.’ And he did. Just like that. Rey returned to herself as the pain faded away. She had to take several gulps of air before her head righted itself. Blood soaked her tunic from where it had dripped down from her chin. Hastily wiping it off her skin and clasping her grey vest together to hide the stains, she slumped against the wall, too weak to stand. Guilt spread through her chest. She might have been free. But he certainly wasn’t. She couldn’t believe that Snoke would do that to him and he would still follow. Part of her believed he was an idiot and that he deserved it if he was so blind. The other part was getting too dominant for its own good. “Miss Rey?” Rey jumped, looking up to find a tall metallic gold figure gazing down with its head tilted. It was about as close to concern as C-3PO could appear. “Are you quite alright?” “Yes Threepio, I’m fine.” She lied. The droid would of course know that she was lying, but he just nodded and took her arm to help her up. “Do you need medical attention, miss?” “No, thank you.” Rey scrubbed at a spot of blood on the floor before the droid saw it. “But can you help me get to the surface? I seem to be awfully lost.” “Yes of course, miss! Please follow me.” C-3PO exclaimed, excited to be of service. Rey followed silently behind. Notes: And there we have it. Chapter 3 done and dusted. I hope you all enjoyed it! I promise they'll get to meet properly soon; the plot of this is pretty long and drawn-out. Perhaps you'll notice that the first time they actually say each other's names in this fic is when they're both in the experience together. Let me know what you thought! Chapter 4 : Reflection Summary: We finally have a bit of admittance from Rey and Kylo here. Some of you will be thinking 'Finally, the plot is moving forward!' I know it's taking a while, but the next chapter will be a special one. Hope you enjoy chapter four! Notes: A massive thank you to everyone who has taken time out of their day to read this. All the kudos and comments mean so much to me, especially as a first-time poster! Thank you so much! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The mess hall was slowly filling up. Despite its immense size and never-ending supply of tables, it was becoming more and more claustrophobic. The line for food got longer by the second and every table around where Rey sat was quickly occupied. No-one sat with her, whether out of respect for her status or the mournful expression on her face as she impassively swirled her food around with her fork, she couldn’t decide. She had been sat there for over an hour, her chicken and rice having long since gone cold. She knew she should have gone straight back to Luke and Leia, or at least tried to find Finn. However, on her long journey with C-3PO, she had decided she didn’t much desire to speak to anyone. The droid had dropped her off at the surface, where it immediately expressed its desire to help her find her quarters, if she so wished. But she refused his offer kindly and he went on his way. She hadn’t felt much like being in such a small enclosed space either. Now she regretted choosing the mess hall. Though it was a huge, cavernous space with floor to ceiling windows and constantly open doors to allow air to pass through, it’s size only allowed for more people. She was about to get up when she felt a gentle bump against her leg. Glancing down, Rey found a spherical droid with a half-sphere shaped head, one huge black eye and a white-and-orange design. “BB-8!” It was the first time in hours that Rey felt any sense of happiness. The droid beeped excitedly at seeing her. “Yes, it’s nice to see you too.” Rey couldn’t stop the grin from stretching her face. BB-8 proceeded to tell her how much he’d missed her and ask her lots of questions about her training. She answered each one kindly, since they were only of simple curiosity. That was until the droid mentioned her being able to best her enemy in battle again. Rey’s face fell. She wasn’t sure why she was so shaken by what had happened. Surely it was the least he deserved after everything he had done. Wasn’t it? The scavenger in Rey told her that it was, but the Jedi in Rey told her that no-one deserved that. BB-8 emitted a string of frantic beeps. He was worried he had offended her. Rey shook her head at him and gave him a small smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes. The little droid calmed a bit before rolling around to the other side of the table to greet his master who had just plonked himself down on the table across from Rey. “Hey, Padawan.” Poe greeted, giving her a lazy smile as he chewed on a carrot. Then he saw her plate and raised an eyebrow. She had told him all about how hard life on Jakku had been. He must have assumed after that she would never turn down another piece of food ever again. “Not hungry?” “Not really.” She muttered, not looking up from her resumed swirling. “You need to eat. Got to keep that strength up.” Poe winked at her. When she didn’t respond, he placed a warm hand on her arm. “What’s happened?” Rey’s breath caught in her throat. Could she tell him? She wasn’t sure she could. Both Poe and Finn would look at her as if she were crazy if she tried to explain her Force bond with the man they hated most in the galaxy. “I guess I’m still just a little shook up from the attack.” Not a complete lie. Poe nodded in understanding and patted her arm. “I get that.” They sat in silence for a few moments. The weather outside had turned from sunny and warm to almost a full-blown thunderstorm. Such conditions were extremely rare on D’Qar, but the base was fully-equipped to deal with it. The last remnants of the workers scurried in from outside as Rey watched shutters fall over the hangars that held the ships. She caught a glimpse of the Millennium Falcon’s cockpit before the grey sheet of metal closed over it. Shutters also started to come down around the mess hall, protecting the glass. Rey shuddered as a particularly strong gust of wind blew through the doors. A couple of nearby pilots rushed to close them and thread a piece of loose piping through the handles. Poe saw her shiver and immediately began taking his jacket off, but he was too late as by the time he had gotten one arm out, there was already another jacket around her shoulders. Technically it was still Poe’s jacket. She turned to find what she thought was her best friend standing behind her. He only looked half-like the man who had stood beside her on Starkiller. The other half was dripping wet and freezing. Rey instantly took the jacket off and shoved it back in Finn’s direction. Finn waved her off but she glared at him. “You’ll either take this or I’ll force you to take it,” she said, emphasising that last part. Finn knew she could do it and took the jacket from her. “You need it more than I do.” Finn smiled gratefully as he sat down beside her, wiping his soaked face with a napkin. He then wrapped his jacket around his shoulders, soaking in the warmth. Poe was watching the ex-trooper with an affectionate gaze. Rey was sure that alone could have warmed Finn up. She abruptly wondered whose gaze would make her skin heat up. One name instantly came to mind, but she pushed it out. Now she was shuddering for a different reason. She had never thought about him in that way before. It’s just the bond. It’s messing up your head, nothing more. Rey held onto that belief as more images flashed through her head, seemingly involuntarily. She imagined him wrapping his robes around her, shielding her from the cold. She shivered again at the idea. “You sure you’re not cold?” Finn asked. Rey glanced up to find both men and droid staring at her. “Yes, really. I’m fine.” She grumbled, more morose than she intended. Sensing something was wrong, Finn nodded and jumped into conversation with Poe. “So do you think Jessika will mind?” “No, not at all.” Poe said, taking another bite of the carrot. “She told me she’s very interested. Especially with me being so busy.” Rey quirked an eyebrow. What were they talking about? “Yeah,” Finn muttered sullenly. “I wish you could teach me,” He immediately cleared his throat. “Being the best pilot in the Resistance and all.” Poe smiled sadly. It warmed Rey’s heart to see how these two looked at each other. If she had ever imagined what love would look like, this would be what she saw. “I’m not sure about the ‘best’ anymore with this one here.” Poe said recovering himself. He waggled his fork in Rey’s direction. For the first time that day, Rey almost laughed. “Don’t be ridiculous. I could never fly an X-Wing.” “I’d love to see you try.” He winked. Turning back to Finn, Poe ran his hands through his soft dark curls. Rey watched Finn’s Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed, his eyes trained on the Resistance pilot. “Anyway, Jessika will be happy to teach you. I’ll tell her to go easy on you though. She tends to like to push people.” “I can imagine.” Finn chuckled. Rey had never met Jessika Pava, the Blue Three pilot of Poe’s squadron. From what Poe had told her, Jessika was a very talented pilot, having fought on Starkiller and come out almost entirely unscathed. She was one of the only female pilots, which made Rey admire her more. She was certain Finn couldn’t learn from anyone better, save from Poe. Rey would have liked to teach him herself, but she would have gotten too frustrated with his blunders far too quickly. The two men carried on chatting, lost in each other for the moment. She supposed her stories could wait for another day. Despite how comfortable with them she felt, Rey was certain she would never be ready to tell them. ** Shaking and stirring, Kylo woke to the most terrible darkness. He sat up, breathless, frantically searching the room for intruders. He clicked his fingers once and the lights came on, illuminating the room in a soft glow. He sighed when he realised there was no-one there. Nightmares had come to him in droves that night. Snoke’s vicious attacks had almost killed him, he was sure. By the end, there was so much blood, so much pain that Kylo had blackness consuming his vision. He had been certain it was the end. And what for? To protect the girl? Snoke hadn’t wanted to know anything. The moment the Supreme Leader had received news of the invasion’s failure, he had known that Skywalker and his Padawan would return to D’Qar, a planet they couldn’t attack effectively without the Superweapon. Regardless, he had sent for Kylo and tortured him into a coma, convinced the dark lord had forewarned the scavenger when he had done no such thing. He hadn’t even known about the attack until Hux told him the Stormtroopers had been dispatched. Using Stormtroopers alone had been a foolish move. A cynical part of Kylo was convinced that Snoke had ordered it purposely so it would fail and he would have another excuse to torture his apprentice. And perhaps pull the Force bond apart. Despite that, Kylo wasn’t sure what he would have done should the Supreme Leader have sent him. He wouldn’t have hesitated in attacking his uncle, but the girl… The girl he didn’t have the heart to harm himself. It wasn’t as if she was of great consequence, but wasting that kind of power would be ridiculous. He wasn’t ready to accept that losing her end of the bond would rip open the lonely abyss in his head that had been slowly getting smaller with her presence. Pushing himself up on aching muscles, Kylo settled himself against the headboard of his bed. He’d somehow ended up back in his chambers. He shuddered at the thought that someone had brought him here. If Hux had anything to do with it, the redhead was going to end up with a lovely new laceration on his body. The throbbing in his head steadily thumped between his eyes. Gripping the bridge of his nose between two fingers, he willed the pain to recede. It didn’t, still going strong no matter how hard he tried. He was no Jedi so of course Force healing would elude him. There were many things that came to mind when he thought of remedying it the old-fashioned way: tea, coffee, a shower. But none of those seemed tempting enough. Another idea came to him that always seemed to calm him down. Would she want to talk to him? Probably not. Should he apologise for causing her so much pain? He wouldn’t even know how. The bond had been closed for hours now. Though it seemed it never stayed completely shut off. He had practically thrown her out when Snoke was torturing him. He hadn’t wanted her to see him so weak. Now, however, some of her strongest emotions came flooding through. He could feel her fear and her indecisiveness. Opening the bond a tiny bit, he peered into her consciousness. Apparently he hadn't been as gentle as he thought because her head jerked up from the plate of cold food she was staring at. Through her eyes, he saw her companions – FN-2187 and the Resistance pilot – look at her in surprise. He felt her give them a small smile, reassuring them she was alright. Kylo smirked. She hadn’t told them about the bond. ‘He’s stopped torturing you then, I assume?’ Though her tone was blunt, he could sense a tentativeness in her words. It shocked Kylo. He couldn’t respond for a few moments as he pondered over her reasoning. Did she actually care ? Or was she just trying to save herself from enduring that torture again? The latter seemed more likely. ‘Like you care.’ He growled impassively. Pushing her as far away as he could seemed like his best option. Her cautiously kind attitude dissipated, replaced with offended rage. ‘Why did you come here if you’re only going to insult me?’ ‘It’s interesting to see what awful food they give you there.’ ‘Better than nothing.’ She countered, allowing the fork to swirl her uneaten food by itself. Her companions barely noticed but the droid by her feet was watching, transfixed. ‘So why aren’t you eating it?’ ‘After our encounter today, you can hardly expect me to be hungry.’ Kylo said nothing to that. Though his own stomach was growling, he doubted he’d be able to keep anything down. The girl kept telekinetically moving her fork, faltering a few times, having to pick it up and start over. Evidently she wasn’t as good at everything Force related as he was. She didn’t say anything, though she knew he was still watching her. When the lack of conversation turned his attention back to the throbbing in his head, she took notice. Rey had nowhere near mastered Force healing, barely grasping the concept. Regardless, she sent across what she hoped were soothing healing vibes. To her gratification, it worked. The pain eased in his skull, thus in hers. Kylo didn’t say thank you, rather fixed his attention elsewhere. It was the first time he had noticed the blood spots on her tunic beneath her vest. He didn’t actually see it, rather felt its dry presence on her skin. ‘Did it hurt?’ ‘Yes.’ She muttered bluntly. ‘But I imagine it hurt you more.’ ‘You have no idea.’ Suddenly realising what he said, Kylo cleared his throat. He would not show weakness to this scavenger. ‘Does he always do that to you?’ She sounded concerned again. Kylo felt her internally growl at herself. She didn’t want to care. She didn’t, she wouldn’t. He smirked at her self-hatred. She was right, she shouldn’t care. Nevertheless, it was amusing to see her so conflicted when the last time they met, she had been so sure about what she wanted. When he didn’t respond, she huffed. Her presence started receding from him, leaving him alone in his thoughts. To his own surprise, he exclaimed, ‘Wait.’ She came back. Hurt and frustrated, but she remained. ‘Not always. Just when I deserve it.’ Rey's throat clogged up. ‘Why did you deserve it?’ ‘You got away.’ His statement left no room for argument and she didn’t indulge him in such protests. Though his own heart contracted, merely mirroring her reaction. She thought it wasn’t his fault they got away. He hadn’t even been there, yet still it was his responsibility. If he hadn’t been so weak on Starkiller, she wouldn’t have been on Ahch-To in the first place. Her sympathy suffocated him. Despite how much she still hated him, she wanted to stop Snoke’s torture. It may have been mistaken for compassion if her preferred method of doing so hadn’t been to kill the Supreme Leader and drag Kylo back to his family. A family he had no doubt wanted him strung up for everything he had done. At least he was right. There was some darkness in her. She was about to say something else when he decided he’d had enough. Kylo roughly shut off the bond, severing their connection. Almost as soon as he had the pain in his body returned. It tore through him, mashing up his insides. He wouldn’t have been surprised if his heart was a churned up lump of mush by now. To his relief, his head remained neutral. Why did talking to her make everything seem easier and yet slash another void in his mask of darkness? ** An hour after the abrupt end of their conversation, Rey was restlessly pacing her quarters. She didn’t understand. Why did he think it was his fault? Why was he so determined to stay with the First Order like this? Why was it her responsibility to worry about this? Rey angrily knocked a vase off the cabinet and cringed when the sound of it shattering reached her ears. Great. Now she was no better than him. Kneeling down by the shards, she gingerly picked up the pieces with her fingertips, careful not to cut herself. The last thing she wanted was to have to go to the med bay and endure more of C-3PO’s questions. The droid was sweet for caring about her welfare, but damn his voice really did get annoying sometimes. You have to do it for Leia. You have to do it for Luke. She repeated that mantra until another name took the Skywalker twins’ place, a name that made tears prick in her eyes. You have to do it for Han. She knew she only had his acquaintance for a short while. But she felt like he was the father she had always dreamed of. He was what a father was supposed to be, she thought. Kind, protective, teaching – albeit a little snarky and condescending at times, but that only added to his charm. Even Luke didn’t feel like a true mentor to her in that way. And she knew that he had been the one to kill him. But anyone with eyes could see how Han had affectionately touched his son’s face, the face of a grown man he had only just had the chance to see, before he fell. Anyone with ears could hear the pleading in his voice when the smuggler had asked his son to come home. Han had loved his son to the end. He had believed there was light left in that cold, dark abyss of a heart. And so would Rey. Setting the last shards of glass on the cabinet ready for an assistance droid to clean it away in the morning, Rey settled back onto her bed. It was the first time in her memory that she would ever sleep in a proper bed. That realisation made her smile broadly. No more hammocks in old AT-ATs, no more cold, worn cots. An actual bed! She was about to lay down and savour the comfort against her sore muscles when her happiness was interrupted by a loud rap at the door. Rey shot up, sticking her tongue out at the door. Trust C-3PO to ruin her moment. However, when she opened the door, it wasn’t a shining golden droid staring back at her. “Finn?” Rey’s brow furrowed in confusion. “Is everything okay?” “Yeah.” Finn smiled. “Just that Poe is going on a trip to deliver a message to the officials in Naboo. You know, what’s left of the Senate. And guess who’s offered to give us a place to stay? The Queen of Naboo! He invited me along and asked if you’d like to come too.” Rey lightened up again. She had always wanted to visit Naboo. It’s beautiful capital more so. She had heard it was even more spectacular than Takodana. “Of course!” She practically shouted before toning her voice down. “I’d love to go with you.” “Great! Let’s go.” She stepped back, stunned. “What? Now?” “Yeah, Poe has to leave right away.” Finn frowned, worried that she had changed her mind. When his eyes saw the rumpled covers of her bed, he realised she wanted sleep. “It’s okay. You can sleep on the way. We’re taking the Falcon, since we can’t all fit into Poe’s tiny X-Wing.” A little disappointed, Rey nodded. She grabbed her staff and strapped it across her back. Her pack was still hanging around her waist, though she had taken out Luke’s old lightsaber. A routine trip to Naboo… You probably won’t need it. So she left it hidden in a drawer in her cabinet and locked the door behind her. Following Finn through the corridors up the surface, Rey peered into each passing room. There were technicians working through the night to ensure everything was running smoothly as the base slept. It was amazing how swiftly things could turn around. They had to be alert at all times. In some rooms, there were even military debates going on. Rey didn’t catch much of it, but what she heard of it was surprisingly promising. “Don’t worry, I’ve cleared this trip with Luke.” Finn was saying to her. Rey tuned back in to his endless babble. She was sure most of it had been about Poe. “Wouldn’t want him to be wondering where you’d gotten off to when you’re supposed to be training.” Finn grinned, though Rey didn’t reciprocate it. “I doubt he’d want to train at the moment. He’s still catching up with his sister.” About me. Her best friend nodded. “That makes sense. I suppose that’s why he agreed so readily.” Then his chatter went straight back to the Resistance pilot. Rey dutifully listened to some of it: how Poe was amazing at hitting faraway targets; how Poe could turn in the tightest of corners; how Poe made the best curry in the galaxy. Rey chuckled a little at that last one. She wondered if Poe knew how Finn felt, if Finn even knew himself. She made it her mission to get them together by any means necessary. After all, she was going to be there for a while training, so why not do a little match-making to keep herself entertained? The one-sided conversation continued until they emerged in the hangar where the Falcon was sat. The loading door was down with Poe stood chatting with Chewie, BB-8 sitting by his leg. The Wookiee growled in greeting when they approached before marching off in the opposite direction. Rey turned to Poe. “He’s not coming?” “No, he has things to do here.” Poe grinned at her. “He has bequeathed the Falcon to you.” “Me?” Rey’s breath was stolen from her lungs. Since Han’s death, Chewie had taken care of and protected the ship just as his best friend had. That the Wookiee would give her such an honour, deeming her worthy of the Falcon, brought tears to her eyes. Poe nodded. “He said we can only take it if you’re flying it. Even I’m not allowed to touch the controls.” Rey grinned at the departing Wookiee and then at her friends. BB-8 beeped excitedly as they boarded the ship. Rey made a direct bee-line for the cockpit. Screw sleep , she thought, flying’s better. ** Naboo was even more beautiful than Rey had ever imagined. Endless expanses of green greeted her tired eyes as she guided the Falcon towards Theed. Waterfalls tumbled over cliff sides, thundering into the glistening lakes below. The sun shimmered on the water and off the leaves of trees, illuminating everything in a soft ethereal glow. The palace was incredible. It stood, proud and majestic, protruding from a particularly high cliff side. Large domes made of stone announced its existence to Rey before the large expanses of its gardens or the enormous statues marking its entrance did. The palace had its own waterfalls tumbling down the cliff side it occupied, making it seem like the grand building was sat on its own pool of stars. Rey stared in awe as she lowered the freighter closer to the ground. Poe had told her it was okay to park the Falcon in the palace grounds, so as not to attract too much attention. She almost ignored his advice because she didn’t want to ruin any of the beautiful flowerbeds and water fountains. Only then did she notice the open hangar. Rey softly guided the Falcon in, having first announced her arrival, and turned off the engines. She turned out of the cockpit to find Poe shirtless, running a hand through his sleep-mussed hair. He squinted at her for a moment before realising they had landed. Unfortunately, he didn’t get his shirt back on before Finn came through. The ex-trooper sucked in a breath at the sight of Poe’s abs. Rey herself would have been impressed had she not been internally giggling at the expression on Finn’s face. Poe gave him a sly half-grin, winking at him in the process. Finn stood dumbstruck for a moment, almost drooling at the mouth, before Rey clapped a hand on his shoulder, bringing him out of his reverie. He gave Rey a ‘thank you for not letting me look like an idiot’ smile. She grinned back before rushing to the loading bay door. Who she saw waiting for her made her stop short. The queen herself, accompanied by her personal guard, had come to greet them. Rey walked slowly down the loading door and bowed deeply to the queen. The Padawan knew very little about the monarchy of Naboo, only that the kings or queens were elected. The natives of the planet often elected young women, and from the look of the regal girl in front of her, Rey could see why. The queen was no older than Rey herself, perhaps even younger. Rey would have guessed at maybe seventeen. There was a youth-like beauty to the ruler’s presence. But in her eyes, Rey could see wisdom beyond anyone at her tender age should have. It was a child-like wisdom, the kind that dictated the importance of love and peace instead of raw power. Rey realised the Naboo were wise themselves for their ways. Love was the greatest way of ruling. With compassion, you could bend anyone to your will. That’s what he’s missing. Rey smirked at the thought. He thought he was wise; she knew better. The queen smiled warmly at Rey before looking beyond her to where Finn and Poe were descending from the Falcon. The Resistance pilot bowed instantly, with Finn abruptly following suit. “Your majesty,” Poe began, “General Organa of the Resistance has sent me with a message for your officials. I trust she has already sent word to you.” The queen bowed her head in greeting. “Yes, she most definitely has.” Her green eyes sparkled in the sunlight, only made more electrifying by the deep brown of her hair. Rey found herself feeling jealous at the effortless beauty of the queen. Living on Jakku hadn’t exactly done wonders for her complexion. “I would like to welcome you all to Theed. It is truly an honour to meet a Padawan of Luke Skywalker.” Rey was speechless. She never would have expected such an admittance from a queen. “Thank you, your majesty.” The queen turned then and started off towards the palace. Her guards gestured for them to follow as they struggled to keep up. “You see, your master is quite the legend around here. Not only is he the one who liberated us from the Empire, he is the treasured son of our wonderful Queen Amidala. May she rest in peace.” Rey remembered Queen Amidala from Luke’s teachings. He hadn’t made much progress with her leaning of the histories of the galaxy, but his mother had definitely come up once or twice. “So, is Luke like a Prince of Naboo?” The queen chuckled. “Not quite. The title of Prince or Princess of Theed is much like being the queen. If you are elected into the role, it is the equivalent of being the mayor. As for the entirety of Naboo, well I suppose Skywalker is something of a prince, yes. But it doesn’t really work that way here.” Rey shut her mouth then. Poe took over her role in the conversation, relaying Leia’s pleasantries. As they wandered through the vast halls of the palace, Rey took in the magnificent décor. They were currently walking past the palace courtyard, where many officials were wandering about making conversation and the queen’s large assortment of ladies-in-waiting were milling about by the water fountains. Rey imagined what it was like to live there, being waited on for everything, being able to enjoy the luxuries of water whenever it pleased her. She smiled at the impossibility. Where one wall was open to the courtyard, stone pillars rising up at frequent intervals, the other was adorned with portraits of the many monarchs of Naboo. They went back centuries. Each one was beautiful with an imperial air to them. It took a while for anyone to appear that Rey recognised. She had heard of Queen Amidala’s predecessor King Veruna, though knew next to nothing about him. Then came the portrait that made her pause. She had heard that Padmé Amidala was beautiful, more so than any other monarch of Naboo. But the talk was wrong. She wasn’t beautiful. She was stunning. Dark brown hair with deep chocolate eyes that held a fire rivalled only by the sun itself. Rey knew just from looking at her that her beauty didn’t come from her appearance alone. It came from the way she held herself. A force to be reckoned with. Now Rey knew where the general got her looks from. Where the latest generation of that bloodline got them from. Rey shook the thought away, but she couldn’t deny it. When he had first taken his helmet off, the first thought – much to her dismay – that came to her head was that he was attractive. Not necessarily in the way Poe was, or even the way Han was in his youth. Not in the conventional sense. It was the aura of power that surrounded him. The slowly simmering fire beneath that smouldering gaze waiting to be released. The way the softness of his skin was pulled tight over the strength of his jaw. The way his helmet-mussed hair framed his pale face with its shadow, accentuating the darkness in his eyes. If that darkness wasn’t the one thing Rey was trying to avoid, it would have been easy to slip into that ocean and drown. As she stared at the painting, Rey realised he had inherited a great many things from his grandmother, including his ample lips. Without noticing, Rey’s teeth were digging into the skin of her own lips hard enough to draw blood. When the metallic tang filled her mouth, she blinked once, twice, clearing her clouded thoughts. “Rey?” The entire convoy had stopped to see where she’d gotten to. They had made significant progress while she was stood lost in her thoughts. Finn was staring at her, gently tilting his head as if to say ‘come on, we can’t keep her waiting’. “Sorry.” She muttered. Taking one last look at Padmé, she scurried to catch up with them. ** She thought he was attractive. She actually thought he was attractive. Kylo was dazed. He had only floated into her head for a moment. The longer they went without speaking, the more curious he got. He had been surprised to see his grandmother’s eyes staring back at him. It had been a while since he’d seen a picture of her. His grandmother had been the one he inherited the majority of his physical traits from, and in turn his mother. The girl had been staring at Padmé Amidala like she was meeting her life’s inspiration. He supposed despite her isolation on Jakku, she had heard of the queen. After all, his grandmother was known to be the greatest queen Naboo ever had. In a way, he agreed. Her existence had pushed his grandfather into the darkness. For that, he thanked her. Then the girl’s thoughts had turned. To something Kylo didn’t quite expect. She hadn’t known he was there, lurking silently in the back of her consciousness. If she had, Kylo had no doubt she would have killed all the thoughts stone dead. He couldn’t quite decide whether it was fortunate or not for him that she hadn’t. From the moment he saw the scavenger on Takodana, he had thought she was… different. Different from other women he’d met, at least. Delicate as a desert flower but unbreakable as a stone wall. She had been the only one to show true bravery in front of him. The only one to fight his fire with hers. To know that she reciprocated those instincts was crushing. Whereas before he thought she detested the notion of him near her, now he couldn’t ignore the terrifying energy between them. Now Snoke would have cause to torture him again. Growling, Kylo decided his next move. She was on Naboo. Without his uncle to protect her. Without his uncle’s lightsaber. Snoke would soon have what he wanted. Notes: Ooh what could possibly happen next...? I hope you all enjoyed chapter four! Please let me know what you thought! Chapter 5 : Salvatore Summary: Finally a bit of proper action! Rey and Kylo finally meet, but does it go the way he wants? Hope you enjoy! Notes: Sorry, it's taking me a while to update, but I've just started college and I don't want to rush these chapters. Thank you so much to everyone who has read it, and sixty portions to everyone who has been kind enough to kudos and comment! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I can’t clear this without the Supreme Leader’s permission.” Kylo snarled. “You will sanction this for me, general, or I will take your head to the Supreme Leader to remind you both just who you’re dealing with.” Even through the menacing rumble of the mask, General Hux appeared unfazed. The redhead cocked an eyebrow at Kylo, challenging him to go ahead and fulfil his threat. Kylo’s fingers twitched, itching to grab his lightsaber and sever the general’s smug smirk from the rest of his face. He had been particularly annoying these last two months with his newfound power over Kylo. Snoke no longer trusted his apprentice and so Kylo had to clear any journey away from The Finalizer with his master, and thus in turn through Hux, who was ordered to keep an eye on him. “Why is it that you want to go to Naboo anyway? Do you want to worship the ground your grandfather walked on?” Hux said, barely able to keep the chuckle from his voice. Kylo growled low in his throat. “Don’t think me a fool to be mocked, general. Or I can just as easily have your beloved cat’s head.” The general straightened at that. If there was one thing Hux loved as much as taunting his fellow commander, it was his cat Millicent. “You wouldn’t dare.” “Oh but I would.” Hux, unfortunately, didn’t take the bait. “Why do you want to go to Naboo?” “The girl is there. Alone and vulnerable. I’m sure it is in the Supreme Leader’s best interests to have her in the hands of the First Order. She may not be there much longer so I have no time to inform him.” Kylo explained through gritted teeth. The general was still unsure. His lower lip was sucked between his teeth in thought. At least it was until a soft meow came from the corner of the control room. The ginger cat, its fur exactly mimicking Hux’s hair colour, padded over to the general. It nuzzled its head against the general’s leg, prompting him to scoop the creature into his arms. Kylo made a point of moving his hand to the hilt of his lightsaber, eyes fixed on Millicent. The cat hissed in return. Hux turned his body to shield Millicent from Kylo’s rage. “Fine.” Smiling triumphantly behind the mask, Kylo waved the general off as he left. ** It would take a day to get to Naboo. A day to be stuck on this ship. A day to wonder what else the girl thought of him. Kylo sat alone in the cockpit of his command shuttle. He preferred to fly alone, though he rarely ever got to. Normally, he was scaring his assigned Stormtroopers into doing his bidding, leaving someone else to pilot the Upsilon-class shuttle. Every judder of the ship irked him then. Whenever a pilot assigned to his shuttle from the Order flew, they would never make a smooth landing. There would never be a flawless take-off. Along with his Force-heightened abilities, he was also the son of a famous smuggler and grandson to a former podracer. So his flying capabilities were outstanding, to say the least. His companions flew in shuttles flanking him. Kylo had refused Stormtrooper assistance, opting instead for a power much stronger. The Knights of Ren, or what was left of them, followed in two separate shuttles to their master’s. Kylo didn’t particularly like spending too much time with those in his charge. Though he had trained with them for several years under Snoke’s guidance, the knights had never taken a shining to their master because of his “tainted” background. Kylo snorted, recalling the events of one particular evening. It had been two years prior, close to the time he had been moved to Starkiller Base to assist in the search for Skywalker. He had been training on Snoke’s mobile base, mostly separate from the other knights. Keeping almost completely to himself, Kylo had a very lonely existence with only his grandfather’s half-melted mask to accompany him. As part of his training, Kylo was required to interrogate every prisoner taken by the First Order and transferred to the base. The practice had greatly improved his telepathic abilities, but with each person it got harder. The things he would see in their minds… The things the First Order had done. The things he had done. When one day he refused to interrogate a young child, claiming they had no need for the orphaned boy, the knights called him soft. They beat him into submission. Being the youngest and least well-built, he was vulnerable to their attacks. It would have been fine, if only they hadn’t reported his weakness to Snoke. A sudden voice filled the cockpit. “Master, we are approaching Theed. We should prepare to touch down.” Barely keeping the growl from his voice, Kylo replied, “Ready yourselves. We shall not be met kindly.” Turning the intercom off, Kylo gripped hold of the controls and guided his shuttle through the Naboo atmosphere. He could feel the girl’s presence, getting stronger with every mile closer he got. When the Theed palace finally came into view, it was almost overwhelming. Trying – and failing – to block it out, he watched the palace grow in his vision. Even to his cold view of the galaxy, the capital was magnificent. Fit for a king. He had only visited once in his life. Over a decade ago with his mother. The little he remembered of the encounter stuck in his memory like an annoying itch. A time when his mother would take him to all the sweet shops and allow him to gorge himself on all he wanted until he felt sick. A time when he had played with the other children in the palace courtyard. A time when he actually recalled being happy. Now the memory filled him with a freezing dread. The two shuttles flanking him overtook his command vessel, soaring in an arc before plunging towards the ground. His knights touched down in the palace courtyard, the wings of the ships folding in. Following suit, Kylo guided his shuttle down, landing just between the others. Leaving the cockpit, he settled his mask over his face. A cruel voice told him he should bare his face to show the other end of the bond just what she’d done to him. But ninety-nine percent of the galaxy had no concept of his true face, of his true identity. He intended to keep it that way. Kylo approached the loading door as it hissed on its hinges, revealing him to the warm winds of Theed. His knights were already out, Force-enhanced weapons in hand. None of them turned to watch their master exit as they normally would. Because all their gazes were already trained elsewhere. The entire population of the palace had come to see their arrival, it seemed. The guards had their blasters trained on the approaching Knights of Ren. Some officials were frantically calling for backup, while others were attempting to herd the queen back into the palace. To her credit, the Queen of Naboo was having none of it. Two of the queen’s companions looked very familiar. One with an unmistakeable orange jacket, the other with a slight hunch in his back. Kylo Ren ignited his lightsaber. And there she was. ** It was like someone was taking over her body. Rey could almost feel every blink of his eye, every thump of his heart. It had never felt like this before. What was different? She was stood at the back of the throne room, leant against a pillar by the door. The conversation going on before her had lost her interest a while ago. The queen sat bone-straight on her throne, overseeing the transition of information from Poe to the three senators stood before him. As disgraceful as the event that wiped out the New Republic had been, the Resistance was lucky that what had survived mostly supported their cause against the First Order. Poe was swiftly relaying Leia’s plans to temporarily rebuild the Senate on D’Qar. Finn shifted uncomfortably from the other pillar lining the door. Since his injury, he hadn’t been able to stand up for a prolonged amount of time, but there were no other chairs in the room. Rey prayed for the meeting to end soon. An idea occurred to her then. As quietly as she could so she didn’t interrupt the discussion, Rey crept over to Finn. The ex-trooper glanced at her suspiciously. She placed a finger over her lips before taking his hand in hers. Closing her eyes, she pushed her Force healing through her palms into his. The tension in his arms instantly relaxed and he gave a sigh of relief. “Thank you.” Finn whispered. Her Force healing ability was something Rey had told her best friend about. It was one of the things she was most prominent in, which surprised her because even Luke couldn’t do it to the extent she could. They both turned their attention back to the intense deliberations at the far end of the grand room. At least they did until the familiar roar of engines filled the air. Through the enormous window behind the throne, Rey saw three Upsilon-class shuttles powering toward the palace. They were large, cast in all-black with giant bird-like wings. She had seen ships like that only once before. Rey shuddered, reaching out in her mind. All she encountered was blackness. He hadn’t closed off the bond. There was no wall blocking her from entering. But she couldn’t see him. Unless… He had his eyes closed, reaching out in turn to her. He was there. Rey was out the door as fast as her feet would carry her. Guards were already soldiering down the hallways, blasters in hand. Finn and Poe burst through the door moments after her. They didn’t say anything, just shot each other a knowing look before readying their own blasters and taking off after the guards. She wasted no time either. Racing down the corridor, she tried to figure out why he was there but he wouldn’t show her anything. Instead of the blank canvas, now he was projecting only a single childhood memory. It shocked Rey that he would allow her to see such things. She reasoned that he must trust her at least a little to see the image of a little boy with blue sugar coating his lips running to catch up with his mother. More guards filtered through, all heading towards one exit. The queen had apparently taken a shortcut and despite the officials trying to force her inside, she resisted and walked proudly into the courtyard to meet her attackers. Rey quickened her pace, emerging into the cool air outside. Should have brought the lightsaber, damn it. The guards parted for her rush through. Her friends remained with the first line of defence as she stormed past, halting just a few paces in front. There he was. Cloaked in his usual black robes and cowl, Kylo Ren stared at her from behind that scarred mask. His whole body tensed at seeing her for the first time since Starkiller. It was different than just talking over the bond. Now, in such close quarters, they could feel each other’s every breath. His scarlet lightsaber was flaring, sparking off and burning the ground around it. She supposed that’s why his cowl was torn; his lightsaber had singed half of it off. They stayed like that for several moments, just listening to each other breathe, waiting for the other to make the first move. “What are you doing here?” She demanded. She was met by radio silence. As if in answer, he twirled his lightsaber around, sending showers of sparks across the ground. A bad move on his part because Finn wasn’t taking any chances. His blaster went off first, shooting the blue bolt towards Kylo. The knight didn’t even flinch, though the bolt stopped inches from his face. Flicking his fingers, the bolt flew off to the side and hit one of the stone pillars lining the covered walkway, reducing the stone to dust. Then he jerked his head towards his companions, who began their approach. The courtyard exploded into a frenzy of blaster bolts. The guards pulled their triggers in rapid succession, the energy that tore out of them shredding any civility that was once held in that palace. Their assaults did nothing to slow the approaching enemies down, who – now that Rey looked at them properly – she recognised as the Knights of Ren. They had been in her vision, now blurry from so many months having passed. She remembered seven – there were seven standing before her now, including their master – all clad in black each with glowing red weapons. Though they weren’t lightsabers, they were definitely forged using kyber crystals. Every bolt was deflected or returned, causing the officials to forcefully push the queen back inside to stop any rubble hitting her. Some of the guards ran out to meet the knights, but were promptly cut down by their strange weapons. Finn and Poe, fortunately, were smart enough to stay at bay. In the chaos, Kylo made for Rey. He stormed toward her, lightsaber slicing through anyone that got in his way. Rey grasped for the blaster at her hip – Han’s blaster – but thought better of it. With his level of weapon, there was nothing she could do without Luke’s lightsaber. Even her beloved staff wouldn’t last a minute against the shaft of flickering red energy. Her feet involuntarily carried her backwards. She stumbled up the steps, almost tripping, as he continued his advance. In front of her, Finn shot up from his kneeling position to face Kylo head on. Poe grabbed for his arm to pull him back down, but she was a second quicker. With a flick of her wrist, she shoved him back to the floor. She would not lose him as well. The knight ignored the ex-trooper. His attention never moved from Rey. She found the unwavering eyes of his mask terrifying. Nothing but the suffocating stench of death radiated off him. After everything she’d been through, after everything she had thought had passed between them, this was how her life would end. Kylo’s hand suddenly shot out. She was thrown backwards, halfway into the hallway. Her head collided with the marble floor, sending sparks of pain through her. Through the black spots culminating in her vision, she saw him flinch, experiencing her pain too. Nevertheless, he kept coming. Rey scrambled to her feet, ignoring the steady throbbing in her head. Desperate, she un-holstered the blaster from her hip but before she could even click off the safety, it was thrown from her hand. She scowled at Kylo, making a point of dragging it back to herself. He was close enough now that she could feel almost every bristle of his skin as if it were her own. Towering above her, she had to crane her neck to stare into his mask. Rey held the blaster out again, finger poised to pull the trigger. Part of her knew she wouldn’t do it. And he knew too. But that didn’t stop him from bringing his saber down, severing the barrel from the grip. Rey gaped incredulously at him. How could he have done that? The one thing she had left of Han, aside from the Falcon . Though she could not see his face, she sensed it remained impassive. Where the saber had cut through the blaster, the metal was melting away from the lightsaber’s heat. She dropped it from the heat singeing her fingertips. Rey fumbled behind her for her staff, but a strong hand on her arm stopped her from doing any such thing. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” The mechanical rasp of his mask made her shudder, bringing back memories of her time on Starkiller Base. Yelling in rage, Rey brought her knee up to collide the bone with the place she imagined he didn’t much fancy being hit. He doubled over, releasing her from his grip but still managing to keep hold of his lightsaber. Narrowly escaping its dark energy, Rey spun and sprinted down the hallway. ** Growling, Kylo rose. If she thought she could best him now, without a lightsaber, with underdeveloped Force abilities, she was wrong. He would not be shown up by her again. The Knights of Ren approached from behind, apparently having dealt with the guards. They were under strict orders not to harm the girl, or the queen. He didn’t have the patience to deal with those repercussions. Everyone else, they were quite at liberty to kill. Apparently that hadn’t meant the girl’s friends. He whirled on his knights. Two of them hauled the traitor and the Resistance pilot before Kylo, forcing them to their knees. He wasn’t going to go through it with them again. He was there for just one purpose. There was no time to have them taken into custody too. Kylo glanced at his knights. “Find her.” They dutifully obeyed, leaving the two prisoners to his judgement. Finn and Poe – that was their names, he thought – scowled up at him. There wasn’t even a hint of fear in their eyes. Finn snarled at him. “If you so much as touch her, I swear to the Maker I will…” He didn’t have time to finish that sentence before Kylo put him in a Force sleep. Poe tried to rise before he was treated to the same fate. He wanted nothing more than to run them both through with his lightsaber, but somehow he doubted that would earn him the girl’s trust. Turning, he left them sprawled on the floor and followed his knights. ** Rey hadn’t gotten far. The palace was more of a labyrinth than the Resistance base. Somehow she’d ended up in the higher levels of the palace, stranded in an isolated corridor that, based on the décor, she assumed led to the queen’s personal chambers. Heavy footsteps pounded behind her. Kriff… Kriff, kriff, kriff! She was powerless, helpless. She was going to die and had no way of stopping it. She would never finish her training, she would never fulfil her vow, she would never have a family . Tears started to flood down her cheeks as the six Knights of Ren appeared at the end of the hallway. In one last desperate attempt, she wrestled her staff from across her body and into her hands. If she had anything to say about it, she would go down fighting. They stormed down the corridor towards her. Rey held her ground, refusing to show any weakness, though her vision was blurred by her tears. Fear pounded in her heart, shaking through her whole body. Her hands shook but her grip remained firm. The first knight that reached her was shrouded by a hood large enough to conceal any features she might have been able to identify. He put away his weapon and reached for her. Bad move, she internally growled and brought her staff up to collide with his abdomen. Then, remembering her impromptu lesson, she spun and slammed the other end into his neck. He fell to his knees, making way for another knight to take his place. The second was extremely familiar, though she only had a fleeting glance of him before. His mask was even more unusual than Kylo’s, with a sort of grate at over the nose and mouth to allow him to breathe. The top was a peculiar disc shape. Like his master, he was clad in all black and carried a Force-enhanced weapon. If Rey were to take a guess, it appeared to be a cross between a bat and a lightsaber, with only a few vents allowing the red light to escape from within. He didn’t waste any time. Charging at her, he lifted the weapon behind his head to swing it down in a vicious arc. Rey stumbled, her feet giving way, almost as if to delay the blow. Her staff skidded out of her hands across the floor. She squeezed her eyes shut and imagined the island. The island in her dreams. The island he now knew too. But the blow never came. The hiss of a lightsaber came too close to Rey for comfort and the scream that resonated after it sent chills down her spine. Her eyes snapped open to reveal the knight with a red, cross-guard lightsaber impaled through his chest. The sparking blade was removed moments later. The knight crumpled to the ground, a gaping hole now burnt through his middle. Rey scurried away from him and onto her feet. The figure holding the lightsaber before her was the other half of her head. Kylo Ren had saved her life. Just like in her vision. She stared at him incredulously. Her vision had shown her many inexplicable things, but she had never once considered that her enemy would actually kill one of his own to save her life. What she felt from him was odd. There was no derision, no regret. Nothing at all. He really didn’t care that he’d just run his comrade through with his lightsaber. His mask turned to her and the feeling changed. She couldn’t quite pinpoint what it was, and she didn’t have time because he started moving towards her. Though she now knew he wasn’t going to kill her, she still turned and ran, grabbing her staff in the process. Whatever it was he wanted with her, he wasn’t going to get it easily. The hallway was longer than it seemed. Her legs carried her quickly, but they were tiring quickly too. A fleeting glance over her shoulder saw him motioning to his knights to remain there while he pursued her. Then he took off after her. She skidded through one of the doors. They opened on to a large circular room, presumably the queen’s personal parlour judging by the vast array of sofas and chaises. One half of the room was open to the cool air blowing in from the lake below. Whirling, she threw the doors closed behind her and ran for the edge of the room, close to the balcony. Rey’s eyes desperately searched around for a weapon, anything she could use against him. When the thunder of footsteps came from behind the door, she willed all of her Force strength to the surface. She put her full power into keeping the door closed. But with her exhaustion and incomplete training, her abilities were weaker than his. The doors burst open under his hand. He prowled in; a predator assessing his prey. Rey wondered how long she could remain a fellow predator. Shooting her hands out in all directions, she tossed various objects in his direction. All of which he tore in half with his lightsaber, advancing anyway. Opting for larger items, like the red chaise beside her, she desperately continued her onslaughts. Rey’s feet took her backwards until her back hit the stone balcony. Running out of options was something she would have the misfortune of soon. Only two ideas occurred to her now: she could either allow herself to be captured… Or she could jump. Realising he had her cornered, Kylo sauntered forward, clicking off his lightsaber. Her staff would be of use now, but she still knew very little advanced combat. She doubted the meagre blows she could inflict would do much against him. She couldn’t. She wouldn’t be taken back to that interrogation chair. She wouldn’t be reminded of who he really was, not who she had recently come to identify. She wouldn’t be given reason to break her promise to Leia. Never again. What she did next was both incredibly brave and incredibly stupid. Clambering onto the balcony, Rey took one look back at him. Her thoughts to him had been loud and clear, and so he hurried to grab her before she could fall. But he was too late. She plunged into the depths. Notes: I'll just leave that ending there. Hope you enjoyed it! Please let me know what you thought. I'll try not to keep you waiting too long! Chapter 6 : Dead In The Water Summary: So what happened after Rey jumped? Time to find out! Notes: Thank you so much to everyone who is reading and kudos-ing and commenting! I can't believe all the love I'm getting! Sixty portions for each and every one of you. Thank you for waiting patiently too. There have been some issues with planning, but it looks like I'm back on track. I know it's a pain, but I want to make this work as good as I can for you all! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Water plunged into her lungs the moment she hit the surface. Her body went limp as the impact shook through her limbs. For a moment, she allowed herself to be dragged under, strangely finding peace in the lake’s soft waves. Her paradise was cut short when she realised she couldn’t swim. She had never learned, of course. And now she was drowning. Her lungs burned as they were starved of oxygen. She tried to thrash in the water, but it only shoved her deeper. Agony lanced through her head as her veins filled up with more and more water. She spluttered; coughing, choking, desperately sucking in any last bubbles of air. What had been the point? She had escaped one death only to embrace another. ** Kylo Ren looked upon Rey’s plunging body in horror. Her terrified scream ripped right through him. When her figure hit the water, he lunged for the balcony, searching for any sign of her. His lungs were scorched, the fire eating up his insides. Just as hers were being devoured. Was this really what she thought of him? Would she really rather die than go with him? Kylo realised he’d overestimated her attitude towards him since the bond formed. He had actually believed she was willing to understand him, to know him. He had felt her vow as she made it. For Skywalker, for General Organa, for Han Solo, she had said. She had promised them she would try her best to see the good in him and bring him back to his family. Though he would never allow for such a thing to happen, no matter how much Snoke beat him, he had believed she was willing to give him a chance. Now it was clear he had been wrong. You’re a monster, she had spat at him. He had never believed her. Until now. Black spots danced in his vision as his lungs contracted. She was dying. And he would feel every second of it. The tether in his mind was splintering, shredding the freshly healed hole in his conscience. He didn’t care if she hated him. He wouldn’t go back to that loneliness. And if she died, Snoke would make damn sure so would he. Kylo stripped off his mask and outer robes. He considered just leaving them there, but he knew he couldn’t re-enter the palace. The guards would have tripled by now. There was no doubt his knights had dealt with at least half of them already, but no amount of power could hold them all off forever. His gloves and outer robes didn’t matter. He had plenty of those to spare. His mask and cowl, however, were in short supply. To be exact, they were limited to just the one. So he wrapped his cowl around his helmet swiftly and tossed it onto the lake shore. Thankfully it landed just out of reach of the lake’s steady waves. Strapping his lightsaber to his belt, Kylo took a running leap off the edge of palace. Flying and falling really were two different things. When you flew, the air supported your weight, whipping around your limbs, carrying you forward. When you fell, the air slammed into you like a brick wall. Kylo barely felt it as he fought to angle his body right. He hit the water in a graceful dive, plunging under and up to the surface. Glancing frantically around, he searched for any indication of where she had gone under. The black spots were getting bigger with every second, his throat getting tighter the harder he tried to breathe. There. Rey’s staff lay floating amongst the waves. He had never understood her attachment to it. She felt lost whenever it wasn’t within easy reach. It had helped her to survive on that scorching planet she called home. It had been her only lifeline when she had nothing, no-one, to lean on. So lonely… Out of all the things he had seen in her mind that day, the image of those five thousand scratch marks was the one that stuck in his memory the most. So long she had waited. Waited for her family, for somewhere to belong. Waited for someone she could call home. With his uncle, she thought she had found that belonging. But not a home. He wondered if she knew he sought the same thing. Kylo sank beneath the surface, sucking in whatever air he had left. Swimming had never been his strong suit, but he shoved himself forward anyway. Rey had gone limp, sinking to the bottom of lake. Tiny pockets of air escaped her nostrils as her eyes drifted closed. Her normally pale lips were turning bluer by the second. She was close to death. He could feel it. “Don’t you dare!” He reached her with only moments to spare. Wrapping one strong arm around her waist, Kylo hauled them both to the surface. Despite her dead weight, she was still as light as he remembered. All muscle and bone. The shore wasn’t far away. He pulled her tight to his chest as he swam for the water’s edge, making sure to keep her head above the water. As he passed, he grabbed her staff and dragged it along with them. He couldn’t imagine how angry she would be if she lost that. When he was able to set his feet on the lake’s floor, he strapped the staff across his back and curled his spare arm under her legs. There was something so natural about carrying her this way. The day they first met, he could have slung her over his shoulder or even ordered a Stormtrooper to carry her for him. When she had collapsed into his arms, however, he couldn’t have been anything but gentle with her. She began to stir in his arms, the Force inside her already beginning its healing process. Such a miracle could never occur in him, only those who shone as brightly as she did. Even his uncle didn’t share the healing gift she possessed. Laying her softly on the gravel shore, he placed her staff close by her. He leaned over her then, keeping one hand steady underneath her neck. He wasn’t going to have to do CPR on her, was he? “Rey?” Kylo opened her mouth with his thumb and checked her pulse. It was steadily thrumming, getting stronger and stronger. “Come on, wake up.” Eventually, her chest heaved and she choked out the water that resided in her lungs. The pain in his head receded as she drew in gulps of air. Her eyes flickered open and instantly focused on him, halting her recovery. For a second, the world seemed to stop. Like in their dream. They stared at each other, neither moving but both feeling Naboo slip away from around them. What was this? Her fingers lifted and he moved her staff closer to her hand. She ignored it, instead bringing them up to rest against his face. No. Against his scar. The scar she had given him. Pain flooded her eyes. It was the first time she had seen what she had done to him. Whenever they had talked, he had kept that image out of his consciousness. Kylo couldn’t decide whether that was because he didn’t want to upset her, or if he wanted her to see it for real. Rey didn’t seem to realise just who’s face she was touching because her fingers kept skimming the edge of his jaw, horrified by the rough, raised line of skin there. Then her eyes met his. Her fingers jumped away, both palms shoving him away from her. She scrambled away from him, grabbing her staff and stumbling away. Kylo watched her incredulously as she stormed away. ** Kylo Ren had saved her. Twice. Is he really that stupid? Rey snarled to herself. Doesn’t he realise that the more he saves me, the longer I stay alive? The more opportunity I have to kill him. She wouldn’t do that. She knew she wouldn’t kill him. Though it was nice to fantasise about it every now and again. Rey didn’t understand why she was so enraged. She should have been grateful. He had saved her life . Either she was reverting back to her primitive, Jakku survival instincts, or being this close to him was making his traits merge with hers. She was wandering aimlessly now. Heading towards the palace meant she was going in the right direction, but it was no use if she couldn’t find a way back up. If she could just find Poe and Finn, they could get the Falcon and get back to D’Qar before... A mechanical hiss sounded behind her. Whirling, she was confronted with the mask. The mask she hated more than the man underneath. Those fathomless eyes stared out at her from beneath the cowl, shielding his true face. That strong, gentle face with that sickening scar slashed across it. “Why?” She snapped. Confusion flooded across the bond, though his countenance betrayed nothing. “Why did you save me?” “The Supreme Leader has use for you. I am to bring you to him.” The rasp of the mask cut through her like glass. Her fears had been right. It had been to satisfy his own agenda, to keep Snoke off his back. But something about his rigid form told her that was only part of the truth. “You know I’ll never go with you.” “I don’t need your permission.” He waved his hand and her world went black. Notes: I know, I know. It's very short. But it's just the resolution of the previous chapter. The next one will be much longer I promise. Hope you all enjoyed! Don't forget to let me know what you thought! Chapter 7 : All In My Head Summary: Rey's been taken against her will, and she isn't best pleased about it. Enjoy! Notes: Thank you everyone for being so patient with me. And thank you so much for your continued support. I am so honoured to have such wonderful readers! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The gentle shaking of his shoulder woke Finn from his Force-induced sleep. “Hey,” A voice, deep and warm, whispered frantically into his ear. “Hey, come on. Wake up.” Finn lifted himself on aching arms, turning his head only to find himself looking into Poe’s eyes. Their faces were mere inches apart, their lips just moments from… Finn shook himself, suddenly reminded of where they were. Poe remained unfazed as he grasped the younger man’s arm and hauled him upright, steadying him with a hand on his chest. “We have to find Rey.” Rey! He had almost forgotten about Rey, about his best friend. How could you forget about her, you idiot! Taking off with Poe at his side, Finn raced down the hallway, following the stench of burning flesh. The source of that smell was soon to be discovered by the Resistance fighters as they advanced onto the higher levels. A body lay strewn across the marble floor, blood spilling from the hole in his chest. It was a Knight of Ren. Killed by a lightsaber. Finn’s brow furrowed in confusion as Poe gagged at the smell. If he had been struck down by a lightsaber, either Rey had gotten her hands on her pursuer’s, or the knight had been killed by his own master. That didn’t make any sense. Sure, Rey had told him about her vision back on Takodana. About how she had seen their nemesis plunge his saber into his comrade’s back – out of habit, he was sure. But what would give him cause to do it now? Finn didn’t have time to mull it over. “Finn…” Poe was stood near the window, eyes fixated. When the pilot turned to him, Finn saw nothing but fear. “I think you should come and see this.” Cautiously approaching the window, déjà vu hit him. Not again. Finn prayed that she was asleep. He could never find the strength to accept a far worse truth. Because there she was, lying limp in the arms of Kylo Ren as he carried her onto his ship. ** Rey woke to the thud of Stormtrooper boots. No, she thought, Not here. Could he really have been that cruel? Could he really have dragged her back to that chair? He’s not who you see in his mind. When she tried to get up, however, there were no clamps holding her in place. Instead, she was lying on a cold metal slab wrapped in a thin blanket. Rey wrestled herself out of the material and stood. It was a small cell. Just enough room for a bed and what could only be described as a child’s desk, with a small refresher off to one side. No shower, much to her dismay. She had become quite fond of showers, having taken at least three in the day she’d been back on D’Qar. But her disappointment melted away when she saw her staff leant against the wall. Sat atop the desk was a small plate with a crust of bread and a few small rations of meat. Did he really think that was funny? Giving her the only food she had eaten for over ten years. She was about to push the plate away when her stomach gave a warning growl. It had been at least two days since her last proper meal. If she were going to get out of there, she couldn’t afford to be picky. Surprisingly, she found that she had been left with a small offering of butter and jam. She smiled a bit before spreading them over the bread and shoving a piece of meat into her mouth. It was delicious. Nothing like the tasteless rations on Jakku. Rey inhaled the meagre rations, sitting cross-legged on her cot. With every bite, she could feel herself getting stronger. Being stuck under water had certainly taken it out of her. Even with being saved, she had no idea how she had managed to survive. She shuddered at the memory of waking up to his face. It was just like she remembered, only now with a thick red scar running from the bottom left of his jaw, over the bridge of his nose and ending just above his right eyebrow. From what she had seen, it had even partially extended onto his shoulder. Seeing him like that, without the mask, made him look vulnerable. Not innocent. Not breakable. Just exposed, like she could see who he truly was. Who he hid behind that cold exterior. It shook her to think that perhaps he really wasn’t so cruel. She couldn’t comprehend why she had felt so compelled to touch that scar. The scar she had given him in a moment of rage. A moment of weakness. It had been rough under her fingertips but it had not marred his features. It made him seem younger somehow. More like the boy Luke had told her about. The boy she had imagined running after Luke, tugging his Jedi robes, desperate to become his uncle. The boy with so little restraint. And so much to answer for. Rey’s musings were cut short when the door suddenly slid open. She jumped up, hand immediately closing around her staff. The plate of food, now little more than crumbs, clattered to the floor. The figure who strode in would hardly care. Kylo Ren stood before her, clad all in black, his outer robes and mask back in place. She had forgotten just how tall he was. A skyscraper to her little hut. He towered over her small frame, close enough in the small quarters that he had to look down at her. The bond had been closed off since he had pulled her from the water, but now with their close proximity, it was difficult not to feel it. “Did you enjoy your meal?” So that’s how this is going to go. “Better than I expected.” She retorted, moving her staff to a less threatening position. Here – wherever ‘here’ was – she doubted he would try anything. “Where am I? And don’t say I’m your guest again.” She swore she could feel him smiling behind the mask. “ The Finalizer. A Resurgent-class Star Destroyer. Perhaps you’ve heard of it?” “Hard not to when you’re constantly going on about how much you hate living here.” He said nothing to that, choosing instead to focus his attention on her staff. Her fingers tightened on grip, eyeing him wearily. He wouldn’t dare take her staff from her. Kylo must have felt her suspicion because he chuckled. “If I were going to take it from you, I wouldn’t have left it in this cell for you.” Rey relaxed a little. “Then stop admiring it.” “Did you make it yourself?” Surprised, Rey glanced from her staff to the knight before her. “What?” “Did you make it?” He asked again. His voice was eerily calm, casual. “Since you lived alone on Jakku, surrounded by all those spare parts, I assume you made many of your commodities yourself.” Was he actually trying to make conversation? Or trying to delay the inevitable? “No,” She said, trying to keep her voice equally as calm. “I bartered it from a merchant passing through when I was twelve. The strap and grip guards are all my own work.” He nodded in appreciation before turning back to her. “Your training begins tomorrow morning.” “My training?” Rey was incredulous. He couldn’t really expect to teach her just like that. Unless he wasn’t going to do it… Shaking, she sank down onto the edge of her cot. Kylo knelt in front of her, careful not to touch her. “Snoke wishes to meet you, but he won’t be training you. The Supreme Leader agrees that after training with Skywalker, it would be too much of a change to start immediately under his tutelage.” “I didn’t think he trusted you anymore.” She laughed half-heartedly. “Apparently I have earned that trust back.” By bringing me here. “I thought I said I didn’t want to be your student.” Her voice turned hard and cold. “I don’t want to learn from you. I will not betray Master Luke.” Kylo bristled at his uncle’s name, rising away from her. “You will not be learning the dark side. Not yet. First, you have to master the basics.” “I won’t ever be learning the dark side.” She growled. “We’ll see.” ** The Resistance base was in chaos. Everybody had heard about Rey’s capture. The moment Finn and Poe had arrived, they had scampered to the control room and frantically told General Organa and her brother about what they had seen. The Jedi Master had uttered a string of curses while the general relayed the message across the base. Within moments everyone knew, from Admiral Ackbar to even the janitorial staff. D’Qar was abuzz with the news. All the high-ranking officers were in the control room soon enough, ready to discuss their next move. If Rey knew what a fuss they were making over her, she would be furious. Finn’s best friend thought herself to be unimportant. Unremarkable and not worthy of such attention. But she was the most powerful Force-user the galaxy had seen in decades. She would be the one to save them all. That’s why they needed to get her back. “Forget the Stormtrooper Academy. Forget finding Snoke’s base. Forget everything. Our number one priority now is retrieving Rey.” Leia was stood at the head of table, hands curled into fists against the surface. Finn hadn’t seen her this tense since their arrival from Takodana. “We don’t even know where she is, general. How do you suggest we retrieve her?” Captain Snap Wexley said from the other side of the table. “He has her,” Finn interjected. Everyone turned to look at him. They had listened to his and Poe’s story intently but by this point, they had gotten sick of his interruptions. “Kylo Ren has her.” “We know that, Master Finn.” Major Ematt sighed. “Which means that she is on The Finalizer , the First Order’s Star Destroyer. I don’t know much about Snoke’s base, but I heard it was a mobile base, too small for the entire First Order to reside there. And the Stormtrooper Academy is too out of the way for their base. Their only logical place to house their main operations is that Destroyer. She has to be there.” Leia smiled, proud of him. The general had become quite fond of him these past months, being the first to suggest he learn to become a pilot. Major Ematt nodded and said, “That’s a good point. However, we cannot attack the Destroyer. It is far too heavily armed for what little we have left after Starkiller Base.” “What would the First Order even want with Rey? If they were going to kill her, Ren would have done that on Naboo.” Admiral Ackbar chimed in. Everyone silenced for a moment, considering. Their eyes all wandered toward Leia, who had stiffened at the mention of her son’s name. Finn leaned close – or closer – to Poe sitting next to him and whispered, “Does everyone know he’s her son?” Poe quietly chuckled and leaned in, his lips almost brushing Finn’s ear, “Worst kept secret in the Resistance. Everyone knows. Nobody talks about it.” Master Luke, who sat in the shadows overseeing the meeting, suddenly stood. Attention shifted from the general to her brother as he approached. “He doesn’t want to kill her. We know that for a fact.” Finn’s brow furrowed. How could they be so sure? Apparently everyone else was wondering the same thing because they waited for him to elaborate. Luke turned to Leia, a question in his eyes, to which Leia responded with a curt nod. Taking a deep breath, Luke began, “My Padawan shares something called a Force bond with Kylo Ren. This is an ancient, rare connection that has not existed for many decades, possibly even centuries. It allows them to see into each other’s heads, experience the other’s presences – both physical and emotional. This bond becomes so embedded into who a Force-user is that if it were to be ripped away, it would be like dying. Kylo Ren will not kill Rey, because he cannot kill himself.” Finn gaped. A what ? And he was only thinking to tell them this now? More to the point, why hadn’t Rey told him? Poe was equally shocked. The commander rose, gripping the table for support, as he tried to comprehend the new information. “So you’re saying that Rey can see into our enemy’s head? She knows where he is at all times, knows what he’s doing. With all due respect, that is valuable information. Information we could have used against the First Order!” “I understand that, commander,” Leia’s stern voice made Poe sink down into his chair. “But my brother and I were not aware of this bond until a few days ago. Rey, we don’t think, wasn’t even aware for a long while. It was a massive shock to her to learn that she shared this connection. A forbidden connection, in her eyes. Can you blame her for being anxious to share it?” No-one dared to challenge the general. “We are confident that no harm will come to Rey. But my nephew will attempt to train her in the ways of the dark side. If we do not liberate her soon, she may succumb.” Luke said gravely. Rage shuddered through Finn. “How can you have so little faith in her?” His voice was low, dangerous. He wouldn’t have anyone, not even Rey’s master, insult her like that. “Because, Master Finn, it is extremely easy to fall to the dark side. Even for those with the purest of light inside them. When I was Rey’s age, I found it difficult to fight the dark side calling to me. She is stronger than I ever was, but she has much more anger and fear. If she resists, Rey will be the hero we already know her to be. If she falls… If she falls, we should all be afraid.” ** Pacing the floor of his quarters, Kylo Ren deliberated the inevitable difficulties of teaching Rey. He knew she was powerful, but still largely untrained. He could outmatch her in a battle now, but her raw power would be unpredictable. She would be harder to teach restraint than even he was. Part of him didn’t want to teach her control. He wanted to prod her and push her, frustrate her and anger her until she lashed out, just to see what she could do. Though it would do him no good to push her. He would probably end up dead in the process. And after seeing what she had done, he had no doubt she would destroy herself. Snoke wanted him to teach her the basics: control, combat and the basic Force abilities. After that she would be turned over to him and the Supreme Leader would hone her into a weapon. Kylo bristled at the thought. What the Supreme Leader had made him was dangerous enough. He wasn’t sure he wanted to see how cold he could make her. To Kylo, that’s what made her unique. Her ability to be tough when she had to be, but warm and compassionate always. He pushed the thoughts away, storing them for another time. His eyes were drooping. Not sleeping for almost two days was not doing him any favours. Stripping down to his undergarments, he climbed into bed, waving a hand for the lights to dim. Since the nightmares had started up again, he couldn’t sleep in total darkness. “A little ironic, don’t you think?” Rey’s voice flooded into his mind. “Do you mind?” He growled. “Some of us are trying to sleep.” “Well I would be if this weren’t so damn uncomfortable.” He realised she was talking about the metal slab they dared to call a bed in her cell. Kylo had managed to acquire some spare blankets from the servant’s quarters to wrap her in. After being in the water, she had been shivering like she was on Hoth. “Thank you, by the way.” She said softly. Kylo was taken aback. “For what?” “For the blankets,” Rey whispered. “And for saving my life.” “Your welcome,” He smirked a bit. “Now go to sleep.” ** Frost kissed her skin, melting away against the hot touch of her flesh. Her feet sunk into the snow as she danced forward and back. Two objects collided in front of her, hissing from the contact. One was a brilliant red, flaring off in all directions. The other was an ethereal blue, its silver hit gripped in her hands. Through the bright lights flashing between them, Rey couldn’t clearly see her opponent. He was tall, clothed in black. His head was crowned in a dark halo of hair, framing his obsidian eyes. She knew him. Kylo Ren. The name came to her like a whisper on the wind. The trees around them rustled, spectating their wonderful game of war. They weren’t fighting, though. They really were just playing. Her opponent was grinning, stretching that scar. It was paler now, more faded. Like something was causing it to heal. Rey found herself grinning back as she met each swing of his lightsaber with hers. When one swing came too low for her liking, she caught hold of his wrist, pushing it down so his saber singed the snow. Trying to bring her own lightsaber down upon his, Rey found herself trapped in the vice of his hand. They struggled like this for a moment, every stretch of their arms bringing them closer together. Kylo moved his feet forward, forcing her back. She allowed him to push her until she collided with something rough. The bark of a tree. Her eyes met his. They bore into her, the smile gone and replaced with something much more feral. Her teeth dug into her lower lip as her grip loosened on her lightsaber. Her opponent smirked. He leaned in… No! No, she didn’t want this. So why was every instinct inside her telling her that she did? Involuntarily, her eyes fluttered closed, her head tilting up to meet his. Almost there. Almost… The dream melted away. Notes: Wow, chapter seven is done. I can't believe how far I'm getting with this. Hope you enjoyed! Don't forget to let me know what you thought. Chapter 8 : The Little Things Give You Away Summary: Force ghosts! Yay! Rey starts her training with Kylo, but of course it doesn't go smoothly. Enjoy! Notes: Thank you all so much for your kudos and lovely comments. I feel so blessed! I would also like to thank you all for your patience. It's not easy to write for such a wonderful audience. I just want to make it perfect for you guys! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Snow flashed through his mind. Snow shining red and blue. Snow melting on hot skin as two bodies fought against each other – fought against their own desires. Kylo Ren growled at the images. He couldn’t shove them out, no matter how much he tried. They were far too real for his liking. Snoke hadn’t told him much about where the dreams were coming from, but he knew enough about the Force to guess. The energy that flowed through all living things revealed itself in strange ways. From a young age, it had presented itself in him through an exceptional affinity at reading people’s thoughts. In her, it showed itself in a rare excellence at mind control and healing. Together, it came through the bond. Through the dreams. The Force had a tendency to hint at the future to those it blessed with its presence. Kylo didn’t believe for a second that the battle in the snow would repeat itself. But it unnerved him to think that he and Rey might share such a moment elsewhere. Stormtroopers marched past as he thundered down the hallways towards the cells. He thanked the Maker that they couldn’t hear his thoughts the way he could hear theirs. Only fleeting images and sounds, but enough to know they were terrified of his dark looming form. Ever since he could remember, he had been able to see what people were thinking without meaning to. He’d seen just how much people loved him as a child – and just how terrified they were when he got older. The only ones he couldn’t read without forcing himself inside their minds were other Force users. Kylo thanked the Maker for that too. He doubted he wanted to see what horrors Snoke’s mind conjured up. As he turned into the hallway where Rey was kept, Kylo steeled himself. He wouldn’t mention the dream. He would even close the bond so she couldn’t see that his thoughts never wavered from it. She was his enemy. She would always be his enemy. But... She was his apprentice now. The other half of his consciousness. And it was only a matter of time before she became his ally, maybe his friend. You have compassion for her. The Supreme Leader’s voice boomed through his head. The thought had been preposterous when Snoke had first said it. Now, though… Kylo couldn’t hurt her. He had saved her life when it would have been easier to let that thorn in his side drown. He cared for her, against his better judgement, and part of him wanted to believe she returned the sentiment. Rey’s cell was at the end of the hall, guarded by two Stormtroopers. Kylo almost laughed at that. If she wanted to, Rey could have easily manipulated these troopers into leaving their stations and setting her free. Hux was an idiot if he thought this was all the security she needed. Kylo waved the troopers off. They each gave a respectful nod before marching off down the hallway. He watched them go and the moment they rounded the corner, Kylo inputted the code into the keypad beside the door. It slid open with a hiss. Rey was sat on her cot, back straight against the wall and eyes fixed ahead. She didn’t move as the door opened, didn’t even look up as he entered. In fact, she looked like she’d seen a ghost. Or lost her mind. It disturbed him to see her like this. He cleared his throat and her eyes snapped to him. No other part of her body shifted, just those hazel eyes. Eyes that bore so much pain, too much wisdom for such a young person. She wasn’t just a survivor. She was a fighter. “It’s time.” ** Why did it always end like that? Rey had woken from her dream two hours before, but she still couldn’t come to terms with it. She hated herself in those dreams. Hated that she couldn’t control her own actions. Like the Force bond was telling her what she wanted. Over the last couple of weeks, Rey had come to acknowledge that Kylo Ren was not the cold-hearted enemy she had previously recognised. That perhaps he was worthy of his family’s hopes, of her vow to bring him home. And while she believed she could achieve that far easier being able to physically interact with him, Rey knew that what her dreams were showing her was definitely not what she wanted. The door to her cell slid open, revealing her new “master”. Ugh, she thought, I’ll never get used to that. Rey didn’t deign to look at him. She knew she looked like a zombie, staring intently at the wall. But she didn’t care. The last thing in the galaxy she wanted to do was speak to him. He had brought her here against her will. He believed he was just going to train her, with her consent or not. He might have saved her and given her blankets, but that didn’t change that he had kidnapped her. Again. She would fight him every step of the way. She wouldn’t make it easy for him. And in the end, she would drag his arrogant arse back to his mother if she had to. Kylo cleared his throat. Fighting the urge to snort, she fixed her eyes on him. He was still wearing that gods-damned mask. She swore that once she got him out of it, she would drop it in the sinking fields of Jakku. “It’s time.” Rey didn’t reply. Strapping her staff across her back, she shoved past him through the door and stormed off down the hallway. She wouldn’t try anything, he knew that. It wouldn’t be worth it. She’d get two steps on this Destroyer and a Stormtrooper would be holding a blaster to her head. At the end of the hallway, Rey didn’t turn to see if Kylo was following her. His footsteps were closing in behind her and before he could reach her, she turned right, ready to storm ahead once again. “It’s the other way.” Kylo’s voice was bordering on a chuckle. Rey spun and marched in the other direction. “I hate you.” She grumbled as she passed his towering form, one gloved hand pointing to the left. “I know.” ** The training room was enormous. Despite herself, Rey appraised it with awe. The chamber was vast and hollow, with even her quiet, cushioned footsteps echoing. Training mats adorned the floor, all of which bore the scars of years of brutality. Some were even scorched at the corners. One end of the room was lined with targets. She raised an eyebrow at Kylo’s back as he shut the door behind them. This was his personal training room. The only Stormtroopers that came in here were the ones he ordered to spar with him. Shrugging, she supposed even he had to learn how to shoot a blaster. The other end was a makeshift gym, with weights, bars hanging from the ceiling and even punching bags. She imagined Kylo working out in here. It would have been innocent if he hadn’t been shirtless. Shirtless and incredibly toned. Just the bond. Just the bond messing with your head. She was glad he had shut her out now. “Alright,” He finally said. “Let’s see what you can do.” Rey turned to him. Lingering by the door, Kylo watched intently as she manoeuvred her staff into her hands, settling into a fighting stance. He held a hand out in front of him. “I meant Force-wise.” “Oh,” Her face fell. If there had been anything she was looking forward to, it was knocking Kylo on his backside again. She searched around her, looking for something to move. There were stashes of training equipment pushed to the sides: wooden staffs, blasters and sabers. She considered, but moving the staffs wouldn’t be anything impressive to him and moving the others would be downright dangerous. Instead, she shot her hand towards the array of weights, focusing on one of the heaviest ones. It juddered for a moment but lifted anyway. Rey shifted her arm sideways, towards Kylo, gesturing for the weight to follow. But she moved too quickly. The weight flew directly at Kylo’s head. She clamped a hand over her mouth as she watched him duck, the weight soaring over him and smashing into the wall. If he had been any slower… well at least she wouldn’t have had to dispose of his helmet. Kylo straightened, his rigid posture returning. From what little she could feel bleeding through the cracks of the steel shutters he had put up, he wasn’t angry. In fact, he was amused. “Skywalker really didn’t teach you a lot, did he?” Anger rattled through her though she knew he was right. In the last six months, she had learned little more than how to meditate and focus her mind. But it gave him no right to insult her. Rey slammed through the barriers he’d put around his mind, invading his head the way he once had invaded hers. She barrelled through, trying to poke at as many memories as she could. Images of a snowy forest, a burning desert town, a child on his knees with trembling lips. She didn’t bother looking at them, didn’t want to see all the horrors. At least she didn’t until she came upon a door locked and bolted more tightly than any other. She pounded on the barrier, but it barely made a dent. Glimpses flooded through in the wake of those scratches, showing her a boy with big brown eyes and ears too big for his face. A boy grinning at a model X-Wing, sitting on his father’s shoulders, arguing with a giant Wookiee about a game she couldn’t see. A boy with so much power that they cowered away from him, staring at him as though he were the devil incarnate. Jealous eyes, cruel eyes, frightened eyes. No love at all. Kylo’s consciousness tried to shove her out, pleading with her to retreat. “You’re no better than Snoke.” Rey drew back as though he had hit her. The lapse in her strength allowed Kylo to push her out and back into her own body. She fell backwards from the force of it, tears stinging in her eyes. What had she done? Kylo was seething, his body quivering with rage. She wondered if he would hurt her, kill her this time. Part of her told her she deserved it. She hadn’t hurt him physically the way Snoke did, but she had no right to see that. He did no such thing. Instead, he turned on his heel and stormed out of the training room, leaving her breathless and trembling. ** The metallic tang of burning electrics filtered through the mask, almost as overwhelming as the roaring in his ears. The entire deck had silenced when they heard his screaming. It was louder than ever, even muffling the strike of his lightsaber against the wall outside his chambers. Why did she have to be so difficult? Why did she have to look there, where not even he dared to look anymore. What had she seen ? Snoke’s orders had been simple. He was to train her. At first, he’d thought the most difficult part would be getting her to listen to him, not her fighting back. Not her taking revenge for what he had once done to her. She deserved vengeance for that intrusion. An invasion he regretted. Seeing that loneliness, that powerlessness… that hope that someone would come for her and she wouldn’t be so alone anymore. It had almost driven him mad. It surprised him that she hadn’t already lost all sanity. But she never should have seen that. She never should have been able to break through his defences, the way she had since the moment they’d met. He hated her more and more the closer she got. Hated himself for the knowledge that he could never despise her the way he wanted to. Rey, he had no doubt, would try to understand him better with those new images inside her head. She would write her vow anew, promise to return those memories back to his conscious, back to his family. Why didn’t she understand that he couldn’t go back? He didn’t want to go back. He had left that life behind far too long ago to return. Those memories, that boy he had been – they were his weakness, his greatest fear. Kylo clicked off his lightsaber and stormed into his chambers, throwing the weapon onto the couch. For a moment, he just stood there, unsure of what to do. He had just left her there, almost in tears on the floor. On the way back, he had growled at some of the dodging Stormtroopers to take her back to her cell. Her cell. Her cold, unforgiving cell. She would return there with no food and no comfort. Why did he even care? He wasn’t thinking straight, and when he couldn’t clear his mind, there was only one place he could go. Kylo waved his hand in front of him and a hidden door beside the refresher slid aside. It revealed a hollow chamber, spacious enough only for his large frame and a pedestal on top of which sat his grandfather’s mask. It was strange even to him that he would keep such a haunting object. After being hidden from his legacy his entire life, however, it only seemed right to keep his grandfather’s spirit alive. Sitting before it, Kylo folded his hands in his lap. He stared at the bottomless eyes of the mask before him, at the melted and disfigured metal. For the first time, he found he had nothing to say. He sighed, about to rise when a voice called to him. “Ben?” Kylo’s head darted up. No-one called him that. No-one on the ship even knew that was his real name. No-one but Rey, and it certainly wasn’t her voice. Beside his grandfather’s mask, surrounded by an ethereal blue glow, stood a young man. He must have been no older than Kylo himself, with shoulder-length brown hair and crystal blue eyes. He recognised those eyes. His uncle’s eyes. The man was dressed in traditional Jedi robes, a lightsaber at his waist. That lightsaber… Anakin Skywalker. “Grandfather?” Kylo’s voice was barely a whisper, disbelief coursing through him. He had never seen a Force ghost before, had never believed they were even real. His uncle had told him stories about the ghosts, but cynical as Kylo had always been, he had thought they were just fairy tales. “Take off that mask. You don’t need it.” Anakin ordered. Kylo could barely breathe. He’d heard those words before. On a bridge long since destroyed. So much pain, so much loss. If only he could hear that voice one last time. He didn’t defy the Jedi before him, nothing like the Sith Lord he had envisioned. Snoke had told him how Darth Vader had returned to the light to save his son. That it had been a moment of weakness on his grandfather’s part. Kylo had always believed that, but this was not Darth Vader before him. It was Anakin: Jedi, husband, father . Reaching up, Kylo unlocked the clasps of his mask and pulled it off. Anakin’s reaction was nothing short of shock. For the first time, he would see his grandson. See the monster he had become. “Ben Solo. Look how you’ve grown!” Anakin grinned. “Obi Wan would be proud.” I doubt that. “I don’t.” Kylo gaped at him incredulously. Could he actually hear him? “Well, of course I can.” Anakin grinned, unnerving Kylo even more. “I am a Force ghost, Ben. I can see and hear everything.” “Stop calling me that.” Disapproval furrowed across Anakin’s brow. “But that is your name, is it not? Ben Solo. I like it much better than the Kylo Ren masquerade you hide behind.” “I thought you would prefer my name now, prefer me as I am now.” Kylo countered, desperate for his grandfather not to say what he knew was coming. “Whatever gave you that idea?” Anakin glanced to the mask and shook his head. “I watched you growing up, Ben. You were going to become a wonderful Jedi, so powerful but so compassionate.” “But…” Anakin held up a hand. “Spare me your explanations. I know exactly what happened. I watched Snoke corrupt you and I could do nothing to stop it. I know what you have done. But I am proud of you anyway, as is your namesake. He told me so himself.” “How can you be proud of me?” Kylo muttered. This was not how his grandfather was supposed to be. He had been a Sith Lord, strong and feared by all. Nothing had stood in his way. His grandfather was supposed to say how wonderful a job he was doing following in his footsteps. He was supposed to give him reassurance that the light he felt tugging at his insides would be soon to leave. That whatever he felt for the scavenger was nothing but contempt. Not be an actual grandfather. “I turned to the dark side for your grandmother. And I lost everything in the process.” As if that were an answer. Kylo stayed silent, waiting for him to elaborate. Anakin placed a hand gently on his ruined mask. “I see what that girl is doing to you, Ben. You were not gifted with a Force bond without reason. She is kind and compassionate, just as you are. There is so much light in her, so much fire. She is rekindling that fire inside you.” Kylo grimaced Ignoring him, Anakin continued, “Everything you’re feeling… Don’t ignore it, Ben. The path you have chosen is not set in stone. And while I respect you for fighting for what you believe in, I think you and I both know that it isn’t truly what you believe in.” “And you know what that is, do you?” He snarled. He couldn’t bear what his grandfather was telling him. He couldn’t bear the truth of it all. “I know why you sent that warning to your mother.” “A foolish move. A coward’s move.” “A Jedi’s move.” Kylo looked up at his grandfather then. Anakin was smirking at him. Arrogant bastard. Rey would have said the same thing about him. “Just think about it.” And then he disappeared. Notes: So how will Kylo deal with that?! Hope you enjoyed! Chapter nine, I regret to say, might take a bit longer, but hopefully it'll be worth it! Don't forget to let me know what you thought (honestly please!) Chapter 9 : A Line In The Sand Summary: Rey's training continues ;) Enjoy! Notes: I know I say it at the beginning of every chapter, but thank you so much for reading and kudos-ing and commenting. But most of all for being so patient. You're all wonderful! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey tapped her foot impatiently against the metal floor. She couldn’t bear all this waiting. After her “master” had stormed out the training room, the only company she had was that of her thoughts and silent Stormtroopers. Staring at their helmets on the way back to her cell, all she could think about was Finn. Her best friend who would no doubt be screaming from the rooftops by now. Tears pricked in her eyes. Had he seen her jump into the lake? Seen her in the arms of the man he despised? Rey couldn’t imagine that kind of fear. Finn cared for her more than she wanted him to. More than she deserved. She and Poe were the first friends he’d ever had, the only ones to show him any kindness. It was a miracle she hadn’t done the same. Despite her affection for her friends, for Leia and Master Luke, she couldn’t picture herself feeling lost without them by her side. Years of isolation on a planet like Jakku had taught her to never get attached to anyone for too long. They usually ended up dead. The thought of the Resistance making her rescue their priority, even over defeating the First Order, brought bile to the recesses of her mouth. No-one – not even she, a highly Force-sensitive Jedi-to-be – was worthy of such attention. That night had passed slowly. There had been no dreams to contend with, to her relief, but sleep had still eluded her. The bond had been buzzing all night, his strongest emotions begging to get through the seal. Confusion, disbelief, rage and self-hatred. That last one rattled her the most. Now, with very little rest and a growling stomach, she sat restless on the edge of her bed, waiting for the day of inevitable awkward silence to begin. Rey wasn’t sure whether she should apologise for what she’d seen. The images she’d extracted were personal. But she felt she knew him better, if only a little. Seeing the boy he had been made it easier to imagine the man he could be. After an hour, it seemed like Kylo wasn’t coming. Not surprising given how angry he’d been. Part of Rey wished he’d come; she desperately wanted someone to talk to. Eventually, if he didn’t show, she would start talking to the walls. The door slid open with a sudden jolt. Rey scrambled to her feet, expecting the dark knight. Her shoulders slumped when two Stormtroopers walked in. “Let me guess,” She sighed, “He’s not coming?” The Stormtroopers were surprised at her forwardness but answered anyway, “Oh no, Miss, Master Ren is coming. He has requested you wear these.” Rey’s attention moved to the folds of material in one of the trooper’s arms. Training robes. Black training robes. She snorted. “If he thinks I’m wearing them, then he’s more of an idiot than I thought he was.” The troopers exchanged a glance. She was sure that beneath their visors their eyes were wide. The one carrying the robes stammered, “But… Master Ren has demanded it.” Wow. They really are scared of him. Rey grinned defiantly. “And I demand that you throw them in the incineration chamber.” “I am sorry, Miss,” said the other trooper, sounding genuinely apologetic, “but we do not take orders from you.” They placed the robes on the end of her cot and left. She watched them go, thinking how truly different her best friend was to those cowards. Huffing, she plonked herself on her cot. There was no way in the galaxy that she was going to wear black training robes. Her usual clothes would do just fine. Rey eyed the pile warily. Soon curiosity got the best of her and she was rooting through the clothes. She held up each garment, disgustedly throwing them away after examining each one. At least she did until she found the last piece. It was a cloak. Black, just like everything else, and made of thick cotton. She knew she shouldn’t like it, but she couldn’t resist running her fingers down the soft material. It came complete with a hood and a simple silver clasp. It was long enough that it would pool around her feet. That can easily be remedied. At the thought, she tossed the cloak away. She couldn’t wear it. It would be like accepting him as her new master. She couldn’t do that to Luke. Rey looked forlornly at the discarded garment, wishing it were any other colour, from anyone else. A frustrated sigh escaped her. She picked up the cloak, fixing its clasps and hung it from the edge of the open refresher door. The rest of the collection she folded on the edge of her cot. The door slipped open again, making Rey jump. She whirled, hands going instinctively for her staff. Only it wasn’t across her back like usual. It was several paces away against the adjacent wall. Upon seeing the visitor, however, she realised that lunging for it would be futile. Kylo Ren was stoic, standing rigid in the doorway. He observed her from behind that gods-damned mask, fists clenching at his sides. For a second, she wondered if he was imagining his fist around her throat, choking the air out of her lungs in recompense for the stunt she pulled. “I can do that from standing right here.” He’d opened up the bond again then. Sometimes the difference was so subtle she barely noticed. Rey didn’t reply to his quip, only watched him as his gaze moved to the pile of clothes on her bed. He knew she wasn’t going to wear them. Irritation rippled through him and she smirked. There was nothing better than getting under his skin. Then he glanced at the cloak hanging from the door. The irritation melted into arrogance. Rey didn’t give him the chance to comment, grabbing her staff and standing before him. “Let’s go.” Kylo spun and led the way, closing the door behind them with a wave of his hand. Rey reluctantly followed, trying hard to keep up with his enormous strides. He took her down the same corridors as the previous morning. It didn’t take her long to memorise the way. A left turn at the end of the cell block, a right at the Stormtrooper’s mess hall, down the stairs, another right at the panel of flickering lights, a left, a right, a right, a left, left, right, left… “So what are we doing today?” She asked, trying to break the silence. “You’ll find out.” He grumbled. Rey snorted, sticking her tongue out at the back of his scarred helmet. The childish gesture prompted a few sniggers from passing troopers. She froze. Those troopers would likely end up with a few new holes in their armour. But Kylo didn’t react, either too busy ignoring her or too absorbed in his own troubled thoughts. Rey guessed at the latter given the confusion and frustration she felt leaking into her. She wondered what could possibly have left him so shaken. Whatever it was, he wasn’t showing her and she wasn’t about to pry. Repeating the day before probably wasn’t the best way to get on his good side. Was that really what she was trying to do? Trying to get on his good side so she could convince him to come home? Or was she going to fight him, force him to see the light? She supposed kindness and manipulation could come hand-in-hand. They reached the training room soon enough. Kylo ushered her in and locked the door behind them. Rey wandered into the middle of the room and sat down. She folded her legs beneath her, set her staff aside, and closed her eyes. After a moment, a different voice – undistorted and human – broke her concentration. “What are you doing?” Rey opened her eyes, hoping the voice hadn’t been in her head. It wasn’t; he had indeed taken his mask off. Finally, she thought. It was the first time she had been able to properly examine his face since Starkiller base. That moment on the beach had been a blur. Now her vision was clear and she could see every smooth line, every crevice, every inch of that horrific scar. Her heart gave an involuntary flip. He really was beautiful. It didn’t matter that she was his enemy, that she wasn’t supposed to think of him that way. It was a fact that she couldn’t deny. Rey had never seen such a man in her life before. And in staring at him, she could see all the similarities he had to his father. Catching herself, Rey looked away. “I’m meditating.” Kylo’s face remained impassive, though she knew he had caught her staring. “Did Skywalker teach you to do that?” Rey nodded. She expected him to tell her to get up. She expected him to insult his uncle like he had done before. Instead, much to her surprise, he slipped off his heavy outer robes and sat down across from her. Kylo closed his eyes, his face relaxed for the first time. Rey allowed herself a small victorious smile before following suit. They sat like that for almost an hour, breathing steadily. The well of energy inside Rey stirred, swelling and consuming her, as if a warm blanket of light had settled across her skin. With every passing moment, it spread further and further through her body. Her insides tingled with its power. The greater it grew though, the larger the shadow in the back of her mind became. With Kylo so close, also strengthening his connection to the Force, the bond between their souls became more present until it was less of a tether, more of a living chain of energy. The darkness in him flowed across the bond into her, as her light flowed into him. Rey finally understood what Luke meant. They truly were equals. The darkness spiked, making her flinch. She tried to pull away from it but it locked her tight in its coils. Soothing vibes came across the bond. “Don’t be afraid. I feel it too.” Rey almost smirked at the repetition of his words. They had first been spoken when that pain had throbbed through her head and he had felt her discomfort as if it were his own. The beginnings of the bond, she realised. Now, just as she feared the darkness, he feared the light that was invading him, stronger than ever. “Rey.” A whisper. Nothing but a whisper inside her head. The darkness whispering her name, daring her to resist its temptation. “Rey, open your eyes.” She did. And what she saw took her breath away. All around them, swirling around their heads, was water. Clean, crisp water. Rey was stunned. Had they done this with their shared power? Glancing around, she found the source of the water. Two water bottles, no doubt brought in to sate her thirst after training, had burst. Now the liquid moved in two separate columns, dancing around each other. The energy still flowed between them, and with every spike of power, the twirling water pillars twisted in a different direction. Rey watched the display before her, transfixed. She wasn’t sure quite how they were doing it, but she didn’t want it stop. Rey moved her fingers in time with the show until the water was replicating her hand’s movements. She stopped her hand for a moment, expecting it to crash to the floor, but it didn’t. Instead it flowed around her, circling her wrists, slaloming through her fingers. She laughed a little as it splashed against the back of her neck. Her laugh was met with a huffed chuckle. She tore her eyes away to find Kylo Ren staring at her. He looked away instantly, focusing on some very interesting spot on the wall behind her. Where the ghost of a smile she swore had been now twisted into his usual scowl. With a slight quirk to her lips, she realised he had been the one swirling it around her. The water dropped from the air, soaking the training mat beneath it. Rey sighed. Just for a moment they had been able to forget past grievances. Just for a moment they had been enjoying each other’s company, been on the same wavelength. Nothing lasts forever. Not with him. Rey pushed herself up. If they weren’t going to have any fun, then they might as well get on with her training. Kylo clearly had the same idea because he too got up and wandered over to the rack of weights. He picked one up – a relatively light one she noticed – and placed it on the floor. His eyes finally met hers when he said, “Move it.” And just like that, they were back to normal. Rey shot out her hand, focusing entirely on the weight. Kylo stalked around her, watching as she tried to force her will onto the object. It refused to move. Come on, she pleaded. Any movement would be better than none. If only so she wouldn’t have to endure his inevitable mockery. She gritted her teeth and pushed more power onto it. The weight juddered a little and went still. Not enough power, she thought. It didn’t help that he was watching her like she was lunch. She could feel that gaze burning into her back, throwing her completely off balance. “You’re doing it wrong.” Rey growled. Letting her hand fall to her side, she whirled on him. “You’re the one supposed to be teaching me.” From across the room, it only took Kylo three enormous strides until he was close enough for her to feel his warm breath on her skin. She shuddered from his proximity but refused to back down. “Turn around and do it again.” With a searing glare, she did so, replicating her previous movements. The weight shuddered again, but didn’t lift off the ground. About to give a frustrated sigh, her concentration faltered when Kylo took a step closer. “You’re trying to force it out of you.” His deep voice rumbled through her. His breath washed over the nape of her neck, staying close enough to get her calm resolve to snap. “You need to focus your mind, not the energy inside you. Close your eyes.” You’re not getting to me that easily. But she followed his instructions. If he could teach her telekinesis, she would at least be willing to find out what else he had to offer. With her eyes closed, she wondered what he was going to do next. What she didn’t expect was his hands resting lightly on her outstretched arm and her hip, angling her body. Where his un-gloved fingers met her bare skin, she bristled. “Relax.” He said roughly. She loosened the tension in her shoulders, but her taut muscles wouldn’t respond where he was touching her. His lips were dangerously close to her ear when he continued, “Imagine the weight as a living thing. Imagine it floating in your mind, then lifting.” Rey focused all her attention on the task at hand, tearing her mind away from the touch that was making her skin tingle. She envisioned the weight, light in her mind, elevating above the ground. Though the thought made her chuckle, she made herself promise not to throw it at Kylo’s head again. “How’s that for teaching you?” Rey opened her eyes to see the weight floating gently in the air. She grinned, twisting her head to look gratefully at Kylo. He was smiling too, only slightly but it was there. And Rey considered that a victory in itself. That smile faded when his gaze met hers. She hadn’t realised just how close they were until then. He stepped back, folding his hands behind him. Rey collected herself, though the harsh cold burnt where his hands had been. Kylo cleared his throat. “I have some business to attend to. You should keep practicing.” Rey nodded, though she knew he was making excuses to leave. Even without the bond telling her, he was a terrible liar. He collected his things, slipping on his outer robes and gloves. And finally that kriffing mask. Rey stifled the urge to snarl at its presence. Before she could say another word, however, he was gone. Notes: It's honestly so fun to write sexual tension... Hope that sated some Reylo thirst haha. Don't forget to let me know what you thought! Chapter 10 : Search And Destroy Summary: Chapter Ten! Wow. So far already and we're barely getting started. So shit's about to go down, with a few fluffy scenes thrown in for good measure. Enjoy! Notes: Thank you all so much for your patience! You're all wonderful. I apologise for the wait, I've had such a busy week. But I hope this chapter is worth it! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren had no idea where he was going. How long had it been since he’d left her in that training room? Left her. Again. Ten minutes? Ten seconds? Perhaps it was ten hours; he didn’t know. He just kept walking. Without direction. Without destination. Eventually he’d do a full circle and end up in front of her again. Why did he keep doing this? He’d finally be making progress with her, finally be feeling something other than rage and hatred. Then he’d throw the barriers up and walk away. After the night before – which he still couldn’t process or bring himself to tell her about – Kylo’s thoughts were more muddled than ever. Anakin had surprised him. Since discovering who his grandfather really was, Kylo had believed that Darth Vader would have wanted him to finish what he started. To have the galaxy bent to his will. Now that he knew that wasn’t the case, Kylo couldn’t help but consider that maybe Anakin was right. That she… That Rey – smart, fiery, beautiful Rey – could be what he needed to have some clarity. He was taken aback by the thought. But it was true. Kylo had never seen a creature more beautiful than she. He had seen it on Takodana, when she’d bravely stood against him. On Starkiller, when she’d fought him with the force of a raging storm. And not an hour ago, when she had been in his arms, the first genuine smile he had seen on her face. There wasn’t a chance that he would abandon the First Order and betray Snoke. He couldn’t. Maybe there was a chance, however, that embracing the light in him would make him all that Snoke wanted him to be. Strong and passionate. His ultimate ally. Kylo’s fists clenched at his sides. He was moments away from burying his fist in the wall. And he would have done just that if a far better target hadn’t come stalking around the corner. Armitage Hux stood before him, his red hair combed neatly in place, his permanent scowl set on his face as his blue eyes blazed with anger. “Is something the matter, General Hux?” Sensing Kylo’s amusement, Hux straightened his already rigid posture. The general’s hands were folded tautly behind his back, stretching the material of his black uniform. “If I could have a word, Ren.” “My time is not to be wasted, general.” Kylo warned. “And yet you find the time to wander around the ship.” Hux’s voice loosened, an eyebrow quirking up. Kylo’s fist clenched again, preparing to spread Hux’s nose across his face. “Follow me, please.” The general whirled and strode down the hallway with military efficiency. Who did he think he was? Giving Kylo orders like that. He ought to have the general strung up for such assertiveness. But Kylo knew that he had no authority to do so. Despite his power and standing with Snoke, he had no real position in the ranks of the First Order. Hux wasn’t his superior, but he wasn’t his subordinate either. And ignoring the redhead would surely cause an argument he really wasn’t in the mood for having. Muttering curses to himself, Kylo caught the shorter man easily. Hux gave him a sidelong glance as he marched beside the general, but didn’t say anything. This irked Kylo; not because he wanted to talk to the bastard, but because it was only when Hux was distressed did he shut up. The general led Kylo onto the bridge, where operations were buzzing. Lieutenants hurried about, giving orders they weren’t elevated in rank enough to make. One sharp glance from Hux had them scurrying back to their stations. Yet the room was still bustling. Something must have happened. Everyone in the room had become accustomed enough to Kylo’s dark presence that they paid him no mind as he stalked past them. Only a certain Lieutenant stared at him in fright. Kylo racked his memory for the man’s name but came up short. He rarely interacted directly with them so knowing their names had never been a priority. Hux caught the man shaking and snapped, “Back to work, Lieutenant Mitaka.” Kylo huffed. Mitaka: the man who had so unfortunately been burdened with informing him of the droid’s escape from Jakku. The man who had told him about Rey. He still couldn’t shake the sense of foreboding that had washed over him when Mitaka had mentioned ‘a girl’. There had been no explanation as to why he had needed to know the identity of this girl. The awakening in the Force Snoke had mentioned… He’d needed to know she wasn’t anything to do with it. “As you can see, Ren, I’m not pleased.” Hux said from beside him. Kylo’s attention snapped back to the general. They were looking down at a screen. The images were black and white but it was clear to see what was going on. He was looking at Rey. In the training room, shoes kicked off and staff in hand. She had found the training dummies he often used and set them up in a circle around her. Weighing the staff in her hands, Rey closed her eyes, her body relaxing into what he recognised as a deadly calm. The staff began twirling in her fingers, whipping around in vicious circles, smashing into each of the dummies with enough force to knock them down. Rey’s eyes never opened once. She just kept moving; quick as a striking viper and agile as a Jedi twice her training. Kylo watched her with awe, suddenly wishing to view the spectacle without the restrictions of his visor. How wonderful she would be with a double-edged lightsaber; how formidable an opponent. Hux cleared his throat, impatient for an explanation. “What’s the problem, general? The girl is my apprentice. She is training.” “I was not aware that learning such a level of combat was part of her training. Do not forget that she is the enemy, Ren.” Kylo bristled. Hux, not noticing, continued, “If she has skills like that, she poses a threat to us all.” “My apprentice is no threat to the Order. I dare say she will become an invaluable asset.” Hux glared at him. “You think me a fool, Ren? I know the strength she possesses, after having beaten you on Starkiller. Not a feat you will easily forget, I am sure.” This close. He was this close to socking him in the jaw. “But I also know that girl did not agree to your training because she is on our side. I doubt she agreed at all. She belongs to the Resistance, to the enemy, and that makes her dangerous.” “She belongs to me now.” Kylo growled, “If you try anything, general, you’ll find that your beloved cat will be missing its head. And yours will be joining it.” “You are in no position to make threats, Ren.” Hux said, though wariness danced in his eyes. Kylo was fairly sure that his voice only got so low and dangerous when matters concerned Rey. He was on the verge of losing his temper. There was nothing he had ever wanted more than to lock his grip around Hux’s throat. Than to watch the life bleed out of the insufferable son of a bitch. Clamping down on his anger, Kylo ground out, “If that is all you wish to speak to me about, then I have more important matters to attend to.” Like destroying that surveillance camera. Hux snorted. “Actually it’s not.” “What now?” The general marched across the walkway in the centre of the bridge. Kylo didn’t move from his spot, imagining the childish triumph of tying Hux’s shoelaces together so that he might make a fool of himself. Something the general desperately wanted to avoid. The redhead returned with two hefty files and shoved them into Kylo’s hands. “I trust that the Supreme Leader has informed you of the recent deals with the Guavian Death Gang and Kanjiklub.” “He has not.” Hux feigned surprise, supressing a smirk. “In that case, I should probably tell you that both groups were associated with Han Solo. A recent dealing with him went awry so after his death, the groups came to us to offer aid so they may exact revenge on Solo’s loved ones.” Kylo almost choked at the mention of his father. Hux had no idea about Kylo’s parentage, though he was sure the general had many theories. He steadied his voice enough to reply, “And what were the deals?” “We cannot attack the Resistance base directly without the Superweapon. Their shields and ground forces would result in major losses on our part. However, these gangs have the ability and influence to do many things.” As Hux explained, Kylo had taken to flipping through the files. Unfamiliar faces greeted him, rough and cruel from years of violence. All of the men had different skill sets, making them a particularly daunting new enemy for the Resistance. “Kanjiklub are well versed in many languages and know a good handful of underground spies. They are going to be our Search and Destroy squad.” “Seeking out Resistance conspirators and torturing them, I assume?” Hux nodded, unfazed at the idea. “As for the Death Gang, they have enough members and ships to disrupt the trade routes in and out of D’Qar.” Kylo started. D’Qar was a small planet, not so far from the outer rim. He knew the climate well. That in the winter it was too cold and during the summer storms were frequent, making it difficult to grow crops. Therefore, most of their food was imported across the trade routes. They were going to starve them out. ** Rey had been lying on the floor for hours. At least it felt like hours. She had given up waiting, given up trying to train herself a while ago, opting instead for the slight comfort of the mats beneath her. Rey had not known that the grey ceiling, after a few moments of fiddling with the controls, split in half to reveal a single glass pane looking out upon the stars. When the metal had parted, she had been startled but her cares had melted away with awe at the view. She could see for lightyears. Thousands upon thousands of stars burned, searing their presence into the backs of her eyelids like her own constellation map. Laying there, she wondered if Kylo ever just watched the stars. If he ever stopped for just a moment to see the beauty the galaxy had to offer. She smiled as she realised those stars on their canvass of black was all she imagined when she thought of his soul. Those stars will only get brighter. Rey sighed, propping herself up on her elbows. She had seen those pinpricks of light in his obsidian eyes when he’d been holding her. When her body had reacted in a way it never had before. She understood the rules of physical attraction. She knew that she found him to be what others would describe as desirable. And she knew that he felt the attraction too. What is happening to me? She thought, falling back, a hand on her forehead. If anyone knew… Maker, if Finn knew… They would call her crazy, no doubt. Say it was nothing but hormones. And Rey would have believed them if only she didn’t know better. If only she didn’t know that her hormones, while they had made her feel strange things, had never made her feel like this. With Finn in her mind, Rey turned her confused thoughts away from the man who clouded them and onto her best friend. She imagined how much of a ruckus Finn was causing on D’Qar. She wondered if he had summoned the courage to tell Poe how he felt, if Poe had done the same. With much regret, Rey realised she probably wouldn’t have a chance to embarrass them about it. Rey wished that she could send a message to them, though she had no idea how she would achieve such a feat. She knew what she would say to them. Tell them she was alright. Persuade them not to come looking for her. Promise them she would be home soon. And ask them to tell Luke that she intended to beat some sense into his nephew. The door slid open suddenly, though Rey barely reacted. His footsteps may have been light approaching the door, his thoughts shielded, but she would never not be able to feel the growth in their bond as he got closer. She didn’t look up, didn’t remove the hand from over her face as he silently approached her. Curling her fingers in, she peered up at his towering form. Kylo had removed his mask and she had a smug feeling it was because she hated it so much. She readied herself for his mockery, but he said nothing. Instead he focused his attention on one corner of the room. A surveillance camera sat tucked in the folds of the metal walls. How had she not noticed that? He flicked his wrist and the camera sparked, shards of glass raining onto the mat below. Rey didn’t ask why he had done that, though she wondered why he hadn’t done it before. Kylo’s gaze returned to her. He looked at her with what she might have mistaken for wonder if he hadn’t been so distressed. More so than before. Rey felt the anxiety flooding across the bond, making her own throat go dry. “Is everything okay?” Kylo looked away. When he spoke, his voice shook, “Everything is fine.” She would have yelled at him for lying but as he sank to the ground beside her, joining her in admiring the stars, it didn’t feel right. Pain marred his features. Subtle, but it was there. There was something he needed to tell her. Rey scrutinised his face for a moment. He knew she was staring at him, but there was no discomfort in his eyes as they glanced to hers every so often. The way he contemplated the stars was the same way she did. With awe, and the sense of being incredibly small in comparison. If there was something he had to say, she would wait. Eventually he whispered, “I thought you were watching the stars. Not me.” Rey smiled and turned back to the view above. Never once had she thought that she would be stargazing with Kylo Ren. That she would be comfortable enough to be this close to him. And though a part of her wanted to move as far away as possible, Rey found that she liked it there. Kylo suddenly chuckled beside her. Rey rose an eyebrow, twisting to look at him. “What’s so funny?” “I never thought you would like stargazing.” She stared at him incredulously. “And that is funny, why?” “You come from a desert planet where you see the stars every night. One would think that you would be sick of staring at them.” He smirked. “Then I realised that you didn’t have the luxury of seeing beauty wherever you went, so you found beauty in the prospect of freedom. In the stars.” Rey laughed softly. “I suppose I did.” “And now you have it.” “What?” The intensity of Kylo’s gaze made Rey’s breath catch. “I don’t want you to think that you’re a prisoner here, Rey. You are my apprentice, and you are expected to train, but I will never make you do anything you don’t want to do.” Rey had a sick feeling Kylo knew exactly what it was like to be forced into things. Snoke, while an evil psychopath normally, struck her as an even crueller teacher. Something in her heart strained at the pain he must have endured. The memories he didn’t let her see. “Thank you, Kylo.” She whispered and he looked at her as though she had just sprouted another head. Apparently people around here didn’t appreciate him as much as they should, despite what he was doing for them. He collected himself enough to nod. “I have arranged it so that you will not be sleeping in that cell anymore. You don’t have your own chambers yet, so I hope that mine will suffice for the time being.” Rey was taken aback. “You… You want me to sleep in your room with you?” “Not with me.” Kylo withdrew, sitting up. “Just in my chambers. On my couch for a night or two until your own rooms can be arranged. If that is disagreeable to you, then I don’t mind leaving you in that cell instead.” So much for that… whatever that was, Rey thought, but she sat up with him and placed a gentle hand on his arm. Kylo’s muscles went taut under her touch. He may not have known how to be kind to her, but for what it was worth he was trying. “I should like that very much. Thank you.” ** Leia Organa sat alone in her rooms, a bottle of whiskey gripped firmly in one hand and a dusty old picture frame in the other. She sipped liberally from the bottle as she stared at the photograph. It had been taken many years ago, on a day she had forgotten her problems and enjoyed a day with her family. D’Qar had been much brighter back then, much livelier. The perfect place for a new family to settle. The grass was a lush green, the sun beating down upon her smiling face as she watched her son sit upon the shoulders of his father, a model X-Wing in his chubby little hands. Ben had always wanted to be a pilot, just like his father. And a Jedi, just like his uncle. Even then, Ben had been similar to his grandfather. There’s too much Vader in him. Tears slipped down Leia’s cheeks at the memory of what Han had said on the last day she’d seen him. Her husband had been right. But there wasn’t too much Vader, there was too much Anakin. Too much uncontrolled passion and rage. Too much willingness to do the wrong thing for the right reasons. Finding out about her son’s bond with Rey had been hard on Leia. The girl had only been in his life for a few fleeting moments and yet they shared a connection deeper than she could ever have with him. But Rey was strong, resilient and more importantly kind. Compassion came easily to her. If anyone could help her son, then she would be the one to do it. A swift knock came at the door. Leia quickly wiped the tears from her eyes, set down the photograph and hid the whiskey before she said, “Come in.” The door slid open and in stumbled Poe, his face beet red like he’d been running. “General… I think you need to come and see this.” Poe rarely sounded flustered. But his frantic eyes were enough to set Leia in motion. She marched out the door after the commander, needing no direction. Leia stormed through the base, passing frightened officers and the occasional crying mother. What had happened? “We don’t know where they came from, general. Or what they are doing here, but they say want to talk to you. That you will know them.” Poe explained, his droid having rolled up beside him. BB-8 emitted a string of hysterical beeps. If the little droid didn’t calm down, he would short circuit. “Who are they?” She demanded. “Did they give a name?” “He said his name is Bala-Tik.” No. The Guavian Death Gang. One of Han’s associates, known for their brutality and ruthlessness. He had always refused to tell her about them, though she’d known exactly who he was dealing with. Chewie was anything but a secret keeper. They emerged in the fresh misty air of the D’Qar morning. Normally the landing strip was bustling with pilots running back and forth, droids wandering around with toolkits. But the place was silent, everyone having taken cover inside. Everyone except Finn, Chewbacca and Luke of course. None of them turned as she and Poe walked up behind them. Leia took her spot at the head of group; Poe clapped Finn on the shoulder, the two standing close. It pleased Leia that after everything he had been through, Finn had found someone to care for him. At the opposite end of the landing strip, one large freighter had landed with its hundreds of companions floating in orbit. Five figures stood at the end of the loading door. Those flanking the leader were nothing short of disturbing in appearance. Leia had heard what the Guavian Death Gang did to its members. Those who swore loyalty to them were turned into cybernetic monsters, with a mechanical reservoir pumping chemicals into their blood. It made them faster, stronger, more aggressive. Ideal for the criminals. The leader, Bala-Tik, looked human enough though there was no guessing what secrets he might hide. Leia had never met the man in person, and she now realised why. He had a stern face, with cold eyes and mercilessness lining every feature. If she had been an ordinary woman, she would have been afraid of him. But she was not an ordinary woman. She was Leia Organa Skywalker, sister of Luke Skywalker and general of the Resistance. If she could stare into the face of the Empire and not be afraid, she could meet this man with a smile. And so she approached. Notes: Well... Need I say more? Hope you enjoyed chapter ten! Please let me know what you thought. Your kudos and comments are what keeps me going. Chapter 11 : Leave Out All The Rest Summary: Roomies! Yay! Chapter Eleven's here. Enjoy! By the way, to fully appreciate this chapter, I feel like you should all take a moment to listen to Leave Out All The Rest by Linkin Park. I think it ties in well with Rey and Kylo's conversation. Notes: I know the updates are getting slower. I'm sorry about that! I don't mean to keep you waiting. But thank you so much for your patience. And thank you so much for all your lovely comments and kudos, they're what keep me going! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She was crazy. The general was crazy. That was the only explanation Finn could conjure as Leia sauntered towards her imminent death. He slid a sideways glance towards Poe. The pilot met his eyes, worry dancing in those dark irises. Finn gave a curt nod and both men raised their blasters, following the general. Chewie stayed behind with the frantic BB-8, though the Wookiee’s bowcaster was also raised and aimed at the approaching Death Gang. Finn had never seen the Guavian Death Gang before, having been shoved into the service shaft beneath the deck of Han’s freighter. But Finn remembered Bala-Tik’s voice: deep, harsh and heavily-accented. His heart pounded harder, harder, harder. Leia kept moving, nothing in her movements betraying any fear. Beside him, Poe’s breaths were laboured. As far as Finn knew, Poe had never been in any combat that didn’t involve him sitting behind the controls of his X-Wing. To his credit, however, Poe was excellent at letting his bravery consume any remnants of fear. When they were but five feet away, Leia stopped, crossing her arms in front of her. Watching her, Finn realised it was no longer the General of the Resistance facing the enemy. It was the princess who saved the galaxy. “Bala-Tik.” Leia inclined her head towards the gang leader. “How nice to finally meet you.” “It’s a shame I can’t say the same thing about you, general.” Bala-Tik sneered. “I think you know why I’m here.” Leia shrugged. “Come to join our cause?” The gang leader snorted. “Your husband owes us a great debt. And since we cannot glean the money from him directly, you are the next logical point of call.” Finn couldn’t see Leia’s face but he knew her eyes sparkled with fury and pain. Since Han’s death, it had been an unspoken rule that nobody mentioned him to her. He couldn’t imagine what sort of agony Leia must have gone through when her son had impaled his own father with that wretched lightsaber. When Finn had seen the loss tearing the general apart, he had vowed to reciprocate by tearing Kylo Ren apart. And now that the monster had Rey… Finn suppressed the urge to snarl. Leia’s voice filled with suspicion. “I am surprised it took you this long. I thought your particular organisation got things done quickly.” Bala-Tik smiled, his fingers twitching on his weapon. “Let’s just say not all of those ships up there are ours.” It took Finn a moment to work it out. But he knew there was a reason he recognised over half of those ships. They were First Order transporters. “Kriffing Hell…” Finn muttered. “Indeed.” Bala-Tik said, his unsettling gaze boring into Finn. It took all his effort not to cringe away when the gang leader continued, “I’m sure you are familiar with these ships, aren’t you FN-2187 ?” Finn winced. Beside him, Poe snarled, lunging for the gang leader. Leia shot out an arm to keep Poe at bay. The pilot ignored her, stalking around her outstretched hand and getting as close to Bala-Tik as he dared. Any fear Finn had seen in Poe’s eyes was replaced with simmering rage, all directed at Bala-Tik. All because Finn had been insulted. He would have been flattered. Thrilled, even. But not now. Now, Poe was in danger. “Do you want to call him that again, Bala-Tik ?” Poe spat the gang leader’s name as if it were poison on his tongue. Bala-Tik gave a toothy grin. “You must be Poe Dameron, best pilot in the Resistance. I’ve heard a lot about you and you friend, FN-2187 , here.” Poe’s hands curled into fists at his sides. The gang leader merely quirked an eyebrow and glanced between Poe and him. “Although, I think you might be more than friends.” Finn’s blaster almost dropped out of his hands. Was he implying…? No, of course he wasn’t. No-one knew about that. Not even Rey. The tension in Poe’s shoulders slackened and he stumbled back a few paces. Finn was terrified he might fall. But he was more terrified that Poe was disgusted by the gang leader’s words. What if all this time he had been reading the signs wrong? Poe returned to his place beside Leia, avoiding Finn’s eyes all the while. He watched the pilot for a moment, feeling an unfamiliar strain threatening to pull his heart through his ribcage. No. Later. We’ll do this later. Finn turned back to the gang leader before them. Bala-Tik’s grin had spread so wide, Finn wondered if his cheeks would split. “Did I strike a nerve there?” Growling, Finn primed his blaster, his finger itching to pull the trigger. “What do you want?” Bala-Tik turned to walk back into his ship. His guards followed suit, but before the door could close, he glanced over his shoulder to say, “It would be unwise to divulge one’s plans to the enemy, don’t you think? But for your own piece of mind, general, I will say that the First Order has great ideas for the lot of you. That is, if you can survive without food.” The ship’s loading door shut. ** The walk back to Kylo’s chambers was silent. With his mask back on and cowl up, Rey could only see the thick black robes stretching over his taut muscles as he led the way. She was still in shock that he had offered to share his quarters with her. In his own twisted way, Rey knew that Kylo Ren cared for her. If he didn’t, she was certain she would have been thrown to Snoke like carrion to a beast. Rey realised with a jolt all the things he had done for her in the past few days. He had given her food, blankets and a place to stay. New clothes, despite how she refused to wear them. He had helped her achieve what she never had with Luke. He had saved her life. Cynical as Rey was, she couldn’t shake the feeling that he was doing it on Snoke’s orders to make her trust him. But this was not the Kylo she remembered from Starkiller Base. This was not Kylo Ren at all. It was Ben Solo. “If you call me that out loud, I will kill you.” Rey started. “I didn’t realise you heard all that.” “Not all of it. You’re mostly just background noise,” Rey heard Kylo chuckle. Even through the mask it sounded pleasant. “But the mention of that name is hard to ignore.” “Sorry… But I do prefer it to Kylo Ren.” Kylo glanced over his shoulder at her. “You’re not the only one to say that,” He muttered. Taken aback, Rey was about to ask who else had said that when they approached the end of a hallway. Rey counted herself lucky that she was so used to treading miles across the desert else she wouldn’t have been able to walk for a week. Kylo paused in front of the only door, quickly inputting the access code. Rey glanced up and down the corridor, but found no other entrances. Come to think of it, she hadn’t seen any other rooms or even heard any noise since climbing onto this deck. She couldn’t determine whether that was because Kylo had chosen the most isolated part of The Finalizer or that people generally didn’t want to be near him. Just as Rey was about to step into his chambers, she noticed several deep gashes marring the wall beside the door. The edges were frazzled, some of the electrics occasionally sparking. Lightsaber damage. Rey raised an eyebrow at the knight now waiting for her to enter. Mere indifference came across the bond as her answer. She wondered if he had ever broken anything important when he lost his temper. Stepping into Kylo’s chambers, Rey suddenly found herself unsure of what to do. She had never slept in a room that also occupied another person. Then again, she had never slept in a proper bed. Kylo pulled his mask off, setting it on the coffee table, and gestured for Rey to sit. Taking a few cautious steps towards the sofas, Rey tested her new ground. Despite having actively invited her in, Rey still doubted Kylo wanted her there and any wrong move on her part would result in going back to that cell. And losing whatever it was they had. She leant her staff against the wall before perching herself on the edge of a sofa. Breaking the heavy silence, Kylo said, “Make yourself comfortable. I’ve called for food. I’ll be back soon.” He was leaving her again. She shouldn’t have been surprised really. But instead of going out the door, he stepped into the refresher across the room. Within moments, the steady thrum of water filled her ears. Rey chewed the inside of her cheek as she glanced around the room. Kylo’s chambers were smaller than she expected, and yet still large enough to house his four-poster bed. It looked tantalisingly comfortable, like the silk sheets would swallow her whole. She hoped that when she got her own rooms they gave her a bed like that. With a solemn sigh, Rey recalled how comfortable her bed on D’Qar had been in the seconds before Finn had ripped her from it. Of course, she had wanted to go to Naboo, but she couldn’t help but blame him a little. Look where it had gotten her. She rose from the seat, hovering a little before wandering over to his bed. It would have been far too discomforting for them both had she sat on it, though she did allow herself the luxury of running the tips of her fingers across the material. It was softer than anything she had laid her hands upon. Softer even than the silk a wealthy merchant had once been trying to sell at Niima Outpost. Rey had only been fourteen when that man in all his extravagance had passed through town. She had laughed at his desperate attempt to sell the vast lengths of material he possessed. No-one in a place like Niima could afford it. The shower suddenly went off and Rey heard the thud of his feet stepping onto the tile floor. She jumped back from the bed, cautiously eyeing the refresher door. It was cracked open. Before she could avert her eyes, Rey caught Kylo’s bare back as he stood before the mirror, a towel around his waist. Rey had to swallow her gasp. She couldn’t imagine what his reaction would be if he caught her looking, though she could not seem to look away. His skin was pale, as if it had not been touched by sunlight in many years, and droplets of water ran down from the mass of dark hair now plastered to his forehead. But what caught Rey’s attention the most were the scars running across his arms and down his back. These were thinner than the one bisecting his face, except they criss-crossed each other so much that they created a spider’s web of white lines across his skin. Absently, Rey fingered the vest at her back, the skin beneath it burning into her hands. So similar…, she thought. Kylo’s eyes lifted then. He stared into the mirror before him, though not at his own reflection, rather at her. Rey moved quickly but it was too late. The door slammed shut. She cringed at the noise, cursing herself for her lack of control. She had seen – oftentimes very unfortunately – naked men before. Most of the local human men on Jakku thought it acceptable to strip in front of everyone. Rey, though she had done everything in her power to avert her eyes, had not always been able to avoid getting an eyeful. In consideration, she should be used to it. But Kylo was not just any man. And seeing him like that, having that intense gaze settle on her and only her… It made something inside her twitch. Desperately willing those images to remove themselves from the backs of her eyelids, Rey settled back on the sofa. Her knee started juddering up and down, her teeth cutting into her bottom lip. What was he going to say when he came out? Send her back to that awful cell, no doubt. A sudden noise interrupted Rey's thoughts. The entrance to Kylo’s chambers slid open, revealing a small service droid. To her surprise, it was like the service droids Unkar Plutt kept: ancient, banged-up but irrevocably friendly. It ground out a few greetings in binary as it scurried over to her. In its hands, it carried a tray full of treats. Rey’s stomach grumbled as she beheld the array of cakes and buns, all topped with delicious swirls of icing. Some of them were even topped with berries, not unlike the fruits Maz had gifted her with. After setting the tray down, the droid took Rey’s hand. The cold metal made tears prick in Rey’s eyes. It was far too much like Luke’s artificial hand. She swallowed them down before the droid pulled a C-3PO and bothered her until she told it what was wrong. “Yes, it’s nice to meet you too.” Rey smiled sadly at the droid. It proceeded to explain that it was Kylo’s personal service droid, among his many other personal servants. The question it asked at seeing her on Kylo’s couch startled her. “No! I am not his girlfriend.” The droid was quick to apologise, asking her forgiveness for the intrusion. Rey waved it off, “No it’s okay. I can see why you’d make that mistake.” “You are dismissed.” Both Rey and the droid looked up in shock to see Kylo leaning against the refresher door frame, arms crossed over his chest. The toned muscles of his arms and chest were much more prominent through just his tunic. Rey pushed the thoughts away as the droid gave a quick bow, muttering some apologies and leaving. “Is that how you speak to all your droids?” Rey turned on Kylo, any embarrassment from earlier gone. “That’s how I speak to everyone.” “Like everyone is beneath you?” She couldn’t hide the disgust from her voice. Kylo sighed through his nose. “When you grow up with a family like mine…” He grimaced, but continued, “And then learn under the Supreme Leader’s tutelage, it is impossible not to consider everyone beneath you.” Rey wrinkled her nose. He has a point. That little voice in her head always seemed to be right. Frustratingly annoying, but right. Leia, though now a general, was always going to be a princess at heart. Han had a habit of being charmingly arrogant. From what Luke had told her, Anakin Skywalker had also been extremely obnoxious. If that was true, Rey wasn’t surprised Kylo took after his grandfather. “So I talk to everyone like that.” Kylo had taken to rearranging the many robes in his wall-embedded wardrobe, though they all looked exactly the same. Rey presumed it was to stop himself from having to sit across from her. His hands paused for a moment before he said, “Except you.” It was true. He had never once spoken to her like she was beneath him. Rey tried to conceal her grin by focusing her eyes on her shaking hands. “I wonder why that is.” Kylo didn’t reply, merely closing the door to his wardrobe and taking a seat adjacent to her. She raised her eyes to his, meeting them for a second before he looked away. “I thought you’d have started eating by now.” Perhaps he wasn’t going to send her back to that cell after all. Rey made a move for the bun closest to her. It was a swirl of pastry topped with white icing and juicy fruits hidden inside. When her fingers were within reach, the plate slid away. Confusion marred her brow as she lunged for the bun again, but it slid back the other way. She frowned at Kylo, who wore an expression of utter indifference. Bastard, she thought, doesn’t he know what it’s like to be hungry? “A test, I think.” Rey gave him a look she hoped said he was crazy. “There’s no reason we cannot continue to build on your Force abilities outside of lessons.” “There’s one very specific reason, actually,” She countered, “And it’s called ‘I’m hungry, and I know you can hear my stomach growling from there, so let me eat before I hit you around the head with my staff’.” “I’d like to see you try.” Kylo’s eyes danced with the challenge. She deepened her frown, attempting to look serious but the idea of using Kylo’s own advice against him was too amusing. He inclined his head towards the plate, “Make the whole thing levitate. Then you can eat.” Rey would have argued further, would have used all the words she had stored from years on Jakku if it weren’t for the fact that she needed as much practise as she could get. Squaring her shoulders, Rey focused her mind on the task at hand. Her eyes fluttered closed as the image of the buns adorning the plate filled her mind. She imagined the plate lifting, the buns swirling in the air. Opening her eyes, she was left disappointed. Only the top two buns were floating, a good few inches from the rest and spinning around each other, but it was no impressive feat. “This is going to take a lot longer than I thought.” Kylo muttered. The buns dropped as Rey’s attention snapped to him. “What did you say?” “I wasn’t insulting you,” He leaned back in the armchair, waving a hand at the plate. A gesture for her to go ahead and eat, as if she had to be told. “It just baffles me that you could summon a lightsaber to your hand six months ago and now you can’t even make a plate hover.” Rey curled her legs underneath herself and took a bun. She began picking it apart and stuffing the contents into her mouth. “You were trying to kill me on Starkiller Base. Call it survival instincts.” Anger flared across the bond. Anger and… Pain. Genuine hurt. She looked up at him to find his hands curled into fists, his jaw set into a hard line. “I was not trying to kill you on Starkiller.” His voice was low, dangerous. “Need I remind you that you were the one to attack first?” She didn’t care that he was hurt. She didn’t care that it was true. Her own rage boiled when he acted like the innocent victim. “Need I remind you that I only attacked because you permanently injured my best friend and killed the only man I could ever have considered a father?” Pain again. No, agony . She had struck a blow that cut deeper than any weapon could have done. Rey had never felt regret for anything she had done in her life, so when that guilt washed over her, it made her shudder. Though he had never said or shown her specifically, Rey had a feeling that Kylo regretted that day deeply. That if he could, he would go back and save his father instead of driving a lightsaber through his heart. She couldn’t forgive him for it. At least not yet. But the last thing she wanted was to go back to being his enemy. In just a few days, they had come so far. She had achieved so much towards fulfilling her vow. So even though a part of her thought he deserved the guilt, she whispered, “I’m sorry.” Kylo’s face had become a mask in itself, betraying no emotion. No pain. No rage. No… nothing. Then he lifted his eyes to her. “My grandfather came to speak to me.” Rey almost choked on the pastry. " What ?” “My grandfather… Anakin Skywalker. He came to speak to me a few nights ago.” “I didn’t think Force ghosts were real.” Rey had only heard about them in stories. Luke had mentioned them once or twice, but never had she supposed they actually existed. “Neither did I.” Kylo was fiddling absentmindedly with the edge of his tunic. The material was frayed, making Rey wonder just how old it was. Swallowing the last of her bun, Rey tried to look casual by picking up another, though she was hoping her next question wouldn’t be stepping over the line. “What did he say?” He seemed to deliberate for a moment whether to tell her, though no anger at her impertinence presented itself. “He told me that the path I have chosen is not set in stone. He said that I would have become a great Jedi.” Rey could tell it hurt him to tell her this. A sudden thought occurred to her. This must have been what he needed to tell her earlier in the training room. But if it was urgent, wouldn’t he have mentioned it before today? It didn’t matter. He was telling her now. She rose from her seat and wandered around the coffee table, his eyes tracking her the entire time. Settling herself gently on the edge of the table, she perched in front of him and took his giant hand in hers. Her tiny fingers looked positively child-like in comparison. The simple touch sent sparks through her veins. He watched her as if she were a ghost herself. An apparition before him, here to bring him the reckoning he deserved, to bring him the peace he needed. She didn’t have to say that his grandfather was right. The look in Kylo’s eyes told her he already knew that. “What else did he say?” Kylo took a deep breath, his eyes focusing on something behind her. “He said that…” She urged him on with a squeeze of the hand, but whatever he was going to say was lost to the aether. “He just said that I was mistaken for trying to follow in Vader’s footsteps.” He untangled his fingers from hers, rising from the chair. Her skin turned to ice from the loss of his warmth. Rey watched him with a sadness in her eyes. She couldn’t imagine what that was like, to be so sure of your path only to have it twisted so harshly in the other direction. No. This was a good thing. The only one that could have convinced him to stray from the dark side was the one he had so faithfully followed all this time. And while Kylo had no intention of letting Rey drag him home, he couldn’t ignore that growing light inside him. Maybe this was the reason for his recent kindness. “You should get some sleep.” Kylo said at last. Rey nodded. She set down her half-eaten bun. If she took another bite, she feared she would not be able to keep it down. Curling herself up on the sofa, she tried not to look as Kylo climbed into his bed. There was something strangely intimate about watching him sleep. Instead she closed her eyes, burying her head in the small cushion she found. And as they slept, instead of ten feet sitting between them, it felt like a million miles. Notes: Hope you enjoyed! I hope to make chapter twelve get here sooner. Let me know what you thought :) Chapter 12 : Another Hole In The Head Summary: Chapter Twelve is finally here! And it's a juicy one. Enjoy! Notes: Thank you guys so much for all your support. You're all so sweet! And thank you for being so patient. I'm trying to get these written and ready as quickly as I can. This one's my longest chapter yet so I hope that makes up for it! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Light was streaming through the window when Rey woke up the next morning. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes as she took in the brilliant white stars. The Finalizer had specially tinted windows, so she could watch the celestial beings pulsing like beating hearts without melting her retinas. She stretched her legs out beneath her, doing the same with her arms and back to relieve the stiffness from lying on the sofa too long. She didn’t know what time it was. Early, considering Kylo still slept soundly in his bed. Rey had a habit of waking up hours before everyone else. On Jakku, not rising before the sun meant missing all the day’s best bounty. Anywhere else, it didn’t seem to matter. Rey had once stormed into Luke’s hut, expecting her master to be awake, only to jerk him out of his dreams. She was faced with a glare no less menacing than his nephew’s. Pushing herself up, Rey decided that she might as well take advantage of the empty shower. She hadn’t washed in days; all the dust and grime was sticking to her like a second skin. Though Kylo had never shown it, Rey doubted she smelled any pleasanter. Rey had to pass Kylo’s bed to get to the refresher. She didn’t want to wake him, so she slipped off her boots and padded lightly across the floor. As she went by, she couldn’t resist a glance at his sleeping form. At some point in the night, he had pulled off his tunic, revealing his bare chest. The sheets were pulled up only above his stomach so Rey could see the toned muscles of his chest. For a moment, she wondered how they would feel under her fingertips. Her eyes moved up to his face. While in his waking hours Kylo was handsome, despite the stern set of his face. Asleep he was devastatingly beautiful. Relaxed, he was both young and mature. Both boy and man. Light and dark. Rey allowed herself a few moments to drink him in. She had been doing that a lot lately; just letting herself look at him. It didn’t feel wrong, and she wasn’t committing any crime in doing it. If they were any other two people, it would be perfectly normal. But what she was feeling… What he did to her… That was wrong. Only a few days ago, she had hated him. Cursed him for bringing her to this gods-damned ship. Now, she knew that if he hadn’t come to Naboo that day, she never would have seen how much light there really was inside him. One step closer to keeping my promise. She had to think about it that way. She was doing this for Leia and Luke. Doing this for Han. Not herself. Kylo’s eyes flickered a little, as if he were waking up. Rey jumped back a little. To her relief, his eyes didn’t open. He simply groaned and rolled over, burying his head in the pillow. Rey heaved a sigh of relief and made her way to the refresher. The shower was smaller than Rey expected, but she didn’t mind. She peeled the clothes from her body, discarding them in a pile on the floor. Finally, she unbound her meagre excuse for breasts. Even though she had filled out in the last sixth months, meaning her ribs were no longer poking through her skin, Rey didn’t particularly like looking at her body in the mirror. Compared to other girls like Jessika, she was almost child-like. Rey quickly stepped into the shower and shut the screen door behind her. The water was divine: hot, heavy and blissful against her skin. She hadn’t realised how much her muscles ached from training until that water massaged them. As she ran her fingers through her hair, which unbound fell to just below her shoulders, Rey spied a bottle of product next to the soap dish. She picked it up, spinning the bottle around. The language was not Basic, with which she was most familiar, rather Huttese. She could read it relatively well, understanding that the product was used to clean and soften hair. Such products had never been available on Jakku. She had only ever seen a similar bottle on Naboo. Squirting a dollop into her palm, Rey raised the thick liquid that came out to her nose and inhaled deeply. If this was what Kylo used in his hair, it clearly worked. Rey worked it into her hair, revelling in how good it felt. She was so caught up with the act that she didn’t notice the refresher door opening and her clothes being stolen by a large hand. Finishing up, Rey grabbed a towel and wrapped herself in it, wringing out her hair as she went. She was happy to find that the mirror had almost entirely steamed up. How long had she been in there for? She dried herself off and reached for her clothes. But what her fingers were met with was not her clothes. It was not her vest, or her trousers, or even her arms guards. It was the black training robes Kylo had sent to her cell before. What the kriff? She growled internally. No matter how much she complained, however, she had no choice. It was either the robes or facing Kylo with just a towel around her. With a defeated huff, she decided the former was the least mortifying. Even as she slipped the clothes on, she felt herself betraying Luke. He never has to know about this, she thought before adding, along with all the other things he never has to know about. To Kylo’s credit however, Rey found that every piece exactly mimicked her normal attire. At least she would be comfortable in them. Stepping out of the refresher, Rey saw that Kylo was sat on the couch, already fully dressed. He had one ankle balanced on his knee, a file open on his lap. When she approached, said file disappeared quickly under a cushion beside him. She quirked an eyebrow but said nothing. Asking him would get her nowhere. His insistence on keeping it from her, however, made wariness stir in the pit of her stomach. There was a lot of things he was hiding from her, and somehow she thought not all of them had to do with his past. Kylo looked up at her, his eyes flicking over her body. Rey felt her cheeks flame, cursing the clothes for hugging her figure so profusely. He collected himself, clearly hoping she hadn’t noticed, and looked away. “You’ve changed your mind about the robes, I see.” Rey plonked herself down in the armchair, glaring at him as he smirked. “No, I haven’t. But someone stole my clothes.” “They were filthy.” He drummed his fingers on his knee. The sound irritated her, enough to make her slap her hand over his. “I don’t care. They were my clothes.” It was hard to keep the bite out of her voice. Kylo didn’t reply. His attention had wholly moved to where her hand rested on his. His fingers were shaking slightly, his thumb twitching to graze across hers. So, it did affect him as much as it affected her. Rey moved her hand away before he could take it. Not that she thought he would; it just wasn’t a risk she was ready to take. She rose, moving to the bathroom mirror. Her hair still dripped steadily onto her shoulders. Finding the hair ties she’d abandoned, she started crafting her normal three buns. Finn had once commented how strange her choice of hairstyle was. With a very kind roll of the eyes, she had explained that the style was the only way to keep all her hair out of her face while she was scavenging. Otherwise it kept falling out. She hadn’t told him it was the hairstyle her family had left her with. As she tightened the last band, Rey noticed Kylo coming up behind her. There was something in his hands that he unravelled as he got closer. What Rey didn’t expect was the cloak she was so fond of being wrapped around her shoulders. The thick material was warm and heavy on her. It was a welcome weight as she imagined that was what it’d feel like to embrace someone larger than her. Someone like Kylo. She caught his eye in the mirror. His hands still gripped the edges of her cloak, fingers shaking as they tried to fasten the clasp. Rey smiled, reaching up to do it herself. When he finally spoke, his lips were inches from her ear, “You’ll have your normal clothes back soon enough. For now, you can at least enjoy the cloak.” His deep voice rumbling against her skin made her shiver. Rey spun, beaming up at him. “Thank you.” The entrance suddenly slid open, making them jump apart. Kylo stepped out of the refresher, no doubt to scold whoever was calling so early. When Rey peered around the door, it was merely the droid who had brought her food the night before. It gurgled out its apologies for interrupting but it had important news. Kylo’s shoulders visibly tensed, prompting Rey to worry what the news could be. And if he was hiding something from her again. In its language, the droid said, “Master Ren, the Supreme Leader has asked for your presence… And hers.” Bile rose in Rey’s throat. Snoke. Snoke wanted to see her. Her heart pounded. Her stomach flipped. Her body shook so hard she had to grasp hold of the refresher door to keep herself steady. She had known fear. This was worse. It was only when Kylo glanced over his shoulder that she knew she wasn’t alone in that fear. The things Snoke had done to him. The scars across his back… Never again, she vowed. Rey knew there wasn’t much she could do in her situation. But Maker damn her if she ever let Snoke torture either of them again. The droid was dismissed with a wave of Kylo’s hand. The moment it was gone and the door had closed, Kylo was upon her, fingers digging into her arms. “It’s going to be okay. It’s going to be alright, I promise.” Rey wasn’t sure if that was for her benefit or his. All she could manage to do was nod. When she slowed her breathing, Kylo took his hands away. “All you have to do is answer his questions. Don’t fight him. He won’t hurt you, because you’re too valuable to him.” “You’re sure about that?” She intended it to sound sarcastic but when she opened her mouth, her voice was weak. “You’re more valuable to him than I am.” Rey didn’t reply. What could she say to that? Just one look in Kylo’s mind and anyone would know how worthless he felt. How he wanted to do everything to please Snoke, no matter what the cost. And all he got in return was torture and pain. But he wasn’t worthless. Not to his family, who still loved him even now. Not to his grandfather, who had said he would be a great Jedi. Not to her. She gave him a small smile and handed him something. It was ice cold against her fingertips as she weighed the object in her hands. Rey hated it and if she had her way, she would never have to touch it again. “Here.” Kylo looked down at the object and his eyes widened in surprise. He knew Rey hated that god-forsaken mask more than she hated even The First Order. At his incredulity, Rey forgot the invisible walls they had put up between them. The unspoken rules to never touch each other save for training. She reasoned she had already broken them by touching his hands. This time was different. She reached up and laid her fingers on his face, like she had done once before. By that lake. Rey lightly grazed the edge of his scar, feeling his hot breath on her skin, before meeting his gaze. He was scared. Scared of the touch, scared of whatever was going on in his heart. Exactly mirroring her own. No. If she was going to be brave about facing Snoke, she could be brave about this. “What are you doing?” Kylo breathed. She shoved the mask at him a little. “Well we don’t want to give him any reason to kick your arse again, do we?” “You say things like that and I’ll start to think you actually care.” Rey opened her mouth only to snap it shut. Instead she used her fingers to convey her words, while she wasn’t ready to say them aloud. She let them trail along his scar, across his cheek, through his hair. It really was as soft as it said on the bottle. Kylo’s gaze burned into her the whole time. His hands remained on his helmet, but every so often, his eyes would flicker to her lips and she knew he wanted to have his hands anywhere but on that mask. For a panicked moment, Rey thought he was going to kiss her. How would she react to that? She had never been kissed before. Was there a proper way to do it? And this was Kylo Ren. She shouldn’t want to kiss him. Maybe they weren’t enemies anymore, but this wasn’t how it was supposed to be. She stepped away, loosening her grip on the mask. “We should probably go.” Kylo nodded, blinking away the last few moments as if they were nothing. He slid the mask on and suddenly it was so easy to forget anything except her anger and despair. When he had that thing on, Rey saw nothing but the monster. ** Leia Organa was accustomed to difficulty. She had faced the Imperial Empire and won, for kriff’s sake. So why didn’t she know what to do about the Guavian Death Gang? There were too many factors to count. D’Qar had enough of a ground force to blast the gang’s ships from the sky. But with the amount the enemy had, there wasn’t a chance the Resistance wouldn’t suffer substantial losses. Then there were the First Order ships. If they were to attack the gang, the borrowed fleets would descend and wreak havoc on whatever remained. All while the Stormtroopers called for reinforcements. Leia feared they would have a full-blown invasion on their hands. Finn had once told her that the First Order didn’t have enough to attack them without the superweapon. That’s why they’d made the deal with the gang. Once the Guavians had destroyed half their forces, the First Order could finish them off. But if they did nothing, everyone would starve. It would happen slowly. For now, they had enough rations to last a month. Maybe two. The children would take priority, then the higher officials like herself. The first ones to die would be the staff, then the engineers, the pilots. It wouldn’t take long before children were left without families. Before Finn and Poe had to give up. Tears pricked in Leia’s eyes. She had come to see the two boys as her family. Not to mention Chewie, who would sacrifice himself before she went hungry. There was no way out of this one. “General?” Leia turned from the computer screen she had been blankly staring at to find Jessika Pava approaching. She had had very few encounters with the pilot, but as Poe’s friend and one of the sole survivors of Starkiller Base, Leia felt she could trust Pava. “What can I do for you, Jessika?” “Two things, general. Firstly, I have some pretty disturbing news.” Jessika’s expression told her that it was more horrifying, something Leia didn’t have the strength for right then. “Tell me.” Jessika swallowed. “One of our contacts on Arkanis, around the Stormtrooper Academy, was found dead this morning.” Leia sank onto the nearest stool. Death wasn’t anything new to her. And the news wouldn’t have been surprising if the contact had been old. The only conspirator they had on Arkanis was twenty-two. “How?” Leia cleared her throat. “Who?” “We don’t know, ma’am. But his body wasn’t in any state for the eyes.” The first culprit that came to mind was the First Order. Leia dismissed this immediately. Those monsters would have taken him prisoner, tortured him and thrown him to the dogs when they were done. His body might have been bloody, but if Jessika’s account was correct, it must have been someone else to have mutilated him like that. The problem was that there were too many people in the galaxy it could have been. Desperate for something to take her mind off the ever-growing pit of darkness, Leia asked, “And the second thing?” Jessika half-laughed. “Finn is freaking out about getting Rey back again.” Of course, Rey! How had she forgotten about her brother’s apprentice? Only a couple of days ago, Rey had been the Resistance’s first priority. But if they couldn’t get off the planet, there was nothing they could do. Somehow Leia knew the scavenger could take care of herself. The general rolled her eyes, an amused smirk spreading across her face. “Well, I had better go and calm him down then.” ** Snoke was waiting for them in the conference room. His great form loomed eerily over the whole chamber, his eyes dark and a furrowed brow marring his already scarred face. Kylo hated this part. The silence. The Supreme Leader would say nothing for several minutes while he assessed the tone of the room. He was wise to do so, but it frightened his apprentice. If the air was amiable, Snoke was not averse to destroying it. And if Kylo was in a foul temper, Snoke would find it amusing to make it worse. Now, Kylo was neither. Instead he was concerned for the woman at his side. Rey was stoic, her face betraying no fear, just as he had told her. He was proud of her bravery, though he could feel the terror thundering in her heart. Everything she had been told of Snoke, everything she had experienced through him… Kylo was surprised she hadn’t run in the opposite direction. A thought struck him. Why hadn’t she run? By now, he thought she’d have taken the first opportunity she got to get off The Finalizer . If it hadn’t been for that wriggling feeling deep in his gut, he would have assumed it was because she could learn enough to beat him again. The other logical reason was that she was still on her self-righteous quest to take him home. Neither would explain that feeling. His cheek still burned from where she had touched him. It had been such a surprise that he was still processing it. Rey had only ever touched him like that once before, and then she had been delirious. This time she had been perfectly coherent. The way she had looked at him. No-one had ever looked at him like that before. Like she cared about him, despite their joke. Like there was something worth saving in him. Even his father hadn’t seen that when he had so affectionately touched Kylo’s cheek before plummeting to his death. Han loved him, Kylo knew that. But cynical as his father was, Han could never believe like Leia could. Rey was something different. Nothing like he had ever known. And he didn’t care what Snoke might do to him, Kylo would never let that light go out. “Kylo Ren.” The Supreme Leader’s booming voice made him start. Taking a deep breath, Kylo approached the hologram. He sank to one knee and bowed his head. When he rose, he said, “Supreme Leader, the girl’s training is going well. She has…” Snoke silenced him with a wave of the hand. He beckoned Rey with a finger, who tightened her cloak, gripped her staff and stalked forward. Anyone else would have seen a powerhouse, ready to deal the hand of death to whoever got in her way. In that moment, she had never looked so beautiful. “Skywalker’s prodigy.” Snoke didn’t deign to use her name, making Kylo bristle. She wasn’t an object for him to play with. “I see that you have accepted my apprentice as your master. Very good.” Rey didn’t reply, though her jaw hardened. “I wish to see.” She squared her shoulders, eyes squeezing shut to prepare for the onslaught. Kylo reached his mind out to her, and she allowed their energies to intertwine. “Remember what I said: don’t fight him.” “I won’t.” And she didn’t intend to. Every part of her mind relaxed. She was learning fast; keeping the walls up would only make it more painful. But Rey was wiser than to allow the Supreme Leader to see everything. She wouldn’t have to fight, because she would keep her darkest secrets behind a locked door buried deep in her mind. Kylo knew Snoke would find that door. Maybe he would leave it alone, assuming it lead to her past like his did. Or maybe he would break it down. In which case, Kylo would do anything he could to protect those thoughts. Whatever Rey wanted to be kept secret would be kept secret. When Snoke finally invaded, Rey allowed him in, though she tensed when she felt the intrusion. She’d never had anyone except Kylo in her head before. Six months ago, when he’d used the mind probe, he had been gentle with her. It would have been a crime to hurt such a delicate creature as her. He doubted the developing Force bond would have let him anyway. Hearing his thoughts, Rey exerted a laugh into his mind, “I’d hardly call me a delicate creature.” “What would you prefer? ‘Dangerous when hungry’?” Rey laughed again. Good. At least it was taking her mind off Snoke. Kylo hurried to find another one. “Or how about ‘the deadliest woman in the galaxy’?” Rey made a bemused sound, but it was clear she didn’t much appreciate that last one. After all, she had never killed anyone. He quickly added, “To idiots who think of awful nicknames.” She chuckled. “At least you know you’re an idiot.” “Don’t tell anyone I said that.” Kylo grimaced, having a sudden thought of Hux calling him that for the rest of his life. “The two of you have quite the connection.” Snoke said, breaking their banter. Kylo snapped back to reality. He should have known Snoke would hear their conversation. “Good. That works in our favour.” Rage simmered just beneath the surface of Kylo’s control. He had worked too hard with her, come too far to allow Snoke to ruin the trust between them now. But Rey didn’t take his master’s words as a warning of his betrayal. Instead he felt anxiety. Worry that the door she had sealed was bursting open. What was she hiding? Addressing Rey, Snoke seemed impressed. “Ren was not wrong when he said you were talented at shielding your thoughts, girl. Unfortunately, he is not as skilled.” Pain lanced through Kylo’s head. He doubled over, screaming through the distortion of the mask. It pulsed inside his mind, stronger, stronger until the pathetic barriers were broken. Now Snoke could see everything. Everything from his ever-growing call to the light to his ever-growing pull to her. The Supreme Leader laughed, his cruel voice booming in his head. “Such sentiment will get you killed, Ren.” Then, as if to spite him, Snoke pushed through his mind and into Rey’s again. Only this time he could see it all. Kylo had never looked, but the bond allowed him access to all parts of Rey’s consciousness. Out of his reality, as if in another universe, Kylo heard Rey scream. And he lost it. “No! Don’t you dare touch her!” He snarled. For the first time, Kylo found the strength to push back against Snoke. He called every ounce of power left in him and shoved back against Snoke’s mind, tearing holes where he could. Soon enough, Rey stopped screaming, collapsing to her knees. The pressure on Kylo’s mind lifted, the blood gushing from his nose slowing to a trickle. But he couldn’t shake the feeling Snoke had backed off. What was he capable of if he fought back? When Kylo opened his eyes, the Supreme Leader was grinning. A predator with its teeth bared, ready to devour its prey. Sickness churned in Kylo’s stomach as he realised that surge of power had been darkness, pure and thick. Snoke had found a new way to torture him: hurt Rey, and the dark side would consume him forever. ** Silence followed them with every step. It had to have been over an hour since they’d left the conference chamber, but neither of them could say a word. Rey wasn’t sure she had the strength to talk. Her body was still shaking, her head still aching. She had thought that first time was bad. Now she knew what Snoke was truly capable of. What Rey couldn’t decide was what caused her companion’s silence. Last time, he simply hadn’t wanted to talk about the ordeal. But last time Rey hadn’t been there, so that couldn’t be it. She hadn’t heard his words to his master. It was all blocked out by the burning agony pounding through her mind. All she knew was that if it weren’t for him, she could be dead now. When Snoke had mentioned their connection, Rey had been confused as to why he was laughing. To Snoke, she and Kylo were master and apprentice, perhaps friends but nothing more. Then she remembered how Snoke could see further into your thoughts than any other Force sensitive in the galaxy. He could see all the conflicting emotions in her heart, how her body reacted to Kylo, and – she suspected – how Kylo cared for her. Maker, she thought, he probably knows about Anakin. If Snoke didn’t need him so badly, didn’t want her trained in the ways of the dark side, Kylo would have been torn apart from the inside for his defiance. Finally, she manged a sentence. “Thank you.” He still had his mask on, and with the bond closed off, Rey couldn’t feel anything from him. It was just… cold. “For what?” She shivered at the voice, dead and mangled through the regulator. “For kicking him out. I know that wouldn’t have been easy.” He glanced once at her, the hollow black eyes boring into her. “You're welcome.” Rey fell silent again. There were a thousand things she wanted to say: that she was sorry for bringing that on him, to ask what he had said to Snoke, to know what he was hiding from her. But nothing came to fruition. It all seemed so meaningless. So, she decided to go with something more worthless. “Do they have fruit on this ship?” “What?” His voice was incredulous. “Do they have fruit on this ship? Like the kind on Takodana?” “After everything that just happened, that’s what you want to know?” She shrugged and he sighed, “Yes, there is fruit. I’m sure I can get some for you, if that’s what you wish.” Rey grinned. It had been so long since she’d tasted her favourite food. “I think we should have a fruit banquet. That sounds wonderful.” “Why do you like fruit so much?” She was about to reply, but that goddamned mask was irritating her too much. Moving in front of him, she stood with her hands on her hips. He stopped dead in his tracks, rocking back on his heels a little. “I’m not talking to you unless you take that off.” Though she could tell he was rolling his eyes, Kylo obliged and slid the helmet off his head. In its wake, it left a crown of mussed dark hair that made Rey’s heart quiver. It was just like the first time they’d met. “Am I free to repeat my question now?” He said with a quirked eyebrow. “Go ahead.” Rey said, returning to his side. In a moment’s bravery, she looped her arm through his as they walked. While his arm tensed at first, he didn’t seem to mind. “Why do you like fruit so much?” “Don’t you?” “I do. But there are far better delicacies in the galaxy. Chocolate, for example.” He said the words as if reminiscing. Rey recalled seeing in his mind the image of a boy with blue sugar coating his lips. It was amusing to her that a man plagued by such darkness would have a sweet tooth. “I’ve never tried chocolate.” She replied, glancing over to see his expression. He was looking at her the way Finn had when she’d thought Luke Skywalker was a myth. To so many people, she was like an alien from another galaxy. “I think you would like it.” “They never had things like that on Jakku. I lived on bread and scraps of meat,” He already knew all this but as she spoke, he listened dutifully. “Before I got to Takodana, I’d never even seen a fruit. And it was the best thing I had ever tasted. Maybe that’s why I like it so much.” “Believe it or not, before I came here, I had never seen a holobook.” It was Rey’s turn to be surprised. Coming from a family like his, she would have assumed they had holobooks to spare. “But I thought…” “That we had lots?” Kylo nodded. “We did. My mother liked to read a lot in the years after I was born. And Skywalker had many in the Academy, but I was kept away from them. They were fearful of me discovering my true heritage.” Rey remembered Luke telling her about that. All his life Kylo had been shielded from who his family really were. Despite the outcomes, even then Rey had thought it was wrong to keep it a secret from him. Everyone deserved to know where they came from. She knew that better than anyone. She gave his arm a gentle squeeze, but he had already moved on. “I assume there were no books on a desert planet. How did you learn how to read?” Rey gave him a mischievous smirk. “You’d be surprised what you find in those old ships. I found hundreds of manuals over the years. I collected them all, and wrapped them up to protect them from the sand.” “Why didn’t you trade them? Those manuals could have given you a few months’ worth of food.” Kylo was frowning, and he was right. It was only logical to trade anything she could get her hands on to survive. “The same reason I didn’t trade my X-Wing Pilot’s helmet. Or my staff.” Her free hand involuntarily moved to rest affectionately on her staff. It was one of the only things she could never part with. “They were too precious for me to let go of.” Kylo nodded. For him, it would be like giving up his lightsaber. A strange sound interrupted their conversation. Kylo groaned at the soft noise, but Rey unlatched herself from his arm and peered around the corner. There, sat in the middle of the corridor licking its paw, was a ginger cat. Rey beamed. She had never seen a cat before and was instantly besotted. Without any regard to how the creature might react, she stooped forwards and bundled it up in her arms. “Where did you come from, little one?” She scratched the cat behind its ear. It purred and buried itself deeper in her arms. Kylo backed away from her when she brought the creature near him. As if in answer, the cat hissed at him. Rey chuckled, “Just ignore the nasty man over there. He won’t hurt you.” “Rey, that thing is not…” She scowled at him and he shut up. Never been able to do that before, she thought with a smirk. “Ah!” The voice made Rey turn. It was new to her, but apparently one all too familiar to Kylo for he came up behind her, close enough to place a strong hand on the small of her back. The man that approached them was tall in stature, with ginger hair perfectly combed in place and a rigid posture. “You found her. I’ve been looking everywhere for Millicent.” The man took Millicent from Rey’s arms, giving her what she could only assume was an attempt at a smile before he noticed Kylo behind her. His expression set into one of harsh severity. It was clear by his lack of surprise that this man had seen Kylo without his mask on before. And judging by his official uniform, Rey figured this was the infamous General Hux. “Ren.” The redhead hissed. His bright blue eyes were like ice, and Rey began to doubt they had ever held warmth. “General Hux, what a pleasure.” Kylo’s voice dripped with venom. “I’d like you to meet…” “Rey, I assume.” Hux’s interruption made Kylo snarl behind her. The redhead stiffly extended an arm which Rey shook, making sure to keep her grip firm. Kylo had never mentioned the general, but Finn had always spoken of him with disdain. If her best friend despised the man, so would she. Hux lingered too long in the handshake, dragging Rey a little closer. She tried to fight against his grip but it was too strong. The Force within her squirmed, desperate to get away from this man. Rey knew she could make this man quiver with fear, and like Kylo standing protectively behind her, there was nothing she wanted more. It is a weakness, Rey, to punish those who have done us wrong. We must show compassion. She willed Luke’s voice from her head, but there it stayed. She wouldn’t harm Hux. It wasn’t the Jedi way. It wasn’t her way. Her inner self grinned as she realised one day she would face this man on the battlefield. Then she could tear his insides apart. No! This wasn’t her. That darkness was not her. It was just Kylo, seeping into her thoughts. Just his anger mixing with her fear. But the bond wasn’t open… Hux leaned in to whisper in her ear. Rey pulled back, but he held her firm. “Be careful of him, dear girl.” The redhead let her go and she stumbled back. Kylo caught her with a gentle hand on her back. The simple gesture put her instantly at ease. Hux backed away, a smirk on his mouth as he beheld Kylo. Rey twisted around to get a look at her companion. His expression was stony, rage curling his mouth into a sneer. In his eyes, Rey saw something different. Something stronger than hatred. Jealousy. “Ren.” Hux inclined his head and went on his way, Millicent purring in his arms. Rey tracked him until his shock of ginger hair disappeared around the corner. Then her eyes moved to Kylo. He wouldn’t look at her. Why was he jealous? Rey had suspected that his emotions for her went deeper than just the awkward friendship they had established. That he was struggling with what he felt like she was. Then she realised that she wasn’t the only one to suspect. Hux had held her close on purpose, whispered in her ear on purpose. To spite Kylo. Surely he would know that she hated the general. “We should return to my quarters. I suspect we will have a long day of training ahead of us tomorrow.” Kylo said quietly, still not meeting her eyes. Rey didn’t reply. She wanted to confront him about the Hux incident, though she knew that if she did, he would close off to her. Like every time they got closer to discussing something other than her Force abilities. So, she kept quiet, praying that one day he would show her everything. Notes: I feel like they've come so far in this chapter alone. I hope you enjoyed it! Let me know what you thought :) Chapter 13 : When We Collide Summary: So it's here! After a long wait, chapter thirteen. Told entirely from Kylo's POV, this is (what I hope is) a beautiful chapter. One of my favourites to write, so I hope you love it as much as I do! Notes: I am so sorry for the long wait! It's been agonising keeping it from you this long, but it took a long time to write and it took some editing too. Plus I went through a mini plot revision. So, I want to say thank you so much for being so patient with me. I hope it's worth it! Thank you all for your support as well! You're all wonderful! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He couldn’t sleep. Why couldn’t he sleep? Six years of murdering his way across the galaxy and sleep hadn’t eluded him once. Six years of enduring Snoke’s torture… He had nightmares. He would wake up gasping, drowning in his own sweat. But no longer than it took him to calm himself did slumber consume him again. Now Kylo Ren was padding towards his kitchenette, his bare feet slapping against the cold tile floor. He rummaged through the cupboards, not entirely sure of what he was searching for. Anything to keep him occupied. Anything to keep him from looking at the girl sleeping on his couch. He could hear every steady breath, the sound tingling his skin. Every so often she would roll over, squirming until she got comfortable again. Kylo had come to see her as something more than she was. In his eyes, she was a force of nature when in reality, she was just human. And it was those human actions that made her endearing. Made her the only normal thing in his life to keep him sane. Suddenly Kylo realised just why he couldn’t sleep. Whenever he closed his eyes, all he saw was Rey in his place before Snoke, barely able to stand, blood pouring from every crevice. All he heard was her screams. As a master, he was supposed to be indifferent to his apprentice’s pain. As a Knight of Ren, he was supposed to be apathetic to anyone’s pain. Stormtroopers didn’t bother him; striking down useless ones was part of his job. First Order officials had no impact, even Hux… Especially Hux. But when it came to her all he could do was feel. It was all he could do not to protect her, to care about her more than he had cared about anything in a long, long time. Kylo slammed the cupboard door, prompting a groan from Rey. He grimaced, though she didn’t wake. What was happening to him? Snoke had beaten the compassion out of him a long time ago. The dark side drew power from rage and passion and pain. And yet he was never more powerful than when he was twined with her light. It was a trick. She was making him care for her, manipulating him into thinking she reciprocated these strange, awkward feelings. As much as Kylo didn’t want to believe it, what other explanation was there? She would succeed and then fulfil her vow, dragging him back to the mother he had no doubt hated him. To the uncle who would set his lightsaber upon his own nephew’s neck. Then she would take her place in the Resistance, finish her training with Skywalker, perhaps become the greatest Jedi the galaxy had seen. Maybe she would rewrite the rules to be with the traitor she was so friendly with, or the pilot. Or Hux. Kylo choked back on bile. No; Rey had more integrity than that. Hux was a sycophantic, pathetic excuse for a human being. Nothing worthy of a prize like her. The general had been so interested in her, pulling her in close. To his relief, Rey had seemed disgusted by the encounter, but Kylo couldn’t shake the image of Hux’s smarmy hands on her. This must have been what jealousy felt like. Glancing at her, features softer in her rest, Kylo realised he was being paranoid. Rey wasn’t manipulating him; she wasn’t cold or calculating enough. Whatever was going on within her, it was warm. Completely real. He wasn’t sure how long he stood there, watching her chest rise and fall. It felt like minutes, though could have been hours. Long enough at least that when something changed, Kylo picked up on it instantly. She tossed herself over, eyes squeezing together, hands clawing at the cloak around her like she was suffocating. Tears started spilling down her cheeks, distressed whimpers getting higher and higher in pitch until a bloodcurdling scream broke free. Her eyes flew open in terror, and Kylo was across the room in seconds. Kneeling before her, Kylo placed two large hands on her arms, steady despite the fear pulsing through him. Rey gripped onto him, nails digging into his bare shoulders. Damn. He’d forgotten he was shirtless. Rey didn’t care as she scratched him desperately, trying to reach something that wasn’t there. Kylo moved his hands up to cup her face, wiping the tears from her cheeks with a thumb. “It’s okay.” He soothed. “It’s alright.” “No,” She sobbed, “No, he’s still there… Still there.” Her hands moved to her own scalp, scraping through her hair like she could dig him out. “No, Rey, he’s not. It’s okay,” He repeated, the fear in his voice intensifying. Darkness bubbled just below the surface, threatening to consume him. Snoke would never hurt her again… but he pushed that shadow deep into the pit of his heart. He grappled hold of her hands and forced them down. She resisted and gripped onto him again, as if holding onto him was her lifeline to reality. “It was just a dream. He can’t hurt you here.” Rey looked at him, really looked at him. Just the sound of his voice seemed to calm her down as she began to take deeper breaths. Rey swallowed. “You get them too.” She whispered. Kylo nodded, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. It was such a mundane gesture that for a moment, Kylo forgot who they were. Rey’s eyes, more hazel than the brown he’d first assumed, never strayed from his. Rey’s hands slid over his shoulders, briefly brushing the hollow of his throat before settling at the nape of his neck. Her fingers worked the strands of his hair into loose knots, shaking as she tried to calm herself. The gentle caress of her hands against his bare skin made him shiver. Wherever her skin met his, heat followed. It scorched him from the inside out, penetrating deep into every muscle as he tried to keep himself under control. Desperate to distract himself, Kylo moved his hands to Rey’s wrists, gripping tight. Her fingers stopped moving and she focused on him again. They were so close. Close enough that he could feel her warm breath against his cheeks, pick out every fleck of green in her eyes. Mere inches apart. A gap he could so easily close… No. Kylo pulled away, forcing her hands from around his neck. He stood on uneasy feet, almost stumbling backward. The loss of contact took them both by surprise. The air in his lungs wheezed out in an aching gasp, while Rey’s body went stiff, heart contracting painfully. It was difficult to tell whose hurt was whose. “You should probably go back to sleep.” Kylo muttered, keeping his distance. Rey pushed herself up, back rigid against the couch, and shook her head. “I don’t think I can.” He would have insisted, but she was right. After her first time with Snoke, it was likely she wouldn’t rest properly for weeks. As he watched her, Kylo had an idea. Her shoulders were rippling with tension, her fingers shaking violently in her lap. When she looked up, her eyes had grown cold. She needed to take her mind off it. And Kylo had the perfect way to do it. ** “Where are we going?” Rey asked for what felt like the billionth time. Kylo grumbled, his hand tugging her along. “I told you. You’ll find out when we get there.” Why did she have to be so difficult? The idea had come to him like a lightbulb. Over the past few weeks, Kylo had noticed more and more that Rey was like him. That she was impulsive, brash, unerringly hungry for knowledge. And that the best way to calm her down was for her to smash everything around her to pieces. “It’s the middle of the night, you know.” She quipped as she strained against his grip. He loosened his hold but she kept jerking away. Eventually he let her go completely, realising she didn’t like having her hand held. “If it wasn’t, we’d have Stormtroopers on our tail right now. All of them following like hungry dogs.” Kylo huffed, just imagining it. When he glanced behind him, though, Rey’s brow was scrunched up in confusion. “They’ve never seen my face before.” “Right.” She muttered before asking, “Won’t it be strange that we’re wandering round at night, though?” Kylo shook his head. “We’re not wandering. As far as anyone’s concerned, I’m taking you to the training room. Hux might question it – in fact he will. But all he’ll know is that I’m giving you late night lessons.” Rey caught up with him, falling into place beside him. What she lacked in height – and therefore stride – she more than made up for in speed. “So, what are we doing?” He looked over at her, seeing the mischievous glint in her eye and couldn’t help but grin. “I find the easiest way to fall asleep is to have let off some steam.” She raised an eyebrow, but that sparkle didn’t disappear. Inside her head, Kylo saw flashes of everything she could imagine they would be doing at so late an hour. Some mundane, like enhancing her telekinesis abilities, and others… Much less innocent. He almost voiced his opinion on that, but her cheeks were flushed, the blush too fierce to warrant further embarrassment. Kylo couldn’t deny he hadn’t thought of such things before, and seeing them in her mind, vivid and fleeting, made warmth spread through him. Kylo put any notion of it out of his head. That wouldn’t be happening tonight. They rounded a corner, finally reaching the training room. He punched in the code, acutely aware of how close Rey was behind him. When he spoke again, Rey didn’t appear to notice how he had to clear his throat several times before the words emerged, “Put your staff down over there. You won’t be needing it.” She hesitated, slowly taking the weapon from across her back. As Kylo unlatched two objects from the wall, however, she was quick to lay it down. Then she let her cloak slide off her shoulders. Kylo held one of the objects – a training saber – out to her. Rey shot out a hand in front of her, already knowing what he wanted her to do. Unlike before, her brow didn’t furrow, her eyes didn’t harden, her fingers didn’t contract with the strain. Instead she was perfectly relaxed, and within moments the saber had flown into her grip. She grinned at how easily it had come without anger and pain surging her power. Without fearing for her life. He saw the silent gratitude in her eyes; she never would have succeeded if not for his coaching. Raw power like hers needed to be coaxed out, tamed like the wild force it was. Not pushed like Skywalker would have done. Only he understood that; he’d been the same. Kylo ignited his saber, the white plasma burning hot beside him. He moved into the training space as Rey ignited hers and followed. Twirling the saber in his hands, Kylo got a feel for the weapon. It was lighter than his own lightsaber, and less powerful. The thin hilt felt foreign in his hand. It was too small in his paw-like hands. With his back still to Rey, Kylo stopped. She followed suit and waited for him to turn and instruct her. But she didn’t need instruction. Kylo whirled, bringing his saber down in an arc towards Rey. Startled, Rey stumbled back, narrowly parrying the blow. She blocked the next and the next, though he forced her backwards. When he swung low, she jumped and sliced her saber downwards. When he arced upwards, she ducked and rolled, sparks flying as their sabers connected again. Not once did she take the offensive. Although Kylo had far exceeded her in combat skills during his malicious personal training, her tactic took him by surprise. On Starkiller, all she had done was attack. There was no fear on her face as she parried. She had another plan. Curious to see how she played it out, Kylo refrained from peering into her head, rather keeping to his own tactic of driving her backward. Rey sidestepped his attack, driving him back with a carefully placed swing. He smirked. The battle was getting to her now. It wouldn’t be long before she unleashed the fury he’d beheld on Starkiller. Retaliating, Kylo plunged his saber forward. She caught the blow with hers, holding the sabers together between them. Kylo forced her back a few steps until her back collided with the wall. A grin spread across her face, the pulsating white energy wall lighting up her whole face. Interesting, he thought, last time she wasn’t as happy about this. Then again, the last time they had fought was in a dream. And she had been up against a tree, grinning. Kylo felt the Force twitch in her, growing and spreading. It filled him with its light. It burned, singeing his tainted soul, but it was so warm… Her eyes fluttered closed as she let her power consume the world around her, drawing everything in. She reached inside his mind, twining her energy with his. They had woven their power together only twice before. Once here, in the training room. The other on Starkiller. This time, it felt more like the latter. This was going to be good. When Rey finally opened her eyes, she shoved against him with both her arms and her mind. He fell backwards, taken aback by her strength. But as he collected himself enough to fight back, she clicked her saber off. Confusion seeped through him. What was the point in the battle meditation if she was only going to stop? A laugh slipped free of her lips. Kylo frowned at her, conceding and clicking off his saber. Only then did he notice the chunkier, heavier hilt in her hand. “Kriff,” He muttered. How had she…? He didn’t have time to consider it before she ignited the lightsaber, the red plasma flaring in three directions, and was swinging it towards him. His training saber was lit in a flash, arcing up to parry her attack. She moved like a whirlwind. A tempest of rage, energy and passion. Skills like his would have been unparalleled by anyone else. He was faster, stronger; an agent of Death himself. And she was a goddess. Her connection to the Force ran deeper than anyone he’d known. Even Skywalker. While she wasn’t as advanced in combat, the Force guided her. That was all she needed. They fought like that for a while, dancing back and forth around each other’s sabers. The collision of crimson and white created a show that sizzled like a coral sunset. Blocking against his own lightsaber was strange enough, almost impossible with his pitiful excuse for a weapon. Stranger to see how she enjoyed the swing of it. For a moment, an image flickered through his head. A picture of that red shaft arcing towards him as he knelt in the gravel, bowing his head and surrendering himself to the blow. He felt the fear, the anguish of those final moments. By the Maker, what had he become? Rey took advantage of his musings. She advanced, blocking one of his half-hearted attacks and as he stepped back, she brought his lightsaber round, spinning in a perfect replica of his own movements. It was dazzling to see that grace at work. Bringing the saber down, she aimed lower than the white shaft of his saber, slicing clean through the hilt. The saber clattered to the ground with a pathetic thump. Kriff! He thought, ducking her swipe upwards. The saber passed just inches from his face, reminding him too much of the agony that rippled through him when she cleaved his face in two. This time she didn’t touch him, though the end of the lightsaber, showering sparks everywhere, remained pointed in his direction. When he peered around the immediate danger, she was smiling. A tired smile; a breathless smile. But one that made her glow like the stars. Holding up his hands in mock surrender, Kylo gave her an impressed smirk around his lungs’ gasping for air. Rey lowered the lightsaber and clicked it off, taking a few steps back. Not so fast. Kylo shot one hand out before Rey noticed, the object coming to him in an instant. He closed his fingers around the grip, bowed and swiped the feet out from under his opponent. Rey tumbled to the ground, colliding with the mats beneath her with a painful thud. She pushed herself up on her elbows, rolling her shoulders to test the ache, only to find herself face to face with the end of her staff. “I’d say that’s a win for me.” Kylo quirked an eyebrow in amusement. “You surrendered first!” She shot back. “Combat lesson one: never lower your weapon or turn your back.” She glared at him, though he continued, “And I was distracted.” Rey tried to uphold her scowl. But it was all she could do for the corners of her mouth no to curl upwards. “Oh, that’s your excuse.” She reached out and grabbed the end of her staff, pulling herself up until she had to crane her neck to look at him. Their bodies collided in the process, and she stumbled backwards, almost falling straight back down. Kylo followed her, dropping the staff and curling an arm around her. To keep herself steady, Rey planted her hands on Kylo’s chest as he righted her. There it was again. That heat. That feeling of the galaxy melting away around them. “Kylo…” She whispered. The way she said his name – like she was testing its texture for the first time, finding it soft and gentle. It sent shivers through him. “Yes?” Her eyes met his. There were words there, whorls of ancient scripture. Words she couldn’t find the strength to say. Shaking her head, she settled with, “Thank you. I needed that.” Kylo nodded stiffly, removing his arm from around her waist. “We should get back.” He scooped up his lightsaber as she knelt to strap her staff across her back. But just as he moved to leave, she spoke, “Actually, I, uh… well I won’t be able to sleep when we get back. Nightmares and all,” Rey lowered her eyes as she continued, “And I’ve never slept as well as I did when you did that thing…” She waved her hand around her head. Shock struck him, though he managed to keep his voice indifferent, “You want me to put you in a Force sleep?” She nodded slowly, as if just realising what she’d asked of him. A Force sleep was a considerably dark side trick. One that, even if she could do it on herself, she would never perform. Kylo considered for a moment. He’d promised not to teach her the dark side, and within that, not to inflict its abilities on her. But when he looked at her, Kylo saw nothing but fear. She would do anything to keep those nightmares away. “Alright.” Approaching, Rey slipped her staff from around her shoulders and thrust it out towards him. When he reached out for it, she brought it back a little. She really doesn’t like to let go of it, he mused. He tried again, managing to take hold of the grip, and as she considered his eyes, Kylo hoped she saw that she could trust him. A moment passed and she let go. Allowing himself a slight smirk, Kylo swung the strap across his body. Rey had wandered across to the other side of the training room where her cloak lay in a bundle on the floor. Crouching, she gently wrapped her hands in the material, savouring its warmth. A warmth he could feel on his own fingers. That was going to be another treasure she never let go of. Wrapping it around her shoulders, Rey returned to him and squared her shoulders. He searched her face for any doubt, but she gave him a stiff nod. Taking a breath, he whispered, “Close your eyes.” Rey obliged. His hand lifted and hovered by her cheek before she gave an annoyed snort. Rolling his eyes, Kylo flicked his wrist and she collapsed into his arms. ** Carrying her back to his chambers, Kylo savoured her warmth against his chest. While her legs hung limply across one arm, her head rested against his heart and he’d made sure to throw one of her arms around his neck. He was grateful that no-one was around this late to see them. It was too intimate a moment to share with any disapproving eyes. When they passed a reflective panel in the wall, what he saw was not a Knight of Ren carrying his apprentice. It was a man, broken and beaten down by the galaxy, with the only woman who could put him back together. It was the image he wanted to see over and over again. For the rest of his life. Getting into his quarters proved particularly difficult with Rey in his arms. He shuffled her legs further up his arms so he could just reach the control pad. The door slid open and he slipped inside. Despite her light weight, carrying her all that way had taken its toll on his muscles. So, he was grateful when he laid her gently down on the couch. Her breathing was steady, her eyes fluttering every so often in her sleep. She shivered a little, pulling her cloak tighter around her. He rose, careful not to wake her, and crossed to the closet, where several spare blankets lay folded up. Plucking one down, he returned to her side and laid it gently across her body. Then he Force pulled one of his pillows to him before softly lifting her head up and sliding it beneath. She curled up and buried her head in the pillow. Kylo gazed fondly at her, unable to resist tucking a piece of hair behind her ear. She stirred at his touch, leaning towards it. A soft smile graced her face when her cheek met his fingers. The moment in the training room came back to him. Knowing the words were there, unspoken and buried, but there – it was almost more than Kylo could bear. They were stuffed down inside him too, threatening to spill at any moment. How she had made him care again. How much he needed her light. How she had shown him how to be the man his grandfather would be proud of. A burst of courage shot through him and he leaned forward. His lips caressed her forehead for less than a heartbeat, but the sensation sent shockwaves through his veins. When he pulled away, realisation struck him. A truth that hit him harder than his grandfather’s true wish; than the strength of the light within him; even than how he cared for this scavenger girl, and how she cared for him too. Kylo Ren loved her. And that’s why he had to tell her about D’Qar. Notes: Well... How about that ending, huh? I hope you enjoyed it! Don't forget to let me know what you thought. I promise chapter fourteen will come sooner. And it'll be well worth waiting for (hmm, I wonder why...) Chapter 14 : Lost in Paradise Summary: Chapter fourteen finally done! This one's a little different to previous ones, but I hope you enjoy! Notes: I just want to say, as I always do, thank you for your constant support and patience. It's wonderful to have so many amazing people reading this! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The forest was alive. Night swirled like black ink through the trees, the underbrush, down from the sky. Diamonds of starlight sparkled on that onyx canvass, challenged in its beauty only by the fire breathing life through the forest. It crackled not twenty feet from where Rey stood. She leant against a tree, watching as the flames devoured the wood beneath. A partner to the trees whose branches swayed around it, the bonfire danced along to the music flowing around the camp. Oh, what music! Rey had never heard anything like it before. It was a song of miracles, of hopes long forsaken but finally found. It was a song of triumph. The music called to her, beckoned her to come closer. Obeying its hypnotic command, Rey stepped forward. It was an effort not to sprint towards it, and Maker damn her, she moved too fast across the forest floor, scraping her bare legs against the sharp foliage. Wait. Bare legs. Rey looked down. She was indeed clothed in her usual attire. The beige cut-offs, grey vest and boots. Not the black training robes. Another Force dream. But where was Kylo? Shouldn’t he be there? Just as the question formed in her mind, something crunched behind her. Whipping around, Rey braced herself, fingers instantly grasping for the staff at her back – She froze. Her body seized up, unable to move even an inch. She managed to draw in a sharp breath as she beheld the figure approaching her. They moved like smoke on water, gliding through the underbrush, cloaked entirely in darkness. But when she heard the voice, Rey relaxed. “Wouldn’t want you attacking me at such a happy event.” Kylo emerged from the shadows, a smirk playing on his lips. He waved his hand and she was released. Finding her fingers intact, Rey gave him a vulgar gesture that only prompted a chuckle. “Shall we?” Kylo held an arm out. Rey took it with a tentative hand. Something was amiss. In the way he smiled with more warmth than before; the way he didn’t tense up when she touched him. Then it hit her: the real Kylo would never have willingly taken her to a celebration like this. He chuckled beside her. “Before you pull away, I am the real Kylo. But this isn’t real; it’s just a dream.” “You… You can hear me?” But she had the bond closed. “Every word.” He cast her a sidelong glance, only to see her brows knotted together. “It’s a Force dream, Rey. We’re Force-bonded; in here, I can hear everything you say. Just like you can hear everything in my head.” He wasn’t wrong. When she pushed through the mental barriers, she found his mind completely open to her. Not wanting to rummage into parts he normally kept behind tightly locked doors, Rey prodded at the first part of his consciousness. “See? Now you can hear everything.” His voice echoed in her mind. “I’m not sure I want to see all the things in your mind.” Rey remarked, quirking an eyebrow at him. Kylo laughed softly, though a little of the light winked out in his eyes. “Trust me, I don’t have those kinds of thoughts.” An advantage, Rey discovered, of having the walls down: she would always know when he was lying. She allowed herself a little smile, but kept her mouth shut. Every day, he seemed more and more human. Less like the monster she had met on Starkiller. Now that she thought about it, and while she couldn’t excuse everything he had done, Rey knew that it was a miracle she hadn’t become a monster herself. They had both been lost, afraid, shunned by the galaxy. She had only dealt with it better. The lips at her ear had her sucking in a breath. “It’s nice to know you don’t hate me anymore.” Damn. She thought. He’d heard her again. When she moved her head to face him, Rey found their foreheads almost touching. His normally cold obsidian eyes were filled with warmth. Kylo pulled away before her heart got the better of her. She gave his arm a gentle squeeze as they continued onwards. Heat spread over Rey’s skin as they approached the clearing, the fire building to a crescendo with the music, and when the harmony cut out, the flames crashed back down. Untangling herself from Kylo, Rey dashed forward, stopping at the edge to stare at the beauty. The bonfire sat in a shallow pit, carved benches in a circle around it. Sat atop those benches were small bear-like creatures, leather hoods adorning their heads. The clearing was surrounded by enormous, thick-trunked trees that housed tree cabins built deep into the foliage. On the balconies and rickety walkways between them, the creatures tapped their feet along to the music. The same creatures danced in the clearing before the band. Along with… “Luke.” The name was barely a whisper. Her master’s name felt foreign on Rey’s lips, just like the smile on his face. In all the time they had spent together, Rey hadn’t once seen Luke with a grin that wide. Or that young. His hair shone like dusted gold in the firelight, not the matted grey as it was now. His eyes were bluer, happier. It was amazing; Luke had faced the Empire and watched his father die in his arms, and he could still smile. But when his own nephew turned against him… Rey spun to find Kylo lurking in the shadows, his gaze fixed on the scene before him. She followed his stare, past the Ewoks, past Luke, to the couple dancing across the way. The woman’s arms were wrapped around the man’s neck. Her hair flowed like liquid chocolate as the man spun her around, both with massive smiles on their faces. They couldn’t have looked more in love. Han and Leia. Kylo’s attention never faltered from his parents, pain flashing through his mind. With a jolt, she realised it was the first time he had seen his mother in over six years. And this wasn’t even her. If Leia turned around now, she wouldn’t recognise either of them. Then… Han. It was the first time he’d seen his father since… The agony ripping its way through his heart was splitting. Kylo had his arms crossed, his eyes downcast as he shifted from foot to foot. This was the last thing he needed. Rey knew she could never forget what he had done, and had found it so hard for so long to forgive him. But no matter how much she wanted to hate him for it, Kylo couldn’t have stopped it from happening. The only one to blame was Snoke – if he hadn’t done it, Kylo would likely have been dead now by his master’s hand. But Snoke had dealt him worse cards than death: now he had to live with that crushing guilt forever. Moving towards him, Rey reached out with her mind, sending calming waves towards him. The other end of the bond was silent, shut off from her and he didn’t even look up when she stopped in front of him. Rey hooked a finger under his chin and forced it up. When his eyes met hers, they were swimming. She gave him a small smile, willing him to blink back those tears. She had never seen him cry before. Before, she might have laughed; this time she feared she would break down with him. Think, her inner voice willed, think. Say something. “The princess and the scoundrel, huh?” She chuckled. Kylo’s lip trembled slightly as he tried to smile. Rey laid a hand on his cheek, her thumb grazing his scar. “It looks like they loved each other very much.” He managed a pained laugh as he said, “He was never good enough for my mother.” Rey would have shoved anyone else away for a comment like that. Han – while she imagined him to be a pain in the arse for Leia – was a good man. But Kylo didn’t mean what he said. The way he looked at his parents: with longing and years of memories Rey would never share… Rey didn’t notice as Kylo’s eyes went wide for a second. But when she turned back to him, there was a newfound light in his eyes. Shaking his head, Kylo composed himself, his mouth splitting into a half-hearted grin. “Come on, there’s someone I’d like you to meet.” She let him grasp her hand and tug her along behind him. Normally she hated being hauled off by big hands. Memories of a thick, alien arm almost pulling her arm out of its socket with its strength sent shivers ratcheting up her spine. It was why she had pulled away from Finn on Jakku, why she had been desperate for Kylo to loosen his grip the night before. But having his hand, strong and gentle in hers, sent warmth flooding through her veins. For a moment, she wondered what those tender hands could do elsewhere on her body – Kylo led her around the edge of the clearing, weaving through the shadows dancing on the floor from the blazing fire. It was so close that Rey had a sudden vision of being back on Jakku, in her sweatbox of a home, trying to sleep as the thunderous beat of the sandstorm crashed into the metal walls. On the other side of the bonfire, Kylo stopped just behind a tree, peering around it. Rey’s brow furrowed. What was he doing? She peered around his shoulder to see Luke lingering at the edge of the party. It looked like he was talking to someone but no-one was there. At least there wasn’t until Rey spied the ethereal blue glow surrounding three figures in front of him. Force ghosts. Rey had to clap a hand over her mouth to keep from gasping as she beheld the ghosts. The one in the middle was considerably shorter than those flanking him; an alien with wrinkled green skin and big ears, wrapped in Jedi robes and a walking stick in hand. Master Yoda. Luke had once told her about his old master. That Yoda was wise, possibly the wisest of all the Jedi. She wondered what it would have been like to learn from him. To the Jedi Master’s left stood a human man in the same robes as his counterpart. He was older than Luke was, even now, with white hair and a beard. Rey didn’t recognise the man, but something in her stirred at the sight of him. It was as if she knew him, without having ever met him. The one that stood out the most, however, was the young man to Yoda’s right. He was tall, lean, and decidedly handsome. With shoulder-length dark hair, piercing blue eyes and scar through his right eyebrow, Rey couldn’t help but draw comparisons to the man whose hand she still held. Anakin Skywalker. Kylo’s grandfather spotted them the moment Luke turned away. He grinned at them, calling to them with a jerk of his head. Kylo glanced at Rey, a question in his eyes. She nodded and he set off in the ghosts’ direction. As they neared, Rey shook Kylo’s grip away. He barely noticed once he stopped in front of his grandfather. Kylo glanced briefly over the Jedi Master and his companion before settling his gaze on Anakin. His countenance was neither awe-filled, nor afraid. Rather it was anxious. Rey read in his mind that he was waiting for Anakin to approve of her. His grandfather grinned and gave a slight nod, before turning to her. “How wonderful it is to finally meet you, Rey.” Anakin smiled. “I hope my grandson hasn’t been giving you too much trouble.” Kylo snorted beside her, but Rey smiled warmly. “Kylo has been quite welcoming to me.” Anakin beamed, but not before Rey could catch the slight roll of his eyes. “I am glad to hear it. I assume Ben has told you about our little conversation?” Ben. It had been so long since Rey had heard that name aloud. Ben, she tested it in her head and found its sound far more pleasing than Kylo. He had once threatened, however emptily, to kill her if she ever called him that. It seemed his grandfather had no restriction; perhaps that name would be coming out once or twice. “Yes,” She replied, glancing at Kylo to find him glowering at Anakin before continuing, “And I must say you gave him some wonderful advice.” Kylo choked. Rey couldn’t help but giggle, though she wondered what his problem was. His grandfather’s advice was reasonable, if not commendable, and he knew it. “You seem confused, Rey. Perhaps you’ll let me elaborate.” Anakin quirked an eyebrow at his grandson, whose glare intensified. What was he hiding? “You see, my grandson has not told you all of what I said to him.” Rey cast a glance at her companion, anger bubbling to the surface. But before the cutting words could escape, Anakin continued, “I did of course tell him that this path is not the right one. I told him that turning to the dark side was the greatest mistake of my life. And that you, dear Rey, shall be his salvation.” What? Rey gaped at him. He couldn’t be saying… Could he? Of course! Now it all made sense. Why he was teaching her, promising things Snoke would kill him for, giving her everything she needed. Some cynical part of her mused that he took his grandfather’s words too literally, and was using her as a path to redemption. But her heart was somersaulting in her chest, her mind spinning. And when she beheld Kylo, the pain in his eyes, the confession… She saw a truth that took her breath away. Kylo appeared very interested in his hands when Rey approached. He didn’t look at her, not even as she said, “Is this true?” He shrugged. Something in Rey growled at that. Why couldn’t he ever just be straightforward with her? “Kylo,” Nothing. Harsher, she pushed, “Ben Solo, is this true?” The rage in Kylo’s eyes sparked. He really hated that name. “Does it matter?” He spat and walked away. No. Not again. She stormed after him. You’re not getting away from me this time. “Why do you always do that?” She yelled when they were halfway into the forest. Darkness enveloped them, just as the darkness swelled in her mind. His or hers… She couldn’t tell anymore. Kylo stopped, forcing Rey to skid to a halt behind him. He glared over his shoulder and growled, “Do what?” “We get so close, so close to being something other than enemies, or friends, or whatever this is,” She gestured between them, feeling the anger turn to agony, closing up her throat. “And then you push me away. Every time. “What is it? Are you afraid of feeling the light? Of coming home to the family that loves you.” Kylo opened his mouth to reply, but she interrupted, “That’s right, loves you. They don’t hate you, they don’t want you dead. They want you back .” Her voice rose to a crescendo as she fought to get the last words out, “Or are you so afraid of someone caring about you because you don’t feel like you deserve it?” Something stirred in him. Yes, anything but this awful silence. “You think that’s what I’m afraid of?” His voice was low, dangerous. “I do not fear the light. I do not fear my family. And I do not fear someone caring about me, though I think they are insane for doing so.” Lies. Lies. Lies. Tears pricked in her eyes as he whirled, advancing on her, “I do not fear those things. I do not fear the nightmares that wake me in the middle of the night. I do not even fear Snoke. Not anymore. "What I fear, Rey, is you.” “Me?” She choked back on the tears threatening to spill. She would not look weak. “How can you be afraid of me? It’s not possible –” The words were consumed by his lips colliding with hers. She barely registered the sudden touch, the sudden caress of his mouth against hers, hard and unyielding. But when the kiss deepened, begging her to kiss him back, her world exploded into starlight. Kylo pulled back slightly, panting for air. “That’s why.” He whispered. Rey grasped onto him, her nails digging into his shoulders. “Do that again.” He smirked and kissed her again. Her body reacted in ways she never knew it could. Heat seared through her veins, pooling below her stomach. Opening her mouth to him, Rey gasped as his hands moved to her waist, fingers playing with the edge of her tunic. So many unanswered questions, so many lies and deceits, so many painful memories: none of them mattered when he was touching her. No part of her was begging her to stop, as it should. No part of her was telling her this was wrong. How could it be, when nothing had ever felt so right? She had never needed anything more. And it was only when his hands travelled lower, grazing her thighs, that she realised it wasn’t enough. She still needed… Her fingers tangled in his hair and she moaned a little as their tongues tentatively met. No, she was doing it wrong. She’d never done this before; how could she think she was doing it flawlessly? But even as the thought coursed through her head, Kylo gripped her tighter, kissing her harder. Kissing her like she was air and he was the one drowning in that lake. It went on for what felt like hours. Her lungs burned and her knees started to buckle, but she never wanted it to end. She would give up the galaxy to stay in his arms. When he finally let go, Rey’s heart contracted at the loss, her lips searching for his. But he laid his forehead against hers, his warm breath tickling her cheeks. “Rey,” He breathed. Oh, she loved the sound of her name on his lips. “There’s something we should talk about.” “Shh.” She whispered back, trailing a finger across his bee-stung lips. How beautiful they were. What incredible things they could do. For a moment, she wondered what incredible things he could do with his tongue. “Not now.” The last thing she wanted was for words to ruin this perfect moment. And perhaps that moment was a mistake. And perhaps when they woke up, it would be forgotten. For now, though, it was enough. ** Anakin Skywalker smirked, ignoring the whispers of his old master and Yoda behind him. He didn’t care that it was ‘weird’ to be spying on his grandson’s first kiss. It was all he’d ever wanted for the boy. “You know, Anakin, there’s a reason I didn’t spy on you and Padmé.” Obi-Wan said from behind him, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “It’s called invasion of privacy.” Anakin chuckled, turning back to his old master. Obi-Wan had changed into his younger ghost form since Ben and Rey had left. Now he was the Obi-Wan Anakin remembered most. If only that final memory hadn’t been the moment they’d lost each other. “Oh, come on, Obi-Wan. Aren’t you at least a little curious about your granddaughter’s love life?” Anakin quirked an eyebrow. Obi-Wan smiled. “She deserves this. After all she’s been through… She deserves to have someone who loves her as much as he does.” Anakin placed a hand on his former master’s shoulder. Obi-Wan had always watched over Rey, from the moment she was born. And to watch his granddaughter abandoned, abused, close to starvation… It was more than the Jedi Master could bear. Obi-Wan had never told his apprentice who the girl’s parents were. The Jedi Code had always been something he deeply respected, and to have broken it, Anakin imagined the woman had been quite something. The reason for his silence, Anakin wasn’t sure; he doubted Obi-Wan was ashamed of having children of his own – in fact, the Jedi Master was far too compassionate for his kindness to go to waste on anyone but children. Instead, he suspected Obi-Wan barely knew himself, perhaps having only found out when he was far too old to form a relationship with them. Anakin couldn’t blame his former master for wanting the best for his only living relative. But he said, “You’ll never get to know her if you don’t speak to her.” “I will speak to her.” Obi-Wan replied quickly, then sighed, “When the time is right. At this moment, she needs to believe that she has no family. I must only guide her when she needs it, and I fear she will need it very soon.” He raised his eyes to the sky as if he could see the future in the stars. “Besides, when she saw me, I know she felt the connection.” Anakin nodded, knowing the feeling all too well. From the first moment he saw Luke and Leia, there had been no doubt they shared blood. He turned back to the couple, now no longer wrapped in each other’s kisses. Watching them, he realised why he had been so desperate to push them together. Not only did he want Ben to not make the mistakes he made so long ago, Rey resembled Padmé in her look, air and spirit. A perfect match. Notes: I really hope this chapter was worth the wait! Let me know what you guys thought (especially about the kiss as I've never written a kiss scene before)! Chapter 15 : Moonage Daydream Summary: The aftermath of the dream. Let the awkwardness ensue... Notes: I am so, so, so sorry for the long wait! I cannot apologise enough; it's been nearly a month, what with Christmas and my mock exams, so I hope this chapter's worth the wait. Thank you so much for your patience, and also your support, as always. It means so much to me that you are all still here after so long! I love you all, my wonderful readers! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The roar of engines woke Finn from his fitful night’s sleep. It had been almost three days since the Guavian Death Gang arrived, along with their armada of First Order vessels. And it had been the most hellish three days of Finn’s life. He couldn’t sleep, whether from fear or the hunger plaguing his belly. The food stocks were slowly running out, since the Resistance kept only enough to last a week, and no matter how much his stomach rumbled, Finn couldn’t eat a scrap that would do more good in the mouth of a child. Sometimes, when he actually managed to sleep, Finn dreamed of those vessels turning and firing at the base. Explosions of singed metal, blood running down the window panes – those images were nothing compared to the horror when he glanced himself in that glass. He was not Finn anymore. He was FN-2187. It was enough to shake him awake. But sometimes it was worse; sometimes he’d see Rey, in dark robes, electric gold eyes sparking beside the red lightsaber in her hand, that monster’s fingers gripping her shoulder. She would grin at him, twirling her saber, before swinging down. Only it wouldn’t hit him. It would hit the pilot at his side. And Poe’s head would go rolling across the tarmac. Then Finn would wake up screaming. Only to find Poe’s hands gripping his shoulders, begging him to stop, perfectly safe. Perfectly alive. Poe was now leaning against his shoulder, heavy breaths shuddering through him as he slept. Finn still didn’t have his own quarters at the base, so he spent his nights sleeping in the armchair in Poe’s rooms. But since the nightmares started, Poe slept beside him on the sofa after Finn refused to get in the bed, not wanting things to get any more awkward after their encounter with Bala-Tik. He nudged an elbow into Poe’s side, hard enough to jerk him awake, reaching for the blaster under the sofa. When the bleary-eyed pilot realised there was no danger, Finn received the look of death. It was difficult enough for Poe to sleep too, what with him sacrificing almost all his rations to Finn. He tried to refuse, but the pilot would have none of it, saving only a few scraps for himself. “Sorry,” Finn winced as Poe snorted. “But listen.” Poe raised an eyebrow in question, but inclined his head upwards anyway. They both strained to hear the rumble far above, but there was no mistaking it: First Order transporter engines. They were both up in an instant. Finn tugged on his jacket, Poe grabbing the blaster and attaching it to his waist. Finn grabbed his own as they hurried out of the room, Poe already calling to the general on his comm link. Poe’s quarters were a level below the general’s, part of the pilot’s sector – less luxurious and with no windows, but Poe seemed to like it. If Finn got his way, he would end up with one like Rey’s – large, out-of-the-way and with plenty of windows. Leia burst through her own door the moment they came upon her quarters. Her hair was dishevelled and Finn could have sworn he smelled whiskey on her. Even if he were brave enough to mention it, the general scowled at him so fiercely that his lips clamped shut. Their little crusade was joined by Luke, his lightsaber clutched so hard in his metal hand Finn thought it would snap, and BB-8, the droid beeping frantically as it rolled beside Poe. “Yes, I know, buddy. I hear it too.” Poe quipped to the droid, who beeped again. “What’s going on?” Major Ematt called from down the hallway. He had emerged from one of the control rooms, sleep tugging at his worn eyes. “We don’t know, major.” Poe replied, pausing in front of the old man. Leia stormed past them both, Luke close behind. Apparently, she knew exactly what was going on. Finn couldn’t resist the urge to scurry after them. Tugging on Poe’s arm, he dragged the pilot after the twins. It took longer than Finn wanted to reach the surface, and by that time, any hunger or weariness left in his body had been completely depleted by fear. If there were more First Order ships… Maker help them. But when he emerged onto the landing strip, the chill night wind whipping across his face, Finn realised it wasn’t fear he should be feeling. It was hope. Because the First Order ships were leaving. ** Kylo Ren flipped the auto-pilot switch in his command shuttle and settled back in the seat. It felt like forever since he held control over anything in his life. To be able to fly again, when he chose where to go, what route to take – it was refreshing to his aching mind. He had woken halfway through the night, The Finalizer quiet and still, completely deaf to the thundering in his heart. Even now he could still feel her fingers tangled in his hair, her soft lips pressed hard against his. It had felt so real, yet when he woke, he realised nothing so good could ever be real. Rey had been lying on the sofa, smiling contentedly in her sleep. Or could it be real? Could he call this amazing woman his, could he find out what those lips tasted like without the dream barrier? No. Not until he told her about D’Qar. Kylo had tried after their kiss, and maybe it made him selfish, but when she stopped him, he didn’t push. If only to stay in her arms a little longer. As he watched the galaxy pass by, Kylo figured it might not matter much longer. His unsanctioned departure from The Finalizer had set off every alarm in the Order, especially with the Resistance darling in tow. There was no doubt that every First Order base, every ship in the air was on high alert, searching for him already. If he was lucky, the ships surrounding D’Qar would have taken off by now. Kylo breathed a sigh of relief as he realised that’s exactly what they would have done. The blockade would go down from over a thousand transporters to a meagre couple hundred. An easy amount to take down with their ground forces. In any other circumstance, Kylo would have cursed himself for caring about the enemy. But even he knew that starvation was a cruel, inhumane way to die. And he doubted Rey would have been best pleased to finally return only to find her friends’ emaciated corpses. Kylo glanced over his shoulder at the small figure sleeping on a little pull-out bed in the back of his shuttle. He had carried her gently onto his shuttle, avoiding every passing Stormtrooper, regardless of how they’d know when he left. He had almost left her staff behind, putting himself in further danger by going back for it. Though he thought he’d be in the most danger if Rey woke up without it by her side. He wasn’t sure what had prompted him to take her away from The Finalizer . A part of him shivered at the thought of seeing the emptiness in her eyes when the nightmares came back. Taking her away from that cold, metallic boat might bring some of that life back. Another part, however, the selfish part, knew it was because he wanted time with her away from training. A sudden clash, followed by a squeal echoed through the shuttle. Kylo didn’t jump up, or even look round as Rey collected herself. Instead he chuckled, the amusement only growing with Rey’s muttered string of curses as she snatched her staff from the ground. Her footsteps grew nearer and nearer until she was finally stood behind him, leaning almost too casually against the co-pilot seat. He glanced up at her, that beautiful face gazing back. She smiled slightly, though her fingers dug heavily into the seat. Clearing his throat, Kylo turned back to the panel, flipping it back to manual control. Let’s not make this more awkward . The bond wasn’t open. But it wasn’t closed either. It seemed they had found a delicate equilibrium; one where they could keep their thoughts to themselves, but always reach out to one another if needed. Kylo decided he liked it that way. “Where are we going?” Rey said carefully from behind him. Not ‘why did you bring me here?’ Not ‘what do you think you’re doing, taking me off Maker-knows where?’ A simple question. “I thought you could do with a few days off.” He replied, before adding quietly, “We both could.” Kylo tried not to notice how she bit her lip at that, how her cheeks flared red. Or how it made his own insides heat up. Taking a shaking breath, Kylo asked, “How would you like to visit Coruscant?” ** Coruscant was enormous. Rey sat in the co-pilot seat, completely in awe of the sight before her. Coruscant was larger than any planet Rey had seen, and she hadn’t quite believed everyone when they said it was an entire city. Yet there it was: skyscrapers reaching into the clouds, sparkling from the blazing sunlight; neon signs glowing from beneath the gloom of the underworld; and there, just away from the cityscape, stood the Jedi Temple. Rey felt the power there, the legacy calling to her, like a voice on the wind. Beside her, Kylo felt it too as his eyes were fixed on the grand building. She remembered the stories Luke told her of his father, stories he had learned from an elusive hermit he refused to name. He’d said Anakin Skywalker had been a frequent visitor of the temple, until he had slaughtered the younglings who resided there. Having met the former Sith lord, Rey knew that Anakin regretted his actions, that one probably the most. And she knew, deep down, that Kylo resented his grandfather for that. Shaking the thought away, Rey turned her attention away from the temple, focusing instead upon the landing pad Kylo was gliding the shuttle onto. They touched down with a slight jolt that had Kylo wincing. He shot her an apologetic glance before looking away. Rey sighed through her nose. So, this was how it was going to be . When she’d woken, she’d had no doubt conversation would be awkward. Their moment seemed a galaxy and several lifetimes away, with the fuzzy dreaminess gone. But it was real. What they’d done, what they’d felt was real . And it wasn’t something they could ignore forever. It was all so new to her, and if she let it strike her fully for a second, it terrified her too. But there was no point in denying it any longer, or making excuses. It was clear they both knew what they wanted, and getting it wasn’t a problem. Keeping it would be the hard part. If she pushed him, she knew she’d regret it. So, as Kylo slid on his infernal mask and pulled up his cowl, Rey did nothing but clench her staff tighter and follow him off the ship. The attendants who had rushed out to greet them skidded to a halt, their eyes widening, before bowing their heads as they stalked past. Deep in her gut, Rey took pleasure in seeing them submissive before her. She raised her chin and squared her shoulders, skin tingling as the power radiated off her. Kylo glanced back at her, and she could have sworn he was smirking behind the mask. They reached the doors at the end of the walkway. Unable to resist, Rey flicked her wrist and they swung open. She grinned; it felt so good to exert her power without something threatening her. When they entered the towering building, Rey realised they were in a luxury hotel. While the entire wall they passed through was covered in windows, the lobby’s interior was more traditional, with heavy drapes, a lush carpet and an ornate tapestry hanging behind the front desk. The alien sat at the computer didn’t look up as Kylo strode over. Her skin was emerald green, accented by blue speckles. Rey had seen her kind before on Jakku, though much less clean and far more friendly. When she finally did take notice, she didn’t cower away from the mask, her opal eyes instead boring into Kylo. A grin split her face, rows of serrated teeth snapping together. “What can I do for you?” “Don’t play that game with me, Axane. You know what I’m here for.” Kylo growled, the sound cutting through Rey. “Hmm.” Axane tapped a long fingernail on her lips, her eyes dragging over Rey as if she were sizing up a meal. Long years on Jakku had taught Rey how to look intimidating. Normally, it had little effect, like a mouse trying to stare down a lion. But something must have worked, because Axane’s eyes narrowed and she returned to her screen. “I have a reservation here for you, sir. The honeymoon suite should be ready by now.” What? Rey choked. Had he assumed…? Just because of the dream? It wasn’t that she didn’t want… whatever it was she wanted, but he couldn’t have just assumed he would be getting such things from her immediately. But Kylo seemed just as confused as she did. Wrathful, even, because he snarled, “I specifically asked for a twin room, with two beds.” Axane had the good sense to look anxious, her eyes blowing wide enough that Rey could see her reflection in them. “I’m sorry, sir, there must have been a mistake. But I’m afraid all our twin rooms are occupied. Unless you want me to move you to the lower floors…” “No.” The word was cold, emotionless; the mask at work again. “We’ll make do.” Axane nodded and handed over the key card. Kylo waved her away, and she instead passed it to Rey. “The suite’s to your right, the last one in the corridor.” “Thank you.” She said quietly, before moving off in that direction while Kylo paid the bill. The hallway was much like the lobby. Red velvet walls surrounded her as her boots sunk into the similarly coloured carpet. They cocooned her in warmth, and when she reached out to stroke a finger across the material, it was soft to the touch. This was certainly a place someone would come on their honeymoon. She passed mahogany tables adorned with baroque glass vases, the flowers in them freshly watered. Every few doors a painting hung on the wall, often of scenes in Coruscant, but some of other planets. One caught her eye: the palace on Naboo. There seemed to be a celebration taking place, with banners hanging from every window. “It’s the celebration after the Battle of Endor.” A voice whispered in her ear. Its deep tone made a foreign feeling shudder through her. She wanted to lean into that voice, feel its lips on her neck. Instead she turned. Kylo, the mask finally off, had a smirk playing on his mouth. Any other member of the First Order would scorn the painting. But Rey remembered the memories she’d seen in his head of Naboo. When Leia used to take him there and buy him sweets. Sweets! An idea bloomed in Rey’s mind. She grinned at Kylo, shoving the key card into his hand. “I’ll be back soon.” He raised an eyebrow at her, confused and… worried. He didn’t want her going off alone. But he said nothing, nodding stiffly and continuing down the hallway. Rey watched him go, his shoulders tensing and relaxing. She imagined it was hard for any man to let a woman wander off alone in an unfamiliar place, especially so for Kylo when he no doubt worried she’d leave him. But it warmed her heart that he would never try to stop her. When he turned the corner, Rey padded off in the other direction, again entering the lobby. Axane eyed her for a moment before turning back to her screen. She glanced around, searching for any signs that might lead her, but came up short. She really didn’t want to ask Axane. There was something in Rey’s heart that said not to trust the alien. So, she kept looking, and finally decided the stairs leading downwards were her best bet. Down, down, down they went. The polished stone steps eventually became jagged, chunks missing here and there. Scents like sweat, alcohol and smoke floated up to greet her. And when she finally emerged into an open space, a lobby much less dignified than the one upstairs, she discovered why Kylo stayed in the top levels. Women of all race and size draped themselves across repugnant men ogling them like they were slabs of meat. As she passed through the crowds, gripping her staff that much harder, some of the women even approached Rey. Their eyes raked over her body, their tongues lapping out like dogs. When one of them ran an elegant talon along her shoulder, Rey whirled, her hand instinctively lashing out and sending the alien woman flying into the opposite wall. The lobby went quiet. The silence was crushing, as every pair of eyes bore into her. No fear , she chanted to herself, no fear, no fear . So, while her heart tried to hammer its way out of her chest, Rey raised herself up and said haughtily, “Anyone else?” The musical chatter resumed in the lobby. Rey whistled a sigh of relief; apparently, she’d established herself as top of the hierarchy. She turned and scurried towards the hallway marked ‘Hotel Shop.’ Inside, the mood was much calmer. In fact, the only noise was the steady thrum of the fans overhead and the muttering of the attendant, who barely noticed her come in. She had little money, only what Poe had let her borrow on their trip to Naboo. The prospect of shopping in such a beautiful city was both exciting and frightening. Rey had only ever traded, never bought. She didn’t even know what she would buy; clothes and jewellery she would never wear? It seemed only right to spend it on something far more valuable. Perusing the various aisles, Rey found objects of all sorts: glass globes entombing the Jedi Temple, various holobooks, chiselled replicas of kyber crystals hanging from black chains. Eventually she found it. A little bag of sugary blue sweets sat on the shelves beside hundreds of others, all containing some form of confectionary. But none of them caught her eye as much as the blue ones, and none would mean more. Smiling to herself, Rey plucked the bag from its spot and paid the attendant, who muttered a few words before turning back to his magazine. She made a quick job of getting back to the top level, where Axane was still sat at her desk. Again, the alien eyed her as she passed, but said nothing. Rey shook off the feeling that Axane still watched her as she moved down the hallway, and finally reached the honeymoon suite. Hesitating, she tucked the bag into her satchel and knocked on the door. It took only a moment for it to swing open, and for a head of raven hair to peer around the doorframe. “Where did you go?” “Oh nowhere.” She said, waving him off as she stepped inside. The room was enormous. Floor-to-ceiling windows adorned one wall, opening out onto balconies kissed by sunlight. Through an open sliding door, not five feet from them, stood a four-poster bed with silken sheets, not unlike the ones on Kylo’s bed, and heavy drapes drawn back from the edges. A refresher sat off to the side, which – from Rey’s restricted view – seemed to contain a claw-foot bathtub. The rest of the chambers contained a sitting room, with two sofas large enough to seat three people and a chaise. Kylo had already thrown his mask and cowl on the bed, so she muttered, “I guess I’ll take the chaise then.” Kylo looked at her in horror. “Absolutely not. You’ll take the bed.” She gestured to his things. “It seems you’ve already claimed it.” “Don’t be ridiculous.” He shook his head, striding to the bed. He scooped up his things, instead dumping them on the sofa. “I’ll sleep over here.” Rey didn’t notice the canine sunk into her lip before the metallic tang on blood hit her tongue. It was sweet of him to offer her the bed, but he would not be comfortable with his long legs hung over the end of the couch. And she would not be comfortable in such a large bed. Alone. She took a deep breath, steeling herself before saying, “Why don’t we sleep in it together?” Crimson flushed on Kylo’s cheeks. He had to clear his throat several times before he managed, “I don’t think that’s a good idea.” If Rey hadn’t known what he meant, she might have been hurt. Truthfully, though, she knew if they slept in the same bed, they might have trouble staying on their respective sides of it. Since the dream, things may have gotten awkward between them, but it had turned the tables entirely. They were no longer enemies, far from mere friends, and the master-apprentice perspective was out of the window. She had no idea what they were, only that she wanted to find out. “It’ll be fine.” She wrung her hands out, trying to convince herself more than him. “It’s big enough to stay on one side. And we could both do with a proper night’s sleep.” Kylo considered for a moment. The energy of their bond was flaring hot, sparking around with their indecisions and desires. But then Kylo nodded, clamping his lips shut on whatever reply he had brewing. “Okay.” Rey breathed a sigh of relief. Every day they were conquering new challenges, slowly getting to where they needed to be. That is, if she discounted the dream. “Well, we have almost all day before that. What do you want to do?” ** They ended up staying the whole day in the suite, ordering room service and watching the city go by. They had played silly games, making up stories about passers-by, each one ending with her in fits of giggles. When her laughter subsided, she would find his eyes trained on her, warmth and something Rey didn’t recognise in his eyes. He would clear his throat and look away, heat building on his cheeks. Kylo told her about his adventures on Coruscant; how one time he’d gotten stuck acting as a magician’s apprentice for three hours while his mother dealt with idiotic diplomats. The story, while his eyes had filled with sadness, made him chuckle. Rey loved that sound. It was a deep, throaty noise that went right through her. Nothing had ever sounded happier than when he laughed, and it brought a smile to her face. She had even tried her first drop of champagne, and promptly spit it out, making Kylo roar with laughter again. Twilight came, the sun breathing the day’s last and slipping beneath the horizon. The wind picked up, howling through the streets, drowned out only by the raucous nightlife below. They retired inside, though Rey could have stayed on that balcony forever. Kylo perched himself on one of the sofas, a whiskey glass in his hand. It was his second that night, and Rey wondered at the irony of the similarity to Leia. She realised that whenever he gave her glimpses into his past, he stuck to his mother, never mentioning Han. She knew she’d have to give him time to tell all his stories, because he perhaps didn’t yet trust himself to tell them, but she wished he would make her laugh with tales of Han’s escapades. For now, though, Rey was satisfied enough. A soft knock came at the door. Grinning, Rey bounded over to it and swung it open. An elderly human woman with soft brown eyes smiled at Rey as they beheld each other. In her arms, she carried a tray adorned with iced buns and fresh fruit. Rey couldn’t help a glance back at Kylo when she registered the amounts of fruit on the tray. Plump, juicy red ones; watery ones that looked like they would melt in her mouth; ones she hadn’t tried before; and her favourites, the ones from Takodana. He’d done this for her. “I’ve never had to deliver this many meals to one room in one day before.” The woman laughed, handing over the tray. Rey chuckled, moving both her arms under the tray. She took a deep breath as the lush scents of the fruits worked their way up her nose. “We’re very hungry.” The woman eyed her, that soft gaze studying her from head to toe then across to Kylo on the sofa, who was doing his best not to watch. “ Oh! ” She laughed again, tossing Rey a suggestive wink. “I understand. I’ll get out of your way then.” Perplexed, Rey watched the old woman waddle off down the hallway. “What could she have meant by that, I wonder?” She muttered to herself, closing the door with a foot and returning to the sofas. Kylo snorted, taking another swig of his whiskey. “What?” She demanded. “You don’t know?” He sounded incredulous. Rey opened her mouth, only to close it again. Her eyes widened as understanding struck her. “You don’t think… That’s not what I…” Her cheeks flared with embarrassment as Kylo smirked at her. It didn’t help that his eyes occasionally roved lower than her face. He waved his hand at the adjacent couch. “Let others think what they want. It doesn’t matter if it’s true or not.” Rey huffed, sinking back in the chair, but she said, “I think that’s the most intelligent thing you’ve ever said.” Kylo’s hand stopped in mid-reach for a bun. Only for a second, but it was there. “Nonsense.” “No, you’re right, what am I thinking? Nothing you say or do is intelligent.” He fixed her with a glare, obsidian eyes searing through her. She couldn’t help but fidget under that intense gaze, only it wasn’t from fear this time. Instead he looked at her with lustful hunger. And it made parts of her squirm with need too. “You weren’t saying that last night.” He whispered into her mind. A gentle caress, like the way he might whisper into her ear as his hand roved down, down, down… “If I recall correctly, we weren’t saying much of anything last night.” She shot back. Even the voice in her head was breathless. “Oh, I’m sure I can make you say a lot of things.” He growled, the sound reverberating through her entire body. Didn’t he know the things it did to her? Unable to bite back on her reply, Rey purred back, “I might take you up on that offer.” Kylo sank back in his chair, scanning her with feline grace. If it weren’t for his blown pupils and the steady shaking of his fingers, she’d have thought he’d done this before. But truthfully, neither of them had. And it scared them both. Rey cleared her throat and looked away, trying desperately – and failing – to quiet the thundering in her heart. “I’m going to bed.” She whispered, rising and grabbing a piece of fruit on the way. Then she realised what she’d said. “To sleep. You can stay out here until I’m out.” She didn’t stay long enough for him to nod. Notes: I hope you guys enjoyed it! Let me know what you thought in the comments :) Now that I have more time on my hands, I hope to get chapter sixteen up in the usual two week interval. Chapter 16 : No More Sad Songs Summary: Kylo and Rey make up, yay! Notes: I cannot apologise enough for the long wait!!! I know it ended up being longer than I originally planned, and I won't make excuses, I'll only apologise. Thank you again for your patience, and all your wonderful support. I love you all! There is no copyright infringement intended with this work. It's just for fun. None of the characters or settings are my own. All rights go to Lucasfilm. All of my chapters are named after songs. Again, no copyright infringement intended. All rights go to the artists. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo hadn’t come to bed. Rey opened her eyes, expecting to find his heavy form deep in slumber. Instead, she ended up squinting in the bright morning sunlight that streamed through the window. It was warm on Coruscant. Spring was in full force on the city planet, a pleasant breeze wafting through the gossamer curtains. Rey lifted her face to it, enjoying it while it lasted. When she finally brought herself to get up and open the sliding door, Rey found the living area empty. The coffee table was still covered in last night’s food, the whiskey bottle empty. Had he stayed up all night drinking? What is it with Skywalkers and alcohol? Like the living room, the refresher and the balcony were both absent of him. The silent emptiness crushed in on her. She hadn’t been this alone for so long. Finn, or Luke, or someone was always close by. Even in the last few weeks, Kylo had always been there in the back of her mind. But he was gone from there too; the only reassurance the bond hadn’t snapped was the string of buzzing energy hanging between them. Still there; just not talking to her. This was going to be a long trip. ** Hours passed before Kylo returned. Rey was practically bouncing with energy, her entire body itching to get outside. But she didn’t know Coruscant, and even with her heightened intuition, she doubted it would take long before she was lost. She explored every inch of the suite, even going so far as to rummage in every cupboard for a hidden door. It was in her nature to explore, to discover every little treasure hidden in every little nook. Luke had once said it was in her soul to become a Jedi. But in her heart, she would always be a scavenger. It only took her until noon to have searched the place. She subsequently took two showers, ordered room service, had a long chat with the elderly service lady, and played around with Kylo’s lightsaber. She wondered why he’d left it behind, but she was glad he did because it felt so good in her hands. It was heavy, but agile; powerful, angry and scorching hot. But she even got bored of that eventually. It was five in the afternoon, the sun falling low on the horizon and dyeing the sky brilliant shades of burnt gold. Rey was curled up on the sofa, hands in front of her and brow furrowed as she glared at the empty whiskey bottle, willing the it to move. And it did. It rose several feet into the air, floating for a few seconds before dropping back to the table. Rey felt the power within her spark. She lifted it again, imagined it spinning in the air before gliding over to the bin by the entrance. But once it reached the same peak, the glass rippled and shattered. “What the…” Rey squeaked, dodging the falling shards. She’d had everything under control… Before she could dwell on it, the suite entrance slid open. She tried not to seem too eager, but she twisted so quickly that her neck cricked. Kylo didn’t notice. He barely looked her way as he stalked into the bedroom, a black package in his hands, and slid the folding door closed. Rey huffed, her fingers itching to flip an obscene gesture in his direction. She turned back to the bottle just as the shower started, and started gingerly picking up the glass. The bond was alive and snapping with energy now they were so close again. She could almost feel the water running down her own back, over the soft skin marred with… Shaking the thought away, Rey tried to concentrate on finding the well of power that stirred deep within herself. If she could feel its dormant fire in her veins, perhaps she could find a way to control it As she searched, images started flooding into her head. She barely payed attention; they were the usual ones that travelled down the bond. Rey was sure he didn’t care about what she saw anymore. He was much more open with her now. A result of their kiss or just their growing trust, she wasn’t sure, but she wasn’t about to complain. Just as she was going to tune him out, though, she saw herself. At their first meeting, defiance raging in her eyes. On Starkiller, the blue plasma of her lightsaber shining against her skin. There was something in her air that day, the strength that rumbled behind her soft features. It made his soul glow in awe. When she plunged over the balcony in Theed. She felt the fear that pulsed through him when the water filled her lungs. All their training sessions, how she looked at him with hatred, shifting as she found the spirit behind the iron walls, into understanding. Into desire. How she smiled at him in the dream; the soft caress of her lips against his. Rey had never felt this emotion before. The strength of it pulsing down the bond towards her, originating deep in his heart. It was so powerful it knocked the breath from her. She searched for a word to describe it. The only one that came to her… No, it was preposterous. She hadn’t known him – the real him – that long. And he didn’t know her. He didn’t know what Jakku had put her through; and not the starvation and the loneliness – what it had really put her through. Would he still feel this way if he knew? If he learned how broken she really was. He’s broken too. But did she know all either? No, you don’t, and yet you can’t deny what you feel in return. Her reverie was shattered by the opening of the sliding doors. Kylo emerged, fresh tunic and trousers crumpled against his body. His dark hair dripped onto his shoulders, framing his pale face like a halo. Rey’s heart quickened slightly at the sight, and her gaze roamed from his parted lips, across the hard planes of his chest, further down… When Kylo caught her stare, Rey flushed and looked away. Back to square one, she hissed to herself. “Where did you go today?” She asked, trying not to sound too curious. “You didn’t leave all day?” Rey said nothing. If she had been watching him, Rey was certain she would have seen him roll his eyes. “I needed to clear my head.” He sank onto the adjacent sofa. It took him a few moments before he said, “I didn’t expect you to stay here.” “I like it here.” She replied curtly. Then she sighed; while that was true, she wanted nothing more than to see the rest of Coruscant. “I can’t go out there alone. I wouldn’t know my way back.” Kylo chuckled. “You’re a powerful Force-user and you’re scared of getting lost?” Rey glared at him, and his laugh faded. Of course, she was afraid of getting lost. Losing what she knows was the surest way to lose herself. And then she may never find the home she’d always searched for. “We can go exploring tomorrow.” Silence hung heavy in the air between them. Neither wanted to broach the subject of the awkward night before, but when she attempted to find another, Rey was stumped. That is, until Kylo pulled out the black package he’d been carrying earlier. It was overly large, but Rey could guess it would be too heavy to carry all day. “I got you this.” Was all he said as the package found its way onto her lap. Rey couldn’t help the twitch of her eyebrow. No-one had ever gotten her a present before. She had no idea what to expect; it was too big to be jewellery, he knew better than to get her new clothes, and she couldn’t imagine shops in Coruscant selling boxes of fruit. For all she knew, it would be a model Star Destroyer. But as she ripped open the black covering, she found the last thing she expected. An enormous smile spread across her face as she pulled the box out. It said one word on the box: Dejarik. Kylo leant forward, bracing his elbows on his knees. Rey had to glance between him and the box a few times before she realised it wasn’t a joke. “I know you’ve never played it before. I thought I might teach you.” “Always with the teacher thing.” She snorted, but she couldn’t keep the grin from her face. He smiled. One of his rare, genuine smiles. Rey wished she could capture that image and keep it forever. “Thank you.” She whispered, placing a hand on his arm. He placed his other hand over hers, gently grasping the fingers and twining them with his own. It lasted only a moment before she pulled away, an epiphany striking. “Hang on.” She jumped up from the sofa, almost catching her knee on the coffee table, before rushing into the bedroom where her satchel lay on the bed. She grabbed it, rummaging through it. She’s hesitated to give her own gift to him last night. Now, it was only fair he received something in return. Rey, the sweets concealed behind her, skidded to a halt in front of him. He looked up at her, his opal eyes sparkling. Rey knew she was grinning like an idiot, her teeth clamped into her bottom lip. “What is it?” He asked calmly, though he beheld her as if she’d gone insane. “You’re not the only one with a present.” She thrust the bag out to him. Her heart thundered as his gaze fixed on the bag. She hoped he would see a generous offering, and not an impertinence on his privacy. As his fingers clasped around the bag, however, Rey’s worries melted away. “I haven’t seen these in years.” He said quietly. “They’re your favourites, aren’t they?” Rey folded her legs beneath her as she returned to her sofa. He nodded, staring at the bag as if it were alien to him. In a way, she supposed it was. They came from a life that wasn’t his anymore; a life he was only just learning how to live again. “Come on, open them. I want to see what’s so special about these blue sweets.” She urged, as she pulled the clear wrapping from the Dejarik box. It took her only a few seconds to have the board on the table, the holograms flickering above, and the instructions crumpled in her lap. She had seen a Dejarik board before, frequently as Chewie played on the Falcon . Many a time she’d wanted to play it with him, having no doubt the Wookiee was an expert in the game. Rey smiled to herself as she realised Chewie would have taught Kylo when he was young. Kylo ripped the bag open and spilled a few into his hand, the inner child coming out. The sweets were only small, but as he rolled them in his palm, the blue sugar stained his skin. He threw a few in his mouth, a satisfied groan rumbling from his throat. Rey giggled, flicking her eyes between him and the instructions as he tossed sweet after sweet back. “You’re going to make yourself sick if you eat them all.” She quipped. Kylo snorted. “You sound like my mother.” Rey grinned. “What a compliment, Master Ren ” He arched an eyebrow. “You’d do the same if you tasted these.” He mumbled around another mouthful. “Try me.” Rey leant forward, hand outstretched. Kylo had other ideas. He set the bag down beside him, a few still waiting in his palm. With his other hand, he willed the sweets upwards, levitating them in circles. Rey drummed her fingers against the sofa, growing so impatient she almost snatched them out of the air. But then he looked at her, the sweets slowly moving her way, and said, “Open your mouth.” She gave him a sceptical look, but obliged. The sweets floated into her mouth, landing softly on her tongue. The moment they did, a burst of flavour exploded in her mouth. They were sweet and sour, tasting like hot stars and a waterfall of sugar. Delicious. She couldn’t help the groan that escaped her own lips, loud enough for Kylo to smirk. “Didn’t I tell you?” She swallowed, the taste still lingering on her tongue. “Alright, alright.” He chuckled, and Force pulled the coffee table – and in turn her sofa – closer to him. That power… It cost him nothing. Strong enough to tear apart a human mind, but never wild. Rey wasn’t about to bring it up. It would only worry him; if Snoke knew – she didn’t want to think about what he would make her do. So, instead, she threw the instructions at his head. “I hate you.” He caught them with ease, the smirk never faltering. “Only as much as I hate you.” Rey rolled her eyes. “Are we going to play or not?” Kylo screwed the instructions up and tossed them in the box. “We don’t need those.” He leant forward, and began explaining the rules of the game. It was simple enough; the computer would randomly choose four of the strange pieces each, and they would proceed to destroy each other’s pieces. It seemed like a game of luck, except that Kylo was considerably more experienced in both the game itself and in strategic combat. When the pieces appeared on her side of the board, however, Rey liked her odds. They both ended up with one piece from each category, which meant she at least had a chance. Kylo made his first move. His Houjix moved a place closer to the centre, trying to draw her in. He did the same with his Ng’ok, on the other side of the board. But Rey didn’t fall for it. Instead, she moved her Monnok around the orbit and attacked his Savrip. Kylo chuckled. “Bad move.” She looked at him in surprise. She’d thought it was a good move. That is, until she saw the holographic battle taking place before her. The two pieces were equally matched, hitting each other like the brutish animals they were. But his Savrip had a higher defence than her Monnok, she remembered as the creature flattened the other. Her piece disappeared from the board. Already at an advantage, Kylo knocked back a few more sweets before taking his next move. The rest of the game went by in much the same way. Rey made what she thought was a clever move, only for Kylo to defeat her again. When her final piece was cleared off the board, Rey collapsed back onto the sofa, biting back the curses stinging her tongue. “Not used to losing, are you?” She glared at him. “You were supposed to be teaching me, not kicking my arse!” But it was true. Every time she played a game with anyone, or even just challenged Finn to an eating contest, she always won. “Consider it payback.” He quipped, his mouth pulling up at the corner. Rey was on the verge of throwing a pillow at him, until he muttered, “It’s not my fault I was trained by an expert.” With the words, his eyes lost a little of their light. Chewie . Rey had to swallow the lump in her throat before she replied, “Chewie taught you.” Kylo nodded “And he wasn’t a fair player.” “Han said he would rip out people’s arms for beating him.” She chuckled, though the memory brought tears to her eyes. A pulse of pain reverberated down the bond. Every time she mentioned his name, it tore a new hole in Kylo’s sanity. Even now, she could feel that guilt ripping away at him. “I’ve seen him do that. It’s not pretty.” “And what did you get for beating him?” She leant forward; any information about his childhood was precious, and she would store it somewhere safe, secret, like all the other treasures she’d discovered. “It looks like all your limbs are intact.” Kylo huffed a laugh, gazing far into the distance, as if his past were calling to him. Let it in, her mental voice urged. “I never beat him.” “Not once?” She asked, reaching for more sweets. “It wasn’t until after…” He glanced at her, the message conveying clear enough without words. “I didn’t get good until I started playing Hux.” Rey almost choked, the sweets going sour in her mouth. “You played with Hux ?” Kylo waved off the question, and started resetting the board. “It doesn’t matter.” But she wouldn’t let it go. “Tell me.” “No.” The words were harsher than he intended, because he waved her off again. “It’s not important…” Rey grabbed the hand frantically pressing the buttons on the Dejarik board. The skin was smooth, despite the calluses that peppered his fingers, and burning hot under her touch. His eyes rose to hers, his pupils blowing wide. Before she thought twice and made the whole situation awkward again, she reached out and touched his face. “I thought Hux was the one who gave you the scars on your back.” Kylo caught her fingers on his cheek and tangled them with his own. “Hux is a pain in the arse, but he isn’t that brutal. My knights gave me these scars, when I was training.” “I’m not surprised you killed that one on Naboo.” Kylo gave her a hard look. “He was going to kill you. I… I couldn’t let that happen.” It was the first acknowledgement of wanting her for more than to please Snoke. She stroked her fingers down his scar, admiring the strength, the bravery it took for him to admit that. So many wounds… That was it. Enough was enough. She could feel the memories slicing through him, could almost hear the skin sizzling under a lightsaber’s touch. And yet he shared them with her; because if anyone could understand him, it was her. It was her turn. Rey turned, sitting on the edge of the coffee table. She shrugged off her vest, and began pulling off her tunic. Sounds of protest came from behind her, but she shushed him, tugging the material over her head and holding it over her breasts. She understood what she was revealing, knew she was opening her most vulnerable wounds to him. To the first person in a long time. And she was glad it was Kylo who got to see them. She heard him move behind her. Closer, closer, closer… Until his fingers collided with her bare skin. Rey sucked in a breath as those fingers roamed across the puckered skin, not at all repulsed by her thick scars. “Who did this to you?” Kylo growled. “Unkar Plutt and his cronies.” She said quietly. Kylo drew nearer, close enough for her to feel his breath caressing her skin. “Why?” His voice was dangerously low. “I was ten years old.” She began, already having to swallow back the tears. “I hadn’t scavenged anything for weeks, because a new gang had taken over my usual haunts. It wasn’t wise on Jakku to get in anyone’s way. “But it meant I hadn’t eaten for weeks as well. I was starving, bordering on emaciated. So, I figured I could trade the things I’d kept; I knew the simulation chips I’d found would at least get me enough to eat for a couple of months.” Kylo’s hands tensed on her. She hadn’t told him about the simulation chips before; about the machine she’d found and practiced flying on. They meant the world to her, just like everything else. “You were ten years old?” The growl was positively deadly now. She nodded stiffly, and he stayed quiet as she continued, “When I got into town, I found Unkar’s station empty. The back door was open, and no-one was around. I would have done anything not to sell those chips.” The tears started falling, running hot down her cheeks. “I went into the booth, thinking nobody could see me. The rations were right in front of me. I even managed to pocket a few before this enormous hand grabbed my shoulder so hard it cracked. It turns out Unkar Plutt’s henchmen had seen me break in. The old bastard turned up a few moments later and had them haul me up in front of everyone. I didn’t know what they were going to do – I was so scared.” Her voice wobbled, but she swallowed it down. “They stripped off my clothes, and one of them brought out a whip…” Kylo snarled under his breath. “They got in seven lashes before I passed out. And I woke up in the sand, my clothes torn on top of me and the rations I’d stolen gone.” Rey furiously wiped the tears from her cheeks. She jerked her tunic back down, and stood up. Kylo’s palms lay flat on the table. His face was downcast, but she could feel the rage bubbling beneath the surface. “I will kill them, Rey.” He snarled quietly. “I will kill every last one of them. And the last thing they feel in this life is the pain you felt.” Despite how wrong it felt, Rey couldn’t deny the appeal that held. “Not if I get there first.” She whispered. Kylo stood, stalking around the table. Rey wasn’t sure what he was going to do. Grab his lightsaber and lacerate the walls probably. She was wrong. Instead, he took her in his arms, one around her waist and the other wiping a stray tear from her cheek. “No-one will ever hurt you that way ever again. I promise you that.” Then he buried his face in her neck. Rey clutched onto him, her lifeline in a roiling ocean trying to drown her. She squeezed her eyes shut, focusing only on the warmth of his body and the beat of his heart. For the first time, happiness glowed in her heart. And as every lightbulb smashed and rained down around them, as the tension drained from his shoulders, it glowed even brighter. Notes: Hope you enjoyed, and I especially hope it was worth the wait! Thank you again for all your support! I can't promise two-week intervals anymore as I'm pretty busy, but I hope to get it to you within three. Let me know what you guys thought!