“Take that fucking cock, you little slut.” Kylo Ren growled, the voice modulator cracking the slightest bit at the intensity of his voice. He had his gloved hands tangled in your hair, forcing your mouth farther onto his dick, choking you with it. This was sort of routine. How it came about, you couldn’t even remember. You just knew that not a day went by where Kylo didn’t have his dick in you. Not a day went by that you didn’t have his cum leaking from some orifice of yours. It wasn’t often that you yourself got the privilege of cumming, but you didn’t mind. The feeling of being needed by Commander Ren was satisfying enough. You felt useful to him this way, to the Order. The way your lips wrapped around his length, the way your tongue flicked out to just barely lick the tip, the way your throat tightened around his rock solid member as you gagged on it, it did something to him. He couldn’t go a day without it. Sometimes he couldn’t even go a few hours without you. Those thoughts of being needed made you stare lovingly up at the masked man as one hand gripped his thigh, the stroking and toying with his balls while he manipulated how fast his cock moved in and out of your mouth. What you had control over, however, was how many times your tongue stroked the vein on the underside of his dick. He loved that and you toying with that pleasure made him all the more aggressive. One hand untangled itself from your hair, moving around to plug your nose. Now you had no air flow whatsoever. You felt your throat constricting around his huge, much too large cock in a vain effort to breathe. “You love this. Don’t you, whore? You love pleasing your Commander, even if it means that you go light headed, your head starting to pound from the lack of oxygen. You’ll do anything for me wouldn’t you, slut?” He was right. You were starting to get light headed, all while your head pounded at the same time. But you did love it. And you would do anything for him. So, you struggled to agree around his cock as you surely began to pass out. He was close. So close. You could tell by the growls erupting from his throat, even as they were altered by his mask. Even as your ears began to ring, beginning to lose vision. But you wanted to see him cum. You wanted to be able to swallow it for him. That time wouldn’t come as he quickly pulled you off his cock by your hair, air returning to your lungs in gasps as his dick sprung from your mouth. You were confused as you sat up from being flung to the floor. Until, “Grandfather,” you could tell he wasn’t gasping from the presence of Darth Vader, but rather because you’d had him so close to the edge. You stood straight up at ‘grandfather’, your eyes just as wide as Kylo’s likely were under his helmet. “Lord Vader! I--” “Silence, girl.” His voice commanded between the sounds of his respirator. And silence yourself you did, your arms and legs crossing in an attempt to cover your private areas. Your clothes had been flung across the room and you didn’t know if you had permission to move. Vader’s head tilted to view his grandson, “This is the reason you’ve been so late to training, is it not?” “No, grandfather--” “Do not lie to me.” And so Kylo did not lie, instead, his mouth remained closed. “She’s a distraction.” “No, she’s not, Master.” “If not, then why did you keep her from me? Did you not want to share?” “I--excuse me, Master?” Kylo was full of uncertainty. But Vader ignored his grandson, turning to you once more. “Come, girl. On your knees.” Your eyebrows furrowed before you finally spoke, “Lord Vader, sir, please forgive me but--” you were cut off by your throat constricting once again, this time the source being Vader, his hand raised as the Force tightened around your neck. Your hands abandoned your breasts to claw at your throat. There were a few seconds of respirator noises before he spoke again, “The alternative is suffocation.” There was no hesitation before you nodded, the pressure around your throat releasing. You quickly shuffled before Lord Vader, lower yourself onto your knees. He took the liberty of freeing his cock from his pants and you nearly gasped at the sight of it but held back. It was large and had clearly been badly burned before, but had now healed over. It still resembled a cock, however, just vaguely. You looked at his dick with apprehension before your eyes flittered up to look at Lord Vader. His helmet was tilted down and you knew that behind the mask, his eyes were on you. “I can still feel it, girl. Go on, wrap your fingers around me.” You nodded, your eyes moving back to his cock and your hand raised, fingers doing as instructed. He was silent as you did this, dead silent. When you touched Kylo, he would at least let out a light groan. Were you doing this right? To take it a step further, your lips wrapped around the tip of his cock, your tongue running over the slit. He was surprisingly smooth. “Grandfather--” “Sit, boy. Sit and watch.” Vader snapped. However, his usually steady voice seemed to go quiet on the word ‘watch’ and you knew then that you were doing well. You let your mouth accept the rest of Vader’s cock then, gagging just as you would on his grandson’s. You moaned around his length, eyes closing as you let yourself get into a rhythm of taking him all the way down, your tongue circling around the tip before sucking on it, and then back down. You could hear his respirator working harder to regulate his breathing as he let out the smallest, quietest groan. One gloved hand stroked your hair before gripping it, the other resting on his hip. You worked harder on his cock, your hands not letting any part of it go unstimulated when you bobbed your head up and down. You could feel him starting to move his hips, his hand guiding your head up and down him. You let out another moan on his cock, practically begging him to cum down your throat. It was at this point that you felt wetness drip down your thigh and you finally registered the throbbing in your clit. A whine slipped from your throat and that was when Vader removed himself from your mouth. “On the table, lay on your back.” He instructed. You followed his demands, legs slightly wobbly even though nothing other than your throat had been fucked. But that was about to change. Vader strode over to you, almost gliding. Much more graceful than Kylo. ‘Kylo,’ your eyes moved to find him, almost having forgotten about him. He sat on a chair next to the table, stiff as a board. Both his posture and his cock, which he hadn’t seemed bothered to stow away. A gloved finger ghosted over your aching clit, causing you to gasp and return your attention to Darth Vader. He did it again and your hips bucked up, trying to get more friction on your cunt. “Look at her, grandson. So eager.” “Please,” you begged. It’d been a while since you’d received any pleasure from fingers other than your own. Kylo was a more selfish lover, not that you minded. “Desperate,” Vader corrected himself. “Desperate for another man’s fingers.” Said fingers circled around the entrance of your cunt. “Come, grandson.” Vader order as he slipped just one thick, gloved finger into you. You moaned, clenching around the finger as Kylo stood, moving to stand next to Vader. The sight of the two men towering over you, their masks staring down at you, them fully clothed and your body bare and displayed for them, it all made your cunt clench around the finger moving in and out of you. Your touch deprived clit ached uncomfortably, begging for attention. “You don’t please her nearly enough. She’s so eager to satisfy, yet you do nothing for her. Another thing I must teach you, boy. How to care for your whores.” You moaned at that, hips begging the two men to do something, anything to you. “Touch her.” You could tell Kylo was examining your body from behind the visor. His fingers twitched as they rose to just barely stroke the side of your breast, down your stomach. He was unsure but that alone sent tingles through your body, straight to your pussy. But you wanted more and he could tell. His touch grew more confident, more aggressive, his large, gloved hands finally groping your tits, the seams of his gloves catching on your nipples. Your back arched into his touch as his hands moved down your stomach. You could hear how wet you were at this point, all three of you could. Vader slipped a second finger into you then and that’s when you really began to feel the pleasure. But you wouldn’t tip over the edge, not without any friction on your clit. Seemingly reading your mind, Kylo’s fingers stroked down your stomach once more before going further than before. His fingers grazed over your clit but continued on. He took his index and middle finger and they pushed their way inside of your cunt, his grandfather’s still pumping inside of you. You whined, feeling full with their four gloved fingers stretching you. But it still wasn’t enough. And that’s when Kylo’s thumb rested on your clit, rubbing slow circles. “Kylo!” His name escaped your lips as your hands shot down to grip their wrists. But that wasn’t allowed, Kylo’s other hand gripping your wrists and pinning them above your head. He had to lean over you to do so and his cock brushed up against your thigh. He was so hard, he throbbed against your thigh. He hissed at the contact and you moaned at the sound, throwing your head back. The two set a rhythm with their fingers, no part of your walls going unstimulated. Kylo’s circles around your clit grew faster and harder. The seam on his thumb would catch on your nub every once in a while. The pressure was building up in your stomach and you moved your hips desperately against their hands, struggling against Kylo’s grip on your wrists, your moans growing louder and more frequent, mumbles of their names and pleases spewing from your mouth. Your thigh brushed up against Kylo again and he growled. “Fucking whore,” despite the name calling he moved against your thigh, just as desperate for stimulation as you were. You pressed your thigh against his cock, moving it as best you could to stroke his cock, even despite the uncomfortable rubbing of his pants on your skin. Vader’s fingers suddenly stroked your that spot inside of you rather harshly, causing you to cry out for him, “Fuck, Lord Vader!” You didn’t even recognize it as the warning that it was, you were in too much pleasure, too close to the edge. “Please, please. I’m going to cum.” You whined, the words coming out in an almost sob. “Fuck,” Kylo hissed, his grip tightening around your wrists as he tried to fuck your thigh, his other hand working harder, wanting to feel your cunt tighten around his fingers. You arched against the hands in your pussy, trying to press your thigh harder against Kylo’s cock. Vader offered no verbal warning, his hand suddenly coming down on that same thigh, slapping it too hard. But it still sent you over the edge, your walls spasming around their fingers as you screamed out. They continued to push their fingers in and out of you as you began to come down from your high. Suddenly it all became too much, Kylo’s thumb on your clit becoming more uncomfortable than pleasurable, your thighs twitching at his slower movements. The hand that slapped your thigh gripped Kylo’s wrist and pulled his hand away, his fingers leaving your cunt and bringing a long, thick string of your cum with them. But you weren’t given a long recovery period before you felt Darth Vader’s cock at your pussy. Before you could ask him to wait, he shoved his cock all the way inside of your sensitive cunt. Again, he said nothing, just pounded away at your cunt. It hurt, the sudden stretching of your pussy. Not even four fingers could prepare you for his size. Not to mention the way his gloved hands gripped at your hips and pulled you violently onto him. You could feel the two fingers that had been inside of you, your own cum sticking to your skin. You whined as your eyes shut, Vader’s deformed cock shoving your walls open, even going far enough to scrape against the bottom of your cervix. But he didn’t let you feel only the pain. He didn’t move his fingers from your hips, instead using the Force to toy with your clit. It was still sensitive, but as he continued to pinch and rub it with the Force, it began to morph into pleasure again. Of course, Kylo couldn’t just watch his grandfather’s cock move in and out of you. He made comments as he moved around the table. “Such a good slut, taking your Lord’s cock so well.” You felt his cock brush against your cheek, wet with precum. Your eyes opened to see him above you, staring down at you. You knew what he wanted and you opened your mouth, ready to accept him. He positioned his cock at your mouth, your tongue darting out to lick the precum off the tip. He hissed, not even allowing you to take a final breath before he shoved his entire length down your throat. “Fuck your throat feels so good around my cock. It always does. You’re always such a good, hungry little slut for me.” Your jaw hurt as he slammed himself into your mouth, his balls slapping you in the face. Your neck was bent at an odd angle so you could take him, but you didn’t care that it hurt. Not when he was groaning so beautifully, not when Vader’s cock was throbbing deliciously inside of you. Kylo’s hands groped at your breasts, squeezing them almost painfully. Your hands moved to grip his, your nails digging into the leather of his gloves as you swirled your tongue around the head of his cock, your pussy clenching around Vader. You moaned around Kylo’s aching cock, bucking your hips into his grandfather’s. “That’s right, moan on my cock, you dirty whore. Moan on my cock while my grandfather rams into your cunt.” His thrusts into your mouth were getting sloppy, his groans turning into growls. He was getting close to shooting his load down your throat already. It was no surprise. You’d gotten him so close to cumming before Darth Vader showed up, and you’d been rubbing his cock with your thigh previously. You were beginning to feel yourself getting closer once more, as well, Vader’s smooth, half melted cock hitting all of the right places inside of your pussy. You felt that Vader may be getting ready to tip over as well by the way he was groaning, his fingers digging even harder into your hips, his respirator going crazy while trying to stabilize his breathing. Your cunt clenched around him, trying to milk his cock. Would his cum be normal? Would it be hot, sticky, and white? Bitter tasting? A slap to your tit brought you back to Kylo, “Yes, suck that cock. Fuck, I’m going to cum in your little slut mouth,” He growled, pinching and tugging on your nipples as he struggled to keep his rhythm. “No. Pull your cock out of her mouth.” Vader’s robotic voice instructed as he pulled his own cock out of you, the Force stopping on your clit. You whined on Kylo’s cock as he defied his grandfather and continued to fuck your face. All he wanted to do was cum and he was not stopping. “Stop, boy.” Vader’s voice was harsh as his hand raised and Kylo’s cock was ripped out of your mouth as he was flung away from you. “You’re not learning. You’re not working hard enough to earn release. A spoiled little boy is what you are, never having to work for anything in your life. Come here. I’ll show you how hard she works so you can shoot your cum without effort.” You sat up from the table then, just as confused as Kylo. “You too, girl.” You obeyed, but Kylo hesitated. “Grandfather…” “Now.” Kylo moved slowly, getting up from the place he’d been flung. He stopped in front of Darth Vader. “On your knees, Ren.” Kylo’s helmet turned to you before he lowered himself onto his knees. “Come, girl. Stand in front of me.” He instructed, resting his gloved hands on your bare shoulders. The sound of his breathing behind you made the hair on your body stand at attention. “Take of his mask.” “Wait--” Kylo began to protest, but you were already eagerly searching to release the helmet. You’d only seen his face once before, only on accident, and he never let you see it again. But now you were ordered by Lord Vader. You couldn’t deny those orders, now could you? You pressed into the release hatch, the helmet hissing as it unlatched. It took all too long in your opinion, but it didn’t matter as you pulled it off of his head, dark curls falling from the heavy metal helmet. You let it drop to the floor beside you as you stared down at the man in front of you. He was beyond gorgeous. His dark hair fell perfectly around his pale, dotted face, curls obscuring his brown puppy eyes. His nose was strong and prominent, just like his pouty pink lips. He was impossibly pretty. “Put one leg over his shoulder. He’s going to taste your cunt. He’s going to work as hard to get you off as you do. Aren’t you, boy?” Kylo nodded as you lifted a leg to rest on his shoulder, one hand gripping your thigh. “Go on.” Vader encouraged. Kylo watched your face as he licked the first stripe up your cunt. Watched as your head was thrown back and as you moaned at the unusual feeling of a tongue on your pussy. It gave him the confidence to flick his tongue over your clit before pulling it between his lips, nibbling the slightest bit as he let his tongue play with your folds. One of your hands tangled into his hair, pulling him closer to your cunt. “So soft,” you moaned, in reference to his unbelievably soft hair. It was erotic, the way the curls brushed against your thighs. He moaned into your pussy as you pulled on his hair, his tongue lapping up your leaking juices and circling around your clit. Vader’s cock brushed against your ass as he was still standing behind you and you reached behind yourself with your free hand to lazily stroke his cock, still wet from being inside of you. A robotic groan came from him as the grip on your shoulders tightened. Your head fell back to rest against Darth Vader as Kylo slurped at the entrance of your cunt, licking back up to your clit and sucking on it. You couldn’t control the moans escaping you as you ripped at his hair, your hand tightening around Vader’s dick, “Fuck, Kylo, just like that.” You weren’t used to this, his hot mouth on you, but you could get used to it. You wanted to. Your hips bucked into his face, wanting to get off with his mouth there to drink up your cum. “That’s right, fuck my face.” He growled into your cunt, sucking and licking at your clit harder as the hand on your thigh attempted to pull you closer to his mouth. “You taste so good, (Y/N).” He moaned on your cunt just as you cried out. You were getting so close, you cunt clenching as you prepared to soak his face with your juices. “Kylo! Fuck, fuck--” You practically screamed as you flooded his mouth, the pressure that built up in your stomach being relieved as you came. You gripped at Lord Vader’s dick perhaps a little too hard as your cunt clenched around Kylo’s tongue. You muscles relaxed as your leg fell from Kylo’s shoulder, revealing his cum covered face, his smooth chin wet with you. “No, no. This isn’t enough. He doesn’t understand the way you gag and sputter on his cock this way. Kneel next to him, girl.” Vader decided his hands pushing on your shoulders until you kneeled next to his grandson. “Master, what do you want me to do?” Kylo’s voice, deep even without the mask, questioned his grandfather, not picking up on what the older man wanted. “I want you to wrap your mouth around my cock. I want you, (Y/N), to instruct him. Teach him to suck my dick the same way you suck his.” “Grandfather, that’s--” “It’s not up for discussion.” Vader dismissed Kylo’s protest as his fingers tangled themselves in the same hair that yours had been in moments before. Kylo’s puppy eyes looked to you for guidance, to which you smiled at him. “Lick the tip of his cock, Commander.” You instructed as you scooted closer to him, one arm resting on his shoulder and that hand playing with the hair by his ear, the other hand reaching for his leaking cock, too hard to be comfortable. Kylo turned back to his grandfather’s strange cock, his tongue darting out to lick the tip of it his deformed dick, trying to mimic the way you so magnificently did it. “Suck on him now,” you continued to instruct as your hand moved slowly up and down his long, thick shaft. He whined but did as he was told, taking the head of Vader’s cock in his mouth and swirled his tongue around it, bobbing up and down ever so slightly. Kylo could taste you and his grandfather on the cock in his mouth. It tasted so oddly good, your cum and his grandfather’s precum mingled together. He moaned onto the cock, much like you would. Vader let out a noise of approval, but let you continue to instruct the boy. “Now lick up the underside of his cock,” Kylo obeyed your instructions and paused at the slit in Vader’s cockhead, waiting for further instructions. “Now take him all the way down,” Kylo hesitated for a second, to which Vader then pushed on the back of Kylo’s head, forcing him down onto his cock. Kylo gagged as the cock pushed past the back of his throat, his body reacting by swallowing around it, but Vader was groaning, the respirator kicking into gear once again. Spit was starting to leak out of Kylo’s mouth, over his lips and down his chin. “That’s it, Commander. You’re taking his cock so well,” you smirked at the words coming out of your mouth. “Your lips look so pretty and pink wrapped around that thick cock. Now bob your head. Keep licking his cock.” You encouraged as your hand began to move faster, tighter around Kylo’s own member. Kylo groaned and growled onto the cock buried in his throat, his hips thrusting up into your hand as he continued to deepthroat his grandfather. It was then that Vader started to take control, his hands moving Kylo’s head faster and harder, shoving his cock deeper. He relished in the feeling of Kylo gagging on his dick as he grew closer to finally reaching an orgasm. Kylo whined as his cock throbbed in your hand and you knew he was getting closer, knew Vader was almost there. You leaned in to place kisses to the corner of Kylo’s mouth, to his cheek and jaw, moving up to his ear. “Suck that cock like a good little whore. You’re doing so good. Cum in my hand, baby, cum in my hand when he cums in your mouth.” Kylo was desperate to get off now, doing his best to please the cock before him. And he did look so gorgeous with a large dick between his wet lips. Without warning Vader stilled, deep in Kylo’s throat. There was a crackling of sorts as the Sith lord’s cum shot down his grandson’s throat. Vader began pulling out, but his cum hadn’t stopped shooting yet. The white liquid pooled on Kylo’s tongue, dripping down his lips. Hot cum spurted onto Kylo’s face, on his nose and cheeks, dripping off his chin in strings. And that’s when Kylo went rigid before crying out, his own cum shooting up onto the dark cloth covering his chest. His cum dripped down your hand and onto his thighs as you continued to jerk his cock. Your hand slowed and you leaned in, licking up Vader’s cum from Kylo’s face. Once his face was clean of it, you connected your lips letting the cum flow into his mouth and down both your faces as the two of you kissed. “Mmm, he tastes so good. Right, Commander?” You asked as you pulled away from the man, a string of saliva and cum still connected between the two of you. Kylo only nodded, licking his lips and the line of sticky liquid broke between them. You looked down, doing your best to collect Kylo’s cum off of his cock and his covered thighs and chest, bringing your hand up to his mouth. “Taste yourself, you taste just as good.” You encouraged, letting out the littlest moan when he actually wrapped his mouth around two of your fingers, his tongue swirling around them. He swallowed down the cum he collected and you licked the rest off of your hand. You swallowed before connecting your lips again, sliding your tongue along his. Vader’s gloved hand reached down, gripping Kylo’s chin and forcing him to look up at him, your lips disconnecting. “Don’t be late again, grandson.” He released Kylo Ren and tucked his cock away, before turning around and gliding out of the room, as though nothing had happened. Notes: what the FUUuuuuuCKKKkkkk???? I don't even know. Started strong then faded. I want to die.