It has been said that there are only two possible plots to any story: a man goes on a journey, or a stranger rides into town. But Poe Dameron was both a man on a journey and a stranger when he reached the town of Little Mesa late one afternoon. Poe knew right away that something was strange about it. Oh, everyone was nice enough to him, but they were a strange kind of nice, the kind that said sure, they’d love it up at the hotel if Poe spent the night, but he really should move on the next morning. And while the small saloon at one end of the town’s single dusty street was cheerful and noisy and served excellent whiskey, neither of the two girls working there encouraged Poe to come back the next night, and the lady bartender wasn’t very talkative. In fact, she eyed Poe rather suspiciously. At first, Poe thought it was how he looked. Even though he was handsome ( very handsome, many women would point out when asked), Poe’s mixed blood gave his appearance enough of an exotic tinge to raise questions. No one ever came out and asked if he was part Mexican, or part Indian, or part a little of everything, but Poe had been thrown out of a few establishments in the past because his skin was too dark for the owners’ liking. Yet after he’d been in town for a couple hours, Poe realized that wasn’t the case here. The man running the small hotel was more than happy to rent him a room for the night, and the bartender didn’t refuse to serve Poe. The saloon girls were friendly enough; they just didn’t flirt with Poe the way he was used to. Finally, Poe decided that the townspeople simply didn’t want any newcomers sticking around. They were happy to have Poe’s business for a day, but not for a month, and certainly not forever. Poe hadn’t planned on staying more than a week or so anyway, but he had hoped to pick up a job for that week. His dinner, single drink, and night at the hotel would nearly deplete what little money he had left, and he wasn’t sure how he could afford his—or his beloved horse B.B.’s—next meal. Poe muttered all this to the bartender, without much hope that she would know of any work available, or that she would even care, especially considering how she’d been looking him over all evening. But then, as Poe was draining the last of the whiskey from his glass, she spoke up. “You might ask out at the Skywalker Ranch,” the woman said. Poe set down his glass and glanced at her in surprise. Seated on a tall bar stool, he actually had to look down to see her eyes, which regarded him through glasses so thick, they appeared huge and distorted. “Oh? Where’s that?” Poe asked, trying not to seem too excited. “East of town, a couple miles. It’s the only spread out that way,” the bartender told him. She was still eying him, and Poe realized that her gaze wasn’t exactly suspicious after all. In fact, it was kind of. . . knowing . Poe wasn’t sure he liked that any better. “All right,” he muttered, “I might head out there in the morning. Thanks.” He paid for his drink and slid off his barstool. One of the saloon girls smiled at him on his way out, but usually women tried to give him a lot more than just a smile. Something was definitely weird about Little Mesa. Poe found out just what it was the next morning, when he rode B.B. out to the Skywalker Ranch. It was of a modest size and sprawled over what was probably good land when the area wasn’t in the middle of a months-long drought. Poe thought maybe that was why he was met by three men on horseback almost as soon as he crossed onto the property. Whatever the reason, he thought as they escorted him, guns visible on their belts, to the main house on the ranch, they’re on edge around here. It wasn’t because of the drought. An hour later, Poe knew what he thought was the whole story, told to him by the ranch’s owner: a petite, middle-aged woman whom Poe assumed was a widow. . . for about five minutes until he figured out she knew exactly what she was doing. She gave Poe a cup of coffee far stronger than what he’d gotten from the hotel’s kitchen that morning, looked him up and down, and said she’d hire him if he was game. Poe said he was game for just about anything, the lady rancher gave him a disconcerting smirk, and less than twelve hours later, Poe was being led at gunpoint to face the man who had, for all intents and purposes, taken over the town of Little Mesa. -- The rancher’s name was Leia Organa Skywalker Solo, and she was one of two co-owners of Skywalker Ranch. The other co-owner had disappeared. This man was not Leia’s husband (who was, in fact, still alive but absent and, Poe quickly understood, not to be discussed) but her brother, Luke Skywalker. Leia did not want Poe to find Luke. Leia wanted Poe to find the map Luke had left behind before he absconded, so that she could find Luke. Why a middle-aged man would run away from home, or make a map showing where he was running to, or leave that map with someone other than his family was beyond Poe. But why wasn’t his business. One of Poe’s strong points was knowing when not to ask questions. He told Leia he’d find the map, and she explained that she suspected the map was in Jakku, another town about fifteen miles from Little Mesa. Poe rode out there, going part of the way with a couple other hands from the ranch then leaving them waiting while he went the last two miles on his own. When Poe got to his destination, he found that Leia had been right. She was even right about who exactly had the map, an old man who only turned it over when Poe showed him a letter from Leia, describing Poe and asking that the man entrust it to him. Poe hadn’t been going to ask Leia why she didn’t just send one of her own ranch hands after the map, especially if they were riding part of the way with Poe—not only did he not ask questions, he also wasn’t about to suggest that someone else get paid for what seemed like an easy task. But Leia had explained anyway. Someone else was after the map, because he was also after Luke Skywalker. That someone was a local cattle baron who went by the name Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren wanted to find Luke Skywalker because he wanted the Skywalker Ranch. Leia didn’t want to sell, and without Luke to co-sign the deed over to Ren, she couldn’t sell even if she did want to. Ren had ways of getting what he wanted, though; those ways included a lot of money, a gang of well-trained gunslingers and cowboys, and control over the bank, the stagecoach line, and the sheriff of Little Mesa. In fact, the saloon was about the only thing Ren didn’t control, and Poe soon understood why the bartender had studied him so closely. Kylo Ren was why Leia wanted to hire an accomplished gun fighter: whoever retrieved the map could be riding into serious danger. Poe had gotten to the town, the old man, and the map just before Kylo Ren and his posse rode in. Mounted on B.B., Poe was riding out past the edge of town when he heard the thunder of hooves coming from the opposite direction. Evening had fallen by then, and Poe was fairly sure he hadn’t been seen before he urged B.B. off the street and behind the old, crumbling stable that was the last building on that side of town. Poe dismounted and peered around the side of the building to watch the noisy crowd of about a dozen men barreling into town down on the other end of the street. “Shit,” Poe whispered. The posse was every bit as violent as Leia had warned, kicking down doors and hauling men, women, and even children out into the darkening street. Poe couldn’t hear everything they were saying, but they seemed to be questioning the townspeople about something. Poe thought he probably knew what. I’ve got to get that map out of here, Poe thought. He was about to get back up on B.B. when he took another look down the street. Now the old man who had given him the map was being hauled out there too with the rest. “No, I can’t just leave,” Poe murmured aloud. “I have to help them.” B.B. snorted and turned his head at the sound of Poe’s voice. Poe looked at the buckskin pinto, and the horse seemed to look back with concern. “I know, buddy, it’s not my business,” muttered Poe, “and I’m getting paid to get this map back to Leia, not to be a hero. But she hired me in particular because I’m good with a gun, right? So it wouldn’t be right for me not to use it to protect people who need my help.” B.B. blinked his large, brown eyes. “So I need your help,” Poe told the horse. He pulled the map out of an inner pocket of his leather jacket and tucked it into one of the saddle bags B.B. wore instead. “You’ve gotta go back to the others, where they’re waiting on the trail. That way the map will be safe, no matter what happens. I’ll walk back there soon as I take care of this Ren guy.” Even the horse didn’t look completely convinced, and Poe sighed. “I’ll be fine, I swear,” he said, as much to himself as to B.B. Then he grabbed the reins and turned his horse back onto the trail before tying the reins around the saddle horn and giving B.B. a hard swat to his rear end. Sorry, buddy, Poe thought as the horse bolted away from town, but you’ll be safer this way. And I’ll see you again soon. Poe ducked back into his hiding place and looked up the street again. The good news was that no one appeared to have noticed Poe’s escaping horse. The bad news was that the old man who had had the map was down on his knees before one of the interlopers. Poe couldn’t tell much about the latter from that distance except that he was tall and wore a hat—and he had a gun, which he was pointing at the old man’s head. He must be asking about the map, Poe thought. I’ve got to sneak up there and get guns to some of the townsmen before— There was a loud crack and a flash of gunpowder from up the street, and the old man fell over dead. “ Shit! ” Poe hissed again. Automatically, his hand dropped to his hip for his own gun, and he brought it up, aiming at the tall, hatted man. Poe fired, but a second later, a sharp pain in his hand made him yelp and drop his gun. For an instant, he thought he’d been shot, in the hand no less, but then he realized the truth: the other man had shot Poe’s gun out of his hand, without hitting Poe himself at all. “What the hell,” Poe breathed. Before he could even think about retrieving his gun, several of the posse started toward him, their own guns drawn. Poe groaned and held his hands up in surrender. -- And that was how Poe Dameron ended up in front of Kylo Ren, who of course was the tall man in the hat who could shoot a gun out of another man’s hand from nearly all the way across town. Besides the three men who were herding Poe—one on each side of him, and one with a gun to his back—Poe saw at least ten other people making up Ren’s posse. Most of them were unremarkable, scarred and hardened cowboys. Two, however, caught Poe’s attention. One was a young black man, which made him stand out: all the others appeared to be white, or like Poe, light-skinned enough to pass in the fading light. The man kept glancing at Poe with a mixture of curiosity and sympathy, and Poe wondered just how he’d gotten involved with Ren’s gang. One other posse member intrigued Poe, because she was a woman. She was a beautiful woman at that, slender with short blond hair visible in a fringe sticking out from under her hat. Her eyes, though, were as hard as any of the men’s in the posse, if not harder. She never even looked at Poe; she kept her gaze fixed on the townspeople who were huddled together, some of the children weeping in fear. The two men holding Poe threw him down to his knees before Kylo Ren. Poe cast a resentful glare up at the tall man, but then Ren surprised him by kneeling as well so that they were eye to eye. In fact, Ren’s eyes were just about the only part of him not covered up. He wore a black bandana over his nose and the lower half of his face, a black hat atop his head, and, of course, all black clothing as well with a long duster over his shirt and jeans. Even Ren’s shaggy hair was black, as far as Poe could tell in the deepening twilight. Poe caught himself wondering what Ren’s face looked like beneath the bandana, what sort of body the duster concealed, how long his hair was under the hat. Ren looked at Poe, and Poe looked at Ren. Finally, Poe couldn’t stand just staring at each other, and he muttered, “So who talks first? You talk first? I talk first?” He was hoping to goad Ren into a reaction, but not so much as a flicker passed through the dark eyes fixed on his face. “The old man gave it to you,” Ren finally said. His voice was deep and slightly muffled by the bandana. Poe tried again. “It’s just very hard to understand you with the—” “Search him,” Ren told the two men flanking Poe, rising to his feet again as he spoke. “Bandana,” Poe finished. He followed Ren up with his eyes, resentful at the interruption but mostly at his inability to draw any emotion from his captor. The other two men hauled Poe to his feet as well and searched him roughly, hands hitting and groping at his sides. It wasn’t a very thorough search, but Ren didn’t demand more—almost as if he already knew that Poe no longer had the map on him. “Take him back to the ranch,” Ren ordered. Poe considered putting up a fight as the others started dragging him toward where another of their number was waiting with their horses; however, Poe knew that resisting would be useless. They have my gun, and plenty of their own, Poe thought. He didn’t have any choice but to submit when his captors stopped him beside one of their horses and forced him to mount it by jabbing the muzzle of a gun into his spine. Once Poe was astride the horse, one of the men began to tie his hands behind his back, but Poe was distracted from his actions by a commotion back where Ren still stood, now speaking with the blonde. “The map’s not here,” she reported. “We’ve searched the whole town. What should we do?” “Burn it,” said Ren. “Burn it to the ground—and shoot anyone who tries to get away.” “No!” Poe shouted. It was an automatic reaction, even though Poe knew that protesting wouldn’t do any good, no more than attempting to escape would. Ren, of course, ignored him, if he even heard Poe’s cry over the din that broke out at his order. Several of the gathered townspeople did try to pull away from Ren’s gang, although Poe couldn’t tell if they were trying to run away or to fight back. Some of Ren’s men leveled their guns and fired on the resisters, while others began moving toward the town’s few buildings to set them on fire. Besides the woman and Ren himself, both of whom just watched the others carry out Ren’s orders, only one of Ren’s gang did nothing. The young black man who had kept glancing at Poe now stood still in the middle of the chaos. At first he began to raise his gun, but then he just lowered it again to hold it by his side. Poe noticed his lack of action—and so did Ren. When Poe looked back at the tall man in black, Ren’s eyes were also fixed on the man who had refused to follow his orders. Ren did nothing to admonish the man, however. When the first trails of smoke began to rise from Jakku’s wooden sidewalks and buildings, Ren turned away and approached the cluster of horses. They weren’t happy about the growing fire and had begun to whinny and shy toward the open land away from the town. Poe’s horse was particularly skittish, and he gripped the saddle tightly with his thighs, finding it hard to keep his balance with his arms bound behind him. To his dismay, Ren came right up to the horse Poe straddled. He ignored Poe entirely and instead reached up a gloved hand to the horse’s head. Poe expected Ren to strike the animal, but instead, he trailed his fingers down its nose, then cupped them under its long head. Poe was amazed when the horse calmed and stood still. It lowered its head slightly, clearly enjoying Ren’s touch as his other hand moved to stroke the horse’s forehead. He murmured something to it, his deep voice too low for Poe to understand what he said. Heat on the side of Poe’s face drew his attention away from Ren and back to the town. Weeks of dry weather had left the worn wooden structures particularly susceptible to fire, and flames had already started licking up the sides of the buildings. “No,” Poe whispered, even though no one could stop the fire now even if they tried; there couldn’t be enough water in the whole town to put out the spreading blaze. Poe looked back down at Ren in hatred, and saw dark, emotionless eyes looking back up at him. “You bastard,” growled Poe, still to no reaction. Back at the ranch, they said he had such a temper, but I can’t even get a rise out of him, Poe marveled. Trying to antagonize Ren only resulted in Poe frustrating himself instead. “Let’s go,” Ren said over his shoulder to his gang. When he moved to the flank of the horse Poe rode, then put the toe of one black boot in the stirrup, Poe gave an indignant protest. “What are you doing? You’re not riding with—” “This is my horse,” Ren informed him. He put one hand on the saddle’s pommel—uncomfortably close to Poe’s groin, in fact—and the other on the cantle. Uncomfortably close to my ass, Poe thought, feeling his face flush in spite of himself. The saddle shifted as Ren put his weight in the stirrup; then he swung his other long leg up over the horse’s rear to seat himself just behind the saddle. . . and just behind Poe. Ren reached around Poe to grasp the reins in one hand, then with barely a flick of them, turned his horse away from Jakku and presumably toward Ren’s own ranch. A touch from Ren’s heels coaxed the horse into a smooth gallop. Poe turned his head for a final look at the town burning behind them. He was barely tall enough to peer over Ren’s broad shoulder, but he could see the surviving townspeople huddled in a mass before their burning home. Two of Ren’s gang were still standing there with their guns, but the rest were either mounting their horses or already galloping after Ren and Poe. Poe faced forward again and shuddered with a mixture of guilt, anger, and revulsion. He knew, intellectually, that he wasn’t to blame for the fate of the town or anyone in it, but Poe couldn’t help feeling that somehow he had brought their doom down upon them. If I hadn’t gotten here first, he might not have killed that old man, Poe thought miserably. Yeah, he would have gotten the map, but. . . but was keeping it from him really worth all this? Is Skywalker Ranch really more valuable than the lives of all these people? Still, Poe knew that it wasn’t really his own fault; it was the fault of the man seated behind him, so close to him that Poe could feel the heat of Ren’s body against his back. The awkward positioning of Poe’s pinioned hands meant that his fingers were pressed to the other man’s waist, touching Ren’s belt buckle, his shirt, and a little of his jeans. Ren’s left arm brushed Poe’s side as he held the reins in that hand, but he kept his right arm back. Although he seemed to be touching as little of Poe as possible, Poe still felt flustered by their contact. Why? Poe answered his own question immediately: Because he disgusts me so much, that’s why. I don’t want him anywhere near me, yet he’s so, so close. . . . Again he wondered what the man really looked like, underneath all the black garments he wore to conceal himself. Poe didn’t even know if Ren was old or young, for Leia hadn’t told him much. All she said was that he wanted her ranch, and that he would do anything to get what he wants, Poe remembered. And that he gets angry. That when he doesn’t get what he wants, he gets angry. . . . Poe thought of the old man, and what had happened to him when he didn’t give Ren what he wanted. But he hasn’t gotten angry at me. Not yet, Poe thought, and he shivered against the larger man behind him. God help me when he does. -- To be continued Chapter 2 Poe wasn’t sure how much time passed before Kylo Ren came to question him. Ren wasn’t the only one to do so; he let his posse take a shot at Poe first—not the black man, or the woman, but a couple of the others who took turns first asking, then demanding to know what Poe had done with the map. Poe refused to answer them, even when they started hitting and kicking him. Still, Poe wasn’t in any position to fight back. When they’d reached the ranch, Ren had dismounted and left Poe for the others to deal with. They’d pulled him off the horse and dragged him into an abandoned stable, where they bound Poe’s ankles and forced him to kneel in the dusty old straw while they asked their questions. After an hour or so, the men seemed finally to understand that Poe wouldn’t talk, and they left him there, lying on his side with blood running into his left eye and more leaking from his mouth. Poe ached all over, but he took some comfort in the knowledge that the map would soon be safely in Leia Solo’s hands. I did my job, Poe told himself, and even if I never make it back to get paid for it, I did the right thing. Ren may have bullied everyone else in Little Mesa to give in to him, but he won’t get that last ranch. . . . Poe was close to sinking into the blissful oblivion of sleep when two different men came in. They didn’t ask him any questions. They didn’t even hit him, although they did make sure to jostle his aching head and midsection as they yanked Poe back up onto his knees. The two sat there, one on each side of him, and talked over his slumped head, loud enough to grate in his ears. Every time Poe was close to passing out, one or both of the men would elbow or pinch him until he jolted awake again. Poe had lost track of time by then, but it was still dark beyond the candle-lit confines of the stable when he choked out a request for some water. One of the men growled and socked him in the jaw. Poe groaned in spite of himself as he landed on the ground, hard on his side. “Stop it, you idiot,” the other man muttered. “Ren said not to hit him anymore—it ain’t doin’ no good.” He hauled Poe back up on his knees then snarled, “Much as I’d like to mess that pretty face up some more. Sit up, you little shit.” They kept Poe awake and thirsty all night, while the aching in his head faded to a dull throb and the blood dried and crusted on his face. He knew dawn had come when blue-white light began to seep through the wide cracks between the boards of the stable walls, and soon after that, Kylo Ren appeared in the open doorway, still dressed in black with his face covered by the bandana. Poe’s eyes had almost drooped closed again, but he opened them and drew in a breath when he saw the tall man outlined by the rising sun’s light. Now Poe understood why he’d been kept awake all night: To make it easier for Ren to break me. The thought frightened Poe a little, but he narrowed his tired eyes into a glare anyway, and when Ren glanced down at him, Poe didn’t avert his gaze. Ren’s own eyes narrowed as well before they flicked to the man on Poe’s right. “Out,” Ren muttered with a jerk of his head toward the door behind him. Both men scrambled to their feet and hurried out, one casting a glance back over his shoulder as if he wished he could stay to see what Ren planned to do to his hostage. Poe swallowed—an action made difficult by his parched throat—and watched as Kylo Ren approached him. Ren stopped several yards away and asked, “Comfortable?” The deepness of his voice made Poe want to shiver despite the warmth of the summer morning. Poe lifted his chin at what he hoped was a defiant angle and retorted, “Not really.” Ignoring both Poe’s attitude and his response, Ren came closer to Poe in a slow amble. He stood before the pinioned man and looked down at him, dark eyes emotionless once more. “I’m impressed,” Ren told Poe. “No one has been able to get out of you what you did with the map.” Poe managed to keep his own voice just as calm although he was seething with both fury and fear: “You might want to rethink your technique.” He was rewarded with a flicker of anger that crossed what he could see of Ren’s face. The tall man bent down and grasped a handful of Poe’s rumpled hair, using it to jerk Poe’s head back and causing the ache in his skull to begin afresh. Poe moaned in pain despite his best efforts to stifle the cry. Ren leaned his shrouded face in closer and growled, “Where is it?” “I will not be intimidated by you,” Poe hissed up at him. Even with most of Ren’s face hidden by the bandana, Poe could see the fury on it, just by the flashing in his eyes, the furrows on his pale forehead, and the way his black brows lowered. Ren yanked harder on Poe’s hair and clamped his free hand over the smaller man’s throat. Poe winced as Ren shoved him up against the wall at his back. “Where is it?” Ren demanded. Poe only continued to glare at him, although when he remembered what he’d heard about Ren’s temper, he wondered if he would ever make it out of that stable alive. I don’t care, Poe told himself. I won’t give in to him. Beneath the conscious thought, another, less welcome one ran: I impressed him, and I won’t disappoint him by letting him break me now. Poe didn’t want to consider the tiny twinge of satisfaction he felt from knowing that he had made an impression upon Kylo Ren. But then Ren surprised him. The large, gloved hands dropped from Poe’s throat and hair, and Ren took a step back from Poe. Poe drew several deep, shaky breaths as Ren dropped to one knee in front of him and slipped a hand into one of his own pockets. When Ren withdrew his hand, he was holding a single shotgun shell between his thumb and forefinger. Poe focused his tired eyes on the polished metal and wondered if Ren was implying that he meant to shoot him. I don’t even care anymore, Poe thought as he struggled to keep his eyes open. At least it will be over quickly. . . and I can rest . Yet Ren said nothing more, and he made no move to draw a gun. Instead, he began to twirl the shell through his fingers, using his thumb to start it traveling lightly over and between them. Poe stared, trying to figure out what the strange man was doing. His long fingers were certainly lithe and skillful, but Poe didn’t know how showing them off was meant to intimidate him. Still, the motion of the shell passing between them was mesmerizing, and Poe couldn’t take his eyes away. It’s almost relaxing, he thought drowsily, even soothing. His fingers are. . . are lovely. I wonder if they’re as white as his face, under the gloves? Poe didn’t even realize Ren was hypnotizing him; he was only aware of the movement of the other man’s slender fingers and, after a moment, the sound of Kylo Ren’s deep voice. -- Kylo Ren was surprised by how easy his captive was to hypnotize. When the stranger refused to confess what he’d done with the map, despite being wounded by Ren’s posse and threatened by Ren himself, Kylo had been certain he’d resist hypnosis as well, even beaten and sleep-deprived as he was. But after only a couple moments, the man’s beautiful brown eyes had softened and the tension in his angry face had relaxed. Once he was sure his prisoner would no longer refuse to answer his questions, Kylo let the shotgun shell fall from his fingers into the straw between him and the smaller man. “What is your name?” Kylo asked, modulating his voice so he would no longer sound angry or threatening. He still struggled with residual anger over the stranger’s stubborn resistance, but that anger would do no good now that the gunslinger had been subdued. “Poe Dameron,” the small man murmured. When Kylo dropped the shell, Dameron’s eyes had shifted to his face, and they studied him now with detached interest. “Poe Dameron,” Kylo repeated as his own eyes moved over the other man’s face, taking in the tan skin—now bruised and bloodied, the tousled hair, the largish nose, and the full, slightly-parted lips. Dameron blinked his eyes, fluttering their long black lashes. He’s as pretty as some women, Kylo thought, shifting his weight uncomfortably from the leg folded under him to his other foot. Prettier than others. “Where is the map?” Kylo asked Dameron, determined to ignore the way looking at Poe’s face made him feel, telling himself, Better to get it out of him and be done with him. For an instant, a distressed furrow passed over Dameron’s brow, but then he relaxed again. “In B.B.’s saddlebag,” he said. “B.B.?” “My horse.” Dameron smiled, and the somewhat dull look in his eyes brightened. “He’s a wonderful horse. The best horse in the whole world.” “I’m sure,” Kylo muttered, not caring in the least about how much the man loved his horse. “And where is B.B. now?” “I sent him back to where they were waiting on me.” Dameron sighed and added, “I had to whack him pretty hard to make him run. Poor B.B., I hope I didn’t hurt him.” He paused, and his eyes lifted back up to Kylo’s. They were misty and distant again. “Something. . . something hurts. My head. Why does my head hurt?” Kylo’s gaze flicked to the wound on Dameron’s temple, and he felt a startling twinge of guilt even as he wondered why hypnosis had turned Poe into a blathering idiot. Most victims of Kylo’s peculiar skill only answered the questions he put to them. They didn’t just start. . . rambling . “Never mind that,” hissed Kylo. “ Who was waiting on you? Where were they?” “Leia’s men,” Dameron told him. “They were back on the trail, waiting on me. We were going back to the Skywalker Ranch once I had the map.” “Leia,” whispered Kylo. “Unh hunh. Do you know her? She’s very nice. Very strict but very nice.” Dameron nodded, then winced at the pain the movement must have caused in his head. “I’m so sleepy,” he muttered. “They wouldn’t let me sleep. I just want to go to sleep. . . .” “In a minute,” Kylo snapped. “You can sleep in a minute.” He leaned forward, his eyes only a few inches from Dameron’s bloody, handsome face. “Did Leia Solo hire you? Did she hire you to find the map?” “Yes.” Dameron blinked again and tried to focus on Kylo’s face. “You have the most beautiful eyes.” Kylo stared at him. Dameron stared back then mumbled, “Why the bandana though? What’re you hiding? Are you scarred, or. . . or just really ugly?” Kylo hissed, “Quiet.” He tore his eyes away from the other man’s half-closed gaze and looked aside as he wondered what else Dameron might be able to tell him. Nothing, probably, nothing Kylo hadn’t realized as soon as Dameron said the name “Leia.” It’s too late, Kylo thought. If that horse of his really was going back to her men, she probably has the map by now. I’ve failed—because he got to the map first. He looked back into Dameron’s eyes with a furious glare, and the smaller man tried to draw back at the sight of Kylo’s anger. “I’m. . . sure you’re not that ugly,” Dameron offered. “Can I see?” “No!” Kylo snapped. He snatched up the shotgun shell he had dropped and held it up before the lovely, deep brown eyes that were staring up at him with open, innocent curiosity. “You wanted to sleep—so sleep, Poe Dameron.” He spun the shell over his fingertips, and Poe’s gaze followed it. Kylo tamped down his anger and kept his voice to a murmur: “Go to sleep. Rest. Close your eyes and rest.” Dameron’s eyelids fell farther downward, then closed altogether. He wobbled on his knees, and Kylo barely dropped the shell in time to put out an arm and catch the smaller man as Dameron lost his balance and slumped to one side. I should have you him fall, Kylo swore silently as he laid Dameron down in the straw and drew back. Little bastard, throwing himself into other people’s business, just for a few dollars. You don’t know what you’re dealing with, Dameron. Kylo scowled down at the prone man and dropped a hand to the holster on his hip. With a flick of his wrist, Kylo drew his gun and lowered the muzzle to rest on Dameron’s sweaty, dusty forehead. Kylo’s long forefinger rested lightly on the trigger, ready to pull it with a single twitch. And yet, he couldn’t do it. It wasn’t just that Dameron was handsome, or even that he was defenseless. It was something else, a feeling Kylo couldn’t understand. The feeling that Dameron was someone who mattered to him. Kylo lifted his finger from the trigger and holstered his gun, but he remained there for some minutes more, watching Dameron sleep and remembering how the smaller man had felt against his chest as Kylo galloped his horse away from the burning town, and as Poe turned to look back. Kylo hadn’t been able to see Poe’s eyes then, but he could imagine how they looked: full of pain, sorrow, and sympathy. He imagined those eyes looking at Leia Solo that way too. How much did she tell you? Kylo wondered. I should have asked you that . Is that why you did took this job, because you felt sorry for her? Is that why you looked at me with so much hatred? Maybe. Maybe not. Kylo had shot an old man ( an old man I’ve known all my life, he thought, and yet I can’t shoot this stranger ), had ordered an entire town burned, had allowed his men to brutalize Dameron before Kylo questioned him with a hand to his throat. Poe Dameron had more than enough reasons to hate him even if he didn’t know who Kylo really was. A curl of Dameron’s mahogany-colored hair had fallen over his bloodied temple and stuck there. Kylo reached out his gloved hand and hooked his finger around the curl to tug it aside before he hauled himself to his feet and turned away from the unconscious man. Shooting him wouldn’t do me any good now, he thought as he walked to the stable door, where the Dameron’s guards waited outside. The damage is already done. “Stay here,” Kylo muttered to the guards when he passed between them. They nodded, but Kylo hardly noticed. By the time he reached the ranch house, he wasn’t even thinking about Poe Dameron anymore; his mind was already consumed with how to proceed now that he’d lost his chance to track and capture Luke Skywalker. -- To be continued Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Poe woke up, someone was shaking him. Being jostled deepened the ache in his head, and he groaned and tried to swat the person away. Only when he couldn’t move his arms, did Poe remember where he was. “Hey, wake up!” a male voice urged. Poe hauled his eyes open and looked up into the dark face peering down at his. It belonged to the black man he’d noticed in Jakku, the one who had balked at following Kylo Ren’s orders to burn the town. . . and it wasn’t the face Poe had expected to see. “Where’s Ren?” he mumbled. He tried to draw back from the other man but only succeed in squirming a bit on the pile of straw where he was lying. “Oh, thank God,” the other man breathed. “Thought you were—were dead or something.” “No.” Poe raised his head, winced, and dropped it back onto the straw. “Ren wants to see you,” the man told him. He was crouching on the dusty, splintery stable floor in front of Poe, and he rocked back on his heels to look Poe over with a sort of bewildered expression. He muttered, “I’ve gotta get you up.” “Nnugh,” said Poe. He sighed and managed to lift part of his weight up on one elbow; then the other man slid an arm under Poe’s side and righted him so that Poe was left kneeling. Everything hurt, and Poe was grateful when the other man paused to let him get his bearings. “You’re a mess,” the man said. Poe summoned the strength to glare at him, but then changed his mind when he saw the sympathetic expression in the warm brown eyes looking back. “What did he do to you?” “He—” Poe broke off and frowned. “I. . . don’t know. What time is it? Is it morning yet?” The other man frowned too. “It’s past noon.” “Shit,” muttered Poe. “I remember them keeping me up all night. They were asking where—asking me something, beating me when I wouldn’t tell them. Then they just stopped, but they still wouldn’t let me sleep.” He didn’t know why exactly he was telling one of Ren’s own posse all that, but it wasn’t like what had happened to Poe was any big secret. Besides, this guy didn’t seem to pose much of a threat, and talking through it was helping Poe regain his wits. He continued, “Then Ren came in and sent the others away. He—he was. . . .” Poe fell silent. Ren was what ? He couldn’t remember. He had looked into Ren’s eyes, eyes even darker than those of the man watching him now, and he had thought how beautiful they were. Something about Ren’s fingers being beautiful too. But that was all—Poe had no recollection of what Ren had said to him, no memory of going to sleep or of Ren leaving him. “That’s all I remember,” Poe finally admitted. The other man’s full lips turned down in another frown; then he sighed and reached out to grasp each of Poe’s arms. “C’mon, you gotta stand up,” he said. “I’ll help you.” Poe’s cramped legs tingled when blood flowed freely in them as he stood. No, he thought, that’s not a tingle, that’s like riding a cactus . He winced and would have tipped over if his new acquaintance hadn’t steadied him. The other man dropped back to his knees to cut the ropes tying Poe’s ankles so he could walk. “I’ve gotta leave your hands tied, sorry,” the man apologized as he stood back up. He looked Poe over again and sort of dusted some of the straw off him. For some reason, that combined with his earlier “You’re a mess” comment struck Poe as funny, and he chuckled. The other man froze and gave Poe a sideways glance. “Uh, you okay?” That made Poe want to laugh harder, but he restrained himself and shrugged. “I’ve been better. But I didn’t expect to still be alive at this point, so I can’t complain.” The other man took Poe’s arm and led him through the stables out into a painfully bright, sunny afternoon. “I’m kinda surprised myself,” he commented, which didn’t strike Poe as especially cheerful news. -- They passed a couple other men on the way into the ranch house where Poe supposed Kylo Ren was waiting for him. Poe didn’t recognize these others, but they gave him long, hateful looks all the same. Poe’s acquaintance, or caretaker, or whatever he was, took Poe into the kitchen of all places, through a door in the back of the house. The kitchen was large and well-stocked—and something that smelled a lot like stew was simmering in a pot on a wood stove, which reminded Poe that he hadn’t eaten in almost twenty-four hours. His mouth watered, but that only made his parched throat feel even drier. He didn’t have much hope of getting fed, but maybe his new friend, so to speak, would at least let him drink something. “Could I have some water?” Poe asked trying to look as meek and appealing as possible. “Please?” The other man actually cringed. “I’m sorry,” he said, “really. But I can’t. Ren’d kill me, if Miss Phasma didn’t kill me first.” Miss Phasma? Poe wondered, although really there was only one person that could be, unless the posse included a second woman Poe hadn’t seen. “It’s okay,” Poe sighed aloud. “I didn’t expect it.” “Uh, you—you can sit down if you want, though,” the other man offered. He gestured at a ladder-backed chair, but Poe shook his head. “I still don’t have all the feeling back in my legs, so I’d rather stand while I can,” he explained. There was more to it than that, though: standing up rather than sitting gave him the barest chance of defending himself should he be attacked again. Poe shifted his weight from foot to foot and rotated each ankle to increase the blood flow to his feet as much as he could. “Is Ren going to question me again?” Poe asked as he stretched his legs. “I dunno,” the other man shrugged. “He didn’t tell me why he wanted to see you, but I don’t think there’s much more for him to question you about. He already got what he wanted.” Poe froze, one foot extended a few inches above the ground, and stammered, “He. . . did?” As he carefully put his foot back down, he looked at his companion. The other man’s eyes widened, as if he realized he’d said something he shouldn’t, but then he shrugged again. “Yeah. He already sent most of the men out again. ‘Swhy he put me in charge of you, I guess.” “Shit,” Poe breathed a second time. He stared at the flagstones beneath his dusty boots and tried to think through the throb of his headache. Ren got what he wanted, and he sent men out—like he knows where the map is. But I didn’t tell anyone! They asked me, and I wouldn’t tell them. He asked me. He said, “Where is it?” and I told him he didn’t scare me, and then he asked me again, and he—he pulled my hair and grabbed my throat, and then. . . . “What happened to me?” Poe asked in a low voice. “What did he do to me, during that time I can’t remember? And what did I tell him?” “I don’t know!” his companion protested. “Ren didn’t tell me anything—I’m a nobody around here, no one tells me anything.” Poe flicked his eyes up to the other man’s face, and it looked sincere enough. Poe nodded tensely and closed his eyes. He pulled my hair and grabbed my throat. But he didn’t choke me. He let me go again. . . and I was looking at his hands, his long fingers. . . and then— Poe gave a groan of frustration that seemed to move the other man, for he abruptly muttered, “Look, I’m—I’m gonna get you some water, just don’t tell anyone, okay?” “Of course not,” Poe mumbled, opening his eyes again. “Thank you.” The other man looked positively frightened—he was apparently well-trained not to disobey orders—but he turned toward the pump along the back wall of the kitchen. Poe’s heart actually fluttered with excitement, and he marveled at how quickly something so simple as a drink of water became a thing to be delighted over. And then they both heard the sharp, loud clack of boots approaching through the house, coming toward the open inside door of the kitchen, and Poe’s fluttery heart fell like a bird shot out of the sky. A string of Spanish swear words he hadn’t heard since he was a boy in Guatemala raced through his mind, and he wished a thousand horrible deaths on Kylo Ren as the tall, pale man stalked into the room. Poe’s companion jumped and spun around so quickly he nearly lost his balance, and he hurried a few steps away from the pump as if that might hide what he’d been about to do. Ren was still wearing the black bandana, and the eyes peering over it cut from the black man to Poe, then back again. “Out,” Ren muttered with the barest jerk of his head back toward the door he’d come in through. “Yessir,” the man said. Poe looked at him with a pang of what was nearly longing. Maybe the guy was still Poe’s enemy, but he was the only one who’d treated him with respect ever since Poe had been captured, and Poe was sorry to see him go. The other man met Poe’s eyes with an apologetic look; then he slunk out of the room. Poe swallowed, his parched throat protesting, and looked back up at Kylo Ren. The outlaw turned to close the door then faced Poe. “Do you want some water?” he asked. Poe’s mouth actually fell open for a second before he realized it. He shut it with a clack of his teeth and wondered frantically if Ren was just trying to be extra cruel by asking if Poe wanted water, then refusing to give him any. Then, deciding he had nothing to lose either way, Poe nodded. “Yes,” he breathed in little more than a whisper. “Please.” As Ren walked past him, back toward the pump, Poe turned his head to watch. With his lean figure and long limbs, Ren might have even been called graceful if he didn’t stalk so stiffly. Poe still wasn’t sure Ren really intended to give him any water, even when Ren primed the pump with the contents of a dented enamelware pitcher, then pumped fresh water into the vessel. Poe looked away after Ren poured some of the water into a tin cup and started back over to him. Ren stopped about a yard away and said, “Sit down.” Poe almost refused out of his habit of resistance, but then he sat in the ladder-backed chair without making any complaint that could incite Ren and make him change his mind about the water. Poe did look at the other man after that. Ren was holding the cup cradled in his hands—hands that were now gloveless. His fingers were as lovely as Poe might have guessed, long and white, even though a deep scar was gouged into the back of Ren’s right hand. There wasn’t even any dirt under Ren’s fingernails, and Poe suddenly became aware of how filthy he himself must be, smeared with dust and sweat and blood. Ridiculously, he felt ashamed until he told himself that if he was dirty, it was because of Ren, and Poe had no reason to be embarrassed about it. Ren went to him and held the cup to Poe’s chapped, dry lips. That was embarrassing too, but with his hands tied, Poe had no way of holding the cup himself. And even then, Poe half-expected Ren to dash the contents in his face at the last second. But Ren held the cup still and let Poe bend his head awkwardly forward to close his lips over the rim. There was a split in the tin on the edge, and Poe cut his lip on it but didn’t even notice as he drank. He didn’t notice anything but the slight coolness of the water and how it felt first in his mouth, then sliding down his throat. Swallowing hurt, and Poe didn’t care. He gulped two big slurps of water before the level dropped too low for him to get more; then he pressed the rim of the cup down with his mouth to tilt it towards him. Ren snatched the cup away, and Poe nearly fell forward, knocking the cup and sloshing most of what remained on his face and down the front of his shirt. Barely conscious of his actions in his fury at having the water taken away, Poe snarled up at Ren, “Fuck you—” before he aspirated the last of what he was swallowing and dissolved into a coughing fit. By the time Poe finally got his breath again, he had almost as much of his own spit on him as water, as well as a small amount of blood. The two dark red spots soaking into the thighs of his worn jeans startled him, until he felt the sting of his cut lip. Poe drew it into his mouth between his teeth and tongued it; the metallic taste told him where the blood was coming from. “You’re drinking it too fast,” muttered Ren. “You’re gonna make yourself sick. I’ll give you more in a minute.” He set the cup on the kitchen table and pulled a second bandana—also black—out of his back pocket. When he reached for Poe, the smaller man tried to draw back. “Dammit, hold still,” growled Ren. He grasped Poe’s chin with one hand and held the bandana to his bleeding lip with the other. Poe glared up at him with a mixture of confusion and resentment. “What do you want with me?” he demanded, his words slightly muffled by the bandana. What he was really asking was, Why are you being kind to me? He couldn’t reconcile the gentle, albeit gruff, way Ren was treating him with the way the outlaw had acted before. Ren didn’t answer at first. He held the bandana against Poe’s mouth a moment longer, then used it to wipe the water and spit from Poe’s face. “Do you want some more water?” Ren asked. Even after he shoved the bandana back in his pocket, he held Poe’s chin fast. His eyes moved over Poe’s face as if he were looking for something, until Poe nodded. Then Ren let him go and took the cup back to the pump. “What do you want with me?” Poe asked a second time. He heard the squeal of the old pump as Ren worked it. “Do you still want to know where the map is?” Ren finally answered, “I know where the map is. It won’t do me any good now.” It was what Poe had feared, that he had given up his secret even though he couldn’t remember doing it. The second half of what Ren had said gave Poe hope though: It won’t do me any good now . Ren returned to Poe and held the cup to his mouth again. This time Poe drank a moderate amount, slowly. He realized that his headache had lessened a little bit, and he tried again to remember what had happened. I was looking at his hands, his long fingers. He had his gloves on, and I wondered what they looked like bare. They were bare now, and Poe’s eyes dropped to look at them and the way the silvery tin of the cup contrasted with their skin. The shine of the metal reminded him: He was holding a shotgun shell, and he spun it through his fingers, and I watched. I watched. . . and I slept . Poe’s eyes darted back up to Ren’s face, and he hissed, “You hypnotized me.” Ren looked at him mildly, then turned to set the cup back down on the table. “You hypnotized me,” Poe accused again, “and you made me tell you.” “I didn’t have to make you,” Ren observed. “You were quite loquacious.” Poe chose to ignore that and went on, “You didn’t get it though, did you? I got it away from you. So why am I here now?” He glared up at Ren with narrowed eyes. “Why did you even let me live?” “I want to know how you know Leia Solo,” said Ren. Poe blinked. He hadn’t known what sort of answer to expect, but that certainly wasn’t it. “I—I don’t, not really,” Poe stammered. “I needed work and she hired me to track down the map. That’s all.” He studied Ren’s face, noted a vaguely suspicious look there, and taunted, “What, did you think there was some conspiracy at work here? Well there isn’t—she told me all about you, and that was more than enough to make me want to stop you.” “She told you all about me,” repeated Ren. His brows lowered and drew closer together as he glared right back at Poe. “Just what is ‘all about me’?” Poe was getting more and more confused, and between that and the diminishing headache, he couldn’t think of any reason not to answer. “That you own cattle—a lot of cattle—but it wasn’t enough for you,” he muttered. “So you decided you had to control the town too, and everyone in it. You got you a posse together and took what you wanted and threatened or killed whoever got in your way. And when you couldn’t get that last little piece, the Skywalker ranch, you—you killed a defenseless old man and burned down a whole town and had me tortured because you can’t stand it when anyone tells you no!” Poe’s voice had risen to a near shout by the end, as he grew angrier and angrier. His narration had made him realize Ren was just like a spoiled child, demanding to have his way and throwing a tantrum when he couldn’t have it. The difference was that his tantrums were deadly. He’d made Ren angry too, Poe could tell. The tall man’s brown eyes looked nearly black, and they had narrowed to slits above his bandana. But then, to Poe’s amazement, Ren relaxed, and some of the tension went out of his body. “That does sound like what she’d say about me,” Ren observed. Poe stared up at him, then slumped back in the chair with a strained sigh. “So that’s it, that’s all you wanted to know? What, are you gonna shoot me now?” Ren actually rolled his eyes, and the gesture made him seem a little more human. He sighed, “You do have a mouth on you.” “Least you can see my mouth,” Poe grumbled. Then he was hit with another memory: himself asking, “Why the bandana though? What’re you hiding? Are you scarred, or. . . or just really ugly?” Christ, it’s a wonder he didn’t shoot me then, Poe thought as he felt his face flush. What else did I say while he had me under, while I was being so “loquacious”? Ren gazed down at Poe a second; then he lifted a hand to grasp the corner of the bandana pointing downward on his chest. With a jerk, he pulled the black fabric down off his face to hang around his neck. He wasn’t scarred, and he wasn’t ugly. Strange-looking, but not ugly. His nose was large and his mouth wide, but his lips were full and beautiful, as beautiful as— “You have the most beautiful eyes.” Dear God, I told him his eyes were beautiful. If Poe’s face was flushed before, it had to be on fire now as he remembered what he had said just a few hours ago. “So now you see why I cover my face,” said Ren. “What?” Poe said faintly, lifting his gaze from the other man’s mouth to the eyes he’d so admired the night before. Poe had been looking at Ren’s individual features, but now he saw the man’s face as a whole. For some reason, it seemed familiar. “You were right about me being ugly.” “What?” Poe repeated, bewildered. “No, you. . . you aren’t.” “Then why are you staring at me?” Ren muttered. Poe’s eyes moved over his face again. “You. . . you look so familiar,” he finally said. Ren’s eyes widened slightly in a look of surprise, a look almost of fear , and for Poe, everything clicked into place. “I know you,” Poe whispered. “It was a long time ago, but I’ve met you before.” -- To be continued Notes: dun dun DUNNNNNNNNNNN Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the BenPoe Miscellaneous AU series Next Work →