As soon as the door slid shut behind him, Hux released a loud sigh and dropped his shoulders into an exhausted slouch. He kicked off his boots and removed his greatcoat, hanging it neatly on a hook near the door. His quarters here on Starkiller Base were much larger and better furnished than on board the Finalizer ; unfortunate since these days he spent far more time on the ship than planetside. He removed his waist belt, gloves and jacket and folded them over a dark solid oak desk, then opened the top drawer to pull out a thin chrome box with a tidy row of black papered cigarettes inside. This was his one occasional indulgence, one that he had to restrict himself from while on the Finalizer since the smoke and toxins put a strain on the air recycling system. He picked out one cigarette with slim, deft fingers and set it between his lips, then reached for the lighter. It was a small, electronic one with a button on one end that would quickly heat the tip without a flame. Hux held the button down for only a couple of seconds before it was hot enough to melt a hole in the fabric of his clothes, and brought it up to the cigarette in his mouth. Smoke billowed around the room as he exhaled with a small, satisfied sigh. He set the lighter down again – like his own miniature lightsaber, he thought to himself with a humourless huff – and walked over to the double transparasteel doors that opened out to his private balcony. It was late evening and almost totally dark outside, apart from the blinking lights of stations and communication towers littering the mountains in the distance. It was chilly of course; it always was on this snow covered planet, but Hux enjoyed the bracing cold air. The Finalizer and even the interior of Starkiller Base were always stuffy, smelling stale and too much like people. Out here, all he could smell was pine and snow and wet rock. And the cigarette, of course. The contradiction in his simultaneous desire for both fresh air and cigarette smoke didn’t escape him, but he didn’t ponder on it long. As he leaned on the balcony railing, he felt a short vibration in his pocket signifying a message on his personal comm unit. Stifling a groan, he fished it out, expecting to find more reports that needed signing off or another last minute meeting squeezed into tomorrow’s already tight schedule. Instead, he found he had received a personal message. It was from Ren, who was still aboard the Finalizer. Hux. He rolled his eyes at the brevity of the message. For a man who constantly needed attention and affection, Kylo was shockingly bad at communicating his desires. Ren, he replied. Then, deciding he didn’t have the patience to let Kylo awkwardly stumble through pleasantries, he added, What do you want? I’m afraid I’m about to go to bed. It’s been a long day. Just wanted to talk. I’m in bed already. It’s strange being in your bed without you here too. Hux flicked the end of his cigarette with a twitch of annoyance. What are you doing in my bed? Sleep in your own quarters. But I miss you. Ah, there it was. Hux knew that such shameless, unprovoked affection only meant one thing. He couldn’t help but smirk his lips around his cigarette as he typed out his reply. Get a hold of yourself. I haven’t even been gone two full days. Don’t pretend you don’t miss me too. Tell me you’ve been thinking about me. You seem to underestimate just how much work I’ve had to do here. I’ve been far too busy to think about anything else. His reply was a little cold perhaps, but true. Since he had arrived planetside the previous day he had been working non-stop, save for a blessed few hours sleep in the very early morning. The final preparations for the construction of the superweapon were tense. He had to make sure everything went absolutely perfectly; there was no room for error with a weapon of this size. So far things were running according to plan, even if that plan was incredibly stressful and demanding. There would be a few more days of work yet before Hux felt confident enough to leave the base. Kylo’s reply flashed across the screen. Come on, Hux. He could almost hear the whine in Kylo’s voice. Give me something to work with here. By now, Hux’s cigarette had burnt down to a short stub. He flicked it over the balcony onto the rocks below and stepped back inside. Kylo, I truly am exhausted. I don’t have the energy for this tonight. I feel dead on my feet. He cleaned his teeth with a vibrobrush in the refresher as he waited for Kylo’s next message. As expected, he was still persistent. I can help make you feel better. Hux’s fingers fluttered over the keys, typing out a reply. I’m sure you could, but right now all I need is sleep. Don’t take it personally. He stripped down to his underclothes – simple boxer briefs and a tight fitting singlet – and flopped onto the huge bed. A picture? Send me just a couple photos of you and I’ll leave you alone. Promise. Hux sighed, but smiled. If he was honest with himself, he absolutely loved the way Kylo never seemed to get enough of him. Kylo was a needy, demanding brat, but he was his needy, demanding brat damn it, and he shivered at the thought of returning to the Finalizer and punishing him for being so greedy, but then giving him exactly what he wanted anyway. And he couldn’t blame Kylo for being so persistent when he was used to Hux playing hard to get, making Kylo work for it. A photo or two he could manage. He activated the cam on his comm unit and held it above him, snapping a couple shots of his torso and face. He paused, considering. Then he lifted his singlet up and took a few more pictures, making sure to include the things that he knew drove Ren wild – the small, hardened nipples on his chest, the trail of golden hair on his belly, an exposed forearm and a delicate but strong hand with slim fingers which gripped at the hem of his shirt. Finally, he let his hand trail to his cock which was half-hard despite his exhaustion. He grasped at it through the fabric, snapped a couple more pictures, then snuck two fingers down underneath the underwear and pulled, ever so slightly, just enough to reveal the patch of soft fiery hair that grew there. Hux picked out half a dozen of the best pictures and sent them through. He was still so tired, but now he was fairly aroused too. Slowly, sleepily, he rubbed himself under his trunks and waited for Ren’s reply, imagining what he might be doing. It didn’t take long for his next message to come through. Oh. Hux. Gods, you are so beautiful. You’re gorgeous. Thank you. Struggling to keep his eyes open now, he replied, You’re welcome, Kylo. Goodnight. Sleep well, Hux. The comm unit fell to the mattress beside him and Hux was asleep within seconds, cock still in hand and a smile on his face. *** The next day was no more hectic than the last two had been, but Hux was struggling. He had woken up to find that he was hard, leaking with precome, and running rather late. Cursing, he jumped out of bed and hurriedly got dressed and shaved, forsaking his routine morning shower. Combing his hair into place and composing himself in the mirror, he exited his quarters and headed for the board room that held his first meeting of the day, trying to look casual and collected despite the haste of his stride. Miraculously, he made it there just on time. Brushing away salutes and greetings, he took his place at the table and tried to look as though he hadn’t just woken up 10 minutes ago. Fortunately, his presence here was largely a formality and he wouldn’t be expected to provide much input. He checked his comm unit as he waited for the last few stragglers to arrive, some looking even worse than he felt. Everyone was exhausted by this project. There were two or three notifications that required minimal attention – just updates to say that things were still running smoothly. Despite his better judgement, Hux opened up his personal messages folder and read over the previous night’s conversation with Ren. His stomach flipped with waves of arousal as he recalled Ren’s neediness, his desperation, and his gratefulness when Hux finally gave in. He must have really been exhausted last night, he thought to himself, because right now he would do anything to have Kylo here in front of him or even just on the receiving end of a message so he could tell him all the terrible things he wanted to do. His dick and fingers twitched as he imagined what Kylo had done after Hux had fallen asleep. He cursed himself for missing it, and began to imagine ways he could make up for this mistake. It was becoming increasingly harder for him to keep a straight face. “What do you think, General Hux?” Hux was slapped back to reality with the realisation that the meeting had begun, and even worse, that all eyes were on him, waiting for a response. He cleared his throat, taking his time to speak slowly and carefully. “I will defer to the judgement of the specialists in this case, Commander.” It was a safe bet. The man he addressed blinked, perhaps not expecting such a response. That was to be expected though: usually Hux had an opinion on everything. He scolded himself for not paying attention. This project was far too important to mess up because he couldn’t keep his dick under control. Hux tried his best to stay alert for the rest of the meeting, but as it dragged on his resolve began to waver. He really wasn’t needed here anyway; he knew the only reason he was asked for the occasional input was for his own benefit, so he could feel like his opinion was important. The lower ranking officers were good at nothing if not kissing ass. Still, he had to pay attention to make sure that no mistakes slipped under the radar. Hux didn’t trust anyone but himself to oversee the construction of the weapon. If there were ever a problem that resulted in the failure of the project, he would only have himself to blame for putting too much faith in the abilities of others. But still, his mind wandered invariably back to Ren, and it stayed there for most of the day. *** Hux had to fight to restrict himself to a normal pace as he made his way back to his quarters late that night. Before the door had even slid shut behind him, he hastily pulled out his comm unit and flicked it on with shaking fingers, creating a private and secure channel and searching for Kylo’s personal contact, sending a communication request through. He steadied his breathing as he waited for Kylo to pick up the invitation. He didn’t have to wait long. “Hux?” There was audible surprise in Kylo’s voice. Hux very rarely comm’d him directly. “Where are you?” Hux replied impatiently. There was a slight tremble in his voice that he hoped Kylo wouldn’t notice. “In a training room,” came the reply. “Why? Is everything alright? Are you okay?” Hux shivered as he listened to Kylo’s ragged breathing, picturing him covered in sweat and panting from exertion. “Everything’s fine. Just go to your quarters – no – my quarters, and comm me back. Understood?” “Yes, but –“ Hux disconnected before Ren could continue. He placed the unit on his desk and opened the drawer, picked out a cigarette, and lit it with a deep inhale. He needed to calm down. It wouldn’t do to spend himself too quickly. He had been looking forward to this all day and he was going to make the most of it, gods damn it. He sat on the heavy leather chair in front of the desk and waited. Several minutes passed until the unit flashed with an comm request from Ren. Hux grinned and pressed connect. “Hux? Is everything alright? You sounded urgent.” “Don’t worry, everything’s fine. I just thought we could talk a little.” The was a pause from the other man before, in a delightfully confused tone, “Okay…” Hux stood and paced the room slowly, holding the receiver end of the comm unit up to his mouth. “Where are you now?” “In your quarters, like you said. Sitting on your bed.” “Good boy,” Hux cooed. “Lie down.” Hux heard Kylo’s breath hitch as he realized the purpose of this conversation. His next words came out weakly, breathlessly. “I’m lying down.” Hux drew from the cigarette slowly, letting Kylo hear the soft clack of his lips sucking on it and then pulling away. “Tell me Kylo,” he exhaled. “Why did you need those pictures last night?” He caught a soft moan coming through the speaker. “I told you… I missed you.” “And did they help?” “Yes,” Ren sighed. Hux heard the shifting about of fabric, and wondered whether it was the bed sheets or if Kylo was already removing his clothes. “So some mere pictures are enough for you now?” he grinned. “You couldn’t have missed me that much if you can satisfy yourself so easily.” Kylo moaned openly now. “No, Hux. I did miss you, so much. I just… I just take whatever I can get, whatever you’ll give me.” Hux rolled his bottom lip between his teeth, letting his eyes fall shut. “Yes, that’s right. You do.” He stubbed out the cigarette on a chrome ash tray and walked over to his bed, slipping off his jacket and unbuttoning the first few buttons on his shirt. “Tell me then, what did you do with them? The photos.” “I – uhnng – I touched myself while looking at them. I imagined I was there with you, touching you… kissing you… undressing you… making you feel good.” Kylo panted through the words. “Hux…” “I see.” Hux pulled his boots off and lay down on the soft mattress. “You brought yourself off thinking about me?” “Yes.” Kylo’s voice broke beautifully on the word. “Only once?” He unbuckled the claps on his trousers and slid a hand down to finally touch himself, rubbing the precome that had already settled on the tip of his cock around his shaft. “No. Mmmnn – twice.” Hux chuckled in a low voice. “Ah. Normally you’re quite satisfied by one round with me. Maybe you really did miss me after all.” “I did, I do, so much. Believe me, Hux. I want you so badly. I can’t stand it.” “I’ll give you something better tonight, then,” he murmured, almost a whisper. Kylo moaned loudly, choking on his words as he said them. “Gods, Hux. I’m close already.” “Slow down, my sweet boy. I’ve been thinking about this all day and I want to make it last. You wouldn’t want to disappoint me by coming already, would you?” “No,” Kylo panted. “No.” “Good,” Hux soothed. “I’m not there to keep you under control, so you’re going to have to do that yourself. Can I trust you to do that, Kylo?” “Mm-hm,” came the pained reply. “Tell me what you’re doing now, then.” “I’m on the bed. Ngh – it smells like you. I’m touching myself, my cock. Slower now. I’ll make myself last for you.” “Are you fingering yourself?” Hux had settled into a slow rhythm on his own cock now, aware that he would probably tip himself over the edge if he went too fast. He set the comm unit down on the bed beside him and rubbed his free hand up and down his exposed chest, fingers twirling on his nipples, simulating the way Kylo loved to play with them. Kylo’s delicious moans and pants coming through the speaker were making him dizzy and his whole body tingled. “No,” came the reply. “It’s never as good as when you do it.” “Do you still have your clothes on?” “ Ahh – just my singlet and boxers. And socks.” “Take them all off.” There was a shuffling of fabric as Kylo followed instructions. “Okay. They’re off.” “Now, I want you to listen to me and do as I say. Take your free hand and put two fingers in your mouth. Suck them. Get them nice and wet, the way you would for me. Push them down your throat as far as you can. Pretend it’s my cock if you’d like. Don’t stop until they’re soaked completely. I want them as wet as they can possibly get.” He listened in a lightheaded daze as Kylo did just that, purposefully loud so Hux could hear every suck and gulp he made, moaning through closed lips and gasping loudly as he choked himself on his own fingers. Hux drew on memories of Kylo’s wet, warm mouth around his cock, the skilful way he would dart his tongue about even while so filled up he was suffocating. His lips would be red and swollen when Hux pulled him away, strained from sucking so tightly and smeared all over with saliva and precome. Kylo would immediately lean in for more, desperate to keep sucking, unless Hux forcefully grabbed him by the hair and held him in place, teaching him patience. He would hold his gaze as he rested his cock head on those soft, pliant lips and then pushed into his mouth slowly, savouring every inch of Kylo’s beautifully fuckable mouth, watching him squirm and writhe under his stare, not yet permitted to touch himself, eyes silently begging for praise and approval. “Hux,” Kylo’s whimper pulled Hux back to the present, and he became aware that he had been moaning too, quieter than Kylo but no less genuine. “Hux, what next? Tell me what else you want me to do.” Hux’s voice was ragged when he spoke. “I want you to take those fingers and push them inside of you, one at a time. Be gentle, be gentle. You’re always so rough with yourself. Tonight I want you to take it slowly.” He quieted his own movements so he could hear Kylo, uninterrupted. The soft moans and sighs he made sent fresh shivers down Hux’s body, and he had to exercise considerable self-restraint to not thrust up into his hand and come there and then. “Talk to me, Kylo. Tell me what you’re doing, how it feels.” “One finger, just halfway,” he panted. “The way you do it, slowly. And I’m still stroking my cock, slowly too. It’s good. Nng – it’s more than good. I wish it were you though.” “Oh, so do I Kylo. You’ve got me rather worked up over here.” Kylo whimpered and Hux groaned under his breath, trying to steady himself. “Add the second finger.” “Mm-hmm. Ahhh – Hux. Gods, I’m so close. It’s so good.” “Keep it slow, don’t come yet. You’ll have to earn that. You’ll have to beg for it.” “Please, Hux, how much longer? I can’t – mmmngh – I can’t keep – please Hux!” “Tell me again how much you miss me” “So much, Hux, it’s unbearable. Please.” “How much you need me.” He was close, so close, and so was Kylo. He sped up the pace of his hand, pumping his cock hard and fast. “ Ahhh – you know how much. I’m yours, I can’t be without you. I can’t even go two days, gods damn it. I need you Hux, please!” “Come, then,” Hux breathed, more a whisper than anything. “Come for me.” Kylo came, calling Hux’s name and moaning loudly. Hux let go and came too with a choked cry, throwing his head back on the pillow and spilling all over his chest and stomach. Hot come dripped down his sides and stained his open shirt. “Hux?” Kylo whined, breathless, needy as always. “Kylo,” Hux replied with a sigh. They lay wordlessly for a blissful few minutes, listening to the jagged panting of each other’s breaths. Eventually, their breathing stilled and quieted. Hux drifted into a near-sleep, still covered in his own mess, until Kylo broke the silence. “Hux? Are you still there?” “Mm? Yeah. I’m still here.” He hazily sat up and cleaned himself off with his already ruined shirt. “Can we talk?” “About what?” He asked, pulling off his trousers and socks and slipping between the bed sheets. Kylo hesitated a beat. “Anything. Just… tell me about your day?” “It was tedious and exhausting. I’ll only bore you.” “Tell me anyway?” Hux sighed, but he smiled and conceded, talking Kylo through each endured meeting, each filed report, and how he had been thinking about him the entire time. Kylo hummed occasionally, the smile on his face audible in his voice, until Hux realised he had gone quiet. “Kylo?” No response. “Are you awake?” Nothing. Hux smiled and rolled onto his side, wrapping an arm around a spare pillow. It was no substitute for Ren’s body, warm and soft and welcoming. It didn’t have the familiar scent of his skin or the tickle of his long hair against his nose. It didn’t return the embrace. But still, Hux wrapped a protective arm around it and squeezed as he listened to the soothing rhythm of Ren’s deep breaths, pictured him curled up in his favourite position, head on Hux’s shoulder and face buried in the crook of his neck, their legs and fingers intertwined. “Goodnight, Kylo,” he whispered, not wanting to wake him. Hux reached out to disconnect his comm unit from the channel, but as his hand hovered over it he changed his mind. The gentle sounds of Ren sleeping were too much to resist, and he had no fight left in him. Leaving it on for the night wouldn’t do any harm. Ren murmured something unintelligible in response and Hux smiled, burying his face against the pillow and hugging it tightly as he drifted to sleep. Notes: Find my Star Wars blog on tumblr: knights-in-the-sky