Opening your eyes for what felt like the first time in centuries, you had expected to see the pristine white walls of a hospital room, but instead you were greeted with the sight of of blue skies and ranges of tall trees. "Where... Am I?" You questioned, adressing nobody in particular as you sat up with a groan. Shouldn't you have been hospitalized? Your body ached like there was no tomorrow, and the nerves in both of your legs were tingly. Lifting up the hem of your shirt, your eyes widened, the entire left side of your chest was marked with lichtenberg figures. "Holy shit." If you had a mirror, you would've have been horrified to see that they didn't stop there. Part of your face had a few of the figures as well, though they weren't as vibrant in color. Pushing yourself up from the ground, you bit back a whimper. It hurt like hell to move but you couldn't just sit there rotting away. You scanned your surroundings, a sigh escaping your lips upon the discovery that you were completely surrounded by nothing but trees. "Oh joy." You muttered sarcastically, dragging your form along as you began to head east. "Let's see where this takes me." A good fifteen minutes later, you found yourself face to face with a building, seemingly a pub judging from the strange albeit catchy tune that was coming from inside. "Thank God! Maybe someone in there can help me." You continued on towards the front doors, eyeing the various flags that covered part of the building. "That's weird..." Only stopping in your tracks at the sound of explosions ringing out and chuncks of dirt and debris exploding into your face. You don't remember much after that moment, your vision fading in and out with blurs of red and white moving about. The last thing you saw before falling under sleep's spell was the swish of a black cloak. Opening your eyes for the second time that day, you gasped, your body feeling heavier than lead in that moment. Once your eyes became accustomed to the light, you noticed him. Crouched down before you, watching you. "You're finally awake." Chapter 2 Summary: After Kylo has his fun, it's Hux's turn. Was the ginger space nazi actually being sympathetic? Or was he just being a dick as per usual? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The blood in your veins ran cold, a wave of fear washing over your entire being. Who the hell was this guy? And why were you strapped down? "Are you afraid of me?" The baritone voice rang out once more, the voice modulator that accompanied the mask doing it's job flawlessly. You would be lying if you said that you weren't afraid of him. Although you weren't just afraid of the man before you, you were petrified. Your body laid slack against the cool metal, the straps around your wrist were sure to leave marks. Not trusting yourself to speak, you nodded your head to the best of your ability, the strap that ran across your forhead chafing the skin. Once again going silent, he observed the marks that littered your skin, standing to his full height so that he could get a better look of you. "Mind telling me how you got these markings?" You pursed your lips, this guy was incredibly tall. You opened your mouth after a few seconds of silence, your voice sounding foreign. "I was struck...by lightning." You finally managed to squeeze the words out, casting your gaze to the visor, a nervous sweat forming on your brow. He began to pace back and forth, as if calculating the truth behind your words. Stopping directly in front of you, he stared down at you from the visor. He asked, practically yelling at you. "How are you doing it?" You were confused, what could you possibly be doing when you were strapped down. "I don't know what you're talking about, sorry." Apologizing only seemed right, but that seemed to make him even angrier. "Do not play dumb with me, girl." He growled out, clenching and unclenching his gloved hands. "The wall that you put up. Only someone who is skilled with the force would be able to put up something so strong." "What?" You were beyond confused now, his ramblings not helping at all. The wall that you put up? Skilled with the force? Just what the hell was he going on about? He reached to the side, grabbing ahold of the the item that lay dormant at his waist and weilding it in front of him. His thump pressed against a button and the room was suddenly filled with a cracking sound along with the bright color of red. Your eyes grew wide at the sight, following his every move as he all but destroyed the left side of the room in a fit of anger. Sparks flying out into the air but dying down before actually landing. He took one more swing, his breathing ragged and unstable as he moved his thumb, putting the weapon back at his side and turning sharply to face you before storming out of the room. Well, what was left of the room. You stared at the molten metal that dripped from the wall, sizzling as it came into contact with the cool floor below. "W-What the hell was that!?" "I see that you have witnessed one of Kylo's temper tantrums." An accented voice rang out, causing you to cast your gaze to the door. A man stood there, obviously of importance judging from his attire. "No wonder the First Order is suffering from monetary problems." He stepped into the room, walking towards you. The sounds of his boots hitting the floor resounding throughout the room. "Why am I here?" You asked the man, hoping that he was nice enough to provide you with an explanation. His blue eyes locked onto yours as he began to undo the straps around your wrists. "Ren found you out on the battlefield and was kind enough to bring you back to base." Once your hands were free, he stepped back, allowing you to remove the rest of the straps before placing a pair of cuffs around both of your wrists. "Follow me." He turned and left the room. With a sigh you followed after you ginger haired man, looking around the halls as you walked beside him. "What's your name? And if you don't mind telling me, where am I?" "You may address me as General Hux and you are currently aboard the Finalizer." He answered, sounding annoyed with you because you were asking so many questions. Such an insufferable little wretch. Your jaw dropped as you stopped walking, the general's words ringing out in your head. "What a rude thing to say." He stopped, confused as to what you were referring to until he felt the familiar tug in his head. "And it's just as rude for you to invade my mind without my consent." He glared at you, his icy blue eyes glinting in the light. Invade his mind? You looked at him as if he was crazy, accidentally bumping into his backside because you weren't paying attention. "Sorry..." "You will be staying here from now on." He informed you, removing the cuffs from your wrists and entering a code. "I will see to it that a service droid brings you suitable attire, and a meal." He stood off to the side, his hands held behind his back as he watched you. "Go on." "Thanks." You muttered, stepping into the poorly lit room and looking around, taking note of the drab walls and furnishing. "Such a welcoming atmosphere." You stated sarcastically, plopping down on the bed. Notes: So, what'd you guys think? This chapter was slightly longer than the first! I had a lot of fun writing this one ^_^