Damn-eron It was said that pilots knew their own ships inside and out. Though some still relied on technicians for minor repairs, a number of the pilots of the Resistance could offer a helpful hand to such individuals. In fact, the handsome pilot known as Poe Dameron had assisted you on not only his own ship, but a few others as well. He flirted and offered sarcastic remarks to nearly anyone; you had learned early on that he possessed a rather playful personality. You, naturally, found it quite refreshing given the seriousness of war. It was a breath of fresh air, so much so that you always felt your shoulders relaxing the moment you heard his voice. Today had been no different. That playful lilt of his when he said your name, the way he winked a few of the other pilots when they walked by. Even how he seized his bottom lip with his teeth, his eyes ghosting over your frame. It was all familiar to you, all Poe . You raised a single eyebrow when he gestured with a jerk of his head towards one of the buildings. The other times he had acted in this manner, it had been during a meal break. You blinked at him, slowly, although complied with his wishes for you to follow. Poe was only a few steps ahead of you the entire time. Both of you acknowledged your fellow Resistance members when they called out to you, however you found that your mind was too wrapped up in thoughts of what Poe wanted for you to care much about the brief exchanges. After the two of you entered the building, the pilot did not head for the food line as you had expected. Thus your mind further worked itself into a frenzy. You could feel your pulse quickening, your eyes narrowing in slight confusion and your fingers twitching at your sides. Poe ducked into one of the hallways, you mere feet behind him. Down further into the building until the pair of you arrived at a secluded room. “Oh!” you all but shouted, your eyes widening and brows drawing upwards. He had joked about the two of you having sex here before—but it had been a joke, hadn’t it? Noticing your expression, he ran his tongue along his teeth and hovered near the door. Your eyes ran along the couch then returned to him, trailing up to his face. “I… I didn’t realize you were serious.” He chuckled, a sheepish grin crossing his features. That was another thing you liked about Poe Dameron; though he was the best pilot the Resistance had to offer, he well knew humility. “N-not that I… Not that I don’t, uhm, want to.” You could feel blood rushing into your face. Moving from leg to leg, you had dropped your gaze to his chest, unable to meet his eye in your nervousness. “Don’t feel forced,” he said, and you immediately shook your head. Oh, had you thought about touching him. Many times. Though you refused to admit this aloud, you hoped he understood that your desire likely matched his own. Poe at last stepped forward, his hand instantly finding your hip. You gulped down saliva at the feel of him touching you. His other hand, he cupped your chin between forefinger and thumb, gently raising your head so that you once more met his eyes. “A different place?” “N-no. I… I like the idea…of here.” He was being gentle with you, though at the same time his flirtatious advances had not died down completely. The man knew how to use his eyes, his mouth—that smirk, the way it had you imagining what other things he could do with it. Poe bent down, his lips brushing over yours though he did not quite kiss you yet. You released a shuddering breath that created heat between your mouth and his. His lips parted, swallowing that heat and then pressing it to you, his mouth at last sealing atop yours. You moaned, reaching up and winding your arms around his neck. So many times had you pictured kissing him, and yet never had they been this perfect. Reality was, for once, better than a dream. The hand that had been on your chin dropped to your shoulder before making its way down your back. It paused, hooking around you and sliding until he was able to cup your breast. You whimpered into the kiss, which he deepened; his tongue entered your mouth, worming its way around, the man tasting you as you shyly pressed forward as well. He had had chocolate recently, as well as something spicy. It was a delicious mix that you pressing your body up against his. He ground back into you, his arousal growing with every thrust of your hips. The two of you broke apart only to breathe, your eyes and his open, the pair of you drinking in the sight of one another. “You’re…one helluva kisser, Dameron,” you managed between breaths. He chuckled, swooping in for another. You met him halfway, your hands tugging at his shirt. This time when the two of you broke apart, it was so that you could work together to pull his top off of his body. Your eyes once more widened, taking in the sight of his toned abdomen. You started to reach for him, only to have Poe cut you off, his hands gripped the hem of your shirt. You nodded, giving him permission to begin stripping you; stretching your hands up over your head so that he had no issues with it. Then, as his hands rounded you to tackle your bra, you at last touched his stomach. The muscles tensed under your touch before relaxing. You set only the tips of your fingers on him, ghosting up the length of his body to his chest. Poe Dameron swore, a groan escaping him as you drew light circles around his nipples, which were hardening. He nearly tore your bra down the length of your arms, tossing the article of clothing off to the side so that he could grab hold of your chest in full. You moaned, gasping and allowing your head to fall back when he, too, pinched your nipples. The man did not stop there; he hungrily leaned forward and ran his tongue along your left breast before sucking the nipple into his mouth. His teeth clenched gently around the bud before he let it free. This time, you were the one swearing. Your panties were growing wet, and the bulge in his pants was only getting bigger. You dropped down to your knees, your hands and his working open the front of his clothing until you were able to free his cock. You stroked it a few times, licking your lips at the sight of it. “Damn-eron.” He chuckled at your pun, a soft groan leaving him a moment later when you moved forward and ran your tongue along his slit. “Fuck, you’re sweet,” he whispered as you drew him into your mouth. You hummed around him, your eyes lifting towards his face as you began to bob your head. You sucked around him, gathering saliva to help slick him up and make your progress go more smoothly. This time when he bit down on his bottom lip, the sight went straight to your cunt, which clenched around nothing. You cupped his sac, caressing him and hollowing out your cheeks. “Mm. Damn.” You hummed out the two syllables of ‘eron’, and Poe chuckled. “I don’t think…I’ve ever…fuck…laughed…during a blow job.” You pulled off of him with a light pop, salvia connecting your lips to his cock until you flicked out your tongue. “Not insulted at all by it.” The two of you shared a lopsided grin before you wrapped your hand around him, pumping him and sealing your lips around the head of his erection. You swirled your tongue around him, teasing his slit and swallowing as precum began to dribble on your tongue. “My turn,” he grunted, gently nudging at your shoulders with both hands to urge you away. You obliged without complaint. Poe waved towards the couch, suggested that you removed your bottoms with an unspoken promise on the tip of his tongue, and followed you as you did just that. You wiggled your hips a bit as you pushed down your pants and panties at the same time, suddenly naked as the day you were born. You climbed onto the couch, pressing your legs close together as you stared at the man in anticipation. Poe grinned, the pilot setting his hands atop your knees and pushing your legs apart. He hooked them over his arms, turning you and then tugging so that you fell back a bit. The man placed both your limbs over his shoulders, practically diving in. You nearly screamed in ecstasy as the feel of his mouth on you, his tongue expertly drawing figure eights on your clit. Your mouth was hanging open. Panting; it took you only a few seconds to realize you were panting so loudly, gasping and moaning his name between each desperate breath. He groaned, the vibrations causing a delicious tingling to travel through you. That skilled tongue delved into your opening, its owner again moaning as he tasted you. You rocked into him, your hands finding his hair, entangling in his curls. “Mmm….Damn…fuck…Poe!” You could feel your orgasm building, could feel your walls beginning to pulse as his tongue flicked in and out of you. His teeth grazed along your clit, the man kissing at you. Pulling back, letting your arousal die down, only to begin anew. You nearly sobbed when at last your orgasm washed over you. Poe tugged you closer to him, suckling at your cunt, swallowing every drop of your cum that he could. Poe swiped his tongue along his lips, humming in delight as he gathered the last of your juices into his mouth. He started to kiss up the length of your body, at the same time using a single hand to push his pants down further. You cupped his face as he aligned himself with you. His mouth found yours, the man thrusting up into you. You shuddered at the feeling of fullness, your legs pressing towards one another as you sought to lock him there within you. Poe dropped a hand to your hip, caressing up and down. Whispering words your brain was hardly comprehending as he started to move inside of you. “You’re so sweet,” he repeated before his mouth again found yours. You could taste yourself on him, which only spurred you on. Your hands found his shoulders, and you rolled in a way that he knew to allow you to push him onto his back. Poe Dameron chuckled as he stared up at you. His hands were on your hips, holding you as you rode him. “Damn. You’re…amazing.” “Sh…shit… Mmm…Poe,” you moaned out, nearly collapsing atop him as you came a second time. Your pulsating walls tugged his orgasm from him, the man seizing his lower lip so hard you imagined it would start bleeding. You rolled off of him, snuggling against his body when he angled himself to allow you room. “Fuck, that was amazing.” “Told you…nice place for a fuck.” “Shit…” “You can pick next.” “You…uhm…ever—“ “In the X-wing?” he teased, the man perhaps knowing you a bit too well. You brushed back some of your hair, reluctant to answer. “I know the perfect time—when no one’s around…” “If someone does come—“ “I’ll shove you down so no one will see you,” he said with a wink. Between his legs, you knew. You nodded eagerly at the very idea of it.