Episode I Ben Solo Today was a good day. I had just gotten out of a job interview that went extremely well only to later receive a phone call from my bandmate, who was ecstatic as he delivered the news that a big record label had offered to sign on our band. Shortly after the call, I found a crisp twenty dollar bill laying on the sidewalk trapped beneath a thick twig, weakly waving at me for help. Of course, I picked it up, and my grin only continued to grow wider as it seemed as if some outside force was on my side today. For once in my life, I felt like I was in a truly good place. Everything seemed to be going according to plan, and it felt amazing. It seemed as if all of my past suffering had suddenly vanished within the last year. Of course, I hadn't forgotten about the past completely. After all, I still found myself calling my dad occasionally only to go directly to his voicemail to leave a message I knew he'd never hear. He had went missing years ago when I was just budding into a teenager. There had been close to no trace of him, just a puddle of blood on his bed and a broken window. I had been devastated when they decided to call off the investigation, but I knew there was only so much they could do with a lack of evidence. And so, I was sent away to my grandparents as my mother had passed away long ago when I was still a newborn. Eventually, I had come to think of my grandfather as my actual father's replacement up until he mysteriously vanished one night as well, leaving me alone to pick up the pieces once more. It was okay though, I still had my Grandma Amidala to keep me company up until her late passing just before my 21st birthday. I had visited her hospital bed many times and sang old-timey folk songs to her until she, one day, fell asleep and never woke back up. I had lost a lot, but finally, it looked as if the world was giving back to me. The sky seemed blue and cloudless, and success seemed only a few short steps away. I started to believe that maybe God did exist and that there may have been merit to what Grandma Amidala had said about how the lord "giveth and taketh away." Either way, I felt good for the first time in forever. Though, today in particular, despite my luck, I felt just the slightest bit sick. I was experiencing what seemed to be constant dizzy spells, which caused me to stumble and almost trip quite a few times. Often, I'd have to slow down and lean against the closest nearby surface to keep from falling to the ground below. It was rather worrying, but I paid it no mind as I recently learned from a doctor I had somehow developed anemia within the last month. So, needless to say, walking home was a bit of a struggle today. It took almost ten minutes longer due to my constant stopping, which, being the impatient man I am, was quite frustrating. Nevertheless, I didn't let it dull my mood. Nothing could get in my way on this fine evening. I soon arrived home, mentally thanking myself for choosing an apartment on the first floor of the old building so that I wouldn't have to risk climbing up the stairs in my condition. Dropping my stuff by the door and slipping off my shoes, I locked the door behind me and marched my way to the bathroom. Making a beeline to the medicine cabinet, I stopped my outstretched hand short once I noticed something rather strange in the mirror. I ran my fingers gently over the raw-looking skin of my neck, flinching slightly at the stinging sensation. Craning my neck, I inspected the wound more closely, noticing a strange bite mark that seemed to belong to a wild animal of some sort. "What the fuck..?" I whispered to myself, tracing over the teeth marks with a single finger. It stung horribly, and I was rather surprised I hadn't noticed it earlier. The skin closest to the wound was bruised and swollen, surrounding it with a disgusting mixture of purples, blacks, and yellows. The veins seemed very prominent and almost black in color while the wound itself seemed deeply embedded in my neck, exposing the various reds and pinks of my insides. 'Why didn't anyone point this out before?' I wondered to myself, taking out a cotton ball and a bottle of alcohol from the cabinet. I poured a bit of the alcohol onto the cotton ball and proceeded to apply it to the wound, cursing loudly when the pain caused red to blur my vision. I dropped the cotton ball onto the floor and grabbed onto the bathroom countertop firmly, leaning my body forward against it to keep myself from falling backwards. Waiting for the pain to subside and my vision to clear, I stared at myself in the mirror, taking notice for the first time my sickly pale skin. I suddenly felt an unexplainable sense of dread as the pain seemed to travel from my neck up through my skull and down through my torso, legs, and toes. My insides felt like they were on fire, and my vision was gone as quickly as it had returned. Despite my best efforts, my balance was finally lost, and I fell backwards onto my ass, my back landing harshly against the wall behind me. I thought I heard footsteps charging towards me as I stared blindly at the ceiling, swallowing the bile I felt rising in my throat. I wanted to move, but I felt paralyzed, and the pain was almost too much to bear. I gasped desperately for air, but the oxygen seemed to constrict me somehow and set my lungs ablaze. 'Was I dying?' The footsteps finally reached me, and I called out weakly to them before my consciousness finally faded. 'So much for having a good day.' Chapter 2 : Episode II Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben Solo My thoughts. I could hear them clearly now. They were strange and distorted, but definitely there. I felt the fear, the confusion, all of it. It came rushing back to me almost instantly, making my brain pound painfully beneath my skull. 'Where am I?' I thought as my faded consciousness slowly returned to me. I could hear voices, though it was nearly impossible to distinguish between imagination and reality. I blinked for the first time, my vision foggy and uneven as I tried to pinpoint the location of the voices. "Oh Han, you were right. He grew up to be such a lovely young man. It makes me wish we could have changed him earlier, but you know how it is. Children are too small and easy to kill, and I... I just couldn't risk having that happen again." It was a woman's voice. 'Wait... Did she say... Han?' An older woman with warm brown eyes and graying hair hovered above me, gazing down at me with what seemed to be excitement dancing in her eyes. One of her hands was resting on my chest, pressing down gently yet firmly as I coughed. I gagged, blood spluttering forth and dripping slowly down my chin. She gave me a sympathetic smile, her other hand coming up to brush the strands of wet ebony hair out of my face. The blood in my mouth was salty and thick, almost metallic in taste, and while I wanted nothing more at this point than to spit every drop of it in this stranger's face, I strangely began to crave the taste the longer it sat on my tongue, eventually swallowing it much to my disgust. The woman began muttering something that sounded much like a prayer you'd hear at some Catholic church, but the words were lost to me as I felt my body begin to quake violently with each word, the pounding in my head only growing worse with each passing second. As she reached the end of her weird chant, my eyes began to feel as if they were bulging out of their sockets and my throat grew painfully dry. 'What the hell is she doing to me!?' With every ounce of strength left in my body, I forced myself onto my side away from her touch only to meet the face of a man I knew all too well. "D-dad..?" My voice was weak and raspy as I spoke, my arm outstretched towards him in disbelief. He smiled at me, grabbing my hand in his own firm hold. A wave of sickness suddenly overcame me, and I vomited up more blood, crimson pools forming on the floor below as they stained my clothes, hair, and skin. My father pulled out an old handkerchief and wiped the blood from my lips, a serious look on his face as he stared at me for the first time in years. "Ben..." He whispered my name, his hand holding tighter to mine only to have me toss it aside with some of my remaining strength. A surge of anger flowed through me, and I suddenly felt adrenaline pumping through my veins. I jerked upright, away from both of them, my body screaming at me in protest with each strained movement. I looked my father—no, that stranger—in the eye and felt every ounce of self-control I may have had completely dissipate in that moment. "Where the hell have you been for the last fucking decade?!" I hissed at him, weakly pushing my body forward in an attempt to launch at him. He merely scooted backwards a couple of steps away from where my limp body lay. This only succeeded in making me that much more angry. "Tell me why the fuck you left me alone, you god damn coward!" I swung out my hand, wanting so badly to hit him square in the jaw only to have my fist caught by the woman from before. She shook her head at me in disappointment, her soft smile suddenly gone and replaced with a hard stare. I flinched underneath her intense gaze, unable to find the words to speak up again. She sighed exasperatedly, a hint of guilt suddenly washing over her expression for just a moment, "Don't blame your father, son. It wasn't his fault. I chose him to be part of the Belial vampire bloodline while you were still young. I would have taken you too, but at the time, you were much too young to undergo the ritual. You could have died, and we weren't willing to risk it." Disregarding everything she had said, I snatched my hand away from her grip and turned to glare at my father again, tears stinging the corners of my eyes despite my best efforts to suppress them, "Do you realize how many times I called you..? I thought you were dead! You never picked up! Not once!" "What was I supposed to do, son? I listened to every word of your messages, Ben. I was proud of you, but I couldn't just talk to you and say, 'Hey, I was chosen to be a vampire.' You would have never believed me, and if I had stayed around, I might have killed you due to blood thirst. I couldn't just convince you to become one of us. You would've never believed me unless I killed someone in front of you or I attacked you myself. But it's okay now. We've got each other again because Leia was willing to wait for you." He said to me in a soft voice, all too familiar with my outbursts, which made me even angrier. 'How dare he pretend to know me when he missed nearly half of my life!' I felt my jaw tighten and clench as I narrowed my eyes into cold slits, "Who said I even wanted to become a vampire with you? You basically ended my life in its prime and you expect me to forgive you? How fucking selfish could you possibly be—?" "That's enough!" The woman, apparently named Leia, finally shouted, "It doesn't matter what the hell either of you want at this point because your fate is pretty much sealed once the ritual is complete. I'm sorry, Ben, but you'll just have to deal with it and move forward just like your father did. Now, can we please try to be civil here and handle this like a normal family?" My eyes widened upon hearing her last few words. I turned to look at my father incredulously, my glare intensifying as I saw the way his eyes flickered down to the ground, expression clearly expressing the shame he felt. 'I can't believe he'd go so far as to replace my mother with a creature that's not even supposed to exist...' I didn't even bother listening to what they were telling me about our bloodline of vampires or our home, only the important stuff about survival and whatnot. I felt resigned to my fate at this point, not once raising my voice to complain as I adjusted to this new life I already wished would end. Leia and Han later hugged me, expressing to me their happiness to finally be joined by "their son." Yet, all I could feel was an emptiness in the pit of my stomach as I mourned the loss of a life I had finally wanted and welcomed the life of condemnation and loneliness once again. I finally decided that I was right to begin with. Grandma Amidala was wrong. God did not exist, and if he did, he was a cruel bastard. Notes: something you must know about me is that i'm a sucker for angst, so you should probs prepare for a lot of it Chapter 3 : Episode III Notes: quick warning, this chapter includes some violence and blood and gore Ben Solo I collapsed to my knees, my icy skin numb to the feeling of the snow beneath, reminding me of how inhuman I was. The pain in my head and mouth were still faintly present, especially now that I was starving. I felt the three horns in my head slowly stretching my scalp, tugging at my messy hair. My eyes itched as the irises dyed themselves an unearthly shade of violet. Blood dripped from my lips as my fangs forced their way out of the flaps in my gums, tearing at my skin as I still had a difficult time adjusting to the new retractable teeth. I had lived in the Belial nest for close to a month now, and I was slowly becoming used to the ways of my new vampire bloodline. I had learned a lot in my short time there, including the reasons behind the frequent lapses of pain in my head. According to the information Leia and my father had provided me, each vampire bloodline possessed unique traits that were only present in personality and something called "bestial form," which is the form we would take when hungry, feeding, or angry. Currently, I was experiencing just that due to my thirst for blood. However, I was struggling to keep my self-control intact, unwilling to go out and murder an innocent person who just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. I didn't want to hurt anyone. Luke, one of Leia's comrades, who she often referred to as her brother, looked down at my fallen form, shaking his head with sympathy, "You'll need to feed eventually, Ben. If you don't, your body will force you. Might as well get it over with while your sense of control is still there." I lifted my head up to look at him, taking deep breaths in order to help me focus on remaining conscious and in control. He was an older man, face usually hidden by a raggedy old cloak. However, as of now, he wore his hood down, exposing the long graying hairs on his head and chin, his eyes squinting at me through the chilly winter wind. He reminded me a lot of Leia, so much so that I thought they could've been twins, which I suppose in a way, they were, considering they had apparently gone through the ritual of making at the same time with the same master. With a small smile, Luke came to crouch down in front of me, placing a small vial on the ground in between us. It was a test tube containing blood, and I gladly took it with no hesitation, muttering a quick thank you as I popped the top off and downed it like a shot. He watched me curiously as I wiped the blood from my mouth, my bestial form still present. I groaned, knowing full well the vial wouldn't be enough to satiate this awful thirst I felt in my throat. He sighed and patted my head understandingly, careful to avoid my horns as he knew I was still experiencing the beginning stages of growth pains, "I know it's hard, but unfortunately, you need to go find yourself a decent amount of blood. You've been here for a month and yet, you've yet to kill anything. It's not healthy, Ben. Pretty soon you'll lose self-control and go out and kill a child or something without even realizing it." I grimaced, having heard the same lecture from him over five times prior. He chuckled before standing up, outstretching a hand towards me in order to help me up. Reluctantly, I accepted, and he pulled me up from the ground despite having used his weak shriveled up hand, which he had told me was caused by a bite from the first vampire his master had chosen. Every vampire apparently had to follow the Rule of the Three, which was basically a rule in which every vampire was only permitted to choose three humans to change into vampires throughout their lifespan so as not to overwhelm the human population, basically so that there was more food for everyone. Leia and Luke were chosen by the same vampire, named Obi-Wan, who was long dead along with his first choice, the one who had permanently damaged Luke's hand. Both had apparently been beheaded, but other than that, they didn't provide me with much detail as to how exactly that occurred. Either way, I knew my father and I, for whatever reason, were chosen to be part of Leia's three, which meant she could only choose one more, which made me wonder why exactly she had chosen us in the first place. Regardless, with nothing more to say to me, Luke bid me farewell and ran off to go do some scavenging, promising to later teach me a technique that would help me gain better control of my newly acquired fangs. Still uneasy over the thought of actually going out to kill in order to quench this unbearable thirst, I decided I'd go back to the abandoned log cabin I had come to know as my home over the last few weeks. Perhaps I could convince my father to perform a kill for me as a way to ease myself into it, dipping a toe in the water so to speak. I began lightly jogging in the direction of the cabin, the icy winds whipping my ebony hair into my face as I went. The cabin soon came into view, and I came to a halt a few feet before the door, picking up on a scent I had never smelt before. Immediately, I became wary and suspicious, my body tensing up like a deer caught in headlights. Inside, I heard voices, overjoyed and confused voices, one of them familiar as it belonged to none other than Leia. My curiosity getting the better of me, I took a few steps closer to the door, listening intently to the conversation taking place inside. My ears perked up at the sound of my father's voice, confused by the emotions I felt radiating off of him. He was unsure and somewhat uneasy, paranoid even. He spoke in a rushed whisper as if he was guilty of an unspeakable crime, "What do you think you're doing? You used up your last one on some random kid just because he was a pretty face? You don't even know anything about this kid, and besides, this wasn't part of the deal. You only wanted one son. My son. Our son." I felt my brows knit together in confusion as I continued eavesdropping, surprised they'd yet to notice my presence. Leia sighed in what could only be deemed as frustration, raising her voice slightly as she replied, "Yes, yes, I know, and I love Ben, believe me, I do. It's just that... Ben is a bit... special. You know that. He's angry and bitter like some rebellious teenager despite being a twenty-three year old man. He complains and can't even drink blood without getting overemotional about it. He lacks discipline and self-control because I took you away from him too early. Poe, on the other hand, he's nothing like Ben. So, it's like... they balance out. Kind of like on a scale of good and bad? Besides, regarding his personality, he's more like you than Ben could ever be! He's like the son you never had, Han! I swear, you'll grow to love him just as much, if not more than Ben, once he wakes up!" I felt my hands clench into fists at my sides, tiny crescents forming in my palms as my nails dug into the flesh. I felt the anger building up in my chest with each passing moment, only increasing once I felt the pain from my horns shifting upwards on my skull, my fangs pushing out, ready for blood. In an attempt to restrain myself, as if trying to prove Leia wrong, I ran as far as I could from the cabin before I completely lost control of my actions, my thirst for blood becoming too much once the hunger and anger settled in the pit of my stomach. I managed to make it down the hill, where a few fellow Belial stood in a circle, chatting about something I couldn't make out as I bit out one of their throats against my will. The other two stood, staring at me in horror, completely stunned. I knew them. I knew they were innocent bystanders. And yet, in that moment, I couldn't care less what I did because it was futile to fight against my animalistic instincts. They had complete and utter control over my body. I snapped the neck caught between my fangs in half, the poor man's head toppling to the ground as the blood he drained from others earlier that day spurted forth like a weak fountain into my mouth, staining my lips and chin crimson. The others, finally snapping out of their initial shock, prepared to launch at me, only to have me tackle them to the ground in a fit of rage. Their screams filled my ears as I ripped open their abdomens, draining the blood from their bellies before removing their heads like I did to their comrade, thus killing them both. Each of their bodies lay sprawled out in an ironic group of three, surrounded by scarlet snow and their own decapitated heads. My breathing came out slow and shallow as I felt my fangs finally retract back into my gums, my hunger finally satisfied for what seemed like the first time in weeks, because it basically was. I fell to the ground, suppressed sobs wracking my body as I laughed hysterically, tears clouding my vision. 'I just killed three innocent people.' I thought to myself, feeling as if I was going to vomit back up the blood I had drained from each of their bodies. 'But were they really? After all, they were killers just like me, weren't they? Still... That didn't make it right.' My ears suddenly perked up, sensing the presence of another being in close proximity to me. The sound of clapping invaded my ears as I craned my neck in the direction of the sound, my eyes settling on the figure of an unfamiliar man. He was skinny and bald, yet somehow, he managed to intimidate me. I knew he wasn't like me, but at the same time, he was. He was a vampire, that much was for certain, but he was of a different bloodline, a Ba'al vampire if I had to guess considering he hadn't killed me yet. After all, the third bloodline was said to kill merely for fun rather than for survival purposes. I readied myself in case of an attack, but the man merely stared at me, an amused smirk present on his decrepit features. He took a few steps closer, raising his hands up on either side of his head in an offer of peace. He stared at me for a few moments longer, his voice confident and menacing as he spoke, "What's your name, boy?" I eyed him warily, still unsure whether or not I should trust him. Surely, he wouldn't try anything seeing as I just killed three vampires solely from instinct alone. Still, that didn't stop me from panicking and stripping myself of my true identity as I blurted out an alias, answering his question with mock confidence, "Kylo. Kylo Ren." He seemed perplexed for some reason, and for a moment, I wondered if he had caught on to my blatant lie. Whether he did or not, he shrugged it off, gesturing to the bodies littering the ground before us, "You killed three of your own kind all on your own. That's quite a feat." He seemed impressed. "I heard there was a new vampire in the Belial nest, but I never thought such a newbie would be so powerful. Of course, the powers of Belials rely solely on instinct and emotion alone, which seem to be your primary sources of motivation in general. I must say, that is quite impressive for such a young man..." His voice trailed off as he observed the bodies, smirking at the gore. Seeing that smirk gave me chills. "You know, I wouldn't be surprised if the entire nest came after you now. Having such a dangerous member in their ranks is quite a concern. Of course, I know it's not entirely your fault... You were angry, yes?" My eyes widened, surprised, "How did you know?" "I felt your spiritual energy practically bursting with rage. It was kind of hard not to notice... Tell me, son... Do you enjoy it here?" I stared at him, speechless. My thoughts were running wild, and I couldn't think clearly for the life of me. He looked at me as if he expected this, a seemingly sympathetic sigh escaping his lips, "I thought as much. You don't fit in here, that's for certain. The Belial were always too submissive, and you... Why, you're such a passionate young man. I can tell. Got a knack for that sort of thing being the age I am. Well, lucky for you, I'm feeling rather... generous." He gave me an eerie smile before continuing, "Since you can't cut it as a Belial or go back to your normal life, why don't you come along with me and try your hand at being one of the Ba'al? That way, you won't have an entire nest of vampires coming after you... and you'll finally have a place to belong." I tried so hard to think logically before making a decision, yet without even an ounce of hesitation, I stood up to face him, my lips pressed into a tight line. "That's a good boy, Ren. From this day forth, I declare you one of the Ba'al. You will know me as your new master, Snoke." Chapter 4 : Episode IV Summary: We meet our other main character Notes: Whoever's name I put at the beginning of the chapter is the one whose perspective it is in This repeats a bit of the last chapter, so the violence warning still applies (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Armitage Hux It was windy today, which was quite annoying to say the least. The icy winds whipped my usually neat hair in every which direction, rendering the hair gel I risked so much to buy practically useless. I sighed as I balanced myself on a tree branch, making sure I was close enough to the nearby clearing in order to see while also being far enough to remain undetected to passersby. After all, I was dabbling outside of my territory, or at least, that's how the others would see it. The snow underneath my hands and feet felt like nothing as I was numb to its chilling touch, watching as the majority of it fell to the ground beneath with each movement I made. I could see the old wooden cabin clearly from here, frowning as I noticed that it was still occupied by the same Belial as before, only this time with one extra. A man lay unconscious on his backside, body resting on the floor inside, his tan skin growing paler with each passing moment. The other two seemed to be arguing about something I couldn't quite make out from my current distance. My eyes flickered towards the front door, where I had previously noticed a bit of movement in my peripherals. Sure enough, a familiar face came into view. I quickly recognized him as the new-blood I had spotted a month prior. He was a very tall man, lanky in stature, with broad shoulders. His face was an odd mixture of traits, in which he sported a crooked nose and well-defined jawline that somehow could be considered handsome in an untraditional sense of the word. His ebony hair fell into thick wavy curls that stopped short at his shoulders. I observed him curiously, slightly amused by his antics as he stealthily came to lean against an area of the cabin between the front door and one of the few windows, clearly eavesdropping on whatever predicament was occurring inside between the other two. I took note of the three dull horns shifting on his scalp, marveling at how quickly they had already grown over the course of a few weeks. He was clearly hungry for blood, his brows knitting together in confusion as he continued eavesdropping, leaving me to wonder what it was he had heard. Whatever it was, it was evident he was somehow involved, that much was clear from his bothered expression. My eyes wandered from him back to the cabin itself, my lips pressed together into a tight line as I stared at it intently. 'It was strange, the hold this place still had over me.' I shook my thoughts aside, my eyes flickering back towards the young Belial, surprised when he suddenly bolted down the hill at a full sprint. Intrigued, I decided to follow him, ignoring the light buzz of the cellphone in my coat pocket. After all, Snoke could wait a few minutes for a simple text back. I jumped from branch to branch with as much grace as I could manage at such a fast pace, my eyes widening in surprise once I managed to get only a few feet ahead of him. His eyes held a blazing fury, his violet irises practically shrouded in darkness. His fangs were bare and hooked into position, ready for a kill. Even the horns on his head repositioned atop his skull, casting a demonic presence incomparable to any other vampire I had ever seen. I nearly lost my balance and toppled off of a thin branch when he stopped unexpectedly, suddenly lashing out at one of his own kind who just happened to be positioned at the bottom of the hill at the wrong time along with two others. For the first time in a while, I felt completely frozen in place as I watched him snap the poor bystander's head off, launching out at the other two as they attempted to charge him simultaneously. I nearly debated fleeing the scene for a moment in case he decided to sniff me out. After all, it wasn't often I saw a Belial vampire attack another out of pure rage, let alone its own kind. That was the sort of thing Molochs did, not Belial, and nobody ever messed with Molochs. I, of all people, would know how such a situation would turn out. The odds were never in the victim's favor, not even for someone as capable as me. As I stood, transfixed by this familiar stranger, I noticed a figure approaching us in the distance and cursed underneath my breath. Snoke was here, and for the first time, I realized my hands were shaking violently. Whether it was from the gory killings of the Belial or the fact that Snoke had found me outside of the nest once again, I couldn't be too sure. Regardless, I crouched into a squatting position on the branch, watching carefully as Snoke approached the new-blood. The Belial had collapsed onto his knees, his expression contorting into one of pain as he stared down at the crimson snow. He seemed as if he were about to be sick, and for a moment, I felt sympathy for him before I reminded myself of what I had just witnessed him do. Besides, my kind didn't feel sympathy. Sympathy was for the weak of mind, and if there was one thing I was not, it was weak. 'Yet, if that were the truth, why was it that I couldn't bring myself to move?' Snoke spoke to the new-blood with that usual smug manipulative look on his face, the one I had become all too familiar with over the years. I still wanted nothing more than to wipe that damned look off of his face, and just as these thoughts crossed my mind for what seemed like the millionth time, I could've sworn Snoke looked right in my direction, his dark piercing eyes staring directly into mine as if he could see my soul. It made me feel slightly unnerved, and somehow, I knew I was in for some sort of punishment later on when I returned to the nest. For now, however, I chose to disregard that, concentrating solely on what it was they were discussing. It wasn't long before Snoke obviously had him right wherever he wanted him, and I was quite shocked when he suddenly asked the Belial, apparently known as Kylo Ren, to join our ranks. After all, it was something almost completely unheard of, two separate vampire bloodlines joining forces so easily. Secretly, I hoped he would outright refuse and maybe snap my master's neck just as he did to that bystander, but of course, I was disappointed as he silently agreed, his expression now completely unreadable. Frustrated and slightly confused by these turn of events, I bit my lip until I drew blood, not really caring one way or another if it was considered wasteful to bleed. I stared at the two in disbelief, wanting so badly for a powerful Moloch to appear out of the blue and slaughter them both right where they stood. Hands still shaking, I pulled my cellphone out of my pocket, gulping nervously upon seeing the multiple messages lighting up the cracked glass of the screen. I was right about Snoke not being too happy with my running off, yet something in my gut told me there was much worse to come for me. Somehow I had the sneaking suspicion that our newest edition to the Ba'al nest was going to cause me more grief than I could ever begin to imagine. After all, it was quite possible that, while he was more than likely a powerful asset, he was merely a pawn to cover up one of Snoke's many mistakes, just as I was. Notes: js, you'll probs notice that I favor Hux's perspective in this bc he's a key part of the plot and hes my precious ginger bean bun, but yeah a lot of the future chapters are in his pov so ayyyyye leave comments pls bc I love that shit<3 Chapter 5 : Episode V Summary: VAMPIRE INFORMER: THE THREE BLOODLINES Ba'al, The Deceivers consumed by Greed: "Little shall stop [them] once their hearts be set; little will sate their appetite for power. Endowed with charm and wit beyond measure, the Ba'al are rarely weakened by the emotions felt by humankind. In their full bestial form, the Ba'al resemble goblin-like creatures." Moloch, The Fiends born to Destroy: "They do not need reason to kill—it is their preferred pursuit. They are quick to anger and physical power is their greatest weapon. This bloodline considers slaughter a tribute to its ancestors and usually displays a monstrous head, hooves, and claws when in bestial form." Belial, The Tortured Souls that Suffer: "Vampires of this bloodline can fall prey to the same passions with which humankind are beset. The guilt of their ancestors weighs heavily on the shoulders of the Belial, who often become mad with confusion and grief. In their bestial form, the Belial display three horns." *Disclaimer: More or less paraphrased and/or directly quoted from Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen Ones, originally written by Protector Archibald Brooks in the late 1800s and early 1900s. Notes: I wanted to include the little pieces of info in the summary so you guys could kind of understand the traits of all the bloodlines a bit. I really love this book, and I really recommend you get it as it holds very interesting information regarding vampires, not only from this particular myth I'm referencing but also regarding vampires of different cultures as well. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Armitage Hux I didn't return to the nest until well after the moon had risen high above the forest. Instead, I had done a bit of snooping, examining the bodies Kylo Ren had torn to shreds prior to meeting Snoke once they were both a good distance away. I didn't know exactly what it was I was looking for, and as expected, I didn't turn up with much besides a bit of money they had probably looted from a few humans they killed. After all, it was clear they were scavengers, all apparently chosen ones of the same master as it seemed they all reeked of the same scent. For a brief moment, I found myself wondering about the whereabouts of their master and what his reaction would be upon finding out his trio was slaughtered like a herd of sheep by a single new-blood. Then, my thoughts drifted back to the mysterious Kylo Ren as I wondered who he was and why Snoke had taken an interest in him so quickly. After taking what valuables I could find, I fled the scene as quickly as possible, making sure to clean my tracks as best I could. I didn't want to attract unnecessary attention in enemy territory by being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and so, I found myself taking the longer route to the Ba'al campgrounds just to be sure I wasn't being followed. This route in particular was very difficult to traverse without proper training regarding handling the terrain. As far as I knew, Snoke and I, as well as the first of Snoke's chosen ones, were the only ones capable of making it through the path safely in one piece. It took roughly an hour and a half to arrive back to base, the crescent moon peeking over the treetops. As I approached the gate, the guard posted outside raised a hand up in greeting, immediately recognizing me and stepping aside to allow my entry. I wordlessly passed through, not really in the mood to stop and chat, though that wasn't terribly uncommon for me nowadays. I was never one for socializing unless it was absolutely necessary. Regardless, I continued on my path in silence until a young woman stood before me, stopping me in my tracks. Her steely gaze held a cold seriousness about it, short blonde hair seemingly aglow beneath the moonlight. Phasma stared at me expressionless for a few long moments, and I merely nodded my head in understanding, knowing well what she meant without her even having to speak a word. She walked past me then, patting my shoulder as she went as a silent gesture of encouragement. I sighed shakily once she left, adjusting my posture to one of mock confidence, shoulders back and head held high with my back poised in a perfect arch. I brushed past the various vampires swarming the halls as I made my way to Snoke's chambers, mentally preparing myself for whatever punishment he had in store for me. As I came to stand before the large intimidating metal doors of the makeshift throne room, I took one final deep breath before making my way through, immediately wiping my expression clean of any and all emotions. Showing any sign of weakness in front of Snoke would only make my punishment that much more severe, and so I often found myself turning to stoicism as a means of defense. Making my way down the long winding hallway leading up to the chamber, I widened my eyes slightly in surprise as I spotted a familiar mop of ebony curls. I froze in place for a moment, stunned. 'Surely, he wasn't going to try and pit the new-blood against me or something? He wouldn't kill me, would he?' My mind seemed to run a mile a minute as I thought up a multitude of various scenarios, each one seemingly worse than the last. It was only made worse once Snoke caught sight of me, wearing an eerily familiar grin, the same one he wore years before when he chose me. It sent a chill down my spine, but nevertheless, I kept my expression blank, coming to stand beside Kylo Ren before bowing my head slightly in a show of respect. "Master..." I addressed him only to hear him let out a low chuckle. 'That can't be good.' "Hux... You're back. Mind telling me where you were?" He asked, the smug smirk on his lips practically dripping with the toxicity of his tone. It made me want to choke him, but instead, I bit my tongue, trying desperately to restrain myself from making some sort of smart ass comment. I was slightly surprised when he spoke up again, this time with a more level tone, "Well, I suppose it doesn't matter for now." Upon hearing that, I was a bit taken aback. After all, he usually took every opportunity he could to degrade or humiliate me. What was different this time? Was it because Ren was here? "I have a job for you," He said to me, snapping me out of my thoughts. I watched as he gestured over to Ren, my gaze flickering over to look him in the eye for the first time since I had walked in the room. His face was still stained a light red from the blood of his dead brethren, his horns and fangs retracted back into his body, "This is Kylo Ren, my third chosen one." I stared at him, shocked, before turning back to face Snoke, "But Master, the Rule states—," He cut me off with a wave of his hand, annoyance evident in his tone as his deep voice bellowed throughout the hall, "The Rules no longer apply. Finn has betrayed us by denying his bloodline and renouncing his loyalty, and so we took the latest new-blood of the Belial as his replacement. Do you know how bad it looks on me when my chosen refuse to obey?" He looked at me pointedly then, his eyes narrowed into vicious unforgiving slits as he stared down at me, "Kylo Ren will be my new chosen one, and as punishment for your little rebellious antics, my dear boy, you're going to be put in charge of teaching him our ways." Ren stared at me expectantly as I fought desperately to keep my resolve in check, stumbling slightly over my protests, "He's a Belial. They have less control than the Molochs! How do you expect me—," My mouth snapped shut as soon as I saw Snoke clutch onto the edges of the throne's armrests as if he were about to get up. His voice came out in a low hiss as he cut me off once again, "Armitage Hux, my dear boy, must I remind you what happened the last time one of you defied my orders?" Feeling Ren's eyes on me, I felt my cheeks heat up in embarrassment as I slowly shook my head in response to my master, my eyes downcast as I stared at my feet in unspoken shame. In that moment, I wanted nothing more than to cave in on myself and slip into nothingness, away from both of their unrelenting stares. I felt my body tense up upon hearing Snoke's ugly chuckle reverberate throughout the room like a distorted echo. He was clearly amused by my humiliation as usual. My gaze flickered up to meet Ren's for a moment, his expression unreadable as his eyes met mine. "Show Ren to his room." He commanded, waving a dismissive hand, "Surely, you could manage that much, Brend—oh, excuse me—Armitage." He smirked down at me sadistically, taking pleasure in the way my resolve slowly chipped away beneath him. Wordlessly, I motioned for Ren to follow me, excusing myself from my master as I led the new-blood towards the main hallway. Just as I stopped outside the door leading to Finn's old room, the Belial spoke up for the first time that night, his voice deep and slightly raspy, "Are you okay?" A bit surprised, I turned to look at him incredulously, unsure of how to respond as I faced his concerned expression. Unwilling to lose my composure more than I already had that night, I pivoted on my heels, walking away as fast as I could. I refused to be weak. I would never be weak. Especially not in front of the likes of him. Notes: Leave me comments pls, they make my face smile *finger guns* thanks fammmmm Chapter 6 : Episode VI Notes: VAMPIRE INFORMER: SCAVENGERS Scavengers are vampires who go outside the nest to hunt for food, usually storing away the blood they find in any container they can carry, sometimes bringing back whole corpses to reanimate into ghouls or feed on. Some scavengers venture into human territories to gather different necessities, such as clothes, for their nest. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren It had been a week since I had joined the Ba'al, and ever since my first meeting with their leader, I had endured training every day with his second-in-command, Hux. If there was one thing I had learned in the past week, it was that Hux's training was relentless. Even now, my body felt heavier and sorer than I ever thought possible. The man was like a war machine, and it made me wonder if he had attended some sort of military academy, especially considering how strict he was. However, at the same time, I found that extremely difficult to believe judging solely from his prim and proper appearance as well as his naturally slender and delicate frame. He seemed almost... too pretty for me to actually imagine in combat. It seemed like an odd contrast when put into comparison with his tough resolve. After all, even upon first meeting him, he seemed like a rock, emotionless and stone cold, forever analytical and planning his next move. He was definitely a force to be reckoned with, that much was for certain. His training could easily be considered the most intense experience of my entire life by a long shot, even more so than the time I was thrown in the midst of a police investigation after my father had mysteriously vanished in the night. Every day, Hux would march straight into my room and wake me up at the ass crack of dusk with a bullhorn. Then, he would wait exactly fifteen minutes for me to get ready. If I was too slow, he'd leave me behind and go out on his own into the dark and foreboding forest, expecting me to sniff him out myself, sometimes even going so far as to conceal himself in the treetops to issue a surprise attack the precise moment I had my back to him. Other times, he'd somehow manage to carry me out of the base completely unconscious and drop me off at a random location in order to test my survival skills. If I didn't return within a twenty-four hour time period, he'd come looking for me, lecture and punishment always ready along with a few vials of blood as a sort of reward for not getting myself killed, or so he would say. Today, however, was a bit different than most. We were out scavenging together under Snoke's orders as he had decided that it was time Hux eased me into the line of duty. Hux seemed a bit uneasy about the idea of working so closely with me, or perhaps with the idea of working with anyone in general, but he did not object to it. I somewhat understood his initial hesitance, considering that the first time we had met was a bit awkward to say the least. After all, it mostly consisted of Snoke degrading the poor guy directly in front of me, and so naturally, as a result, we weren't exactly on what I'd call casual speaking terms just yet. Nevertheless, here we were walking side-by-side, wading through ankle-deep snow in complete silence. Hux seemed to be drifting off deep into thought beside me, his eyes slightly hooded and downcast to the white snow crunching beneath his footsteps, the tiny ice crystals gathering around his boots. As he was rarely the type to daydream, I found myself wondering what he was thinking about. However, I made no move to ask as I decided it'd be best not to. Instead, I took the time to study his face up-close for the first time as I never really had the chance to really look at him during training or meetings. For whatever reason, I was quite intrigued with him, maybe due to the way he composed himself so well. It was an element I definitely lacked, and it made me somewhat envious of him. Searching his expression for a tiny hint of where his thoughts were, I found myself coming up short as I continued to peer into his face, taking note of his sharp facial features. He had a well-defined jawline and a thin, bulb-shaped nose with full pink lips settled into what could only be deemed as a resting-bitch-face. His ginger hair was swept back neatly as usual with what I assumed was some sort of hair gel, maybe a cream, not a single hair out of place. It reminded me a bit of a red shell. Suddenly, he turned his head to glare pointedly at me, a rosy blush dusting his cheeks as he undoubtedly caught me staring. "Stop that." He spat, his voice surprisingly shaky as he spoke. "Sorry." I blurted out the apology, immediately averting my eyes down to my boots, tensing up slightly as I heard him let out an exasperated sigh. "Ren." He called out to me, my eyes flickering back over to look at him. He pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration, grabbing onto my shoulder to keep me from walking further ahead, "We're going the other way," He announced, his voice low with caution, "I think I sense a small group of Molochs ahead, and I'm not willing to chance running into them, especially not while I have you under my supervision." I felt my eyebrows raise in surprise as I stared at him for a long moment, watching the way his eyes narrowed in suspicion as he glanced in the direction I assumed the Molochs were in. I wondered for a brief moment if he was actually concerned for my safety, taken aback slightly by the idea. After all, this was the same guy that would leave me in unknown territory without my knowledge just to test my wit. He seemed to catch onto what I was thinking almost automatically, sighing once again as he continued, "Listen Ren, I won't have you questioning my training methods right now. I have you under my constant surveillance when I place you under those tests, which is a lot more than Snoke would do for you if he was the one in charge of overseeing it. In a fight, on the other hand, I wouldn't be able to keep my eye on you completely, and if something were to happen to you simply because I couldn't reach you for a second, Snoke would have my head for it, so we're taking the longer route. Don't complain." He spun around to walk in the opposite direction then, his hand falling from my shoulder back down to his side as he walked past with his back to me. Wordlessly, I obeyed, pathetically jogging through the thickness of the snow in order to keep up with him. Once I caught up, I couldn't help but feel like there was more on his mind than a mere safety concern as I fought to keep up with his fast pace. It was strange, really. He seemed almost afraid. He was very mysterious. I couldn't read him properly at all, which made me all that much more curious about him and who he was as a person. I wondered about his past, how he had come to be one of the Ba'al, if he had went willingly or unwillingly. I wondered if he had a family before he was chosen, if he was someone's father or brother, or husband. I wondered how old he really was, if he was centuries old or merely a few decades. There was so little I knew, and yet the same question kept nagging in the back of my mind: how did someone so seemingly powerful come to be under the control of someone like Snoke? What sort of power did Snoke hold over him? There were so many things I wanted to ask him and so many things I would probably never know. So for now, I'd keep my intrigue at a minimum. After seeing the harsh way Snoke had treated him before, I was hesitant to be personally invested in him, or involved with him at all for that matter. Every instinct I had told me to stay away, and yet there was something there I couldn't quite explain. Almost as if I were drawn to him by some sort of magnetic pull. It was strange, and it left an unsettling feeling in the pit of my stomach. I wasn't one for forming relationships of any kind, let alone getting close to someone. After all, it always seemed as if everyone I got even remotely close to would somehow leave me behind, and the idea of that terrified me to no end. And while we weren't exactly the best of pals, Hux was slowly but surely becoming the closest thing I had to a friend in this new life as he was my only constant. I was afraid of getting too close to him, and yet I was dependent on him. It was pathetic. I couldn't allow myself to rely so heavily on him. If I did, I'd surely break. I couldn't let myself be this weak again. Especially not for someone like him, who could care less if I dropped dead the next second. I wouldn't be weak. Never again. Notes: I threw in some references in there that made me giggle, i really hope someone notices them. i'm sorry i'm lame. *FANGer guns* lol get it? fangs? fanger? finger? no? i'm sorry you have to witness this, pls don't leave Chapter 7 : Episode VII Notes: Finn doesn't have an actual surname so I had to improvise lmao (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Stormy Finn Running was all I could do at this point. I had gone too far this time, and I knew there was no chance of forgiveness, especially not from Snoke. He had forced me to do such awful things during my short time spent with him, and I just couldn't take it any longer. I had to escape, no matter the consequences. After all, even if I were to die running at this point, at least I'd die a free spirit. That's definitely more than I could say for either Phasma or Hux, who I unfortunately had to leave behind to take the heat for my absence. God, forgive me, and God, help them. I heard them behind me, groups of them. I knew them once. We were comrades, maybe even friends, family in a sense. However, that no longer held any sort of merit with them. Snoke was their priority, and I was merely the old gum stuck to the bottom of his sneaker, needing to be scraped off. He couldn't have a new-blood in his ranks that wouldn't obey, and thus, it was a necessary precaution to take. I had to be eliminated. My legs were burning, a sensation I didn't think possible for me to experience ever again in this lifetime, especially not as a vampire. We were numb to almost all physical feelings, or so I thought. My thoughts were racing a mile a minute in my mind, and because of it, I could hardly concentrate on the path ahead of me. I felt them closing in on me like a pack of wolves, fear overtaking my senses as I desperately tried to speed up. I heard them cackling in the distance, mocking me, taking pleasure from my pain like the sadists they were. 'I have to get away!' Next thing I knew, I was falling to the ground, a sharp pain pulsating throughout my skull as my brain seemed to rattle in my head. At first, I thought that perhaps I'd been caught, that this would be my final ending. Then, I noticed I was actually sprawled out on top of someone, apparently having rammed into him without even realizing it. It startled me at first because I thought I had tackled down one of my pursuers until I caught a whiff of his scent and realized he was, in fact, not one of the Ba'al. Instead, he was drenched with the scent of a Belial, meaning I had somehow wandered into their territory at some point. Without giving it a second thought, I quickly jumped up onto my feet, harshly grabbing hold of his arm and pulling him up so that we were both standing. I caught him as he stumbled forward a bit, helping him catch his balance. He grimaced, clearly in pain from the collision. Peering into my face, he studied me curiously for a moment, brows knitting together in confusion. Brushing a bit of snow off of him, I blurted out a crappy apology before explaining to him my situation. He seemed skeptical at first, eyebrows raised in disbelief until he heard the shouting of my pursuers in the background. A lopsided grin invaded his expression then as he pat me on the shoulder, taking off at a full sprint, shouting at me to follow. I obeyed, thanking him a million times over. "What's your name, kid?" He shouted over to me as we ran, the Ba'al not far behind. We made a sharp turn to the left through a small briar patch, the thorns ripping away at some of the fabric of my black jeans, leaving a few holes in the areas near my ankles. "The name's Stormy, but most just call me Finn." I called back to him, leaping over a fallen tree trunk as one of the Ba'al, who was now in full-out bestial form, began gaining on me. Without warning, my new ally jumped behind me, landing a kick to the enemy vampire's chest, causing him to stumble and fall flat in the snow. He caught back up to me, matching my pace as he ran by my side, "Finn. I like that," He smirked before continuing, "My name's Poe. The Belial campground is just a little ways ahead―," Two groups of the Ba'al suddenly appeared in our path, ten of them standing side-by-side between a pair of tree trunks. We quickly separated, going in opposite directions in order to go around them. Half went after Poe, the other half after me. I suddenly felt guilty dragging Poe into this and prayed to whatever god was on our side that he was as strong as he appeared. I took to the trees, leaping from branch to branch until, as if by a stroke of luck, a tree fell just as I passed it. It fell on top of a good many of my pursuers, the others that were lucky enough to lag behind in that moment slowing to a halt as their comrades cried out in pain from beneath the dead trunk of the tree. Once I was sure I was safe, I backtracked a bit in order to find Poe, coming up short until I noticed a pool of dark blood staining the formerly white snow, a jacket laying at its edge. I suddenly felt a wave of sickness wash over me as I gazed down at the scene, instantly recognizing the jacket as the one Poe was wearing before. I leapt down from the safety of the treetops to pick it up. Hesitantly, I pulled the jacket over my shoulders, issuing the blood, the only other thing that seemed to be left of him, an honorable salute before trudging gloomily in the direction he had pointed me in before his demise. 'Another person is dead because of me... An innocent person...' I let my face fall into my hands for a moment, a couple of pathetic sobs spilling past my lips as tears stung the corners of my eyes. 'I'm so sorry...' In return for his sacrifice, I decided I would deliver the news of his untimely death to his master myself and bear the consequences. After all, anything was better than dying a slave at the hands of the Ba'al. I just wanted to live, but at this point, was it really worth the struggle? If other people had to die for it? If I had to keep running my entire life for it? If my friends back home were probably catching absolute hell for it? Was I really so selfish? Did I even deserve to be alive anymore? All these thoughts kept swimming around in my head along with the fleeting memory of Poe's face. His strong features. His brown eyes. His dark hair. That person I saw in my mind would no longer roam the Earth, and it was all my fault. I was a monster. "Hey!" Suddenly, I was tackled by a girl. Notes: So yeah, you won't always see Kylo and Hux's perspective in this. The other characters will get a bit of screen time as well as you can see, so ayyyyye finny boy is here. Chapter 8 : Episode VIII Notes: VAMPIRE INFORMER: BELIAL POWER Vampires gain power not only from learning the necessary skills and perfecting them, but also depending on how similar their mind processes function compared to the original Fallen One in their specific bloodline. Unfortunately, while powerful Belial vampires exist, many of them don't live past the third century of their life, often succumbing to mental illness. Belial vampires still hold onto their human empathy very closely, and as a result, they often commit suicide by turning themselves into vampire hunters, who are more than glad to deliver their deaths accordingly. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Armitage Hux The snow was thin now, barely covering the ground completely, patches of white ice crystals littering various spots of the earth as I tread through the forest. It had been an entire two months since I began training Kylo Ren, and begrudgingly, I admitted to myself that he, despite his childlike tendencies, exceeded all of my previous expectations. He was strong-willed and determined, a force to be reckoned with as he could take down nearly all those who opposed him within a few minutes. The only thing he lacked was self-control, which wasn't too terribly uncommon for a young Belial. He rarely lost his temper with me, or at least he knew better than to try, often gritting his teeth until I thought they would crack in an admirable attempt to choke down his words. Often, he'd run off to break something once pushed past his limits, which never ceased to get under my skin as it was a pain in the ass to venture back and forth into human territory in order to replace the equipment he broke. Nevertheless, I usually paid it no mind, or I tried my best not to, as I understood Belials were more likely to succumb to mental illness. Whether I liked it or not, I considered it healthy for him to express his emotions so openly versus keeping it bottled up inside. After all, if the idiot became suicidal and ran off to find a hunter like his oh-so-emo kind usually did, Snoke would more than likely come up with some sort of bullshit story to make it seem like I was the one at fault. And frankly, I wouldn't be able to deal with it. Ren's anger issues, on the other hand, I could deal with, solely because I could somewhat empathize with him. Of course, I'd never tell him that, not out loud. Trudging up the steep path, I squinted my eyes at the sun setting over the hillside, almost eliciting the old cliché vampire hiss before I spotted the familiar mop of ebony curls in the distance. Ren sat on top of a small semi-flat boulder, his knees pulled up to his chest as he gazed off into the forest, lost in his thoughts as he usually was. I let out a small sigh, somewhat relieved he had actually stayed where I'd left him for once. He didn't seem to notice me as I approached, my hand outstretching to knock on one of the three horns perched atop his head. Startled, he jumped away from me to stand on his feet, horns suddenly retracting back into his skull. "Oh, it's just you." He breathed, immediately relaxing his body, shoulders dropping with the release of tension. I rolled my eyes, unimpressed, "You should pay more attention to your surroundings. Any hunter or enemy vampire could have easily ambushed you just now. You're lucky it was me and not some lune." He mimicked my eye roll, resembling a moody teenager as he did so, "Yeah, yeah, whatever, Dad." I scoffed at that, grabbing each of his shoulders to push him down slightly so I could see the top of his head. Running my fingers through his hair, I examined the scarred tissue on his scalp, looking over the red rings where his horns would rip through the skin. "Your horns have grown in nicely," I commented, tracing my finger around one of the scars, "It's finally beginning to scar as well, meaning it won't hurt as much when they push through." I brushed his hair back into place, motioning for him to stand again at his full height. He did so, violet eyes gazing expectantly into my own. Smirking, I pulled out a large thermos, shoving it into his hands. "It's human blood, but it tastes disgusting. Pretty sure the guy was ill." Ren shrugged, popping off the lid of the thermos and taking a whiff of the blood inside. His nose crinkled in disgust, which made me chuckle. Grimacing, he took a few chugs of the thick crimson fluid, hissing once he had finished. Still chuckling, I offered him a napkin so he could wipe the blood from his lips. He took it, shoving the thermos back into my hands as he dabbed at his mouth, sending a glare my way as I stared at him with a smirk plastered on my face. "So, the reason I dragged you out here so early in the evening is because you will be accompanying me into the city." I informed him, watching with amusement as his violet eyes flickered back to their original hazel, widened with surprise. "You're taking me into human territory?" His voice was astonishingly quiet as he spoke, almost inaudible. "Yes, I am. Did you have any concerns?" I asked, already well aware of where this conversation would be going. He seemed to ponder over his words for a moment, eyeing me carefully as if he thought I was testing him somehow. It made me want to praise him somewhat for being so cautious, but I did nothing of the sort as I awaited his response. "It's just that... You always scold me over my lack of control." "Yes. Precisely. That's why you need to learn how to control yourself." I told him, motioning for him to follow me as I began walking in the direction of our destination, "I'll teach you how to handle yourself. Just stay focused on me." I heard his footsteps crunching in the snow behind me, following me wordlessly as always. Blindly. Just like I followed Snoke. I sometimes wondered if the old bastard really held any power over Ren, or if Ren was here simply because he wanted to be. After all, he had the potential to be just as powerful as Snoke, if not more so. I wondered if he even realized how powerful he truly was. Taking a glance over my shoulder at him, I watched as he kicked up a small pile of snow with his boots, a lopsided grin on his face as he did so. There was absolutely no way this overgrown child could be so potentially dangerous, and yet he was just that, more powerful than he would ever know. I smiled bitterly at the thought of it. 'For your sake, Ren, I hope my training will help you gain control over that untapped potential before Snoke gets his hands on it... Hopefully, we won't have to worry about that. Maybe one day, we can be free like Finn.' Notes: I like to include the vampire informers to sort of let you guys know how their way of life works. I really hope they help bc I enjoy writing those as well as this au. (note that some of the informers come from my own spin on the myth and not the original, but in the original, it WAS stated that belial vampires DO turn themselves into hunters in order to be slaughtered, so some of these are accurate depictions of the myth as depicted by the book I am basing this off of, which I mentioned in one of the past notes) but yeah, the reason why kylo is so powerful is basically bc I feel like he fits the characteristics of a belial way too well. he's a true "tortured soul." even though he's not very aware of it at the moment. Chapter 9 : Episode IX Notes: VAMPIRE INFORMER: OCCULTISTS Some Occultists worship the vampire bloodlines, either out of fear or admiration, sometimes both. In return for their dedication, bloodlines will often offer protection to who they consider their allies. However, it does not come without sacrifice. Families that worship the bloodlines will sometimes have to sell their own loved ones, either as food or future new-bloods. The Ba'al are specifically known for making contracts with occult families, in which the family's first born child will be given to the nest as a sign of loyalty. *I now have the full playlist Viccy W. created posted to my YouTube channel, it can be found here: Vamp Wars Playlist (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Armitage Hux As soon as we were within a two-mile radius of the city's vicinity, Ren's horns were slowly beginning to emerge from his skull, his eyes flashing violet almost every time he blinked. He seemed to drag his feet as he walked behind me, making it crystal clear he did not want to be here. Rolling my eyes, I grabbed his hand, yanking him forward. He stumbled slightly, coming to stand beside me as he shot me a glare. "I still don't know if this is a good idea." He told me, biting his lip nervously and rolling it between his teeth. "Don't be such a baby, Ren," I gripped his hand tighter, training my gaze on the path ahead, "This will be good for you." I felt him squeeze my hand lightly, sending a strange fluttery feeling through the pit of my stomach as a warmth I had never felt before began to envelope my hand. I thought about letting go for a moment but made no move to do so as his hand in mine oddly made me feel at ease. Perhaps due to the fact he couldn't escape me as easily like this, making it almost impossible for him to even attempt to do something stupid. I chanced a glance over at him, watching the way his eyes flickered back and forth nervously as well as the way his horns slowly peaked up over his dark hair, barely noticeable but still visible to the attentive eye. I sighed, slowing to a halt. Ren turned to look at me, an eyebrow quirked with curiosity. "Ren," I began, making direct eye contact with him as if to emphasize what I was saying, "When you enter human territory, you have to focus. You cannot let your guard down. When you have a companion, it's easier to direct your attention to your partner, but you have to make sure to focus on every scent except for that of human blood, which can be difficult, especially in larger cities like this, in which all sorts of people are running back and forth from place to place. For now, however, I want you to try to focus on me. Focus on my scent, nothing else, and don't let go of my hand. If at any point you feel you are losing control of yourself, notify me immediately. I won't have you exposing our operations, mistake or otherwise." He nodded his head attentively, swinging our interlocked hands back and forth with a nonchalant look on his face as if it were the most normal thing in the world to him. I felt my breath hitch in my throat as he suddenly drew closer to me, his head coming to rest on my shoulder, horns soon retracting back into his head as he inhaled my scent. 'What the hell is he thinking? Surely, he could've come up with a less intimate way to obtain my scent. He is way too close for this to be considered normal...' After a couple of more moments passed, he pulled away finally, a lopsided grin stretching across his lips as he peered into my face, clearly amused by my flushed features. I wanted to slap him so badly, but fortunately for him, I managed to restrain myself from doing so, instead choosing to trudge on past him, dragging him by his hand onto the nearby pavement just a few blocks away from the main shopping district. Ren was silent throughout most of our trek, which honestly surprised me considering he usually liked to take every golden opportunity possible to annoy the piss out of me. I wasn't complaining, though it did somehow leave me slightly unsatisfied as I had grown accustomed to his stupid antics over our last couple of months together. Wordlessly, I rounded a corner, dragging Ren behind me still. I glanced over my shoulder at him, his eyes immediately meeting my own. I felt that weird fluttery feeling again, and it made me want to puke up my insides as I felt my gaze raking over his body, gulping uncomfortably as I felt my heart beat faster beneath my chest. 'What the actual fuck is wrong with me? Am I ill?' "You okay there, Teach?" He smirked arrogantly, making me want to slap him even more than I had wanted to previously. "Peachy." I snapped, spluttering out a few incoherent curses as he unexpectedly wrapped his arms around my waist from behind, resting his chin against one of my shoulders. "You sure?" He breathed into my ear, making me shudder. 'Damn him. He knows exactly what kind of effect he's been having on me lately, doesn't he? Is it that obvious? I swear, I will slam his head into a brick wall when this is all over and done with.' I broke away from his embrace, clearing my throat awkwardly while I fought to cling onto whatever little bit of composure I had remaining, my tone a warning as I called his name, "Ren." "Hux." He challenged me. I rolled my eyes, forcefully grabbing his hand again and tugging him into a nearby shop, the fluorescent lights blinding me a bit as we walked inside. We were greeted by the stench of incense smoke, green lava lamps lighting up each of the darker corners of the room with an eerie glow. Tacky beaded curtains covered each window and archway, every set a different color from the last. An old register was set up in the corner of the store with a heavyset woman stationed behind the counter, her aged face coated heavily with bright makeup. That smug smirk was still present on Ren's face when I turned to look at him again. Letting out a quiet scoff, I tossed his hand down, sighing in annoyance as he chuckled, "Go introduce yourself to the shopkeeper. She owns the place, and she's an ally of the Ba'al. It'd do you some good to make some friends," He began to open his mouth, but I cut him off before he could speak, "And no, Ren, I don't count." "Damn..." He pretended to mutter to himself, successfully making me roll my eyes at his antics once again. I ushered him off to the register before heading towards one of the many wooden shelves on the opposite side of the store, pulling out a small list from my pocket to see what all I was looking for. As I was scanning the shelves for the items on the list, I noticed Ren in what seemed to be a heated conversation with the shopkeeper, making me furrow my brows in confusion. Just as I was about to walk that way in order to find out what was going on, a small metal rack in the center of the cluttered aisle caught my eye. The rack contained various magazines written by the local university, the latest issue perched at the very top. On the cover of the newest edition was a man that very closely resembled Kylo Ren, cloaked in all black with a guitar in hand. He was standing on a stage, dark hair drenched with sweat as he ran his fingers over the strings of the guitar, no doubt strumming a melody to the crowd below, his lips forming the shape of an "O" as he leaned into a microphone. LOCAL STUDENT AND MUSICIAN ABDUCTED FROM HIS HOME: BEN SOLO MISSING I let my eyes trail over the man on the cover once more, taking note of the ebony curls and hazel eyes, and the various freckles and moles dotting his face. There was absolutely no mistaking it. That was definitely Kylo Ren on the cover. Was his name really Ben Solo? If it was, why was he using an alias? And, more importantly, why wasn't I made aware of this? Surely, Snoke knew, and if he didn't, why wouldn't Ren tell me himself? Did he not trust me? And since when did I care if he did or not? When did he start affecting me this much? I felt sickeningly hurt by this newfound information, and I hated myself for it. Why would I let myself get so heartbroken over something so trivial? The old television set in the corner of the room seemed to want to contribute to my findings as it flickered to a clip of "Ben Solo" singing a cover of some old Sublime song on the news, his old band, ironically named The Knights of Ren, begging for his safe return. I was mesmerized by the images on the screen, the sound of Ren's voice sending chills down my spine. Ren suddenly appeared in front of me then, his eyes wide like saucers as he stared at me, knowing well he'd been caught in whatever act he was playing. I returned his gaze, my stomach churning with a strange mixture of anger and sadness as I stared into those hazel eyes I had grown so familiar with over the past few weeks. 'Why did he make me feel this way? Since when did he have such control over my emotions? I wish it could stop, but Kylo Ren―or Ben Solo―had somehow managed to worm his way into my very mind.' Notes: Tell me what you think bc comments are my life force Follow me on tumblr bc I just now learned how to hyperlink shit: kciel Chapter 10 : Episode X Notes: MAKE SURE TO READ THE NOTES AT THE END OF THIS CHAPTER. THEY ARE IMPORTANT. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren I felt at ease. It was a peculiar feeling. Hux was dragging me down the sidewalk, our fingers entwined. Every now and then, he would glance over his shoulder to get a good look at me, most likely making sure I wouldn't start freaking out over all of the people shuffling past us. Little did he know that my attention was completely concentrated on him as he walked in front of me, his hips sashaying ever so slightly with each step he took. When he looked back at me once again, I made sure to make eye contact with him, smirking a bit when I caught him subtly checking me out, his eyes wandering down my torso. A light blush danced across his cheeks as his eyes traveled back up to meet mine, immediately swiveling his head around to stare straight ahead in order to avoid my gaze. "You okay there, Teach?" I asked playfully, taking note of the way his normally confident stride faltered ever so slightly. "Peachy." He replied sarcastically, spluttering out some sort of gibberish as I snaked my arms around his slender waist from behind, my hands resting just above his belly button as I gently pressed my chin against his shoulder, my lips nearly brushing the shell of his ear. I felt his body tense under my touch, his breath hitched in his throat as I whispered in his ear, "You sure?" I felt him shudder against me before he ripped himself away from my embrace, the air suddenly cold somehow without his body pressed against mine. Clearing his throat in an awkward manner, he turned to glare at me, his eyes narrowed into slits as he called my name in a warning tone, "Ren." "Hux." I challenged back, a grin stretching its way across my lips as I noticed how red his face was. It made him look oddly... cute? That's a word I never thought I'd use to describe him of all people. After all, he was evil. Evil with a capital E. But apparently, evil was a 'cute' look for him. He rolled his eyes at me, forcefully grabbing my hand and yanking me into a nearby store that looked like a drug addict ran the place. It could only be described as sketchy, and I was honestly surprised that such a place was still in business. Though, I guess it didn't shock me too much considering all the different types of people that inhabited the city. Maybe I was being harsh on it as it honestly reminded me of one of the venues my band used to play at when we first started booking gigs. We had no reputation back then, so we would often end up in places just like this. Places with creepy lighting and cluttered surrounds. Tacky décor from the '70s. The whole nine yards. Hux turned around to look at me again, letting out a quiet scoff as I smirked at him. I debated slapping his ass for a short moment in order to piss him off even more but decided against it as I had myself convinced that he would more than likely hit me for it considering his annoyed expression. I frowned slightly as he let go of my hand, suddenly craving his touch. 'What's going on with me? Since when did I get so touchy with him anyway?' "Go introduce yourself to the shopkeeper," He told me, pointing his thumb in the direction of the register where a heavyset dark-skinned woman sat stationed behind a counter, "She owns the place, and she's an ally of the Ba'al. It'd do you some good to make some friends." Just as I was about to make a cheesy comment, he held up his finger, cutting me off as he spoke, "And no, Ren, I don't count." "Damn..." I pretended to mutter to myself, successfully earning myself yet another eye roll from him. As Hux waved me off towards the register, I watched him head in the opposite direction towards one of the many wooden shelves, one of his hands reaching into his back pocket to pull out a small list. I bit my lip in frustration, wishing I could dunk my head in a bucket of iced water to make myself snap out of whatever the hell was going on inside of my mind. 'Am I actually attracted to Hux? Ugh, this can't be good...' Rolling my bottom lip between my teeth nervously, I approached the shopkeeper, still lost in my thoughts when I suddenly heard her gasp loudly. Startled, I looked up at her, her eyes wide behind her large glasses. "Ben Solo?" Her voice was quiet, almost excited as she spoke the name. I recognized her almost immediately. She and her daughter used to come to my shows, her daughter always screaming at the top of her lungs in the front row. My heart was beating fast, unused to hearing that name. It almost seemed taboo to even speak of it now. My reaction came after the initial shock, my finger pressed against my lips as I harshly shushed her, "Listen, please don't call me that. Not here, not ever. It's Kylo Ren now." She raised her thin eyebrows in surprise at that, her mouth opening and immediately snapping shut as I pulled down the collar of my jacket, her dark eyes widening as she noticed the scar on my neck. She nodded in understanding, brows still furrowed in confusion as she studied my face with uncertainty, "There's another one here, yes? I heard two of you walk in. Who is with you right now?" "My partner. Hux." I answered warily, shifting my footing awkwardly. Her old dark eyes seemed to light up with excitement upon hearing that name, a grin stretching across her lips. She leaned over the other side of the counter then, craning her neck in order to spot Hux behind one of the shelves. I followed her gaze, eyes widening once I saw him staring up at a television set, my own voice reverberating throughout the room as I looked up at the familiar faces on the screen. It was my band. "Well, that's just bad luck, kiddo." The woman behind the register seemed to read my thoughts, shooting me a sympathetic smile as I ran past her into the aisle where Hux stood, still gazing up at the TV. 'Shit. Shit. Shit.' I jogged over, slowing to a halt between him and the TV, my eyes focused on his face. He looked back at me, his blue-green eyes expressing so much and so little at the same time. I saw hurt. I saw confusion. I saw anger. And I saw so many other things I couldn't even begin to comprehend. He started to walk away from me, but my hand shot out to grab his, immediately stopping him in his tracks. He snatched his hand away, spinning around to look back at me again, a cold look on his face as his eyes met mine. His voice matched the coldness in his expression, "Anything else you'd like to keep from me? Perhaps your real birthdate?" A wave of guilt ran through me as he spoke, realizing for the first time that Hux had actually trusted me, even if it was only by a short hair. He had trusted me, and I had lied to him. "Hell, if you can lie about something like that, I must be teaching you pretty well, huh? You're really starting to act like one of the Ba'al as far as the deception field goes." He spat, anger fueling an unknown fire in his icy eyes. Without thinking, I wrapped my arms around his waist, pulling him to my chest. He squirmed against me trying to get away, but I only tightened my grip the more he struggled until he finally gave up, resting submissively against me, more than likely waiting for the precise moment he would be able to break away. I wouldn't let him escape though, only ever loosening my grip enough to peer into his face, his eyes glimmering with a strange... fear? I couldn't tell. He was too difficult to read, always managing to keep up his composure even in the toughest of situations. I leaned in close, his head turning away from me, resolve cracking just a little as he stuttered, "Wh-what the hell do you think you're doing, 'Ben Solo?'" "Don't call me that," I said in a low voice, my tone coming out a bit harsher than I intended, "As far as I'm concerned, Ben Solo died the day I was chosen. I became someone completely different after that. However, you should know you're the only one who's been around long enough to know Kylo Ren. We're together every day. You probably know me better than anyone, don't you?" He was quiet as he spoke, sounding almost fragile, "I don't know... Do I?" I stared into his eyes again, desperately trying to read what he was thinking but to no avail. I let my grip on him loosen up even more, hoping to sense some sort of emotion as he tore away from me, but to my surprise, he made no move to. Instead, he let his hands travel up my biceps, coming to rest on either of my shoulders before dropping them reluctantly back down to his sides. Finally peeling myself away from him, I felt his hand shoot out to take mine, leading me back towards the register, his eyes downcast as he squeezed my hand lightly, a strange warmth enveloping me. I smiled at him then, his eyes seeming to light up ever so slightly as I came to walk beside him. "Hux!" The shopkeeper squealed once she saw us approaching, practically jumping over the counter to tackle him into a hug, "I haven't seen you since you were at least nineteen! You never come to visit anymore!" She gushed over him, cupping his face in her hands, making him flush with embarrassment, "You've grown up so much! It seems like just yesterday when your mom was dropping you off here as a little boy!" This caught me by surprise. 'So she used to babysit Hux? Guess that rules out the possibility of him being centuries old. That's kind of a relief.' I turned to look at Hux, a fake polite smile plastered expertly on his face as he spoke with her. His eyes seemed tired as if the conversation itself were beginning to drain the very life out of him. That's when I realized that the shopkeeper had been talking about his mother and that I practically knew close to nothing about Hux's past. He never talked about it, and I started to believe that maybe there was good reason not to, judging solely from the emptiness I saw in his eyes. "You look so much like your father." Pain. I felt pain. I felt it radiating off of Hux in waves. It hurt as if a knife were digging into my insides, violating my organs. This pain was raw and dirty, and it had built up over years and years of pure hatred. It felt heavy like a weight on my shoulders. Why did he feel this way? Was this the effect his past had on him? Is this why he never talked about it? Who is he? What weight is he bearing? I wanted to take away the pain, to hug him even closer than before and to make him blush, and to make him roll his eyes over me being an idiot. I didn't want him to feel this pain. He shouldn't have to bear it. Whatever it was. The intensity of his emotions was crawling beneath my skin, sending waves of chills down my spine. My body was sensitive to emotions because of my bloodline. I wish I could've been chosen by one of the Ba'al, been a part of Snoke's three from the beginning. Maybe then emotions wouldn't have felt like thousands of needles pricking my skin. I wouldn't be so weak-minded. Hux seemed to sense my distress, his hand reaching out to grab mine once again. I suddenly felt at ease. It was a peculiar feeling. Notes: BA'AL RECORDS Name: Armitage Hux Parents: Brendol Hux, Marii Hux Association: Church of the Ba'al Status: 6y/o, AB(-) Payment method: blood oath, paternal Contractor: S.L. Snoke Chapter 11 : Episode XI Summary: VAMPIRE INFORMER: GHOULS Each bloodline has the ability to reanimate corpses. Once the corpse is reanimated, it is referred to as a ghoul and is subjected to an eternal life of servitude unless its master no longer has use for it. Ghouls do not need to be human; animals can be ghouls too. While they are unable to speak properly and are often viewed as mindless slaves, they usually exhibit strong attachments to their masters, making them the most loyal followers of vamp-kind. Some bloodlines find ghouls to be useless while others misuse them. For example, the Molochs often use their ghouls as punching bags more so than servants, while the Ba'al just find mindless beings useless in general. The Belials, on the other hand, treat ghouls much like cherished pets and often reanimate corpses out of sympathy or simply due to loneliness and the wish for a lifelong companion. Some vampires have even been known to reanimate corpses for relationship purposes, though some nests view it as taboo. Notes: I am so sorry I haven't updated in a while. I was really busy with school bc I am in college. Plus, I have a bf now, so yeah. ;-; Stormy Finn A girl had tackled me to the ground, her nails digging into my skin as she pinned me down by the shoulders. Her brown hair fell into her face slightly, the rest of it tied back into a loose ponytail. As of right now, her eyes were violet, staring down at me with furrowed brows. Her arms were toned slightly as she was very fit, but she wore nothing but rags, a telltale sign that she was one of the Belial as they rarely interfered with humans and therefore, didn't bother venturing into their territory for supplies. Another girl stood in the distance, a young one, who, in appearance, looked not a day over the age of fifteen. Ginger hair fell down her delicate shoulders, her body frail and small. Her eyes were gray and glossy, her lips tinged with a light blue from lack of oxygen in her system. Red marks littered her neck, a sign that she had been strangled to death, this reanimated corpse all that was left of her. "Where did you get that jacket? This ghoul says it belongs to her master." The girl on top of me spat in my face, her eyes a violet fury. She pressed a knife against my neck when it took me a second too long to answer, a wave of panic washing through me as I looked up at her, wide-eyed and terrified. The ghoul was staring me down with its cold dead eyes, limping over to stand beside my restrained body. I wanted to scream, but I didn't as the girl's words finally sunk into my mind. The ghoul said that the jacket belonged to her master. This was Poe's jacket. That was Poe's ghoul. "Wait..." I breathed out shakily, gulping nervously as the metal of the knife lightly brushed the skin of my neck, "She belongs to Poe?" The ghoul's eyes seemed to light up somehow at the mention of his name, a hopeful glimmer present in the highlights of her irises as if Poe's very existence brightened up her undead life. A wave of guilt rushed through me at the thought of it. In just a moment, that glimmer of hope in her eyes would be long gone as I recounted the tale of how I singlehandedly destroyed her creator by dragging him into a fight that had absolutely nothing to do with him. It was my fault he was dead, and now others would suffer because of my selfish desire to escape the life I had before. "Poe is dead..." I muttered in shame, my voice a mournful whisper, "He died trying to save me from a group of Ba'al. This jacket was all that was left of him." The ghoul let out a groan of sorrow, collapsing to its knees in the snow with a quiet thud. The girl on top of me relented, her eyes flashing back to their natural hazel. She shot me a sympathetic look as she crawled off of me, offering me a hand in order to help me up. I accepted it, pulling myself up to stand in front of her. She looked over at her undead friend, a frown on her face as she watched the ghoul mourn the loss of its master. "I'm sorry... I wish I could have done something to save him." I told them honestly, my eyes downcast to the white ground beneath. The brown-haired girl let out a sigh, tightening her ponytail as she spoke, "There's nothing you could have done in that situation, I'm sure. Those damn Ba'al are merciless. In all honesty, you're probably lucky that Poe showed up when he did." 'Wait... Does she think I am one of the Belial? She must be a new-blood if she can't pick up the scent of my bloodline.' "Uh... Yeah, I guess. Um, I hope you don't mind my asking, but what is your name again? I don't think I've seen you around before." The Ba'al tended to stalk and document new-bloods from each bloodline, so for me to have not heard of her, she had to have been one of the newer ones, like Poe had been. I wonder if Hux even knew about this girl yet. He was usually the one Snoke sent into enemy territories, yet a small part of me hoped that, for her sake, nobody knew about her. She seemed to hold potential, a lot of it. Someone like Snoke would kill to get his hands on someone like her, a new-blood who could tackle down a top-ranked vampire without even blinking an eye. "The name's Rey." She told me, offering me an apologetic smile and an outstretched hand, "What's yours?" I took her hand in mine, giving it a firm shake, "Finn. My name is Finn." Suddenly, we heard a pair of voices shouting at us from a distance. The two who had managed to avoid the falling tree trunk from before. I groaned internally as Rey brought her knife back out, positioning her legs into a fighting stance. I was somewhat glad we were at an even number, or at least I was until another one, one of the five that had followed Poe earlier, came out of the shadows to assist his pals. Each one of them were in bestial form with pointed ears and gray skin, sharp claws pointed in our direction as their blackened veins seemed to protrude from their skin. Rey gave me a look, and I somehow understood as I marched over and pulled the ghoul onto my back, carrying her piggy-back style. Rey pulled out a couple of throwing daggers from a pouch on the side of her belt, shouting at me to run as she tossed three of the daggers in our enemies' direction, one of them landing a direct hit through the middle one's shoulder, earning us a hiss of pain. We took off in the direction of what I could only assume was the path to the Belial campground, Rey picking up sticks and tossing them back at the three Ba'al until one of them stumbled and fell, another one following suit and collapsing on top of the first. I couldn't help but let out a howl of laughter as the two fell flat into the snow, the third of them quick to back off as he seemed to get the memo that Rey was not to be messed with. Soon, we had arrived to the Belial campground, where I gently set down the ghoul, whose name I later learned was BB. Rey and I exchanged a quick high five as we continued giggling over our less-than-grand triumph, our laughter only dying down once we realized we were surrounded by other Belials, who weren't exactly giving me friendly looks. An older-looking woman shoved her way through the front of the crowd, her eyes narrowed into icy slits as she eyed the jacket wrapped around my shoulders. 'Looks like I found Poe's master.' I was surprised to learn that it was Leia, leader of the Belial. Chapter 12 : Episode XII Gwendoline Phasma It was just another day. Another routine. Another training session. Another patrol around the base. Another normal, anticlimactic day. Needless to say, I was bored. I patrolled this base nearly every single day since its construction. However, just a decade or two ago, Hux used to assist me, practically jumping at any opportunity he could find to escape his training, if even for just a little while. We would split the job half-and-half, Hux patrolling the outside while I patrolled the inside. But, the duty was now left completely in my hands as Snoke had believed it to be interfering with Hux's training way back when. Luckily, I was soon put in charge of overseeing the training of all Ba'al scavengers as well as a few of the elite scouts, with the exception of Hux understandably. Because of this, I could have easily pawned off my patrol duty to any one of them if I had ever chosen to do so. But I never did. While I had full confidence in each of my trainees, they were unfortunately just that―trainees. If they were to encounter a powerful enemy lurking on base, they could possibly be overwhelmed by an element of surprise, in which there is the possibility of a slow reaction time and therefore, they would be overpowered in an instant, specifically if said trainee was one of the new-bloods who had yet to experience true combat up close and personal. Plus, there was also the fact that I simply didn't trust any of them to take this task seriously, especially after Finn had turned against us. I had trained Finn myself, and I had entrusted him with too much power as I wrongfully believed I could trust him. I had been punished for the first time that day, right after Finn had renounced his loyalty to the Ba'al. Snoke had been furious. After all, Finn was his final chosen one by the Rule of the Three, one of his best as well, despite his disobedience. Snoke had blamed me wholly for his rebellious nature, gathering what he deemed as evidence from the times Hux and I would work together so that he could catch a break from training. As a result, he gave me a nasty gash across the back from the Ba'al bloodline's sacred weapon, leaving a deep scar in its wake, one that traced all the way from my left shoulder blade down to my lower back. He claimed he would have done worse had he not held a soft spot for me in particular. I was the first one he chose for a reason, he told me, but mistakes still had to be punished. I would be lying if I said I did not resent him for it, but I would often remind myself, perhaps in an act to keep my sanity intact, that my loyalty did not lie with him. Instead, it lay within my bloodline. I was lost deep in these thoughts as I rounded a corner, immediately backtracking once I caught sight of Hux and Ren in what looked to be a private conversation, their voices hushed. Hux rolled his eyes at Ren, his lips quirking up in a playful smirk as he shoved him lightly, making the other stumble backwards. Ren caught his balance, a lopsided grin on his face as he ran up behind Hux, grabbing him around the waist and beneath the knees, successfully lifting him up bridal style. I raised my eyebrows in surprise as I watched Hux's face turn beet red. He struggled desperately to get out of Ren's grasp, muttering what sounded like a few curses until the other man finally set him down, a cheeky grin on his face. Hux landed a light slap on the other's chest, shooting him a glare as he jabbed his thumb in the direction of the room behind him, more than likely ordering Ren to get ready for tonight's training session. Ren looked at him with a pouty expression then, and to my surprise, Hux gave him a sigh and a small pat on the shoulder. No. No screaming. No cursing. A pat. Hux gave Ren a pat. On the shoulder. Once Ren had left, Hux sat on a nearby bench, fiddling with the gun he kept in the holster on his belt. I came out of hiding then, coming to stand in front of my friend. He seemed lost in thought, not even acknowledging my presence until I cleared my throat rather loudly, startling him. He looked up at me, confused, as if he had just noticed me standing in front of him for the first time. I rolled my eyes, unimpressed as I looked down at him. "What are you doing?" I asked, an eyebrow quirked up curiously. He replaced his gun back into its holster, standing up to look at me, his expression as stoic as ever despite having seen him flustered in Ren's arms just moments before, "I'm taking Ren with me on a scouting mission. There has been talk of a small brigade of rebel Molochs basing their order of operations on Ba'al territory, just outside of city limits. I am to investigate this theory and report my findings back to our master." I nodded my head slowly, studying his face for any hint of where his thoughts were. He was acting more like himself now as far as his demeanor went, but I was somewhat surprised. It wasn't like Hux to volunteer to work with someone else for a scouting mission. In fact, he usually did everything in his power to avoid doing so, even if it meant his partner getting into "an accident." "Does Snoke know about this? About Ren accompanying you, I mean?" I asked him, my eyes widening as he turned away from me, "You know how Snoke can be when it comes to that Belial. If Snoke finds out―." "Which is why he won't." The redhead quipped, spinning back around to face me, "He put me in charge of Ren. If I want him to accompany me on a simple mission that may very well be a waste of our time to begin with, then no harm done." I was outright shocked now, to the point of where I was pretty much speechless. Hux? Defying Snoke? It was unheard of. Unnatural, even. I tried to reason with him, "Hux, with all due respect, you know very well the consequences at hand. If something goes wrong on this mission―." "It won't." His voice was quiet, his eyes downcast. Something was wrong with him. I could feel it. What was different? I wanted to ask, but I couldn't. So instead, I asked the first thing that came to mind. "What's going on with you and Ren?" "He looked back up at me, his eyes wide with surprise, "What do you mean?" "You and Ren. You've been acting really close lately." I mused, noting the way his body tensed up. He scoffed, waving a hand in dismissal, "You don't know what you're talking about." "Hux, he hugs you. I can barely touch your shoulder without you freaking out and lathering yourself up with hand-sanitizer, and I've known you since you were a child." "Well―," He began, only to cut himself off as Ren reentered the hall, cloaked in all black. Ren looked between the two of us, quirking up a curious eyebrow at Hux, who shook his head in response, a light blush dusting his cheeks. Coming to stand by the redhead's side, Ren offered me a polite nod, handing Hux his black greatcoat. Hux accepted it, tossing it over his shoulder as he shot me a glare that could only mean, 'Shut your damn mouth.' I smirked as they walked past me, feeling much like an older sister who had just dug up a bunch of dirt on her baby brother. I said nothing about it, of course, not even when Snoke asked me where Kylo Ren had run off to. After all, my loyalty didn't lie with Snoke. It lay within my bloodline, and while Ren wasn't necessarily a part of that, Hux and I shared a bond only explainable through the blood Snoke had embedded in the both of us. I wasn't loyal to any one person, but as it seemed we were practically related by blood, I suppose Armitage Hux could be considered my only exception. Notes: pls leave me feedback before you go so I can feel special. I worked really hard on this. like literal months. updates will come frequently up until chapter 20. ye, this one's a long one lmao, so buckle your seatbelts and grab your tissues. follow my tumblr and fangirl with me pls: kciel.tumblr.com *finger guns* thank you, thank you very much