Prologue “Snoke is using you for your power. When he gets what he wants, he’ll crush you. You know it’s true.” The two men on the bridge across the oscillator stare at each other. “It’s too late,” the younger man says mulishly but his voice is not entirely steady. “No, it’s not. Leave here with me. Come home. We miss you.” The other man’s weathered face shows a mix of sorrow, concern and a dash of hope as he walks up to the younger man. Tears well up in the young man’s eyes. He blinks them away, seems angry at himself for such an untimely display of unwanted emotion. “I’m being torn apart,” he says. “I want to be free of this pain. I know what I have to do but I don’t know if I have the strength to do it. Will you help me?” The older man doesn’t waver. “Yes. Anything.” His voice is firm and his gaze is calm as he watches the young man remove his lightsabre from his belt and offer it to him. He takes it and something like uncertainty darts across his face. It’s gone in a heartbeat and he grips the weapon’s hilt. Their eyes lock. The younger man’s lower lip trembles, he blinks some more but doesn’t let go of the weapon. They look at each other for what seems like an eternity. Then, in a split second, a decision is made. The older man gives an almost imperceptible nod and allows the lightsabre to be yanked out of his hand. “Run,” the young man hisses and ignites the weapon. “Run!” The other man staggers back. His eyes widen but then he nods and without another word turns around and flees. Something hits the young man and he falters, clutching his side. There’s blood on his glove. He falls to his knees and looks up. Above him, on a rail, stands a Wookiee, howling, mad with rage. He must have fired the second the lightsabre powered up. “He’s alive, you stupid shit,” the man shouts. The Wookiee waves his bowcaster, giving a triumphant yodel. The man still understands enough of his language to catch the meaning. “So are you.” Kylo Ren gets to his feet, fuming. He let his father go but he will get the girl. He will not fail his master twice. Chapter 2 Hux stands before the larger than life holo transmission of Snoke who eyes him with barely concealed disdain. He swallows uneasily but there’s no way around it. “Supreme Leader, the fuel cells have ruptured. The collapse of the planet has begun.” “Leave the base at once and come to me with Kylo Ren. It is time… to complete his training.” Hux gives a brisk nod. “Yes, Supreme Leader.” He turns on his heels and heads for the exit but before he reaches it, he’s Force-held in place. “General,” the voice is uncomfortably close, “I trust you won’t fail me a second time.” “No, Supreme Leader,” he manages. It comes out as a croak and he hates himself for it. “Good. Now go.” The instant his body is his own to command, he all but bolts from the room. Despite the tracker attached to his belt, Kylo Ren is harder to find than expected. Not only are the comm signals disrupted but the planet’s imminent collapse is making it difficult to navigate the shuttle. There’s rifts opening beneath them, causing avalanches, there’s trees not falling but flying around everywhere and the wind is building up to soon become a storm. It’s an image of utter and irrevocable destruction, exceedingly painful to watch. Hux had such grand plans for this place, has hoped to achieve something truly great on and with Starkiller and now it’s all falling apart. With some effort, he suppresses a sigh, averts his gaze and schools his features into an impassive mask. This is neither the time nor the place for retrospection or regret. He has a mission to complete, and complete it he will. For a while he listens to the multilingual swearing coming from the cockpit but when it won’t stop, he unbuckles and gets out of his seat. He does share the pilot’s sentiments, he really does. He’s had to fight a strong urge to do some serious swearing himself ever since he’s buckled himself into the shuttle’s passenger seat but he cannot allow discipline to slip, and so he makes his way to the bow where the pilot is seated. The bumpy ride makes it near impossible to maintain his usual straight-backed posture but at least he doesn’t lose his balance. “Remember who you are, soldier,” he says icily. “You have your orders. You can complain all you want after Lord Ren has been delivered to the Supreme Leader. Until then, do as you’re told and do it silently!” “Sir,” the pilot acknowledges, her eyes not leaving her instruments. Hux shoots her one last glare, then heads back to his seat. He fastens his seatbelts and stares straight ahead, careful not to move a single muscle in his face, well aware that he’s being closely watched by the Stormtroopers assigned to carry this task out with him. This whole mess is all Ren’s fault. Well, maybe not all of it but he’s sure played a major role in this epic failure. What’s so hard about finding one kriffing droid? But no, he comes back with some scavenger girl. Because she’s seen the map. He suppresses a snort. What good is that, compared to a droid whose memory’s been fed the exact data they need? Has he seriously expected to extract it from her brain with that Force of his? And not only has he failed to do that, no, he’s let her escape, too. And now it’s up to him to retrieve Snoke’s pet. Pick up the pieces, as usual. Splendid. Just splendid. “Sir, we have a signal,” comes a voice from the second shuttle, interrupting his moment of self-pity. “Sending coordinates now.” “Roger,” the pilot says. “Got it. Approaching target. Sir?” “Proceed,” Hux orders. “The sooner we find him, the sooner we can leave.” “Aye sir.” Finally. He exhales. Pick up Ren, get the fuck away from Starkiller. They find Ren lying near a rift. He’s unconscious and badly wounded, but he’s alive and that’s what counts for now. His lightsabre is nowhere near in sight. Hux notices at once because Ren never goes anywhere without that thing clipped to his belt. He probably sleeps with it, too. “You two, NH-2311 and PH-1970,” he says, pointing at two troopers who have advanced medical training, “get the stretcher at once and bring the medkit, too. Lord Ren’s health and safety are of paramount importance. Hurry!” He then signals for a third trooper, WI-1313, to accompany him while he goes looking for Ren’s lightsabre. If the thing gets lost, the collapse of Starkiller will be nothing compared to the temper tantrum Ren will have when he finds out. Hopefully it hasn’t fallen into the rift, and hopefully they’ll find it soon because there is not much time left. Pulling his command cap down and pushing the collar of his greatcoat up, he starts trudging through the snow, his torchlight providing just enough light to see what’s directly before his feet. He soon loses sight of WI-1313. His patience, of which there is not an awful lot left, is beginning to wear even thinner when--there! The bloody sabre is stuck at an impossible angle between the roots of an overthrown tree. Of course it would be stuck. It’s Ren’s. Why would anything concerning him be easy? Hux gets on his toes to get a better look at the thing and how best to grab for it. He has never really looked at it from up close and sure as kark doesn’t want to end up at the wrong side of it, so he’ll have to be extra careful. No sudden movements, no violent pulling. He puts the torchlight between his teeth and with a bit of careful jiggling and some foul language--unintelligibly sputtered around the torch in his mouth but heartfelt nevertheless--the sabre comes free and he fastens it to his belt, relieved. “Weapon secured,” he says into his comm link. “Returning to shuttle. Prepare for immediate take-off.” There’s no reply, only some static noise which is probably due to Starkiller’s failing infrastructure but when he returns to the shuttles’ coordinates, there is… nothing. No shuttles. No troopers. No stretcher. Only the motionless shape of Kylo Ren who appears to be still unconscious. Some sort of small trunk has been dumped on the ground next to him. “What the-–,” Hux starts and looks up to the sky. Above the trees and definitely not headed his direction are the lights of two shuttles, getting smaller and smaller the farther they disappear into the darkness. “What the bloody buggering fucking fuck ?” He opens the comm line. “What is going on? Report at once!” More static. “NH-2311. PH-1970. What’s happening? Over.” The static dies. All he hears is the sound of a planet falling apart. It’s almost obscene, groaning and hissing. All he sees is the dancing cone of light coming from his torch. It’s mocking him. As he stares up into the sky, realisation crushes down on him. Kylo Ren and General Hux are being left behind to die along with the planet. The First Order is done with its most powerful weapon and its most ruthless general. Hux very much doubts that this was his officers’ idea. His personal staff is hand-picked and he trusts them as much as he trusts anyone. Which is, not much. But he can rely on them, or so he has thought until now. He and Ren must have failed the Supreme Leader in ways that are beyond absolution. Hux knows his greatest failure; he still feels the raging pain of shame and embarrassment in his chest-–but what was Ren’s? What has Ren done-–apart from not delivering the Girl-–that’s earned him being ditched like a broken toy? Suddenly his legs give out and he sinks to his knees. So this is it? Just like that? That’s not how he imagined this day to end when he left his quarters this morning. “ Snoke ,” he screams against the howling wind. “If you hear me, Snoke, fuck you! I hate you! You pathetic, cowardly, fucking fuck !” He rages some more, then his strength leaves him and he sags forward, comes to lie with his face in the snow, drawing stuttering breaths. Above him, the wind howls, making the trees rustle and creak, laughing at him. Look at the fearsome general , it sings, look at him. How much longer before he cries for his mother? Leave me, Hux thinks. Just leave me alone. The ground beneath him shifts as the rift is coming nearer. He feels it more than he actually sees it in the near darkness and he scratches up just enough energy to get up. He will not slide into the planet’s mouth lying on his belly like some shivering worm. When he dies, he will die with as much dignity as he can muster. And that includes not leaving his crew behind. And that means Ren. Strictly speaking, Ren is not precisely part of his crew as he doesn’t answer to him but he is-–was-–one member of the Finalizer’s and Starkiller’s unofficial command triumvirate of which Hux holds the highest military rank, and that makes Ren his responsibility. Hux has never run from his responsibilities and he doesn’t plan to run now. He fights his way to where Ren is lying and, positioning himself behind him, locks his arms under his armpits and in front of his chest, grunts with the effort of lifting the other man up. Ren is no more than one or two fingerbreadth taller than Hux but he’s a lot bigger and broader and in his unconscious state seems to weigh as much as five average sized human males. But he manages, drags him far enough away from the widening rift and leans him against an uprooted tree. Is it the one that held the lightsabre? Does it matter? There’s plenty of uprooted trees and there’ll be more with every minute that passes. He returns to collect the trunk. It’s pointless, yes, but he feels an irrational urge to have it by his side, this last piece of the life he used to have, and the trunk has the Finalizer’s emblem on it, too. Then he settles down by Ren’s side, his back against the tree, the trunk sitting next to him. He glances over at Ren, checks if he’s still breathing, gives in to another crazy Impulse-–but who’s here to judge him?-–and pulls him against his chest. “Would you have believed it,” he says, “that it’d the two of us in the end? I mean, of all the ways I imagined I would go, I wouldn’t have thought I’d be left behind on a collapsing planet with only you by my side.” He brushes Ren’s wet hair out of his face and inspects the ugly gash across his face. It will leave quite a scar if he doesn’t get medical attention soon-–whatever. They’re not going anywhere. Why worry about scars. Ren looks very young lying in his arms like that, peaceful even. There’s not even the slightest resemblance to the masked, ill-tempered giant whose infamous tantrums resulted in Stormtroopers leaving their station more often than not for fear they’d catch his attention, and his ship being wilfully damaged at more or less regular intervals. His ship. The Finalizer . He smiles. The day he was given command over the huge Resurgent-class Star Destroyer was one of the proudest of his life. He remembers having to bite the inside of his cheeks to stop himself from grinning like a fool. ‘See this, father? Not so useless anymore.’ “You know,” he tells Ren, “I think we might have made a good team one day. You’re a pompous shit with your mask and drama and all, but you’re good at what you do and I respect that. Maybe we could have found a way around our differences. When we first met I was so jealous of you and your super powers and how you managed to rise through the ranks just like that, just because the Force says you’re special.” He snorts. “The Force. I never really got it. But then I watched you and saw what it does to you and now I’m glad I wasn't... chosen by it. It’s a painful thing to have, right? That much power? I know a bit about being different, but I’m a normal kind of different, no Force or anything, just the great Brendol Hux’ bastard son. But you? I’ve seen you struggle when you think no-one’s looking and you know what? I pity you.” He realises he’s started playing with a strand of Ren’s long, wet hair and hastily stops what he's doing. Not that anyone would notice, least of all Ren who still hasn’t stirred and probably won’t any time soon, but it’s still like being caught red-handed. “Had we met under different circumstances, we might have become friends.” He puts his chin on Ren’s head and stares straight ahead, into the darkness. And who knows, maybe even more. He switches the torchlight off and closes his eyes. Maybe even more. Ren is striking when he’s not scowling, with unusual features and a huge, powerful body. Hux has seen him out of his suit only a couple of times, while he was practising his swordfight or working out in the closed-off section of the Finalizer . Ren was wearing light training gear then and he looked massive. His usual outfit somehow makes him appear slimmer than he really is. Moreover, he never grovels and that’s something that Hux really appreciates. Not that Ren would need to grovel to anyone. With the Force at his fingertips he can crush anyone he chooses, so why waste time on grovelling and political games? And yet, he’s never used his Force tricks on Hux, unless he was careful and discreet about it. The thought makes Hux chuckle into Ren’s hair. Discreet and careful. Right. “Who knows,” he softly says, “who knows. But that’s an academic question, isn’t it. Guess we’ll never find out now.” He closes his arms around Ren’s chest. “But you know what? I’m glad you’re the one who’s here with me now, mate.” How much longer? He thinks he can hear the rift coming closer but he’s not sure. He doesn’t care. There’s nothing he can do. He’s familiar with Starkiller’s topography, has memorised all the maps, knows every quadrant by heart and he knows there’s nowhere to run, no-one close enough to miraculously save them. There is no station nearby, not within walking distance anyway, and his comm link is dead. And even if he could run, he wouldn’t leave Ren behind. ‘You don’t leave your team behind, you hear me, Armitage?’ ‘Yes, father.’ “Son? You hear me, son?” Someone grabs Hux by his shoulder and roughly shakes him. He gives a start and blinks up. “Father?” He blinks some more. The face above him is hard to see because someone shines a bright light into his eyes but it’s not his father. He sees that now. The silhouette is all wrong. He feels strangely relieved by that. “What the–-” He shields his eyes. “Take that out of my face, will you?” The light swings to the side and the man’s face comes into focus. He looks vaguely familiar but Hux can’t place him. “Sorry for the inconvenience,” he says with a mocking undertone. “Are you alright?” “Yes, I’m fine. It’s Re- my comrade who needs help. He’s unconscious and he’s been badly wounded.” “I see that.” It sounds grim. The man straightens and calls something over his shoulder that sounds like chewie , whatever that means. “Who else is with you?” “No-one. Just the two of us.” Behind the man, a huge furry creature appears. A Wookiee? Is that really a Wookiee? “That’s right, Chewie, just the two of them. Take Ben to the Falcon .” Ben ? The Wookiee--Chewie?-–gives a yodel-growl, bends down, pushes one long arm under Ren’s knees and the other around his shoulders. Hux lets go of Ren, oddly reluctant, and watches as the Wookiee lifts Ren up as if he’s a featherweight. “Come,” the man offers him his hand and Hux gladly accepts it, lets himself be hauled up to his feet. “There’s no time to lose. Can you walk?” “Yes.” “Then let’s go.” He turns to go and Hux follows, then remembers the trunk. “Wait,” he shouts and run-stumbles to collect the damn thing. When he catches up the man gives him a look and shakes his head. “You’re kidding me, right? Brought an overnight bag?” The ship sits at a rather adventurous angle on a clearing that’s barely big enough to hold it and Hux eyes it dubiously. As far as he can tell, it’s disc-shaped and looks like a gigantic piece of space junk, old and battered, but as long as it takes them away from here, it’ll do. The ramp is beginning to retract when he reaches it and he almost stumbles on his way up and into the ship where he’s met by a dark-skinned human male whose body goes rigid when he sees Hux. His features harden. Hux narrows his eyes. Is that-– “FN-2187?” “The name’s Finn,” the former Stormtrooper snaps at him. “Follow me. I’m to take you to your quarters.” “My-–quarters?” “The space that’s been assigned to you until we reach our destination.” “And when will that be?” “That’s not for me to say.” “Is there anyone qualified to answer that question?” No reply. Fine. He follows FN-2187 to a small cabin and peers inside. “Where’s Ren?” FN-2187 jerks his head towards the opposite door. “In there.” “Good. That’s where I’ll be, then.” “But Solo said-–” FN-2187 begins, then clamps his mouth shut, probably realising he should not have leaked that name. “Solo, huh. Whatever. I’m staying with Ren. Out of the way, soldier.” “I’m not taking orders from you anymore, Hux.” But he steps aside anyway. Decades of drill aren’t that easily wiped out, Hux notices with no small amount of satisfaction. He brushes past him and opens the door to the other cabin. Ren lies stretched out on a narrow bed that’s barely more than a cot. He’s very pale and his breath is shallow. “Is anyone on this ship who can tend to his injuries?” Hux asks over his shoulder. “I’d say no but I’ll ask the captain.” “Never mind. Get me a medkit. Quick.” He doesn’t wait for a reply, puts the trunk on the floor, takes off his command cap and greatcoat, removes his gloves and crouches down next to the cot. He checks Ren’s pupil reflexes, then pulls off Ren's gloves and pushes his long sleeves up to take his pulse. It’s weak but steady. Good. The cut on his face is ugly but hardly life-threatening. If anything, it will make him look sinister and dangerous and Ren, with his flair for drama, may even like it that way. The cuts and burns on his right arm aren’t troubling, either, but there’s a wound on the left side of his abdomen that makes Hux draw a hissing breath as he leans closer to inspect it. Behind him, somebody clears his throat. He turns around and sees the older man standing in the doorway, holding a bag. “Is that a medkit?” Hux asks and the man-–Solo?-– nods. “How is he?” “I honestly don’t know. I will have to take a closer look at this wound first.” “Are you a doctor?” “Stars no. I have some basic medical knowledge but it’s been years since I’ve had to tend to anyone that badly wounded and even then, I merely assisted a field surgeon. I have-–,” he breaks off, then corrects himself, “used to have med droids for that. Will you help me?” Solo gives him a look that is hard to read. “That’s the second time someone’s asked me that today,” he says. “Yes, I will help you. What do you want me to do?” “Help me turn him around and remove that belt. I think it’s fastened at the back.” His guess is correct and together they remove the wide belt and the robe, too. The undershirt has to be cut open and Hux mutters a curse when he sees the whole extent of the wound. It’s a shot-wound and badly bruised around the edges, as if someone’s repeatedly beaten against it. “Ah fuck,” Hux says. “That’s not a mere blaster shot. I wonder what did this.” “A bowcaster,” Solo replies. “Are you sure?” “I am very sure. I even know who fired it.” “I hope he rots in his own personal hell.” “He doesn’t believe in hells but he is sorry for what he’s done. He did it to revenge me.” “Revenge you?” Hux looks up. “But you’re pretty much alive, aren’t you?” “He didn’t think so at the time.” Solo jerks his chin towards Ren. “Can you fix this?” “I’m afraid not. I know next to nothing about abdominal wounds and I have no idea if there’s been any damage to his inner organs. I can clean it and apply a decent enough bandage but he urgently needs proper medical attention and a bacta tank.” “I think they have a field bacta tank where I’m taking you,” Solo says, his eyes not leaving Ren’s face. “And where is that?” “That I can’t tell you. You’ll have to trust me for now, kid.” Kid . No-one has called him that since… well, for a very long time. “Very well. It’s not as if I have any other choice, anyway.” Solo gives a crooked grin. “Seems so. You do what you can do, alright? I’ll be in the cockpit. Call me if you need anything.” “Will do.” He waits until the door closes, then starts patching Ren up as best he can. Solo’s medkit is well equipped; he finds bacta patches and some lotion that he uses on the minor wounds. Bacta patches won’t stop the cuts from scarring but they’ll make for softer scar tissue and better overall healing. The abdominal wound is not as big as he first thought once it’s cleaned but it’s still worrying him and he doesn’t dare apply anything but a clean bandage. When he’s done, he cleans his hands, removes his jacket and sits down on the floor next to Ren with his back against the wall and tries to wrap his thoughts around what happened today. What has he missed? Were there signs? Has he failed to somehow, somewhere read between the lines? Were there deviations in his officers’ behaviour? Towards him? In general? The more his thoughts rotate, the less he comes to conclusion, let alone a satisfactory one. There was nothing amiss, not with his crew, not with the daily routines. Nothing wrong with his authorisation codes, either. No fingers pointed when a team of specialists was tasked to look into the weapon’s failure, not one snide remark, neither open nor whispered, no-one turning to hide a grin. Ren was his usual charming self but too busy with his own mess to add to Hux’ embarrassment. When the fatal situation of the planet’s imminent implosion was identified, the crew reacted like the well-oiled machine it was. So no, nothing wrong. Snoke must have had a spur-of-the-moment inspiration. He looks at Ren who still lies motionless, still looking very young and peaceful but thankfully not as ghostly pale anymore. His chest rises and falls with the deep, regular breaths he takes. Good. Maybe that Force of his adds to the healing process. He lets his gaze travel around the small cabin but there is not much to see. It’s clearly not been designed for either comfort or a lengthy stay. From what little he’s seen of the ship, it’s not been designed for comfort either but who cares. It was there in time to take him and Ren off that doomed planet, and that makes it a good ship in Hux’ books. His coat lies where he’s dropped it and he gets up with a barely suppressed groan. Looks like he’s going to spend the night before Ren’s cot, so might as well lie down on something that’s warmer than the naked floor. And there’s the mysterious trunk, too. He has no idea what’s in it and tired as he is, he squats down to take a closer look and frowns when he recognises it for one of his own. The sheer audacity makes him clench his fists and punch the damn thing. How dare they. How fucking dare they. The locks are set to his personal code, meaning his droid has helped them. Not that he blames the droid. It’s a machine and when presented with the correct credentials and access codes will not question the command of another officer. He opens the trunk and blinks when he takes in the contents. Brought an overnight bag indeed, for this is just what that is. A weekend bag for two, to be more precise. Four sets of fresh underthings, socks, two toiletry bags… and Ren’s bloody helmet! He takes the thing out and stares at it while his mind goes completely blank with rage and frustration. What kind of sick joke is that? “I swear to you I’m gonna skin you alive,” he says through clenched teeth, to no-one in particular. He tosses the helmet back, slams the trunk shut and returns to the cot before which he spreads out his coat. It’s been a while since he’s last slept on the floor, probably hasn’t done it for as long as he hasn’t tended to injured soldiers, but eventually he finds a position that’s agreeable enough, lying on his side with his right arm bent under his head in lieu of a pillow, but sleep won’t come right away. Too wild is the whirring of his thoughts, too hot his rage that won’t die down. Eventually he drifts off but it’s an uneasy sleep with even uneasier dreams that make him toss and turn, wake up for a few moments, then drift off again into the next unpleasant dreamscape until something breathes across his mind and calms him, shoos away the dreams, and with the comforting feeling of someone having his back he’s finally granted some much needed rest. Chapter 3 He’s caught in the middle of one endless, vast ocean of nothing, blind, deaf, falling... falling... Though, how can you be caught in the middle of nothing? How can nothing hold on to you? How can it blind you when there is no light? How can it deafen you when there is no sound? How can you fall when there is nothing to fall off? To fall into? He screams. No sound comes from his throat and he covers his ears because the silence is so loud, so loud, so loud… Then, suddenly, it all stops. Instead of nothing, there’s darkness. Instead of silence, there’s a voice. He’s never heard it in here but he latches on to it, clings to it as if it’s an anchor that stops him from becoming nothing. “Had we met under different circumstances, we might have become friends,” the bodiless voice tells him. It’s soft and oddly comforting, but it’s the words it does not speak that warm him from inside out. Maybe even more. And with that, he lets go. He won’t fall. The voice won’t let him. ****** Kylo Ren struggles from unconsciousness into a deep sleep and from there finds himself climbing up into wakefulness. It’s a long and tedious climb and when he finally blinks his eyes open, he feels disoriented, finds it hard to focus. The face that materialises before his eyes is not one he’s expected to see. “Hux?” he croaks. “That you?” “It is indeed, and welcome back, Ren.” He would not have thought that he would ever welcome the sight of Hux’ haughty features but he does. “How long –,” he starts, then his voice breaks off. His mouth is dry and his tongue feels like something he would expect to find in an ancient library. “You need to drink,” Hux says and disappears out of sight. Kylo closes his eyes and runs an internal system check. He’s been stripped down to the waist and his boots have been removed. His whole body aches and various bits and pieces have been patched up but all seems more or less in working order, except for a dull ache in his left flank and a stiffness in his right hand. He frowns and when he finds it hurts to frown, he touches his face with his left and finds that parts of his face have been patched up, too. But the worst thing by far is the emptiness inside. He feels… hollow. Raw. As if something has been ripped out. As if – He gasps. Struggles to sit up and grunts with pain. “What are you doing? You can’t sit up just yet!” Hux has returned with a glass and what appears to be a bottle of water. He puts both on the small table opposite the bed. “Lie down.” “I can’t. I must go –,” Kylo starts but is cut off in mid-sentence. “You’re not going anywhere before you’ve been inside a bacta tank. Lie down at once.” The General’s tone leaves no room for discussion and truth be told, there’s comfort to be found in being snapped at by Hux. The sheer familiarity of it stops his head from spinning. “I can’t drink when I’m flat on my back,” he says stubbornly but it’s more an automatic response to being ordered around than an actual attempt to resist. He’s too weak for that. “I’ll help you.” Hux pours a glass of water and sits down on the narrow bed, facing the same direction as Kylo. “Here,” he says, holds the glass to Kylo’s lips and motions as if to put an arm around his shoulders to hold him up. “I can do that myself,” Kylo protests but when he tries to close his hand around the glass, he finds he can’t and half the water lands on his chest. Great . He glances up into Hux’ face to check for even the smallest sign of contempt at his weakness but there is none. “I said I’d help you,” Hux says calmly. “You were injured and you’ve been unconscious for at least eight standard hours.” He places a stabilising hand between Kylo’s shoulder blades and brings the glass to his lips again. This time, Kylo doesn’t protest and takes a greedy gulp that makes him cough and clutch his side that’s begun to throb in dull protest. “Careful,” Hux warns him. “You’ll want to drink in small sips at first.” He refills the glass. “Again. Slowly.” Kylo glares at him but does as he’s told and this time, the water brings the refreshment he so desperately needs. When the glass is empty, Hux nods, as if satisfied, and puts it on the table without letting go of Kylo. “Well done,” he says and again, there’s no hint of mockery. He twists his upper body, removes one hand from between Kylo’s shoulder blades and replaces it with the other, plumps up the pillow and helps Kylo lie down again. “What happened?” Kylo asks and watches as Hux pulls up a folding chair and sits down on it. “Well,” Hux says and crosses his legs. “Where to start? You want the short or the full version?” “Short, for now. Please.” The last word is out before he can stop himself and one of Hux’ eyebrows jerks up. “Very well. The, uh, system failure of Starkiller has set a weakening progress in motion that forced us to redirect power from the shields into the core to prevent it from –” “The short version, Hux.” “The systems were down, a horde of Resistance pilot swarmed in to attack the base and that, along with a number of small explosions in the oscillator chamber caused the implosion of Starkiller base.” “And?” “Orders were given to evacuate the base and I was sent to fetch you.” “ You were sent to fetch me?” “I just said so, didn’t I?” “Why?” “I was to personally deliver you to Snoke.” “You were to deliver me – so that’s not where we’re going now?” “No.” “Why not?” “Let’s just say that the shuttles with which we were supposed to leave for the Finalizer somehow forgot to take us on board.” Kylo closes his eyes. It’s all beginning to make horrible sense now. “And then?” he asks without opening his eyes. “We were picked up. By whom, I cannot tell. I think the captain of this ship is called Solo and – oh.” It’s evident from the sound with which he utters the last syllable, Hux has failed to make the connection until now. Kylo finds this remarkable because Hux’ brain usually works really fast, especially under pressure. Does this lapse means he’s more shaken by all of this than he lets on? Interesting. So the General is human after all. “Of course. Then this is –” “– the Millennium Falcon .” Kylo opens his eyes and meets the General’s stunned gaze. “That’s right. I thought I felt a familiar presence but it’s all such a blur still…” Hux makes a noise that sounds like a snort. “Splendid. This is just splendid. From the frying pan into the fire, eh.” He narrows his eyes. “Where do you think he’s taking us? D’Qar?” Kylo shrugs and winces. No sudden moves, idiot . “You can never tell with him.” He lifts his right arm and inspects his hand. It won’t open and close properly. It’s as if his fingers are frozen. “What’s with your hand?” Hux asks. “Don’t know. It feels numb.” “Let me see.” Hux holds out his hand and Kylo pulls his back immediately. “It’s probably nothing,” he mutters. He’s made a pitiful enough display of himself already. No need to add to it. “Give it.” Hux makes an impatient gesture and Kylo, after a brief internal struggle, does as he’s told. Again. This better not become a habit. Hux takes his hand and inspects it. “No external wounds,” he states. “It’s probably to do with the cut on your shoulder.” He checks each finger for mobility, turns the hand palm-up and starts sliding his knuckles over Kylo’s hand in smooth strokes, starting from his fingertips over palm and wrist all the way up to the elbow and back down. He repeats this a few times, then slides his own hands underneath Kylo’s and places his thumbs on the wrist, pushes down gently and starts moving his thumbs in outward circular motions, moves from wrist to the balls of Kylo’s hands and repeats the motion, applying a little more pressure to the thumb’s muscular base. It feels… nice. “How come you know how to do this?” Kylo asks, curious. “Are you a healer in your spare time?” He folds his left arm underneath his head so he lies a little less flat and patient-like on his back. Hux shoots him an amused glance. “Certainly not,” he says without interrupting what he’s doing. “Let’s just say I know a thing or two outside the officers’ manual.” “Don’t tell me your duties leave you time to pursue interests other than being a good little soldier boy.” Hux doesn’t reply but the corners of his mouth twitch and despite all, Kylo has to stifle a grin. The whole situation is just too absurd. Here he is, all cozied up and chatting amicably with his long-time rival who’s giving him a hand massage. A good one, too. The cramped muscles of his hand are beginning to relax and the numbness in his right forearm is being replaced by a faint, pleasant humming sensation. He’d find it all even funnier if it weren’t for the dull throbbing in his left flank and the fact that they’re on the Falcon of all ships, not to mention the emptiness inside of him. It’s as unexpected as it is terrifying and he doesn’t know what to make of it. He feels the first stirring of a panic but with what little mental strength he still possesses, he puts a firm lid on it. He is too weak to deal with it now, he cannot and will not face the meaning of this, let alone the possible consequences, and so he closes his eyes and concentrates on the warmth that is somehow creeping from Hux’ hands into his arm. Which is strange, really, because Hux is not the person he would ever have associated with any kind of warmth. The door opens with a faint creak and somebody clears his throat. “Uhm, excuse me,” says a familiar voice. “Am I interrupting something?” The soothing rubbing along his arm comes to a halt. Kylo almost grunts with annoyance. “No, you’re not,” Hux replies. “Come.” “How’s he doing?” “You can ask him yourself. He’s awake.” “He is?” Kylo opens his eyes. “I am,” he confirms. “Hello.” The face of Han Solo comes into view. “How are you feeling, son?” “I’ve been better. But I’m breathing.” “That’s, uh, good to hear.” His father’s eyes dart from him to Hux and back again. “Can I, uhm, would you mind if I –,” he makes a vague gesture and Kylo grits his teeth. For all that his father is such a smooth talker when it comes to worming his way out of whatever he’s got himself into, he can be surprisingly tongue-tied and awkward when there is not the least need. “I think what Han Solo is trying to tell us,” he says, looking at Hux, “is that he’d like a moment with me alone.” “Yes,” Solo says. His relief is almost tangible. “That.” “Of course,” Hux replies and gets up. “Is there a place where I can clean myself up?” “Yes. Yes, of course. Chewie will show you.” “Is that the Wookiee?” “Yes. Tell him I told you to ask him.” “Will do. Thank you.” Hux gives a brisk nod, fishes something out of the trunk that sits on the floor – he must ask him about that later – and leaves them, closing the door behind him. “Well?” Kylo asks. His father leans against the doorframe. “Are you really alright?” “I told you so, didn’t I?” “You did. I guess I needed to hear it again.” He gives a crooked smile. “You looked to be in a pretty bad shape when I picked you up.” “How did you know where to find me?” Another half-smile. “Let’s call it a hunch.” Their eyes meet. “I guess I should thank you for that,” Kylo says, a little reluctantly, but Solo makes a dismissive gesture. “I happened to be in the area. Glad you’re up and awake.” “I wouldn’t call this ‘up’.” “But you’re alive and talking.” “Do I have to thank you for that, too?” “For what? “For getting me up and awake.” “Oh, that. No. You’ll have to thank your, uh, friend for that.” “What, Hux?” “Yeah. He patched you up and wouldn’t leave your side. Slept on the floor next to your bed, too.” “What?” “Are you two… very good friends?” “No,” Kylo slowly says. “He’s the commander of Starkiller base and the Finalizer . Well, he used to be. Why are you asking?” His father shoots him a curious glance. “Because when we found you, he was holding you in his arms. And you were, well, sort of holding hands when I came in.” “We weren’t holding hands,” Kylo protests. He feels foolish, lying flat on his back and arguing with his father. “He was massaging my hand and arm because my hand was all cramped up. Don’t make it sound as if you caught him compromising my honour.” “Hmph,” Solo doesn’t look convinced. “And is it customary for First Order officers to deliver hand massages and cradle their staff members in their arms?” “No, it’s not. But he’s got a very strong sense of duty, Hux. Leaving me behind while I was out cold would probably have violated his code of honour. He doesn’t run away from his duties, you see,” he adds, a little waspishly. Solo crosses his arms across his chest and has the grace to look a little embarrassed but then he shrugs it off. He always does , Kylo thinks. Just like he always runs away. “Anyway, it’s good that the two of you have bonded because it looks like you’ll be stuck with each other for a while.” “We haven’t – whatever. Why do you say that? Where are you taking us?” Kylo narrows his eyes. “You’re not taking us to her ?” “If you’re talking about your mother, no, I’m not taking you to her. She has a strong sense of duty, too,” he puts extra emphasis on the last words, “and I’m not adding you to her pile of work. Not if I can help it. I’m taking you first where they have a field bacta tank because your officer friend tells me he can’t fix that nasty wound on your side.” “Well, I guess we both know who’s to thank for that.” “Yeah, well. Sorry about that. Anyway. Bacta tank first, then away.” “Define ‘away’.” “I’ve made arrangements for you to be delivered to a place that should be safe enough for the time being. I mean, I’m taking you there myself but I had to contact an old friend first, to see if it’s still an option.” “An old friend.” “Yes.” “That supposed to make me feel better?” A scratch at the door relieves Solo of the need to answer. He opens, and Chewbacca pokes his furry head in. He utters a string of his usual yodel-howls and Solo nods. “That’s good. Thanks, Chewie.” Chewbacca jerks his chin towards Kylo and yowls some more. “Whatever, Wookiee. I’m still alive,” Kylo says. With one last growl in Kylo’s direction, Chewbacca disappears and Solo turns to leave, too. “We’re almost there,” he says over his shoulder. “I’ll make arrangements for you to be taken to their med station and then we’ll take it from there.” “Sure,” Kylo closes his eyes again. What else is there to say. “Thanks.” After that, he drifts off into a numbing kind of sleep that has bears no resemblance to any kind of restorative slumber but at least it’s free of nightmares. He oversleeps both their landing and his transport to the med station, wakes up only when somebody gently touches his shoulder. The face of a med droid peers down at him and when he appears conscious enough, the droid starts preparing him for the bacta tank. He’s never been inside a tank before and it’s a less than pleasant experience. It’s like being swallowed alive by a slimy, gelatinous mass and the clumsy breathing apparatus doesn’t make it any better. Maybe he should have agreed to the offered sedative but it’s too late now. He forces himself to take deep, regular breaths to stop himself from panicking and fixes his eyes on the corner opposite the tank where Hux is standing like a shadow, arms crossed, waiting. It’s like he’s standing guard over him and Kylo takes strange comfort from his presence. Then, finally, it’s all over and an overwhelming feeling of relief swamps over him when he’s lifted out of the tank and cleaned of the gooey mass that’s sticking everywhere. The med droid checks his vital signs and injuries in a separate examination room and asks him to perform a number of tests to examine his mobility and reactivity. When all is to the droid’s satisfaction, it rolls out of the room without another word and Kylo gratefully reaches for the clothes that lie neatly folded on the sideboard. It’s a pair of standard issue underthings, exactly his size, his trousers (repaired and cleaned in a rough-and-ready way), boots and a shirt that is definitely not his. The sleeves are too short and it’s a little tight around the shoulders but it’ll do for now. At least it’s clean. Hux is waiting for him outside the small room. When Kylo steps out, he frowns and clicks his tongue. “What is it?” Kylo asks. “I’m not sure that was a proper bacta tank,” he says disapprovingly. “Why, what’s the matter? The droid seemed happy enough with the results. Nothing hurts anymore.” “Your face,” Hux touches his own face as if to demonstrate. “There shouldn’t be a scar.” “What scar?” There’s no mirror and so he touches his fingers to the spot that Hux has indicated, feels an irregularity but as it neither hurts nor itches, he dismisses it for now. “Any idea where we are?” Hux shrugs his shoulders. “It’s more or less a stopover. Your father –” “Don’t call him that,” Kylo snaps and Hux gives him a glance that is hard to read. He’s always been hard to read, Hux. “Very well. Solo says as soon as you’re on your feet again, he’ll take us where we won’t be found in a while.” “That could be anywhere.” “That much is obvious. Your – Solo seems a much-travelled man.” “Tell me about it,” Kylo mutters. When they leave the med station, they are met by the renegade Stormtrooper whom Kylo has fought in the snow. Kylo eyes him over with mild interest. “Seems I didn’t finish you after all,” he says. “Here to babysit us?” The trooper – what was his serial number again? – glares at him. “I’m to take you back to the Falcon ,” he stiffly replies. “And then?” “General Solo will take you to your destination.” “And that’s where?” He adds some Force persuasion to his question but the trooper – FN-something, he thinks – shakes his head. “I couldn’t tell you.” He really couldn’t. He has no idea what Solo plans to do with them. Kylo wonders if Solo himself knows or whether this rescue mission was one of his spur-of-the-moment ideas. One never knows with his father. He’s surprisingly resourceful and surprisingly thick in equal measure. Kylo hopes he’s having one of his more creative moments. Out of sheer curiosity he asks, “What about the girl? Do you know where she is?” FN-something presses his lips together, shakes his head. A quick mindprobe reveals something about an island but then Hux touches his arm. “Leave him, Ren,” he says. “Let’s go to the Falcon . Let’s not waste any more time on this – wherever and whatever this is.” “Very well.” Kylo lets go of the trooper’s mind. There’s nothing in there worth investigating, Hux is right about that. Besides, he feels the desperate urge to meditate, to sort through his own mind that is still shrilling alarm, still hovering on the edge of panic. The sooner he faces it, the better. They follow FN-something through a maze of corridors and chaos. Kylo could have done without him because as much as it irritates him, his father’s signal is like a beacon calling him in. Actually, it’s beyond irritating and he feels rage well up inside of him. Han Solo of all people. He steals a glance to his right where Hux is walking. The General’s face is a stony mask but he, too, is annoyed. No mindprobe needed to sense his anger. It comes off in almost tangible waves and in absence of a more worthy target is directed at FN who leads the way, his back ramrod straight and his eyes trained ahead. And odd as it seems, Hux’ annoyance soothes Kylo’s own. Whatever has happened to them and whatever is still to come, they’re in this together. Somehow the Force has seen it fit to weave their paths into one for the time being. Maybe this is a test. Maybe this is a possibility. In any case, it’s something he needs to address in his meditation and so he doesn’t speak another word before they board the Falcon . “Hey kid,” Han Solo greets FN-something, then nods to Kylo and Hux. “Good to see you on your feet again, Ben. I’ll show you to your quarters,” he makes it sound as if they’re on board a pleasure cruise ship, “and I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to stay there. Well,” he adds, “of course you may use the, uh, facilities but other than that, no roaming about. Clear?” “Absolutely,” Hux says in the flat voice he uses when he’s so angry he’s about to explode. Kylo is very familiar with that tone. He has been on the receiving end of it many times. “Am I correct to assume you’ve taken us prisoner?” “No, son, I haven’t. It’s for your own safety.” Son ? That won’t sit well with Hux and – yes, there it is. The angry twitch of his nose, as if he’s stepped into Bantha shit. Mirroring Hux’ earlier move, Kylo places a hand on his arm before Hux has a chance to go into full General mode. “Let go,” he says. “Don’t waste your energy arguing.” He looks at his father. “The same quarters as before?” Solo nods and before he can say another word, Kylo turns around and heads for the small cabin. Hux follows him inside but when Kylo opens his mouth to protest, Hux holds up his hand. “Don’t worry,” he says. “We’re not going to bunk together. I just want this.” He points to where the small trunk with the Finalizer Emblem is still sitting. “Oh,” Kylo says. “Of course. How did that get here, anyway? You hadn’t planned a holiday on Starkiller, had you?” “Certainly not. Whoever came up with the whole plan thought it funny to pack a few things for us.” He opens the trunk. “Here,” he says and hands Kylo a set of underthings, socks and… his helmet. “I believe these are yours. They’re clearly not my size. It’s two sets for each of us and I took the liberty of taking one of yours to the med station.” Kylo throws the clothes carelessly on the small chair, turns the helmet around in his hands and looks at it. It’s so out of place here and now but there must be a reason it’s come with him. “Out,” he says. “I must be alone now.” “Sure.” Hux doesn’t even blink at Kylo’s rudeness. They’re used to each other’s ways. “I’m in the cabin across.” “Yes.” He all but slams the door into Hux’ back, then sits down heavily on the narrow cot, boots and all, and crosses his legs, closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and draws on the Force to lead him into a meditative trance, into the emptiness that’s inside him, the gaping, bleeding hole where his master’s presence used to be all these years, guiding him, teaching him, pushing him. Snoke . Kylo has feared him and worshipped him for so long, has basked in his power and has envied him for it, feeling worthless and powerful at the same time, pushing himself well beyond his limit and letting himself be pushed even further… He deepens his meditative state and floats through the void of his own mind. His grip on the Force is loosening the deeper he falls and now, finally, panic takes over. He relishes it, feeds it to the rage that is building up inside him, lifting its ugly head and opening its greedy jaws wide, welcoming every bit of panic and confusion that Kylo feeds it. With Snoke gone, there’s no-one to teach him now, no-one to centre him, no-one to challenge him. No-one. He’s alone, all alone, more alone than he’s ever been, and he’s floating, spinning out of control, spinning and tumbling and turning and the Force is laughing at him, dancing out of his reach, tantalising him… We might have become friends. Maybe even more. His tumble comes to a halt. The voice. It’s centred him before. Where is it? Where does it originate? He reaches out, tries to feel for it in the darkness that surrounds him. There’s something there, and it’s right before him. He minimises his presence in the Force as best he can, hoping it’s not too late, and then he sees it, a soft ripple in the fabric. It’s no presence of its own, rather it’s the idea of another presence, a mere murmur, and it’s inviting him to touch and find out. It’s not hostile. It’s not power. It’s not even reaching out for him. It’s just there. Waiting. Offering. I’m glad you’re the one who’s here with me now, mate. The words sound like an echo, something he’s heard and has not heard. Just like that other line, the one that keeps floating through him. But that voice… that voice… He knows it well and yet, he cannot place it. He’s heard it before, has heard it many times and yet, it sounds so different. There’s a soft lilt to it that is utterly unfamiliar and yet… if you take away the lilt and add some acidity it reminds him of – Kylo’s eyes fly open. Impossible. Chapter 4 On the second day on the Millenium Falcon , Hux is bored beyond anything. He’s spent some time removing the First Order insignia from his uniform and greatcoat, has done push-ups and sit-ups, has tossed and turned on his narrow cot, trying to understand what has happened. He still has no clue and so he has stopped tossing and turning. Now he is lying flat on his back, hands folded across his stomach, and practises his breathing exercises. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Inhale-two-three, exhale-two-three. It’s not working. He scratches his chin. He needs a shave. And a shower. And fresh socks. And above all, he needs something to do. He sits up and pinches the bridge of his nose. He’s going to do some exploring, no matter what Solo has said. After all, they’re not prisoners, right? When he opens the door, he finds the corridor empty and he so ventures outside. Before Ren’s door he stops and listens. Not a sound. He is probably meditating. Or levitating things. Or himself. Or whatever a Force-user does to pass the time. Hux will have to do his exploring by himself. Ren is probably familiar with the Falcon ; after all, she’s his father’s ship and from the look of it, she must be something of a family heirloom. The Falcon is old and battered all around but she is in surprisingly good shape. Well maintained, that is. There’s been a lot of repairwork, some of which looks improvised and makeshift but efficient nevertheless. “Somebody loves you, old girl,” he murmurs, patting an arrangement of pins, bolts and two levers that would have given the Finalizer’s mechanics a nosebleed. Not too far away something klonks , and he freezes. Then, a frustrated howl. Hux peers around a corner. A trap door is open. That’s where the howl must have come from. He inches closer. Solo’s Wookiee is staring at something in front of him, scratching his furry head. He’s wearing goggles and is holding what looks like a soldering gun in the hand with which he scratches his head and a small vice in the other. Hux hopes the gun won’t power up. A burning Wookiee is not something he wants to be around. “Do you need help with that?” It’s out before he can help himself and when the Wookiee’s head snaps up, he’s sure he’s just made a big mistake. Chewbacca pushes the goggles up and narrows his eyes. He barks something and Hux holds his hands up in an apologetic gesture. “I know I’m supposed to stay in my quarters but I’m bored out of my mind. I’m not used to not having anything to do.” He takes a careful step towards the trap door. “Maybe I can help you with whatever you’re doing?” The Wookiee cocks his head, as if considering the offer, then gives one of his yodel-howls. “But if I’m with you, then I’m not unattended,” Hux points out. “And if I’m down there with you, then I’m not roaming the ship, yes? I’m not a trained engineer but I’m good at fixing things.” A yowl from Chewbacca. ::Do you understand what I’m saying?:: “Yes, I understand you. I—” he stops, confused. He does. He understands the Wookiee. Well, he doesn’t catch every single yowl but he understands him enough to grasp the meaning of what is being said. “I, uh,” he scratches his head. “I don’t know—” then it hits him. “Ayygawi,” he says, relieved. Of course. “My maternal grandfather had a Wookiee assistant. Assistant,” he repeats when Chewbacca growls. “She was not a slave. She was a healer, just like him. Ayygawi, yes, that was her name. She had blue eyes and her, uh, fur was darker than yours.” ::Where is she now?:: “I don’t know what’s become of her. I wish I knew, really, I do. She was kind to me. I wasn’t born a general, you see, I—” he breaks off. That doesn’t belong here. “Anyway, she taught me some Wookieespeech, no, wait, Shyriiwook, yes?” Chewbacca nods. “I can’t speak it but I used to understand it well when I was a boy. Seems I haven’t forgotten after all.” The Wookiee studies him for a moment and when he has reached a conclusion, he nods and motions for Hux to join him in the pit. After some rummaging around, he hands Hux a second set of goggles and points him to where he needs him. It turns out Wookieespeech isn’t the only thing Hux hasn’t forgotten and the Falcon’s blown fuses are quickly repaired, as is the portside heating unit. Hux’ thoughts have stopped going in circles at some point and when he puts his uniform jacket back on, he feels a bit more like himself again. He has done something useful, has accomplished something. After that horrible failure and the unspeakable betrayal that followed it, successfully repairing an old ship’s heating unit seems like quite an achievement. Next to him, Chewbacca gives a series of low woofs that sound suspiciously like a chuckle. “What?” Hux asks. Chewbacca throws his head back and yodel-howls. “Yes, we were a good team down there, I agree.” He sighs. “Guess I better go back to my quarters, eh. Don’t want to get you into trouble.” When he turns to go, Chewbacca grabs him by the arm and jerks his head back, yowling some more. “What, a game of Dejarik? I haven’t played in ages. I don’t think I remember the rules.” Which is a lie. He’s downloaded a set of classic Dejarik to the console in his private quarters on Starkiller and whenever sleep won’t come to him, he gets up and plays a few games against the computer. He usually wins, too. Dejarik is an old-fashioned strategy game and Hux excels at strategy games. Playing against a Wookiee may therefore not be a good idea. Wookiees are sorry losers and Hux is not interested in having any of his limbs broken. Chewbacca gives him the look of a very young and very hurt Wookiee pup and Hux sighs again. “Promise you won’t laugh at me?” An eager nod, some more of that woofing. “All right then.” Chewbacca must know by now who he is and is unlikely to believe that a First Order General is too stupid to grasp the rules of Dejarik. He will have to come up with a strategy because being too obvious at letting the Wookiee win may be just as unwise as letting him lose. Who knows, this may be entertaining. Certainly a lot more entertaining than lying around on his cot. He follows Chewbacca into what looks like a small leisure area where FN-2187 has occupied one of the armchairs, studying a datapad. He looks up and when he sees Hux, jumps up from his chair. “You’re not supposed to leave your quarters,” he snaps. “At ease, soldier,” Hux replies. “As you see, I am not alone. Chewbacca here makes sure I won’t sneak around. Isn’t that right, Chewbacca?” Chewbacca nods and makes some affirmative noises. “Thought so. Now, where’s the gaming table?” Chewbacca points to a small seating arrangement that’s built around a roundish table. “Brilliant. Why don’t you power it up so we can get started? And remember, go easy on me. It’s been a while.” Out of the corner of his eyes he can see FN-2187 stiffen. “Do you understand that—uh, him?” “I do,” Hux says, a little smugly. “Don’t you?” “I—no.” “You may want to try picking up some of the basics if you intend to travel with Solo and Chewbacca. Might come in handy, you know.” With that, he turns his attention towards the Dejarik board where the game pieces have appeared, all set in their starting positions. Chewbacca makes a grand gesture, inviting Hux to make the first move. Behind him, FN-2187 mumbles something and he hears him leave the lounge which is fine by him as he has no intention to engage in any exchange with the former Stormtrooper. There’s a game to be played. It turns out Chewbacca is an excellent Dejarik player and after a while Hux begins to relax, actually enjoying himself. It’s been a very long while since he’s had no obligation other than pass the time and for a moment, Starkiller, Snoke, the betrayal and even Ren fade into the background. He does let Chewbacca win most of the games but when he realises Chewbacca is relaxing, too, he does the unthinkable and uses the kintan strider death gambit against Chewbacca’s favoured holo monster. The Wookiee visibly starts, narrows his eyes and makes a risky move but it’s too late. Hux plays the fork and wipes Chewbacca’s most aggressive pieces off the board. Then he holds his breath and braces himself. Chewbacca stares at the board, stares at Hux and slams a hairy fist on the table. For a few heartbeats there’s no sound except for the Wookiee’s laboured breathing, and then… Chewbacca throws his head back and bark-roars. ::Well done, little brother!:: Hux blinks. What was that? Little brother? “Are you not going to break my arm or something?” ::Why? You played well.:: A wide grin splits Hux’ face, wider than he’s grinned in ages. There’s not been an awful lot to grin about as a general of the First Order, but having beaten a Wookiee at Dejarik and getting to enjoy his victory unharmed, well, that certainly is something to be cheerful about. “What is going on here?” It’s Solo’s voice. Hux hasn’t heard him come in and neither has Chewbacca. They exchange a look and it feels so much like being caught red-handed that he starts laughing. Chewbacca joins him, barking his amusement. “What have you two been smoking?” He glares at Hux. “Haven’t I told you to stay at your quarters?” “You sure did, but I—” he’s cut off by Chewbacca. ::Little brother has been helping me with a few very necessary repairs, brother. He’s been most helpful. You shouldn’t be angry at him.:: “What the—” Solo gives Chewbacca an incredulous look. Then he shrugs. “You know what? I don’t care. Finn’s told me a thing or two about you and I can’t say I enjoyed hearing what he said. I’ve never been a friend of the Empire and certainly not of the Order. Under different circumstances I would not grant a First Order General free passage on my ship. But you saved my son and took care of him when I couldn’t. And it seems Chewie here likes you. That’s good enough for me.” He flops down into one of the armchairs. “Mind telling me what’s happened?” Hux presses his lips together. How much should he tell Solo? How much does the man already know? Then again… he’ been left behind to die by the very people he’s pledged his life and loyalty to, right? “You want the short or the long version?” he asks when he’s made up his mind. Solo crosses his ankles. “Feel free to share what you’re comfortable sharing,” he says lightly. “I don’t expect you to give me any First Order strategies. Although,” he plucks at the seam of his jacket, “strictly speaking, you’re no longer under any obligation, right?” “You assume correctly,” Hux says. “I’m presumed dead. So here’s what’s happened.” And he gives Solo an abridged version of what happened up to the moment he’s picked Hux and Ren up on Starkiller. Solo nods, as if he already knows. “That’s what I thought.” “You knew?” “Not precisely, and not in such detail. But I’ve picked up bits here and there,” he spreads his hands in a vague gesture, “and when Ben let me go back there on that bridge, I figured that would get him in disgrace. But you? From what Finn tells me, you’re more or less the First Order’s golden boy.” “Who’s Finn?” “Him,” Solo makes a vague gesture into the direction into which FN-2187 has vanished earlier. “The black kid. Finn.” “Oh. Finn.” Hux chews on this. So the ex-trooper has a name, huh. He vaguely remembers FN-, no, Finn telling him so when he stumbled aboard the Falcon after being picked up from Starkiller, but he wasn’t exactly his brightest that night. FN, Finn, whatever. He looks at Solo and shrugs. “I don’t know. Well, I have an idea but I will admit I wasn’t quite prepared for what would eventually happen.” Solo shrugs and lets it go. “Well, like I said, you saved my boy and that’s what counts. I’m taking you two somewhere where you should be relatively safe. It’s not quite unchartered territory, don’t worry, I’m not dropping you off on some Outer Rim moon. I’m taking you to a place where you can hide in plain sight, if you’re doing it right.” “Where would that be?” “I can’t tell you just now. I’m still waiting for confirmation from an old buddy of mine—” He’s interrupted by FN-, no, Finn’s voice. “Incoming holo call, sir.” Solo grins. “That would be him,” he says and gets up. “You’re welcome to stay here, if you want, and so is Ben. Just—stay away from the control centre, yes?” “Yessir.” “Chewie, with me. I need you in the co-pilot seat.” ::Of course.:: When they’re both gone, Hux inspects the Falcon’s lounge. Maybe ‘lounge’ is too grand a word. There’s not an awful lot more than an eclectic collection of seats and armchairs and—he opens a square purple door—a well-stocked bar. No reading materials, no sign of holovid equipment. What does Solo do when he’s stuck on the Falcon for days? And just what is Ren doing? He’s neither seen nor heard from him since they’ve left the medical station. Surely he can’t have been meditating all that time? He walks back to the passenger section of the ship and knocks on Ren’s door. “Ren?” Nothing. Not a sound. “Ren, cut the nonsense and open the door. I need to talk to you!” Silence. Then—a huff and a thunk , as if Ren’s jumped down from somewhere. The door opens. Ren stands before him, bare-chested and covered in sweat. He’s tied his hair back into an untidy knot and there are dark shadows under his eyes that are suspiciously red. Ren’s either not slept one minute or he’s been… crying? “What?” He sounds like his usual charming self. Hux decides that this is a good sign. “Glad to see you’re up and chipper as ever. Mind if I come in?” With that, he shoulders him aside and walks into the cabin. It’s a mess. Ren’s clothes are everywhere, underthings, tunic, socks, boots, helmet, cape, all lying around in various states of crease and crumple. On the floor, on the chair, on the bed. “I like what you’ve done to the place,” he dryly says, picks up a shirt and the tunic from the chair, puts them on the cot, sits down and crosses his legs. Ren is still standing in the door, glowering at him. “Come on, Ren,” Hux pats the cot. “Join me for a briefing, will you?” “Briefing?” “Whatever you want to call it. Join me.” Another pat. “Please?” Ren closes the door and sits down on the bed, cross-legged. Apart from his red eyes, he looks healthy. Gone is the near-deathly pallor and his wounds have healed nicely. He will keep scars—the bacta fluids clearly were of inferior quality—but the bruises are gone and the angry red of the scars will fade over time. “Do you have any idea where Solo is taking us?” Ren shrugs. “He’s taking us to some old friend of his, that’s all I know.” “Yes, that’s what he’s told me, too.” “You spoke with him?” “I did indeed. We had a… chat, I believe he would call it. He asked me about what happened and I gave him a very brief outline. Just enough to satisfy his most pressing curiosity. I don’t believe he needs to be given all the details.” “Did he seek you out?” “No. I decided I couldn’t take any more sitting around and did some exploring.” “But we were told to stay inside our cabins.” Hux raises his eyebrows. “Since when do you do as you’re told?” Ren presses his lips together. “I—needed to meditate.” “I see.” “And since when does a soldier not obey an order?” “Solo is not my superior,” Hux mildly points out. “He expressly stated that we weren’t his prisoners and so I decided his request for us to stay in our cabins was more a suggestion than an explicit order. Besides, I’ve made myself useful.” “You? How?” “I helped Chewbacca fix a heating unit and a faulty power converter of the back-up hyper drive.” “You—” Ren looks at him with such disbelief it’s almost insulting and Hux raises his chin. “I know a few things that come in handy every once in a while.” “I see.” “Anyway, what do you suggest we do next? What are your plans?” “My plans?” “Yes, Ren,” Hux says patiently. “What do you plan to do with your life going forward?” “My… life.” Ren’s voice sounds very small all of a sudden and Hux shifts in his chair to directly look at him. “What is it, Ren?” Ren looks down, clenches and unclenches his fists. Hux can almost sense his internal struggle. When Ren looks up again, his eyes are suspiciously bright. “He’s gone,” Ren says. “He’s… abandoned me. After all this time. He’s left me behind. Just like that.” He blinks, and one single tear runs down his cheek. “Who’s gone?” “Snoke.” It comes out as a whisper. “Fuck the Supreme Leader,” Hux rudely says. “Let me tell you a thing or two about leadership. A true leader doesn’t leave his men behind. A leader doesn’t rush off in a pout when something goes wrong. He stays by his team and leads them out of harm’s way. Then he sits down with his command staff and debriefs. Then, and only then, comes the assessment. There’s nothing supreme about that shrivelled-up excuse of a leader.” “You don’t understand.” “Come on, Ren, surely it can’t be that bad. You’re not left with nothing, you know.” “Are you going to tell me I can still go home to Mommy and Daddy after you’ve given me a speech about how lucky I should feel for still having a family?” Ren snaps. “How I’ve grown up in a loving surrounding with parents madly in love with each other whereas your own childhood was miserable and loveless and how you’ve had to claw your way up as opposed to me?” Hux blinks. Where did that come from? “I will tell you no such thing,” he carefully replies. “A marriage based on passion does not provide the most stable background to raise a child. People madly in love with each other tend to place the focus on their all-consuming passion, away from what’s around them.” He looks at his hands, smoothes his trouser leg. “And since you’ve brought it up, my childhood was anything but miserable, nor was it loveless. Obedience and discipline, yes, those were the main pillars of my upbringing but that comes with the territory. My father’s marriage was a mutually beneficial arrangement and while my stepmother wasn’t too happy about having her husband’s illegitimate son forced into her care, she never treated me unkindly. Neither did my father, no matter what his public persona may have transported. Even after my biological mother passed away, I was still allowed to visit my maternal grandfather whenever my father was gone. I was originally named after him, you see, and the memories of him are among my fondest.” He falls silent, confused. Why for kriff’s sake is he sharing such deeply personal things with Kylo Ren of all people? Their eyes meet and lock. There’s two shades of brown in Ren’s eyes, Hux notices absent-mindedly. The ring around the iris is of a dark brown whereas the outer ring is more of a greenish-brown with a few dark specks in them. And where does that come from? Since when is he interested in the colour of Ren’s eyes? “I guess we’re in this together,” Ren finally says. “Looks like it.” “What are your plans then, General?” Hux huffs. “Don’t call me that. I’m not a general any longer.” He points to where his insignia used to be. “I say we find something to eat. I’m starving. And until we know where we’re going, we could play Dejarik.” “Dejarik?” “There’s a Dejarik board in the, uh, lounge. It’s an outdated version but fully functional.” “So it’s still there, huh.” “It is.” “Have you tried it?” “I played against Chewbacca.” “What?” “I won.” “Chewie let you win?” Ren asks, incredulous. “He didn’t let me win. I beat him.” “What did you do to him?” “What do you think I could possibly do to him? I’m not exactly a match for him, physically.” “No,” Ren slowly says, “you’re not. Neither am I. What have I missed? Chewbacca has never let me win before.” “I think he enjoyed working with someone who understands him.” “You understand Wookiee-speech?” “A little.” Hux gets up. “Let’s go, Ren. I’m still starving. I can tell you all about my grandfather’s Wookiee assistant if you’re interested but I really must eat now.” Ren nods, fishes for his socks and boots, puts both on and gets up. Hux hands him his shirt and tunic and Ren puts them on, too. Hux turns to the right, to return to the lounge, but Ren shakes his head and points to the left. “You’re hungry, right? The caboose is this way.” It turns out Ren is very familiar with the Falcon’s layout, just as Hux has suspected, and when they’ve plundered enough food to satisfy their rumbling stomachs, they make for the lounge where they eat and play Dejarik. Ren is a horrible player. Strategy clearly isn’t his strength and when Hux beats him for the fifth time, he deactivates the board with a growl not unlike a Wookiee’s. Hux has to suppress a grin. Neither of them speaks a lot. The brief moment of intimacy they shared in Ren’s cabin has passed. An awkward silence settles between them and after a few unsuccessful attempts at small talk they decide to head back to their quarters to try and catch some sleep. ****** The next morning, Hux wakes up to a hammering on the door. He blinks his way into consciousness. Usually, he’s fully awake the moment he opens his eyes but he’s been caught in another strange dream and it takes a while before his surroundings fully register. He opens the door. It’s Solo. “Yes?” “We’re nearly there. Care to come and take a look?” With that, he snaps into full wake mode. “Of course. Give me three.” Solo nods and hammers against Ren’s door. Hux grabs his boots and rushes to the facilities. On his way back, he all but bumps into Ren who looks dishevelled but refreshed. He takes longer than Hux in the bathroom but looks like a human being when he finally re-emerges. “So, where are you taking us—Dad?” he asks. Solo’s face breaks into a wide grin upon being called ‘dad’ and nudges him. “Just you wait and see, kid. Come with me.” They follow him and Hux gives Ren a searching look. Ren shrugs and gives him a lop-sided grin. “There’s really no point rebelling against the facts any longer,” he says. “I must meditate on all of this some more but for now, I must face the truth.” Hux nods. It’s the most grown-up thing Ren’s said so far and he’s glad to hear it. There’ll be plenty of time for debriefing and reflection once they’ve settled down wherever Solo has taken them. For now, they must concentrate on what lies before them. When they arrive at the Falcon’s command centre, they are greeted by the sight of a planet that appears orange in colour and is surrounded by several moons. “Bespin,” Solo says. “Welcome to Cloud City, boys.” Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Of Hope and Strength series Next Work →