He was pushing himself, so far and so hard. Kylo admired his spirit, his drive, his passion, but he saw the toll it was taking on Finn's body. After their third private session, he arranged some things in his personal office for their use. He hoped Finn would see the benefit in driving himself to the edge without falling over into oblivion. “Enough. We're finished for today.” He said, halting the piano player. She gave him the same look she always gives him, with tiny, beady eyes behind her glasses and her frail hands curved over white keys. “But I just barely got started, I-” but he held a hand up to interrupt Finn. Time was of the essence. He motioned for him to get a drink, cool off, and he helped the piano woman gather her things. “You may leave us now, Linda. I'll make sure to pay you for the entire time.” He said, but she didn't speak back, she rarely ever spoke back. She offered a weak sign in response, a simple 'ok', and left without too much prodding. She knew Kylo to be a weird man, she knew of his tastes and desires, but she also knew the amount he was paying was far better than any other job she would find at her age. Kylo wondered, briefly, what she thought they'd be doing now, unaccompanied. Nothing, he reminded himself. Tonight was for Finn. He urged Finn to follow him, silent, to his office, and the moment they were behind closed doors he moved to get prepared. “I'm sorry, I know I was a little sloppy tonight, I'm just tired, it won't happen again I promise,” He pleaded, grip tightening on his bag. He was still in his thin tights, impossibly small shorts and a brand new form fitted tank. He must've taken Kylo's words to heart. “Set your things down, Finn. I'm not mad at you. Well, I am a little, but not for reasons you might think.” he said, thoroughly enjoying the thoughts washing over Finn's face. He was an open book if Kylo ever saw one, emoted so beautifully both with his body and with his face. He needed to keep that in check. Kylo lightly tapped the back of the red cushioned chair in front of his desk. Finn sat down, fingers finding each other in his lap. He was nervous, of course he would be. Any sensible person would be. But Kylo had to teach him this lesson. “You can't let your body fall to the wayside in favor of training.” It didn't make sense, to put forth all this effort just to let your body destroy itself. He learned this the hard way, but he'll make sure Finn understands this after tonight. “Take your tights off. Leave your shorts on, grab a jacket if you have one.” He sets out for his closet, grabbing the silver tub, it glints in the low light of his desk lamp, he didn't bother to turn the overhead light on. He doesn't need it. “Yes, of course.” the 'sir' was just behind his lips, Kylo could tell it almost slipped out, he craved Finn's obedience and submission, but not without a little work. The tub slid over the carpeted floor and barely made a sound. The ice in his minifridge was slightly melted, but that was perfect. He had his back to Finn's changing as he poured the first layer into the bath, then the second bag. He waited for Finn to finish redressing before tapping on the head end of the tub. Finn, confused and possibly scared, got in one elegant leg at a time. Kylo made sure to get a tub long enough for Finn to stretch his legs, that took a bit of time, to find a tub like this in that length. It was worth it, to see Finn settled down on the ice, legs flexing, shifting between pointed and relaxed. Kylo retrieved the other bags, slowly covering Finn's naked feet, calves and thighs before bothering to move further. “When you work as hard as you've been, you need to give your body a rest. And I don't mean taking a day off, I mean ice baths, nightly, until the end of our time together. But I assure you, you'll want to keep it up well into the program.” Kylo made a point of carefully arranging the ice around Finn's waist, keeping his hands there longer than necessary. He could see Finn reacting to the cold just slightly, his nod jilted and slow. He knelt on the floor behind him and rubbed down the length of Finn's ever expanding arms. He was slowly but surely building upper body strength, Kylo couldn't wait to see the kind of dancer he could mold Finn into. Finn didn't speak. Maybe he was too focused on the sensations, or he was too worried that this was a punishment. Either way, he kept his mouth shut, hands clutching the fabric of his thin now wet cardigan, for the entirely of the ten minutes Kylo had him sit. Even while Kylo wrapped his own clothed arms around Finn, even when he began to speak, about unimportant, trivial things. Kylo glanced at the on the wall behind his desk, it was time for Finn to get out lest he cause real damage to his legs. He held out a hand for Finn to sit up and step out of the ice, his legs were wobbling but he leant on Kylo as he took a clean towel and wiped down where Finn's body heat melted the ice. “This was not a punishment, Finn, trust me. You'll know when I'm punishing you.” He said, hands clinging to Finn's thighs through the towel. He can't see Finn nod, but he knows he does, he's too afraid to speak right now. Afraid of what he might say, perhaps? The thought drives Kylo wild, but he keeps his composure and dries Finn's other leg before pushing him down into the same chair to slide his socks ad shoes back on. When he stands, Finn looks at him with far too dark pupils blown wide. Kylo gives him the smile he reserves for no one and helps him to his feet again, but trusts him to make it home safely by himself. “I'll see you back here at 5:30 tomorrow. Have a good night, Finn.” Notes: jesus christ the lengths i went through to avoid posting this publicly but literally who cares. *throws hands up*