one month. that was how long he'd been here, rotting away. in this deep dark cavern of soft rock under the green mountain caked in trees, fauna smeared like blood over a skull. they played out their peaceful lives in a maze of tunnels and holes wide enough for him to stretch his arms out and hit both sides, tall enough that he'd have sludge-water dripping down the back of his neck as his scalp grazed against the rock. his hair was scruffy and biting his jaw now, blending with the beard that had leeched its way onto his face, and his back ached from bending down all the time to inch through tiny rock spaces. it wasn't that it mattered, considering how everybody lived here; an entire city tucked away into a pocket of rock, bustling and lit by lanterns and torches. money was determined in produce and stock, tiny-roomed houses situated on the sides of the mountain. they crawled up and up and up like thick vines, lighting up in the night like a giant honeycomb. busy worker bees with no queen. should have hit the damn thing with starkiller when i had the chance , he thought bitterly. a young girl with wide gold eyes and brown dappled skin, wrapped in dirty fabric, passed him. hux noticed her staring intently, almost as if she could read his thoughts. he apologetically stopped. the climate was damp and dark grey, humidity seemingly always hanging in the air. he found himself missing the vast expanses of snow on starkiller base, missing the way it twinkled and shattered when he stamped in it with his boot. he wondered if his past self would have appreciated the hot springs and wooden huts he had now over thick sheets and a pressed uniform. hux admired the marketplace in the center of the cave as he moved among the crowd; it was for honey, and it glowed a comforting yellow. tiny fireflies buzzed all around, most collected in jars for lighting. beings of all different species bustled and squabbled, grabbing pots and proffering animals for produce. he remembered the shaky voice of a small girl telling him how pricing on the stall worked. she'd wrung her hands while speaking. three dried dweebits gets you a medium jar, which, um, probably lasts you a fortnight or so depending on what you do with it, and then you'd have to catch more dweebits, and then... hux ducked into a tunnel, trying to remember the way to his hideout. hux slapped his hands against wet rock and pulled, grunting as he crawled out onto the ledge. when he'd been dropped off on taclonerth, he'd automatically decided to isolate himself as not to draw any attention. he had to get off here sometime , anyway. he had soon came to realize that he was being naive, even for a man of his experience - nobody was coming to rescue him, and he was stuck here unless he found a way to free himself. below him was only jungle, surrounded by a bowl of fog-capped mountains with even more houses. tunnels stretched underground so taclonerthians did not have to risk hacking through beast-filled foliage; many had entered and never came out in hopes of a shortcut. bodies of children were recovered on a weekly basis after they stretched too far from their parents wishes, harrowed cries echoing over the mountain. hux was the only person who could sleep at night without listening morbidly for shrill screams and roars from the dense jungle. on second day of his third week here, he had found a secret area. if he went past the honey market and through a network of tunnels, climbed over the crumbled rocks, inched through the tunnel to the left and crawled up the small ledge, he came out into a large cove. it glittered teal by slats of light falling in from above, illuminated like a bubble. it smelt of salt and seaweed, the water warm and lapping gently against the sides of the large deep pool in front of him. a large waterfall, backed by smaller ones, flowed into the pool. hux padded barefoot over wet stone and perched on a rock. he dug a knife from his pocket and started to scrape at some wood he found in the tunnel earlier. hux glanced up when he heard a small splash, and saw the top of a head staring at him. he dropped his head again, smiling at the sound of smooth water being pushed as he whittled. he looked from underneath his eyelashes, and saw her resting on the ledge, arms crossed loosely. "hello," she said with a smile. hux dropped the wood, but kept the knife gripped in his hand as he stood up and sat down. "hello," he replied. "how are you?" being left to fend for himself didn't mean he forgot his manners, especially in the company of mermaids. "i'm fine," she replied with a small laugh. "did you forget my name already?" her voice was soft, and hux felt himself slipping into a dreamlike comfort as she spoke. this was playtime. "in-dra," he replied slowly, trying to regain himself. he knew what would happen if he didn't. water glittered off her tanned shoulders, blonde hair sticking to her head. an opal tail swayed in the water behind her, turning pale pink at the fins. "your-your name is indra." "very good," he heard her giggle, and she sounded far away now. he glanced at his hand as she stroked it. grabbed it. his vision was blurring at the edges from her touch. he saw blue eyes slip into gold and jerked back abruptly, everything hurtling back into focus as she lurched forwards with a tearing hiss, sharp nails scratching on the rock. hux staggered back out of her reach, heart pounding. indra slashed at the rock, exposing sharp fangs. the scales on her body had melted to spikes, her beauty feral. hux breathed hard and ran towards the exit of the cave, stopping at the entrance and turning around. indra glared at him, slowly sinking back under the water and swimming away. hux turned back and ran. in the mountain below, he heard a steady drumbeat beginning. hux shakily pulled himself from a tiny gap of rock, popping free. he stopped for a second, panting in the humid night air. he made a long droning noise of exhaustion, pulling himself up and staggering towards his home. the windows were lit yellow and warm from oil lamps, frosted around the edges. hux unbolted the door and stepped inside, filthy feet meeting wooden floorboards. he barred the door (protection), before stepping through into the tiny hallway. west led to a living room, northwest a kitchen, north a bathroom, and east a bedroom. each room was practically a cubicle, with just enough room for everything needed. at least it was tall enough for him, by a foot. he rubbed his eyes as he walked into the living room, curling up and tucking his legs onto the couch fixed to the wall. the temperature of the cabins was kept generally chilled by ice built in underneath, but they could be adjusted by lighting small fires to let heat pass in. it was far too warm already, but hux liked it that way - he didn't want to be reminded of starkiller. was it possible to be homesick for somewhere that wasn't your home? hux crawled into the pile of blankets that served as a couch, rolling around and swaddling himself like a baby. rain was starting to slash against the windows, producing a steady drumbeat; this was not unusual for taclonerth, with the planet experiencing daily rainstorms that left steaming humidity and dampness in their wake. if a storm occurred in the day, it was not uncommon to see young children screaming and laughing in the hot springs as heavy rainfall beat down. the endless patter soon turned into a calming lullaby as he felt his eyes slip closed, exhausted from a day of fending for scraps and scratching at rock. crusty maroon blood was caked under his nails. tap-tap-tap. he almost didn't hear it at first, the noise merging with the rainwater in his daze. but then, louder- TAP-TAP-TAP. there was someone at the door. hux slipped out from his nest, grabbing a butterfly knife as the knocking continued, getting more frantic by the minute. he inched towards the door, locking back into his muscle memory; blasters, clean kills, military tough love. hux approached the door and slowly unbolted it before wrenching it open, raising the knife as he did so. you yelped and screamed at the shock of the movement, leading the man in front of you to bark in surprise. hux stared at you incredulously, softly saying your name under his breath like a code word. "what are you-?" "i-i can explain later, but hux - please, please let me in." "you shouldn't be here, on this planet," hux said to you as you gulped down starchy hot broth. he sat across from you, arms folded with a disparaging expression. "it's dangerous." you narrowed your eyes at him. "like i had a choice ," you spat. "what do you mean?" you stopped guzzling and stared at him over the rim of the bowl, eyes wide. "i- do you really not know?" there was a pause. "i've been here as long as you have, living on the other side of the mountain - we were dropped here together. my hut was destroyed recently, and i've been searching for you for weeks. and, well-" you spread your arms out. "-here i am." hux blinked at you, wet tendrils of hair sticking to your face as you set your jaw, eyes wide. "i- you came through the forest?" he mumbled. "i walked around the edge of the mountain - the short route." hux snorted at your humor. "christ." you glanced him over as you chewed, taking him in. the fit young general you had known previously looked like a shadow of his former self; his hair was damp with sweat and rain, his beard was matted. you stifled a giggle as you saw how he'd attempted to tame it into submission, the uneven cut telling you all you needed to know. he looked fragile, and starving, and his clothes were filthy. you felt a pang of sympathy, and pushed your bowl towards him. "are you not hungry?" hux asked you after glancing down at it. you shook your head. "i want you to eat it." he scoffed. "i'm not hungry." "really? i'm sure a diet of lizards and ferns is proving delicious for you," you said sharply, and hux twitched a little. you nodded at the bowl, and he scrabbled forwards to grab it, nails chipping the cracked porcelain. he gulped down what remained, and set it down shakily. "look at you. you've turned into a lapdog." "fuck off ," he spat, and you smiled wryly. you grabbed his hand. "come into the bathroom. let's get you cleaned up." the bathtub was small but surprisingly clean, and the water was warm and clear. while taclonerth might have been short in food and clothing, there was no shortage of water or natural heat to be found - especially considering the geysers. you discreetly glanced at hux over your shoulder as he undressed, wincing at the sight of his bruised chest and slender limbs. he seemed to still look quite full and healthy, but it was clear he seemed weaker from within. he slowly folded his clothes and placed them on the floor, one by one, until he was completely naked. you swished your arm in the water, watching it glitter and sway. hux cleared his throat behind you and you turned around, trying to look at his face. "ah, sorry. okay, come on - in!" you said, and hux climbed in slowly. as he sank into the water, you watched his expression melt into one of pure pleasure, his eyes closing as he leaned back and relaxed. you could practically see the tension falling away from him, and his skin was turning pink from the heat. "too hot?" you asked, and he shook his head. "just right," he sighed, and you blushed a little. you turned to leave. "well, you should probably wash yourself, so if you need me i'll-" "no." hux cut you off, and you stopped, heart thudding. "come back here and get in with me." you were caught off-guard. "what are you-" "are you disobeying orders from your general ?" he asked huskily, and your insides twisted at his expression - it was one of pure lust, his blue eyes glittering now uncovered by his hair. you could see a delicate sheen of sweat on his skin, and he bought back a hand to run through his hair. you felt a familiar heat pool between your legs, and you felt light-headed - from the sudden rush or the heat, you didn't know. but the way hux was looking at you definitely had an effect. "you're-you're not a general." you blurted out stupidly, and then felt your face flush. "i-i mean- of course not, sir- general ." "then come ." it was the stress on that final word that made you shakily slide off your clothes and climb in opposite him. your body smarted a little at the water as you carefully wriggled and crunched into the side of the bath, hair slowly getting damp from the steam. hux watched your every move as he dragged his fingers lazily through the bath. there was a pause, and he suddenly leaned forwards, moving his body so both his arms were planted either side of you and your noses were practically touching. you could hear his nails scratching against the porcelain, and you closed your eyes as hux leaned in and kissed you. the movement was not sudden or unanticipated; in fact it was rather sweet and soft, but it had hunger, and a feral quality which was begging to be let loose. you shivered and twitched when you felt his cold fingers pressing small circles into your thigh; he was either testing you or trying to break you, and at this point you couldn't care which. hux deepened the kiss, his tongue slipping inside your mouth as his beard scratched at your skin and his fingers slid up your thigh, tracing along your slit. you had been wet way before you got into the water, and you sighed as he rubbed two fingertips over your clit, his touch insistent. you suddenly broke the kiss with a gasp. "not here." "what-" "your room. go. now ." the bedroom was thankfully just big enough for the two of you, and you squeaked as hux threw you onto the bed, both of you still wet from the bath you didn't bother to drain. he climbed over you, his hair dripping at the ends - his skin was still warm to the touch - and immediately kissed you again. this kiss was unlike the one from earlier; it was filled with ferocity, so much so that you tasted blood on your bottom lip (his or yours?) hux broke off you, breathing hard, and you whined at the absence of touch, hands reaching up shakily to skitter over his chest. "well, aren't you eager?" he murmured, and you twisted. "you're going to be convulsing all night if i can help it." your thighs were sticky from your wetness dripping down them, soaking the sheets. you rubbed your legs together, trying to create some friction to quell the desire. hux watched you, his expression indicating to you that he's finding your attempts funny. "lie back. legs open." he ordered you, and then dipped between the space you've created. your eyes squeezed shut, and you yelped as he suddenly blew gently on your burning core. "please," you begin. "please, hux- ge-general, please !" "please what?" hux replies, one finger pressing against your entrance. the rain was still falling. "do you want me to fuck you on my fingers until you're begging for me to stop?" he catches your swollen clit with his nail, and you gasp at the tiny spark of pain. "do you want me to make you cum until you're screaming?" he pushes two fingers inside you, and your back arched. "look at you," he says softly. "so desperate ." hux watched you shiver and jolt as he massaged up against your g-spot with his fingertips. you think about how many times you'd stared at his hands while on base, what you'd imagined them doing to you in your quarters each night, all alone. "you're so fucking tight ," he hisses. "makes me wonder if you're even going to be able to handle my cock." he suddenly lapped at your clit, and you moan loudly, body stretching as his arm locks around your hips to pull you closer. he was sloppy, and uncalculated, but it felt so good you couldn't care less. hux's tongue was warm, and his cold fingers felt so good inside of you, even though the contrast was almost painful. "i don't think i've ever eaten a pussy that tastes so good ," you heard him say. "you're so sweet , dripping down my mouth like this. do you like riding my face, darling?" his tongue slid up the full length of your slit, and his fingers curl inside you in such a way that everything becomes too much suddenly and you came, body arching and hands pressing into the wall as you gasp and cry out. hux laps at you gently, kissing your clit. he moved backwards to sit up and you whined, kneeling up and scrabbling forwards on your hands and knees. he stopped you with a finger to your lips - "ah, ah, ah. you have to taste me too." his hand moved back across your head to push you down, fingers tangling in your hair. you took him in to your mouth with a little too much eagerness, feeling hux harden more as you began to lick gently, bobbing your head. his pleasured sighs from above you prompted you to go a little deeper, and you attempted to take him all into your throat, feeling your stomach twist pleasurably at his moans. his hand twisted your hair painfully, pulling at it as if to control you. "ah, you dirty girl! you love this!" he says with a laugh, and you felt his hips twitch. you moaned in agreement, the noise sending vibrations along his length, and you heard hux gasp before he pulled you off his cock and came, his warm cum decorating your face and hair. you opened your mouth to catch the rest of it, swallowing it down. you licked along the head of his cock for more, only stopping when he grabbed your jaw suddenly, his voice gravelly and dark - "turn over. now." you wiped at your face with the back of your hand, licking your wrists as you settled on your front with your ass up. you were practically purring in pleasure as you felt hux grab your hips, his hands cold. "are you ready?" he asks simply, and it's practically rhetorical in nature as you felt him pressing at your entrance. "yes, hux, plea- oh !" you wail as he pushes inside you, and you felt beautifully full for a second before he pulled out again and began to thrust. hux leaned forwards to grab your throat and tilt your head up before kissing you, his other hand sliding across your stomach to play with your clit. you wriggled and thrashed, pressing your backside against him as he fucked you hard and fast and rough, his tempo suggesting he'd been waiting for this. his fingers were borderline icy next to the heat of your core, providing a wonderful contrast as he catches the sensitive nub under his middle finger, rubbing in fast little circles. he hit your spot with every thrust, suddenly pulling out to turn you over so you could see him. his eyes were burning through the darkness, and he ran a hand through his hair. his movements were feral and you knew you were going to be aching when the morning came, but that thought was soon lost when hux growled, "i want to see you come for me. i want to hear you scream my name as your pretty little cunt clenches around me. i want you to know that you're mine. say you're mine!" he suddenly yells. you managed to choke out, "i-i'm yours." "yours who?" "i'm yours, hux! i'm yours, i'm yours, i'm yours! now - ah, fuck ! - p-please let me-!" he pressed a finger to your lips, his fingertips rolling over your clit. "come for your general, darling," you heard him say, and you do. you came hard, head rolling back as your sensitive pussy throbbed around him, and hux grabbed your hips and gave one, two, three final rough thrusts before he came too, filling you up. you whined and moaned, your small hands gripping the sheets as hux sighed and pulled out of you, his cum dripping from your sore pussy. you felt him kiss the side of your neck, your shoulders, your jaw, before he murmured, "thank you." you both curl up into each other afterwards, exhausted and breathing hard. you didn't realize it would feel so cathartic, and, as you glance up at hux, you think he felt the same. you feel born-again, your body practically radiating light like a celestial being. touched by an angel. hux is staring at the shadows of rain on the glass of the window, his pale eyes still overtaken by his blown pupils. "you don't look like yourself," you whisper, tracing a hand against the side of his face. his beard is sharp. "i feel like myself," he replies simply, his gaze turning to you. he draws your other hand up to his mouth, kissing your knuckles. "i've never felt more like myself than when i'm around you." you smile, the storm still raging outside. Notes: find me on tumblr at phamsa .