Never Enough Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) General Hux stands in front of the full-length mirror in the darkness of his quarters. He’s completely naked, skin ghostly in the weak light of the stars outside the viewport. Hux doesn’t know how many hours have passed since he last ate or slept but he can count the years to the day since he last did this . With both hands, Hux drags his fingernails down the length of his chest, parting ways just above his waist and following the ripples of his ribs outward. Hux does not draw blood but leaves red lines in his wake. He moves his hands lower, gliding down the taut skin of his sides. He grabs the soft flesh over his stomach, digging his nails into it as though he could tear it right off with enough force. Hux feels the jut of his hipbones and grips them tight, hard enough to bruise, like they could be sculpted under his hands. He squeezes his hips harder, imagining — wishing — that he could shatter his own bones and turn them to dust. He’s desperate to feel something but everything is still numb after Starkiller. Hux clenches his teeth and blinks furiously, willing away the tears that threaten to spill from his eyes. Useless , says the voice in his head. Weak-willed . That voice guided him through his Academy years, kept him disciplined. He couldn’t have finished school without the voice. It had reminded him that he was not perfect, always a work in progress and that there was always something that he could improve upon, always more that could be done. Hux never thought the voice to be too harsh and accepted the truth: he was never enough. Sometimes he thought he heard the voice speak with his father’s accent and intonation, but each time he dismissed it as a trick of his mind. Your father loved you . A deep pang of hunger rolls through Hux, the head of a beast emerging from a murky lake. His stomach offers a hollow protest, the echo of emptiness inside him. Hux balls his right hand into a fist and sinks it into his abdomen to silence its growling. He grinds his knuckles against the tender flesh, pushing his treacherous body into submission. Hux crosses the room to his bed and lies on his front. It’s a chilly evening but Hux will sleep naked so that the cold can keep his sleeping body in check. Hux falls asleep with his fist still sunk into his middle and the hunger gnawing at him inside. Quiet tears trail down his cheeks and settle in the hollow of his collarbones, like the water from the Academy showers all those years ago. When Hux awakes the next morning, the hunger is gone. He looks in the mirror and smiles without mirth. When Hux sees his own eyes, he swears he can see the voice smiling with him. Hux stares into his cup of lukewarm caf. He has taken two sips of it and cannot bring himself to choke down the rest. His stomach churns with anxiety as he glances at the chronometer on his datapad. Thirty gruelling minutes until his meeting with the Supreme Leader. This is the first meeting Hux will have with Snoke since the destruction of Starkiller; when Hux arrived at his base with Ren, he had simply sent for one of Kylo’s knights to escort him planetside and ordered Hux to return to the Finalizer . That was three standard weeks ago. Since then, Hux had thrown himself back into his work, drawing up reports and gathering data about the weakness in the thermal oscillator, that blasted failure — no, his blasted failure — that allowed the collapse of Starkiller Base to occur. He had taken on extra shifts to distract himself from thoughts of this impending meeting. Hux checks his chrono again. Twenty minutes until his meeting. He wants to pace to try and walk off some of his nerves but he knows he would do better to conserve his energy. He had slept poorly, managing to ward off his hunger for a while but he awoke that morning more tired than he was when he went to bed. The raw fear of this meeting is the only thing keeping Hux attentive. Starkiller Base was your fault! It was your flawed design, the voice screams at Hux. Your Stormtrooper program, your defect! The Resistance didn’t kill your staff — you and your incompetence did. The least the Supreme Leader should do to you is torture you and strip you of your rank! You deserve it, you worthless piece of shit! Hux inhales slowly and squeezes his eyes shut. He cannot stand this tension any longer; the air, coloured heavy with loss, smothers him. So Hux decides to make his way to the meeting chamber. It doesn’t matter if he’s early; it will give him time to get used to his surroundings and practice his answers before Snoke arrives. If anyone along the way notes the General’s agitated gait, they do not show it. Hux ignores his saluting subordinates and does not even stop to relieve them. He is too focused on rehearsing his lines, ready for at least a dozen different approaches depending on the Supreme Leader’s questions and reactions. Hux has planned for everything, from suggesting new strategies to pleading for his life. He hopes to the stars he will not have to resort to the latter. With another deep breath, Hux enters the chamber. It is smaller and nowhere near as ornate as the one on Starkiller Base had been, with durasteel walls instead of duracrete. Its furnishings are modest but its ceiling is high enough to accommodate the size of Snoke’s hologram. Hux positions himself with his back to the doors and imagines that the Supreme Leader is already towering over him. He swallows dryly and tries to halt his racing thoughts. It’s going to be all right, Hux tells himself. You know what to say. You’ll be accountable and tell Snoke you’re working to pinpoint the problem and ensure there is no repeat, ever. You’ve already made progress; there are officers drawing up new designs as we speak. As for the Stormtrooper program — The grey hologram of the Supreme Leader crackles to life, interrupting Hux’s train of thought. Hux’s heart is beating so fast and so loudly, the sound overwhelming his own senses. He wouldn’t be surprised if the Supreme Leader could hear it. Still, he maintains eye contact with Snoke, vowing not to break his resolve. Hux’s stomach emits an inappropriate rumble, reminding him that he has yet to eat this cycle. In response, Hux tenses his abdominal muscles. It is Snoke who speaks first. “You do not need to be informed of the ramifications of your failure,” Snoke begins. “The weapon. The traitor.” Snoke pauses. “General. How are we to proceed?” Hux frowns and curls his lip into a sneer, afraid that he may cry if he does not. “We have already begun our analysis of the shortcomings in the design of Starkiller Base. As we speak, data is being —” Snoke exhales loudly enough for Hux to know that he has not answered the question. “Supreme Leader,” Hux reattempts. He struggles to move his tongue in his parched mouth. “Despite our losses, the Resistance is weaker than before. They have not had enough time to stage a complete relocation. They may have evacuated — our intelligence department can verify that — but much of their equipment and supplies and information remain in the Ileenium system. Further, we have the success of the Republic’s destruction on our side. Without a government, they cannot provide for the Outer Rim planets. They cannot enforce our continued exile. They cannot defend themselves against us. While our loss on Starkiller was significant, the combined forces of all the Order’s branches outnumber them.” Hux takes another deep breath and steadies his voice. “We can send details on tour to the remote planets and build local governments. At the same time, we can move in on the Core Worlds and replace the ruins of the Republic with a new Senate. “Pending your approval, Supreme Leader, we can hold a summit of High Command to develop exact plans,” Hux finishes, a tiny hint of hope in his voice. Snoke leans back in his chair, humming pensively and without indicating whether Hux’s response is satisfactory. Hux can feel a cold sweat on the back of his neck and he clenches his gloved hands beneath his greatcoat. This is it , Hux thinks. I’m condemned to death. What will it be? Firing squad? Force-choke? Decapitation? Hux runs through the innumerable ways to die, trying to name as many as he can to keep himself grounded. No matter his fate, he will not cower before the Supreme Leader. Hux does not know how long it is before Snoke finally speaks again. “Good,” he says. “See to your plans. My apprentice will join you shortly. Align your duties with his.” Before Hux can say anything more, Snoke’s hologram flickers and dissolves. Shock roots Hux to the spot. Why didn’t he order your execution or torture or removal or a thousand other terrible things? Does this mean he’s happy with this plan? And he didn’t even mention FN-2187! No further questions, no dismissal, nothing! Hux feels the adrenaline rush through his body, his thoughts flooded with relief yet he is unable to relax. Hux forces himself to move in the direction of the exit, reeling a little from the stress of the meeting and his physical light-headedness. Hux is barely out of the chamber when something large and black steps into his path and Hux collides headlong into it, skyrocketing his already elevated heart rate. On instinct Hux backs away and looks up — only to find himself face to face with the mask of Kylo Ren. Hux’s shock rapidly turns to anger and he shoves Ren with all his might, causing Kylo to take a step backwards, but no more. “What the fuck are you doing here?” Hux snaps. “Did the Supreme Leader not inform you of my arrival?” Ren replies, a note of amusement in his voice. “When he said ‘shortly,’ the implication was not ‘immediately,’” Hux says. “It’s a pleasure to see you too, General,” Kylo teases. Hux does not reply. He cannot help but inspect Ren, fresh from his completed training. His mask is new, to make up for the one he lost on Starkiller. Hux can see that there is no lightsaber clipped to Kylo’s belt and that he appears otherwise unarmed. Ren looks to be in better health than the last time they saw each other, but it’s impossible for Hux to assess the true extent of Ren’s recovery without seeing the wounds themselves. He doubts that he will have the chance to inspect them anytime soon. Hux draws his gaze away from Ren. He smooths down his uniform and adjusts his hat. Hux is probably needed on the bridge; he’s been away too long already. Hux tries to continue his journey but Ren’s voice stops him. “I see that the Supreme Leader also did not inform you that we are to confer.” “I am well aware of my instructions. We don’t have to do this now. I have work to do.” “We ought to meet soon. My time is transient.” “I’ll send an invitation to your datapad.” With that, Hux sweeps past Kylo without so much as a backward glance. Kylo watches him go, noting the way that the General puts his hand on his stomach as he walks away. The meeting with the Supreme Leader had taken less time than Hux thought. Once back on the bridge, he checks in with his staff and finds all operations proceeding as normal. Nodding to Colonel Datoo, he excuses himself and goes to his office. Grateful for the time and space to himself, Hux sheds his coat and hangs it on a hook near the door. Hux settles into the chair at his workstation, peeling off his gloves and setting his hat down. He still cannot believe that he made it out of his meeting alive. He tries to focus his thoughts on his duties but his eyes wander to a button on his workstation. You deserve it this time, the voice says. You’ve earned it. Hux considers the voice’s words. But he’s still responsible for so many failures. It was by sheer fluke that the Supreme Leader had not punished him at all. Perhaps he secretly has no faith in Hux’s plans and intends for his future failures to be his punishment? There could be worse things to come. No; he hasn’t earned anything. You’re alive, aren’t you? Just this once, it’s all right. You won’t have to punish yourself like last time. Hux gives in and pushes the button, which opens up a slot on the right side of the console and deposits a nutrition bar into his waiting hand. Hux is just about to unwrap it when he stops suddenly, forgetting himself. He gets up and crosses to the left side of the room, where a large black dispenser stands. Hux flips a switch and the machine comes to life, filling the room with its vibrating and buzzing. It takes several minutes for the machine to complete its task. When it is done, Hux sits down again, holding a single glass of filtered water. All water aboard the Finalizer is carefully rationed and recycled wherever possible. On rare occasions, the Finalizer is able to dock and replenish its supply of fresh water, but such opportunities are often years apart. The higher-ranking officers have access to the same complex water purifiers and are permitted to consume their designated portions at their leisure throughout the day, whereas the Stormtroopers have no choice but to drink at mealtimes only. Hux consistently drinks well under his own allowance, partly for conservation purposes and partly because for all its value, he does not care for its taste. Hux closes his eyes and downs the water in one gulp, grimacing as though it were medicine. Satisfied that he has fulfilled his ritual, Hux tears open the packaging of the nutrition bar and breaks a piece off the end. It’s a familiar, comforting flavour: bland and functional. He chews on it thoughtfully but does not savour the taste. He continues to break off small chunks of it, never biting directly into it with his teeth. When he is done, he tosses the wrapper down the garbage chute and spritzes his hands with sanitiser. Getting to work, Hux composes the message that he will transmit to the twelve other First Order Generals and its thirteen Admirals. He knows that they all received the report on Starkiller’s collapse two weeks ago, but whether they had bothered to look through its contents was another matter. Hux rises from his chair and puts his gloves back on. He slides two fingers across his workstation and a screen pops up. Hux looks back at an image of himself as he will appear in the recording he sends. He clears his throat, taps the screen and begins. “Greetings. My name is General Hux, commander of the Resurgent -class Star Destroyer Finalizer . I hope this message finds you well. As you may know, the First Order suffered the loss of Starkiller Base, the details of which are in the most recent communication you received from me. I have conferred with Supreme Leader Snoke and I am initiating a summit of High Command with his approval. While the loss of Starkiller Base is certainly a setback, the Order’s accomplishments prior to its destruction present us with opportunities that we should discuss. “Given the time-sensitivity of our affairs, I propose to hold this summit on the thirtieth cycle, one week from the date of this transmission. The summit itself will last for two cycles. If you are able to attend, you are invited to spend the duration of the summit in comfort aboard the Finalizer . If you cannot attend in person, you may participate via holoconference. Once I have received conformation of your availability, I shall send you the agenda, which you may amend before the start of the summit. “Please respond promptly. I look forward to a fruitful discussion and developing an action plan with you.” Hux balls his left hand into a fist and raises it. “To the First Order,” he says, and ends the recording. Hux pulls up the data files of the other twelve First Order Generals and its thirteen Admirals. He records himself addressing them all by name and inserts that clip into his first transmission — personalised greetings are more likely to result in positive responses, Hux has learned. It takes Hux two hours to produce an acceptable cut of each transmission and a further half hour to play each one back for quality assurance. Finally satisfied, he sends each one via a secure channel to its recipient. Checking that item off on his to-do list, Hux takes up his datapad and scrolls through the numerous reports that he’d received while working. He will read them this evening. A notification flashes in his message box. Frowning, he opens it. From: Kylo Ren To: General A. Hux Subject: Meeting? We need to confer. Supreme Leader’s Orders. Send your invitation. — KR. Irritated, but not enough to pick a fight with Ren over it, Hux sends his response. From: General A. Hux To: Kylo Ren Subject: RE: Meeting? 1 Attachment, Meeting Invitation. Location: Conference Room 1138. Duration: 20:00–21:30. Participants: Kylo Ren, General A. Hux. Responded: 1. Seconds after Hux sends the message, his datapad tells him that Kylo has opened it and has accepted the invitation. Good — another thing he can check off his mental list. Hux looks at his chrono, which reads 19:03. His shift ended over an hour ago and most of the crew in his area of the ship are eating dinner in the mess hall. Hux occasionally makes an appearance in staff common areas to boost morale but he has avoided the mess hall since he returned to the Finalizer . Dinner is out of the question, Hux decides; he already ate this cycle. Gathering his things, Hux’s thoughts are full of the prospect of taking a shower that evening, reading over the reports he didn’t get to look at during his shift, and preparing for what is certain to be another stressful shift tomorrow. As the office doors hiss shut behind Hux, the voice beams. Notes: Content Notes: - I have done my best to be as thorough as possible with the tags. If I have missed something that you think should be tagged, please let me know in the comments and I will add the tag, no questions asked. Personal Notes: - There’s space Google Calendar and space Skype in Star Wars. We all know it to be true. - I can’t be the only person who hates the taste of water. I grew up in a coastal town so the water was always a little chalky. Where I live now is so far away from the sea and the water tastes awful. - From my own experience cutting together a film, it’s so much more time consuming than I initially thought it would be. Hux puts together 25 transmissions in two hours and I cannot adequately express how impressive that is. - I am so sorry. Hux is going to have a bad time. If you or anyone you know is suffering from an eating disorder, I've listed some resources that may help. Although some services are location-specific, many of them also offer information and remote support. I’m on tumblr and I’m available to talk and offer support in whatever way I can. National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) The National Association for Males with Eating Disorders (NAMED) National Eating Disorder Information Centre (NEDIC) Eating Disorder Hope Beat I was really nervous about posting this so if you leave a comment telling me what you thought, positive or negative, it would mean so much to me. Thank you <3 Chapter 2 : Too Much Summary: Hux and Kylo's meeting does not go as planned. Notes: Content warning for in-depth depiction of anxiety and living with an eating disorder. This chapter is the primary reason for the Graphic Depictions of Violence tag and I encourage you to proceed with caution. Specific warnings for explicit descriptions of binging, purging, and food rituals, as well as two instances of using bathroom scales (no numbers involved), minor drug use, self-hatred, and body image issues. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Despite his hatred of drinking water, Hux loves the feeling of a water shower. Most other officers have to make do with sonic showers, which, for all their efficiency, are much less satisfying to stand under. Threading his hands through his hair, Hux massages shampoo into his scalp. He soaps his entire body with care, sliding his hands over his chest, his back. Hux rubs his thighs, soap snaking down his calves. He runs his hands down his arms, stopping to circle his right hand around his left wrist and smiles as he feels his middle finger overlap his thumb. After he rinses the suds from his hair and the soap from his body, Hux shuts off the water and steps out, wrapping a towel around his waist. He wastes no time cleaning his teeth, looking at himself in the mirror as he does so. Two purple-ringed eyes set against pale skin stare back at him. Frowning, Hux spits into the sink and reaches into the cabinet for his concealer, which he dabs under each eye. Taking a deep breath, Hux lets his towel fall to his feet. He steps onto his fresher scale, located directly in front of a full-length mirror. Hux closes his eyes and stands as still as he can to allow the number on the display screen to settle. When he opens his eyes again, the number he sees is lower than it was yesterday, but still much too high for his liking. He can almost feel the voice sitting on his shoulder, like a friend. Good, but not good enough. Never good enough. Hux looks up and confronts his naked reflection. An abundance of pale flesh stares back, the almost-outline of his ribs taunting him. Hux turns to the side and inspects his stomach, one hand pinching a phantom roll of fat. He looks no different than the day before. Just as repulsive as ever , the voice says. Hux looks back down at the scale, then again at his reflection. The voice is right, he concedes. What if there’s a problem with his scale? He adds half a kilo — no, a full kilo — to the number shown to account for any margin of error. Disgusting . Getting off the scale, Hux commences work on his hair, parting it in on the left side of his head, the same style he has worn for years. He combs gel through it to hold it in place, enjoying the feel of manipulating the strands. Hux looks into the mirror again and starts to recognise himself. He dresses mechanically, his mind on the meetings he will attend today, the sectors he will inspect, the plans he’ll approve, the agenda for the summit that he has to compose. He loops his belt around his waist — is it tighter than yesterday, or is that just his imagination? Hux shakes his head; it doesn’t matter, as long as it fits. Hux exits his fresher and sits on his bed to pull on his boots. His datapad flashes with his schedule for the day, which he opens and glances over. There are no surprises, except the meeting he forgot he arranged with Ren. Hux has no love for him, but he would be lying to himself if he said he wasn’t a little curious about what Ren’s own assigned tasks were and how they were supposed to “align” with Hux’s. Deciding to leave his coat and hat behind, Hux brushes down his uniform and heads out to the Finalizer’s command deck, determined to walk right past the mess hall without stopping on his way. Hux waits until the end of his shift to review his communications and expects to go through them swiftly; however, the other members of High Command are as diligent as he is and most of them have already sent their replies. Hux appreciates their punctuality but sifting through all of their messages one after the other will no doubt be a little overwhelming. He considers the twenty notifications flashing on his holoprojector with a sigh. The Generals and Admirals thank him for the invitation and acknowledge receipt of Hux’s post-Starkiller report. Eighteen of them confirm their attendance in person and two send their regrets, requesting to be present via holoconference. Hux suspects a hint of smugness in two or three of the messages from other Generals when they mention his Starkiller report, and a note of disappointment in a few others. Hux had heard of most of them long before they ever heard of him; they were the names that his instructors at the Academy cited as exemplary, the names that held school records and that were carved into trophies and awards. Their portraits hung in the Academy mess hall where Hux and his peers had grown up hearing about their victories and accomplishments, knowing that similar success was in their futures too. When Hux surpassed them all, becoming the youngest General in the First Order’s history, the older Generals resented him. A newcomer, only eight years out of the Academy, in charge of the Starkiller Base project and commander of the Order’s flagship Star Destroyer and graced with the Supreme Leader’s favour. They were never obvious about their resentment but Hux could always detect it in their meetings; it was in the edge to their words, the twitch of their lips, and their glaring eyes. Hux sighs again at the memories. The coldness of their messages stings but by the time Hux sees them in person, he will be unperturbed. He finds the Admirals’ replies to be friendlier in nature; one or two of them ask how he is and a further two apologise for the loss of Starkiller as though they were consoling Hux about the loss of a relative. Glancing at his chrono, Hux realises he’s worked until well after his shift again and he has about an hour left until his meeting with Kylo. It will take him approximately three minutes to get to the conference room — surely there’s something productive he can do in the meantime? Hux runs through the remaining items on his to-do list. He’s completed the summit agenda, the sector inspections, and addressed everything as planned in the day’s meetings. There’s one report left to review, but Hux knows he can’t finish looking it over to the standards that he would like in less than an hour, so he decides to head back to his quarters, which will increase the length of his trip to the conference room by two minutes. The quickest route to his quarters is past the mess hall — no matter, he can march past it as he always does. The dinnertime scents — Hux can’t help but guess that there’s gravy — the clink of cutlery, the clutter, the chatter, weave their way through his head. Hux feels his thoughts lagging, unfocused and foggy, and his stomach twisting, protesting. Has he eaten today? Hux speeds up his pace and heads straight for his fresher. Snatches up a bottle of stimulants from the cabinet. With trembling hands he shakes out two pills and glances to the looming purifier. He doesn’t think he can stomach the water right now so he dry-swallows the pills, leaving a lump of bitter aftertaste in his throat. Another glance at his chrono. Forty minutes until his meeting with Ren. He won’t sleep, Hux decides, he’ll just lie down for a bit. Hux plods to his bed, sinks into the mattress without bothering to take off his boots. He lies with his eyes to the ceiling, zoned out and looking at nothing. He doesn’t trust himself; he can’t close his eyes, so he waits for the stims to kick in. A sharp jolt of pain courses through him and his hand automatically goes to his stomach. You haven’t eaten today. Another glance at his chrono. Thirty-six minutes to his meeting. Hux squeezes his eyes shut then opens them wide, his pupils enlarging. Were the lights always this bright? “Lights, twenty per cent,” Hux says. It won’t do to be unfocused when meeting with Ren. He’ll need all his energy to concentrate and likely to argue with the Knight. Another glance at his chrono — thirty-five minutes this time. Hux massages his temples then picks up his comm. His voice shakes as he speaks: “I’ll eat in my quarters tonight.” When his meal arrives, exactly twenty-seven minutes until his meeting with Ren, Hux is glued to his datapad, poring over the nutrition stats that he had requested. The droid enters, meal tray in hand. Hux was right — there was gravy involved. “Thank you,” Hux murmurs, then wonders why he thanked a simple service droid. Taking a seat by the viewport, Hux balances the tray in his lap and stares down his dinner as though expecting a venomous creature to crawl out of it. He pushes his food around his plate and prods it with his fork, cutting it up as he inventories its contents: carbs, meat, vegetables. Hux stares some more, torn between wanting to shove it all down his gullet at once and wanting to toss the whole thing out of the airlock. I have to eat thi s, Hux reasons with himself. I must . You will eat slowly , the voice chips in. You will not taste any of it . Yes. I don’t deserve to , Hux agrees, and the voice hums in delight. Hux starts off obediently with a forkful of meat, counting to ten as he chews. One-two-three-four-five-six. He swallows on six — shit, curse your fat arse — he’ll have to do better. His stomach groans at the invasion of sustenance. The next bite is slower and Hux makes it to ten, the meat ground to flavourless pulp in his mouth. The texture is mushy, all the gravy long gone and he grimaces as he forces it down. As he starts on the vegetables, Hux nearly drops his fork — he forgot to drink his requisite water glass before dinner. Tears spring to his eyes; he can’t even follow the rules he sets for himself. Well, there’s no point in getting one now. You’re damned useless , taunts the voice. You might as well just give up and disregard all your rules. No, my resolve will not break, Hux thinks to himself. I can recover this, I can, I can ! He tries again, but swallows on four. Fuck it. What’s the point. Just finish already. Get this over with. And he does, spearing food with his fork as though it were a kabob, filling his mouth so full he can barely chew. Closing his mouth is an effort, juices and spit squirt from his lips but Hux is too busy moving his fork plate-to-mouth to notice or care. The next helping, Hux discards his fork — it’ll be quicker to eat with his hands, he thinks through the haze of hunger. He tosses his gloves to the floor, breaking the last barrier between him and his food. With a quivering hand, Hux scoops mashed potato into his palm, gravy dripping from between his fingers and onto his uniform as he shoves it blindly into his mouth. Not stopping to swallow, he goes in for another handful, turning carrots to purée under his fingernails. He moves mechanically and grows more ravenous with every bite. In what seems like an instant, the plate is empty and Hux is left dragging his fingertips over the surface to see what sauce he can salvage. When his fingers scrabble for purchase in vain, Hux picks up the plate and licks it savagely clean. Throughout the ordeal, he tastes nothing but failure, his stomach twisting all the while — overwhelmed at the influx of attention. But it’s still not enough so he grabs his comm, his hands dripping with mess and barks for dessert to be sent to his quarters. And the chrono ticks on. Kylo Ren kneels before Snoke, shirtless and panting from the exertion of his exercise. He bows his head, sweat dripping from his hair as the Supreme Leader praises him. “You have done well, my apprentice,” he says, laying a clammy hand on Kylo’s head. “Only one final task remains.” Kylo remains prostrate and does not pull away. “It is not a test, my apprentice, but a necessity. You shall enjoy this assignment,” Snoke continues. “No Force user should be without his lightsaber. Go to the planet Lothal and seek out a kyber crystal. Rebuild your weapon with the knowledge I have taught you,” Snoke says. “Yes, master,” says Kylo. What should its design be?” “The design is your choosing,” Snoke replies. “But first, return to the Finalizer and consult with General Hux. Align your duties with his.” At this, Kylo groans internally. Hux always got in the way of his plans. It was his defective Stormtrooper that had made off with the Resistance pilot whom he could have broken to get the location of the map to Skywalker. It was Hux’s fault that Starkiller Base was flawed and vulnerable to a Resistance attack. Hux was nothing but a liability and a nuisance. A nuisance who can’t even show up on time to a meeting set according to his own schedule, no less. Kylo’s annoyance snaps him out of his thoughts. He can’t recall a single time that he’s beaten Hux to a meeting location. Hux always arrived no more than fifteen seconds either side of the scheduled time. Of course, Hux would never chastise him in front of his officers — that would be far too unprofessional — but the glare Hux saved for Kylo every time said it all. Yet, here he is and Hux is a whole three minutes late. Kylo smiles to himself; thinking of the quips he might fire off once the General arrives. Perhaps a remark disguised as a question: “What’s the time?” Or a sarcastic “How gracious of you to make an appearance, General.” Perhaps it might be more cutting to say nothing at all and instead give Hux the same glare he reserved for Kylo every time. Ren takes a seat at the end of the long conference table. He takes off his mask and rests his chin on his hands. He decides to wait another two minutes for Hux to arrive. The carnage of Hux’s meal litters the ground. Drops of gravy and meat juice mingle with the incriminating crumbs and icing, along with sweet wrappers and pastry flakes and dollops of cream. The General is bent over where he sits, one sticky hand on his distended stomach. The food he just ate swells in his belly like an alien growth. He can feel it pushing outwards, deforming and overwhelming, seizing control from him. Hux moves both his hands to his head, digs his food-crusted nails into his scalp and screeches in anguish — a sharp feral sound that ricochets off his chamber walls. You know now what you must do , says the voice. You can still make things right . Yes, Hux knows what he must do. He’s done it a thousand times before — his most filthy, shameful secret. His punishment. All the pain justly earned. He’ll feel it for days afterwards, a reminder never to repeat this disgusting display of disorder again. But of course he will. He always does. Numbly, Hux stands and winces at the pressure on his strained middle. He pads over to his fresher and kneels in front of the lavatory basin, like a layperson before an alter. Premature tears spring to his eyes — he hates this, he hates it. But it must be done. In one swift movement, Hux opens his mouth and jams his index and middle fingers down his throat, forcing them down as far as they will go, his nails hitting the back of his throat. His stomach contracts on cue and unleashes a storm of Hux’s barely-digested dinner into the toilet bowl. Hux retracts his fingers, leaving a thin rope of saliva trailing from lips to fingertips. The tears flow freely now, blotching his skin. Hux spits into the toilet as he tries to eject the vile taste of sick from his mouth. He shoves his dripping fingers back into his mouth and claws at his throat, more vomit hits the toilet bowl. The impact splashes Hux’s already soiled uniform but the General’s resigned: what does it matter now? Hux’s nose starts to run from the pressure and he drags the back of his other hand across his face to stem the flow. Hux dares not look up; he doesn’t need a mirror to see how grotesque he looks now. Remember this feeling, the voice says . Isn’t it awful? See, this is what happens when you eat too much. Let’s not do this again. Hux sticks his fingers in his mouth again, his teeth slicing open his knuckles. Rinse and repeat , says the voice. Hux’s eyes stream, his nose runs, his throat burns. Rinse and repeat . Kylo looks at the chrono in the conference room. Fifteen minutes have passed and there’s no sign of the General. Oh, how Hux will never live this down! Never again will he be smug about Kylo’s mere tardy seconds when he’s a full quarter hour late! Kylo raises his datapad to transmit an image of the chronometer to Hux’s datapad, along with the caption “Are we forgetting something?” when he stops in his tracks. Sending an image is petty, Kylo decides. There is, after all, urgent business to attend to and for once Kylo wants to speak to Hux so he can get his mission underway. Kylo puts his mask back on and stomps out of the conference room, fuming. Kylo stalks to the bridge but there’s no Hux in sight. His office is locked and neither Unamo nor Mitaka have seen him since morning. Kylo comms Phasma and demands to know where she last saw the General. He came by to inspect a sector she was using for simulations this afternoon, she says, but she hasn’t seen him since then. He’s not in the officers’ lounge, nor in the training facilities. Kylo turns around and heads to Hux’s quarters, the last place he could be. When Kylo arrives, Hux’s quarters are locked as expected. He knocks politely on one of the blast doors. “General Hux? General, are you there?” he calls. No answer. Kylo tries again, knocking louder this time. “General? Hello?” When Hux makes no response, Kylo pounds the metal in earnest, as though he could punch his way through the durasteel. He sighs, the noise huffing through his mask, and withdraws his fist. Turning his attention to the control panel on the wall next to Hux’s door, Kylo reaches out with the Force and Hux’s doors part, as though the General had opened them himself. “General!” Kylo calls again, stepping inside. “General Hux! The Supreme Leader will not be impressed when he hears that you—” Kylo stops mid-sentence. Hux’s quarters are immaculate, except for the area by the viewport, which looks like some wild animal came and raked through Hux’s dessert. The empty food tray spotless sits next to his chair. A noise interrupts Kylo’s observations. Kylo stands still, unlatching his mask to hear and see better. Yes, there’s an unmistakable retching sound coming from Hux’s refresher. He sees the door is ajar and smacks the button next to it to open it fully, revealing General Hux, his uniform crumpled and stained with his fingers in his mouth, vomiting unceremoniously into the lavatory basin. Now fully sunk to his knees, Hux thinks he tastes blood mixed with the sour taste of bile. His throat burns raw from the innumerable rounds of vomiting and his eyes are red-rimmed from crying. He slumps against the toilet bowl, spent and empty with nothing left to throw up. At the hissing sound of the door, Hux whips around and to his absolute horror it’s Kylo Ren standing on the threshold. Kylo takes in the scene before him: the vomit, the sickly light, the General. He thinks back to the mess in Hux’s quarters and a light goes off in his brain. The two of them stare at each other in shock for an instant before Hux looks away in vain, as though breaking eye contact could erase this shameful sight from Kylo’s memory. “General…” Kylo begins, not knowing what to say. All thoughts of anger have left him and no wisecracking words come to mind. Because this is why the General was late — he’s tearing himself apart from inside. Forkful by forkful, Hux carves his path to destruction and Kylo can sympathise, but he’s always channelled his rage outwards and into the Force, making him stronger. Here Hux denies himself, thinks inwards to breaking point until he can’t contain it any longer, unleashing an uncontrollable, insatiable thing — weakening himself in the process. And Kylo can’t for the life of him understand why. For emotions are meant to be expressed and harnessed, not suppressed and locked up. Hux must have noticed the flicker of pity in Kylo’s eyes because he wants to yell at Kylo, to scream and shout. But his abused throat can’t project the sound of his voice. “Get out!” Hux rasps, barely louder than a whisper. “Hux, I—” “That’s an order! Get out! And that’s General Hux to you!” Hux croaks with as much vitriol his broken voice can communicate. “No. General, we had a meeting at 20:00. It is now 20:33,” Kylo says calmly. Hux’s eyes blaze and he opens his mouth to retort, but Kylo steamrolls him and continues. “I can see you’re in no state to talk so I’ll leave you. I’ll send the details of my duties to your datapad. We can converse that way.” Hux gives up trying to speak, hating Kylo even more for his show of compassion. It was an unexpected development, but Hux can’t bring himself to show his surprise. He’s far too proud to thank Kylo, and ashamed of his rudeness — can’t he do anything right? Hux settles for glaring at Kylo, eyes locked on him like a shooting target. Kylo notes Hux’s piercing gaze and makes a mental note to revisit it later. “But General, we both know you can’t work like this. Your tasks are your own, but our goals are shared and I can’t have you impeding my progress.” Not again , Kylo adds mentally. “Do us both a favour and take better care of yourself. And try to respond to my message by midnight.” With that, Kylo turns on his heel and steps out of Hux’s refresher before Hux has the chance to reply. On his way out of Hux’s quarters, Kylo stops by the mess at the viewport. He hesitates for a fraction of a second before waving his hand. The rubbish levitates its way into the garbage chute and Kylo silently makes his way out, closing the blast doors behind him. Hux’s whole body trembles and he tells himself it’s from the stress of purging the evils from inside him, and not the unbridled fury he feels towards Kylo Ren. Standing on shaking legs, Hux rises, seeing himself in the mirror for the first time that evening. Hux strips off his filthy clothes and gets on his refresher scale. The number is higher than it was this morning; Hux’s features contort and he punches his reflection in the stomach. The mirror shatters, and Hux’s cracked lips curve like the blade of a scythe, into a smile. Back in his quarters, Kylo Ren types out a message to Hux. He’ll show no hint of concern and make no mention of what he saw tonight; he knows that would only make matters worse. He knows that framing his plea for Hux to look after himself in terms of their shared mission would be more appealing to the General’s sense of duty than admitting that he was concerned about him. From: Kylo Ren To: General A. Hux Subject: Alignment of Tasks My assignment is to retrieve an item from the planet Lothal. It’s in the Outer Rim so it’s close by, but the search will be the bulk of the task. I depart tomorrow. I’ll take my own shuttle with no accompaniment and will return in exactly one week. Please send details of your assignment. — KR. Kylo hits ‘send’ and sits on his bed. He stares at the wall for a long time before getting ready to sleep. Hux is curled up in bed, clean from his shower, when his datapad flashes. He knows it’s Ren before he looks at the notification. Ren did have a point , Hux thinks. We have work to do . From: General A. Hux To: Kylo Ren Subject: RE: Alignment of Tasks I know where Lothal is. You’ll be returning on the first day of the Summit of High Command, which I have initiated with the Supreme Leader’s approval. This does not affect your plans, since you need not be present at the Summit. Regards, General A. Hux Hux reads over the message once. He could send it one minute to midnight, he thinks, just to irritate Ren in a petty act of vengeance that is quite insufficient to make up for the indignity of Kylo walking in on him like that. Hux shakes his head — that would be something that Ren would do to annoy him . He hits ‘send’ and then reaches over to his nightstand for his bottle of sleeping pills. He shakes two into his hand, the knuckles of which are split open, and swallows them, gritting his teeth as they make their way down his inflamed gullet. “Lights, zero per cent,” Hux whispers to nobody. Notes: Content notes: - Starkiller is canonically the investment of both the First Order army and navy, since it’s a planet and interstellar weapon [Source: The Visual Dictionary] - Hux’s title is from the army; his command of the Finalizer comes with his deployment to Starkiller Base [Source: Pablo Hidalgo’s Twitter] - I’ve placed Hux as having graduated the Academy at 22, which means he was 30 when be became General. - This work is now 5 chapters long and I’ve adjusted the length accordingly. Personal notes: - I apologise for the length of time it took me to post this chapter. University has been taking up a lot of my time but I'm done in a couple of weeks and I hope to find the time to write more regularly. - This is the fourth or fifth time I’ve written a “Hux gets ready for the day” scene in my fics and I am sorry if you’ve read my other stuff and have found it repetitive. I like imagining characters doing everyday things and I would honestly watch a whole film about Hux combing his hair and drinking tea. - I’m not going to play the numbers game, partially because I’m bad at mathematics and because I don’t think giving a number will add any value or meaning to the story. Not mentioning specific numbers is one of the chief rules of eating disorder recovery and I want to respect that. I don’t need to give a number in order to show Hux’s mindset and I hope you feel the same way. - The failed meeting and the subsequent message exchange is an homage to all the times I’ve been asked to attend meetings about matters that could have been settled by email. - Next chapter: the summit gets underway and the Kylux begins. If you or anyone you know is suffering from an eating disorder, I've listed some resources that may help. Although some services are location-specific, many of them also offer information and remote support. I’m on tumblr and I’m available to talk and offer support in whatever way I can. National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) The National Association for Males with Eating Disorders (NAMED) National Eating Disorder Information Centre (NEDIC) Eating Disorder Hope Beat This fic remains the most difficult for me to write. It would mean a lot to me if you left a comment telling me what you thought, positive or negative. Thank you <3 Chapter 3 : Disappear Summary: The summit begins and takes an unexpected turn. Enter: Kylux. Notes: Content warning for in-depth depiction of anxiety and living with an eating disorder. Specific warnings for restriction as it pertains to length of time and liquids consumed, mentions of drug use, fainting, coercive institutionalisation, use of a weighing scale where Hux cannot see the number, crying, mentions of specific foods. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He’d been tracking it for days. Kylo Ren expected the hunt for a new kyber crystal to be more arduous than it turned out to be. He knew that the crystals were scarce and that much of Lothal’s lush landscape had been converted to mines in the age of the Empire, which meant that he had to carve out his own tunnels and search the nooks and crannies of the planet instead of relying on the beaten path. A static hum fills the air and Kylo freezes, reaching out with the Force. He detects a thrum, guiding him towards a hollow in the rock. Dead leaves crackle beneath his feet as he creeps towards it. He’s close; he can feel the crystal calling to him. He pokes around in the undergrowth, stooping down so he can peer into a crack in the rock. A faint bluish glow flashes back at him. Kylo assesses the width of the crack, determines that it’s not wide enough for him to reach in and retrieve the crystal, so he extends his hand and watches the crack widen under the pressure from his strengthened Force powers. Kylo feels the hum of the crystal grow louder, compelling him to continue. Cautiously, he moves towards the gap and reaches in, his gloved hand closing around the vibrating crystal. As he touches it, a rush of energy surges up Kylo’s arm and through the rest of his body. Gently clutching the crystal, Kylo withdraws his hand from the crevice and sits down cross-legged on the mossy ground so he can inspect his treasure. As he unfurls his fingers, the clear crystal darkens in Kylo’s hand, fading to a dusky grey. Kylo watches the crystal turn a translucent black. One week after the disastrous incident in his refresher, Hux stands in the Finalizer ’s largest docking bay, rubbing his palms together in anticipation of High Command’s arrival. With Ren off on his mission to Lothal, Hux is at least glad to be alone for this. No need to explain Kylo’s presence or role aboard the ship to anybody, nor risk Kylo contradicting Hux if he were to be asked about Starkiller. Hux clasps his hands together behind his back in an attempt to stop his compulsive fidgeting. He had made an honest attempt to eat a few spoonfuls of porridge that morning but the texture combined with his anxiety made his stomach turn. It did not help that he had gone three days without eating, running entirely on water, caf, and stimulants. He hadn’t used this routine since his Academy days, where it was harder to skip regulation meals and stims were smuggled in and traded in dormitory whispers. Hux had barely slept the night before, ensuring that every detail was in place, reading his notes into the early hours of the morning, and insisting on hourly reports about the status of usually mundane tasks like cleaning the docking bay that had become high priority. Pacing the room, Hux practices his greetings. Stop it , the voice says. Your nervousness gives you away. He checks his chrono, which reads 06:56. Members of High Command are set to arrive in approximately four minutes. Hux’s heart thuds like a restless creature trying to break free from the cage of his chest. He threads his fingers together and recites the day’s agenda to distract himself from his anxiety. 07:00 – Arrival & Registration 08:00 – SB-1 Discussion and Debrief 10:30 – Break 10:45 – Holding Back the Chaos: Presentation 12:15 – Lunch 13:30 – Intelligence Reports 15:00 – Inventory 16:00 – Break 16:15 – Strategy & Assignments 18:00 – Dinner 20:00 – Social It’s going to be fine , Hux thinks to himself. Everything is under control. We’ve got an agenda and we’ll stick to it. It’s going to be all right. But what if it’s not all right? Hux squeezes his eyes shut and tries not to catastrophise, his anxiety getting the better of him. What if they’ve been plotting against you and move to court martial you during the first session? the voice chimes in. What if the Finalizer kitchens didn’t receive the memo about dietary restrictions and you serve something that makes one of them ill? What if they mock you for Starkiller? What if they reject your proposal and refuse to fund it? Hux tries to push the intrusive thoughts out of his head. That won’t happen , he tells himself. If they had wanted to court martial me, they would have already done it. Besides, the Supreme Leader can veto a dishonourable discharge. As for the kitchens, Hux knows for a fact that they received the memo; he’s checked three times. He’s already approved the menu and personally ensured that everyone is able to eat while they are here. Everybody except him. Mockery for Starkiller, Hux knows he can take, for he has endured enough of it already. The prospect of High Command rejecting his proposal would pose a much bigger problem, but Hux decides to tackle that problem if and when it comes up. There’s no use worrying about something that may or may not happen in the future, he tells himself. This is fine , Hux reminds himself. You’re fine . But what if one of them discovers our little secret? taunts the voice. The sound of Hux’s comlink pulls him from his thoughts. He starts, answers the comm and finds that his chrono reads 07:00 exactly. “Sir, it’s Unamo. As you requested, I’m letting you know that we’ve received transmissions from several Upsilon -class shuttles requesting docking permission,” she announces. “Perfect. You’ve received their clearance codes?” “Yes, sir.” “Clear them for entry.” “Yes, sir.” “Thank you. When you’re done, come with Captain Phasma to Docking Bay One,” Hux orders. “It’s time to greet our guests.” Sitting at the largest table the Finalizer has, in the largest conference room available, Hux relaxes into his chair. He’s feeling much more in his element than he was this morning. His nerves are still present, but they’re not threatening to tangle his hands together or constrict his chest. The Starkiller debrief hadn’t been the most pleasant of times, but Hux was prepared for much worse. All that remained was to wrap up any outstanding questions. “I’d like to thank you for this most civil discussion,” Hux says. “Between us, we have thoroughly analysed a failure and found opportunities to strengthen our forces and widen our reach going forward. With the Hosnian System and the New Republic reduced to stardust, I am more confident than ever that we can lead the First Order to glory and bring prosperity to the Galaxy.” Hux pauses, casting a glance at the faces in the room. Most are attentive, looking back at Hux with polite half-smiles and attention. “Any further questions?” he asks. General Zeb Orikan, a fifty-year-old former bomber captain, presses a button on his datapad to add himself to the speaking list. “General Orikan?” Orikan clears his throat and sits up. “Speaking freely, General Hux, I for one, am shocked that you are still in command. Designing a weapon with a fatal flaw is the most damning sign of incompetence,” says. “Have we learned nothing from the First and Second Death Stars?” Ten minutes until break time , Hux thinks to himself. Ten minutes. You can get through this. “It wasn’t designed to have a fatal flaw,” Hux explains, his tone even. “`The First Death Star was, we know that now.” “Building an unintentional flaw into your design is worse than an intentional one,” Orikan scoffs. “There was no flaw, intentional or unintentional,” Hux states. “The weapon was well-protected by shields, ground cannons, and many other defence mechanisms that would never have been necessary in the presence of the active shields. The only way to penetrate the shield was to disable it. Captain Phasma has explained in detail the circumstances under which she disabled the shields and she has accepted her role in the matter,” he says, gesturing to Phasma, sitting impassively to his right. “I do not care for your implication, General Orikan, and I would encourage you to set aside your personal resentment and work with us for the betterment of the Order as per the oath we all swore,” Hux finishes. Orikan only scowls and huffs. It would be unbecoming of him to try to argue with Hux further. “Would anyone else like to raise a concern?” Hux asks, a hand indicating the table before him. Nobody else moved to speak. “Good,” Hux says. “In that case, we are adjourned for fifteen standard minutes. Our refreshments shall be along momentarily.” Chatter breaks out among the members of High Command almost instantly. Hux rises, putting one hand on the table to steady himself. He had a cup of caf earlier that morning but he already craves another. Deciding that he’d rather not make small talk with the other Admirals and Generals, Hux slips out of the door and leans against the wall, shuddering at the cold feel of the durasteel on his back. He looks at his chrono again; it’s 10:32. Before he can help himself, he remembers that Ren is due to return today and wonders idly what time his shuttle will dock. He hadn’t spoken to Ren since the incident in his fresher. Ren had followed all departure procedures to the letter, even notifying Hux personally that he was about to embark on his mission. Hux hadn’t responded, not out of spite or pettiness, but because he couldn’t. Hux had done his best to not to think about that humiliating memory, for which avoiding Ren was a viable, if temporary, solution. A clatter down the hallway signifies the arrival of the break refreshments. Hux avoids glancing at the oncoming entourage and slips back inside the room. He does his best to ignore the digestive biscuits on the platter and chooses a mug of caf and a glass of water for manners’ sake. It would be an unbecoming display of privilege for him not to take the water; he knows that the officers from smaller ships have fewer water purifiers and operate on even stricter rations than aboard the Finalizer . Most members of High Command choose water when offered a selection of beverages, an action that does not go unnoticed by Hux. He couldn’t deny that he enjoyed seeing some of his more antagonistic colleagues laid low by the base need for water, a tell-tale sign of their poverty and poorly-equipped vessels. Well, if they wanted a better ship, they ought to be better officers , Hux thinks smugly to himself. When he took over command of the Finalizer, he could have felt the resentment radiating from High Command from halfway across the Galaxy. The youngest General in the Order, leading the largest operational warship it had. Others had called his promotion preposterous and insulting, but Hux cared little for their envy. Hux sits down again and takes a long drink of caf, hoping for the caffeine to charge his nerves. Hux places both elbows on the table and rests his head on his hands. He feels so tired that he thinks he’d fall asleep right there if he were to close his eyes. He takes his datapad from his pocket and looks over his presentation notes. His chrono tells him he has five minutes until the summit resumes. Kylo’s shuttle cruises through space back to the Finalizer . The shuttle’s dashboard tells him that he’ll be arriving in the next few minutes. Kylo takes the crystal out of his pocket again, holding it up to the light and admiring its jagged edges and its rich, dark colour. It will make a most formidable weapon, he thinks to himself. Kylo leans back in his seat and lets his lightsaber design take root in his head. If all goes well, he won’t need the crossguard vents of his old blade, for this crystal is intact and stable. He hopes that he won’t need any external wiring and that he can give this new weapon a plated finish and maybe — A sharp jolt interrupts Kylo’s train of thought and his senses are suddenly stuffed with exhaustion. Kylo gasps involuntarily and slumps forward. His head suddenly feels very heavy and begins to pound. He closes his eyes against the pain, removing his mask to try to get some air. As suddenly as the sensation began, it’s gone, and Kylo sits upright again. He breathes heavily. What was that? Before he can think about it anymore, Kylo feels another jolt, running through him like a current of electricity. What in the blazes— A single image focuses Kylo’s attention: it’s Hux, in a meeting with the other members of High Command. Hux is standing at the front of the room, giving a presentation of some sort but he’s squinting in the harsh lighting of the room and Kylo thinks he may be struggling to stay upright. Kylo can see beads of perspiration on Hux’s forehead, which is paler than usual. This is the first time that Kylo has ever felt Hux through the Force. Kylo tries to recall the other people he has felt through the Force: the Supreme Leader, his mother, his uncle. This makes no sense, thinks Kylo. Before he can think any further, the image changes and this time he can’t see Hux at all, but he can see the entire room looking at him. He sees Phasma and Mitaka whispering to each other in the back, but can’t hear a thing they are saying to each other. Dark spots dance at the edge of his vision and Kylo realises that he has to act quickly if Hux is to leave that room with anything resembling dignity. Hux is standing before the entire room when he feels the pressure building in his head, as though his brain is swelling and pushing against the walls of his skull. He’s suddenly short of breath; he puts a hand to his too-tight collar and can feel his knees buckling, wanting to give way under him. He tries to continue with his speech but the words won’t form in his dry mouth; his tongue feels too heavy to lift, and he can’t even hear what he’s saying. Hux is sure he’s getting some very strange looks from his audience, but his vision is too blurry to see them. A haze of dread descends on Hux, he knows this feeling. He’s not supposed to let this happen, his routine is supposed to strengthen him, to give him control, not make him so weak he can’t stand. Groggily, Hux knows he has to get out — he refuses to let himself pass out in front of High Command. Without looking at anyone, he stammers out an “Excuse me,” before forcing himself towards the exit. He stumbles a little on his way, but he makes it out the door. Kylo’s never done this before, not from such a distance, but he figures if he can sense Hux from where he is now, he can use the Force from here, too. He concentrates all his mental energy on the meeting room, stretching out his hand as if he could reach out and touch Hux with it. He knows he can’t tamper with Hux’s mind to keep it alert, nor make his body to stay upright without the risk of severely hurting Hux, so Kylo goes to his backup plan. He waits for the door to close behind Hux and focuses on the control panel next to it. He recalls it in as much detail as he can — how many of those systems had he overridden in his time aboard? Kylo strains, his arm shaking from the effort. Kylo can see the control panel, can almost feel it as though he were standing there pressing its buttons himself. Kylo grits his teeth and gives a shout just as the control panel light turns red and a quiet click locks the door. Outside the room, Hux’s exhausted, malnourished body finally gives in and he crumples to the floor in the corridor. Kylo dashes off his shuttle the second he’s securely docked. He’s racing against the clock — the faster he can get to Hux, the faster he will be in the medbay under proper medical supervision. He finds Hux still unconscious outside. He can hear Phasma inside comming for help, as well as some of the more boisterous members of High Command pounding on the doors and shouting for Hux. The whole operation hadn’t gone quite how Kylo had planned, but it would have to do. He crouches beside Hux’s prone form and loops his arm around Hux’s back and the other under the crook of his knees, scooping him up. Kylo is shocked at how easy it is to lift Hux, how light he is for a man of his height. Still, Kylo decides not to dwell on it and concentrates on getting him to medbay, before returning to free the trapped dignitaries. When Hux opens his eyes, all he can see is white. The white of his thin medbay sheet, the white of the curtains around his bed. “General, you’re awake,” says the medic droid next to his bed. The droid beeps a couple of times, grating Hux’s headache. “Fantastic observation,” Hux quips. He tries to get up, but the droid scolds him. “Please lie still, sir. You must rest.” “I’ve rested. I have a summit to run,” Hux says. “How long have I been here?” “Three hours, sir.” Three hours! The panic is instantaneous. What has he missed? Where is the rest of High Command? Are the meetings still happening? Who is running the summit in his stead? Do they know where he is? What do they think? “Three hours is more than sufficient.” Hux swings his legs off the bed, only to realise that he’s no longer wearing his uniform, but a white medbay gown. “Give me my uniform,” he orders the droid. “Sir, I can’t let you leave.” “I’m the karking General ,” Hux hisses, his anger rising. “I don’t need you to let me do anything.” “Sir, we need to replenish your vital fluids,” the droid says, gesturing to the needle in Hux’s hand, connected to a drip. “You are severely dehydrated and deficient in a number of essential vitamins and nutrients. Have you been eating, General?” “I can take the fluid drip with me,” Hux says, ignoring the droid’s question. “I understand my condition, likely better than you do. If you don’t let me—” “With all due respect sir, section v, subsection a., article 3 of the Policy on Medical Affairs Aboard the Finalizer states that nobody admitted to medbay may be discharged until they are deemed fit to do so by a member of the medbay staff. This policy has been in effect since—” Swiftly, Hux reaches down behind the droid’s back and switches it off. “I know, I approved the damn policy,” Hux snaps. Wasting no time, Hux throws back the sheet and swings his legs over the edge of the bed. He sways slightly and leans on the bedframe for support. Hux then sets about looking for his uniform, narrowing his eyes to focus. He tries to bend down, but a sharp pain in his left hand stops him, reminding him that he’s still hooked up to the fluid drip. Hux growls in frustration and grasps the stand holding the bag of fluid. It’s getting in the way of the hunt for his uniform. He places his hand on top of the needle in his other hand and is just about to pull off the medical tape to remove the needle when an unmistakable modulated voice interrupts him. “General, I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” Kylo Ren gets up from his chair and comes in through the gap in the curtains. “You’re not me,” Hux retorts. “I know. If I were, you’d be in better condition. I already told you to take better care of yourself.” “That is none of your concern,” Hux says curtly. “Excuse me,” says a third voice. Both Hux and Kylo turn around to look at the newcomer, a woman that Hux would estimate was in her late 20s with light brown hair pulled back in a bun. She’s accompanied by a mouse droid. “I’m Dr. Kaesi Maadeia. I was alerted when MD-17 was switched off,” she says to Hux. Hux releases a long breath and closes his eyes. He really doesn’t want to deal with any of this right now. Every second he’s here is a second he’s not at the meeting where he should be. “Dr. Maadeia. This is a lot of unnecessary fuss. I’ve had my rest and now I’m going to leave,” Hux states. “Give me my uniform,” he orders. “Sir, I cannot discharge you. It would be unethical of me to permit you to leave in your current state. We also have a couple of assessments to complete that we couldn’t do while you were sleeping,” Maadeia says. “Your co-operation is appreciated, General.” They’re going to find out, the voice says. They’re going to find out and there’s nothing you can do. Look where you’ve got yourself. I know , Hux thinks. They were bound to find out sooner or later. Maybe someone will even care. Hux knows that his diagnoses from when he was in school are in his medical files. They hadn’t come up until now. “I agree to co-operate, Dr. Maadeia. The sooner this is over, the sooner I can leave,” Hux states, making up his mind. “Very good, sir.” Maadeia takes a fresher scale from the mouse droid and sets it down behind Hux. Instinctively, Hux turns around and steps on the scale, looks down for a number but finds nothing displayed. He’s about to say something, but Maadeia speaks first. “Remain facing me, sir,” Maadeia says gently. Hux’s heartbeat quickens. No, please, no. Memories of the time he spent in the Academy physician’s office and in the medbay come flooding back to Hux; all the times they weighed him backwards so he couldn’t see the number; all the meals he had to eat under supervision; all the hours he spent crying and feeling so utterly useless. “I can’t do that,” Hux whispers. “I need to know.” “It’s currently best-practice not to let the patient see the number,” Maadeia says. “Please turn around so I can activate the scale, sir.” Hux doesn’t move. He blinks furiously, his lips trembling and his nostrils flaring as he tries to stop himself from bursting into tears. Hux stares at the ground, clenching his ungloved hands into fists so hard that his nails dig into his skin. Good, the voice says. Feel it. You deserve this pain. “Sir, please turn around,” Maadeia repeats. “I need you to turn around so we can complete this assessment.” Hux acts as if he never heard her, remaining in the same position. There’s a faint hissing sound as Kylo unlatches his mask and cradles it under his arm. “General Hux,” Kylo says quietly, “Look at me.” Hux continues to glare at the floor, his vision becoming blurry with tears. Kylo tries again. “Hux. Look at me.” Agonisingly slowly, Hux turns around. “That’s General Hux to you,” Hux snarls. He raises his head and meets Kylo’s gaze. Kylo’s eyes are deep brown pools, far more sympathetic and warm than he had expected. Hux had never paid attention to Kylo’s eyes, not that he could see them all that well through the mask most of the time. “That’s it. Look at me, now. Look at me,” Kylo says. “Keep looking at me. You’re going to be all right.” Hux feels as though an elastic band has snapped inside his chest and he can no longer hold off his tears. He covers his mouth and nose as the tears start to flow freely. There’s a faint plink , the sound of water hitting the metal scale. Hux does his best to keep eye contact with Kylo, but he’s crying so much that he can’t see him. “Thank you, sir,” Maadeia says. “You can get down now.” Hux steps down, gasping and hiccupping as he allows the rest of his body to respond to his crying impulse. “It’s all right, sir. You did perfectly,” Maadeia says. “Now, I’m going to ask you a few questions about your eating habits.” “I’ve had enough,” Hux says, his voice cracking. “Let me go now. Please.” Maadeia pauses and considers the sight before her. The General really is distraught and she could send him the questions to fill out later. Yes , she thinks, that’s a fair compromise . After all, she shouldn’t do anything that might exacerbate his already fragile state. “I will discharge you on the following conditions,” Maadeia says. “First, you must keep the fluid drip in for another two hours. Secondly, you will eat a meal, preferably two, today. Thirdly, I will send my questions to your datapad and you will send me responses by this evening. Finally, come back tomorrow. Any time that is convenient for you. Oh, and I’m prescribing you some vitamin supplements. Just follow the instructions on the bottle. Can you abide by those?” Wordlessly, Hux nods, his sobs subsiding. “Good. Let me go and fetch your uniform and datatpad,” she says, and exits through the curtains, leaving Kylo and Hux alone. “Hux—” Kylo begins. “Don’t speak to me!” “All right,” Kylo mumbles, more to himself than to Hux. Maadeia returns with Hux’s things, the vitamins, and a box of tissues. Hux snatches all of them from her as though she were holding the last box of chocolates left in the Galaxy. He pulls out a tissue and dries his eyes. “Ren, let us allow General Hux some privacy,” Maadeia says. Kylo nods in agreement and they both leave. Hux can hear their voices in hushed whispers outside the curtains, not enough to hear what exactly they’re saying, but enough to know that they’re talking about him. “I can fucking hear you, you know!” Hux shouts. They have no right to talk about him as though he’s not there. He unties his medbay gown and changes into his uniform. Already, Hux feels a little better. He has always liked his uniform; it flatters his figure and makes him feel more like himself. Even so, he’s sure that he looks dreadful after his most unbecoming crying fit. Oh, if High Command could see you now , the voice taunts. The defeated General Hux, can’t even look after himself, let alone run a ship! General Orikan was right! Hux agrees. He knows he should be at the summit — they’ll be part of the way through receiving intelligence reports, if they haven’t already begun the inventory. But the thought of having to stand before them all again makes Hux feel sick; he doesn’t think he can handle their stares and their judgements and trying to guess what they’re all thinking, not after this. In order to decide what to do, Hux thinks, he needs to see if there are any updates on the situation. He fires up his datapad and winces at the glare of the screen. To his relief, there’s a message from Phasma. He opens it, hoping it will shed some light on what he’s missed. From: Captain Phasma To: General A. Hux Subject: Summit Contingency General. Shortly after you left the meeting, there was a circuit shortage in the room. Everyone was locked inside for about ten minutes, until Kylo Ren unlocked the room. We think there may have been a bug over at the central control centre that the technicians are investigating. I tried to comm you but your channel was offline. The story Lieutenant Mitaka and I came up with is that you’re suffering from dehydration. In the meantime, I’m your designate and I am delivering the presentation based on the most recent version of the notes you sent me. Please reply upon receipt. Regards, Captain Phasma. A sense of relief floods through Hux, as though he just got into a warm bath. Trust Phasma to save the situation. It was not good, Hux thought, but Phasma’s cunning and level-headedness certainly helped. She will be just fine, Hux knows. After she already defended herself that morning without so much as an apology or a misplaced angry word, Hux has utmost confidence in her. Hux types out a hasty reply. From: General A. Hux To: Captain Phasma Subject: RE: Summit Contingency Received. Will update you. Thanks . Regards, General A. Hux “General?” Maadeia calls. “Are you all right in there?” “I’m done,” Hux replies. Maadeia comes back in and gestures for Hux to hold out his hand. Hux rolls his eyes, but offers it to her, limp-wristed, as though he were an emperor expecting his subjects to kneel and kiss it. Maadeia checks the IV and reiterates Hux’s discharge conditions. “Do you have everything, General?” “I believe I do.” “Good. You’re free to go. I’ll see you tomorrow.” She walks Hux out of the curtained section and then turns to Kylo. “Thank you for bringing him in,” Maadeia says. Hux pauses. Kylo was the one responsible for taking him to medbay? Why would he bother? “I will escort the General back to his quarters,” Kylo says by way of reply. “You will do no such thing!” Hux protests, only to find Kylo’s hand on his lower back, gently supporting him and encouraging him to move forward. “Ren, get your hands off me. I can walk by myself. I know where my quarters are. I don’t need you to ‘escort’ me. I will not tolerate this patronisation,” Hux snaps. “I also do not recall giving you permission to take me to medbay in the first place.” “General, I found you unconscious outside the meeting room. If it weren’t for me, they all would have found you in seconds and you wouldn’t have got the medical attention you clearly need.” “That’s none of your business.” “Hux, I can’t unsee what I saw.” “Stop calling me that.” “It’s your name, is it not?” “Names are meaningless without titles.” “No they’re not. Anyway, that’s beside the point. Come on,” Kylo says, his hand still on Hux’s back. “I said don’t touch me. If you want to be useful, you can push the IV stand,” Hux says, a note of his usual disdainful bossiness coming back into his voice. Kylo turns away from Hux and smiles, and takes hold of the stand with the hand not holding his mask. Hux is letting me come with him, Kylo thinks. There’s a start. They don’t talk the rest of the way back to Hux’s rooms. Once they get there, Hux tries to keep Kylo out. “Ren. Give me the IV. There, you’ve taken me back like you said. You can leave,” Hux says. “I’m not going to do that,” Kylo says quietly. “Are you hungry?” “Why are you doing this?” “Because I felt you in the Force and I need answers.” “Well, I don’t know any more than you do. I can’t help you. Now, leave me.” “Are you hungry?” Kylo repeats. “You asked that already,” replies Hux. “And you didn’t answer. How about this, then: if I brought you food, would you eat it?” “I—” Hux hesitates a fraction of a second too long, and the corners of Kylo’s mouth lift slightly into a smile. “I’ll be right back,” Kylo says, the hem of his robes disappearing out the door after him. Hux pulls the fluid drip stand over to his bed as he lies down, not caring to take off his boots or his uniform. He gets out his datapad and types another message to Phasma, informing her that he will be absent for the rest of the day. He can’t face dealing with High Command, he’s too anxious and unfocused. Besides, Phasma has been itching for a challenge ever since Starkiller. She feels the need to regain her honour, Hux knows, though he doesn’t think she ever lost it in the first place. Hux would like to tell Phasma and Mitaka exactly what happened, he feels that he owes them that much, but he can’t think where to begin. Maybe later, Hux thinks. The voice is blissfully quiet. Perhaps it acknowledges that I suffered enough for one day, Hux thinks bleakly. Kylo stands in the mess hall, not quite sure what to do with himself. He can count on one hand the number of times he has eaten in here and doesn’t really know how to go about acquiring food for Hux. He tries to think of the foods Hux would like. Well, he doesn’t like anything at the moment, Kylo thinks. It was part of Kylo’s training to fast intermittently so Kylo thinks of the food that he was most excited to eat to break his fast. Fresh fruit and vegetables, Kylo thinks. Also chocolate. And bread. And probably some other food groups. The variety of food aboard the Finalizer is better than normal because of all the extra rations that Hux ordered for the summit. Kylo goes up to the server. “You will give me strawberries, blueberries, apples, a loaf of 12-grain bread, some butter, cheese, a knife, hummus, and some dark chocolate,” Kylo says. “I haven’t been authorised to release those items at this time. The meal plan for the summit is very specific and most of those items were ordered for that purpose,” the server replies. “You will give me strawberries, blueberries, apples, a loaf of 12-grain bread, some butter, cheese, a knife, hummus, and some dark chocolate,” Kylo says. “And you’ll ignore the summit meal instructions.” “You will give me strawberries, blueberries, apples, a loaf of 12-grain bread, some butter, cheese, a knife, hummus, and some dark chocolate,” Kylo repeats, waving his hand. “And you’ll ignore the summit meal instructions.” “I will give you strawberries, blueberries, apples, a loaf of 12-grain bread, some butter, cheese, a knife, hummus, and some dark chocolate,” says the server. “And I’ll ignore the summit meal instructions. That was a piece of cake , Kylo thinks to himself. Damn, I should have tried to get cake as well. Maybe next time. He takes the tray and heads back to Hux’s quarters. Hux is dozing on his bed by the time Kylo gets back. He opens his eyes when Kylo enters. “I brought you something to eat,” he says. “You don’t have to eat it now. I’m leaving it here for you.” Kylo places the tray on Hux’s bedside table. Hux opens his mouth to protest, to ask Kylo to put it further away from him where he cannot see it or smell it, but Kylo continues to speak. “It’s okay to eat this,” Kylo says. “You need this so that you can think. You deserve to have the energy you need to lead the First Order. Your body can handle it. It’s designed for digestion. You’ll feel better once you’ve had something.” “You don’t know how I’ll feel,” Hux murmurs sleepily. “You don’t.” “Maybe not. But I know you’re allowed to eat. It’s your choice.” Hux says nothing in reply. “I’m leaving now. I’ll come by again later,” Kylo says. On his way out, he swears he hears a muffled “Thank you” from the direction of Hux’s bed. Notes: Content Notes: - Kyber crystals change colour once they’ve been selected. Kylo’s getting a black lightsaber, or - For those of you not from the UK, this is a digestive biscuit . - Since Kylo has completed his training at this point, I headcanon that one of his newfound abilities is to use the Force from a greater distance than before. - My inspiration for Kylo being able to sense Hux’s distress was the scene from Attack of the Clones in which Anakin boasts about being able to “sense everything going on in that room.” - I think there’s sufficient canon evidence that droids can be switched off manually. In The Empire Strikes back, Leia switches C-3PO off. In the novelisation of The Force Awakens, Rey switches BB-8 off. - I’m not sure how one gets dressed with an IV in the hand. If anyone has any information about this, please let me know and I can go back and edit it for accuracy. - I’m going to confirm right now that Hux is not Force-sensitive in this fic. The Force works in mysterious ways. It also ships Kylux. Personal notes: - I couldn’t figure out whether refreshments would arrive via droid, officer, or Stormtrooper so I just avoided mentioning it. - It’s highly unlikely that the medbay would have discharged Hux like that. In my experience, they don’t trust us to know what is best for us. - I have, however, been weighed without being allowed to look at the number. It’s not a fun time. If you or anyone you know is suffering from an eating disorder, I've listed some resources that may help. Although some services are location-specific, many of them also offer information and remote support. I’m on tumblr and I’m available to talk and offer support in whatever way I can. National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) The National Association for Males with Eating Disorders (NAMED) National Eating Disorder Information Centre (NEDIC) Eating Disorder Hope Beat I got more upset writing this chapter than the one before it. Please let me know what you thought. It means the world when I get comments on this fic because I still can't believe that this is the kind of writing that people want to read. It comes from a very personal place and I'd love to hear from you even if all you say is that you've read the fic. Thank you so much for your support, truly. <3 Chapter 4 : Trust Me Summary: Kylo tries to understand what the Force is telling him, help Hux, and build his lightsaber. Hux battles his demons and makes mistakes. Notes: Content warning for in-depth depiction of anxiety and living with an eating disorder. Specific warnings for one use of a bathroom scale (no numbers mentioned), masturbation, sexual dysfunction, clothing not fitting correctly after weight loss, detailed descriptions of eating fruit, shame, guilt, and regret after eating, the desire to purge. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The screech of metal against metal accompanied by a faint humming sound wakes Hux up. He groans and pulls his pillow over his head in an attempt to drown out the noises. Hux throws the pillow to the floor in frustration when it fails to help. He buries himself in his duvet and that seems to quiet the room for a while. Then he hears drilling, as though the source is drilling right into his skull. Hux groans again and curls inwards, drawing his knees up to his chest. Placing his forehead on his knees and squeezing his eyes shut, Hux shouts “Shut up!” as loudly as he can. He doesn’t expect his yelling to have any effect whatsoever so he’s shocked when all the noises stop. Hux opens one eye and sits up, only to see Kylo Ren hunched over his desk. At the sight of Ren, Hux startles and pulls the covers up to his armpits, despite the fact he is still wearing his uniform and boots from the day before. How long has Ren has been in his room? Had he stayed while he slept? “What the hell are you doing?” Hux scolds. “Multi-tasking,” Kylo replies without looking up. Hux can’t see what he’s working on, and nor does he particularly care to. “Giving me a migraine, is what you’re doing,” Hux says. “What time is it?” Kylo hesitates. “It’s just past ten in the morning,” he admits. “What the fuck, Ren? Why didn’t you wake me earlier?” Hux kicks off his comforter and leaps up, only to find that he got up too quickly and has to sit down again because of the headrush. “Judging by your reaction just now, you’d be even less impressed if I woke you earlier.” Hux buries his face in his hands and his furious words come out muffled. “For fuck’s sake! Now I’m fucking late for the summit! And I have to shower and shave and comb my hair and find a clean uniform and check my m—” “And eat breakfast,” Kylo interrupts. Hux snaps his head up and glares at Ren. “So that’s what this is about? I refuse to discuss the matter any further.” “Have you checked your messages?” Ren asks, changing the subject. “I was about to mention that when you interrupted me." “Go on, then.” Hux rolls his eyes and sighs dramatically as he pulls up his messages. The most recent one arrived while he was sleeping. From: Captain Phasma To: General A. Hux Subject: RE: RE: Summit Contingency The first session of the day began three standard minutes ago and we are operating under the assumption that you will not be joining us in person. I have attached the minutes from the sessions that you missed yesterday. High Command approved your proposal in principle with a vote of 21-4. It is likely that its funding model will be amended today and the final vote will take place as scheduled in the final session. I continue to act as your designate until instructed otherwise. Regards, Captain Phasma. Hux rereads the message over several times. He’s grateful for Phasma’s resourcefulness. They’d discussed the possibility, however unlikely, that if something should prevent Hux from attending the meetings, Phasma can execute Hux's exact wishes. She knows what he wants: which things he’s willing to compromise on, and which things are non-negotiable. Hux thinks his health is good enough that he could join them if he wanted, only it's now past ten o’clock and he’d be arriving well into the first session. Hux considers waiting until that meeting ends, but then he’d be drawing attention to his all-too-conspicuous absence beforehand, and then he’d have to face them all, look them in the eyes and play along with the stupid “dehydration” story… No, he can’t do it. He can’t return, not now. The very prospect makes Hux anxious. He replies to Phasma, confirms his absence and thanks her. “So you’ll stay here?” Kylo asks. “I didn’t say that.” “But you’re not going to the summit,” Kylo says, inquisitively enough to be unsure, but not enough for it to sound like a question. “None of your business.” “I told Captain Phasma that I was with you,” Ren says. When Hux looks over at Kylo in shock, he clarifies. “I didn’t give her the specifics, no need to worry. I just said that I was with you. I didn’t say where.” Hux doesn’t know what to do with this information. He decides that he may as well get up and attempt to read though Phasma’s notes and send her some of his feedback. It’s one thing to tell someone what to say and how to vote, but the conversations in the meetings are unpredictable and Hux has to trust Phasma’s judgement. Which he does, of course, but he’d prefer to have as much input as possible. “Hux?” Kylo asks. Hux opens his mouth to add his title, but it occurs to him that Ren might be doing it deliberately to wind him up, and he doesn’t want to give him the continued satisfaction. He settles for a waspish “What, Ren?” instead. “You’re not going,” Kylo re-states. “No, I’m not.” “Good.” “It makes no difference to you.” With that, Hux stands up, walks over to a large panel in his room and pushes a button. The panel slides open to reveal several clean uniform sets, most of which Kylo has never seen Hux wear. On one side, Kylo can see uniforms of various colours and with different rank stripes on the left sleeve. On the other side, Hux keeps two styles of his regular uniform. One is black and shiny; the parade dress that, for some reason, Hux likes to wear every day. The other is a charcoal grey and bears the same General’s rank stripes. Kylo cannot help but imagine Hux wearing the grey uniform. Kylo thinks the colour would bring out Hux’s hair beautifully, but it wouldn’t do much to help his pallor. He’d have to see Hux wear it to make a proper judgement. As Hux grabs one of the black uniforms and stomps pointedly towards his refresher, Kylo wonders whether Hux owns any civilian clothes. Kylo hasn’t worn civilian clothes since he became Snoke’s apprentice. He was worn various robes of his own design over the years, but he wouldn’t consider his clothes a uniform, not in the same way that Hux wears the same thing every day. Hux closes the fresher door behind him and starts to shed his clothes. He’s glad to be out of them, they’re creased and dirty. He steps into his shower, a sonic this time. He doesn’t feel like luxuriating under a water shower, not when his productivity for the day is already shot. He doesn’t feel like thinking about his body and his physical state of being. He’d rather ignore the fact that he has a body in the first place. As Hux feels the sonic cleansing the sleep from his skin, he tries to come up with some kind of plan to preserve himself the next time he sees High Command. Hux contemplates attending the final session, where the executive vote on the amended proposal will take place. Then there’s the evening social that he missed the day before. We’ll see how the day goes, Hux thinks to himself. Hux gets out of the sonic and steps right onto his scale. He looks down at the number in disbelief. It’s impossibly low, not a number he expects to see at all. It’s a number that makes no mathematical sense. He can’t try to guess how inaccurate the scale is, so he resolves to re-weigh himself when he visits the medbay later. I’ll make them tell me. I’ll find out. He turns to his naked reflection in the full-length mirror. It hangs in the same spot where the last one hung, the one that he punched and had replaced the next day. It’s always been impossible for Hux to try and determine his weight this way, but that doesn’t stop him from trying. Hux looks himself in the eye and all over. Although he’s standing perfectly still, the image he sees keeps changing, shifting, never quite in focus. He takes in his pale skin, the self-inflicted grey and purple bruises on his hips and collarbones. He turns to the side and sucks in his stomach, making a concave shape. You should look like that all the time, the voice says. You’re not perfect. Not yet. No, but I will be, Hux thinks. I will be. Hux bends over and frowns at the creases that appear on his skin — natural folds that are visible because of his position, but which he views as rolls of fat. He stands up straight again, disgusted at himself. In the mirror, the imaginary fat rolls vanish, but Hux can feel them as though they are leeches clinging to his body and draining the life from him. That familiar self-loathing bites him and he feels the overwhelming need to feel something, anything , other than that. Clearly, pain doesn’t work, all the starving and purging and digging his nails into his palms. What if he tries to do the opposite? I don’t deserve it , Hux thinks, but what he would do to leave his body even for a split second, to feel pleasure that transcends physicality and takes him away for a few thoughtless, blissful moments. He would do anything. Still looking at his reflection, Hux traces one finger down from his navel — slowly, experimentally — to his cock. He can remember the sensation he craves. Hux hungers for it but unlike food, he hasn’t denied himself wilfully. His self-neglect is collateral damage, an unfortunate casualty of his condition. Sex with another person is out of the question; who would want to see Armitage Hux naked when he can barely stand to see himself? Hux takes his cock in the palm of his hand and rubs his thumb over the head. He gives it a few gentle tugs, but he feels nothing. Hux squeezes a little tighter, making a fist and trying a few thrusts. Still nothing. He steps over to the cabinet over the sink and finds a bottle of lubricant. Hurriedly, Hux squeezes it into his hand, not caring when some of it escapes his palm and drips to the floor. He slicks his cock, shivering at its cold wetness. Oddly, the feeling gives him hope; if he can feel that, maybe he’ll be able to feel the empty high he seeks. Hux begins to pump his cock in earnest, fast and tight, just how he likes, searching for the pleasure that would well deep inside him and spread its warmth throughout his body, that feeling of forgetting. As he strokes his cock, he thinks he feels a spark low in his groin, the beginning of arousal. He continues his pace, but the spark vanishes like a flicker of flame on a match, snuffed out in the wind. He tries again and again, unable to keep the fire alight. Hux touches himself with his other hand, compulsively, feverishly. He circles a nipple, hoping to feel it harden under the pad of his finger. He finds the crease where his hip meets his thigh, runs his hand over his waist, wondering if he really can feel his ribs or whether that’s a trick of the mirror too. But every touch feels cold and his body can’t respond. Hux speeds up his pace as much as he’s able, he’s panting with exertion and maddening need — but his cock doesn’t respond, not so much as a twitch or a raise. He twists his fist over the head of his cock. Usually that would do it; it’s a favourite finishing move when he brings himself off — but today, it does nothing. Defeated and still panting, Hux lets go of his soft cock and wipes away the lube with a clinical precision. It’s water-based so he has no need of the sonic again. He looks at his reflection again and sees his eyes glitter. You’re broken, the voice says. Defective. Can’t even get it up. Useless. You’re not worth a two-credit fuck. Hux knows it’s true. Numbly, routinely, he moves on with his morning, brushing his teeth with one hand and combing his hair with the other. This proves to be easier than he expected and he makes a note to incorporate it into his future practices. He puts on his uniform and pulls his belt around his waist. He tightens it, only to find that he can’t close it properly. One end is too long and there’s nowhere for him to put it. Hux shakes his head in disbelief, he’s not thin enough for this to be a problem, he can’t be. But he can’t get the belt to sit right around his waist in its regulation position. It slides down to just above his hips and ruins the shape of his uniform. His trousers don’t fit right around the hips either, he’s going to have to pin them so they’re tight enough. Hux could put in an order for alterations, but he doesn’t want to catch anyone’s attention, not if he can help it. Hux resolves to fix them in the evening, for he’s already spent the better part of an hour in his fresher. When he finally exits the fresher, Hux finds Kylo sitting in the same spot. He’s not making as much noise as before but he is tinkering with something in his hands. “Why are you still here? Leave,” Hux commands. “Whatever Force-nonsense you’re doing, surely you can do in your own quarters.” Kylo swivels around in his chair, still holding his project. Hux can see it’s a little glowing rock, a Kyber crystal. But it’s not like any that Hux has ever seen in any holorecord, it’s black and emitting an unnerving greyish light. “I put the food in your conservator,” Ren says, gesturing to the appliance next to Hux’s desk. “We’re not having this conversation.” “Yes we are. There’s fresh fruit and I didn’t want it to spoil,” Kylo says. “Great, you’ve told me where my food is. I know where to find it. That’s magnificent, just perfect,” Hux says, sarcasm cutting through his words. “If you won’t leave, tell me why you’re here, why you’re doing this.” “I need to be near you to determine why the Force called me to you.” “That’s bantha fodder, Ren.” “It’s true. Doesn’t matter if you like it or not.” Hux doesn’t reply. He goes back and sits on his bed, cross-legged, and opens up his datapad to read through Phasma’s notes. After several minutes of silence, Hux looks up to see Kylo standing over him, holding the food tray. “You’re allowed to eat, you know. You’re starving,” Ren says. “It’s good for you.” Kylo pauses, before adding: “I promise.” Hux swallows. He knows Kylo is right; he’s worked for several days on nothing and he can’t risk feeling faint again. But the thought of having to eat something, chew it and swallow it and feel it sitting there in his stomach makes Hux feel sick. He can’t do that, he can’t. But you have to , Hux thinks to himself. You’ve no choice . He hates this lack of control over his life, feels like everything he has worked for is falling apart, just like Starkiller Base. Hux hates him, hates himself. Hates, hates, hates. Wordlessly, Hux takes the tray from Ren. Just as Ren said, there’s fresh fruit, along with an assortment of other foods: carbs and protein, something that looks suspiciously like a chocolate bar, and a glass of water. Hux wouldn’t have expected Ren to make such a well-curated selection. Hux looks back up at Kylo. “You really do have to leave. I — I take issue with — I can’t, not in front of — you can’t stay here. Not while I — not while I do this ,” Hux stammers. To his surprise, Ren nods, his eyes soft and understanding. “Let me know when you’re done,” he says. Kylo stands up, revealing the tools scattered on Hux’s desk. There’s a chunk of metal there too, something with wires in it. Ren takes the metal object and a couple of tools. He puts the crystal in his pocket and walks out of the room. Kylo sits in the corridor just outside Hux’s quarters with the tools, the metal object that is to become the hilt of his new saber, and the crystal out in front of him. He hadn’t wanted to leave Hux alone overnight. Besides, Hux’s quarters are quiet, almost as quiet as his own and they are a perfectly acceptable place to meditate. He’d meditated for a bit yesterday but his thoughts kept returning to Hux. Why hasn’t anyone noticed before? He knew Hux struggled with food, he’d witnessed it firsthand on the shuttle to Snoke’s base. But he hadn’t known quite how deeply entrenched his problems were, and still are. It unnerves Ren that nobody had noticed Hux’s self-destructive behaviours and that he himself wouldn’t have known, if it weren’t for that chance encounter in Hux’s fresher. But the Force, the Force had called him to Hux for some reason. Since then, he’s not been able to look at Hux the same way. Ren had considered talking to the Supreme Leader about it, but what would he say? “Supreme Leader, the Force is drawing me to my disgraced co-commander and I don’t know why.” No, Kylo can’t tell Snoke. Sitting there in the hallway, Kylo thinks about his most recent training, all that he learned. He picks up the Kyber crystal and turns it over in his palm to strengthen his connection to the Force. He’d learned some more advanced lightsaber combat techniques and widened the range of his Force sensitivity. Kylo and Snoke also studied the old legend about the Sith Lord who discovered a death-cheating secret. But none of these bear any obvious connection to General Hux, Kylo thinks. He resolves to keep an eye on Hux, if only for the sake of figuring out the will of the Force. Kylo turns back to his saber construction. He’ll work on it until Hux invites him back in. Now alone with the tray, Hux eyes it warily, not knowing where to start. Kylo left him with a lot of choice and not much direction. Hux doesn’t think he can handle the carbohydrates, not first at least, so he looks at the fruit selection. The berries look tasty but Hux wants something he can take his time with, something that requires a little preparation. He needs that to make sure he’s in control, he needs to be able to set his pace. Not like last time. Hux drains his water glass as he contemplates his choice. The drink makes him feel bloated and nauseous, sitting in his belly like that. Hux can hear it moving around inside him, thrashing like an eel against the walls of his empty stomach. He resists his impulse to throw up; he can’t purge water. He needs it if he wants to eat this meal. Hux picks up an apple and takes the knife to it, slicing it slowly, methodically. He cuts it into the tiniest bite-sized pieces, before he takes one in his hand. He stares at it, inspecting its red skin and glistening juice, its off-white centre. Hux brings it up to his lips and allows the centre of the apple piece to touch them. He licks off the juice before taking a deep breath and popping the whole slice into his mouth. It has a slightly sour tang, but still tastes crisp and clean. Hux chews on it, his thoughts on the texture as he grinds it to a pulp in his mouth. The taste reminds him of his days as a cadet when he was out doing field training and had to forage for his own food. Apples were a favourite of his back then; they only required picking and washing. Hunting was fun too, but Hux could never stand the skinning and cooking process. He couldn’t cook anything because thinking about how to put a whole meal together sent him into a spiral of panic. He’d always preferred to stick to fruits and vegetables, and oftentimes the food he found while training was better than whatever synthsust they served at the Academy. Hux chews the apple piece until there’s barely anything left to chew on. He closes his eyes and swallows it, doing his best to ignore the sensation of it travelling down his gullet. Instead, he focuses on the aftertaste and tries to identify the difference between that and the actual food taste. His first instinct is pure elation — he managed to eat something! Maybe there’s hope for him, maybe he can leave this all behind and regain his strength and not be ruled by this disorder anymore. Maybe he’ll feel energised and motivated and satisfied again. Maybe he can enjoy food as he once did, maybe he can appreciate it for its taste, not just for its nutritional value. Maybe he won’t have to hide in his room because he can’t face eating in front of people, maybe he can control himself enough not to have to spend his evenings bent over the lavatory basin. Maybe. This joy quickly fades when Hux feels a sharp pain shoot through his stomach. It’s his body responding to days of neglect, he knows. It can’t handle the sudden appearance of sustenance. Why did you eat that? the voice says. Now you’re in pain. See, look, it’s bad for you. No, no, no! It’s not, Hux thinks feebly. It’s not. He so badly wants to be free of this awful mindset; when he was building Starkiller Base, he barely thought about it. He took his meals three times a day — how had he done that? — and he ate in the mess hall like everyone else. Such actions are unthinkable now. But maybe one day… Without this, you have no control, the voice says. No order. No structure. You’ll just plod on and on, through the ashes of Starkiller with no direction, no purpose. What are you without this? Just a weak-willed failure. “You’re wrong,” Hux mutters aloud, and the voice dies down. “I’m a General of the First Order,” Hux says to himself. “And I’m not going to have a breakdown over a fucking apple .” Hux swallows, tears welling in his eyes. He tries to blink them away furiously, but they escape, running down his cheeks. He wipes his eyes and reaches for another piece of the apple. The salt of his tears mingles with it, but Hux doesn’t care. He can taste it, and it’s so real and wholesome and pure. Hux cries quietly with relief, with rage, with hope, with shame, and with confusion, because he’s not been able to eat this kind of food for weeks. He knows he’s doing himself a favour, he needs the nutrition and energy to think, to move, to command. But the physical feeling in his treacherous body disgusts him — how can something so vile be good? “Hux.” Ren’s voice interrupts his thoughts. Kylo is back in his room, but Hux isn’t angry as he expects to be. “I thought I’d come and check on you. It’s been a while…” Kylo says softly, placing his belongings back on Hux’s desk. “I’m fine,” Hux says, and for a moment, he believes it. “General, you’re crying.” “I know.” “May I?” Ren asks, gesturing to Hux’s bed. Hux hesitates for a second, but he nods. Kylo perches himself on the corner. He reaches for Hux’s tray and picks up an apple piece. “You cut this yourself?” “Mhm.” Hux sniffles and wipes the last of his tears from his face. “They all look like that. All the slices. They’re neat, orderly,” Kylo remarks. “Just like you.” “And you hate them just as much,” Hux says without thinking. Kylo pauses. “I don’t hate you, Hux.” “This is the first I’ve heard of it,” Hux says. “You do. You hate me when I tell you to follow orders. You hate me when I remind you of the reports you owe me. You hate having to clear your missions with me. You’ve said as much.” “No. I hated who I thought you were. But the Force, the Force has shown me so many things. About me. About you.” “I don’t believe in that nonsense,” Hux says. As soon as the words are out of his mouth, he regrets them. After all, it was Ren who found him, Ren who took him to the medbay, Ren who brought him food. Would he have done all those things if he truly hated him? “You don’t have to. That doesn’t change the truth,” Kylo says. Kylo brings the apple piece he’s holding to Hux’s lips. Hux doesn’t protest; he finds the gesture comforting for reasons he can’t name. He opens his mouth and Kylo places the morsel on Hux’s tongue. Hux closes his eyes and does his best to savour the flavour and even out his breathing. Good, he tells himself. I’m nourishing my body. I need this. It’s good. He swallows. Kylo knows to take this slowly. When he fasted during his training, he learned that he shouldn’t eat too much too fast. He’d made that mistake the first couple of times and had regretted its interference with his ability to eat properly in the days that followed. Hux needs the same, if not more careful, treatment. Kylo chooses a strawberry and plucks off the green leaves. He feeds it to Hux, who crushes the seeds in between his teeth. The sweetness of the fruit dances on his tongue and lingers after he swallows it. “How is it?” Kylo asks, preparing another strawberry for Hux. “It’s… it’s…” Hux tries to form his sentence. It’s the kindest thing someone has done for me in a long time. It feels like being cared for. It’s tender. It scares me. But Hux cannot say those things to Kylo Ren. “It’s all I want right now,” he whispers, like a prayer. It takes Hux about two hours to declare himself finished. Kylo considers this to be progress though Hux still won’t touch the carbohydrates. Almost immediately after Hux says he’s finished, he starts talking about his physical symptoms unprompted, to Kylo’s surprise. “I shouldn’t have done that.” “Done what?” Kylo asks, putting the rest of Hux’s food back in the conservator. “Eaten all that food.” “You ate some fruit. It’s a good thing.” “It doesn’t feel good.” “What do you mean?” “It feels heavy. I can feel everything I just ate. It’s sitting inside me and it’s changing my shape. It’s changing what I am, how I look, and I can’t control that.” Except you can , says the voice. You know what to do. “It’s supposed to be inside you,” Kylo says, resuming his seat on Hux’s bed. “Your body needs time to process it. To turn the nutrients into energy. Besides, it hasn’t changed what you are. You’re still you.” “Can’t you see?” He stands up and turns sideways, just as he did earlier that morning. He can feel his stomach stretching to accommodate all the food he just ate, he feels as though he’s eaten all his meals in one sitting. How can a few apple slices and a handful of berries feel like this? “Look!” Hux cries, pointing to his middle. Kylo looks. He can’t see anything different; there’s no sign that Hux consumed anything at all. “Hux, it’s all right. Your shape is the same. I can’t see that you’ve eaten at all. You could leave this room and nobody would notice. Your uniform still fits the way it did this morning —” Ha, Hux thinks “ — and nothing looks out of place. Trust me, you’re all right.” But Hux doesn’t believe Kylo, can’t believe that he doesn’t see what Hux sees. He knows that Kylo is just trying to help, but lying never helps anyone. The voice is right: there’s one thing that Hux can do. “I’ll be right back.” Hux starts to get up, but Kylo catches hold of his wrist, knowing and fearful of what Hux intends to do. “Stop,” Kylo says, without letting go of Hux. “I know what you’re thinking. You don’t have to go in there, you don’t have to make yourself sick. You deserve to eat.” “You don’t know shit!” Hux snaps. “I have to, you don’t understand! You don’t know how it feels!” Hux cries, placing his free hand just above his belt. “It’s inside me, it’s moving. I need to get it out. Let me go!” Kylo, still seated on the bed, pulls Hux towards him and wraps his arms around Hux’s waist. Hux stiffens at the touch. Kylo’s hands are right where he feels the worst and Hux can’t imagine how repulsive Kylo must think he is. “Don’t touch me, don’t touch me there! It’s disgusting! I’m disgusting!” Hux shouts. He tries to push Kylo off him but Kylo pulls him in closer and moves one of his hands to Hux’s lower back, like he did on the walk back from the medbay. “You’re not disgusting,” Kylo says. “If you were, I wouldn’t want to touch you.” He feels Hux slacken ever so slightly in his embrace. “You’re not disgusting,” he repeats, caressing Hux’s back and relaxing his hold. “Shhh,” he says. “Sit down.” Kylo takes Hux’s wrist again but loosely enough that Hux can snatch it out of Kylo’s grip if he wants. “I’m going to let go of you,” Kylo says quietly. “You’re free to go to your fresher and do whatever you like and I won’t stop you.” Hux flinches, considers pulling away and lurching towards his fresher. “But I want you to listen to me.” Kylo continues to speak in the same even tone he started with. Hux could leave right now, but something about Kylo’s low, unmodulated natural voice compels him to stay, calms his awful thoughts. Is he manipulating me with the Force? Hux jumps to the conclusion, convinced that he’s figured it out. How else could he have calmed down so fast? “You’re using the Force on me!” Hux accuses, panicked. “You say you’re going to let me go but you’re not! You don’t trust me! You want me to fail! You want to ruin me! For what, so you can stay the Supreme Leader’s favourite? Fuck you, Ren! You’re a filthy, manipulative, lying — ” Before Hux can finish his tirade, Kylo silently drops his hand from Hux’s wrist. “… oh,” Hux says. Kylo lets several seconds pass, more than enough time to let Hux go to his fresher if he wants. But he doesn’t. After what feels like an agonisingly long time, Kylo looks up at Hux, his eyes dim with hurt. “I’ve never used the Force on you, General, not once. I never intend to.” With that, Kylo stands up and walks out of Hux’s quarters without so much as a backward glance. “Ren, wait! I’m sorry, Ren, I’m so, so, sorry! Ren, come back!” Hux calls. “Ren, I’m sorry! Please!” But Kylo does not come back. All of a sudden, Hux feels very, very empty. Notes: Content notes: - Hux’s grey uniform comes from the Visual Dictionary . - I wanted to address the effect that an eating disorder like Hux’s has on one’s sexual functioning. However, I do not have a penis and I’m not entirely sure I got the mechanics of it right. There’s not much information available about this, even in places that focus on (cisgender) men’s eating disorders. Again, if there’s someone more knowledgeable about this who wants to point me in the right direction, that would be great. - The reference to Kylo knowing about Hux’s food issues is a reference to Hold On, We’re Going Home . - The Sith Legend is of course, that of Darth Plagueis the Wise. I have a love-hate relationship with it. On one hand, it's such a meme and it’s hilarious, but on the other hand, it makes it harder for me to include it seriously in this fic. But I did it anyway. - This chapter has been split into two, and the fic is now six chapters long. The chapter count has been updated to reflect this. It is still subject to change, but I have a very solid framework for how it will end and how we’ll get there. Personal notes: - I think Hux’s anxiety wouldn’t permit him to turn up late to the summit. It’s either he goes or he doesn’t; I’m the same, even with crucial events. - I tried to brush my teeth and comb my hair at the same time to see if I could do it. It’s totally possible. - I thoroughly regret writing this thing in the present tense because it’s led to some issues with consistency. I’m sorry if anything is unclear. I don't have a beta reader for this fic so all errors are mine. - Next chapter: Kylo and Hux make a sincere attempt to work together and Hux goes to medbay for his checkup. If you read this chapter, I'd really appreciate a comment letting me know what you thought. Thank you, so, so much . Notes: If you or anyone you know is suffering from an eating disorder, I've listed some resources that may help. Although some services are location-specific, many of them also offer information and remote support. I’m on tumblr and I’m available to talk and offer support in whatever way I can. National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) The National Association for Males with Eating Disorders (NAMED) National Eating Disorder Information Centre (NEDIC) Eating Disorder Hope Beat Works inspired by this one: Repression, Displacement... Undoing by symphorophilia (klismaphilia)