" Kriff !" A barrage of blaster fire shot past the makeshift hideout of crates, conveniently stacked in the hallway, followed by the march of tens of Stormtroopers towards the pilot's exact position. Poe Dameron has had worse days but this day was definitely working it's way into his top ten list. Alarms blaring, making his eyes ring, alerting a whole ship of enemy combatants of his conspicuous presence on the ship. He's out of ammo, wounded and has no clue how to get out of this damn place. With the footsteps growing louder and louder, the pilot takes a deep breath, clutches at his blaster and makes a dash for the corner, praying to whatever deity would listen to him that there wasn't something waiting there to shoot him point blank. Poe made the sharp turn, eyes trained on the gang of 'trooper's readying themselves to shoot at him again. Everything seemed to go in slow motion -- Poe's realized that's how things always seemed to feel when he was in mortal danger -- only to speed up again when he violently collides with a figure that seemed to be turning the corner at the same time. The pilot cursed and pointed his blaster at the man who stumbled backwards due to Poe's refusal to fall backwards and become an open target. The pilot had realized long ago that people underestimate his abilities outside the cockpit but Poe always proved that he's a solider through and through. He does a quick mental examination of the man: civilian clothing, young, and most importantly, no blaster . The dark-haired man didn't like to play dirty but he kept the blaster pointed at the man on the floor. It's not like he knew Poe was out of ammo. "Get up," he said in a hurry, hearing the approaching footsteps and figuring he has about twenty seconds until they become a hail of blaster fire. The younger man looked at the pilot with disdain, still nursing the injuries he sustained from the collision. Poe made a small noise of frustration at the non-action, glancing fervently behind him. With more urgency, the pilot raised his voice, "Now!" Slowly, the man arose, hands lifted in the air in surrender. Poe sighed in relief. So far, so good. He wasn't sure what kind of bargaining power he could get out of this man, but if they can escape these 'troopers then his guy could potentially be his ticket off this boat. "Okay, now you are going to lead me somewhere safe, where I can hide," Precious seconds pass. The never-ending alarm reminds Poe he is in a kriffing hurry. "Now, quickly! Or else I'll shoot you dead!" The pilot hoped his face didn't betray the lack of sincerity in his threat. The civilian bit his lip. There was a complicated mix of irritation, contempt, and skepticism in his countenance but Poe knew the exact moment the man relented. "All rig --" It seems the man had taken just enough time to respond -- maybe on purpose -- because the sound footsteps became louder than the siren blaring right by Poe's ear. "Freeze, prisoner!" A disembodied voice rang out loudly in the, now-familiar, muffled voice of a Stormtrooper. Kriff it all, Poe sighs. It's not really the last thought the pilot would like to have but it's an honest one. At least, Poe thought it would be his final thought. It takes a whole five seconds for the pilot to notice he is not riddled with bullet holes and saying what would be totally badass last words. The Stormtrooper's were all in attack positions, fingers on the trigger, ready to shoot. But...just not . Were they broken or something? Run out of batteries? Then, slowly but surely, Poe realizes. Realizes the only thing different about his current situation (no blaster-fire) and his situation before (lots of blaster fire) was this random guy he'd bumped into. The same guy Poe still has a blaster pointed at. Oh, thank Force, someone is looking out for me. Poe smirked, mostly in relief rather than confidence, before quickly grabbing one of his prisoner's still raised arms and gently twisting it behind their back. He repositions the blaster to the young man's temple, which elicited a hiss from the newly-designated human shield. "Okay, everyone!" Poe exclaimed, his voice on the cusp of self-assurance. "One more step and he'll get it. Weapons down, now." After a few tentative (and what the pilot knew were unsure) looks, the 'troopers obeyed the command, placing the blasters at their feet and repeating the young man's gesture of surrender. Woah . Poe cleared his throat. "Well, that's...that's good," he managed. He was far too taken aback to formulate his next move as quickly as he normally would have. He moved his head slightly so his mouth was right beside his hostage's ear. "You're going to take me to a ship hangar, okay?" he whispered, stealing glances at the white statues in front of him. "And get me on a ship." The younger man narrowed his eyes in contemplation. He could pull some maneuver, pull Poe in the open so his comrades could turn the pilot into an obituary in tomorrow's Resiatance bulletin. He dug the blaster deeper into the man's temple. " Now ." The civilian's nose bunched up in disgust. "Behind you, the way I came. End of the hall. I know the codes." "Good," Poe nodded, face stern. He's able to think clearly now, swiftly. "But we're gonna walk backwards, nice and slowly, because your friends over there look a little too jittery for my comfort." The younger man grunted as Poe tightened his grip, guiding his hostage back in small steps. The pilot's head almost rotated in a full circle as he checked behind him for any hazards and to ensure that the 'troopers in front of him didn't get any wise ideas about picking up their blasters. It was a completely surreal experience as they travelled down the corridor. Other units arrived, intercepted them in the numerous adjacent hallways to the corridor but one glance (Poe assumes -- he can't really see what they are looking at) at the civilian and they froze in place. The officers Poe encounters on his way down strangely seemed to want nothing to do with the situation -- most averted their eyes or walked back into whatever room they had just exited when the pair make their way towards them. Poe's left eyebrow is continuously lifted as they transverse the remaining distance. What in the world is happening right now? They reach the room the young man indicated and he punches in a code, but not before shooting a deathly glare at the pilot. Poe wasn't sure who the kriff this guy was but clearly he was someone that no one on this ship wants to see hurt. But, in a bizarre turn of events, also a person no one seems to want anything to do with. The maintenance crew in the hangar, who seem to be a mix of mechanics and pilots themselves, didn't notice the pair slink in quietly even as the alarm trickled in the open door. In comparison to the hallway, the hangar seemed soundproof and the people completely disinterested in whatever is happening outside the door. Not in their job description to hunt down intruders, I guess. In the silence, Poe instinctively put a hand of the younger man's mouth. No need for him to scream at the most critical -- and quietest -- part of his plan. He had to manage to get in a TIE fighter while keeping this bargaining chip. Because as soon as the young man manages to escape, he has Force knows how long before ten infantries -- and however many reinforcements they called in the meantime -- come storming in from just outside the hangar in a violent wave. "Mman uum pie mn kai mmihter?" Poe's head whirled to get a better look at the prisoner. The man's eyes, topped with eyebrows furrowed in a deep yet silent rage, are strained to look at Poe's face behind him. "What?" he replied in confusion before lifting part of his hand. "I said, can you fly a TIE fighter?" The younger man hissed. "I can fly anything." "Fine, then hurry and pick one so I can go," he snarled. "I will. Gimme a second," Poe maintained his look of seriousness and contemplation. He couldn't actually blame the man for being a bit pissed off. He was just minding his business before got tangled up in Poe's amazing escape. The pilot leads the man to an unmanned TIE tighter. They'd have ten seconds to open the hatch of the ship. That'll give their position away and cause a bit of trouble, Poe is sure of that much. It wasn't until they reach the ship that Poe finally speaks again. "I am sorry for having to dig the blaster into your temple. You know how it is..." "Whether that's genuine sympathy or not..." the younger man began. The pilot expected some barb or cutting remark but the civilian sighed as if he couldn't help muster the strength to say what he was going to. "Are you going to get in or not? Surely, the men outside the door are formulating a new plan of attack." The pilot observed the man for a second. The way he bit his lip, the look of superiority and absolute confidence that he'll be just fine regardless of what happens. What was this guy? "The code for the outer hangar door is inputted on the top left near the exhaust, 362187. It will open both the door to the launch area and to this area for exactly 20 seconds each in order, one by one," he continued in the silence that Poe's lack of response left. "Isn't this treason?" Poe questioned. "You can come with me, you know. If they're going to hurt you here for what you're do --" "May I remind you that I am a hostage?" the man interrupted calmly. "It's not like I am doing this by my own volition. Save your ridiculous Resistance propaganda for when you don't have a blaster to my head." "Right..." Poe frowned, rolling his eyes before glancing at the TIE fighter. Well, here goes nothing. If Poe Dameron were re-telling the story, he wouldn't use that phrase exactly because once he releases his hostage to climb into the ship, all hell breaks loose in the hangar. For one thing, the man kriffing screams the word 'intruder' just before Poe can grab the man again. Second, the younger man was right: there were hundreds of 'troopers waiting to rush in and they did , shooting recklessly under the assumption that their golden boy was safe. Last of all -- and, by now, Poe had nearly forgotten that he was dragging a kicking and screaming humanoid adult male into the TIE fighter so people would stop shooting at him for one kriffing moment -- the pilot sees something distinct in the storm of white suits. A menacing dark figure, stark and towering. The same figure that had less than an hour ago violently invaded his thoughts and left him for dead. Kylo kriffing Ren. But why? If Poe was a cockier man, he would have assumed that the Master of the Knights of Ren had made this special little trip just for him. But as the hatch of the TIE fighter closed, engines roaring loudly amongst the chaos, Poe's eyes focused less on the quickly closing gates in front of them and more on Kylo Ren's furiously outstretched arm behind them in the small outer mirror. There were small tugs pulling the ship back but Poe kicked the ship into overdrive, just barely making it through the hangar door and out the launch pad door before it clamped down on itself. For the first time in what felt like forever, there was silence. Absolute, no alarms silence. As calm, glittering darkness engulfed the ship, the pilot couldn't shake the feeling he felt gazing into the knight's blank mask. The feeling that Kylo Ren might have made that journey for the pilot's new yet almost-forgotten, unconscious, bullet-proof cargo. Chapter 2 It was smooth sailing for all of five minutes until Poe's cargo regained consciousness and begins thrashing. "Where am I?" the man breathed out in horror, looking around his portion of the TIE fighter. Once realization settled in, the man twisted in the seat Poe had (with great trouble) buckled him into and confirmed his growing suspicions. " You ." "Hey, buddy," Poe responded, sheepishly. This was a blessing and a curse, he figures: the TIE fighters they sent seem to be content in following peacefully. "Look, no one is shooting at us." " You ..." The man repeated, unbuckling his harness. He reaches over to Poe's neck, grabbing it firmly and shaking. "What is the meaning of this? You promised to let me go once you were in the TIE fighter!" Poe gargled violently and moved the ship hard to the left to shake the still-woozy younger man off. "Okay! Let's clarify that I never promised anything !" The pilot said over his shoulder, making another sharp movement upward when he noticed his assailant had regained his footing. "And two, you wouldn't be here if you hadn't shouted at the top of your lungs and alerted everyone to where I was!" "Did you think I was just going to let you escape?" the younger man growled, wise enough not to make another sudden movement lest the pilot jerk the ship again. "Yes!" Poe exclaimed in exasperation. He looked back to find the man breathing heavily in exhaustion, bleeding from a fresh yet small cut on his forehead. The pilot looked toward the TIE fighters following him. "Anyways, it's not like I can just go back and say 'hey, I think I accidentally took something of yours'." "When you land, the fleet of ships following you will still be there," the younger man settled back in his seat, arms crossed in an amusing mix of defiance and defeat. "How do you expect to escape them when you decide to land?" "Still working on that, buddy. This plan is very organic in concept," "You have no idea what you're doing," the man deduced with a scoff. "And stop calling me 'buddy'. We're not friends." Poe rolled his eyes and sighed loudly. "Fine, you have a name?" "Of course I do," the man snapped as he moved his entire body to look at Poe. The pilot noted from the corner of his eye the look of absolute offense on the man's face at the suggestion that he wouldn't have a name. He moved back to sit in his seat with a slight pout. "It's Finn," "All right. Finn," Poe nodded in acknowledgement, testing the name against his tongue. "I'm Dameron. Poe Dameron. Please to meet you, Finn." "I wish I could say the same," Finn grumbled. Then there was pure silence. A suspicious amount of quietness that Poe would have noticed if he were not thinking of the next portion of his escape plan. The only sounds Poe could hear over his rapid thoughts were small shuffling noises from the seat behind him. He assumed Finn was restless -- few people ride in cramped ships like X-Wings and TIE fighters unless they were pilots. Poe could see how a civilian could be a little claustrophobic. But oh how wrong Poe was. Not wholly wrong because Finn was restless except he was doing a little more than fidgeting in his seat. The internal alert of the TIE fighter went off -- loud with a rainbow of buttons flashing for attention. Poe cursed under his breath, looking around his side of the ship before turning to notice that Finn had managed to pull out three sections of wiring. "What in the kriffing universe are you doing?" Poe shouted, desperately trying to control the now-renegade ship. Finn had managed to sever any semblance of manual control and now the ship's override is trying to head back to Finalizer . Or rather it should be heading back to the Finalizer except that the autopilot function was completely damaged by Finn's handywork. In the veritable free fall towards the desert planet of Jakku, Poe perhaps thought his prisoner would be cooperative. Poe was wrong. Finn continued to pull out wiring, a look of mad determination on his face. "Kriff, Finn! Stop! Do you have a death wish?" the pilot grunted, beads of sweet rolling down his face as he manages to safely break atmosphere with the little control he still has over the ship. Finn didn't answer the pilot, instead bracing himself for their landing. The TIE fighter skirted just over the planet surface for some distance, hitting the surface like a rock skipping over water as Poe struggled to take the controls up. The control panel burst in flames, eliciting another harsh curse from the pilot. The other man was shouting something but the ringing in Poe's ear deafened any noise around him. Finn made an annoyed expression, grabbing and pulling Poe to his side of the ship before ejecting himself, tightly clinging to the pilot as the painful rays of sun hit their eyes. The TIE fighter fluttered and crashed moments later, perfectly visible as they floated gently to the surface via their life chute. The younger man is breathing heavily, his face stained with sweat and the dark oil that soaked the wires. Sprawled precariously across his lap, Poe focused in horror on the crash site. He was planning to off-load the TIE fighter for a less conspicuous ship once he found a way to land safely. It's probably okay , Poe reassured himself, I can still sell the good parts. The converter is probably fine. Engine is shot but the parts will do. The metal on the harnesses could even sell for -- oh, kriff! . Poe's mouth opened slightly in shock as the ship is rapidly engulfed by the sandy earth beneath it. The two land hard against the ground with nothing to cushion their fall except sharp grains of sand. Still strapped into his seat, Finn tips over as Poe rolls off his lap. The pilot drags himself to his feet, hidden exhaustion and new adrenaline fighting for dominance as he regains his balance. He shielded his eyes as he surveyed the surroundings. Just nondescript desert in every direction. Great. Just kriffing great. "You're welcome," a voice comes from behind him. Poe whirled to find Finn on his feet, simultaneously patting down his clothes and the sand still plastered to his face in large, imprecise movements. Poe, normally level-headed and easy-going, was beginning to lose his cool. "You're welcome for what ? Almost killing us both?" he questioned with an edge. " No ," Finn spits out the granules of sand that had gotten into his mouth. His eyebrows knit tightly. "For getting you away from that fleet of TIE fighters." "What?" Poe replied, taken aback slightly. The corner of Finn's mouth slacked in irritation. "I ripped out the wiring on the tracker for the TIE fighter. Then the autopilot because once the tracker went offline, they'd tap into that system to follow the ship. The automation system is constantly detecting the location of the flagship in the event it's activated. It's a safety measure since the tracker is practically common knowledge and common sense by now. That left the actually ships following you so I ripped out some more wiring to overloaded the system and initiate a crash landing. Any other type of landing and they would have been able to track and follow us easily." He chuckled to himself as he continued to dust the remaining portion of his clothes off, "If you think you're good, then you haven't seen a First Order fighter pilot in action." Poe's face relaxed in surprise. "So you had a plan to save us." "No, I had no clue whether or not you'd survive the crash," Finn shrugged nonchalantly. He grabbed a loose white cloth from his pocket and wiped off the sweat-oil mix on his cheek. "The control wiring I ripped out effected your seat's ability to eject. Most likely disabled it, if I am being honest." "I appreciate the honesty," Poe frowned. He blinked a few times in a moment of realization, his face lighting up almost immediately. "You pulled me into your seat. You saved my life." "I didn't," Finn said through lips pursed in embarrassment, his gaze focused just under Poe's eyes rather than on them. "You crawled into my lap just as I ejected. You could have killed us both." Poe's staring right into Finn's eyes with a dumb smile plastered across his face. "You saved my life," He moved forward to embrace the younger man tightly, holding on as the recipient squirmed to get away. "You're a good man, Finn." "I did not and will you let go?" Finn struggled against the hug. "But I did get the ship off their radar -- so I could get away, I might add -- so the least you could do is tell me where the next town is so I can contact the First Order." "I would, buddy," The pilot grinned as he spoke. "But I have no clue where we are." "What?" The response was choked. "Weren't you captured here? You are the prisoner who knew about the droid on Jak --" The younger man stopped himself, brown pupils wide in recognition that he's said too much. Poe's eyes narrowed, observing the young face. That's right . In light of the recent events, Poe had nearly forgotten that Finn was apparently First Order royalty. "Yeah, that's me," Poe replied after a beat. "But it was night and the village was..." "I know," Finn replied almost instantly after Poe had trailed off. The answer was solemn, full of a vaguely distant pain Poe doesn't fathom. The younger man's whole countenance shifted to irritation when he noticed Poe's appraisal of his features. "We might as well stick together until we find a town." "You'd have little old me as a travel companion?" Poe smirked. "And what if I don't want to travel around with you, Mr. Save Myself Only?" Finn frowned at the older man's cheekiness. "It goes well below freezing in the deserts and Jakku isn't exactly known for it's friendly residents. Two heads would be better than one around here, even if the other one is yours. You're Resistance, Dameron, but not idiotic." "You might be wrong about that," the pilot grinned. The younger man crossed his arms in annoyance, the question of 'yes or no?' hanging in the air. Poe sighed. Clearly, the younger man was determined to not make the best out of the situation. "I was looking around when we were in the air, I saw some buildings. An outpost maybe, some distance due south. We can make it quickly." "It'll have to do," Finn nodded before turning to walk in the direction Poe had indicated. The older man jogged to catch up to the surprisingly fast man. The desert wind seemed to blow sand granules exclusively in Finn's face, causing the silent trip to be peppered with the man's harsh grumblings. "Here," Poe said finally. He took off his jacket and draped it across the younger man's head. "Use it to keep the sand out of your face. It's too hot for me to be wearing it anyways," "I don't need your pity," Poe chuckled. "Trust me, it's not pity. I am just sick and tired of being practically on fire, hungry, hurt and having to listen to you complain about the sand every ten seconds. I can only fix one of those problems." It must be a mirage because the pilot would have sworn he saw the corners of Finn's mouth curve upward at the comment. "Are you saying I'm a problem, Dameron?" "Yes, if I am being quite honest," the pilot smirked again. Finn falls silent afterward, tugging the jacket over his head to obscure his profile. This gave Poe the opportunity to openly scrutinize the younger man without his contempt. His stance is militaristic with a smooth, straight gait. The fingers clutching at the ends of the jacket look soft underneath the sheen of sweaty oil. Now that Poe is really thinking about it clearly, Finn's entire being was a paradoxic mix of tactical brilliance and a faint delicacy. "Finn?" "What?" was the annoyed response. "On the Finalizer , the alarms were blaring but you were walking as if it were nothing. Why weren't you running?" "Why should I have? The ship is full of highly-trained Stormtroopers," Finn glanced quickly over at Poe then back in front of him. "No one assumed you'd get far from the interrogation room." Poe shrugged. While Finn was in a talkative mood, he might as well test his luck. "You're a civilian? An engineer? You knew a lot about that TIE fighter." He could hear the scowl on Finn's face forming. "Neither. I just happen to have the time and interest to read a thing or two about ships." Poe had ruled the possibility out awhile ago but it was worth the check. The clothes would indicate he's not a military officer despite his stance and blatant sense of superiority. Not a conquered royal abroad for a ride along. But still someone -- Poe is convinced -- important enough that Kylo Ren to make an appearance. Poe shook his head, his face twisted in deep thought. For everything Poe knew, Finn made absolutely no sense. "Are you an some type of officer in the First Order?" Poe guessed. Finn huffed in annoyance. "Listen, Dameron. I am not asking you a barrage of questions, am I?" "Right, sorry, buddy," Poe replied, backing off a little. "Just thought I would get to know you better since we're stuck together." "Hopefully not for long," the other man sighed as he began walking again. After twenty steps, Finn spoke again. "I am not affiliated directly with the First Order, if you must know," It was reserved, quieter than anything Finn had ever said. He continued with a faint longing tinting his words, "I was, a long time ago, but I have my own loyalties now." Poe listened carefully, trying to parse the words for a hidden meaning. It doesn't explain anything about Kylo Ren's interest in their escape, his blaster-proof status on the ship, his intimate knowledge of what Poe assumed to be classified and privileged information. It only makes the younger man more enigmatic to the pilot. "And you?" Finn's voice interjected his thoughts. "You've asked me a lot of questions about myself and you haven't said a thing. Maybe I'm curious, too. Since we're going to be stuck together for a bit, you know." The pilot grinned and stretched with his shoulders. "Well, if you want it from the beginning, I was born on Yavin 4..." With just those words, the road to the Jakku Outpost somehow seemed longer than ever before to the young man. Chapter 3 The Jakku Outpost is a dump. Quite literally a dump, Finn noted quickly. Old, battered ships littered the outskirts and served as the only distinguishable landmarks in the area. The young man's nose bunched in disgust as a foul smell fought for entry into his nostrils: the place is filthy, the musky, dry air amplifying the smell. The locals are no better, too. They're staring at the pilot and him as if they were reasoning out how much they were worth if they could manage to capture and sell them. "Well, Dameron," Finn sighed, peeling his eyes away from some creature who had been staring at him a little too long. "Here is where we part. I can manage from here." A skeptical look on Poe's part preceded the burst of laughter. "Finn, whatever it is that protected you on the Finalizer is definitely not here . These people'll shoot you without a second thought if you even look at them funny." Finn looked around to see an assortment of eyes staring at the inconspicuously human pair. Poe was right... he wasn't here. "Well, you do have a responsibility for getting me back home. What do you suggest?" "If I can get us a ship, then I can take you to a neutral planet -- a better one than this -- and you can contact whoever it is you need to contact," Poe thought for a moment. "Or you could go somewhere else. The First Order must think you're dead because of the crash. You don't need --" Poe stopped as he noticed the color drain from his companion's face. Finn was trembling as if he were cold. It's well over comfortably hot even in the shade and, beyond the vague panic in the younger man's eyes, that was enough to make Poe worry. "Finn? What's wrong?" "Dead?" he quivered, looking up fully at Poe. "Yeah, well, uh," Poe bit nervously at his inner lip. Poe definitely liked the Finn that was lively and hated him more than the Finn that is looking at him like he'd punched him in the gut. "Surviving the crash would have been a miracle from their point of view. Even if they searched the site, the ship was taken in by a sand pit. Anyone would have thought we died on impact or unconscious in the sand pits. I thought you, well, maybe had planned it that way." Finn shook his head slowly. The wild look in his eyes honed in on Poe as he grabbed the older man's arms tightly on either side. "You have to get me back! Now , Dameron!" "Woah, Finn!" Poe exclaimed, startled. In the most calming tone he could muster, "I'll get you there, don't worry." "I mean immediately! I have to get back to him ---" Out of nowhere, Finn shouted out in pain. Loudly . His whole body was shaking before he hit the ground and a young flash of flesh jumped onto Finn's limp body as soon as it hit the ground. The flash -- a young woman -- deftly pressed a bo-staff to the younger man's neck, eliciting a gargled noise from Finn as he flailed beneath her. Poe reached for his blaster before realizing that -- kriff ! He'd need to pull her off. She looked strong -- stronger than her petite form would let on -- but Poe figured that the adrenaline pulsing through his body would give him enough strength to pull her off Finn, despite the ache throughout his body. The older man was ready to leapt at her until tiny, excited chirps began to break through the musk of urgency that clouded all of Poe's senses. A smile broke out on his face as he leaned down to receive the small ball rolling eagerly toward him. "BB-8! Buddy!" BB-8 chirped at the woman happily, This is my Poe! The droid's head spun quickly back to Poe. Was this man attacking you, Poe!? "No, no!" Poe snapped back to the situation at hand. He turned to the young woman, "Please, let him go!" The woman hesitated until BB-8 made an ashamed and defeated noise, realizing his mistake. "All right," she said slowly, climbing off Finn in the process. "BB-8 saw him with your jacket and his arms on you. We thought he was attacking you." "I wasn't," Finn snarled, rubbing his neck. Poe noticed there were small imprints from the staff in his throat. "Do you normally go around attacking random..." Finn trailed off when he looked the woman fully in the face. His features softened significantly in surprise as he took a step closer to her (a step she returned in the opposite direction). When he finally finished his question, it had lost all meaning. The edge in his voice had also completely disappeared. "Random people?" The pilot looked between the two of them. Under Finn's intense gaze, the woman shrunk into herself. She touched her face in a moment of embarrassment. After a beat however, the woman regained her composure. "What are you staring at?" "What's your name?" Finn asked (in what Poe could swear was awe) instead of answering. The girl looked at Poe in confusion then back at Finn. "Rey," she responded cautiously. "Rey," Finn repeated the name with a faint smile. "Pleased to meet you, Rey. I'm Finn." Rey shrugged, lowering her staff from it's defensive position in the process. "You, too, Finn. And I'm sorry for the attack." "Don't be," There was a tenderness to his voice and in the new smile on his face. "You were acting on what you thought was right. I can't fault you for that..." Finn's words faded into the background as Poe's eyes finally stopped darting between the two people. Oh...oh, stars. Poe gets it. It's not like Finn hides it very well: he's clearly enamored. Love at first sight, head over heels, swept off his feet . It all adds up that way at least. For one, he's never been this nice to Poe (even though he and Poe have had some wonderfully memorable bonding experiences in their short time together). Two, she attacked him and yet he's pleased to meet her. Even making explanations on why it was perfectly fine, Rey, I'm not injured really . Three, and most importantly, he's staring at her like she's an oasis, sun on a cloudy day, rain after a drought. Poe's never been good at math but he knows an affectionate gaze when he sees one. But wait a second . What had Finn been saying before this all started? It was something that Poe latched onto, his mind already trained to memorize every bit of information that passed through the younger man's lips. I have to get back to him... That's definitely what he had said. Him . Someone who would care about Finn being dead. Someone who Finn doesn't want to think he's dead. Someone he wants to get back to -- reassure -- immediately . There's only a few types of people Poe could imagine that would make a person act like their world was crumbling. A parent. No, it couldn't be. A close friend, maybe? Possibly. But there was such an intimacy to Finn's panic, the kind usually reserved for... A lover . Poe's gasp was louder than he thought as both people and the droid turn their attentions to him. Finn's eyebrow rose, clearly upset that Poe had ruined his conversation with Rey. And kriff, they're actually waiting for him to speak. The pilot flashes a smile, more nervously than he expected. "Uh, Rey, thank you for taking care of BB-8. He'd be scrap metal by now if it wasn't for you," BB-8 chirped angrily at the assumption as Poe laughed at his small friend's reaction. "Finn and I are in a hurry to get off this planet. I have an important mission and Finn needs to get back home. Do you know where we can get a ship?" "Mission?" She sounded excited. The volume of her voice went down to a hush quickly as she leaned in towards the pair. "Are you with the Resistance then? BB-8 said it was all top-secret." Poe stared hard at her. He could trust her -- his gut, never wrong, told him he could -- but he wasn't exactly supposed to go around announcing things like that. You never know who is listening and Jakku was filled with people who would sell you out to the highest bidder. However, before the older man could even decide what answer to give, Finn stepped forward. "Yes, we are." " We ?" Poe wasn't angry. Rather, he had whispered in amusement, close enough to Finn's ear that the younger woman couldn't hear. Finn shot him a quick and dirty look. Rey's smiling now and Poe couldn't help but return it. Whether or not Finn liked her more than he did his mystery lover on the Finalizer , Poe could see the appeal of the young woman. She exuded a wholly magnetic charm that Poe might have fallen for himself if he were interested in women. "There's a junkyard nearby. Lots of ships, they don't all work but I can fix them up as best as I can. It'll get you off-world, probably a planet or two away to somewhere you could contact the Resistance. Would that help?" "That would be perfect," Poe breathed out, looking at Finn in relief. Then he smirked playfully at the younger man, "We're going back to the base, Finn. Did you hear that?" "Come with us, Rey," Finn said to his new friend rather than responding to Poe. "Whoever abandoned you here," Abandoned ? Maybe Poe had missed something when he ignored their conversation before. "They'll have to come search for you now. This place isn't where you should be." She shook her head, a seriousness to her features beyond her age. "I have to wait, Finn. They'll be back and I have to be here." "I understand," Finn's face twisted in concern. Poe almost made a noise at the sight of the expression: it's like Finn was a completely different person. "Where is the junkyard?" Rey nodded. "This way..." An explosion and the sound of cries caught her attention as she trailed off. Looming overheard were a a dozen TIE fighters, approaching quickly. Poe cursed. Kriff, not again! Finn looked at him urgently. "Why are they here? You were right, they would have definitely assumed that we died in the crash. Hux wouldn't bother if he thought we --" Another explosion cut him off. Hux . Poe shook his head and the thought from his head. Now is not the time. "They must not be here for us." Rey grabbed Finn's hand and yelled at Poe to follow. They ran quickly, dodging the debris and pedestrians in their way. BB-8 rolled beside Poe, zig-zagging to avoid all the hazards it couldn't jump over like it's human friends could. The older man's head almost snapped as he turned to Finn as the answer came to him. "BB-8! They must have tracked him down!" "The dealer!" Rey shouted, "He was willing to pay a week's worth of finds just for the droid. He must have called the First Order if he knew they were searching for BB-8!" They ran, explosions and screams peppering the distance. Rey pointed to a wide empty space with several large masses and a variety of metallic objects. "There!" "We don't have any time to pick the newest," Poe said, catching his breath as they enter the heart of the junkyard. "Rey, do you know which of these work?" She shook her head. "Not exactly. I can tell you which ones are really junk though." "This one." Finn's voice seemed to creep above the noise around them even as he spoke in a whisper. He's standing in front of an white, derelict ship. "That one was is junk, Finn," Rey replied urgently as she stared at the the approaching violence. Poe's eyes fixed themselves on the ship and a wide grin formed on his face. He whistled loudly, an almost crippling joy bubbling in him. No way, it can't be...but it is and he and Finn say it nearly at the same time: "The Millennium Falcon ." Rey's eyes darted between them and she bit her lip nervously. She finally relented. "All right, it will have to do. Let's get in quickly!" Poe jumped in excitement and rubbed his hands together. "You don't have to tell me twice!" The three of them manage to get abroad the ship with relative ease. Poe took a moment to appreciate the control panel of the legendary ship. The Millennium kriffing Falcon . His joy at being in the pilot's seat overshadowed every other emotion and sense. Finn had a good eye -- all that reading on ships did him well. Anyone who knew anything about starships would know that the Millennium Falcon was one of the best in the galaxy. And it proved that as they weaved through the Jakku landscape, avoiding TIE fighter blasts at every turn. Finn had gone to man the ship's blaster and Poe is blown away -- and not by a TIE fighter because the younger man is precise and deadly manning the machine. Rey and Poe angle the ship in ways it hasn't been angled in years and Finn would shoot, always on the mark. Poe hollered as the last enemy ship goes down and he could hear Rey's silent cheer. They made a good team -- the three of them. A happy sigh escaped the head pilot as they exited atmosphere and entered again into the calm space, this time at warp speed. There were no TIE fighters following them, no trackers and no alarms. He knows he shouldn't but he sets a course for the Resistance base -- he has to, he rationalizes, he can't afford anything else happening to BB-8. Poe feels guilty as he looked over at Rey, who was breathing heavily to settle herself down from the previous rush of energy. She would want him to turn back and return her to Jakku after a while. This wasn't so bad: he could get her back to Jakku eventually, maybe after he dropped BB-8 off and completed his mission. His guilt is mostly for Finn, who was walking through the doors of the cockpit, grinning for the first time since they met. Finn wouldn't be going back home. It would be too compromising: Finn couldn't go back to the First Order once Poe brought him to D'Qar. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Now that Poe finally has time to think, he thinks about Finn. The same Finn who has a lover aboard the Finalizer . A high ranking protector that guaranteed no one would dare harm him even with an alarm blaring. I am not directly affiliated with the First Order, if you must know. Well, that explained it. Finn is only aboard the flagship to keep the guy company. And this mystery man is what Finn meant when he said he had his own loyalties. Poe pursed his lips. He'd said Hux, too. The pilot is not in Intelligence. His job is to get in his ship and find what he's told to seek. But even he knew who the young General was, knew he commanded the Finalizer . Poe's kinda impressed. He figures you can't get anymore of a higher rank than general. Also, for the sake of his line of thought, there wasn't any other rank in the First Order that could pull off getting a whole ship to stop it's mission for one man. The pilot ran a hand through his hair and exhaled sharply. Then Hux had pulled the big guns and called Kylo Ren to stop the TIE fighter. But why didn't Hux come to the hangar himself? If Poe were in his shoes then he'd rush to his lover regardless of what he could physically do. He couldn't just sit around and wait for things to be resolved. The pilot shook his head as if to reset his thoughts. He put his elbows to his knees, massaging the back of his neck with both hands with another sigh. As if these First Order relationships are normal. Did Finn even have a choice? He does seem pretty adamant -- eager, even -- on getting back to the ship. Poe shut his eyes tightly. Okay, so maybe it's slightly consensual. But he could have -- oh, what's that thing call? Dr. Kalonia mentioned it once after they managed to free some slaves during a mission deeper in the Outer Rim. Ah, it was Twi'lek Slave Girl Syndrome. Capture-bonding. Some of the girls were absolutely adamant about staying with the people who treated them terribly. Some even tried to escape the safe house to return to them. The Doc had explained it as being a by-product of a traumatic experience, mistaking a lack of abuse as kindness, as a genuine relationship. I was with the First Order, a long time ago... Hux has an age advantage on Finn -- the man couldn't be older than twenty-five compared to Hux's thirty-plus. Then Hux must have scouted him out when he was young, took him under his wing. Finn has probably been with him for almost a decade. Poe is going to he sick. He sat upright, his previous position a little too accommodating if the pilot really does decide to lay whatever is left of his stomach's contents on the floor. He's going a little overboard with his assumptions. For all Poe knows, it's a happy, healthy relationship. But how do those love-eyes Finn made at Rey fit into any of this? "Kriff!" Poe exclaimed in exasperation. He's never been good at logic puzzles. He'd work on them for hours as a child -- figured out one half only to realize it doesn't make any sense when he tried to work on the other. He'd have to just ask Finn. But he's not sure if the younger man staring at him in confusion is going to be in a talkative mood when he figured out they were less than a quarter of a standard hour from a Resistance base. "Poe? What's wrong?" Rey said, tearing herself from her game with BB-8. "Nothing!" he replied quickly. He began the descent to the planetary surface. "We're landing here, guys." Finn loomed behind Poe, staring down at him suspiciously. "We passed a lot of planets on the way here because they were, in your own words, 'too dangerous'. They at least had signs of life. This one is remote in comparison, Dameron. Is this even inhabited?" "It is," Poe replied with a quiet certainty. His eyes never left the transparisteel screen in front of him. Finn didn't realize until he saw the first X-Wing in the window and to Poe's surprise -- maybe for Rey's benefit -- he didn't strangle Poe on sight. The ship bounced lightly as it hit the surface and both of their eyes stayed staring straight ahead into the thick forests beyond the base. BB-8 rolled out first in excitement at being back home. It's insistence to show Rey around the base got her off the ship first. It was eerily silent despite people outside crowding around the ship. Poe didn't want to leave the pilot's seat until he was sure Finn was off the ship. The younger man had already left a while ago but Poe couldn't say how long. In his line of work though, nothing was a sure thing and it stood to reason that Finn was waiting -- honest to stars, waiting -- in the tiny area outside the cockpit for Poe to get out. "Finn, I --" Poe started and then just as soon stopped. Somewhere deep inside him, he thought maybe Finn would cut him off in anger. He didn't. "I had to." "Take me back now," Finn stated calmly. "I can't, Finn. You've seen --" "Take me back," he repeated. He took a step towards Poe and in the new light, the pilot could see the tension in the younger man's face. A mix of restrained tears and fury. His voice trembled slightly. "You promised , Dameron. Take me back." "I can't, Finn," Poe said again, even softer. "If you got back to the First Order, you would tell him where the base is. We can't afford that." " We ? Since when was it 'we'? You were the one that promised, you !" The younger man approached Poe with heavy steps and an accusatory finger. Another emotion stirred on his face. It's dark and scornful and Poe didn't think it suited the young man at all. "You were never planning to return me anyways, were you?" "Kriff, Finn, I was going to!" Poe exclaimed. He found his voice increasing in volume with each passing sentence. "But after that attack on Jakku, I realized I needed to complete my mission. You think were Resistance scum, fine ! But we're trying to do what's right ," The older man took one step towards an unflinching Finn. There is a pleading overture to his voice now, gentle as if he was trying to coax a small animal. "I know you're a good man, Finn. You keep trying to hide it and deny it but you are. And I know you know that we're trying to help . Help people your lover has hurt , protect the people he might hurt and will hurt !" That did it. The dark expression cleared from Finn's face but underneath there was only a look of deep pain -- the same one from before that looked as if Poe had punched him in the gut. But it was worse this time. This time it was amplified, as if Poe had kicked him when he was down and out. A best later, there was a burning in Finn's eyes and Poe suddenly felt a sharp sensation across his face. Bleary eyed, the pilot laid on the floor trying to process what had occurred. "You don't know anything about him," Finn spat down at Poe, ready to hit him again if the pilot was stupid enough to stand. "He's in pain, too, but you wouldn't ever think about that. It's black and white to you who he is and what he stands for. You don't understand..." "He hurts innocent people!" Poe shouted, roughly. He rubbed his sore cheek and stood slowly. "That's all I need to know. We all are in pain, Finn, so stop making excuses for him." Finn whispered something softly under his breath (Poe thinks he hears something: He's a good man ) as the external door to the Falcon opened behind the younger man. "Will you look at her, Chewie! Hasn't aged a day!" A voice came from the sudden burst of light. "Now let's just see who was cocky enough to sit in my seat." A wail -- a response -- followed. Finn turned around slowly, his eyes doing their best not to leave Poe in the process. It was an older man, a silver mop of hair on his head and a pilot's jacket like Poe's. He was followed by a large, well-armed Wookie. The new pair stared at the scene in front of them then at each other. He addressed Finn, looking him up and down. Too soft . "You're not Leia's golden boy, are you?" He looked towards Poe and nodded at finding his true target. "You. What makes you think you're worthy of the Falco -- ooon! Woah!" It happened too suddenly for both Poe and the Wookie to react immediately. A look of malice overcame Finn's features before he lunged with dexterity at the older pilot, his hands tightly flexed around the older man's neck. The situation deescalated quickly once their companions dragged the two away from each other. "What in the world, Finn?" the younger pilot shouted, struggling to restain the flailing man from springing back at his target. The older pilot wheezed once his freedom from Finn's soft yet violent hands was secured. "Kriff, kid, how did I rip you off?" "You're Han Solo!" Finn bellowed from his restained position. "Finn, cool it!" Poe whispered harshly in the younger man's ear. "It's fine, kid. I've been attacked for less," the older man said, massaging his neck. He's looking at Finn, who is slowly calming down to a manageable anger. "But it'd be nice if when your friend lets you go, that you don't pull another stunt like that. I have a blaster, you know." "You say the Resistance helps, that it doesn't hurt," Finn growled as he finally freed himself from Poe's grip. His head is low as he faces Poe, breathing heavy. The stare he gives the younger pilot was dark again. "Then why do you have people like him, a common criminal, roaming freely on your base?" Poe opened his mouth but it seemed like Finn wasn't expecting any response. He walked past the older pilot and the Wookie, who parted for him to pass, and climbed down the still-open door onto the chilly surface of the Resistance base on D'Qar. Notes: After re-reading everything, I think I have another four chapters to go. :) This is where it left off at the kinkmeme.