Fake It Til You Make It The buzzing in the room died as you clicked off the vibrator; at the same time, a sigh escaped your lips, which twisted into a scowl. This soon transformed into an outright snarl as you, exasperated at yet another failed attempt to bring yourself to orgasm, chucked the offending object across the room. You were only recently promoted to a rank where you no longer had to share living quarters with another. Granted, the walls were undoubtedly thin enough that your neighbors could likely hear everything. It was, thankfully, proper etiquette to say nothing at all on these matters. It was part of life aboard a Star Destroyer—any ship, really—and the crew of the Finalizer was just as healthy in their sexual appetites as any, thank you very much. You rolled onto your stomach, groaning. Oh, you had tried many things in your attempt to discover how wonderful an orgasm could be. You had heard wonderful things about it. Had watched a number of holovids, and if those possessed any truth at all, then by the stars, you were going to cum…somehow. In the past, you had started off using your own hands. That had not quite worked—neither external or internal masturbation. You had felt the build-up, but no fireworks. You had fumbled around with more than one officer whom you were romantically involved with—yet never had you felt yourself aroused enough to try actual penetration. Unsurprisingly, your relationships had not lasted long. It was not as though there was much room for dating , and thus many relationships aboard the Finalizer were based on sex. Presently, you glared at the discarded toy that was lying on the floor across the room. You were still feeling the stirrings of arousal, though nothing too intense. Your disappointment was stronger, prompting you to set the heels of your hands to your eyes in order to rub them. A swear tore itself from your lips, then another. You were interrupted only by the sound of a chime coming from your datapad. Your scowl returning, you lowered your hands from your face and rose from your bed. You took the four steps necessary to reach the object, which you lifted and immediately brought to life with a touch. A message. That in itself would not have struck you as odd; not in the least. It was that the message had come from Kylo Ren that set your heart stuttering in your chest. Your throat bobbed as you swallowed, pinching your lips and screwing your eyes halfway closed. Exhaling through your nose, you opened the message. The single line was, quite frankly, nothing of what you would have ever expected. Another’s frustration has never before been quite so intriguing, officer. While it was common knowledge amongst the crew that the man was a mind-reader—not in the typical sense; he implemented use of the Force to dive into one’s head—you had never considered that your thoughts could reach him from so far. Unless he was near. You blinked, another thought arising in your mind. If he was near, after all, why would he be delving into your head? What would possess him to do such a thing? You brushed aside some of your hair, slipped your tongue between your teeth, and bit down lightly as you considered the message on your datapad again. Projecting? you wondered after a moment. You did not understand the idea of it completely, however it was the only plausible explanation that your mind could come up with. Somehow your sexual frustration was easily projected to any Force-sensitive individuals in the vicinity. Or, as chance would have it, this was at least projected to Kylo Ren. Very sorry, sir. You frowned the moment you sent the message to him. It was less formal than you would have liked, though it did have that professional ring to it. The last thing you expected was a response from him. It is an intriguing challenge. Was…was he offering to try to help get you off? You raised your eyebrows, your eyes widening as you stared at the message. You gulped, wincing at the idea that if he failed to bring you to orgasm, he would kill you out of frustration. You started to type up a response, hoping to let him down gently. While I am flattered, Commander, I don’t believe that it’s within regulations. And I don’t know if I would be entirely comfortable at any rate. You squinted at what you had written, realizing your wording was less polite too late. You had already sent forth the message, and so you groaned. Another ding. Perhaps you need a buffer. That can be arranged as well. You bit down on your bottom lip, wondering what the stars he meant by that. The idea of Kylo Ren touching you—well, you did feel that annoying sensation of heat coursing through your body. Annoying in the sense that you could never quite break the dam that always seemed to follow. What if he failed like all the others, your mind screamed. You couldn’t even bring yourself to orgasm. I will show you. That final message had you shuddering. While you had not exactly agreed verbally, you were under the impression that he could sense your curiosity as much as he could sense your sexual frustration. Perhaps he already knew that you were willing to try so long as he did not harm you. Less than an hour later you were trembling all the more. As surprised as you had been to gain Kylo Ren’s attention, you were even more shocked to find that General Hux had been brought into the ordeal. The redhead strode over to your bed first, lowering himself onto it. You stiffened, starting to straighten up only to have his lips curl into a smirk and his eyes bore into your face. Your mouth went dry. You both felt and saw his hungry gaze trailing along your body. He set a hand on your thigh, rubbing up and down, and you felt yourself growing wet. That’s how it always started, you thought, and yet it finished in disappointment. “Not this time,” Kylo Ren’s deep voice cut through your thoughts. You closed your eyes, your lips parted as you tried to focus on breathing. You could hear a hiss of air, as though something was being released. A heavy thunk; something metallic being set on your bedside table. When next you opened your eyes, they widened considerably. Kylo Ren was far younger than you had ever imagined him. Those thick lips were twisted up in a smirk, much like the general’s, and you felt your breath hitching at the very sight of it. “I’ll make you cum for me.” His voice, so deep—his real voice, so sensual in a way—and the dirty words he spoke had a whimper catching in your throat. General Hux continued to stroke your thigh, his hand hooking more inwards until at last he was cupping your pussy. He rubbed you through your clothing, and you parted your legs. Kylo Ren walked over to you, his hands finding the edge of your shirt. You raised your arms over your head so that he could tug the article off of you. Bucked your hips off the bed when he was tugging down your pants. Felt as though your cheeks were hotter than ever before as both General Hux and Kylo Ren stripped you of your panties and bra. It did not escape you that neither of them had made a move to take off any layer of their own clothing. Kylo Ren dropped to his knees in front of the bed, meanwhile General Hux shifted you onto his lap, hooking your legs over his so that they were spread wide open for Kylo. The brown-eyed man pursed his lips, sending a trail of air towards you. It hit your clit in a manner that had your inner walls pulsing. Behind you, General Hux tilted his head so that he was able to press his lips to your neck. You sighed as he kissed you, and closed your eyes in an attempt to drown in the sensation of Kylo Ren moving forward and burying his face in your cunt. “Mm,” you said, feeling his tongue running up and down along your slit. “That’s so nice.” Your moans sounded almost desperate to your own ears. Kylo Ren, sighing, pulled back an inch. “I can see inside your mind—or did you forget?” You swallowed thickly over having been caught. “You need not fake anything. I’ll find it…what makes your toes curl. What makes you scream.” Between every few words, Kylo Ren lapped at you, his tongue swirling along your clit. At the same time, General Hux’s teeth grazed your flesh. This time when you moaned, it was not fake in the least. Kylo turned his head, kissed your inner thigh, and stood. At long last did he reach for the front of his robes, did he draw them aside and work open the front of his pants. You could feel the redhead hardening underneath you, and you nearly forgot to breathe. Kylo Ren pulled free his swollen member, stroking himself almost lazily. “You’ve used toys…” “Don’t be sloppy, Ren,” Hux said, cupping one of your breasts in his hand, massaging it. With a sort of snort, the taller of the two men set two fingers against your entrance. He pushed inside of you, never once refraining from pleasuring himself. You sighed, set a hand on General Hux’s hip, and squirmed against those venturous digits. Kylo Ren stroked inside of you—so deep, his fingers longer than any of your previous partners’. You felt your heart racing as you thought of what would come next. That was something you had never experienced either. Sex. I really want to cum. You could feel the pressure within you building—then ebbing away for no reason at all. You groaned, frustration threatening to erase the last traces of arousal within you. Kylo Ren and General Hux both chuckled. It was the former who spoke. “So impatient. Relax… You’ll cum.” You nodded, telling yourself that you could trust these two men, your superiors. Kylo began scissoring you, his movements slow and anything but sloppy. You closed your eyes once more and allowed yourself to give into the sensation; that feeling of arousal started to return. General Hux puckered his lips against the side of your neck once more, his kisses likely meant to help keep you relaxed. His hands, meanwhile, were busy with other tasks. One stroked your lower belly, his hand arched so that only his fingertips trailed along your flesh; and the other was still busily kneading your chest, tweaking a nipple. You bit down on your bottom lip and swallowed hard. You needed to be patient, you told yourself as your mind started to once more cloud with pleasure. “Mm…ah!” The latter a noise of protest as Kylo Ren drew away. He was licking his lips, his hand working his cock. The sight of it had you clenching, and the feel of General Hux rolling his hips into yours, only intensified your feeling of need. The redhead stood, guiding your hips with his hands and not letting go until he was certain you would not collapse. Both men were beginning to strip. To say your eyes widened would have been an understatement. You had known that they wanted to make you cum, and yet for them to strip—how far would you go with them? Both of them… Kylo Ren once more licked his lips, trailing that skilled tongue where you could see it. “Fuck…” Hux and Ren chuckled, the sounds rich. The Force user moved onto your bed, lying down on his back. Your eyes drank in the sight of his body. Meanwhile, General Hux lifted up a bottle of lubricant; this you caught in your peripheral. You bit down on your bottom lip, turning to him and watching as he unscrewed the lid. He dipped in three fingers, slicking them up. “Climb on him when you’re ready.” Kylo Ren had gripped his cock, was pumping himself as those words were spoken. You shuddered, climbed onto the bed, and moved to straddle him. His cock was flush against your wet cunt, not quite inside of you. General Hux moved onto the bed behind you, his finger prodding your rear. “Relax…we’ll take our time… You’re going to cum this time.” Your face felt so hot in your state of arousal. You were dripping wet, and you were starting to believe them. They were more patient than other would-be lovers from your past. Kylo Ren caressed your sides, urging you forward, getting you to rock against him. The movements allowed General Hux to freely move his finger, which he had managed to bury inside of you. It felt uncomfortable, though not painful. The lubricant, however, was one you had heard of; it increased arousal in women. They were pulling out all the stops. “Shh, shh,” Ren whispered, his lips quirking into a smirk as the redhead began to work the second digit into you. You trembled, moaning as the man below you bucked up into you, his cock caressing your clit. He pushed up his torso, wound a hand behind your head, and tugged your mouth onto his. You moaned deeply, allowing his tongue to enter your orifice, quivering in excitement as it wormed about inside, teasing along your own. You began to return the kiss, your lips and tongue working with his. General Hux lathered more of the lube onto his fingers, returning them into you. You felt your vaginal walls beginning to almost pulsate, as though you needed to be filled. “You’ll be so full,” Kylo whispered against your lips, his teeth then seizing your bottom lip. He tugged gently, releasing it with a wet pop. “Just breathe through it.” General Hux maneuvered you so that your entrance was at last aligned with Ren’s cock. You gasped, throwing your head back as you were filled for the first time. Kylo Ren moaned in pleasure, whispering words of adoration as he took your virginity, commenting on how tight you felt. General Hux then started to work himself into you from behind. Both men held you up, keeping you from collapsing as indeed you were filled so full. It was so strange, so foreign. It felt—at the first roll of Ren’s hips, it felt amazing . You whimpered. The dark-haired man mouthed your breasts, nibbling at one of your nipples. The redhead, meanwhile, began rubbing your lower belly, never quite reaching down to stroke your clit. Your legs were shaking around Kylo’s waist. The two men began to move inside of you in earnest, each groaning and baring their teeth as they eyed you hungrily. “Fuck.” You could not tell which one spoke this single word. Your mouth was hanging open, your mind so fogged with pleasure—at a depth you had never felt. You had never gotten this aroused before. Your pleasure normally died down before this for reasons you could never explain. One of them reached down between your bodies, fingers ghosting over your clitoris. You hissed, whining and tossing back your head. It was intense . “So nice…relax… We’ll make you cum, baby.” Again, unsure who was saying what. They were both speaking so low, so soothingly. Husky grunts and groans, hands everywhere. Mouths everywhere. On your throat, your neck, your shoulder, your breasts. Tongues—Kylo Ren licking at your throat as General Hux yanked back your head to shove his tongue into your mouth. Both men bucking their hips into yours, fucking you deeply. Two sets of fingers on your clit now, both of them rocking against you. Relenting, backing off to make it all die down, to force it to start building again. “Mm…please make me cum,” you moaned, feeling hands on your knees, jerking your legs further apart so that they could each fully sheath themselves within. All those times you had faked an orgasm in an attempt to draw out a real one—a trick that had never worked for you. Now you were on the edge of cumming, you could feel it, and tears were rolling down your cheeks with the sheer intensity of it all. You were begging for release. Both men were grabbing at your hips, holding you and pounding into you. Their bodies brushing against you, stroking you. Again dropping their hands, one each, to brush against your clit—and then you were so gone. Screaming out your pleasure, swearing, “Fuck…yes! Yes…oh…fuck…fuck… Mmm…fuck!” Panting filling the air, punctuating every one of your screams. The two men groaning, soon swearing as well, filling you with their cum. Your body trapped between them, each tugging at you, trying to pull you against them. You gasped, gulping for air, the three of you collapsing onto the bed together. “Fuck…” you panted. Your two superiors released grunts of agreement. So…invest in…double-sided— “Just…send a fucking…message…” Kylo Ren said between breaths. General Hux moaned in agreement, his hands starting to dance along your flesh. “And don’t be so…obsessed with…faking it…” “Mm…mm…yeah,” you said, nodding and spreading your legs as both men reached between them, cupping you, slipping fingers into you. “Fuck…”