◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰ What It Is: Prologue ◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰ A cargo ship. A simple cargo ship is what holds the once victorious and praised Kylo knight of Ren. A cargo ship is not meant to hold emotions but among stars, the Sky Sweep 4.53 cargo model held all of Kylo’s rage , hurt and bloodlust towards the scavenger that ruined his plans . Everytime he was in the ships small refresher he is reminded of the tiny womans’ power, her mark upon his face is drawn with puckered flesh, still angry. He was furious. This little girl that caught his interest , that dared to enter his mind had defeated him . She had left him in the snow with the cauterized wounds scored by a beam of blue energy;But that was not the thing that vexed him so. The thing that niggled at his mind was the fact that something of his uncles, something of his own bloodline called to her, he knew she wasn't a skywalker; Her force signature was different, almost familiar but not of the skywalker variety. Nonetheless, the saber should have bade him its power instead it flew to the very woman that needled his flesh the most. The woman that denounced his strength in the force and threw his failure right at his nose and quipped his lameness compared to Darth Vader She was completely right and he hated it . Her truth seethed under his skin like molten hate in its purest form . The thought of being too soft pricked his mind and with its needle let loose weakness in his brain , he WAS too soft ever much so that killing his father nearly killed him . The days after he committed patricide were the worst in his forsaken life , guilt riled him and rendered him a useless heap of angst . A week after Han solo was murdered, Kylo plotted. He exiled himself to the goddamned sky sweep so he could manifest vengeance against Rey. Rey Rey Rey , the very name brought so many emotions to him. Anger , desperation and a pique of interest. She could have been his student ; she could learn so much from him . The thought of being a mentor excited him and made him proud and eager such emotions he had not felt since training with snoke as an adolescent. Oh , she would be his . Her mind would be his notebook filling the triple bun-bound book with knowledge of the dark side and its immense power . Doodling flattery in the margins to goad her to want his admiration . All the dark knight had to do was catch the little ray of light and snuff it out until it was darker than pitch , darker than his own turmoil. They would rule together, master and apprentice, Iron fist of the galaxy. ◳◰◲◱◳◰ Rey awoke with a headache. The forces miasmic finger stroking her brain no, not stroking, it was more of a tearing sensation . Emotions that were not her own pooled into her conscious thoughts,feelings of anger and drunken power, a stupor that came from the mind similar to that of a wounded lion. That very lion lay down on the scale of her brain in favor of the darkside , striking at the ball of blinding energy on the other side of the scale that held favor of the light. A war was being fought within herself but she herself had no part in it . Aside from all of that she had no idea where she was . A resistance ship , she knew that much. Was it secure? Where was Finn? And what had become of Poe ? Or what even of Leia ? All of these things amongst the war in her head was pure agony a pulsing sharp ache that brought waves of pain lapping over her head until she was overwhelmed back into an unconscious state. ◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰ What it could have been: Prologue ◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰ A freighter, A damned good freighter is home to Ben solo. Freighters arent typically meant for holding emotions, But among the dirt and sand of jakku, the millennium falcon was holding all of his excitement and interest from the tiny scavenger he had met today. He was amazed. Amazed by the tiny girl who's name he didn't know yet, Amazed by girl that threatened him with a staff for picking on a stupid droid. Ben solo wasnt amazed to often, but this this girl . They met in a particularly romantic way too, another sign that she was meant to be his for a while. ◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰◳◰◲◱◳◰ He had just got done playing sabbac when a droid rolled over his foot, virtually crushing his toe. Now, if he hadnt lost he would've let the little bb-unit go without a word. But he had lost, and he was pissed. So, he called the round droid every name he could think of and bent his antenna. Just before he could do anything else to harm the little guy he felt the air knocked out of his lungs and the weight of a staff slammed against his chest. As soon as he felt his lungs function again he opened his eyes to a beautiful face screwed up in comical rage. He removed the staff from his chest and sprung up, draping himself languidly against the closest available structure in an effort to keep his masculinity intact. "Now why did you go and do that for, sweetheart?" He asked, running an embarrassed hand through dark curls that clung to the sides of his face. "Dont call me sweetheart! And why were you picking on bb-8! he didnt do anything to you!" She said with a surprising amount of rage, pushing his chest with wiry arms to no avail. He silently noted to call her sweetheart more often, whoever she was, was cute when she's angry. "Hey, hey; In all fairness, he hurt my toe pretty bad. What's your name, princess?" "What's it to you, jerk?!" She vented. "Who are you anyway," Ahhh, they always wanted to know more. "Ben solo, smuggler extraordinaire, professional hunk, I could go on" He grinned and shot a soul-winning wink towards her, to which she responded with an expression composite of homicide and unexplored disgust. She turned heel and began to walk away. She paused a few steps into her angry march and turned back around, nearly running up to him. "Ben solo? As in Han solo's son? THE Han solo's son?!" a look of thinly veiled interest schooled upon her features. "Yeah, Always solo's boy. Gotta rid myself of that name, wouldn't want anybody to think I'm a good guy" He grinned and winked again, although he was completely and utterly bothered by being once again recognized for his father's sake. Notes: Reviews and kudos, purty please with portions on top.