“Mr. Solo-” “Ren.” “My apologies. Mr. Ren, I do have some good news for you today,” Professor Snoke trailed off in the midst of his busy tidying. He was an old man, but he could move as if he were still young and youthful. “I was able to find you a mentor.” Kylo, although relieved, was stricken with a slight panic. He was a talented art student struggling to broaden the contents of his portfolio, which, although stunning, contained no color and consistently conveyed feelings of depression and loneliness - people gawked and applauded him no matter, but Kylo knew the real reason for this little intervention. Snoke was worried. Kylo could sense it in the tones of his voice when they talked. “That’s, um. Yeah. That’s great. Thank you,” Kylo choked out. “She said she could stop by a minute, she should be here shortly if you would like to make yourself comfortable.” The professor gestured to the nearest table and went back to his organizing. So Kylo sauntered over to a table, perching himself on a stool with one leg tucked under him and the other lankily sprawled outward - he was too damn tall for these stools. Snoke was one of your favorites. He had a reputation for being one of the more strict art professors - which turned many students off, since art was supposed to be about freedom and creativity. But you felt that he had a method to his madness and quickly developed a deep respect for the old man. So when he asked if you would like to mentor one of his students, you were more than happy to take him up on his offer, even when he added that this one might be a bit tricky and wouldn’t be anything at all like the drawing students you tutored in the courtyard. You were on your way to meet the kid now, since you had some time between your last class and work. “Afternoon,” you said with a smile as you walked into Snoke’s classroom. He greeted you with a warm smile that you knew he hardly ever showed and held his hand out to you. “Ah, ______! I feel like I never see you anymore!” he bellowed as you took his hand and shook it firmly (he had taught you about that, how a solid handshake was one of the most important tools a person could have.) “I’ve invited you to come tutor with us,” you said and raised your hands up as if to surrender. “It’s actually a really nice group. You might enjoy them.” “Oh, you seem to be doing just fine. Here, this is Mr. Kylo Ren, the young gentleman I’ve told you about.” You looked to the tables to meet a pair of dark eyes staring up from their sketchbook and a mop of dark waves. It was a nice mop, though. Well-kept. You made note of the black clothing and your mission was becoming apparent. Smiling, you went over to him and introduced yourself. You also made note of his reluctance to shake your hand, and the way his face tilted downwards, and the way he didn’t smile but instead just pressed his lips tighter together. You made plans to meet under the big oak tree in the courtyard tomorrow, and when he seemed hesitant about it, you assured him that it would be just the two of you. He sighed a little. Notes: oh my GOD i hate how dialogue makes paragraphs so short- but this whole chapter is so short whoops it was a good place to end it and i couldn't have added any more i'm soRRY but thank you so much for reading!!