“Ma'am, I'm sorry but I'm not an electrician. I don't know anything about electrical circuits.” he repeated, trying and failing to keep the exasperation from his voice. “But you just installed the box?” the young woman asked, her brows furrowing in confusion. Her confusion left Matt wondering if he had not been clear enough the first three times. “I wasn't able to because there is no port. You need to talk to your landlord about your options for cable.” “Seriously?” the woman’s expression contorted into anger and she stood straighter, only managing to barely bring herself eye-level to Matt’s chest. Perfectly straightened teeth flashed as she tore into him for not doing his job properly. Matt simply listened, keeping his face carefully blank as she continued on about the expenses of bringing him out and how he couldn’t even install the box. Half an hour later he was finally able to convince her to sign the paperwork confirming that he had in fact been there, but only after being warned that she could be calling his supervisor. Matt had taken most of the company’s appointments all day, and a few extra well after his shift should have ended. As a satellite technician the work wasn’t terribly difficult or physically taxing, but days like this made him want nothing more than to sleep for days. “Matt!” a gruff voice called from just outside the locker room. Biting back a sigh he gathered his things and turned to find his supervisor glaring at him. “My office, now.” His co-workers eyed him sympathetically as he made his way from the locker room into the cramped room Travis called an office. It was more a roomy walk-in closet, or at least it would have been if the man knew what a filing system was. Boxes full of papers and folders were crammed haphazardly against the walls and atop the lone filing cabinet. The ancient fan swung in lazy circles, doing nothing for the musty smell that filled Matt’s senses. “I received a call from your last appointment. I was told you refused to do your job.” Travis, fixed him with a steady glare causing Matt’s skin to crawl. There was something unsettling about this man that Matt couldn’t quite pinpoint. “The apartment wasn’t set up for cable and she was asking for me to wire in a port.” he explained, exasperation finally filling his voice, “I tried explaining to her that she would need to talk to her landlord about her options but…” he gestured to the phone, making his point clear. Leaning back in his seat Travis crossed his arms over his chest, “I can’t pay you for this job.” “You can’t-” Matt started only to be cut off by a curt hand. His fists clenched at his sides. “I can and I will. She’s demanding a full refund and this company cannot afford to lose any more customers. Keep that in mind from now on.” The last of his patience gone Matt slammed the door behind him as he left, causing a new hire to jump. He watched Matt leave with wide eyes before scurrying off in the other direction. “We’d have more customers if you weren’t such a prick.” he muttered under his breath, slamming his car door shut and throwing it into gear. He pulled out, too quickly, onto the street and headed home. And as they say, ‘when it rains it pours’. When Matt pulled up in front of his apartment it was to find the door barely hanging on to it’s frame. Stepping up to the door he realized that the frame itself had been all but completely torn from the wall, rendering the door useless. He clenched his teeth, taking a moment to collect himself before sliding inside, taking care to not jostle the door off it’s hinges. Inside it wasn’t much better. If Matt didn’t know better he would have guessed there had been a robbery, not that they had much to take. He felt what little was left of his control slip away again. “For fuck's sake! Kylo!” his shout earned no response but he knew the man was home from the car still parked on the street. Matt was actually surprised to find it still hadn’t moved. Picking his way carefully through the wreckage Matt found Kylo laying facedown on his bed, unmoving. “Why?” he asked, bitter resentment dripping from his voice. Kylo simply grunted. Picking up pieces of a broken chair Matt hurled one at Kylo, hitting his back with a loud thump. Kylo whirled around furiously. “Why the hell did you destroy the house this time?” Matt asked again with more force. Kylo glared at him as he raised his leg, his pants falling back to show the ankle monitor as though that were explanation enough. “I am this close from just sending you back…” the words slipped from his mouth before he had realized what he said, but in the heat of his anger he didn’t care. “You couldn't afford it.” Kylo shot back, rolling off his bed to stand up. He only had a few inches on Matt and was considerably more muscled, but Matt stood firm. “I can't afford your tantrums! I'm already behind after paying your last bail.” “So what? You’re going to kick me out?” he stalked closer to Matt, “Just like Han and Leia?” Hefting the other chair leg Matt swung up, the synthetic wood connecting squarely with Kylo’s jaw. With a wordless shout the man launched himself at Matt, throwing him to the floor. The grappled in the mess until Matt was finally able to get around the bigger man and wrapped his arm around the other’s neck, squeezing until he stopped fighting. Shoving him away roughly Matt stood, his anger suddenly draining. Kylo sat up slowly, only to slump over, his hair falling down to hide his face, breathing ragged. “Next time either talk to mom and dad or go fuck yourself.” he snarled, hand lingering on the door before he added, “I'm done.” Only his bedroom and the bathroom had been spared from Kylo’s anger. The rest of the house was almost unbearable to look at. Picking his way carefully through the mess he started what promised to occupy him for at least the next few hours. It was already too late to call about the door and despite his best efforts it wouldn’t sit right in it’s frame. He would have to sleep on the couch in case someone tried to take advantage of it. The door alone would drain what little was left of Matt’s savings even if they just had to pay the fee. He looked around the house again, looking for any obvious damage, but fortunately it looked to be just the door. Chances were he could get Kylo to pay the fine as he seemed to be able have rent on time despite no longer being able to work. A few hours later Matt had passed out on the couch without having bothered to change first. Sizzling and the smokey smell of bacon fills the house, drawing Matt to wakefulness. He sat up on the couch, looking around blearily, momentarily confused. In the kitchen Kylo is actually cooking breakfast. Omelettes and bacon from the smell of it. Kylo doesn't say anything as Matt shuffles over, still dressed in yesterday's under clothes, nor does he look up from the loaded omelette he's preparing. In another skillet an unhealthy serving of bacon is sizzling to perfection, making Matt's mouth water. Wordlessly Kylo dumps the omelette onto a plate and starts scooping bacon along with it before handing it to Matt. “Apology accepted. Now care to explain why the door no longer has a frame?” pulling up the last whole chair to the counter Matt sat down, staring at the other man’s back. “You don't want to know.” was all he said, making Matt roll his eyes. “Work related?” they both know what Matt is referring to and Kylo nods silently, moving to prepare an omelette of his own. Matt accepts the answer and digs into his breakfast. When it comes to practical skills Kylo is remarkably versatile and the fact that he can actually cook a decent meal never ceases to surprise Matt considering the man would rather eat already prepared food whenever possible. “Hux is going to be coming over tonight after work.” Matt grunts, knowing there’s no point in arguing against this, “I’m going to call the door in and see if someone can come out today. Jenkins might stop by so please have the house presentable.” “Jenkins is a prick.” Kylo jabbed at the eggs in the skillet, spilling some onto the oven. “And our landlord. He's already been more generous than we could expect from anyone else.” Insert foot in mouth. “How long?” Kylo asked sharply, looking back at Matt intently. Matt took another bite of omelette, reluctant to answer. “How long?” Kylo asked again, with more force this time. Matt set down his fork, his lips pressing together. “A month. Legally he has to.” Large hands slammed down on the counter, causing the plates to jump slightly. Matt finally looked at Kylo, unfazed by his small outburst. “Jesus...when were you going to tell me?” Kylo’s eyes were hard, his fists clenching against the countertop, but he didn’t yell or fly into a rage. That was progress at least. “I got the call yesterday during work. I was trying to buy us more time but…” he gestured helplessly at the house around them, still showing evidence of Kylo's tantrum the night before. As it had turned out there were a few extra holes in the walls. “I...I'm sorry.” Looking for all the world like it pained him to say those simple words Kylo at least seemed genuinely apologetic. Matt deflated. Kylo was an asshole of the highest degree but Matt was all the family he had left. “Get a note from your therapist. I know you've been making progress, but Jenkins won't take my word after this. I'll see what I can do.” “What's broken this time?” the landlord’s receptionist, Carla, didn’t even bother to give her greeting already knowing Matt’s number almost by heart. She barely sounded surprised that Matt was calling this early in the morning. Disheartened by how common this had become Matt gave a pitiful laugh, “Why does something have to be broken?” “You wouldn’t be calling.” Carla’s voice was flat and even a little exasperated. She was probably the one who handled all of Jenkin’s invoices. “Right...it's the door frame. Some damage to the door itself but otherwise the frame is all but ripped out. There’s also a few holes in the walls...” when Carla sighs he quickly adds, “I remember what Mr. Jenkins said. I'm working on it.” “It's a lost cause, sweetheart. I'll send a ticket over to maintenance, but they won't be able to come out until this evening. Until then there isn't much else I can do for you." “I'll figure something out. Thank you.” hanging up Matt clenched his phone in a fist, fighting the urge to throw it before exhaling deeply. The next day was mercifully short, the few jobs Matt was assigned to were quick, his clients agreeable. It gave him time before classes to grab some food, despite his wallet saying ‘no’ he picked up some cheap gas station food on his way and scarfed it down as he waited for the professor. He had never understood the appeal of standing before a couple hundred students every two hours to drone on about things no one actually cared about. Or maybe that was why they tried to cram so many students together before one professor and a team of TA's. Advance forms of math weren't exactly practical. Most students only took the class for the credits it offered and nothing more. Sinking low into his seat Matt tried to focus on the projection screen, but the numbers and symbols seem to blur together and he yawned behind his hand. He felt something bump against his knee and glances down to see the kid in front of him hurriedly hunching forward. His head had lolled back only to find Matt's obnoxiously long leg in the way. Apologizing softly Matt sits up in his chair, giving him a good vantage over the man's shoulder. Pulled up on his laptop is an adoption site, a list of adoptable dogs dominating the screen. “Aww!” the sound slips from him and he shrinks down again as the man half turns in his seat, clicking out of the browser and dog profile he had been looking at. After class the he’s long gone by the time Matt was able to free himself from the crowd. He looked around, unsure why before he let the crowd pull him along. The rest of his classes crawled by at a similar pace and by the time Matt finally got home he was exhausted. It wasn't until he stepped through the newly fixed door that he remembered that Hux would also be there. He glanced out the door, noting the man's car, and stepped inside. The house was remarkably clean, though it usually was whenever Hux came over. That man had Kylo whipped. “Hey, did you get a hold of the landlord?” Kylo popped into the living room. He seemed more antsy than normal and Matt suppressed the urge to roll his eyes, wishing he didn’t know the reason why. “I had class after work. I'll call him tomorrow.” “I mentioned me getting a note, but he just said he wanted to talk to you.” Kylo sounded irritated by this and Matt couldn’t agree more. He hated being treated like Kylo's parental figure. “I'll call tomorrow. Is Hux staying the night?” he asked tiredly, moving for the fridge. “No, I will not be.” Matt hid his grimace of distaste behind the fridge door. Hux was attractive for a guy, but his personality left a lot to desire. Sometimes he wondered why Kylo even liked the man, but that train of thought also applied to Hux. But if the man could successfully keep Kylo out of serious trouble then Matt couldn't be bothered to care. Hearing the wet sound of lips on lips Matt slammed the fridge door shut and settled for a half eaten bag of chips before retreating to his room. Soon after the two began what seemed to be a fairly regular ritual, forcing Matt to crank up his own music in a half-hearted attempt to drown them out as he started homework. “I'm not heartless. I understand it's difficult to find a new home, but I simply cannot continue to lease to your brother.” Jenkins was a middle aged man who had clearly seen better years. His hair was already greying and deep creases lined his face. Matt was almost positive a few of those were the result of Kylo’s destructive tendencies. “But you're willing to let me continue on the lease?” “Yes.” “I can't do that to Kylo,” he barely gave the alternative a thought, “Not while he's under house arrest. He's in therapy right now for his anger issues and he's made progress. If we can get a note from his therapist-” “I understand that it's difficult, but this last outburst...we received several complaints from your neighbors. Some were even concerned that there was a robbery.” with the mention of the final incident Jenkins seemed to age another five years. He did not look unkindly at Matt as he slouched his seat. Closing his eyes the blonde ran a hand over his face, his thoughts going in circles. The only other place Kylo could go on such short notice was home, but he didn’t think their mom had it in her to deal with him anymore. “What if he started seeing a therapist weekly? For more than just his temper.” he tried finally, knowing it was a vain attempt. “I've given you enough chances, Mr. Solo. I can't do anything more for you. I'm sorry.” Somehow those last two words seemed to be the least sincere of everything Jenkins had said since Matt stepped into his office. Nodding he stood, forcing his hands to remain relaxed at his sides. “Thank you. We will be out by the deadline given.” Jenkins simply nodded though to Matt the man seemed relieved. He could hardly blame the him but all the same he felt a sharp twinge of anger. Anger towards Jenkins and towards Kylo. Outside the office Matt slammed a balled fist against the wall and leaned his forehead against it. How the hell were they going to find a new place by the end of the month? There was no telling how long the paperwork would take to actually go through for Kylo. And they had to stay within the city limits. Pulling out his phone he made his way to the bus stop, texting Kylo as he walked. The bus was packed when Matt got on and it was all he could do to simply find a place to stand. He grumbled softly as he held onto a ring, trying to ignore the jostle of his fellow passengers. At the next stop there seemed to be more people getting on than off and Matt had to tamp down his irritation as the crowd pressed closer. As they started to move a frail body lurched back into him and he half stooped to catch the man as he fell back. He was pale, an almost unhealthy shade of white that stood in stark contrast to his coppery hair. His shoulders were hunched, thin arms drawn up against his chest protectively even as slender fingers curled around Matt's raised arm. He looked absolutely horrified. “Sorry,” Matt pulled back as much as he could to let the man right himself, “You can share my ring.” The man's eyes flicked up to Matt and then to the support ring he was holding onto. Only then did it occur to Matt just how blue his eyes were. Unnaturally blue. “T-thanks…” he spoke softly in an almost mumbled tone. Matt simply shrugged as the man reached up to grab the ring, their fingers brushing. Kylo was lounging on the couch, browsing the channels as Matt looked for a new place on his laptop. It's been about a week and so far they had little luck. Even the parole officer was giving them grief and Matt had yet to say anything to their parents. That wasn't a conversation either of them particularly looked forward to. “When are you going to call dad?” Matt asked idly, scrolling down the page. He could feel Kylo’s disdain as though it were palpable. “I doubt they would want to hear from me.” he groused quietly. Matt turned in his seat to glare at the man. “Seriously, man? You’re 30 years old, take some responsibility.” he snapped before taking a calming breath. “Fuck you.” Kylo shot back, but said nothing more. Irritated Matt turned back to his laptop. “Have you at least figured out your budget?” “Same as your’s.” came the rather unhelpful response. Matt sighed too softly for Kylo to hear and clicked on an ad for a two bedroom closer to campus. Glancing over at his brother again Matt propped his head on his hand. Why did he keep doing this? Why did he continue to stand up for Kylo when the man barely did anything for him? This needed to stop but… he couldn’t bring himself to it. Growing up he had admired Kylo, but then Kylo grew up. He changed. He was hardly the same person as he used to be. Matt’s side throbbed painfully at the thought. He looked back down at his laptop, clicking on an ad for a student home near campus. If Kylo had changed so much what did that mean for Matt? Was he no better than his brother? Of all the classes he could have taken to fill the eight block requirement, computer programming had to be it. The introductory course had been easy enough, but this was just about as bad as advanced algebra. There was really no point, but it was good to keep his options open. Not that he had time to keep his options open anymore. He was already 27 for Christ’s sake! He should know what he wanted to do by now not be stuck at a dead end job trying to fit in classes full time. Not that his first degree really did him much good. At this point it was doubtful that any kind of degree would do him any good. Wasn’t that how it worked no a days? Matt scrubbed a hand through his hair, hating how that thought made him sound old. He should start checking for grey hairs now. “Now, I’m handing out the outline for your next project. It’s worth 25% of your grade and I recommend working with a partner.” Ms. Johnson looked around sternly as students already started looking towards their friends. She was a strict woman and seemed to hate teaching, but having previously taught at a high school this had to be an upgrade. Matt glanced around, but he knew no one in this class. It would be a solo project for him and he would probably fail it. Just another flunked class to add to his list. Looking over the requirements Matt sank down in his seat considering for the first time that maybe he should just drop the class. He’d lose the grant for sure, but maybe he could just do school part-time. Finish his generals while he figured out what to major in. In his last class for the day Matt found himself looking at the shock of red hair sitting two seats from where he had originally saw him. It hadn't occurred to him where he had seen the man on the bus before until he had sat down and now he was finding it even more difficult to focus on the lecture. The man, kid more like as he looked even younger than Matt, was looking at dogs again. It must have been nice not having to actually pay attention in class. When the lecture finally ended Matt was one of the first out the door, but hung back, watching as students flooded through the double doors. “Hey!” Matt called out but the red headed kid gave no indication of having heard Matt as he melted easily into the crowd. Matt hung back, frowning slightly even as a small body latched onto his arm. “Matt!” a petite strawberry blonde beamed up at him, effectively drawing his attention down to her. “Hey, shortcake.” Crystal was only a few years younger than Matt and was working towards her second masters the last he checked. Matt couldn’t help but wonder how she did it. “Stringbean. You've been avoiding me?” Crystal pouted as she grabbed his hand, pulling him away from the crowd and up against the windowless door of another classroom. It was set back into the wall and effectively shielded them from the jostle of students on to their different destinations. “No, I've been picking up extra hours at work.” “Gross, any chance of stealing you away from your job and classes this weekend?” standing up on her toes to prop her chin on his sternum she looked up at him with wide, innocent eyes. An immediate red flag. “Depends on the occasion.” Matt said slowly, his hands settling naturally on her waist. She was curvy, something he greatly appreciated. “I'm having a spring break party Friday night.” There it was. A night out might be nice, but another one of her parties was debatable. “It's almost May.” “Ok so more of a last hurrah before finals.” Crystal huffed moving to press herself against Matt, her arms sliding around his waist. “I heard about Kylo's latest episode.” Matt groaned, his head falling back against the wall as he rolled his eyes. No matter what happened, it seemed, Crystal was one of the first to know when Kylo went off. “Come on, you need a break and free booze will do the trick!” “I get the feeling alcohol isn't the only thing that'll be there.” Matt gave her a dubious look, not wanting to say no, but also not wanting to get mixed up in whatever party goods she might have. “Don't worry about it, I'll make sure no one spikes your drink. Please?” drawing out the please she practically danced against him. Placing his hands on her waist he pushed her back gently before the friction turned into more than just thoughts. “Fine.” he finally gave in, watching with amusement as she lit up excitedly. “Great! I'll see you at my place at eight!” standing up on her toes she had to grab Matt's face to peck him on the cheek before scampering off into the crowd. Matt shook his head. Straightening out his shirt he started making his way back home, mentally berating himself for being so easily swayed by a pretty face. He doubted he would drink much but he might at least get laid. Kylo of course heard that there was a party happening and bemoaned his inability to attend rather loudly and incessantly. It almost grew to the point where Matt considered not going simply to shut the man up, but then Kylo insisted that Matt go, even if just to enjoy himself. This was suspicious to say the least but Matt decided against saying anything, refusing to act as a parental figure. All the same he checked and was surprised to find Kylo still locked up in his room when the time finally came to go. Crystal's house was in decent enough condition considering it was a student home a bit further from campus. It was a five bedroom two bathroom with a wrap around porch and a considerable yard. And considering most of her neighbors, also students, attended her parties there was little fear of the cops being called because of a noise complaint. It was the perfect party place. Already it seemed as though most of the neighborhood and a good portion of campus was there. Music was blaring inside, the dull thump of the bass permeating the walls. Students clustered around, drinks in hand, well on their way to getting plastered. Matt moved through the groups, nodding in acknowledgement when people he barely knew called out to him. While he saw the appeal of getting wasted, he never really understood the big fuss of parties like this. Really they just seemed like a big clusterfuck of intoxicated bodies. Something that caused more problems than anything else. And yet here he was, unsure what to do with himself. “Matty!” seemingly from nowhere Crystal all but launched herself at Matt. He grinned, reaching around to ruffle her carefully styled hair. “Hey!” she protested, shoving him away playfully. “Just giving you a headstart on the 'drunk' do.” he teased, though it didn’t seem as though she had had much to drink yet. “You're hilarious as ever.” she scoffed, grabbing his hand to lead him to the kitchen. One of her roommates was busy mixing drinks, completely unruffled by the large crowd gathered around the counter. They made small talk as she mixed up a couple of drinks for the two of them before shooing them off, already moving on to the next person. Crystal moved through the house with Matt in tow, stopping here and there to talk to people she knew. Matt let himself relax as the conversation flowed, taking sips of his drink. It was fruity, but strong. He should have eaten before heading out as he was already starting to feel a pleasant buzz. The more people they talked to the more restless Matt grew. He had slid an arm around Crystal’s waist at some point, drawing her closer to him and she leaned heavily against him. The sweet smell of her perfume was obvious despite the press of people and he found himself wanting to bury his nose into her neck. She must have caught on because finally she excused them and took his hand, leading them through the crowd towards the stairs. “Man, the Solo's are here. Good luck getting laid tonight.” “Shit, seriously?” “All three.” “What’s even so great about them?” “Kylo’s here! I’m going to talk to him.” "I thought he was taken?” “And gay. I don't think his boyfriend is here though.” “He hasn’t met me so…” there are giggles and warning looks shared. “You’d have better luck with Ben. Ben acts like a puppy dog but is a total beast in bed!” There are more giggles and hurried shushing as Matt passed the group by, “What about him?” Matt did his best to ignore most of the chatter around him, but knowing that Kylo was here had already killed his afterglow. He already knew that Ben was there and a small part of him hoped he could avoid him. A hand on his shoulder dashed that hope. “Matt! Long time no see, how've you been?” Ben smiled warmly, pulling Matt into a one armed hug, a red Solo cup in his other hand. His breath stunk of alcohol yet he was steady on his feet. “Hey, yeah I've been really busy lately with work and class.” Matt gave him a half-hearted smile, returning the hug. Pulling back he shifted on his feet, looking around for an excuse to get away. “I can sympathize though mom and dad wouldn't mind hearing from you.” “Noted.” Ben’s smile slipped momentarily at Matt’s disinterest, but returned before Matt could be sure he saw it. “Seriously though we should hang out sometime. You have a girlfriend? Boyfriend?” he added with a cheeky smile when Matt shook his head and laughed, “Me neither. I think Kyle is the only one ready to settle down.” “I don't know if I'd call it settling down.” resigning himself to the conversation, Matt shoved his hands into his pockets. “He’s still with that Hux guy, right?” “Almost every night. “I don’t think I want the details…” Ben shook his head good naturedly. “You really don’t.” “Is his time finally up?” the million dollar question. One Matt really did not want to answer. Briefly he considered lying, but it wouldn’t do any good. “Nope, he's breaking parole right now. Do you know where he is?” he crossed his arms, looking around the crowd again. “Still playing babysitter? Come on, man, cut him loose. He's only going to drag you down into his shit.” Ben looked up at Matt with what could only be sympathy and he looked down at the man sharply, his lips pulling down in an irritated scowl. “Mom or dad's words?” he asked, his words coming off more cruelly than he had intended. Ben pulled back as though he had been physically slapped. “I'm just saying, dude. There’s a reason they stopped trying. Maybe you should too.” “Thanks for the advice, but I’m not going to give up on him.” Ben's attention was pulled away before he can say anything more as a man and woman slid their arms around his waist, the woman kissing his neck. Matt didn't bother to excuse himself before moving through the crowd again. Kylo could be more than difficult at the best of times, but he sure as hell wasn’t going give up just up because of it. He's stopped more than once by old acquaintances and too drunk women looking for someone to warm their bed. Uninterested Matt excuses himself from them all and before long he finds Kylo. It's really not that hard considering the man is in the center of a growing ring, standing toe to toe with another, shorter but equally drunk man. Matt steps in quickly, shoving his way through the crowd to slide an arm between the two as he pushes Kylo back. “Fuck off, Matt!” Kylo spits angrily, trying to shove his way past Matt. “No, you fucking moron! We are not doing this again.” spinning around to face Kylo, Matt moves to stand toe to toe with him. He was sick of having to be the one to always have to keep Kylo in line. Tired of bailing him out. Of covering his ass. Kylo took a swing and his fist hit it's mark. Matt felt his nose crunch even as he stumbles back. Head swimming he was vaguely aware of the goading and concerned yells. Blinking he sat up to see Kylo grappling with Ben and curses, rolling back to his feet and grabbing Kylo by his shoulders. “Kylo, stop!” throwing the man to the ground with an arm against his throat Matt pushes down with all his weight until Kylo stops struggling, his eyes glazing over as Matt lets off “Do you want to go back to jail?” Kylo simply looks at Matt dumbly before shoving him off. Standing up he sways drunkenly before Matt catches his arm, steadying him before letting him go again. Kylo doesn’t look at him, doesn’t look at the crowd of people around them nor at the man he had nearly beaten. His fists clenched at his side even as he started to follow Matt away. “Come on, let's go.” Kylo doesn't argue and Ben only gives him a pointed look, both of which Matt is grateful for. He didn’t think he had the patience for anymore bullshit and quite frankly just wanted to go home and sleep. The man that Kylo had been trying to fight just moments before shouted something and Kylo stopped and made to turn around but Matt pushed him forward roughly as the crowd parted around them, closing them off from the man as they moved back to Matt’s car. “Matt-” Crystal stopped upon seeing Kylo, but her eyes widened when she saw Matt’s broken nose. Matt simply glared at her wordlessly as he ushered Kylo into his car and shook his head before getting in himself. He’d have hell to pay later with her, but that was something he was willing to deal with later rather than risking his own temper right now. When they returned home Matt lead Kylo back to his room and managed to get his ankle tracker back on without setting it off again. Finally leaving Kylo to his own devices he went to the bathroom to clean up and reset his nose. “It’s going to heal wrong.” Hux’s voice startled Matt and he cursed loudly as pain shot through his nose. Eyes watering he turned to glare at the man leaning against the bathroom doorframe. “Can I help you with something?” I was considering offering my help as you seem adamant against going to a hospital.” Hux looked at Matt, clearly unimpressed by his irritation. Matt expected no less considering who he was dating. “What about Kylo?” he asked, uncertain as to why Hux was offering to help. He didn’t bother to think about it too hard as the painkillers were already kicking in. “He is sufficiently drunk and close to unconsciousness. Now would you like my assistance?” Matt mulled over the offer for a moment before sullenly agreeing. Hux at least was correct in his assumption that Matt didn’t want to go to the hospital to have his nose reset. Even with insurance he couldn’t afford the copay that would come with it. Grabbing the peroxide and some cotton balls he followed Hux into the kitchen and sat himself on the only chair left. Hux worked with cool efficiency and not for the first time Matt wondered what Hux actually did for work, but couldn’t really be bothered to ask. Instead he sat through Hux’s administrations as quietly as he could. It hurt like a bitch, but Hux was able to work with the sadly limited first aid kit they own. “Why do you continue to put up with Kylo?” Hux asked as he moved to wash the blood off his hands. He turned slowly to regard Matt as he touched his nose gingerly. The question caught him off guard and it took him several moments to find the right words. “He’s family and other than you...I’m all he’s got left.” even to his own ears the words fell flat as though it were an excuse. An unsatisfactory one at that. “Because he has me it would be easier for you to move on. I can’t imagine your conscience would be terribly burdened. After all, this is not the first time he has become physically violent towards you.” Hux’s words sting and Matt glared at the man. He felt guilty for having actually considered leaving Kylo for Hux to deal with. It would’ve been so easy but every time Matt thought about going through with it he found he couldn’t. Every time telling himself the same thing he just told Hux. “He’s my brother and I can see the improvement he’s making. Don’t think you can push me away.” the force of his own words surprised him as much as it seemed to surprise Hux. Matt took some self-indulgent comfort in Hux’s brief slip in composure. “That is not…” he frowned and was silent for a moment, contemplating his own words, “I am glad that Kylo has you.” Matt blinked in surprise, unsure how to take the admission. He wondered if Hux is feeling alright then began to question whether he took too much vicodin. His face felt numb and he was exhausted. “Thanks…” he muttered, beginning to clean up the mess. Hux simply nodded as he left Matt to check up on Kylo once more. When Matt finally made his way back to his room Hux was gone. Sleep came quickly and was mercifully deep. Notes: Psst! Check out our tumblr ClanRadar. It's still a work in progress but we'll be posting updates and sneak peaks there!