Departure The Supreme Leader always considered his words with seemingly impossible foresight. “Leave the base at once and come to me with Kylo Ren,” he had said. Hux had done just that: he’d left immediately and soon after calling and search and rescue for him, his own ship found Ren, torn up near fatally on the edge of a gully. Leader Snoke, Hux saw, had been able to see exactly how things would proceed after the Starkiller had been destroyed. But not before, he reminded himself grimly. Now well clear of any danger, venturing further into the Unknown Regions, he set the ship to follow the coordinates unaided. He entered the passenger compartment, asked one of the three Stormtroopers tending to Ren about his condition, then considered the situation. Ren’s body reminded him of the many consoles and walls ripped into a mess of scars by Ren’s rage. He could smell the burn marks around the scars and knew it was the work of a lightsaber. Black and red, he thought as he looked at the burn scars, the colours of the First Order. Ren had never looked as much a part of the Order as he did now. An officer’s shuttle, the passenger compartment was well lit, designed with the standard black and red. The metal pillars between the seats caught his eye, reflecting a distorted image of himself. Phasma. Damn. He needed to make a broadcast to his convoy anyway. This was just one more reason to take action now. He strode onto the deck and sat back down in the pilot’s seat, adjusting the signal to ensure it was on the most widespread First Order signal before opening up the comms. He composed himself, aware that whoever heard this would be all that remained of Starkiller Base and that it wouldn’t do for morale or his reputation for him to sound unsure of his control. “All ships, this is General Hux. Do not respond yet, only listen. You must firstly report the model and class of the craft you are currently operating and its designation. You are then to report, once you receive the command from my ship to do so, the number of crew you have on board and the names of every officer on board.” He called for one of the Stormtroopers to take over. The inventory of ships and important officers took the ship’s already overloaded system over half a standard day to compile, with ships of all kinds from TIEs to Light Freighters reporting in. Eventually, the data was ordered and inputted into his datapad and he moved back into the passenger compartment once again, seating himself alongside Ren and the two exhausted Stormtroopers. He opened the data sheet to see for himself the true extent of their loss. Of the 1,700 craft reported to be on planet before the Resistance attack, 657 were accounted for in his current convoy, the others destroyed or elsewhere – unaccounted for, ultimately. There was no report of Captain Phasma in the convoy, and not one of the Order’s political prisoners. A hoarse drag of air from Ren pulled Hux out of his worries. He struggled, wincing and growling, to move and open his eyes. Hux leaned closer and saw that his left eye was just about open; the large scar down the right of his face kept the other closed. As neither Stormtrooper made moves to assist Ren – a wise judgement – he dismissed them to the cockpit to attend to the flight. “Leader Snoke will be pleased,” Hux observed. “If you’re that ignorant, you can explain the base to him.” Hux was glad he couldn’t see his smile wither then. “I presume it was destroyed.” “The entire planet, yes.” A shadow of a smile appeared. “And I presume the girl escaped.” Ren moved his head so he faced up at Hux. He moved his hand slowly to rest on Hux’s, clenched in front of him. “I killed my father.” It was emotionless, but sickening too, strangely. “I know.” He put his hands around Ren’s and lay down beside him. His cap was battered, lying wherever he had thrown it, and his clothes were stained with soil and sweat. He was broken. Just like Ren. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Post-TFA Villains series