The first meeting Breathe , Kylo thought. Just breathe. Calm down. Do not disappoint your master. Kylo sat on the floor in his private room located on the shuttle. He was deep in meditation and was trying, but failing, to calm his raging feelings. He was on his way to the Finalizer , on the command of his master, to share the command of the ship with a certain General Hux. The mere thought of having to share the power with some uptight First Order officer made him unreasonably angry. This doesn't make his attitude against the general any better. If it hadn't been for his masters direct order Kylo just might had killed the general upon first meeting him. As it were he would be forced to comply and play nice or, well, nicer . In his deep state of meditation the Force flooded slowly through his mind and body. The Force made him able to feel the presence of all the other living things on the shuttle. They were little lights against the darkness of space and he could hear all their pathetic thoughts and feel all their pathetic feelings. It disgusted him. Especially after only being in the presence of his master and the other Knights of Ren for weeks on end. The Force also made it clear to him that the ship still was in hyper drive, but judging by the thoughts of the pilot they were closing in on their goal. Kylo took another deep breath and forced himself into a fragile calmness that threatened to break any moment. But for now it held. A moment later the shuttle made its jump from hyperdrive and the Finalizer came into sight. At the same moment a Presence in the Force appeared. A Presence as bright, big and all consuming as the roaring fires of a sun. The Presence pressed against Kylo and for one excruciating moment of sheer panic it almost destroyed him then and there. He crouches in fear, ignites his lightsaber and gathers as much of the Force as he can hold. It's a pitiful small amount compared with the Presence. With an effort that made him weak to the core Kylo got his defences up. It merely dampened the Presence but it was enough for him to be able to think again. Fear still flooded his veins and his heart beat with a frantic rate, as if trying to flee from his ribcage. What was that , Kylo thought. The Presence was like nothing he had ever felt before. Not even in the company of his masters, his former and current. In fact, compared to the presence, his masters Force presence was like a candle against the sun. Kylo himself was like a distant star during the day; unnoticeable. And (even though he doesn't want to admit it) even Darth Vader would have trembled with fear before the Presence. Kylo wants nothing else than to turn the ship around and flee back to Snoke with his tail between his legs but forces himself to something resembling calmness. He has to at least examine where the power is coming from before fleeing. Unaware of the huge threat that they may or may not be under the crew flies the ship towards the hangar of the Finalizer . The shuttle lands with a slight tremble. Kylo draws a shaky breath, extremely thankful for his mask that covers his frightened face, and rises to his feet. As an afterthought he disables his lightsaber and straightens his back. If he's going towards his doom at least he will do it with pride. With a racing heart Kylo stands and leaves his room. In the main room on the shuttle he stands and waits for the ramp to lower. With a muffled thud it stops against the hangar floor and slowly Kylo walks down it. The first thing he sees is the large assembly of Stormtroopers and officers standing at attention to greet him with the pomp his rank demands. The other thing he sees is the man right across from him. The man couldn't be anyone else than General Hux. The moment he lays his eyes at the general the Power rises to a crescendo. On the defensive Kylo approaches him. General Hux wears a black First Order uniform with the general insignia on the sleeves. His hair is as red as Kylo's lightsaber. He is only a few inches shorter than Kylo but stands with such confidence that he almost seemed a thousand feet tall. Not even his master managed to look as imposing and confident. The general had a stern, handsome and pale face sprinkled with light freckles. Then he meets the general's eyes. However instead of a pair of eyes Kylo's gaze meets a devouring fire that threatens to burn him to nothing. Then the general blinks and instead of the fire Kylo meets a pair of ice cold, blue eyes. Simultaneous the powerful burning Presence in the Force disappears without a trace. If anything the sudden disappearance of it made Kylo even more frightened. "Welcome to the Finalizer , Lord Ren", General Hux said with a voice as hard and cold as his unforgiving eyes that make shivers travel Kylo's spine. Kylo opens his mouth and tries to speak but not a sound comes out of it. Hux's expression changes into one of contempt. "I'm General Hux", he continued, stating the obvious, "the commander of the Finalizer ." "The co-commander of the Finalizer ", came flying out Kylo's mouth before he was able to stop himself. As Hux's eyes grew even colder and harder than before he cursed himself for his carelessness. Even though he minutes before had felt nothing but disdain for the general the powerful Presence in the force had made him more careful. It was not a good idea to be on the general's bad side as long as it could come back. "Yes", general Hux said with a voice so hateful that the officers closest to him backed away in fear. "The co-commander of the Finalizer ." He turned abruptly to the officer nearest him, a nervous looking man that jumped when Hux's gaze fell upon him. "Lieutenant Mitaka", he barked. Mitaka paled. "Yes General Hux", he said with a quivering voice. "Please show Lord Ren to his quarters so that he can get settled", Hux commands with a voice nobody, not even Kylo, dared to question. "Yes General Hux!" Mitaka said and saluted. He hastened towards Kylo and saluted once more. "If you come with me Lord Ren I will show you to your quarters." Under the security of the mask Kylo rolled his eyes at the lieutenant. "Lead the way", he said and was thankful that the voice modulator made his voice sound dark, dangerous and confident. Mitaka saluted again and turned on his heal leading the way out of the hangar. Kylo could feel the general's cold eyes follow him until they turned a corner and disappeared out of sight. Kylo released a breath he hadn't known he was holding. Then he tried to gloss over his fear for silliness. The Presence in the Force was gone. There was no reason for him to be scared any longer. Or at least that was what he tried to tell himself. Chapter 2 : A burn mark on metal Summary: Kylo are beginning to learn Hux's secrets. But Hux will not let it be that easy for him. Notes: Here it is, the second chapter. Hope you enjoy it. I'm thinking about making this a series instead of one long work. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo spent his first week onboard the Finalizer looked into his quarters. He hadn't dared to leave them in fear of alerting the Presence. During the week Kylo had meditated in hope of receiving a vision or an understanding through the Force about the Presence. So far noting. The Presence had disappeared without a trace. It was almost as if it had never existed in the first place. And that was impossible. Something as huge and bright as the Presence should leave a track that even the slightest of force-sensitive creatures would be able to follow. Yet when Kylo meditated and reached out with the Force there was nothing to be found. The complete disappearance of the Presence was even more unsettling than the Presence itself. It implied that the most powerful Force-presence Kylo had ever encountered could be able to hide in plain sight, which was why he hadn't left his quarters. That hadn't stopped people from trying to make him leave his quarters. The first night had he received an invitation to eat dinner with General Hux, an invitation he had politely declined. Even though it had been a smart move to get on the general's good side Kylo had not been able to convince himself to go. Especially not since he would have been forced to take of his helmet to eat. And to show the General his frightened face would not have been the best beginning of their co-commandership. He decided that it was better to be seen as impolite then to be seen as scared. He still had to eat of course; he was not able to live of the Force itself yet. Kylo solved this by sending his personal droid after food. However every time the droid returned it also brought a message from General Hux or another high officer. The messages started out polite but as the week went by they started to turn passive-aggressive. General Hux's messages were on the border to hostile. —————— On the seventh day onboard the Finalizer Kylo decided that the threat was over. Kylo dressed in his black robes and attached his helmet. Then, with a deep breath, he stepped outside his quarters. The stormtroopers that had been standing down the hallway from Kylo's quarters all came to attention at the sight of him. Kylo could feel confusion and a little bit of fear radiate from them. That was good. Kylo could work with fear. When Kylo approached one of the stormtroopers he could feel their fear peaking. "Where can I find General Hux?" He asked the 'trooper and his voice modulator made the words sound more intimidating. "On the bridge, Lord Ren", the 'trooper answered immediately. Kylo had no idea where the bridge was, not that he would admit that to this 'trooper. "Well, what are you waiting for? Lead the way", he barked and the stormtrooper jumped. "Yes, Lord Ren", they began walking down the corridor and Kylo followed them. It took longer than expected to walk to the bridge. But on the other hand the Finalizer was nearly 10,000 feet long. By that perspective the 5 minute walk was nothing. When Kylo stepped out onto the bridge it fell completely silent except for the sounds of the control panels. As well as the perching sound of General Hux's voice when he lectured a lower officer. It didn't even seem like the general had noticed Kylo, or maybe he purposely ignored him. Either way Kylo made his way towards the General. Not even when Kylo came to a stop only a couple of feet from the General did he acknowledge Kylo's presence. It made Kylo feel like he was seven years old again and on one of his mother's political meetings. "General Hux", Kylo said to get the other man's attention. The General continued to ignore him as he lectured the officer, whom had turned almost comically pale. "General Hux", Kylo repeated, louder. The General went quiet and Kylo could feel the fear on the bridge pike. General Hux slowly turned to face Kylo and his eyes burned red for a moment. Kylo took a step back in fear. Then the General blinked and the eyes were once again ice blue. Kylo wasn't sure if he had imagined it all or if it had actually happened. "Lord Ren", General Hux said with his controlled, cold voice. "What a pleasure to meet you again. I had almost started to believe that you would spend your entire visit on the Finalizer looked in your quarters." Kylo blushed furiously under his helmet. How dared he , he thought. He could feel his fingers twitch with the want to ram the General through with his lightsaber. With effort he controlled himself. His Master would be disappointed in him if he killed the General without a good enough motive. "General Hux, I thought it would be a good idea to discuss the details of our shared commandership in private." General Hux's ice blue eyes narrowed. It occurred to Kylo that General Hux hated this co-commanders thing as much – if not more – as he did. He could use that. "If you wouldn't rather discuss it here, I don't mind." "We will discuss it in my office", General Hux said sharply and Kylo smiled to himself. He definitely hated it. "After you then", he said and gestured for the General to lead the way. General Hux huffed but walked out of the bridge with his spine as straight as ever. He led Kylo down the corridor for about a minute before he came to a stop before a door identical to the ones they had passed. With a few presses from his leather clad fingers on a screen beside the door it opened. The office was spacious but bare. The only furniture consisted of a desk and two chairs, one behind the desk and the other in front of it. There was nothing to give a glimpse into the personal life of the General. "Please take a seat", General Hux said and gestured towards the chair in front of the desk. He sat down at the other chair and Kylo carefully lowered himself onto the one he had been appointed to. "Now that we are alone maybe you could be so kind as to fill me in on the point of your visit", General Hux said. The words kind and visit was pronounced with extra sharpness as if they cut him in the throat coming out. "The Supreme Leader wants to make sure his orders are followed accurately. As the Master of the Knights of Ren and his most trusted disciple I have been sent here to make sure of that. I'm also here to control that no treacherous actions are taken or thoughts are thought. As a powerful Force-user I will be able to find potential traitors before they can do any harm" For every word Kylo uttered Hux's eyes darkened. Then, when he went quiet, they went ablaze. Hux stood so sudden that the chair he had sat on fell to the floor. At the same time he banged his fist onto the table with a loud thud that made Kylo jump. "That's it?!" Hux yelled. "Snoke sent you here to read a few minds and control that no one thinks treacherous thoughts?!" The room crackled with tension and something else. Something that could only be described as the crackling of fire. Kylo could almost hear it. He could almost smell the smoke and taste the ash. He could almost see the light that radiated from it and feel the warmth of the fire on his skin. Fear, black and choking, overtook him as he stared into the burning eyes of the General. Then a different feeling could be felt in the room. The feeling of the Force. With the Force present Kylo found the strength to speak up and interrupt the General's rampage. "Do you dare question the Supreme Leader?" He asked and the voice modulator made him sound menacing. The change was sudden and almost more terrifying than everything else. Hux blinked and suddenly his eyes were back to their normal ice blue colour as if they had never changed. The feeling of the fire was gone as well. Hux slowly raised the chair to its legs and sat down again. "No I do not", he said calmly. "Was there anything more you wanted to discuss?" "I'm also to get assistance from you to any mission that I'll undertake, without question", Kylo said carefully. He didn't want to admit it but he was afraid of the unpredictable changes in the General and the power that had radiated from him. "Alright", Hux said meekly. "If that's all please go." Kylo gave him a once over. It was almost impossible to imagine the man with the burning eyes that he had been only moments before. It weren't until his gaze fell upon the table that he was sure it had happened at all. Because on the metal table was a burn mark in the shape of a human fist. Kylo got up from the chair and left without another word. He had just realised that the General was far more dangerous than he had ever thought befo Notes: If anyone would like to you can come visit me on my tumblr: evilspaceboyfriends-trash Chapter 3 : We're all mad here Summary: Kylo decides to read the minds of the bridge's crew only to find something terrifying. Notes: Okay I'm not entirely sure what happened, this chapter sort of wrote itself. This was not what I had planned would happen in this chapter, though I'm still happy with it. Hope you enjoy it! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo stood at the entrance of the bridge. He hesitated but stepped in anyway. Immediately everyone's eyes were on him, but he only cared about one pair of eyes. They were not turned in his direction which made him relax a bit. The General stood and gazed out of the viewport of the Finalizer , down at Starkiller base. Kylo had the perfect motive to be on the bridge if the General asked. He would say that he was there to make sure the bridge's crew was loyal to the cause and that no traitors lured in their midst. Something that wasn't entirely untrue, it just wasn't the whole truth. Kylo would read the minds of the crew but if he found any traitors among them it would only be a plus. The real reason he was there was quite different. He had debated with himself whatever this was the best option or not and in the end he had to relent to the idea. If Kylo were to find out more about the General the bridge was the best place to start. The General spent most of his days here, which meant Kylo would be able to get a close look on the man. At the same time the crew on the bridge would know more about the General than any other crew on the Finalizer , all because of said closeness to the man. So in the end here he stood, trying to persuade himself into starting with his self proclaimed mission, but not entirely daring to. Not with the memory of General Hux's burning eyes still fresh in his mind. Get a hold of yourself , Kylo thought. Are you the Master of the Knights of Ren or not? He breathed deeply before he turned his attention to the nearest officer. A young man stationed at one of the consoles. After another deep breath he dived into the man's mind. The first thing that surfaced was a name, Thanisson. Petty officer Thanisson. Then Kylo began searching his mind for memories of General Hux's burning eyes. What he found baffled and frightened him. There was dozens of memories of the General's burning eyes. But that was not what baffled or frightened Kylo. It was the fact that Thanisson was sure that he had imagined them all. He was so sure of it that he had deemed it stupid to talk about and therefore he had never shared his memories with another person. Kylo immediately withdrew from Thanisson's mind and jumped into another officer's mind only to find the same thing there. And he found it over and over again. Every single officer whose mind he read had seen the burning eyes of the General dozens of times. But every single one of them had thought that it had been nothing but a product of their imagination. It wasn't until he came to Lieutenant Mitaka's mind that he noticed something that was even more terrifying. It was the fact that it was not natural. When he studied Mitaka's memories Kylo discovered that they had been altered with. Someone or something had made Mitaka think that his memories were false. It made Kylo's blood run cold. Not the fact that something had altered the officer's memories, which was something he could do, but the fact that every single person on the bridge had gotten their memories altered. Not even the Supreme Leader could do that. And even more alarming was the fact that he himself had gotten his memories altered. He could vividly remember the three times he had seen the General's burning eyes. However even after knowing the truth his mind still tried to make him think that it had made it all up. Only something extremely powerful in the Force would be able to do so. The Presence , immediately popped up in Kylo's mind, but that thought was to frightening to think of. Instead Kylo dived back into Mitaka's mind in search of more memories that could have been altered. He was a little worried that the Lieutenant would notice until he discovered another frightening thing. Kylo discovered that Mitaka's mind was used to being penetrated. Not only that, but that the natural defences that would have been activated at the feeling of one's mind being attacked had been destroyed. As if something had entered the officer's mind and shattered all resistance. At the same time as it had made it impossible for the person to notice its presence. Kylo immediately withdrew from Mitaka's mind to make sure something like that hadn't happened to his own mind. It was little relief to find nothing out of the ordinary. That was because everything pointed to the fact that if Kylo's mind had been altered with he would not be able to notice it himself. Only an outsider would be able to do that. It was first now that Kylo became aware of the shaking of his body and the pounding of his heart. Sweat ran down his back and the air inside the helmet seemed suffocating. He had to get out of here. Without another thought Kylo fled from the bridge, leaving a baffled crew behind. While he fled the room Kylo could feel the burning gaze of General Hux on his back. And even as he felt it on him his mind tried to make him believe that he only imagined it. That it wasn't real. Something that only made the panic he felt intensify. Kylo ran through the corridors of the Finalizer until he came to his own quarters. There he tore his helmet from his head and stood still, breathing heavily while his body shook. After a couple of minutes he had calmed down enough to be able to think again. I need to tell Snoke, went through Kylo's mind. Right away a feeling of foolishness flooded through him. With it every single one of his independent thoughts disappeared. Kylo didn't need to tell Snoke because nothing had happened. He had only overreacted. There was nothing to be frightened of. There was no need to tell the Supreme Leader anything. Suddenly Kylo felt calm, numb even, and he began undressing. A nice, warm shower would help clear his mind. And how the Force had he gotten this sweaty? It was disgusting. Whistling a cheerful melody Kylo got into the shower and began cleaning himself. —————— On the bridge General Armitage Hux smiled to himself. His eyes burned red as if they concealed the very fires of Mustafar. Notes: If anyone would like to you can come visit me on my tumblr: evilspaceboyfriends-trash Chapter 4 : Undercover Summary: Kylo goes undercover as Matt the radar technician to learn more about the General. Notes: Another chapter done and that only three days since the last one, it's almost some kind of record. I've just gotten really inspired to write the last couple of days. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When Kylo woke up the next day he had a horrible headache. It felt like his mind was full of fog, or maybe cotton, making it hard to think. Then some of the memories from the day before made their way through the fog. He immediately became wide awake. His heart began pounding and the fear he had felt yesterday came back with full force. Something had meddled with every single mind on the bridge, making them unable to separate reality from imagination. And something had happened to him. Kylo knew something had happened to his mind yesterday, he just couldn't remember what. And that made him even more frightened. He had to do something, anything, or he would become mad for sure. So he got up from his bed even though his head still hurt as if something was pounding on his skull from the inside. Kylo quickly dressed and left his quarters without eating. His stomach was too upset for food. He let his feat wander at will and didn't care where they took him as long as it wasn't towards the bridge. Though he was a little surprised at where he ended up in the end. Kylo stopped at the entrance to one of the Finalizer's training rooms. Inside stormtroopers and officers alike performed all kinds of different exercises. After a moment of hesitance he stepped inside. He ignored everyone that stared at him and instead made his way towards one of the corners of the room. There he stood and let himself relax before bringing his lightsaber to his hand and igniting it. Immediately the fear in the room peaked, which made him feel a bit better about himself. He then began executing his forms, flowing with grace and power over the floor, lightsaber crackling in his hand. He spun and brought his lightsaber down on an imaginary enemy, splitting said made-up enemy in half. He continued swirling, parrying and attacking until his breathing became heavy, his heart speed up and sweat trickled down his body. Unlike how he had felt yesterday this felt good, felt right. This was the exhaustion of bodily exercise, not the fatigue of fearing for one's life and sanity without being able to do anything about it. When Kylo let his lightsaber come to a stop his mind felt clearer and sharper. He was once again able to think. His memories from yesterday were still a bit fogged. Especially from the moment he entered his quarters, which he could barely remember at all. However now he could think about what he might be able to do to solve the situation he had all of a sudden found himself in. First thing first he needed more information. He needed to know exactly how widespread the mind control were, if it was limited to the bridge's crew or if it was much more severe than that. And he needed to investigate this as far away from the General as he could come on the ship and without awakening suspicion. Bit by bit a plan formed in his mind Kylo extinguished his lightsaber and made his way out of the trainings room. He went straight to his room where he undressed before going into the shower. That made a foggy memory from the day before rise to his conscious mind. He had showered yesterday. And he had wanted to ... to tell someone ... something. The more he thought about yesterday the more his head hurt and eventually the pain made him give up. The memories would come to him sooner or later, of this he was sure. He could only hope that it would be sooner rather than later. —————— The mess hall bristled with the sound of people eating and talking. Sometimes laughter or giggles would erupt from one of the tables. All in all there was a happy, light atmosphere in the room. Kylo hated it. He sat on one of the benches and tried to focus on the plate of food before him, but not entirely being able to do so. His greyish-green and neon-orange radar technician uniform itched. The blond wig made his head uncomfortable hot and the glasses pinched the bridge of his nose. That was not the worst thing though. The worst thing was that his face was unbearable bare and vulnerable. Anyone who wanted could look upon his face. The fact that nobody knew who he really was brought him little comfort. However this was the best plan he had come up with. As Matt the radar technician he could learn more about the General without awakening suspicion. Hopefully without alerting said General of his activities. Beside him sat a lower officer and in front of him a stormtrooper. They talked quietly with each other and let Kylo eat in peace, which was why he sat beside them in the first place. He glanced around the room and took a deep breath. It was time to begin. Kylo concentrated on the stormtrooper in front of him and carefully slipped into his mind. He didn't care about the numbers that revealed his identity or about any puny thoughts that crossed the man's mind. What he searched for lay deeper, in the man's memories. And as he had feared he found what he was searching for. It was not as pronounced as in the crew's minds but it was there. The mind had the same openness to it, the same inability to fight against Kylo's intrusion, and it had altered memories, though not as many. Only one or two memories. Both of them were of the General's burning eyes. He left the stormtroopers mind and slid into the officer's mind instead. Kylo found more altered memories there. Of the memories were of the burning eyes but there were some of other suspicious memories as well. And ... and something more. Kylo concentrated and suddenly a new, frightening realisation came to him. The officer respected and feared the General for natural reasons. General Hux was a man deserving of respect and fear. What wasn't natural was the almost blind devotion the man felt towards the General. A devotion that made the man accept every single command General Hux uttered and didn't utter. The devotion felt as forced as the openness the man's mind had. At least the stormtrooper didn't have the same ... Kylo's mouth became dry when realisation hit him. He immediately dived back into the 'trooper's mind. How could he have been so stupid!? Of all the individuals on the Finalizer the stormtroopers would be the ones easiest influenced by another mind. And when he searched deeper into the 'trooper's mind he found it. The 'trooper had been programmed from birth to be loyal not to the First Order but to General Hux. Kylo withdrew from the stormtroopers' mind. He needed to think. Without a second thought he rose from his seat on the bench and hurried out of the room. He dived into the first empty room he could find, which happened to be a storage closet. The feelings that tumbled inside him needed to have their outlet. Without thinking Kylo opened one of the vest pockets and from it he pulled out his lightsaber. When it came to life it bathed the storage closet in a deep red colour that made it seem like the walls was bleeding. He began swinging it around himself without any of the grace he had when he practised. This was just mindless destruction. Sparks flew around him and the lightsaber hummed in his hand. He didn't care though; he only cared about letting the feelings out. A couple of minutes later he had calmed down enough to stop. He extinguished his lightsaber and put it back in its pocket. Then he sat down on the only surface in the room he hadn't destroyed; an upside-down bucket. His mind felt a bit clearer now. Kylo thought about everything he knew about the General. About his upbringing on the planet Arkanis. About his time in the Academy, that he had left it top of his class. He remembered reading that he was the son of one Commandant Hux. And that Commandant Hux had been the one that came up with the stormtrooper program, which his son, General Hux, had later developed. Developed , Kylo thought. Or changed to match his personal agenda. Dread gathered in his stomach. It was possible that every single stormtrooper in the First Order had been conditioned into being completely loyal to the General. Kylo closed his eyes and concentrated on the Force, feeling it flow through him, strengthening him and giving him a semblance of stability. He reached out with his mind towards the dining room. There he dove into 'trooper's after 'trooper's mind. In every single one of them he found the same blind devotion towards the General. Kylo opened his eyes. He was not scared; he was beyond fear at his point. He had just realised that at a word from the General every single person on the Finalizer could and would turn against him. Kylo might be a powerful Force-user but not even he would be able to fight his way through thousands of people willing to do whatever needed to stop him. And if you added the Thing that could enter minds without struggle he was chanceless. All of a sudden he was sprinting toward the hangar. He ran into people and even into the walls but that didn't slow him down in the slightest. The most primal part of his brain had taken control of his body and it told him to fight or flight. With the fight option out of the question his body did the only thing it could do; it fled. And on a spaceship the only way out was through a hangar. Kylo ran and ran. For every step he took the hangar came closer. He turned a corner and there it was. The hangar. And at the other end of it was his shuttle. He scrambled his remaining strength and made a run for it. But he never made it. Suddenly he bumped into something, something immobile. Kylo fell headlong to the floor and the impact sent pain through his body. Dazzled from the crash he looked up. Into the burning eyes of General Hux. He couldn't breath. He couldn't feel his lungs or his heart or any other part of his body. Everything was rapidly turning black. Everything except for the burning eyes of the General that stared down at him, that made his body burn and his mind melt. Notes: The next chapter is almost completely done. At first it was meant to be part of this chapter but I decided to split it. So instead of one extremely long chapter there will be a long chapter and a shorter chapter. The next chapter will be partly from Hux's POV, so you have that to look forward to. Though it will be somewhat less angsty than this chapter, I felt too sorry for Kylo and wanted to make it a little bit better for him. As always you can find me at my Tumblr: evilspaceboyfriends-trash Chapter 5 : Heart of Fire Summary: Hux is on a inspection of his ship when someone runs into him. What nobody knows is that this collision is the beginning of something bigger. This chapter begins shortly before the last one ended. Notes: Here is the promised chapter from Hux's POV. It was super hard to write because I didn't want to reveal too much at the same time as I wanted to show off Hux's powers a little bit more. It was also super hard to get the right feeling in this chapter. The other ones had this undertone of fear that I wanted to continue, but Hux doesn't fear anything so I had to play with other people's feelings instead. So I wrote it and rewrote it lots of times. Anyway, hope you enjoy it. Un-betad. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux walked down one of the corridors of his ship. His back was as straight as ever, his hands were clasped behind it and he walked with the confidence of an Emperor walking through his citadel. Every inch he saw made him beam with pride. The Finalizer was his ship, his most cherished possessions. He would be damned if it was anything other than perfect. And more importantly; anything other than his. He had hated Ren from the moment he stepped onboard. From the moment he learned that they were supposed to share the command of the Finalizer . Hux had worked his entire life to earn the title General and the right to command the Finalizer, one of the greatest ships of the First Order. Ren on the other hand had gotten the position handed to him. That creature wouldn't ruin this for him. Merely thinking about Ren made his inside burn . The fire threatened to wrench itself from his control and he hurried to throttle it before it could do so. Though he was a bit concerned about where the knight had disappeared too. No one had seen him in days. In fact no one had seen him since he had stormed out of the bridge a couple of days prior. Hux was a bit worried that he was of destroying some part of his ship and that word of it just hadn't reached him yet. If it was true then he maybe wouldn't be able to stop the fire inside from breaking free. With a bit of effort Hux chased Ren from his thoughts. He had better things to think about than that nuisance. Such as the inspection. Hux was on one of his weekly inspections of the ship. Each week he visited a predetermined area of it to make sure everything was going smoothly. Sometimes he would also make surprise inspections to control that everything was in order even when he wasn't expected. This week it was time to inspect hangar C-2 and surrounding rooms such as stormtrooper barracks, common areas and meeting rooms. Chief Petty Officer Unamo walked beside him with a datapad in hand, ready to write down Hux's comments. When the inspection was over she would be the one to deliver Hux's annotations to the officer responsible of the area. Said officer was now forced to sit in their office while they waited for Hux to finish. All in all Hux was pleased with what he had seen. The stormtroopers were in shape and as obedient as ever and the rooms he had visited were spotless. It was only the hangar left to inspect. Hux strode into the hangar with absolute confidence. Everyone present immediately stopped whatever they had been doing and saluted him. He nodded in approval and everyone went back to work. They knew that Hux hated idleness. Almost as much as he hated Kylo Ren. Stop thinking about him, Hux reprimanded himself and quenched the fire that had begun to stir again inside of him. Hux walked slowly around the room, sometimes coming to a halt to scrutinise something in more detail. He especially made sure to take a closer look on the TIE-fighters. They were after all a crucial part of the Finalizer's defence. Although there was one ship that wasn't a TIE-fighter that still drew his attention. And that was the one Kylo Ren had arrived in. He had not gotten the chance to take a closer look on it before, but now he had the opportunity to do so. Hux made his way toward the shuttle. However before he could reach it something made impact with his back. He almost tumbled over from the forceful collision and it was only by strength of will he managed to stay upright. The fire inside of him that had been burning idly during the inspection woke with a roar. It came to life so sudden and was so intense that he couldn't suppress it. Instead he could feel it rising to his eyes, turning them into two pits of roaring fire. His whole body burned as during a fever. With his eyes still aflame Hux turned to see what unfortunate soul had crashed into him. What he saw baffled him. A man, maybe a couple of years younger than Hux, lay on the floor before him. The man stared up at Hux with frightened, dark brown eyes. When Hux's burning eyes met his he could feel panic and pain radiate from him. Then the big, dark brown eyes rolled backwards into the man's head. He had fainted. The anger that burned within Hux immediately died out. Confusion and curiosity took its place. The fire in his eyes extinguished itself. The man before him was dressed in a radar technician's grey-green uniform and neon-orange vest. He had curly, blond hair and a pair of big, dorky looking glasses. He had a big nose and big ears, though those were offset with his plush lips and big eyes. All added together he was rather attractive. The man had a vulnerable and youthful face that didn't entirely match with the muscular body that hid beneath the uniform. In its unconscious state the man's face had a peaceful expression, though his brow was a bit furrowed. Hux didn't recognise the face and that was impossible. Hux knew every face on the Finalizer. He always made sure to learn the face and name of every new arrival. No matter how low in rank or how seemingly unimportant they were. It was a principle of his. In fact it was only one face upon the Finalizer that he didn't know and that was the face of Kylo Ren... Hux's train of thought came to an abrupt stop before speeding up. Could it be? Without caring about the people staring at him he crouched beside the man. Hux carefully patted down the man in search of ... Yes, there it was. In one of the orange vest pockets he could feel the outline of Kylo Ren's lightsaber. So this was the notorious Master of the Knights of Ren, Hux thought. I thought that the helmet was hiding something deformed and monstrous. Not this . He's much younger than I expected and looks much more like a frightened child than I thought he would. "Sir?" Unamo asked, bringing him back to reality. "The inspection is over", Hux said with a tone that was a bit to sharp. "Of course, General", Unamo immediately replied. She didn't linger in the hangar, she knew better than that. She knew of the anger questioning him brought, and the pain that followed. Subconsciously at least. Instead Unamo hurried out of the hangar as fast as she could without running. Unfortunately to some of the others they didn't know this. Instead they came closer while they whispered among themselves and stared at Hux and Ren. Hux felt irritated at their approach and a little bit protective of the knight. The hate he had felt for the last couple of weeks had disappeared. Then one of the onlookers, a pilot, stepped closer to them. Too close for Hux's liking. And too add to it the man stared at Kylo Ren's exposed face with a bit too much interest. Hux immediately saw red. Mine, passed through Hux's mind, he's mine. The fire came to life inside of him with new ferocity and this time he didn't try to stop it. It came from the place where his heart should have been and it burned white-hot. The fire extended throughout his body. The fire travelled up his throat and into his head and forced its way out through his eyes. Under the many layers of cloth he wore the rest of his body burned feverishly. His fire-red hair fought against the products in it and won. It moved on his head like it too had been made of fire. Even his mind burned. Then something else stirred in his chest. Something restless and powerful. It was the fire and It was not the fire. It threatened to burn him from the inside out and demanded to be let free. It had been too long since he had let It out, It needed to be let out, but he couldn't let It free just yet. To extinguish It was almost impossible but he managed to do it. Immediately the world seemed darker. "What are you staring at?" Hux roared at the people around him with a voice that rang in the room. The air around him shimmered from the heat of his body. He lashed out towards the people standing around him and a wave of fire spread from him. At the same time his mind attacked theirs and spread a burning pain in their minds. "Leave us!" The screams of pain sounded like the sweetest of music and the panic in the air tasted delicious. Every single person in the hangar turned tail and fled. The fire followed them and the slowest ones had a tail of fire in their hair or clothes. Nevertheless they were the lucky ones. Because there was one person that never made it out of the hangar. That person was the pilot that had came too close to them. He stood frozen in the hangar, unable to move. He stood on the floor surrounded by a ring of fire and fought against invisible bonds holding him in place. Hux moved towards him with all the grace and menace of a hunting predator. His eyes were ablaze and when he smiled fire burst out of his open mouth. Hux closed the distance between them in a few long strides. "He's mine", Hux growled and every word was emphasized by a burst of fire. Hux removed one of his gloves and stroked a finger down the pilot's cheek. He winced in pain at the touch. "He's mine and you won't come near him again." "I-I won't", the man stammered. "I know you won't", Hux hissed and smiled predatory. The finger against the man's cheek began to burn and he screamed in pain. The fire spread over the man's face and burned it to a crisp in a moment. However the man did not die, not yet. Hux did not let him die. First he would feel every single cell of his body burn to ash. Then he could die. The man continued to scream, and his screams rang in the room for several minutes before being cut of when the vocal cords burned to ash. Then he continued screaming in his mind until there was nothing left of him but a pile of ash on the floor. Hux smiled once more. Mine. Hux glanced around the room. The fire had spread through it and had burned the walls completely bare. Every single TIE-fighter had disappeared in the fire. Though there was one ship that was unharmed and that was Kylo's shuttle. The room was a landscape of fire and beauty. And Hux stood in its midst. After another burning glare around the room Hux forced the fire back to his body. The room immediately stopped burning and the only thing left of the fire was the smoke and the ash piles on the floor. Then Hux forced the fire back even further. His eyes stopped burning, his hair came to a rest and his body returned to its normal temperature. Hux forced the fire all the way back to his heart. Immediately the world seemed a little less beautiful. He put on his glove again. Then he turned his attention back towards the unmoving form of Kylo Ren. Hux studied Kylo intensively. In his unconscious state the shields that usually guarded his mind was gone. Without it his mind laid bare before Hux, he only had to reach out and take it. Hux slowly reached out towards Kylo, careful not to harm him, until their minds touched. Suddenly he saw the knight in a different light. For the first time could Hux see the fire, the light inside of Kylo where he had only seen darkness before. It had been hidden in his heart all along, almost in the same way as his own. It was a fire to match his own. The light shone weakly but steady, in constant war with the darkness surrounding it. The darkness tried to quench it, too suffocate it. To get rid of the last light inside of Kylo Ren and Kylo had encouraged it. He too wanted to get rid of the light. That was why Hux hadn't seen it before. Kylo had hidden it from the entire world. However now he could see it. The fire inside of Kylo called to him, pulled him closer. Hux let his own fire come to life again. Though this time it wasn't an inferno, it was rather like the warmth of a bonfire. Hux's fire touched Kylo's and he gave it some of his strength. It immediately began burning brighter. Hux smiled to himself. Mine now. Mine forever. Slowly the fire retreated and returned to Hux heart. It was first then that he became aware that they still were in the smoke filled hangar. After a moment of deliberating with himself he came to a decision. Hux carefully picked Kylo Ren up from the hangar floor and carried him out of the destroyed room. On his way out Hux made a sweeping gesture with his hand and the ash pile that once had been a person was sent out into space. Mine. Notes: Next chapter will be from Kylo's POV and a lot shorter, though it is almost completely done so it will probably be posted in a few days. After that it will only be one or two more chapters before the big reveal. Then next work in this series will be posted. Yepp that's right, this is going to be a series. I changed the rating for this chapter because I thought there was a rather explicit scene in it. If anyone would like to you can come visit me on my tumblr: evilspaceboyfriends-trash Chapter 6 : The dream Notes: This chapter takes place a few hours after the former one. It is from Kylo's POV. Hope you enjoy it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo was lying on his back in the snow. The coldness seeped through the layers in his robes to his very core. Tall and dark trees towered over him. The ground grumbled and groaned under him as it fell apart. Only a few meters away from him there was a raft in the ground from where fire was launched high into the air. Kylo's body was broken. From a wound in his side blood seeped and his face and shoulder burned. He couldn't move. His body was too broken to move and he knew that he would die here. Either by blood loss, the fires or the cold. It was only a matter of which came first. And he couldn't do anything to change his fate. He had failed. The only thing he could do now was to die, just as he had promised he would. His line of sight decreased as darkness overtook it. He couldn't hear anything anymore, not even the collapse of the planet. He couldn't feel the cold or the heat anymore. And the warmth in his heart slowly died out until only darkness was left. There had been a time that he had wished for that to happen, when he had been young and foolish. But now he only wanted it back. However it was hard to think at all now and soon his sorrow over the things he had lost disappeared into the darkness. Darkness was the only thing that remained. Then in the darkness he heard a voice. Wake up . He recognised the voice but couldn't place it. He only knew that it made the extinguished fires in his heart come to life again. Wake up this instant, Kylo. Then he felt a hand on his unharmed shoulder. The touch burned like fire. Kylo bolted upright in his bed. His heart pounded frantically and he was covered in cold sweat. His head hurt and so did his shoulder and his body shook as panic flowed through it. And the panic only deepened when he saw General Hux standing above him. Kylo recoiled so forcefully that he fell off the bed. The impact with the floor made him lose his breath. But at the same time the pain from it cleared his mind from the last tendrils of the dream. He hurriedly sat up on the floor and backed away from the bed. Kylo studied his surroundings and was surprised to recognise his own quarters. He was in his bedroom. As he looked around the room he couldn't help but notice that the blond wig and big glasses he had been wearing the day before sat on the bedside table. The radar technician uniform had been neatly folded and placed on a chair in the bedroom. However the most worrying thing was that his lightsaber was nowhere to be seen. Kylo was in his bedroom but he had no memory of how he had gotten there. The last thing he remembered where the hangar and General Hux's burning eyes... That though immediately brought his attention back to the General. General Hux stood beside the bed. His uniform was as neat as ever and not a single strand of his red hair was out of place. He stood with his back as rigid as ever and his face was a controlled mask of calm. His eyes were blue. And he was holding Kylo's lightsaber. At the sight of Kylo sitting on the floor beside the bed he only raised a perfectly sculptured eyebrow slightly. "Are you okay?" Hux asked, voice calm and soft but with an inkling of worry in it. Kylo hurried to get on his feat. He swayed a bit where he stood. "Y-yes", Kylo stuttered. His voice was hoarse from the panic that still made his heart beat in a rapid rate. He cleared his throat as quietly as he could. "Are you sure?" Hux questioned carefully. "You were moving in your sleep and mumbling to yourself." "I'm sure", Kylo lied, as if he would tell him any different. "It was just a dream." "Okay then", Hux agreed but without conviction. The two men stared at each other for a moment. Blue eyes met brown and Kylo was the first to avert his gaze. "How did I get here?" Kylo asked after a tense minute. "After you ran into me in the hangar you blacked out and I thought that it would be best to take you back to your quarters", Hux explained. He sounded so certain and confident that Kylo almost believed him. "How did you know it was me?" Kylo questioned. "What do you mean?" Hux asked with honest confusion written over his face. Or it at least seemed honest. "You have never seen my face before and I was dressed as a radar technician. How did you know it was me ?" Kylo asked with more force. "Oh", Hux breathed as he understood. "Well, I didn't know it was you. Not until I found this", Hux explained and held up the lightsaber. "The moment I found it in one of the vest pockets I knew it was you." Kylo could almost believe him. He wanted to believe him. Hux's explanation was much less frightening than any of the ones his mind came up with. One's own imagination could be more frightening than reality. "Give it to me", he snapped and held a hand out for the lightsaber. Hux hesitated for a second. "Please don't stab me with it", he pleaded. But he didn't sound scared of the thought of being rammed through by a lightsaber. He rather sounded like it only would be a minor inconvenience. Then he stepped around the bed and handed Kylo the 'saber. The moment it touched Kylo's hand he snatched it from Hux. With it in his hand he felt a little more secure. "You are shaking", Hux pointed out and stepped back from Kylo. "Maybe you shouldn't be out of bed yet." It wasn't until Hux comment that Kylo became aware that he indeed was shuddering. Though what Hux hopefully didn't understand was that it wasn't because of coldness or sickness. It was because of fear. Kylo immediately sat back in his bed and wrapped his blanket around his shoulders. Hux raised an eyebrow at Kylo's compliance but didn't say anything. With the blanket around him Kylo felt little less exposed and a little bit more secure. He knew however that it was only an illusion. As long as General Hux was in the same room as him he couldn't be safe. "There, now I won't get cold", Kylo said with what he hoped was a steady voice. He would have given his right arm for his helmet and robes right now. "I guess so", Hux said. Then he turned his back to Kylo and began walking out of the bedroom. However he had only taken one step before he stopped and turned back. "I have to ask you something." "Then ask", Kylo said, even though he had dreaded this moment. "Why a radar technician?" Hux asked with a perplexed look on his face. "Oh", Kylo breathed in relief. He had thought that Hux would ask him about why he had run like a madman through the Finalizer. He would not have been able to explain that it was Hux himself he had ran from. "It was the first uniform I was able to get my hands on." Hux nodded as if that made all the sense in the world and then turned away again. But before he could leave Kylo felt the strong need to tell him something. "The supply closet beside mesh hall C-14 need reparation", Kylo quietly admitted. "That has already been taken care of", General Hux said over his shoulder. Mirth glimmered in his blue eyes that suddenly seemed less ice cold. Then he finally left Kylo alone. A moment later he could hear the main door to his quarters open and close. Kylo was at last able to breathe again. As always the encounter with Hux had made him fear for his life. However this time had felt somewhat different from the previous encounters. Less threatening and more comforting. The biggest difference had been Hux himself. There hadn't been a trace of fire in his eyes, only warmth in blue eyes. Furthermore he had spoken with softness in his voice where it had only been sharp edges and anger before. Hux hadn't been the General, instead had he been an ordinary man. He was still worthy of respect, but maybe, just maybe, not of fear. However the fear was still there but now it was mixed with curiosity and an odd warm feeling in his chest. A feeling he hadn't felt in years. A feeling he hadn't felt since he had been a boy, since he had been someone else. A voice suddenly spoke in his mind, a voice that didn't belong to him. A voice that burned him at the same time as it soothed and warmed him. Mine. Yours, Kylo agreed, without knowing what he agreed to or even why he agreed at all. All he knew was that the agreement made the warmth in his chest burn a little warmer and stronger. And that was somehow enough to erase any doubt he could have felt. The encounter with Hux had made Kylo forget the dream, even when his body still shook from the fear it had created. Maybe if it had been remembered some of the things that would eventually happen could have been averted. Notes: At first the dream were not supposed to be a part of this chapter. But then I saw the prompts for angst november and that day 8 was visions/dreams so I decided to add it. So you could say that this is my participation in angst november. The dream actually fits well with the rest of the chapter so I'm glad I added it. Though it is a little funny that the chapter with an actual angst prompt is the one with the least angst so far in this work. When I thought about what I want to happen next in this fic I came to the conclusion that the first part of this series are going to be 10 chapters long. Which means there are three more chapters until the reveal. Aw always if anyone would like to you can come visit me on my tumblr: evilspaceboyfriends-trash Chapter 7 : A meeting with Supreme Leader Snoke Notes: Sorry for taking so long before posting this. I just didn't get satisfied with this chapter. I'm still not completely satisfied with it but it will have to do. I hope you still like it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo stood in one of the corners of the Finalizer's bridge, overlooking the organised chaos inside. Consoles was beeping and blinking. Officers were hurrying around the room and yelling updates to each other. Amongst it all Hux was like the eye of the storm, calm but terrifying. He stood by the huge transparisteel windows at the front of the room, surrounded by monitors where updates appeared all the time. Before him, outside the windows, the battle raged on. They had been on their way to a neutral planet to try to win them over by any means necessary, peaceful or violent. However on the way there they had been attacked by the Resistance, which lead to the current situation. The Resistance had surprised them, giving them an advantage, but now they had begun retreating. That was all thanks to Hux. Nothing bypassed his watchful, burning eyes. Sometimes he even seemed to foretell the future and respond before the Resistance even had a chance to begin an offence. An explosion made the ship shake and everyone except for Hux stumbled. He only ordered a counterattack and soon another explosion lit up space, but this time it was the Resistance that got hit. Almost half of their ships had been destroyed and they had begun withdrawing. "Sir, incoming call from the Resistance", Mitaka said from his place behind the communication console. "Bring it up on the screen", Hux commanded and pointed to one of the screens in front of him. "Yes, sir", Mitaka said. He pushed a couple of buttons. "The call is coming up." Kylo carefully watched Hux and moved closer to the place he was standing at to get a better view. Hux took a deep breath and when he released it again his eyes stopped burning and turned to ice. A moment later a Mon Calamari appeared on the screen. Kylo recognised him. "I'm Admiral Ackbar of the Resistance", he said. "I'm General Hux of the First Order", Hux replied with a vicious glimmer in his cold eyes. "And I accept your surrender." Ackbar sputtered something inaudible but probably offensive. "I'm not calling to surrender, I'm calling to negotiate the terms of a truce", he muttered. "Denied", Hux said coldly. "You should be grateful that I accepted to talk to you at all. I could blow every single one of you to pieces. Surrender or flee, scum, I don't care, but we both know that that is your only options." Ackbar seemed stunned and stared at Hux in chock. Then the call ended. "Sir, what do you want to do?" Unamo asked. "Continue attacking but if anyone decides to run don't pursue them", he ordered. "Yes sir", she said and saluted. It went exactly as Hux had predicted. A few minutes of destruction and death later several Resistance ships turned around and fled and soon all of them were gone. Except for the ones that hadn't made it. The officers cheered and the Tie-fighters returned to the Finalizer. Hux however didn't move. He continued staring out the windows into the empty space before him. Kylo couldn't help but get curious about what Hux was thinking. This of course led to a stupid decision. He decided to read Hux's mind. During the weeks Kylo had been on the Finalizer he had never before tried to read Hux's mind and suddenly he couldn't understand why he hadn't done that before. Kylo's mind reached out towards Hux's only to crash against a barrier. Kylo tried to get through it and to his surprise he found that it was ratter easy to dig through. That was until he reached a layer under the soft layer that was almost impossible to get through. Kylo pounded at it for what could have been a few seconds or several hours without significant result. Eventually he gave up and instead began searching for any cracks in Hux's mental barrier. He searched against the edge of the barrier and the longer he searched the more baffled he became. Hux's mental shield was huge. A long time later he was still searching without having found any cracks. He was beginning to give up completely. Then he felt something. A warmth. It had to come from a crack in Hux's mental shield. And it seemed to not be too far away. Kylo hurried towards it. He imagined it like he was running over the surface of a planet towards a canyon or crevice. The closer he came the warmer it got. But he would not turn back when he was so close to maybe once and for all relieve what exactly Hux was. Kylo's searching mind stopped short when he finally reached the crack. He felt stunned at what he had found. It was like looking for a crevice and finding a volcano instead. An active volcano. Kylo stared into the flaming pit that led into the inside of Hux mind and hesitated. Then he dove right into it. A burning pain erupted in Kylo's head. He yelled in pain as his mind burned. Never before in his life had he been in such pain. He crawled out of Hux's mind as fast as he could and searched for the safety inside his own head. Blissfully enough Kylo soon passed out and he accepted the darkness of unconsciousness with a sense of relief. The darkness was painless. —————— When Kylo finally opened his eyes again he found himself staring into the fiery pits that were General Hux's eyes. He froze in fear and closed his eyes in anticipation for the pain to begin again. But nothing happened. After a few seconds Kylo opened his eyes again. This time Hux's eyes were blue. "Don't ever do that again", Hux growled. "I-I w-won't", Kylo stammered. "Good, now get back on your feet", he commanded. Kylo managed to rise to his feet even though his legs felt a bit wobbly. He used a nearby console to support himself when he realised that he didn't have his helmet on. He looked around in confusion until he spotted it at the floor by Hux's feet. Kylo blinked once and then used the Force to bring the helmet to him. A sound made him look up from the helmet and Kylo realised that he still was at the bridge and that he was surrounded by officers that were all staring at him. He felt his cheeks get warm and hurriedly put his helmet back on. Hux continued to stare at him when his eyes suddenly began burning again. Kylo took a step back in fear, though he needn't have been afraid. General Hux turned towards the other people in the room and fixated them with his fiery eyes. One by one the officer's gazes turned blank and they stared out into nothing for a second or two before returning to normal. And when they did they immediately began working again. Kylo leaned against the console for a few minutes to try to calm himself. All the while the officers continued working and Hux walked amongst them as if nothing had happened. The communication console beeped again and Mitaka turned towards Hux. "General Hux, the Supreme Leader demands an audience with you and Lord Ren", he said. Hux head immediately turned towards the poor man. "Are you sure he said both me and Lord Ren?" He questioned. "Y-yes, sir, and he seemed quite determined about that. He said 'No excuses this time', sir", Mitaka said. "Alright then, tell him that we will meet with him shortly", Hux ordered. "You have the bridge, Mitaka", Hux said as he began stalking out of the bridge. He stopped next to Kylo and stared him down. "Are you coming or not", he barked. "Y-yes", Kylo immediately responded and hurried after Hux as he stepped out into the corridor. —————— Hux's POV Hux had known that this day would come but he was still unprepared. During the month Kylo Ren had been on the Finalizer Hux had made sure that he didn't speak to Snoke. Now he could do nothing to prevent it. He had no more excuses and Snoke wouldn't accept any even if he did. Now he could only hope that Ren wouldn't give anything away. Hopefully the last week would make sure of that. They entered the conference room that was used as a holochamber and was where the meeting would take place. Thankfully Snoke hadn't shoved up yet. Hux needed the extra time to collect himself, to make sure that nothing slipped through his shield. Only minutes ago Kylo had found a crack in his shield and he couldn't let Snoke find it. Hux and Ren came to a stop before the spot where the hologram would appear. Hux looked at Kylo through the corner of his eye. Since Kylo had his mask on it was impossible to guess his thoughts and emotions. There was a glimmer of light and then Snoke appeared. Hux stopped an expression of disgust from showing on his face and instead bowed his head in what would be seen as respect. Beside him Ren did the same. "Kylo Ren, so you finally decide to show up", Snoke said with a mocking voice. "I'm sorry master", Kylo answered. "I was busy fulfilling your command." "We'll talk more about that later", Snoke huffed. "At the moment I'm more interested in the progress of Starkiller Base and the occupation of the planet Anantapar in the Anoat sector. General Hux, care to elaborate?" "Of course, Supreme Leader", Hux said and hid the revulsion he felt over using the title. Snoke didn't earn that title. "Starkiller Base is close to completion. The command centre with connected living quarters and barracks for Stormtroopers are completed and as we speak staff are transferred to the base. The weapon itself is soon to be completed but will require more time before it is ready, at least a month or two if my calculations are correct", Hux said. "The occupation of the planet Anantapar in the Anoat sector however is an entirely different story. We are on our way there now but ran into complications as the Resistance attacked us. We were of course victorious, though there is one thing about the attack that made me think", Hux continued his report. "Why did they react so strongly about this planet? Recently we have conquered 5 planets and this was the first one they defended with such ferocity. This was also the first time one of the leaders of the Resistance contacted us. And said leader tried to negotiate a ceasefire. I denied the request of course. Nevertheless it still makes me wonder what they were truly defending. I suggest that before a full attack on the planet we send out a smaller group to search the surface after anything suspicious." Snoke clasped his hands together and leaned his chin upon them. "You are right, General", he said. "We should send a few people on a mission to the planet before the fleet reaches it." He turned towards Kylo whom had stood quietly during the time Hux's had spoken. "I give this mission to you, my apprentice. Seek out the true reason the resistance attacked and report back, without being detected." "Your word is my law, Master", Kylo responded and bowed. It made Hux stomach turn. "Then it's decided", Snoke hummed. "Leave us, General, I need to speak to my apprentice in private." This was what Hux had feared. As long as he was present he could stop Kylo from saying something Hux didn't want Snoke to know. But left alone with his master there was nothing that could stop Kylo from destroying everything Hux had worked so hard for. Nothing but Kylo himself. And Hux wouldn't bet his entire career on the man's ability to keep quiet. However there was nothing he could do other than bow and take his leave. The doors to the room closed behind him and Hux leaned against them, suddenly fatigued. The power was no longer in his hands and all he could do was wait and hope. —————— Kylo's POV Kylo watched as Hux walked out of the room. He walked with all the pride of a General on his ship. Hux walked out the doors and they closed behind him and somehow Kylo felt like the world had become colder and darker. He turned back towards his Master, who sat calmly upon his throne and stared sternly at Kylo. "Why haven't you been on any of our meetings before today, my apprentice?" He asked with a thinly veiled threat in his voice. "I apologise, Master", Kylo said and bowed deeply. "I have been busy executing your orders, Master." "That is no excuse", Snoke growled. "I didn't intend it as an excuse, Master", Kylo explained. "However, it is the truth." Snoke leaned backwards on his throne and gave Kylo a piercing look. "We will talk about that later and discuss your punishment. Now, tell me everything about what you have discovered", he commanded. He leaned forward again and looked gravely on Kylo. "Have General Hux shown any sign of not being loyal to me?" Kylo's mind was racing. He didn't know how to reply. A few weeks ago he wouldn't have hesitated about telling Snoke everything he had discovered about Hux and the mind control, but the last week something had changed. His mission on the Finalizer had been clear. He was to examine the General to find out if he harboured any disloyalty towards the Supreme Leader at all. That had been his mission, not what Kylo had told Hux during the beginning of the second week. If Kylo had found any other traitors aboard the Finalizer that would only had been a bonus. Then the Presence had distracted him and for a week Kylo had been completely focused on it instead of Hux. When he finally remembered his mission and spoke to Hux he had been scared, really scared, but also intrigued. The next two weeks the fear had become stronger until it culminated in the hangar incident. However after that things had changed yet again. The last week Hux had been different. Nice even, except for the incident today, though that had been Kylo's own fault. He shouldn't have tried reading Hux's mind. Then suddenly he remembered a forgotten memory. It came from the end of his second week onboard the Finalizer and he had been on the bridge to read the crew's minds after any evidence that General Hux's burning eyes hadn't only been an imagination of his. He had discovered that it weren't and that every single officer on the bridge had seen the eyes. Plus that the natural defences placed around sentiment beings minds had been destroyed. Kylo had been so afraid that he had run all the way back to his quarters. Kylo ran through the corridors of the Finalizer until he came to his own quarters. There he tore his helmet from his head and stood still, breathing heavily while his body shook. After a couple of minutes he had calmed down enough to be able to think again. I need to tell Snoke, went through Kylo's mind. Right away a feeling of foolishness flooded through him. With it every single one of his independent thoughts disappeared. Kylo didn't need to tell Snoke because nothing had happened. He had only overreacted. There was nothing to be frightened of. There was no need to tell the Supreme Leader anything. Suddenly Kylo felt calm, numb even, and he began undressing. A nice, warm shower would help clear his mind. And how the Force had he gotten this sweaty? It was disgusting. Whistling a cheerful melody Kylo got into the shower and began cleaning himself. The fear he had felt then spread through his body and even more so when he realised that his mind had been altered with that time. He had wanted to tell Snoke everything then but something had stopped him and made him forget his fear. Kylo looked up at Snoke. Now he had the chance to tell everything and no one would be able to stop him from doing so. And when the truth was out Snoke would probably demand that Kylo left the Finalizer to return to him. Kylo would be safe. Though was that what he wanted? Don't be stupid, Kylo told himself. Tell him, now, and you will get out of here. Isn't that what you wanted from the moment you learned about this mission? Now you have your chance. Kylo Ren stared his Master in the face and told him the truth. —————— Hux's POV Anxiety made his insides boil restlessly. What are taking so long? What are Kylo telling Snoke? What has he discovered? The doors to the conference room opened and Kylo walked out. His helmet made it impossible to tell what he was thinking and his posture didn't give anything away. Hux clenched his fists so that his fingers bore into his palms. His face however remained composed and he stopped the fire from reaching his eyes. "What did you talk about?" Hux couldn't stop himself from asking. "He wanted to know if anyone harboured treacherous thoughts towards the First Order", Kylo said with a strange and unsettling calm. "... And what did you tell him." Kylo turned completely towards Hux and something like a grunt of pain left the voice modulator as he did so. Hux's throat tightened. "I told him the truth. No one on this ship is disloyal towards the First Order." Hux breathed in relief but didn't let anything show on his face. He had thought ... it didn't matter what he had thought. Kylo hadn't told Snoke anything. "I will call for a meeting about the upcoming mission. You should be there", he said with all the certainty he didn't feel at that moment. "Then I will come", Kylo replied calmly. They stared at each other for a few seconds before Hux abruptly turned his back towards Kylo and stalked away towards the bridge. Kylo stood and stared after him. Notes: After this it is only three chapters left in the first part of the series. I haven't yet decided what it will be called, which is why I haven't made it a series yet. Though i think that there will be at least four parts in the series. Notes: If anyone would like to you can come visit me on my tumblr: evilspaceboyfriends-trash