Dispatched You were not aware of any details of the information being handed over, it was deemed by your Resistance superiors, that it was best that you shouldn’t know anything. That way should anything go wrong, and you be caught it was simple to destroy the evidence. You could be questioned, even mind probed by the infamous Kylo Ren and they still would be able to gain any intel from you. It was a dangerous yet simple enough mission. You knew conducting this transaction on Coruscant was a huge risk to you, as since the destruction of the Hosnian System the First Order where everywhere. You would have thought that with the destruction of Starkiller they would have been turning running, with their tails between their legs. But no it seemed the organisation was larger than anyone could have guessed, their bases scattered everywhere across the galaxy. You scanned the room, the cheap outfit you wore to fit in was making you uncomfortable, but you knew better than to let that show. You had to look like you belonged amongst the other scantily clad party goers. The gauzy revealing fabric made you aware of how little protection you had should things go awry. You had of course been given a description of the person you were to meet, but that didn’t make you any less nervous that you would get it wrong. You sipped at your drink, aware that whilst you must appear tipsy, you mustn’t actually get drunk. They were late, not just by a handful of minutes, but by hours and with no way of contacting your superiors you had no choice but to wait. Hoping all was still okay whilst avoiding possible detection. A pale, dark haired, man kept watching you over the rim of his drink, and you tried avoiding eye contact with him. Moving to another part of the room, leaning over a metal railing to watch the dancefloor. He needed discouraging from talking to you, it was imperative you didn’t mess this mission up. “Hi.” Great, it hadn’t worked. He leaned nonchalantly against the railing, flashing you a grin. You rolled your eyes at him, turning the other way to walk off. Only for him to follow you, his gait slightly off. You suspected he was quite drunk, great just what you didn’t need some drunkard attracting attention. So you did your best to lose him in the crowd, as you made your way to the bar. Failing miserably, as he assumed the same poise grinning down at you. “So I said Hi.” “I’m with someone.” You kept your reply succinct, letting the words ‘sod off’ fall unsaid but definitely meant, as you ordered another drink. Replacing the other one you had successfully lost. You handed the barkeeper credits for the drink, but the man trying to chat you up pushed your money aside, adding his own drink to the order before handing over the credits. You took the drink, intending to leave, when he caught your waist, gently but firmly pulling you back to him. “I just bought you a drink.” Shrugging him off you looked at him gobsmacked, yes he had but that didn’t give him a right to your time. You weren’t some prostitute, you’d not asked him to buy you one, and even if you had of you had every right to walk away when you wanted to. “And I told you I was with someone.” “I don’t see anyone with you." He was persistent; you’d give him that, and also a little intimidating but you figured he was your average drunk, harmless enough if you could just loose him. You looked for an escape noticing a well-groomed, red haired man approach the bar, you decided to take your chances on him, hoping he’d take pity on you a while. “Oh look he’s here now, thank you for the drink goodbye.” You took your leave of the man, walking over to the redhead, smiling as you spoke a loud greeting, standing on tip toes to kiss his cheek, hoping he didn’t look too shocked as you spoke desperately in his ear. "Please, please play along.” To his credit he didn’t bat an eyelid, instead looking straight over at the other man frowning, as he put his arm around your waist. Leading you off to a secluded booth, helping you down to your seat before sitting close to you. “Thank you. I never thought I would lose him.” He snuck a look back over to the man at the bar, his lips twitching briefly in a smirk before returning his gaze to you. "Glad to be of service to such an attractive young lady, has he been an overly large annoyance to you?” You took a sip from your drink, cradling it in your hands, whilst you shot the redhead a genuine smile grateful for his assistance, flattered at his complement. Another time and you would have liked to get to know him better, his manners seemed impeccable so gentlemanly, a little out of place here. "No, no he’s just drunk I think, but he’s rather annoying and very persistent.” “Yes, he is, isn’t he?” So he knew the dark-haired man, at least from the tone he sounded as unimpressed as you were with him. You made a noncommittal noise. Not really wanting to encourage a discussion on the man, but not wanting to appear rude either. The redhead didn’t elaborate instead turning instead to look back over the way you had come. The darker haired man was heading your way, carefully balancing three shots. He placed them on the table, sliding one in front of yourself, the other to the redhead who took it raising an eyebrow to the brunette. He lifted it to inspect it, his tone neutral as he scowled down at the contents. "I take it there is a reason for the shots?” “Yes there is, we appear to be celebrating General.” Satisfied with other man’s answer the redhead raised his shot, gesturing with his head to the shot you had been given. You took it, not wanting to appear out of place. Smiling weakly as you raised it in salute with the others, downing your shot, coughing at the bitter taste, asking the darker man what exactly he was celebrating. the redhead repeating the question to him this time using the brunettes name smirking as he did. “Yes Ren, what exactly are we celebrating?" Your blood turned to ice in your veins, and the room began to sway slightly at the edges, realisation dawning on you who you had picked to as you would be saviour. Could you save things, did they know who you were, what you were doing here? "Your good fortune General; it appears you have managed to locate the Resistance Dispatcher.” You lunged for the data chip, desperate to destroy it before that information to could fall into enemy hands. They were quicker, both jumping you. the man you now knew as Kylo Ren pinning your wrists. As the man he had called General prized the chip from you, holding it triumphantly as you started feeling drowsy. The room spun slightly, and you couldn’t breathe. Your vision faded into black, giving you just enough time to realise that the shot had been drugged. Everything seemed unreal, fake as you faded in and out of consciousness. Aware briefly of figures, and different scenery flitting in and out of focus, as you were carried somewhere unaware of your surroundings. You would have fought to escape but your muscles were unresponsive as you screamed at yourself to run, get away it must be real. You eventually broke through the drowsy fog to wake, groggy and forgetful from whatever substance had been placed in the drink. You were unable to place your surroundings, nor remember why you were here. You tried to stand, realising quickly that you were unable to do so. Your arms and legs strapped to some sort of table. A chuckle broke out from the darkened corners of the room, an unpleasant interloper, residing somewhere in the gloom. “To think you thought yourself safer under the protection of Hux, better that you would have chosen me sweetheart, I prefer my prey less bloody.” The inhuman voice came from the darkness, stepping slowly into the harsh circle of light illuminating you from above this time, the apparition slowly taking the form of a tall masked figure, clothed in flowing, black robe. Making him unmistakably this time Kylo Ren. You remembered him, the General, everything. Quickly you recalled your training nerves making you blurt it out without even a question to answer. " (y/full/n), Private, 22758” A brush of static broke from the mouth piece of his mask, the vocoder distorting the laugh he gave. He approached, making you quickly realise that he was not the only one in the room with you. The first laugh had been too unmistakably human, unhindered by any apparatus, not masked. As though to clarify your frantic thoughts; fresh footsteps sounded from the edges of the room, never braking into the light as they beat a steady tempo around you. The monster behind the mask continued to taunt you. “Were you aware you carried a decoy message, that your purpose all along was to be sacrificed?” No you hadn’t. But then no dispatch messenger was ever told what they were carrying, nor given the means of finding out. It was always a simple; find the contact hand over the consignment. It made perfect sense to send several blank messages out, to increase the likelihood of the message getting through, it was a tactic used often. Your reply was stoic, the simple rhyme you had been instructed to repeat during your basic training. Reinforced by further instruction, when you chose to join this branch of the Resistance Army. " (y/full/n), Private, 22758” You ensured your tone remained civil, neutral you knew not to bait your captors, or goad them to any actions. Not unless you could benefit from it. Ren spoke again, and you knew even without the tone to his voice, he was amused at your predicament. “Ah I see you were not. However, it is an often used tactic good, and I can see you have received anti interrogation training. Looks like we may dispense with the formalities of telling you how this will progress. Unless, of course you would like telling what we will do to you. How we will hurt you, brake you?” You were afraid, that much was a given, and your training had warned you would be. The simple advice you had been given at the beginning of the training sprung to mind, about how to progress; ‘you can hold out longer under torture if you focus on what you will say rather than what you won’t.’ You did, fixing your mind not on the misery of your failed mission, instead repeating your name, rank and serial number over and over in your head lips moving silently as you did. “You know enough from your training then girl to know I can simply take what I want!” Yes; you thought he could. His question pulling your treacherous mind into a stream of thought, but what exactly did he want? You of course knew nothing; you had been unaware of the location of the new base. Having not been in contact with any Resistance members, not since you had received your instructions. The small package arriving later by. You clamped down on that thought. Quickly you repeated your mantra, this time speaking the words out loud, concentrating just on those words alone. “(y/full/n), Private, 22758” “So you did not receive the orders and package at the same time, how did the package arrive?” You didn’t stop off to acknowledge his question, not willing to give him the satisfaction of braking into another memory, you just kept up your chant. “(y/full/n), Private, 22758” It went on, more questions always the same answer; name, rank, serial number, they must be growing impatient by now. A noise again from the shadows; this time he chose to speak, each word correct, commanding, enunciated in a posh accent whos’ origins you couldn’t quite place. “Enough Ren, you know what I want take it, find out.” Kylo Ren moved closer, his gloved hand outstretched in an open claw, and you knew what was coming, you had been trained to expect it. The battering of his mind against yours was like a ram against a castle door, like thick nails trying to dig into your skull. Yes, they could break through if given enough time, but you knew to hold fast, to keep the mind block in place not give him that time. You pictured the wall they had created for you, knowing that whilst you held on to that he couldn’t get through. Unfortunately, he would now know that you are force sensitive, but that would not tell him that all Resistance Dispatchers were. You had to choose your moment, to goad him carefully. Ensuring that he had believed this task would be easy, allowing him past more personal and less important memories. He was beginning to struggle, the evidence clear by the way he no longer held his shoulders as straight, or his arm as steady. It took far less energy to maintain a shield than to tear it down, and you had been given practice at this, spending hours honing your skill practicing amongst your fellow dispatchers. Not that it didn’t take any strength to keep him out, and you wondered if sweat trickled as freely down his neck as it did yours despite the frigid chamber. He couldn’t be far from exhaustion. You took a gamble, his neck sagged lower the hiss of his breath strong and fast through his distorter. It was time, you gave your final taunt. Laughing wildly as you did, all sense gone as you signed not your execution order, but that of the commencement of more physical torture. More painful, but safer than this mind rape. You knew that the man who would lead this was more precise, less prone to emotional out bursts than Kylo Ren you screamed out your final challenge. "(Y/FULL/N), PRIVATE, 22758 AND I WILL TELL YOU NOTHING!” There was a moment of silence, broken only by the sound of breathing, your chest rose and fell to the same velocity as the rhythmical splinter of breath from the Commanders mask. Commander of what? You thought sneering, not blocking this thought allowing him to see if he wished the humiliated form he made struggling at your feet. A pale wraith took form, it stepped slowly, precisely from the shadows. Circling slowly to observe your prone form, his face appeared disgusted at you, as he ran his look over your bedraggled form. Making you oddly feel ashamed for him to see you so, whilst his appearance was so impeccably untarnished. He reached closer, stopping behind your line of vision, silently observing you before leaning closer. His perfect accent in your ear as he spoke. “I had a fancy Ren would struggle to break you, shall we see if I can do better?” Your eyes bulged, a second smaller light illuminated a table to your left. Glittering with assorted instruments, his chosen tools of interrogation. You gulped trying to steady your breathing, whilst you took stock of the items on the table, knowing that anticipating pain was like experiencing it twice. But desperate to know what may or may not happen to you. He stepped to the side, his fingers dancing over instruments and you knew he did so to draw your attention to them. His precise behaviour indicating that he knew what item to pick, before he had even notified you of his presence in the room. Choosing one, he brought it to you. Twirling the blade between hooked fingers as he brought it against your clavicle, his tone almost bored as he gave you your ultimatum your only way out. “Any time you wish to stop, all you must do is say ‘please General Hux I am ready to talk’. Now let us get you out of that dress. It really doesn’t suit you, so revealing, so cheap, hardy the outfit of a respected soldier is it now?” He pressed the knife down, careful to leave a shallow nick. He tilted the blade under your clothes, hooking the gauzy fabric with it. Watching your reaction; as it ripped the fabric, the sharp blade guided down to your skirt hem, cutting your dress in half, tutting at the sight of your lace bra and pants. “Look Ren, you could be wrong. Are you sure she isn’t really a whore? She looks more that part than the dispatcher we were sent for.” His words were meant to rile you, to remind you that first and foremost you were a defenceless woman, restrained in the company of two dangerous men. It was a tactic you had been warned would be used against you. You knew sexual torture was always a possibility. You were always warned it would be the most effective measure against most women. Time after time you had all been advised to rid yourself of that barrier. Reasoning with each of you that it would make you more aware of what to expect, should the time come. But the videos your instructors showed hadn’t helped making you dread the act more. The screams of women and men as they were forced, making you wonder why anyone could willingly carry out that torture. Your mission had required authenticity; they had ensured every detail down to your undergarments was checked. At the time reasoning, the shape the bra gave as your dress hung off it gave your cleavage an authentic boost, making you look deliberately cheap. Now as he ran the back of the blade over the swell of your breasts, you wished that you hadn’t, whilst trying to reason with yourself that your choice of underwear wouldn’t have mattered. He would have found another reason to comment, to belittle you. This was polite chit-chat for what was to come later. The General returned the knife to the table, your fear increased as he returned this time a syringe in his hand, filled with a creamy white substance. You’d had that one in training, and you’d hated how out of control that drug had made you. “(y/full/n), Private, 22758” Your words were desperate, despite the lack of an actual plea, as you sought dominance over your fears. Swallowing down your desire to beg, you knew what that syringe contained. The redhead moved to stand in front of you, those slow deliberate steps again. The syringe held aloft in a nonchalant manner, needle pointed upwards, unprotected sharp. He stopped at your feet, letting you study it a little longer, his cold blue eyes observing you. “I won’t insult either of our intelligences by telling you what’s in the syringe.” He stepped between your legs. Cruelly pushing against the already splayed limbs to observe you, straining them painfully against your joints, before crouching between them. He ran the fingers of one hand languidly up the soft flesh of your inner thigh, the tips brushing lightly over your skin. Whilst his eyes followed, flicking over the expanse of skin dotted with blue veins. The needle was pressed against your flesh, biting into your skin. Firm enough to brake flesh, but not enough to bleed. It left a raised mark in its wake as he trailed it lazily up your leg. Up, towards his waiting fingers. He reached the spot, his index finger prodding softly, ensuring you knew he had found it as he dragged the syringe up to replace his finger. The needle pressed against its mark, he adjusted it angle, plunging it’s point casually into your skin, before withdrawing it a single bead of ruby blood marking his target. Without asking his colleague held open your thighs for him making his access to your more intimate places easier. He moved the needle up a fraction, this time driving the tip further in than before. Before once again withdrawing it, only to move it again, repeating the action as he once more forced it through the barrier of your skin. Two tiny trickles of blood wept from the injury, inching down your thigh to gather in droplets waiting to fall to the floor. He put the needle once more into your skin, and his thumb smeared the blood over your thighs, before dragging the metal tube languidly from you. Whilst his digits moved to the spot, ready to smear the blood dripping there to join the rest of the crimson painted across your thigh. He flicked his eyes back to you, to observe the effect his toying was having. He knew this was far from your braking point. But Hux was a master at this game, he knew he would have to warm your body up. To make it receptive to the pain that was to come later, it was only half the job, he needed you afraid too. Your mistake was to look at the visor of the man who held you open, the face of that mask firmly turned to the gap between your legs watching the other man as he worked. A fleshy wetness was placed against your thigh, making you snap your gaze back to the General. He ran his tongue over you, searching the blood on your thigh. the tip of it tasting your skin for the unmistakeable changes in taste, that would let him know he had reached the broken flesh of needle sites. You shuddered to have his mouth on you. Too close to that of your most intimate areas, his nose brushing lightly the edges of your panties as he moved upwards, finding what he wanted. He brought his teeth without preamble, firmly over the proposed injection site, painfully clamping over it. Eventually making you scream out in pain, as it broke the skin, your back arching as you viciously kicked against your restraints. Your struggles would get you nowhere, you knew your bonds were too tight. Kylo had been ready for you to react, he dug his large digits painfully into your thigh, holding it still for his General. His teeth had left a series of brakes and bruises to your already sensitive skin. Sexual as it had seemed, it wasn’t, it was an act that would make the next injection painful. The needle having to brake though the brushed flesh, the broken capillaries. General Hux lifted his head tilting back, you could see the sanguine paint dyeing his swollen bottom lip, making him look almost vamperic. The blood contrasted with his ghostly white skin. He knew without force sensitivity what you were feeling. The needle came down again, this time thrusting it straight into your femoral artery, his icy orbs on yours. He chose to watch you, the realisation showing on your face as the liquid was ejected straight into your bloodstream. It burnt at the injection site, and the man made sure to deposit the fiery liquid slowly. Prolonging both the pain and the mental torture of having an unwanted substance forced into you. The syringe empty, he withdrew it. Placing it into a waiting kidney bowl waiting for it to take full effect. You could feel it coursing through your veins, every heart beat sending it further into your nervous system, until finally your head lolled back on your shoulders. You knew your eyes where glazing over, the tell tail sign that the drug was fully antiquated with your system. You felt relaxed, giddy, slightly sick. The redhead stood back, hands placed behind his back, waiting patiently as Ren stroked your face. His fingers a parody of affection as he trailed them into your hair. How he had regrouped his strength so quickly you did not know, but he began once more the assault on your mind. This time avoiding the walled up parts of it, dragging forth earlier memories, much more precious and personal to you. Talons dug roughly through your skull, never settling on any particular memory. Simply rifling through them like a deck of cards, plucking briefly to gather together the ones he showed interest in before withdrawing from your mind. The drug had always made it easier to access your personal memories. It was designed to relax you enough to let a force user flit past your personal barriers. But you knew from that, the ones that were most damaging were far too protected for him to access, even in this state. Your instructors having tested the blockade with far stronger force users than him. You felt the vibrations of his mask, he made sure to push the snout uncomfortably close to your face, mockingly let you know he had gathered useful information. “So you are force sensitive, I wonder if others of your ilk are? And they took time to test your walls to thoroughly, they were not weak like you, there was a Jedi too how interesting. They would be far more useful here than you. You with your petty grasp of a simple parlour trick.” The drug was up to its full effect now, and you held him out of what you could. Despite him reaching more personal memories. He picked through those, voicing the ones that would hurt the most. “No mother, no father, but ah, you had an elder brother, yes I can remember him it was my sabre that ran them through wasn’t it? As your parents died ensuring you escaped the temple.” You had been so young, too young to have witnessed the butchery you now recalled the memory. It was so horrific they hadn’t even bothered to block it like the others. You had begged them not to look there, not to drag forth the horror. They had accented to your request kindly, remarking that this memory wasn’t relevant. It had only been half the reason for you joining the resistance, the other thankfully locked away but not your primary concern. He went again this time deeper, chasing that memory. But you had requested stronger safe guards against that one, prepared to risk even death to protect it. The room spun darkness splattering the edges of your vision, you faded from consciousness. The last words spoken, though you couldn’t remember which of the men they came from. “Yes, she will do.” Chapter 2 : Beam It was dark and you couldn’t breathe the thought that you where drowning flooding your senses blocking out all reason. You knew full well that you weren’t being held under water and that you could breathe but you couldn’t get your body to accept that. Your lungs burned for air and your throat was sore as your body tried to cough up the imaginary water in them. You were firmly restrained again but still your body struggled to convince you to brake free from this torture. The apparatus straps held you tight still your already sore limbs made worse by the rubbing and jerking as you did your best to wrench yourself free. You had no concept of how long you had been interred for, time no longer had any meaning to you. Often it would seem like forever before they came for you, dragging you from your empty cell to take you to him for another round. Other times only moments seemed to have elapsed the stings of his last blows not even had time to settle into dull throbs. Sometimes they provided you with a grey tasteless gruel others they left you for days without food and water. It made you feel sick and weak as they pumped more drugs around your system. It seemed the General was quite fond of drugs. Of course he excelled at torture, he appeared to enjoy it too much not to have taken more than a glancing interest, his skills where well honed, precise in how he interrogated you. He had stopped asking questions from you but Hux continued the torture sessions. In the few conscious moments alone in your cell you had assumed it was to keep you unaware of exactly what was useful. That Ren passed any information over to Hux whilst you weren’t present. After all why was the man present for the sessions? Hux was firmly in charge here Ren simply watching you, never touching you anywhere else unless expressly ordered to do so by Hux. What was he the man’s bitch? An image of the General taking Ren as just that, his bitch flittered briefly across your brain and you giggled. Your little titters turning to a full blown laugh, it irritated your already sore ribs, they where probably broken too. It made you gasp for air not sure it was that funny but you where unable to stop yourself laughing, where you loosing it? Unable to stop yourself you deepened your laugh, not able to stop even after being ordered to do so after being side swiped by the General hard enough to split your lip, teeth cutting into your cheek the taste of iron flooding your mouth. Shit you thought where you loosing it? You hawked it in spitting the pink tinged saliva at the General pleased to see it hit your mark dripping down his cheek to his jacket. His usual pristine appearance tarnished by you made you laugh again, causing him hit you again this time knocking you into unconsciousness. Another day another round of torture, this time electrotherapy, the shocks where applied to random body parts of Hux’s choosing. Always somewhere new, he knew better than to let the pain of the last shock numb the sharpness of the new. Not that there was much left that didn’t hurt you would struggle to find a patch of skin unmarred by his actions. Ren was always present, his hands always at your temples pressing against you, a steady pressure in the base of your spine reminding you he was there. Ren hadn’t spoken during the interrogations, not since that first time today was different Hux didn’t always ask questions either, often choosing to hurt you just for his own amusement. “You don’t need you to talk for this.” It came from behind you his toneless, inhuman voice easy to discern from the human but harshly clipped syllables of General Hux. The redhead accompanied Ren’s statement with a chuckle a more human sound from him today you realised. No you didn’t you thought instead Hux was going to have Ren feed you back the information gleaning over what he had gathered from residing in your mind like some bloodsucking parasite. This session was over once you could no longer even moan at the pain, and Hux called for assistance never liking to touch you at the end of a session, probably beneath him to risk you getting his pristine uniform dirty. The Stormtroopers came unstrapping you from the chair to drag you back to your cell leaving you there to rot until they would come for you again. Stormtroopers, they always came for you in two’s dragging you from your cell, kicking you awake from your few precious moments of sleep. You where never allowed to sleep for long they made sure to take it in turns to wake you, no one was ever gentle with you. Not even the ones you suspected where female, showed any human decency. You where dragged from your cell into a large tiled room. The binders you wore at all times out of Hux’s sight fastened to a hook in the ceiling, deliberately set too high to make you stand precariously on tiptoe. They cut the soiled clothing from you off, hosing you down like an animal before helping you to dress. It was always the same clothing, a tight thin grey sleeveless tunic. No you couldn’t call it clothing you thought. Clothing was meant to cover you not leave you feeling further exposed a reminder how little you wore. It was shorter than the dress you had worn for your mission and you had to be helped into the pants that went with it. It allowed the General easy access to your skin and kept you on edge as the troopers kept your wrists out of the way so they could freely grope you. Once dressed they added a blindfold holding your upper arms as you padded bare footed along the corridors. They wouldn’t bother to warn you of any changes in your surroundings, changing corners quickly to disorientate you jeering and laughing if you stumbled or knocked yourself on anything. You knew if you fell the clothing would give no protection as it was it rode up your ass if they made you hurry. No serious harm ever happened the troopers would stop anything too risky as they escorted you, but they made sure they had their fun at your expense. You jumped making you stumble as a hand quickly grabbed your behind slipping momentarily between your thighs making you fall over in your effort to escape it. More laughter broke out when you hit the floor one side of the pants riding up the crack of your ass and someone mad sure to pull the other side to join it both cheeks now on display. You scrambled to your feet turning to confront whom ever it had been knowing it was unlikely to have been your escorts they had already had their turn at humiliating you as you’d dressed. One going as far as to expose himself to you in your cell making sure you watched as he jerked himself off onto the metal shelf you slept on. “Get a move on resistance scum.” The trooper now behind you nudged your bare ass cheek with the barrel of his blaster making you turn around and he grabbed your shoulder to move you on. You wished you could reach to straighten your clothing but the binders kept your wrists firmly in front of you. The blindfold leaving you disorientated and dependant on your captors. You were positioned once more into the interrogation table. The all too familiar voice of Kylo Ren dismissing the troopers let you know he was here should you kick off as he changed your restraints over. Without your vision you felt more vulnerable, jumping when he pulled you back flinching at every sound in the room. Hands touched your bottom and it took you a moment to realise he was covering you back up. Guiding you back to the chair to lock you once more into place. The blindfold was yanked from you and you blinked at the familiar cell they had lead you to. “Ren I did not give you permission to start without me.” Hux paid no further attention to you, it was as though you weren’t here and he faced the table beside you. Ensuring he kept his back to you making sure you couldn’t see the equipment he had chosen for todays session. So had he not been in the room when you had arrived here? You hadn’t noticed him arriving separately. The General turned around to passively look you over the only acknowledgement that you where there. He studied your arms before wiping iodine over the crook of your elbow. Neatly inserting a cannula into it attaching a saline medical bag to it. He spoke patronizingly to you, the fluids where a necessity you’d not been given food or fluids for so long. “It wouldn’t do for you to pass out from dehydration would it? Not when we have a busy few hours ahead of ourselves.” You smirked displaying far more fortitude than you felt, you’d be dammed if you gave them the satisfaction of letting them know you where afraid of them. “Yeah General I’d hate to leave the party early.” He sighed and motioned for Ren to come closer and assume his usual silent position at your head. Leather gloves pressed familiarly to your temples. You doubted he would speak, but you couldn’t resist taunting him anyway. “It won’t work you still can’t get in can you? Does I make you angry Jedi killer that you can’t get at anything of worth, they did too good a job for you didn’t they. You’ll fail this too, just like you did on Starkiller. It’d be quicker to kill me, unless you want to let me go.” There was no answer but the fingers at you head dug harder, and you thought strongly at him how pleased you where to have riled him. Hux spoke diverting your attention back to him to remind you that he was master in here not Ren. “I think you’ll find todays gathering rather special 22758, we have something new for you to try.” “Oh, no drugs today then just pain General, how kind of you.” “Well if you insist 22758.” Hux smirked at you, the blood draining from your face as he inserted a syringe into the bag pressing down the plunger, this one was different. “I would hate to disappoint you.” The liquid in the saline bag slowly changed to the colour of the drug, threads of it dipping and uncurling as it dropped lower to the bottom of the bag. You had of course been given various mind altering substances in your training, they’d made you try each one likely to be used by the First Order. It was so you would know the effects of each making you aware of how you would respond, but none of them had ever been that shade of blue. You could deal with pain, the drugs you disliked but knew what to expect, how to still keep a measure of control over your body until they’d run their course. But the thought that you really had no idea what was to be pumped through you system, the fear of not knowing what it would do to you was making your skin prickly and your temperature rising making you too hot even in this cold chamber. The blue liquid had now mixed fully with the saline solution and you watched in horror as it began it’s descent down the tubing towards your cannula where you knew you would have no choice but to give it access to your body. You swallowed hard closing your eyes ready as it reached the tubing knowing what filtered into you no longer contained any untainted solution and you closed your eyes breathing in deeply to prepare yourself for it’s effects preying you could keep it together. A sudden intense pain along your side had your eyes opening to look back to the man who had caused it. His face was stoic but something behind his cold eyes always suggested internally he was anything but unaffected by what he did to you. You swore it was pleasure he derived from this the only time you saw his face animated was when he hurt you. He pressed the scalpel to your hip pressing deeper this time and the screams beginning anew, as the pain of the blade cutting across already sensitised nerve endings began. He drew leisurely patterns in red across your skin, not need to cut too deeply today. The pain you still felt from the last session meant that shallow scratches would have suffice today, too much and you would blackout. You would bleed today but not much. The blade dipped down between the valley of your breasts slowly cutting the fabric apart but choosing not uncover the flesh beneath it. It was left still covering you as a last taunt at preserving your modesty. Letting you know that although he had not yet resorted to that level of torture he still had that power over you should he choose to utilise it. He smiled as he pushed back the fabric guarding your, breasts making your face pale skin as the blood left it. Quickly you yelled trying hide how it upset you more so than the pain. “Getting a good look, pervert? Keep your hands off me, jackass!” He kissed your forehead as he stoked your cheek, a strangely tender move from the man who had just forced you to expose yourself to him. “Why are you going to stop me 22758? Hush now we both knew it would have come to this point unless, that is there’s anything you’d like to tell me?” “Yeah, go to hell you fucking pervert.” His lip curled up in distain at you, his face dipping closer to your own. “This is different so I’ll humour you this time with a warning, watch your language 22758.” You gathered saliva ready to spit in reply at him, aware of what you where about to do he grabbed your jaw, digging his fingers into your cheek until it painfully popped your jaw open for him. Tilting your face back a slow trail of his saliva slid into your mouth forcing you to swallow it as it hit the back of your tongue. “Spit at me once more 22758 and I swear I will piss in your mouth.” You sucked in a breath trying to cleanse the taste of his spit from your palate and he returned his attention back to your breasts. Your nipples were already puffy in the chilly air of the interrogation chamber a but they hardened to stiff peaks as Hux flicked his thumb back and forth over one. You let out a small moan shocking yourself turning your cheeks red with the discomfort of your reaction, where the hell had that come from. Ren’s vocoder did little to hide his groan and you tilted your head back to him his visor was fixed on you letting you know he too was watching your reaction. “That bit you liked then?” You shook your head wildly from side to side urgently trying to dispute Hux’s statement tears pricking at your eyes. He You refused to let them fall blinking them back before they could fall. Hux’s black glove tilted your face back to him. “Why moan for me if you don’t like it the 22758?” You ignored him not prepared to answer you knew he would just twist anything you say. He made an irrigated sound at your refusal to answer him before twisting your nipple hard. “I asked you a question.” He gritted his teeth pulling at your teat when you still refused to acknowledge his question holding it until you cried out your answer. “I don’t know, it’s cold in here!” He let go, running his finger around the throbbing bud. “Does the cold make you moan like that 22758?” He grinned unpleasantly at you nonchalantly flicking the sore bud. “You didn’t answer me 22758,” his thumb moved once more to trap it and you yelled out your reply too late as he pinched it once more. “No, yes, please I don’t know ouch let go please!.” He held on, rolling the tender nub between his digits, this time you couldn’t hold back the tears and a single trickle fell towards his hand at your chin still held firmly up at him. You looked past him ashamed at your reaction. “It’s okay to admit you liked it 22758 such stimuli normally is considered pleasant.” His tone was soft, a mockery of intimacy and it shocked you back to yourself. Lips pursed and ready you stopped as he raised a single eyebrow at you. Yes you thought he would do it and you swallowed choosing just to yell at him instead “The fuck I did you sick bastard!” He let go of your chin staring impassively at you “I warned you Private.” His face contorted into a rage as his arm swung back his palm making you see stars as it connected with your cheek. His face returning to calmness as he pressed into the spot with his thumb watching as it rubbed into the into your darkening skin. Satisfied with it, his thumb slid down your cheek and you found yourself transfixed by his action. His eyes locking with yours as he ran it softly under your bottom lip slipping it over your lower teeth. He watched you, his pupils softening as you instinctively sucked on the digit, your tongue flicking across it’s leather pad before you realised what you had done. He felt the movement of your jaw and pulled the digit from you before you could close your teeth on it. His head slightly tilted back at Ren as though as he considered something as he flitted his eyes between you both. “Is it working then?” Hux’s voice was deeper as he spoke, his actions seemed slightly at odds with his usual certain demeanour. “Yes, but it needs to be much stronger.” Even through the vocoder on his mask you could hear the change in his voice as it dipped, to something you’d not yet heard. A different type of hunger you thought and you needed to know what was coming. You thrashed wildly in the chair needing to know now what was in you more than you needed to appear unafraid to them. Stupidly giving them a reaction a handle on your fears. “What needs to be stronger, what the fucking hell did you put in me this time?” Hux raised his hand to backhand your cheek and you dropped the attitude begging quickly, “please General tell me what it is.” Hux looked almost pleased at your change of attitude but he backhanded you anyway. This time however he dipped to gently kiss your stinging cheek, almost as though he would to sooth a child’s grazed knee. His lips moved to smile against your cheek, his voice soft but his words where just as taunting as before. “It seems you have trouble shutting that filthy mouth of yours, let me help you. The gag please Ren.” The taller man moved from behind you, stepping over you to force your mouth open making short work of your clenched jaw to fasten the gag. Returning to his place at your head this time he stroked your forehead soothingly as Hux returned to the steel table drawing up a fresh syringe. It didn’t take much to work out that it was filled with more of the substance. You watched the General place the needle straight into the injector port of the cannula. Ensuring his sigh of mock boredom was heard by you as he pulled back the plunger to mix it with your blood. Now you did beg the shame you might have felt at begging no longer mattering as you realised what it was it in your system would be was less shameful than that. Hux slowly released the tainted blood back into your system. He flushed the syringe the saline ensuring the full dose would be delivered to join the aphrodisiac already coursing your system. This time Hux watched almost reverently as he watched the drug take hold, your pupils dilating almost black as your heart rate soared and your breathing quickened. You squirmed in the chair and if your legs had of been free you would have been pressing them together in desperation. The man behind you let out a triumphant groan as your hot core clenched. You made no sounds this time, but Ren was gleefully as he passed it over to the General. “She’s willing General.” The redhead raised an eyebrow at Ren who for let go his hold on your skull to clarify his meaning. “It seems it’s not just the drugs, I’ve seen it she naturally enjoys a certain level of, control.” Your head shook wildly from side to side urgently trying to dispute Ren’s statement ‘No, you know there’s more to it than that!’ You screamed at him from within your mind, that clench had been caused by the fear of non-consent, not enjoyment of it. The evidence of shame coursing your face at what you knew was only half a lie. Hux once again held a blade this time pressing it threateningly against the crotch of your knickers. You took a shaky breath to steady yourself. If you moved or so much as flinched he would cut you. The blade pressed firmly against the fabric and Hux drove it down towards your ass creating a slit. The sound of ripping fabric was unusually loud in the empty chamber. He turned the blade over using the flat of it to peel back one side of your now crotch less panties, your throat getting tight at this final assault on your dignity. Hux bent over to examine you nudging the fabric with the sharps to gain a better view. Humming as though in thought as he did so. “Odd, if you’re not willing 22758, then why are you so wet.” Hux harshly thrust two fingers inside you, the sudden intrusion stretching you without warning. He removed them intently studying them before lifting them up to display your glistening wetness to Ren. Studying the wet strands before speaking the mans name, the single ‘Ren’ a question of sorts. There was a hiss and a thud as Ren placed his helmet onto the side table and he walked round the table to Hux. Making a show out of grasping the man’s wrist to angle it into the light, he frowned before pulling Hux’s fingers into his mouth. You watched as he sucked them clean cheeks burning as he did, Hux’s eyes watching for your reaction. Without the drugs it wouldn’t effect you this way, your clit throbbing as you watched the mans full lips close over Hux’s fingers sucking gently as he closed his eyes humming at the taste of you The General flicked his fingers back over your sex your eyes pleaded with him to stop, drool mixing with the tears adding to your humiliation. The gag was garbling your words as you alternated, between begging him and throwing garbled insults at him.. “Remember what I told you 22758, just tell us what you’re hiding and we’ll stop.” You gathered he was pleased with his jest, the smirk on his lips letting you know he wouldn’t recognise any actual attempt at agreeing to tell him. You tried zoning out, focusing on the pulse point in your arm instead as you fixed your gaze on the ceiling. They wouldn’t allow that Ren tilted your head back to watch as Hux’s fingers moved back between the hole in your knickers. You closed your eyes, refusing to look at them, to be reminded who was doing this to you. A thumb brushed your cheeks, gathering your tears before smearing them across your nipples, providing lubrication for Ren’s fingers to rub smoothly across your nipples. There was a groan but you weren’t sure who from as Hux withdrew his fingers from inside you, this time coaxing your juices up towards your clit. It was Ren who offered you a real way out of this ordeal as he tried coaxing you, his voice strangely gentle without the vocoder. “You don’t have to speak to tell me, just drop your walls show me and I’ll tell him to stop.” You shook your head forcing yourself to breathe evenly as the fingers flicked your clit rubbing faster, the tender bundle of nerves almost painful now at their repetition over the already engorged flesh. They where both expert at reading the signs as Hux kept flicking and pinching over your sex towards completion despite your reasoning to your body to stop. Of course there had been no way of preparing your body to hold out against this kind of torture, yet you had foolishly thought you would hold out better than this, even with drugs. Your walls clenched for the last time and Hux jerked his head at Ren, who yanked off your gag. Ensuring you could be heard as you grunted at your climax. They ensured they laughed at you as you came ensuring to further your humiliation, Hux rubbing the wetness into your knickers before cutting them off you handing them over to Ren as a ‘souvenir’. He dried his glove over your bare stomach making sure to spread the evidence of your arousal well, before peeling off his glove to discard it on top if. They prepared to leave the room, leaving you still strapped, exposed and unguarded on the table. Ren tilting his head for one last look, Hux refusing to further acknowledge your presence. You felt cheap used, everything they'd taunted you with, even going as far to label yourself whore. If you'd not liked it then you reasoned why had your body responded. Either way it was irrelevant this was the safest moment to do it. They had gone and you could feel them revelling in their triumph at the change in your demeanour. Yes they’d seen you cry plenty but only from pain which you could tolerate. This was different so much more invasive but you needed to stay alive. You closed your eyes willing your body to relax clearing your mind as you briefly opened a chink in your mind sending out a single blip to let her know you where still alive. Chapter 3 : Radio Silence Notes: Read the notes at the end. I would have put it in from the start but It would have given stuff away. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Even with The Mask on, you knew he was cross. The way he paced across the room to you, put you in mind of a prowling Chlovi Cat. He studied you intently, as he moved closer and you felt the fear brush up against you. His fear you realised, he had covered his face this time to hide his humanity, his failure from you. He feared that; his own failure in this matter, and more so that he would fail again. You realized then, that Hux didn’t know he’d failed. Failed to take notice of the sudden hole in your defences, until it was too late. Not that you should take this as a moment to savour, your thoughts still needed protecting. He was here for the first time without Hux holding back his leash, this could go horribly wrong for you, especially should he anger too quickly. You allowed your own fear to suffuse you, letting it reside in every fibre of your being, projecting it back at him. He took it letting it swallow his own fear, conceited by his own ignorance, feeding him off your food, as you manipulated him. “I know you dropped your walls.” He’d moved closer, and you could feel his fingers brush up against your skull, tendrils of force snaking their way back into your mind. He was searching you realised, not for what you had lowered, but for where you had lowered them. You knew he still shouldn’t be able to break through, but worried at how close he would come to those precious memories. “You fear me finding something close to you, then 22758? Not at all something to do with your mission. You’ve not given that a thought for days.” He was right of course, but it wasn’t entirely comforting he’d backed off those thoughts, of your mission. Even without access to the memories, he could probably see both your mission and to Her and where you both were linked. You reacted too strongly to your mistake. It didn’t go unmissed, he chucked behind the mask, and you could hear the glee behind his tone as he spoke. “Her, 22758? Who is She?” He chased through memories, flicking through them like the pages of a tattered old book, drawing forth information to shelve for later. Until he came to one he had previously thought unimportant, one that now made you flinch as he breathed a sigh of exultation. ‘She had helped you climb from the shuttle-ship, somehow you had survived the crash. The ship had been too damaged before take-off to make a safe landing, the pilot sealing you all in the cargo bay creating an airlock to keep you safe. It had been cold and though you couldn’t now recall the faces you had clung onto, there had been two others locked in there with you. Though you could now only remember was the terrified face of the pilot. He had returned to the controls once he had sealed you all in, needing the oxygen mask to survive the journey. Not that he knew he had much hope of him or the craft surviving the landing. Of the woman you mainly remembered the calmness she wrapped you in, as she held out a gloved hand to you. You took it in your own tiny hand, warmth radiating from her grip, suffusing your frozen body as she led you away. She pulled you gently aside as you passed the cockpit, the pilots mummified body, the oxygen mask still attached, an image that would haunt your nightmares for years to come. You buried your face in her robes as she lifted you, not looking back as she led you away into the lush canopies of Nyriaan.’ You had never found out what had happened to the other two children aboard the ship. The pilot of course had been buried his bravery and identity, swallowed forever in an unnamed grave on the planet Nyriaan. Ren’s taunting began afresh, he wallowed in triumphant pleasure at your misstep. “So She is your rescuer, no wonder you had escaped our notice if She helped to keep you hidden, who was she to you little Jedi, your guardian? Your would be teacher?” The term for you mocked what could have been; had he not destroyed the new temple, you would have trained become a Jedi like your brother. As it stood you had refused to train in the years to come. There had been too much bloodshed already, you adapted, learning the traits you needed to survive, only those of use to you. Selfish until you’d met the Resistance, learnt of what had become of the Galaxy. He dived once more, desperate to uncover more memories of the Woman, to find out who she was. Unable to find any he howled in frustration, making you prepare for the worst. If he did this wrong the failsafe in your mind could kill you, or worse drive you mad. You concentrated although, though easier to steer Ren, it would be harder to control once you started, you sensed he was too brash, too unpredictable. But he was getting dangerously close, and you hated doing this but you needed to distract him, without using the force. You let yourself go, let the traces of the drug in your system overtake your hesitance, and took a deep breath. Ensuring your chest rose on each inhale, reminding him with your eyes, you were female, weak, pliant and trapped. Everything he couldn’t take from your mind he could take from your body. His fingers traced your collar bone, the seams of his gloves catching on the littered cuts and scratches Hux had left, as he pressed them across your body. He trailed them across nipple and you felt disgust, not just at his actions but at your bodies willing response. You threw back your head in a tiny moan, biting your lip as you looked at him. Thanks to the drug his movements, although less precise than Hux’s still elicited the same response. His fingers found themselves slowly drawn to your neck, wrapping his huge paw around your delicate vertebrae. He closed his fist, gently squeezing at first as he bent to suck your nipple. He straightened, squeezing harder against the column of flesh, his thumb pressing into your pulse point. Leaving you light headed, dizzy. His other hand unclipped your leg restraints, wrapping your legs around his hips. He seemed unsure as he touched fingers to your sex, running the soft leather over your sticky lips, before sliding them between them stroking at your clit. You hardy needed any encouragement to be bought to climax, not with the synthetic lust already coursing your system, and you whined encouragingly. He felt you tense beneath him, his visor watching as your mouth attempted to cry out your elation, muffled by the fingers pressed to your windpipe. You struggled sill unable to gasp in air, vaguely aware through your pounding vision of a shift between his legs, as he stroked his cock to rigidity, before sliding it inside you. He held still there feeling your body twitch as it was denied air before loosening his fingers, making you gasp in oxygen as he slid his cock repeatedly into you. The sudden head rush it caused made the room spin around you and he yanked you closer to him, burring himself deeper inside you as the restraints bit painfully as he stretched your limbs. He was never going to last that long, this was about him, never you. His hips sped up, as he ground himself deeply into you. One hand wrapped around your thigh, as his hips moved, the other pressing against your abdomen to steady himself as he stilled, pouring himself into you. He stepped back unsteady, as though unsure of what he had done as he covered himself back up, quickly creating distance once more between you both. “Ren!” The general strode into the room. One look at you had him sneering at the mess between your thighs. You closed them quickly, all too aware of the slickness slipping down onto your thighs; the Commanders seed slid down them. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” You knew he wasn’t cross at the perceived rape, the idea that Ren had used one of the prisoners for his own amusement could hardly be an issue for the First Order. No it was something else, it was the first time you had seen the men at odds with each other. The General moved to the control panel on the wall, pressing a series of button you suspected were to summon your escort back to your holding cell. The Troopers came dragging you shame faced from the cell, pulling you naked along the corridors. It was the first time you had made the journey unseen by other troopers, and you suspected they took a different longer route with you. Not the short twisted one they took whilst you where blindfolded. They shoved you roughly into the cell, kicking you away from the door before it slid into place. Leaving you naked and unwashed in there for what seemed like a two full cycles, if the regularity of your meals where anything to go by. The bang on the door precipitated the arrival of your next meal. You scrambled quickly aware you were now all too eager, to receive this tasteless bowl of slop. Reaching for it as it was slid under the door hatch. You took it leaning back against the metal shelf you used as a shelf, stirring your spoon through it before bringing it unwillingly to your lips. You forced yourself to swallow it, aware you were hungry, but that the meal would offer precious little in the way of nutrients. Just enough to keep you alive and fend off any real damage to your internal organs, avoiding them shutting down on you. You reached for another spoonful, this time as the greasy offering ran across your tongue you felt something odd. You sucked the gruel from it, before spitting it out into your hand. That the item had survived being uncooked, and unprocessed was an oddity in its self. That the sweet item should find its’ self in the savoury mix offered to you was also strange. You rolled it around in your fingers, noting no damage to the berry other than the slight bruising it had received by your tongue, it had been unprocessed. You set it once more to your lips, slipping it past them, to bite hard on the fleshy sweetness. The small berry flooding your unused taste buds with the memories of home. You tried not to show any reaction as you chewed it; they knew you were alive, she had taken your message to the Resistance there was still hope. You had not yet finished your meal before they came from you, taunting you with the remains as they scraped them down your toilet. They dragged you once more this time naked, and unblended. Through the corridors of what you realised now, must be another planet based military base. You kept your head lowered in shame, aware of catcalls and threats as you walked on, struggling with your weakened form to keep up with their fast pace. Thankfully it seemed though no one dared touch you as they led you, this time unmolested, to the shower block. Your restraints where clipped to the ceiling, leaving you once more stretched out on tip toes. You did your best to keep your balance, whilst they hosed you down. Footsteps rang out against the tiled floor, and the troopers saluted to the presence. You heard Hux hand over something behind you. One removed her helmet this time, confirming your suspicion that there was always female trooper present, before smearing your body with an oily substance. He dismissed her and she saluted once more, before leaving the room to join her comrade. He strode into view, his carriage and deportment perfect as always and you were briefly relived that they had hosed the dried seamen, and dirt from your body. He always made you feel dirty, even without the evidence to placate his perceived opinion of you. He flicked his eyes crisply over your prone form, your nipples stiff from the cold. Pointing like an offering to him, as they were forced forward by the arch your back created as you balanced on the balls of your feet. The oil started to tingle, and it shot tiny needles of hot and cold into your skin. He ran his hands appraisingly over you, making you inhale sharply against the sensitivity of your skin. He held something in the palm of his hand, and he watched as you tried wearily to discern what pain today would bring. Hux waited for the oil on your skin to reach maximum potency, before dipping into his pocket to dribble more of it over your nipples, rubbing around them to increase the mixture’s absorbency. You bit your tongue against the insults that forming there ready to hurl at him. Aware that without knowing what he carried, it was too risky to indulge yourself. He seemed aware of your struggle, using the unknown object to lift your chin at him, as his already slippery fingers anointed your clit with the oil. It tingled worse there, burning icy hot sparks against your sensitive clit, and you felt it throbbing with your unwanted need. He tilted your neck to the side, and you moved it willingly, not wanting to fall foul of his temper, nor todays new method of torture. You felt more than you saw him, run his steely gaze over your neck, his free hand pressing into the bruises Ren’s fingers had left. You felt his breath, a precursor to his teeth as he bit over every mark. A challenge the previous mans’ mastery over you, as though to remind you who’s prisoner you were. Satisfied, he stepped back, unfurling the item in his hand displaying an unguarded open-blade to you. You shivered, and he pressed the cutthroat to your ankle, well aware that one slip would make him cut you, struggling to stay still, against the buzz of the coating on your slickened skin. You stood, breath baited, as he ran it smoothly over the skin up your leg, each pass making you more sure you’d fail to hold still on the next one. He continued the action to the other leg, wiping the shorn hair on a cloth after each pass. Satisfied with his work, he stood lifting one leg to hook the ankle over his shoulder. He pressed the blade to you again, this time against your most intimate of areas. If standing on two tiptoes was difficult, this was harder and your leg shook, as it struggled against your weight. He had almost finished when it threatened to give out completely, and you almost begged him to stop until he spoke. “If that leg goes down little soldier you will cut yourself.” His voice echoed in the empty room, making it sound disaffected and distant, despite the wording. Like you would use against a wilfully naughty child, who insisted on going against your best wishes for them. It mattered to him not one bit if you cut yourself, you realised. No it probably would make him happy if you did, and knowing this made your resolve stronger, as you forced yourself to hold out for the last few passes. Aware though, that although he hadn’t cut you, it shouldn’t make you so proud of your ability to follow his orders, as he stepped back to admire his handy work. Satisfied he unclipped you from the hook, unclipping your wrists from their binders, leading you over to a row of showerheads across the back wall. He directed you to use them, this time giving you proper soap to use. After the almost painful hosing you were forced to endure on a daily basis, this basic right seemed like a luxury, and you willingly soaped yourself over, rubbing it gently into your scalp. Finished you stepped from the shower, aware from the tent in his pants, that his eyes had never left you. He held out a towel to you, and you went to take it from him before pausing midway. You were aware that to take it you’d have to step closer to him, to the hunger in his eyes. You waited there too afraid to take it, but also painfully aware of the effect your nakedness had had on the man, shivering in the cold room. You stood for what seemed like an eternity, before stepping forwards to take hold of the towel. He refused to let it go when you attempted to pull it to yourself, and you looked at him in question, afraid to speak out unless it angered him. Ren was not present nor could you sense him, there was no need to goad this man to action for your defence. He was only a risk to your body, not your thoughts. He raised a single eyebrow to you, and you blushed at its meaning. Struggling to get your tongue to process the command to speak, you croaked out the word. "Thank you.” He let you pull the fabric to you, but didn’t let go of it, his face still waiting and you froze at the realisation he wasn’t going to give it up. Terrified at the thoughts of what came next you clutched at possibilities, as he waited patiently for something. Aware of his standing amongst the military, his need for respect you clutched at the one thing you could think of, speaking forth the answer as a query to him. “Sir?” He let go the towel and you wrapped yourself in it, shielding yourself from his prying eyes as you dried yourself. Finished, you turned back to him, waiting and he held another offering out to you. You thanked him again, this time following immediately with his honorific. Tucking the towel firmly against yourself you opened it up, pulling the material over your damp hair. It felt odd to be covered with real clothes after so long, even if it was just a simple shift dress. You let the towel drop to the floor, grateful for its length as you bent over to pick up the towel. Hux took it from you, dumping it into a basket as he walked out of the room. You gathered you were to follow him, and you ran behind him barefooted on the cold floor, struggling to keep up with his strides. The officers and troopers you passed stood aside for him. And you gathered from the looks they gave you, they unwillingly held back from throwing their insults at you. Making you press closer, as though this man offered you protection, not was the actual cause of your danger. Reaching the door, you followed him inside amazed to realise this room had a small cot and window inside. He locked the door behind you with a code, before pressing his palm against it to secure the lock, speaking to you. “There is no escape from this room, nor will anyone be bringing you any unsanctioned items.” He narrowed his eyes at the last two words, further confirming your suspicions that the berry had been a message. You feined indifference at his actions, as he stepped towards another door, once more beckoning for you to follow. “You will of course eat in here, bathe in here, any activity which causes you to encounter another being will be watched at all times by myself or another high ranking officer. You shuddered, more officers meant nothing would be private, no chance to meet a possible Resistance member on the base. You followed him through the doorway, it led into a much larger set of rooms, and your brows knit together as you realized from the fastidious neatness that these where his quarters. You would be watched closely, kept right under his nose for him to observe at all times. You shook the thoughts away not wanting to dwell yet on despair. If you could just get out of here, you might still make it in time. He moved towards a table, sitting you down as a tray was placed in front of you. It still wasn’t solids but the soup he provided as better tasting than the smelly, watery gruel you had been forced to eat. You eyed it nervously, the smell making your mouth water and your stomach growl. You wanted to eat it but also sensed a hidden trap, nothing the General had done had been without an ulterior motive. He sighed at your refusal, moving away to sit down on a nearby facing sofa. He took out his holopad and busied himself with that, leaving you to your dilemma. You dipped a finger into the soup, he had made sure it was warm enough to be comforting, but not hot enough to cause damage should you choose to throw it at him. It was you first time unshackled and your fingers itched, as you realised you should search for a way to escape. That this was your best time to try, before there were more eyes on you. You thought through your options, you knew were not trained particularly well in hand to hand combat to outright try rushing him. And you suspected strongly that even if you could use your few mind tricks, working alongside Ren had made him ensure he was resilient to your low level of mind tricks. You sighed, and he looked over at you frowning, as he assessed your discomfort. His fingers twitching to his side arm, in reflex made you play the only hand left to you. You blinked slowly at him, lowering your gaze to the soup before taking a small enough sip to wet your lips. You kept your gaze innocent, movements natural, avoiding any overt sexual mannerisms what might warn him. You slipped your tongue between them to lick the remnants of the soup, looking back to see if it was working. It would take much more to push him than Ren, you thought and swiped an imaginary drop from your décolletage, before popping your finger into his mouth. His eyes widened at the normally obvious sexual gesture and you repressed a horrified shiver. Instead concentrating on the fear and arousal you had felt in the shower, He baulked for a moment, and you thought you’d not done it right. Until he stood, walking towards you. His desire now apparent, you cowered submissively, as he reached down stroking your cheek, before tangling his fingers into your hair, pulling you roughly to your feet. He turned you around, using your hair to bring your back flush with him, making you cry out in pain, as he yanked your head back to expose your face to him. He brought his spare hand to your neck, forcing you to look at him, his lips softening, parting as he watched you. Fervently absorbing the fear in your eyes, as you felt the cold press of steel against it. Struggling against your dread you didn’t flinch, realising he had placed the razor from earlier against your throat. He trailed it leisurely down, and you breathed a small sigh of relief, as he guided it down away from your jugular. His face a passive mask of stoicism, betraying nothing, until his eyes lit with fire as he flicked the blade pressing the sharp to just above your collar bone. He reverently kissed your tear soaked cheek, making you screw your eyes tight as he obscenely licked away the salty residue. He cut without warning, a long shallow mark, that confirmed your suspicions, yes he had a personal interest in the torture. Blood trickled slowly between your breasts, and he dropped the blade to the floor, discarded, forgotten. Before using the same hand to smear the fluid across them. He swiped the sticky sanguineness up your neck, dipping to press his lips to it, his tongue tasting it as he kissed you, his thumb smearing your own a lips thick rouge. He pushed the digit past them, turning you to him to watch you, as you sucked the salty iron from it. Flicking your tongue against it, running it around the tip like you would his cock. He looked at you once more, and this time he spoke almost lovingly, breathless, as his eyes displayed the awe he felt at your actions. “Masochist.” You nodded your accent at his words, dipping your gaze, as your cheeks tinged at his gifted title. He lifted your chin back to him, and you softly spoke your whispered words less a reply, more an admonishment to yourself of what he was. “Sadist” His lips twitched a half smile, pleased with himself, as he lowered his face to stare down reverentially at you through lidded eyes. Dripping his lips to yours, oddly tender moment for this man. You opened your mouth to him, tasting yourself on his lips, the blood he had so tenderly gathered returned once more to your body. He took your bottom lip between his teeth, biting hard enough to bruise, soliciting a gasp from you as he released it. He studied your swollen lip, his pupils so filled with lust they threatened to swallow his irises, and you took this as your signal, dropping to your knees. He placed his sidearm on the table directly behind you, and you grasped his buckle in hand ready. Waiting for the permissive nod, before unfastening them dropping them with his underwear to the floor, to study him. He was already hard waiting, and your body thankfully gave into this rouse, moisture gathering between your legs, as the rest of you displayed the distinctive traits of a woman in the throw of lust. You took him between your lips. Repeating on his cock, your earlier ministrations to his thumb, before letting him sink all the way to the back of your throat, letting him pump himself into you. You looked up at him, and he hissed down, between clenched teeth at the sight of you. Your lips wrapped around his cock, his fingers tangled into your hair, eyes wide as you looked up at him. He threw his head back, and you took it as your signal, preparing yourself for the knowledge; this was probably going to hurt, a lot. Quickly you landed a hard to the punch to the inside of his thigh, forcing his leg open to bring your fist straight up. He grunted in pain doubling over, pulling hairs loose in his refusal to let go his hold on you. He jerked your head, sharply down on his knee, and you saw stars, your mouth tasting fresh blood as it painfully split your lip. You reached an arm behind you feeling for the blaster, clasping it quickly you brought it up to slam under his chin. It forced his head up and back, the sudden movement over balancing him making him rock back. Forcing him let go of your hair, as you rolled over him, the souls of his feet pressing into your stomach, as he threw you over his shoulders. You stepped back pointing the blaster at him, as he slowly stood, raising his hands in surrender. You sneered at him, his cock still hanging loose, his legs bare and you allowed him the dignity of pulling up his trousers, figuring you would need him to walk you out. You kept your eyes trained on him, as you waited for him to finish, before commanding him to unlock the door. He turned his back to you and obeyed limping slowly towards it before stopping, turning his head to grin manically, as he looked straight back to you. “You know, I don’t think I will.” The confidence in his expression unnerved you, and he turned fully around walking back to you. There was no hurry as he leisurely stalked you, making you step back gripping the blaster more securely. "I will shoot.” You would too, you tried convincing yourself. Figuring his death would be a fair exchange for not you delivering your message. He continued his steady approach, and you spoke again your words belying the panic you felt as you yelled at him. “General Hux I will shoot, stand still!” You pointed the firearm at his knees, ensuring the safety was off fired, panic giving way to full blown terror as it failed to fire, frantically you checked the small arm. There was no safety so it should have fired. He had reached you now, and you tried again, the blaster still failed to go off, and in desperation you swung the arm holding it at him. He blocked it, providing a swift jab under your arm to the nerve cluster there. Your arm went limp, dropping the blaster with a clatter to the floor. He kicked it away, taking advantage of your pain to swing you round, so your arm was now behind you, slamming you down face first to the floor. You could hear the jeer in his voice as you felt him pull on your shoulder, placing the other hand between your shoulder blades, ensuring a clean dislocation. “It’s DNA coded to me, you stupid, stupid bitch.” The main door to his apartments slid back, admitting a mask less Kylo Ren. His expression went from concerned, to conceited amusement as he looked down at the General straddling your back. Hux roared at him in fury, not supressing his anger at the situation one iota. “DON’T JUST STAND THERE MAN, CALL A KRIFFING MEDIC.” Hux dug his fingers into your shoulder for good measure whist he waited. Stopping as the team arrived hurrying over to check his injuries, shoving them away as they crowed over the damage to his jaw. “Not me you bloody idiots! Her I want to know what the fuck we’ve missed on the preliminary body scans. What the fuck is she?” He reached into the medics’ bag pulling forth a prefilled syringe, and shoving it into the side of your neck, your vision quickly fading to nothingness as the sedative took hold. Notes: This has some very brief influence from a book I read years ago called Kushiel's Dart. Though I would like to say they are very, very brief. There are no anguisettes, or rather it's more correctly written that there isn't an anguisette. Nor is it like the sequel to that when Phedré went in willingly just more so that people will do anything to survive sometimes even horrible things they wouldn't normally concider. But I wanted to give credit to it for the influence, even if I didn't realise it when I wrote it. If you haven't read the book you should, if only to fall in love with Jocelin Verreuil, who is a truly beautiful and often emotionally twisted character. Not the bad boy that the FO produces, but he does end up having to forsake everything for what he believes. And for the quote 'that which yields is not always weak.' Again thank you for reading xx Chapter 4 : White Noise Summary: Sorry things took so long I hope this makes as much (or where meant to as little) sense as it did in my head. You faded quickly in and out of consciousness, aware of being prodded and poked before placed into a machine. They were scanning you, the dose of sedative enough to keep you immobile, now but aware of what was happening to you. Faces flitted in and out of focus, and you were aware a few times of the Generals distinctive face, and that of his black masked counterpart. Shame one was an evil nut job, and the other was such a religious Xenophobe. Or was it the other way around? You frowned at your dilemma, or at least would have if the drugs would allow you to feel your face. Instead your mouth slurred out a series of choice insults, before breaking into uncontrollable giggles. It was the drugs doing it to you realised; as Hux leant over you, his brow raised in question at your antics, as besides you a medic reassured him it was normal. “Did you just complement my ass soldier?” You mumbled your answer, unaware of where you had faltered in your insult, yes he wasn’t unattractive, but he was also your enemy. That should make him as undesirable as hot lead. But you’d had to draw that attraction from somewhere to manipulate him. A sudden rush of euphoria swarmed your system, and you realised as your eyes closed he had increased the dosage, blissfully sending you now to total darkness. You been woken this time by the two men nearby; their quiet snarls at one another flitting through the grogginess of half sleep. You smirked at the two of them, as though you hadn’t guessed already their working relationship was strained, from their actions together, this outright argument confirmed it. It had been so easy to play Ren without giving too much of yourself away, his fear of failure all too obvious when he had stormed back to confront you. It hadn’t taken much telepathy to work out he had hoped to find your walls still vulnerable, and then to work out the failure he had felt at the missed opportunity. You risked making him look weak in Hux’s eyes, and from there you had worked out his need to belittle you, to remind you that you were at his mercy. The General however had been something else, for him you’d had to offer what he secretly craved but always denied himself around you. But to do it, you’d had to reveal too much of yourself too. “General think of what we can do with her, the possibilities!” It was obvious they were both discussing you, and it seemed they had different ideas how best to proceed. Both wanting different things, you resolved that they would get nothing from you. General Hux’s reasoned tones dismissed the idea that Ren had any say in the matter, and the realisation suddenly flitted through. To Ren you were a possible force user, one he could be utilized for his own gains, which challenged Hux’s opinion that you where his prisoner. “Ren, do you really not see the risk? Can you not see she’s already been manipulating us both? No I will not risk my men on a wild goose chase, we will stick with the agreed plan.” The sedative was wearing off quickly, but they had taken precautions against that eventuality, it seemed that they were not to prepared to risk taking any more chances with you. You experimentally raised your wrist, doing your best not to knock anything, or raise it too far to rattle and clink. Both your arms where firmly shackled to the cot sides and your legs placed in a set of binders. Of course the drugs wore off quickly, they always did with your metabolism, and now they knew the game was up. Before had just been a matter of good acting, convincing them you were still high for the same length of time a normal human would have been. They were both cross, and you knew the punishment for failing in yesterdays’ escape attempt would be severe. Especially if Hux administered it, so you faked sleep in hope for a little longer in peace. Of course he had noticed you’d woken, his voice displaying his professional lack of emotion, odd you thought that he could achieve with will alone, what Ren struggled to do with a distorter. “I know you’re awake.” You opened your eyes, the redhead stood over you. His chin was a mass of green and purple splodges and you winced at it. You had never liked hurting anyone, and having the evidence of it displayed before you, made you a little sorry for the man. It would hurt quite a bit, and you doubted strongly that he would have allowed himself pain relief for it. You looked around you, taking advantage of your discovered status, to fully look around you. You had been placed in a medical bed, clearly in a side ward, although there was another bed. Its’ current status was unoccupied, but you suspected it was to ensure you could be watched at all times. Your shoulder throbbed, though you gathered from your tentative checks that it had been put back into place. So no real damage from Hux’s little temper tantrum, just the both of you with injured pride. You looked at the General, frowning as his earlier words dropped into place. He hadn’t been alone but he was now. You couldn’t help your attitude, but you suspected that he’d make you pay for it later. “General, you do look lovely today, did you dress up just for me and is that make up on your chin? Thank you so much for making the effort for me. And where might the lovely Ren be?” Your voice sounded too chirpy in your play at bravery, certainly more than you felt. You had played your hand too soon; your escape now would be almost impossible. The General ignored your jab at his appearance, his show at maturity, making your jab sound all the more childish. “Ren is indisposed, which for now; is for the best. Especially, since you seem to have identified him as the weaker link in your little plan. Not to worry, that will soon be addressed,” He pushed your head to the side, pressing non too gently into the pillow. It awoke the sharper pain in your shoulder, and you struggled as you felt the tell tail pinprick of a needle. “Pheromone suppressants.” He didn’t need to identify the substance for you, it would have been your first educated guess. He knew that too, but it was subtle way of letting you know he was taking away your last defence against them. “It would appear 22758, that primary scans had identified something different with your DNA, something that the medical staff thought unnecessary to report. Don’t worry, mistakes will not be made again, I oversaw the secondary scans and ordered a few tests of my own.” You had guessed as much when the drugs were not administered before, it was a crucial part of your escape plan. The abnormality showed as such a small percentage of nonhuman DNA. It shouldn’t have made any difference, offered any changes to your human abilities. So they hadn’t bothered checking it out, figuring that it wouldn’t be worth the time or work. So they’d instead passed your whole DNA off as human. Ensuring you could manipulate them without using the force, and avoided triggering any early alarm bells. You grinned, wishing you could have seen the General’s reaction when the medical staff told him that they had messed up. He pinched your chin, forcing you to look at him, it was a shame you’d had to do that to him, after all he was quite pretty for a fascist. There was a small split on his jaw line, and the tiny stitches spidering across it suggested it would probably scar his otherwise unmarred face. “We have identified your unusual ability to metabolize drugs faster, and of course your pheromone producing abilities. Are there any other abilities?” Your amused smile turned into a defiant smirk. “One moment General, I’ll get you a list.” You waited but the pain you’d expected didn’t come instead he rolled his eyes in disapproval. His tone now that of a patient, parent scolding their errant teenager. “It appears that pain in its entirety doesn’t work with you, as a deterrent at least, or control mechanism with you 22758. Therefore, I propose a new approach, when you are ready for your punishment, I will be waiting for you.” If you didn’t have such an intimate knowledge of his thirst for blood shed, you would have scowled at him. Naturally, you had expected a repercussion when you’d woken, but to have to ask for it was ridiculous. What did he expect you lower yourself by getting onto bended knee, and start begging for castigation? “Naturally 22758, the longer it takes for you to ask, the worse your punishment.” Your tone was derisive at first, “We both know the chances of that happening as slim to none,” before dropping to sarcasm as you rolled your eyes in mock surrender. “okay, okay, fine General I’ll ask just in, say 90 years or so.” He pinched your jaw tighter, fixing you with that frigid stare, his nose nearly pressed against yours. His words dipped into a dangerous growl, spat forth from clenched teeth. “Don’t under estimate me soldier, one way or another you will beg for it before I am through with you.” He let go of your jaw, pulling a chair towards you, using the brief separation to collect himself, his face returning to calm. “Aww General, are you’re not goanna hold my hand and go all weepy on me are you? I rather gathered that was more Ren’s forte.” This time he did sigh, and his lips twitched slightly before settling to seriousness. “It would appear that all the physical messages were decoys. Which leads me to believe that the mission was never the physical exchange of property, such you led us to believe.” “Not as dumb as you look are you General.” He ignored you, though for a second you could have sworn he almost rolled his eyes at you. He was letting you get away with a lot more than normal, and you suspected he was deliberately being lenient with you. “Which means at least one of you knows the details of the consignment. Since the others are dead, at the hands of Ren or in one case worse off that dead, and I do in some cases trust the man’s judgement. It suggests that of the only force sensitive of this bunch you where the actual bearer of the message.” You nodded, there was no sense in pretending you hadn’t known. Not now that the General had pretty much warned you, it was your only way of staying alive. “You won’t be able get at it though General. There are too many failsafe’s in place, better you kill me now if that’s what you intend to try.” “We know of course from our equipment, that you have never been lying to us, you told me you would tell us nothing 22758. That is of course because you know nothing. I doubt that you even know how exactly the message was implanted into your system, nor where about inside you it is.” You blinked at him, your face a blank page. He was right, particularly in that one respect, you would tell him nothing. You tried not to think of your comrades. Their screams as they died, of them being pulled apart by Hux. As Ren worked so expertly besides him, divesting their minds from their mortal counterparts. You swallowed, stilling yourself before you asked; “Did you enjoy torturing them to death? Do you look forward to being able to eventually do that to me General?” They of course deserved your rage at their deaths, but they also deserved your respect for their sacrifice. “You imagine 22758 that I have the time to personally oversee every interrogation? No my little soldier, yours was an interesting case for me, dying will not be an option for you.” You lost all control at that, the suggestion that what you would be something else to him, more than a prisoner. “What you want me to finish that blowjob for you General, go on get it out and I’ll bite it off for you this time.” “You imagine I have any interest in you, 22758.” You refused to give him the satisfaction of flinching as he moved, raising his hand as though to strike, then lower it to bizarrely stroke at your cheek. It struck you as odd that his tone was more gentle, rather than patronising despite the aggressive undercurrents in his flat out denial of any interest in you. “You never learn do you, my little soldier?” “I am not your fucking soldier!” You screamed, a blinding white pain shot through your head, your body convulsing as you lay trapped by it. It grew impossibly hard in intensity, as threatened unconsciousness a black wave of relief looming. The wave of black never hit the shore, instead the pain subsided as quickly as it had come, and you shook with its aftermath as you lay sobbing in pain your cot bed. Fearful of what they had done with you. “I took the liberty of fitting both a tracking chip, and a restraining device whilst you were out. Naturally their capabilities should render you useless should you try and escape again.” His tone was back to that of a man who expected his orders to be obeyed, unfalteringly. “Now shall discuss what you are?” “Nope?” He sighed, you were a trial to him, raising what you assumed to be the control settings to your control chip. “I’ll warn you now, it will not knock you out.” He clearly had it all worked out. He knew where you had been going with your defiance, he was far too good at reading you. It was only a matter of time before he worked it all out, this way was less painful, less invasive. “You know then that I have a small percentage of Zeltron DNA, yes?” He dipped his head in accent, eyes slightly narrowing in question, though he voiced it as an answer. “Yes we have, but not enough that you should be able to use the particular traits of that, species .” You shrugged, this next bit would go horribly wrong if he didn’t believe you. “I honestly don’t know why I can use those traits, General.” He looked sceptical, fingers twitching over the button, you weren’t lying to him and you were not hooked up to the table so he could check. “Please Sir, honest I don’t know how, or why I just know I can. Just please don’t press that thing again.” You had used both the honorific and title in an attempt to placate him, you honestly didn’t know why you had picked up those Zeltron traits from your grand-parents. Outwardly you looked completely human; no red skin or second liver, there really was no excuse for it. But you could still do certain things that full blooded Zeltron’s could. “So you are able of manipulating your pheromones?” Again it wasn’t really a question, but you could hear the desperation in his voice for an answer. You didn’t tell him anything he didn’t already know, but he needed to hear it from you. At first you were tempted to refuse him the answer to taunt him, or worse be wholly honest in your reply. Until you remembered how it had felt when he had done it to you, the humiliation that had made you so desperate to try anything, even degradation to escape him. “Yes,” You lowered your head in shame, offering more information both in an apology and attempt at changing the subject. “and I have limited telepathy, even without the force.” “Enough that...” You knew he needed a valid excuse for letting his guard down, that if he didn’t he would make you suffer his mistake. Your voice even to you on ears sounded deflated, sad, and you hid your lie well for him. Aware that he would be able to use this knowledge use this against you, you spoke. Dooming your dignity in the process of trying to save what was left. “Yes General, it was me manipulating you, I made you do it, I’m sorry.” He seemed relived at your words, but neither of you where that stupid. He’d of course had to have been already aroused. But you suspected being entirely honest with him was not what he wanted. What he had done to you on the interrogation table was one thing, even his arousal at seeing you naked. But you suspected that for him to have openly shown desire for a prisoner, went against everything he had conditioned himself to believe. He truly didn’t want to believe he would had sullied himself in such a way, to lower himself to being attracted to a prisoner. For the moment it was for the best if you both lied to each other on that front. He stood, and you suspected he would have left if you hadn’t of spoken, nor you hadn’t held out much hope of an answer. “What will you do with me General.” Your voice was quiet. “It is undecided. Private.” You knew then that it was a reward for your honesty, that he gave an answer. You made a play for another answer. Aware that he owed you two, he first one for admitting what you where, the second for explaining yesterday. “Will I be tortured anymore?” He sighed, his forehead braking into a frown, which whilst it reached his eyes it stopped short of his mouth. “Not in the nature you have been, Private. We no longer have any need to obtain information from you in that way. That is not to say you do not risk harm, if you don’t follow my orders.” You nodded in acceptance of his honesty. You didn’t need to tell him you would undermine him at any opportunity. He would already know that, no he would expect nothing less from you. His parting gesture was a gift entirely for you, an exchange of kindness you wouldn’t understand until later. “Get some sleep, I will give you tonight, tomorrow is soon enough for your wait for punishments to begin.” You lay back, aware that the General obviously had a use for you, otherwise you would have been executed. They must still think the information you carried important. You had known all along that you were the most likely candidate to carry the actual information. Your force sensitivity made it easier to implant subconscious messages and keep them safe. But only the person it was intended for could decode it, it was useless for the First Order to try, no matter how talented Kylo Ren was. So why not kill you, and remove the message from the chain? The only option you could see left was to use you to draw out the Resistance spies within the base. But they were highly unlikely to show themselves, not whilst you were kept under Hux’s watchful eyes. Only moments passed before heavy footsteps sounded. Making you tense in anticipation, more aware now of your force abilities, now they had cut you off from your Zeltron ones. He spoke from behind you, the mask of course present. “So I see you can use some of your force traits then? And Hux still thinks of you as his does he, we will see.” You belonged to neither of them, prisoner or not you were still your own person. The steps continued towards you, slow, calculating. Did he ever not look like a predator, his mask was trained on you, and he paused tilting your neck to examine the side. It was to make you aware of the needle mark, aware that he knew you had been cut off from that ability. You smirked, eyes narrowing not in the brattish behaviour you displayed for Hux but in pure hatred. “What’s the matter sweetheart, did you think I actually wanted you.” Your voice dripped cold sarcasm, Ren flinched and you took that as a successful hit on his fragile ego. It was different with Hux, him you could respect, he had at least stayed constant in his devotion to his Order, he was a man of war. With Kylo Ren his devotion was all so petty and personal, you could remember him from another time, even before he was this man. Him you wholly despised, as much as you loved her, it was that love that had made you stoop so low to protect her. You had never given much thought to how to do this without manipulating your pheromones but you tried now, amplifying your hatred and pushing those feelings back at him. If he felt it or faltered he didn’t show it, instead he gripped your chin making you look at him. You could feel his equal dislike of you rolling off him, and your eyes closed, your body unable to fight off the force command to sleep. ‘It was raining, the deluge of water falling in rivulets off everything, your feet sliding in the sloppy, cold mud. Your brain once again succumbing to the repetitive nightmare, no not quite the same. The hackles on the back of your neck rose as you marked the differences. This time though you were not the unwilling passenger inside a child’s mind. No, this time you stood apart from your childhood self, watching for the first time ever, yourself react to the horrors around you. It was dark, but you knew that once that first flash of lightening came, those dark boulders soon would materialise. Not as the stones they appeared to be, but as the corpses of slain people. Men and women off all ages, races and breeds laid dead and dying around you. Everything in you wanted to run, to scoop yourself up, to cradle your younger self from the monstrosity slowly striding towards you. You stared across in horrified fascination at the other Kylo Ren, now stood beside you. This one was unmasked, and his clothing was more relaxed, the lines softer. Not quite the imposing garb he always wore around you. Nor did his face hold the jagged scar, rutting across his face that you had seen during your interrogation. This wasn’t quite the Kylo Ren you saw in the flesh, but a smaller, weaker, more fearful person. This version was the man he truly was, hurt alone and at times confused. “ Yes, it makes us both less, resilient to our own personal perception of one another like this. But I remember you now and yet it is not you, ” He broke off, seized by a sudden train of thought. He tilted his head, and although he spoke, it was in your mind you heard his command, your eyes unfalteringly following the order your ears still hadn’t registered. ‘ Watch ’ You so did in silence, as you felt your childhood fear overwhelm you. You could almost smell the acrid smell of your own urine, you were not ashamed to say you had wet yourself back then. Your tiny mind unable to process the carnage around you, meant had been unable to comprehend the fight or flight process, and had chosen instead to freeze. The masked Kylo Ren strode closer, and a man you knew as your father ran forwards. Scooping your tiny frame from the arms of a woman, you remembered as your mother. She was injured, some sort of ranged weapon to the side, and you remembered then that she had ran between yourself and the ranged missile. Her own body the shield, that had protected you from what would have been a fatal shot. She turned back to face the approaching Kylo Ren. He was so close now, the chrome bands in his newly minted helmet could be seen clearly. The yellow blade of her sabre hummed as she activated it, turning to engage Ren, giving your father the precious seconds needed to safely reach the ship. Your father deposited you into the waiting arms of the young Jedi Padawan, and you were directed to join the others away from the battle. You had always remembered him dead or dying in the mud. How could you have forgotten him alive, loving and protective. That your brother had boarded the ship first. That who the others were there, how could you have forgotten them? The silent version of yourself one who always watched but never spoke, the one who would only speak you. There had been three of you, and yet not quite you. Together you huddled, flitting silent words of comfort across your force bonds, as your brother swore to protect you. A roar of anguish came from your father, drawing your attention back to the battle, your mother lay slumped in the mud. Her words a silent plea for her children to escape, as she lay gasping in the slurry dying, her chest pierced. “Get that ship in the air!” He roared his order to no one, and everyone. Beneath you the ship shuddered, your brother pushed you all further up the ramp, and into the cargo hold. Beneath you the monster, stomped one colossal boot onto your mother’s neck. Infuriating your father as he turned to avenge her, the fire in his eyes turning his irises to a horrifying shade of orange-yellow. He mock saluted his own purple sabre at Ren. Reaching out with the force to pull your mothers inactivate one to his spare hand. Both now active he charged Ren, the yellow blade of her sabre swinging in pattern with his. You could feel the anger and insecurity rolling off them both in waves, making you gasp under the weight. Father had already known he wouldn’t make it off the planet, but his pain at losing her instead was still too much too much to have to bare. It had been his hope that he would die here, as she safely escorted his family to safety. Instead his final hope was that he would do so in avenging her death. He fought with a fury that belongs only to the mad, fuelled by disregard for his own mortality, and he had managed cut to Kylo Ren. The bunt flesh of his thigh visible through the hole in his pants. You realised that if his twin besides you removed his leggings, even now in this shared dream state he would still carry that scar. So deeply was it ingrained in him. The battling Ren stepped back, unable to best your father at battle, chose to try a different tactic he held up his arm. His fingers creating the invisible hold that was slowly leaching life from your father. The ship had risen now to the tops of the building, and you felt a quick, violent jerk as the force users outstretched hand pulled it back towards him. Besides you, your brother clasped you one last time to him, a final farewell as he leapt from the ship the cargo hold closing behind you. He cushioned his feet on a blanket of pure force, as he landed to face Ren. Sprinting towards him, as he redirected his energy, pushing a wall of pure force energy at the Dark Jedi. Kylo Ren staggered back, almost falling before he cleanly detached your elder brothers head. Inside the ship you had all screamed. Aware now at Ren’s shared memories that it had been at the loss of your brother’s force signature, as he died protecting you. But his sacrifice had been enough, free of Ren’s tether on it the ship rose quickly once more, clipping it’s self on a nearby stone wall before smoothly climbing, to break the planet’s atmosphere. You watched it leave, the scenery around you dissolved, taking with it Ren and all that he had accomplished that cruel, fateful night.’ He had at least granted you the privacy to wake alone. Though that was small relief to the knowledge that he was currently off using his gained intel, to further his own wicked cause. For the first time you wished you could have joined those dead in the Jedi Temple, and tears welled at the loss of your siblings. How could you have forgotten them? You had been so close, you could now remember now how it had felt as you all had laughed and cried together, almost existing as one. How you had all felt inside one another’s minds when you shared thoughts, the bond you had shared amplifying your connection to each other’s souls. But that was it, you could feel it like the ghost of an empty presence. Their faces you could remember as mirrored facets of yourself, but was that just the force bond, reflecting your own back at you? Their feelings you could remember, odd facts such as one of you had been mute. Refusing to talk aloud even amongst yourselves, the force becoming her voice, you her mouth piece, the other would talk but only to you. But their names, what had happened to them after you knew nothing. You sobbed, unable to even wrap your arms around yourself for comfort, your body heaved with its fresh grief until you eventually lay still. Catatonic in your exhaustion as a fresh fear gripped you, if they were by some small chance alive, they were in danger. No you thought your stomach heaving empty bile at the realisation. You would have felt it now if they had died that day, they were alive and out there somewhere. You had betrayed them to this monster, this creature who would now stop at nothing to find them. Chapter 5 : Contamination Notes: I am so sorry it's been a while. I have had a few comic cons to attend and costumes to alter. Thank you for your patience and thank you to those who commented or have given Kudos. It really helps to know if what I'm doing is as okay as it seems in my head. Edit, I will re-edit this based on the comment made on my other pieces but it will have to be done later as I have actuall work to later. Thank you I appreciate all critisism when made constructively as I realise that having had it almost beaten into me when I was younger that writing wasn't an acceptable pastime I know I am new at this and taking the baby steps many would have taken much younger than myself. You hadn’t slept for days, literally days, though you where that disorientated you couldn’t tell what the time currently was. You only knew this, because at the start of each new cycle the General let you know how many hours you had been awake. So far it had been 96 hours since you had last been woken from your sleep in the Medicenter. You had, true to Hux’s word, been kept under observation at all time, except when the man slept, which seemed to be very little. At the start of his night cycle he had locked you within your cell, a room which only he seemed to have the security clearance to access. Each time he had left you in your room, he had ordered Stormtroopers first to pin you down for him, before injecting a stimulant to prevent sleep. The first night you had sat calmly in your room, not wanting them to see the lack of sleep had upset you. The second night you had made as much noise as possible, determined that if you were not sleeping you would disrupt General Hux’s sleep too. He had ignored you that night, but had made sure to gag you on the third night, ensuring your arms and legs were tied to prevent you banging. Before leaving you once again drugged up, and unable to sleep. Now thoroughly pissed off both from the lack of sleep and sore muscles, you lashed out at him as he released the set of binders holding your legs. His face remained passive as he effortlessly caught the ankle you kicked at him, twisting you onto your stomach. His voice even as he straddled your lower back, pinning you in place with his legs. “Tetchy are we?” Your eyes narrowed at his taunt. “Fuck you, ass-hat.” He folded his chest over your body, his tall slender frame dwarfing yours, as he draped himself over your back, pressing himself invasively against you. He dug his fingers roughly into your scalp, twisting your head to the side, slamming it so hard to the floor that you saw stars. You thrashed against his hold on you, determined to throw him off, whilst calling him every name you could think of. A click sounded on the floor next to your ear, your line of sight landed on the black controller besides you. The message was received, if you continued to act up, he would use it, and you had no wish to experience that level of pain. He used his now free hand to stroke the back of your neck, making you shudder against the feel of cool leather. His mouth close to your ear, he murmured his praise for you, for stopping your struggling, before placing the object back somewhere in the confines of his uniform. “I think we both can agree the chip works better as a deterrent, rather than the actual punishment, yes?” You didn’t answer, wrongly assuming his question had been rhetorical, and his fingers tightened, digging mewls of pain from you, his voice a low growl at your ear. “I asked you a question soldier.” “Yes.” You whimpered, blinking back the tears forming at the pressure against your scalp. “Yes what?” “Yes Sir.” “Good girl.” He let go of your hair, rubbing his fingers soothingly over the pain he had just inflicted. You felt him lift himself from you, raising his knees so he was no longer weighing you down, you didn’t dare to take it as permission to move yet. Above you he hummed in praise, before standing, his feet remaining either side of you. “Very good 22758, up onto your hands and knees.” You hesitantly obeyed, gritting your teeth at his patronising title, but aware that if you lashed out again it could be the time he chose to use the control chip. A chill rode your spine at the memory of the sheer amount of pain. that one tiny button had solicited. His fingertips brushed your spine and you flinched at first at the unexpected touch, relaxing as you realised he was just petting you, stoking along your back like you would a cat. “Good girl, so you can follow orders. Now be a good little solider and crawl to the bed.” You turned to look at him in shock, and his hand dipped towards a pocket in his uniform. Eyes widening in fear, you quickly complied waiting at the side of your cot bed for his next instruction. “Bend over the bed and lower your pants, you may remain kneeling.” If this was exciting him, his voice betrayed nothing, and you dared not betray how red your face was, by looking back to check his body’s response. He continued in his monosyllabic tone, the words not the tone showing his displeasure at your attempt to hurt him. “Do not mistake this as the punishment for attacking me the other day, this is purely for today’s misdemeanour.” His hand caressed your bottom, rubbing the palm of it softly against both cheeks, then digging each digit painfully into the right buttock. He released his grip, drawing back the limb, and your tensed, knees shaking as you worked out what was coming. Smack . He hit the left cheek hard, the flesh stinging, as he drew back to hit again, this time the right ass cheek. You squealed in pain, biting into your wrist to stop the noise from being more obvious. Turning your face to hide it in the folds of your arms, as he continued to rain blows onto your bottom. It hurt, but you refused at first to let him see the tears that threatened to spill, choking back the sobs, until you could hide them no more. Burring your face deeper, into your arms as you hiccupped at the force of his blows. He didn’t stop, each blow landing somewhere new, and you congratulated yourself on not having begged him to stop. At the first signs of his exhaustion, he stood, trailing the backs of his fingertips over each tenderised cheek. Before commanding you to kneel up, your bruised arse resting painfully against the balls of your heels. “You may pull your pants up now, have we learnt something today?” His fingers sought out your cheek, making you flinch as they touched you, brushing the hair back from your swollen and tear stained face. You looked a mess, and he forced you to meet his gaze, his cool and collect face, staring down at your puffy eyes. You nodded, unable to control yourself long enough to speak, whilst you covered yourself back up. “I don’t want you broken, my little soldier, though I may need to remould you to make you fit my plans for you. For now, all I need is your loyalty and I can take that through fear if it is the only option left to me.” You blinked in shock, at his admission that keeping you alive served a purpose for him. Your body submitting to a deathly cold wave, shivering violently at his suggestion that you would offer him anything but your hate. “I will never submit to you, or your kind.” He laughed, the same mocking lilt he had taken when he had brought you to orgasm in the chair. It unnerved you when he was anything but stoic, and this outright display of mirth at your discomfort had your shaking worsening. Hux cupped your jaw turning you to face him, slipping his thumb over your bottom lip, pressing down your tongue. “The wrong answer my little soldier. A little more helpless without your Zeltron traits to manipulate me, aren’t we?” Your words where garbled, but you pushed their meaning at him, along with your verbal reply. “I do have force ones.” If your tongue hadn’t of been depressed under Hux’s tongue you would have bitten it, you had just openly admitted to having some training. But surely they would surely know that, from Ren invading your mind? “Yes you do,” He seemed to consider your words before continuing. “before you even try that, allow me to warn you; Ren struggles to control me, and he is a much more powerful force wielder than you, he is actually trained.” You looked defiantly at him, you would be dammed if he thought this petty display of brute strength would brake you. He raised an eyebrow, the only indication of a change in his demeanour before he removed his belt. You gulped, aware that he was taking today as a personal insult against himself. “Would you like to apologise my little solider; beg for me to stop?” He folded the belt hitting it against the palm of his hand. “No?” He didn’t wait for a snarky comment, and to be fair you would have struggled to do so. Your mouth dry with fear, as he stood behind you once more. The belt wrapped your neck, both hands either side of it, bringing you sharply back against his upper thighs. You weren’t an idiot; you knew from your past encounters, that violence metered out towards you turned this man on. You didn’t need the evidence now, twitching against the crown of your head. You closed your eyes, wondering if his own had taken on that black look, if his pupils had swallowed them whole again as his voice came closer to your ear, dipped low. “Last chance.” You shook your head against his legs, clamping your teeth together, as your thighs mirrored the action. The spanking had sadly already had your body betraying you, both the fear and arousal this man was causing, was making your panties slick against you. You wouldn’t let that show, parting your thighs by millimetres. Aware that once he knew; it would just give him more control over this situation. The support his legs had offered was taken from you, as he took a step back. “Bend over.” Your body automatically went to smoothly obey, stopping yourself at a sudden worry that you would appear too eager. One way or another he would do this, it was best to appear unwilling for the touches, but willing to get the punishment over. The side of his booted foot found your ass, the force of the kick he gave you making your upper body jolt forwards. He kicked you a further five times, each one a swift way of calming down his own aggression before he touched you. His fingers wrapping the back of your neck, shoving you into the mattress uttering a warning to; “know your place prisoner” before he flicked his wrist, bringing the leather strap against your clothed ass. You knew you should have taken it as a kindness that he allowed you to keep your pants on, the thin material offering little actual protection, still hid the effects the pain was having on your body. It still stung, your renewed sobs turning to outright screams, echoing hollowly in the small bed chamber. Before long you where begging him to stop, all pride gone as the pain consumed you, all thoughts on stopping him from hitting you again. “Are you going to behave?” Your words came out rushed “Yes, please stop, please General, Sir.” “Good, one more to go then you will thank me for administering your correction.” You nodded, wiling to accede to any and all of his requests, if it would just make him stop. The final blow came. This time sweeping across your lower back, the tips of it catching your upper buttocks. You screamed your last, gasping for air, as he generously waited for your apology. He cleared his throat, making your aware it was taking too long. Quickly you pushed your boneless legs from your cot side, turning with little grace to grasp at his lower leg, garbling out your apology. You did your best to remain kneeling, but your weakened legs gave out on you, leaving you sprawled cowering beneath his feet as you waited to see if you had appeased. Leaning over to him, kissing at his boots in an attempt at appeasement at your behaviour. Hux bent over to grab the neck of your shirt dragging you by it to sprawl over the side of your bed. “You just can’t help yourself can you?” The distaste at your actions was obvious now. You blushed at the obvious sexual connotation, you hadn’t realised that he would take your actions as a further attempt at manipulating him. “I won’t, I didn’t, I don’t want.” You couldn’t quite work out what you had been trying to say, more safe to admit it had just been an attempt at appeasement. You were fearful that you would further anger him, his spanking both with his hand and belt had been quite extensive. His hands dipped up the grey dress you wore, dipping into the material at your waist, pulling them down exposing your cunt to him. “You weren’t what Private, trying to push me into another compromising situation with you?” You shook your head, this was unfair. You both knew you couldn’t help your bodies’ natural reaction to what he had just put you through. Your words sounded hollow, despite your promise to yourself you weren’t lying. “That’s fear General and we both know it!” “Is it?” He palmed your bottom, his glove soothing against the hot flesh, dipping around and under to cup your sex, rubbing the heel of his palm against your clit. “If it’s just fear then why are you practically riding my hand.” You froze, you hadn’t realised you had moved, his hand never letting up as you struggled to keep your breathing level calm. If you thought it wouldn’t betray further your discomfort at his taunting, you would have voiced your rejection of his claim. He replaced his palm with fingers, swirling them around in some complicated pattern, making it harder to resist the urge to moan out your approval. Instead he murmured his own against your ear; “Such control soldier.” His fingers slid effortlessly inside you, scissoring and scooping, collecting wetness, before trailing them back to your tiny puckered arse hole. You jerked against the restraint he held on you, as he rubbed those slickened digits against it, tiny circles pressing against your natural resistance. His voice held a minute amount of amusement at your predicament as he spoke; “but less so when it comes to the unknown.” Your struggles became more violent in their intensity, as he slid one finger inside you, the leather sinking past your ring of muscles, up to his final knuckle as he held it there, gripped tightly by your anal passage. “You’ve not done this before, have you.” You shook your head at what he was implying, the fullness in your ass making your pussy clamp into nothingness, eliciting a mirroring of your back passage. The control it must have taken him to stop his voice from cracking as he spoke, was betrayed only by the breathlessness of the rise and fall of his chest behind yours, as he knelt behind you. “Shall I take it, solider,” His finger languidly pumped your hole, the seams on his glove sawing against your smooth lining as he spoke. “shall I make this hole mine?” Beneath him you shook in both fear and desperation. You hadn’t ever even had your own fingers inside you, the thought that it seemed a dirty pastime always putting you off trying. Now as spit dribbled to join the wetness he had already placed there you mewled, this time unsure if it was in pleasure or discomfort, as he slid the additional digit inside you. His fingers stretched you almost to the point of pain, as he twisted his wrist, scissoring them to spread you open. You felt impossibly full, and the thought that any moment he would try to fit his cock in there awoke fresh struggles. “Please, don’t Sir, I, I,” He pulled both fingers from you cutting you off, as he pulled your torso back to his chest, the smooth wool of his tunic, scratchy against your tender bottom. He rutted against your crack, pulling apart the glowing globes to nestle his clothed cock between them. You took a gamble, using his honorific had always seemed to appease him in the past. “General Hux, Sir please don’t” Your voice broke on the final word, a plea spoken in earnest, to a man who you knew wouldn’t listen. Hot, heavy, tears stroked your cheeks as they fell in rivulets to bounce off your breasts. He wrapped one hand into your hair. Pulling your chin up to display your openly weeping face to him, the other snaking over your hips, pulling you tighter against his rolling hips. The normal sex you could handle, you’d experienced that before and knew what to expect. This other new torment he offered was unknown, and he had been right you did fear the unknown, with good reason wasn’t this supposed to be painful, shameful? “Without correct lubrication it would be too painful for both of us Private.” His words were breathless, timed to his thrusts against you. You couldn’t help yourself, you knew of only one way to get a handle on your fear. “You mean painful for you General.” Your voice was full of distaste and sarcasm at his obvious concern for himself. “No, both of us,” His reply completely shocked you, but far less than your own body’s response at warming to his movements. “It’s not meant as a punishment, the sex a reward for you baring it.” His fingers left your scalp in an odd moment of tenderness, tilting your chin towards him, his hips stilling. “I don’t need you broken, just compliant. You would enjoy it.” You lost all control at that, your vision turning red, you allowed the heat of your anger to wash over you. “Enjoy what, being fucked by a Xenophobic murderer!? What is it supposed to be a huge honour, to take your fucking cock!?” Jerking against him you stood briefly, towering over him at first, you went to hit him, before fear made you lower your ready raised arm. Shuffling back as he rose like a leviathan from the floor, he wasn’t built up to a mass of muscles like Ren, but something about the way he pounced at you, side swiping you to the floor terrified you. It would make you wonder how anyone could find the larger of the two men, the more intimidating of the two. He didn’t stop whilst you were down, reigning kicks, and later on punches to your curled up form. A clash alerted you to the opening door, and you peered back through your fingers. Ren stood there his had outstretched at the prone form of Hux, pushed up against the wall, his naked chest heaving in his obvious exertions. Behind him stood what you guessed to be one of his knights, he was small and lithe. His black mask trained firmly on you, rather than his masters who’s was firmly on Hux’s, his eyes dark with fury as he spat out each warning. “We both agreed to follow protocol, with this one.” His gaze swept to your thighs where your knickers hung loosely across them, and you gathered the protocol in question was for neither of them to touch you sexually. He allowed Hux to slide from the wall, and the man tugged his clothing back into place. Ignoring the purpling ring at his neck, to square up to Ren. “I will not have you question my methods Ren, the girl is my prisoner not yours.” If Kylo Ren was upset, he managed to keep it from his voice, moving to stand between you both. An odd show of compassion from your most hated enemy. “I am not questioning your methods General. Look at her, you lost control.” Behind him you tried to stand, your movements causing pain to snake through your body. Your ribs felt bruised, and you kept your breathing shallow, whilst you slid across, to crawl up onto your bed. The General was not going to back down to Ren. “You are a fine one to talk about control Ren, don’t your knights preach a lack of it?” You tried sitting on it, but each position just brought forth fresh pain from your bottom, too sore to bear anything touching it. Instead you stood once more, pulling your knickers up to hide yourself as the two men continued their pissing match. The third presence in the room, never taking their eyes off you. It was a defence mechanism you decided, the Knight of Ren would watch you whilst his Master displayed his vulnerable back to you. Hux stepped forwards to dodge around to you, and fearful that he would do you more damage, Ren moved to breach the gap. “No!” The order came from the Knight by the door, and though the vocoder on his mask hid most of the humanity, you gathered he was very young, and very upset at the General. His now obvious youth would explain his skinny frame. The lack of built up muscles, that his master openly displayed as proof of his training, must not have yet developed on the lad. “You gave me your words, you wouldn’t touch her.” Hux openly sneered at the knight, his words dripping with distaste, at the Knights suggestion that he had been about to have sex with you. “Why in all the known universe, would you think I would willingly put any part of myself, inside her for pleasure.” You choked back bile at his lie, both of you knew todays interaction had been heading that way. “Come off it you two, we both know that for her to manipulate her pheromones like that, she must have been sexually attracted to me to begin with, to both of us.” You had been, a chill running your scalp, at him voicing what you both knew this time to be the truth. It sickened you, that you could find a man, who subjected you to this attractive. But not as much as the suggestion, that you also found the man who had butchered your entire family, one way or another attractive. You felt hot and shaky, the room swaying around you, beneath you, your gripped the cot sheets tighter, determined not to appear weak before your captors. “But you were going to,” The smaller Knight stepped forward, his feet nimble in his progression towards Hux, and you realised that his movement, though smaller cleaner, than his Master would still be as dangerous. “weren’t you, General.” Kylo Ren’s brows raised at his knight’s admission, and you found it odd, realising that the Knight hadn’t been aware of your beating, or Hux’s treatment of you, himself. Now in front of you, the younger knight tilted back to look briefly at you, before returning his gaze to the General. Their stance wasn’t lost on you, both knights stood ready to defend you, should they need to. It was bizarre that it had come to this, you were being protected by your enemy. Across from them Hux preened, his stance mirroring the knights’, making you wonder what was so important about you, that both men would actively go to war over it. “Ren, we both agreed that she would need this type of punishment.” Ren’s jaw clenched, his sentence carefully picked. “General, we agreed; that should it need this level of punishment, we would both be present. For everyone’s safety.” “Yes but in this Ren, I know what is best for her.” Your guts gave up on you at this new knowledge, you had been wrong to assume the Master of the Knights of Ren offered you any security. Given the chance, he too would do to you what Hux had tried to, stupidly you had given into the hopes that he wouldn’t. You heaved, yellow bile spilling onto the white sheets, beneath you. All three men’s attention was turned back to you, as three sets of hands reached, to help you struggle off the bed. You evaded them all, falling onto your knees in your hurry to escape their attentions. A crack sounded, and you shielded your wrist, as you shuffled back from the pain of other injuries. Those pains a close second, as you cradled the limp appendages; your fingers shouldn’t have bended like that. “Back off.” The order came from the most junior member of the First Order’s crew, and surprisingly both the General and the Commander followed his orders. “She thinks you’re going to hurt her some more.” His mask turned to Ren, and you could sense the desperation in his voice. “Please Master Ren you promised.” The master nodded at his apprentice, his face turning back to yours, an arm outstretched, as he stalked forwards. You went to shuffle back, away from this approaching colossus, but your body locked into place, whether frozen by fear or Force, you couldn’t tell, until he dipped his arm under your leg. An overwhelming sense of languid tiredness, washing over you, as you fell back against the limb at your back, your entire frame lifted against him, as he strode from the room with you. Chapter 6 : Fulcrum You were back in the medibay. Kylo had placed you in the same side room as the last time Hux’s temper had sent you here. This time however, you were kept awake, whilst the medics assessed your condition. He had broken ribs this time, two of them had cracked under his hissy fit. Your fingers had been easier to mend, a simple case of putting them back into place before binding them together for support. You hurt, ached all over. Already darkening marks where appearing, on what had been almost unmarked flesh. The younger knight had been sent away, with Kylo Ren’s promises that he would look after you. Leaving you to wonder what the Knight’s interest in you was. They had against your wishes administered pain relief, the drugs of a high enough intensity to leave you feeling woozy. You hadn’t wanted them exactly for this reason, they left your brain unable to properly concentrate on what was happening. Another injection was administered, and patches applied where ever he had split skin with blows. “Bacta,” The Medic addressed the man in the corner, not you. Kylo Ren had taken his vow to his Knight seriously. He hadn’t left your side, not even when you had vomited more yellow bile onto his shoes. “it should lessen the healing time, on her ribs. Help close up the lacerations.” Finished he dropped the needle into a metallic bowl, stripping his gloves, to leave you once more alone with Ren. You wrinkled your nose at him, you had vomited again on him as he’d carried you here. Your head dizzy from Hux’s blows. Now the evidence shone a bright yellow against his sur-coat. “You should go change your robes, you stink.” He hadn’t even stopped to grab his mask, so great had been his hurry to get you medical attention. He rolled his eyes at you, pointedly ignoring your jibe. You huffed at his refusal to bite, the deep breath you had drawn to do so waking fresh pain in your side, making you grit your teeth. He called back the Medic, “She’s still in pain.” The man stood shaking beneath the Knights towering frame. “We cannot administer any more, Sir. The drugs will not completely stop the pain, unless we knock her out, which is unadvisable given the head trauma. There will still be some brake though Sir, despite the meds.” They both looked at you, and fearing they would insist you were to be given more sedatives you shuffled back, curling your body tightly around it’s self. Your drug addled brain making you forget the restraints at your wrist. “No,” The Knight’s reply was succinct, and as Kylo Ren approached you the Medic took it as his cue to leave. “You’re thirsty.” He held up a cup of water, and you hesitated to take it from him. “How, thoughtful of you. In my mind again Ren?” You spat out your reply, his name rolling off your tongue like it burned you, he was pure poison in your life right now. You couldn’t help but continue, as he calmly kept his offering raised to you. “I am not the enemy here (y/n).” It had been so long since you had heard your name spoken, not your number or the mocking pet names the General had given you. It sounded odd, rusty and you rolled it about in your head reclaiming each syllable. “Oh. So since you managed to avoid killing me as a child, and now as an adult, we should make a truce? Now that you’ve decided on keeping me alive.” You took the water from him, swigging it back to free up your drying mouth before continuing. “What is it Ren, do you have a master plan for me too, should I be honoured if you want to give me your fucking cock too?” For a slit second he actually looked shocked, his fists curling at his side. “I can see why the General considers you a handful, your mouth is truly filthy.” You smirked at him, or at least hoped that was what you were doing, your face felt a little numb. “I can see your precious General finding anything he can’t control a handful.” The man blinked for a moment, before throwing his head back in mirth. At first you assumed he was mocking you, until his eyes met yours. They danced with genuine amusement, and his voice lost its serious edge. “Yes, I suppose he does,” he moved closer, lowering his voice conspiratorially. “but I think he sees you as a special case.” Your lips curled back in a snarl, at his suggestion that with General Hux you were more than just a First Order prisoner, before a small whisper left you; “What will you do with me?” Realistically, you knew that there was little chance that his plan for you had been any different to that of the Generals, but you still wanted to know. A chair guided by unseen hands slid towards you, and Ren sat himself down on it. You looked across at him as he lowed himself to it. Even sat down, his shoulders where still level with your raised bed. He lounged against the chair back, this more relaxed Ren taking you by surprise. “My plans are irrelevant to those Leader Snoke has for you,” You shuddered at the man’s name, so little was known about him. Those who did know of him in the Resistance, kept their secrets well. “however, we could start by unlearning some Resistance lies.” You openly gawked at his words drawing breath to defend your beloved cause. “We can start first, with your assumption that I was ever trying to kill you.” You closed your mouth, but your eyes lit with fire at his lies. “I assure you it is not a lie. Had I of known who you were when we captured you, I would have had you treated very differently.” Your voice dripped icy, fury; “Get out of my mind Ren.” He sighed placing his head into his hands, rubbing his temples, before wearily continuing. “I haven’t been in your mind since we dream shared. Have you truly forgotten all of your training so quickly?” You blinked at him, this tired Ren so different from the one who had rode your mind as the General had tortured you for hours. Your brain brought forward a fresh resolve, you would still tell him nothing, you folded your arms across your chest. Childishly laying back, your mouth a firm line as you ignored him. It riled him, his gigantic frame stiffening, hands thrown up in defeat as he stood. “Gods I didn’t think it would be possible, but you’re more infuriating than she is. Wait there, I will have you discharged into my care.” You hadn’t meant to even reply, but you did your voice a churlish whine “I don’t want to be discharged into your care. Just make up your minds, either kill me or let me go. I will tell you nothing, I will give you nothing. I am useless to you all.” “No, you are not!” His hands hit the bed either side of your head, his face so close to yours that for a moment you debated spitting at him. Changing your mind at the last minute, the drugs suggesting that it would be a good idea to try and bite him. He jerked back, your teeth snapping against fresh air as you gave into your fury. You gave into both your fear and anger, legs kicking, nails braking against the clasps on your restraints as you fought to open it. You didn’t want to be alone with this murderer, he had killed your family, and done far worse to others. “Get a medic in here now!” The smaller knight stood at the door chest heaving in exertion. You gathered he had run here, frightened for his Masters safety. The Master of the Knights of Ren stood to challenge his knight’s order, yelling back an order “Get out! I told you to stay away, I will deal with this.” It was a direct order but the Knight ignored it entering the room, flanked now by the medics. Ren chose to momentarily ignore him, ordering for sedatives to be administered to you. One of the medics drew up a syringe, struggling to get a clear shot at you. Ren roared out an order for them to hurry up. Your wrist becoming bloody, both from the rubbing of your cuff and the biting of your nails against it. “Sir, I can’t, she’s moving too much. That is to say it could be dangerous unwise to.” He pulled out his sabre, activating it to point at the man. “I don’t care how unwise it would be, either get that needle into her, or I will make sure this goes into you!” Suddenly the apprentice knight snatched the needle from the man, nimbly swinging onto the bed to pin you down. His side pressed against yours, whilst he used his body weight to keep you pinned. He ignored the blows and scratches to his back, quickly plunging the needle through the material of your hospital gown, and into your upper arm. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” He chanted spinning around, to lay on the bed with you, his hands stroking your head, repeating his soothing mantra as the drugs took effect. You woke some time later, sobbing in residue agitation. You had been moved, the surroundings similar in their design to Hux’s quarters, yet different in their sparsity. The bed on which you were now laid was much larger than the cot bed Hux had given you. You were covered by a soft blanket, and you panicked as you realised you had been once again changed. ‘Don’t worry, I changed you.’ The voice in your head was strangely feminine; an odd contrast to the masculine figure sat on the end of the bed. Your head pounded, and you rubbed your fingers into the crook of your neck. You were sore, stiff and you wondered how long they had kept you under this time. ‘ Not long, the soreness is from Hux’s beating. Can you truly not remember anything of your past?” You looked around for the source of the voice, the Knight at your feet watching you constantly. A sad laugh sounded in your head, before the voice continued. ‘ How much did Master Ren show you? Do you not know who I am?’ It was beginning to unnerve you, the voice sounded friendly, caring. She seemed a sharp contrast to the monsters whom you had so far dealt with in the First Order. You looked down at the sheet covering your knees. Whom every she was, she had afforded you some respect in her clothing choices for you. The black clothing hung loosely off you, though you suspected that had you of been in better shape they wouldn’t have been so badly fitting. She had chosen clothing that for the first time in weeks covered you. A light weight pair of soft lounge pants covered your entire legs, coupled with a matching loose fitting, long sleeved t-shirt. A moments panic struck you that should either men discover, she was, was treating you with respect struck. Would she be punished for providing clothing, a place of security? Where you secure with this Knight standing guard? So far he hadn’t hurt you. A disappointed clucking sounded in your head, and you looked around you for the source of the voice, convinced she must be close. Across from you the Knight shook his head, and you drew back into a ball, fearful that he had discovered your hidden friend, that he was about to punish you. Your ribs screamed in protest as you flinched, and you stiffened ready for the blow, as the knight lifted his hands. Screwing your eyes closed in readiness for him to hit you too. “Do you recognise me now.” You had been too lost in your own terror to hear the disengagement of the helmets air lock. You opened your eyes now, looking over at the voices’ owner. Without the scrambling of the masks vocoder, the voice was obviously female, and matched the one inside your head. Your eyes mapped her features, she was familiar and yet, not; Her eyes where similar in shape to yours, thought the colour different. The square of her chin, the shape of her brows so close to your own, whilst there where obvious differences. Her mouth was fuller than yours, her complexion and hair colour dissimilar to yours. But it was there, like the ghost of a memory you couldn’t quite place. She shot you a sympathetic smile at your dilemma, you knew you should be able to place that face. But it was her presence that upset you the most. Kicking yourself that felt so memorable, yet you couldn’t place where from. She shot you another sad look, reaching to gently touch your hand. You flinched, unused to being treated with anything but contempt now. She withdrew her hand, and you felt saddened by the loss of contact, frowning down at where she had touched. “It’s your face. Or would have been if they hadn’t of changed it.” Of course it had been, you were all identical, it would have You spoke her name; it had been so long since you had thought it. It was old disused on your tongue but so familiar in the attachment it brought. “Adrianna” Then falling quiet as you pondered over all it meant. ‘ They? ’ You hadn’t realised that you had pushed your question at her, until she spoke back across the mind link. Her voice so raw, naked in this form that you couldn’t mistake the truth in her words. ‘ The New Republic forced them to change your faces. Ren rescued me before they could change me, they didn’t want us to remember each other. They lied to you (y/n).’ She pushed forwards a memory at you, her own version of the last ten years. It seemed neither she, nor Ren had been lying, the intention had never been to kill you. It showed Ren discovering her, miles from the ships wreckage, cradling her small body until the life support unit arrived. The memory of weeks of rehabilitation as he showed her fragile body how to work again. The years of force training, he had given her. The honour she had felt, when Ren named her his second in command. “Different from the monster the Resistance painted him as, isn’t he?” You couldn’t remember them ever having altered you, but then if they hadn’t why didn’t you still look alive. You frowned, aware that for her to have seen how you felt about Ren, she must have been searching your memories. Quickly she spoke, holding her hands up, palms facing you. “No, it’s not like that.” “What is it like then?” You had truly had enough of people robbing your mind for information, things that you didn’t want to share. “You project those thoughts at me, you’ve forgotten how to hide them from me. But I can teach you. It’s how I knew Hux was attacking you, I called Master Ren for help. I could sense what he did to you, and we’re sorry. The entire First Order is, if they had known then none of this would have ever happened to you” You were disgusted at her obvious admiration and loyalty to a man who had tortured you, physically and emotionally. “No, but you’d have still done it to the next poor sod!” “Isn’t that what happens in war? Can you say your Resistance would have been any kinder, if instead they caught me?” No you supposed the wouldn’t be, they would have stopped at nothing to get the information. There was far too much at stake in this galactic war to risk niceties. If she had of carried something as important as you did, they would have stopped at nothing, sunk just as low to get that information off her. Her voice was just as gentle as she continued, easing your previous worry. “I was off the base. Master Ren summoned me the minute he realised who you were. They promise you will be safe now, whatever your decision.” You shuddered as the tension left your body, choking back tears. Aware through the slowly repairing bond, that she had offered you not only a choice, but a friend. She leapt forwards a fraction of a click before your first sob broke. Cradling you as you wept, allowing all that had befallen you to pass over the bond. She shuddered as the memories where deposited, and you were aware through the link as she shushed you, stroking back your hair that she felt everything. When she told you she understood, she meant it. Not just in sympathy, but felt for herself your own self-loathing and revulsion at the two men, at your own body’s betrayal. “They have given me their words, that they will not touch you again. No one will.” “But neither will they let me go.” You punctuated through your broken sobs. “No (y/n).” She shook her head, saddned by her admission. “but you will be kept not as much a prisoner, but an honoured guest. That is, assuming you would still want to leave us.” You rubbed your face, looking for something to wipe your snotty and tearstained face on. Your sister stood, returning momentarily with some tissue. You wiped your face on it, blowing your nose, the realisation finally dawning on you; your sister. You gave a small laugh, and she smiled fondly down at you, her hands reaching for both of yours, dragging you up into a much needed hug. You clamped your arms around her, aware that even if she was the enemy, she was still your family. Family, now there was another term you hadn’t heard in a while, she laughed with you at this self realisation. You had found a piece of your missing past. “You’re hungry, and to be honest you smell. Lets get you in a shower.” You laughed at her honest appraisal of you, and the knowledge that she could sense both your unease at being dirty and your hunger. It felt like so long ago since you had last had a shower. She led you by both hands into a large marble shower unit, switching various leavers. Leaving you alone for the first time in what seemed to be forever. You couldn’t remember how long it had been since you hadn’t showered or bathed without Hux present. He had appeared daily to force you to strip, cold blue eyes watching as you bathed, in his refresher. He had also insisted on shaving you personally, paying particular attention to your intimate areas. It may have been to refuse you to handle a potential weapon, but had always felt so invasive. Surely he could have just let you not remove your hair, especially those guarding your sex. Whilst he hadn’t ever you injured you, never once breaking skin. The fear of him cutting you had always been there, it was most likely why he used an unguarded blade on you. You finished your personal care, wrapping the fluffy towel around yourself. Oddly having decided to use the fresh safety blade, removing the stubble forming everywhere he had shaved you. Applying the moisturiser, she had left to your chapped skin. The steam had fogged the mirror, and you lifted a corner of the towel to rub the silver glass dry, staring bemused at the haunted figure it held. You had lost so much weight, leaving your body far skinnier than when you’d left on your mission. Your face and shoulder where a mass of purple and red welts, bleeding into the occasional fading yellow mark. Your cheek and lip had split when he had slapped it, again. You were covered in his marks, memories of what he had done to you, reminders of how your body had reacted to his touch. Hux had beaten you; not just physically this time. The weeks of mental, and physical torture were nothing to what he had yelled at Ren during your last beating. He was right, and you sank to your knees in anguish at this new level of torment. The pain it awoke was crueller than anything either men had inflicted physically. You had felt something when Hux touched you, and despite your refusal to accept it before, you knew he was right and it weighed heavy, an iron weight at your heart. The pheromones could be produced only by attraction, yes it could be done purely on a physical level, that was what you had done with Ren. But with Hux, it had been more, it made his attraction to you harder to resist, yours had been deeper with him. Not a romantic attachment, you hated everything he stood for too much, but it was still an emotional one. And despite your struggles against him, you probably would have submitted to him fucking you. You hit your fist on the floor, as you lay curled up there, punishing yourself for your attraction to your enemy. She came to stop you hurting yourself, but you were too strong. Across the force bond she forced you to accept her love for you, trying to make you replace your own self-loathing with it. You were too disgusted with yourself to accept anything, pushing against her, trying to make her let you go; wanting to be left to your misery. She held you close to her throughout, waiting until you had exhausted yourself before trying to help you to the bed. Ignoring your feeble pushes to escape the unwanted, underserved affection. You were weak, your body weight a fraction of your former size, easy for her to fight off. But still not light enough to carry, she couldn’t lift you, instead that familiar black clad presence appeared. Between them they kept you covered by the towel, and he lifted you for her. You stiffened as he cradled you against his chest, carrying you into the bedroom, bundling you into the bedding, wrapping the fluffy layers around you; a fort against the world. You nestled deeper, ignoring your damp hair as it soaked the pillow. They sat down, each at a different side of you. Her at your face, him at your back, and you finally let her opinion of him override your own repugnance of the Jedi Killer. She shushed at your residue spasms, and you were amazed your body could offer more protests in this terribly exhausted state. “You should eat.” Her soothing brought you back to your surroundings, Ren must have left since he now held out a small tray to Adrianna. She took it from him placing it on a low table next to you, before she helped you to rise. You clutched the coverlet to your bare breasts, holding them in place as you reached for the steaming mug. You held it precariously in your hands, avoiding knocking it against your damaged fingers. You wanted to bring it to your lips, your stomach growled for the thin soup it contained, but you couldn’t bring yourself to drink it. Instead you replaced it, rolling back over onto your side. “Please (y/n), you need to eat something.” She pleaded with you. This time, pressing a dry cracker into your hand, pushing it to your mouth. You took a tiny nibble, chewing it more thoroughly than the brittle biscuit required. You ate it all at a compromise, refusing further nutrition despite your sisters’ gentle encouragement. Choosing instead to once more bury yourself under the blankets. You drifted in and out of sleep your dreams fractured, both from your fragile state and the drugs leaving your system. ‘ You dreamt for the first time of capture of Her. Taking comfort in the strength of her arms around you. You appeared in this dream state, the small broken child she had found the day she had rescued you from the crashed freighter. She lifted you onto her lap, wiped your tears as she gently rocked you, ran fingers soothingly over your scalp. “They know your alive (y/n), hold on, they will come for you. Hold strong, you can do this.” A tingling began at the base of your spine, and you knew a moment of pure, abject terror as a second, then a third figure joined your dream. Both clad in black, the second one the tall figure of Kylo Ren, the first the softer figure of your sister. You were lifted from your protectors’ lap, and she stood, placing herself between you and the approaching black menace. You could sense his fear of her as he approached, they were old adversaries, both aware of what the other could do, but she was older, far more disciplined, far more powerful here. She held out a hand to him, pushing him back, and he sank to his knees under the weight of her Force shove. She pushed again, and he dematerialised, disappearing from your dream. Leaving just the three of you. She turned to your sister, speaking her name in a simple greeting, allowing her to stay as she assured you not to panic. “You have not given me away; I have chosen to let him see me. Let them see who protects you. Do not let yourself be seduced easily, hold fast to your beliefs.” The dream was fading fast; she spoke again to you a warning of sorts to look for something. But you couldn’t make out her words, her hands reaching for you trying to anchor you here. The last word shoved into your mind, a force command to look to Search .’ They both hovered over you as you woke, and you shrunk under their forms. Ren looking wide eyed, for the first time terrified at you, as he stepped back. Adrianna reaching to reassure you as he yelled at you, his voice breaking in terror. “Her! She’s supposed to be dead!” You sensed something else as he fled, anger, betrayal. Leaving you alone to dress before, answering your sisters questioning. Chapter 7 : Dustoff Summary: The blood of The Covenant is thicker than the water of the womb. Notes: Thank you so much for all the encouraging notes, and Kudos. It takes a lot for me to put this out here, I worry too often that somethings aren't right, or don't read correctly. (stupid anxiety) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You couldn’t help but gain a sense of pride at his fear; even if it wasn’t you, who had directly caused it. He knew now that she had sheltered you all these years, knew who would be organising your rescue mission, and you revelled in his fear of her. This time you let nothing back, screamed your challenges out at him as he left the room. Her touch against your mind bringing fresh resolve to fight, you followed him, reaching for the tray throwing it at him as he left. But the heat of his defeat faded quickly when left alone with Adrianna, she couldn’t understand you, your abject hate at the man. You couldn’t understand her, the empathy she had for this thing, this creature, you wouldn’t call him human. She went to follow him, pausing at the bedroom door. Torn between following her Master, and staying with you. In the end you won out, although from the odd cant of her head; you wondered if Ren had used telepathy to tell her to stay put, to guard you. You rounded on her the second the door closed, but she was the one to speak first her challenge met yours, her eyes blazing fire. “Who is she (y/n)?” Adrianna was worried; her Master had fled the room, ran at the mere ethereal spectre of your guardians’ dream-self. The only logical thought process was for her to fear also, what threatened one knight threatened them all. But you were furious with her betrayal of you, without her, Ren wouldn’t have even known. “You let him in. He wouldn’t have even bothered trying to see that dream, if you hadn’t of shown an interest. Couldn’t you have left me something to keep from him!” Yes, you had been told not to worry, that there was no longer any need to hide her from Ren. But you worried now. If Adrianna had led him into this dream sharing, what else could she inadvertently betray, would she be able to find the link between what you carried, and whom you had tried to hide. “He is trying to protect you for me, can’t you see it? He saved you from Hux, what he was about to do, there is a reason he checked. He wanted to make sure I was okay, that I didn’t further need his help.” “Protect me from what? The woman who had to finish raising me, because he destroyed everything. The woman who sheltered me, gave me purpose again?” “WHO WAS SHE (Y/N)!” It broke your heart to have found her, and then be arguing like this. Taking a deep breath, you relented. Reasoning that you had been taught calmness, despite declining Jedi training there were still benefits to being Force-sensitive, even if you were not Force-adept. Calmed down you could consider your options, it was pointless not telling her, after all Ren himself knew, it could do no more damage. He would probably tell her anyway, surely it was better for her to hear it from you, before he could turn what you said to his own agenda. Now the connection between the two Jedi, even if made by Ren wouldn’t matter, only two people could open the information stored in you. Ahsoka Tanner, who had sent you, and Luke Skywalker, the intended final recipient, the person your final contact was supposed to lead you to. You took a deep breath sighing, as you sat down on the bed.” “Her name is Ahsoka, she was an agent for the Rebels. She disappeared some time during the Rebellion. She was the woman who found me when we crashed on Nyriaan.” “He’s frightened of her, isn’t he, is it because she’s not human? Why, without meeting her is she frightened of her?” “Not being an actual human doesn’t make someone evil Adrianna, what the hell have they been teaching you? Some of our closest friends were non-humans. He’s frightened because Ahsoka Tanner was Anakin Skywalkers’ apprentice. She is, was, a powerful Jedi.” You were cross, “A Jedi, but they’re all gone.” You rubbed your eyes, you had been running on adrenaline, and your body’s reserves for weeks. This fight was taking so much out of you, emotionally, and physically. You needed to explain but there was so much, years of information to pass over and you didn’t want all of it getting back to Ren. “Look you remember who Ren was, you remember the boy, Ben Solo?” She nodded and you steadied yourself for the worst, she wasn’t going to like this. “His Grandfather was Darth Vader; the man Anakin Skywalker became. Ahsoka was Anakin Skywalkers apprentice, Ben Solo’s grandfather, and at one point an actual Jedi trained by the Old Order.” The penny seemed to drop at that and she sat down with you. “So is that why the First Order is forbidden from mentioning his real name, the connections to the Jedi Order, to the old ways?” “Yes, did he not tell you all this? Adrianna, look, how can you blindly follow a man who keeps so many secrets?” “I do not blindly follow anyone (y/n), have you forgotten he was my saviour, just as much as this Ahsoka , was yours?” You’d had it with it her blind devotion to a man who was clearly using her for her force power, and for her to speak that way about woman who had practically been your surrogate mothers. To say her name in that tone, with such distaste, made your hackles rise in challenge. You spoke now honestly, not caring that everything you said to her would probably be repeated back to Ren. On the contrary you hoped your opinion of him would be reiterated to him, perhaps he was listening now. “Adrianna, he is a monster, how can even stand to look at him, he killed our parents, butchered our brother, and that’s not to mention what happened to Keeva. Or have you forgotten your other sister? She’s missing because of him, if not dead!” Her eyes narrowed in warning and her tone dropped at your assault on her precious Master Ren. “We both know she’s alive (y/n), we would know if she was dead. We just don’t know where she is, but we can find her. For all we know the Resistance probably has her and has been hiding her too.” “I am with the Resistance Adrianna, I would know if she was there, we know nothing about her whereabouts, that’s the point! All we know for definite, was that our parents died, to keep us away from that man! The man that you now blindly follow.” You couldn’t believe her, this subjugation to Ren was too much to bare. Neither of you owed him anything, he had caused the crash when he had pulled back the shuttle. If he had really meant you no harm then he would have just let you go, bargained for your help when you were older, not slaughtered your family like nerfs. “Our parents they were Sith, don’t you get it (y/n) we were never the innocent party?” Your eyes grew wide at this, never the innocent party? You were children for heaven’s sake, how could you, or any of the others be guilty, be seen as an accompaniment to that genocide. “No, they weren’t Adrianna, they never fully turned, plus they renounced the Dark side when they joined with Master Skywalker, we all did and that was supposed to include you.” You needed her to see sense, to listen to your reasoning. Her eyes looked normal, but you could sense anger, hate, fear, things the new Jedi Order had tried teaching you to avoid. She was right that you had all been raised as dark side users, your parents needed to make you quickly able to look after yourselves. Your parents had escaped together as Master and Padawan, after Order 66, had been executed. Eventually falling in love, forsaking their Jedi code. Your parents had never wanted to turn Dark, but reasoned with you later than fear for their children’s safety had led to the Dark-side. Raising your brother in exile, you three, you had come a little later in life. Their reasoning that having offspring, Force-adept children was essential to continue the Jedi Order. It was their drive to protect that offspring, that drove them further away from the Jedi path. The Dark side was far easier to master, and in a galaxy where Jedi were hunted all but to extinction you all needed protection and quickly. They had returned to the Light-side when Vader was defeated, you had been so young then, barely more than babies, and it was far easy for you to learn light side abilities. Less so for your older brother, who had to unlearn so much. Many Jedi had come out of hiding to join the New Jedi Order, to assist in its infancy. Not all, of course, or else Ren would have known about the woman who finally raised you. “They agreed to revolt with Master Ren, they agreed to join him, to help. They refused to join him and the Knights of Ren at the last minute.” You paused in your thoughts, so much didn’t add up about her story. She claimed that your parents would have joined in the purging of the New Jedi Temple with her Master. But you couldn’t see them willingly slaughtering potential force users. She also claimed you had been surgically altered, but you had no memory of that ever happening, or a likely event where it could have happened. But your sister wasn’t lying in her belief that you had been altered. No Adrianna had been certain she still held her original, untouched face, and somehow you knew she was right. Aside from the subtle differences time would have wrought, hers was how your face should have looked. ‘Let him show you, please (y/n) he doesn’t lie, they betrayed him.’ Even if she wasn’t speaking into your mind you realised that she wasn’t lying to you. ‘We were promised to his order, all of us. Even then the New Republic was corrupt, the New Jedi Order followed it in blind devotion. We risked making the same mistakes as the Old Order, it had to be done, no one would listen.’ Her devotion to Ren was absolute in its blindness, there was no way of shaking her from the path that had been chosen for her. ‘ He killed his own Father, Adrianna. There is no honour in him, he does nothing that doesn’t share his own vile agenda.’ ‘ He saved me!’ It was there, painted between the cracks in her devotion, binding them closed. The cement that closed the gaps in her belief; she loved him. Her head hung, and you sensed her shame at you knowing, she had kept it to herself for so long. “He doesn’t know; you mustn’t tell him ever.” You looked at her amazed, how could he not know. He was a powerful force user, surely it had to be this obvious to him too. She kept pleading with you not to tell him, clearly more than just embarrassed at the thought of him finding out, afraid too. You shook your head at her, at everything. You had only just found her, and already she was slipping through your grasp. How could she fall in love with the one person you abjectly hated, a man with enough Force-power to crack open minds, then assume he honestly didn’t know. You rolled your eyes, was blood really thicker than water? “I won’t tell him Adrianna, but that isn’t to say he won’t find out if he looks.” “He won’t, you know how to put up walls yes?” You shook your head, “No, I can maintain one someone puts in place, but I can’t erect my own, I didn’t learn and besides he would just assume I was hiding something important from him, it wouldn’t work.” She pursed her lips, eyes narrowing at you. “Did you learn nothing under this great Jedi? Look, I can teach you. It might not work if he pushes against them, but he has no reason to search for this information, no reason not to trust me.” It was obvious in her reply; she would betray him by teaching you this, she didn’t have permission to teach you anything. But her desperation at not being found out was such that she would make this compromise. She would teach you to put up walls, but to ease her guilt, she would not show you how to make them strong enough to defeat her Master. She took a deep breath sighing, as she moved to the floor to sit crossed legged, patting the space opposite her. “Come, sit down. You remember how to meditate don’t you?” You followed her example, sitting crossed legged on the floor opposite not happy about this. You had chosen not to continue your training all those years ago but your guardian had taught you some useful techniques those that could be useful to lean. You had avoided this one, it needed a higher level of telekinesis than you were adept at. But then there had been no urgency in learning, the walls Ahsoka put up were more than sufficient, now more knowledge would be safer than non. She closed her eyes palms up, and you mirrored her, relaxing as she guided you. “It’s simple, all you have to do is imagine the thought you wish to hide, then imagine building a wall around it, give it a go.” You closed your eyes, breathing deeply, remembering from your training as a youngling how to will yourself to calmness. A sudden thought flickered through the bond, of your future, and you frowned, pushing it aside, you would dwell on that later. Instead you concentrated on her suggestion that you learnt this now to protect her. Knowing that the real reason you needed these walls building, was to protect yourself. ‘ Protect yourself from what (y/n) I have told you, you are safe here, no one will hurt you anymore. Master Ren gave his word.’ You both spoke through the Force-bond, allowing not just the words, but their feelings to pass through also. ‘If we are so safe, then why are you so frightened of Ren finding out you love him.’ You sensed it then, before her reply. Her fear came from rejection and something else, a fear of reprisal. ‘ Why would he reject you, are attachments forbidden in your Order of Ren also?’ ‘No, leader Snoke is not so stupid not only it is imperative we produce more force sensitives, to continue the First Orders Legacy, but from attachments comes passion, the fuel of our Force-abilities. No it is because Hux would forbid it, if I survived long enough to offer myself to him.’ You frowned at this new bit of information, the bond echoing your puzzlement. ‘Him and Hux are lovers, couldn’t you guess?’ Your bowels turned to ice, the information flitting across the bond quicker than you intended, too quick to stop your thoughts from being shared. You now knew why Hux had been so upset when he had found Kylo alone with you, the day he had fucked you. Hux feared Kylo forming alternative attachments. But then where did that leave his obvious attraction to you. ‘That’s impossible, Hux would never allow it. For himself, yes but not Lord Ren, he is devoted to Hux.’ You opened your eyes, both of you looking at one another. She knew of course both men had been intimate with you, but you hadn’t share the exact details. Too ashamed to think about it graphically you had just let her know you had been tortured. But you hadn’t gone into details, not wanting her to see what you had lowered yourself to in your attempt at escape. You had let her know it had been sexual at time’s but had refused to think about it around her. This new information fed back to her along with your new perception threw her, shaking her steadfast belief, that the Knight had genuinely preferred men. “That’s impossible.” She yelled, quickly standing to face you. “He’s said himself, he has never been with a woman, nor ever wanted to.” You both knew she fooled herself, that there was no way in that sharing you could have lied. The bond shared everything, all emotions. You tried resending the memories, not to hurt her, but to make her understand. You needed her to believe you, to tell her it wasn’t your fault, that you had done what you had to do to survive. Instead she rounded on you again, her walls slamming up quickly, leaving the bond closed as she yelled. “How is what you did, any better than their treatment of you?!” She backed off towards the entry door, hand reaching for the control panel. You pleaded with her to stay, to not leave you alone, to forgive you. Instead she turned back at you, shoving you away sneering at your prone form. “Keep away from me (y/n), and stop playing the victim, they appear to have done nothing you didn’t ask for.” You were left gasping for air as she left, the door sealing you into the room, your body wreaked with shuddering tearless sobs. You couldn’t breathe, you felt like you had been punched, your body going into a state of panic at her words, your heart pounding in your ears. Not only had your last protection against these men disappeared, but if she didn’t believe you hadn’t wanted it to happen, then who would. You couldn’t expect the Resistance, anyone to believe you, if your own flesh and blood didn’t. The room spun, and you shakily tried to make it back to the refresher, you needed water, anything to help cool you down. You made it to the sink, shivering violently as you tried to turn on the taps, your body was both burning hot and freezing cold. Sweat drenched you all over, making the glass slip from your hands as you held it under the running water. It shattered, and you tried desperately to pick shards of it, safely out of the way so you could drink from the tap instead, cutting your hand in the process. You were not squeamish. But the sight of the open wound, of your blood, on top of everything made you woozy, your legs buckling under you, eventually giving out. You would have fallen then, if strong leather clad hands hadn’t of caught you. The Jedi-killer had returned, his presence adding another layer to your panic attack. He stroked your face, tossing aside his helmet to look at you, through sorrow filled, dark eyes. He placed your hand against your chest enabling you to feel the rise and fall of your lungs, his voice instructing you to breath to feel as your body successfully took in air. Your mouth was so dry, and sensing you still needed water, he pinned you to the sink, using his hands to try and cup water into you. It didn’t work, the angle all wrong and your mouth unable to steady its self to drink. Ren placed you on the floor, your legs still like rubber, turning frantically try and paw you water. You hadn’t noticed the other man until then, he calmly stepped forwards, ordering Ren to lift you up to him. He did supporting you from behind as Hux proceeded over to the sink. He took a mouthful from the tap, then stepped forwards, tilting his head. to dribble the water into your open, waiting mouth. It was messy, water spilling over your chin, but it was the most effective method. Hux repeated the process, this time his lips sealed to yours, ensuring a more efficient passage of fluids. You swallowed, his soft lips moulded to yours, your breathing settling, whilst the tempo of your heart now beat fast for another reason. He repeated the action a further two times, before your declined the third mouthful. He swallowed, his lips shiny from the water and your shared saliva, taking hold of both your arms. Careful not to touch your bloodied hand as he pulled you swiftly from Ren’s hold to his. He reached for a wash cloth, wrapping the synth-cloth around your cut hand as a makeshift bandage. His arm hooked under your legs the other supported your lower back as he lifted you to carry you from the room. Hux ignored Ren’s protests, his small paddy, that you stay here with him, in his quarters, instead proceeding through the mans’ living quarters, and out into the ships corridors’. It was surreal to be escorted so securely through what had always been a torture process in its self. The troopers and petty officers, that would have before tormented you, stepping aside to let their General pass. Ren following behind, arguing that you were his responsibility, that he had promised his knight to keep you safe. You shuddered at that, realising the Commander had intended to keep you his prisoner instead, unsure if for a moment the Generals’ grip on you stiffened. Did he really fear Ren actually did want you? Hux paused for a moment, looking down at you cradled in his arms, offering you the choice of which man to stay with. You studied his face, searching for any clue in his offer to let you choose your prison. But if there was a hidden meaning you couldn’t find it behind those ice-blue eyes. You hid your face in his neck, wrapping your arms around him in a definitive gesture. You would much rather take your chances with General Hux than Kylo Ren. You dug your face deeper into his neck at the activation of the Commanders’ sabre. Flinching as you heard it hit he durasteel walls, holding your breath against the smell of molten metal. The General sighed, stepping away from the carnage Ren wrought. Never faltering in his steps nor answering any more of Ren’s demands, as he carried you off. Notes: I have added chapters, all my stuff has working chapters on my computer. I worried that the last chapter title would give too much away, I think only one person guessed. Though their guess was back at chapter one. Now I don't know whether or not to add her to the tags, I didn't to begin with because it gave too much away, now I'm not sure if it would spoil it for new readers? Chapter 8 : Reconnaissance Once you reached his quarters, he refused let you go, holding onto you, until he reached his own bedroom. Depositing your now shivering form, onto the end of his meticulously made bed. You were so weary, the panic attack you’d suffered, followed by the stress of Ren’s argument with Hux, leaving you beyond tired. You’d been deserted, by your sister and you wouldn’t go begging for her forgiveness. Your body couldn’t control its temperature, nor would it let you shut down to sleep off your exhaustion. It was all too alert to the possible threat; the man that paced the room with you. He reached first for a wool blanket, messing up his immaculately made bed, to wrap the thick nerf wool, around you. If you weren’t so worn out, you would have shoved him away, refused his attempts to help you settle. All you wanted was for him return you to the cot bed he kept for you, somewhere you had been starting to think of as your own space. Not for him to lean over you, pushing back the hair from your face. The exchange between Ren and Hux had been odd, even for them, it confused you how they had bickered in front of you, knowing you would use that against them. Not as much as it was unnerving to you, that you didn’t know what each man wanted from you. Despite the arguments they seemed to have around you, it was impossible for you to make out any personal plans concerning you. And with Adrianna disappeared, it was looking bleaker for you. Hux’s hand at your shoulder made you jump, it slid unlimitedly down your arm. You were too weary to fight him as he stroked it, instead you allowed him to rub the nerf-wool against you, a failing attempt to rub warmness back into you. “Let me see it.” The hand at your arm slid lower, to grasp your wrist, and making you gather, he meant the cut to your palm. You hesitantly held it out to him, your fingers still curled loosely around the wash cloth, he had wrapped it in. He gently removed his makeshift dressing, taking your cut hand in his, turning it into the light to study you palm. It wasn’t a particularly deep cut, but it was long and it throbbed in pain, but in the grand scheme of everything it was nothing. “I don’t think; it will warrant sutures. But I need to clean it.” He left you briefly, returning from the refresher with a small metallic tin, and bath sheet. Looking expectantly down at you. You blinked, realising he had been talking, fearful as he lowered to his knees, before you. There should be repercussions for ignoring him, and you dreaded to think what his next punishment would be. He scowled decisively, before putting down the box. “Your too cold, the dressing can wait. I need to warm you up quicker than this. Can you make it to the refresher?” You pulled the blanket tighter around you, that was not at all what you were expecting. This kinder Hux, was not what you were used to, at all, and it shook you. This whole set up did, whilst Hux had left you in his living quarters before, he had never allowed you into his bedroom. You’d never even seen inside it, Hux always kept the door to it closed. You blinked vacantly at him, hesitant that it was going to be necessary again for you to strip. It wasn’t the nakedness; he’d seen you like that so many times. No, it was the need to willingly bare yourself before him. But Hux was right, you couldn’t warm up, the tiredness ebbing away at your body heat. The shivering alone, was gruelling, adding to your already well fatigued state, making it harder to stop. Your breathing became faster, as you realised he would punish you for your hesitance. Your tired body began building up against another reserve of adrenaline, another battle you would lose if not settled. Without warning he slapped you, not as unpleasantly as other times, but enough to snap you out of your blossoming panic attack. “Get out of those clothes, solider.” He spoke as an order; one he wouldn’t hesitate to give to one of his own men. Your cheek stung, his intention was to stop your shivering, and he knew his soft talking wasn’t working. So instead he didn’t give you any options, taking that control from you. Your fingers couldn’t manage to get a proper hold on anything, so he started to help you. Sliding off the thin shirt and trousers you wore, leaving you in just the soft sleep pants, your sister had gifted you. If he looked away from your face, you never noticed it. Whilst you didn’t look directly at him, you kept him within your peripheral vison, his head never dipping beyond your neck. You wrapped your arms over your naked chest, doing your best to preserve what little modesty you had left. Satisfied that your breathing was settled, enough to move you without triggering more anxiety, he pulled you swiftly to your feet. Lifting your arms to wrap the towel neatly around your torso, before leading you into the refresher. The room contained very little in the way of luxuries, a smooth, polished stone surrounding, held a sink, toilet and shower. He left the door open, but stood between it and you, making you back off into the shower. He waited expectantly for you to remover the towel, before huffing, and started to strip off himself. You froze, not wanting to willingly to have him appear naked in front of you. You had yet to see him naked, and found the prospect of this more alarming, more intimate than when you had sucked his cock. That had been only to further your chances of escape, you hadn’t had time to consider your pride at that point. Something in the way he behaved with you now made you falter, it was so personal for you both to be naked, exposed to one another. But his expression was too unreadable, did he take care of you, because you were a useful acquisition, or because of Ren’s promise to Adrianna? That was if she even still cared enough to still insist on their promised protection. You were painfully aware now, of Adrianna’s words to you now as he tried to climb under the spray, with you. Would he take getting into the shower with him, in the same way as your attempts to placate him had been. He gave another sigh of frustration, outright commanding you move aside to let him get into the waiting shower with you. The water was warm, the steam pluming between you both, as he firmly tugged you forwards to him, positioning you under the stream of warm water. He didn’t order the towel removed from you, until it was soaked through and too heavy to hold up. The fabric fell against the stone, with a loud slap, making you wrap your arms over yourself defensively again. The water hit hard against your goose fleshed skin, the heat and tempo of the water, oddly soothing on your broken ribs and bruises. He let the water sooth your aching muscles, before reaching for the soap. Lathering it between his hands, to smooth it over your naked form. His fingers were strangely soothing, firm on your muscles, but gentle where they touched broken or bruised skin. When he came to your panties, you were given no option, but to allow him to remove them from you, his damp hair brushing your hip as he dipped low. You dared not resist him, in this letting him clean you thoroughly afterwards, even these more intimate areas. His fingers grazed your pubic mound, drawing your unwilling attention back to where he was touching. “You prefer this shaved?” He was clearly referring to you having re-shaved your sex, he had insisted you allow him to keep it that way whilst under his watch. It had started to itch the other day, so it had felt easier to remove it once more, figuring it wasn’t worth the irritation. “You’ve missed a bit; would you like me to get it?” He’d already reached for his razor, so not wanting to displease him, you nodded your permission. More used to this this side of Hux now, it intrigued you. Making you want to please him, to see more of this gentleness, more of him as a human being. Cleaned and removed of anymore hair Hux had found, you stood much warmer now, as you were led from the shower. He wrapped a fresh towel around you, then wrapping a smaller one around his waist, he led you back to his bed. He sat you down again, turning to pull clothing from his draws, dressing himself before handing a vest and pair of his underwear over to you, with instructions to dress. Still keeping your arms wrapped around yourself, you faltered at this fresh order, you didn’t want these scanty clothes, you wanted back the clothing Adrianna has given you. But more important was the need to please the General, your body was riddled with reasons not to upset him again. “Thank you Sir.” His eyes softened at you, turning to close the door behind him. Rewarding you for you good behaviour, by leaving you to dry and dress in privacy. You dressed yourself in his oversized underwear and vest top, doing your best not to set off the pain in any of your other injuries. He returned, carrying a tray with him. He knelt before you, ordering you to lift up his vest, so he could access your injured ribs. He opened the box next to you, that he had placed there earlier. Removing several items from it, laying them out on the bed next to you. He opened first a small metal canister, assessing your side before applying strong smelling, thick, unguent to it. Whilst it hurt to have it applied directly to your broken ribs, you soon felt it’s warming soothing effects easing the pain. He reached again for the assortment at your side, warning you as he took you palm into his hands. “This will sting.” If you had of been more yourself, you would have laughed at his, forewarning. When had General Hux, ever been bothered about causing you pain? As it was all you could manage was a, deep breathed hiss. It triggered the pain in your side again, pulling back open the split to your lip. He dabbed your lip with the same antiseptic wipe he had used on your hand, before placing a small dressing over the cut to your palm. Hux tenderly smoothed the edges of it flat to your skin, sealing the dressing to your skin. “Fear makes us irrational.” Your brow raised in oddment, it was an odd choice of words. Did he refer to your fear of him, of the First Order and what it could do. No, something in the set of his jaw made you stop, at that line of thinking. It was something else, almost an apology, but for what? You? He seemed to speak, not of your fear of him, of what he had done to you, but of his own fear, of what? He helped you smooth back the under-shirt you wore, before reaching for the other object. Still kneeling, he held out a steaming mug of what smelt like soup. You hesitated to take it from him, you should be hungry, ravenous, but the idea of taking food from him unnerved you. “Ren would like you to returned to him, and ordinarily I would agree. Your Force-sensitivity would make you a useful addition to his Knights, however I don’t think you would ever accept his authority, even in fear.” He was absolutely right, there was no way you were going to serve under Ren. Hux paused, frowning, at your hesitance to take the soup, forcing the mug into your hands. He wasn’t aggressive, or pushy with his actions, just precise. “Drink it, your body needs the nutrients.” You couldn’t bring yourself to drink the liquid, you sniffed at it reminding yourself that he was right, you’d been too long without food. It contained a thin watery broth hesitant still, as Hux slowly guided the hands holding the liquid up to touch your lips. You should have been hungry; you couldn’t remember the last time you had actually eaten a meal. But there in might be the problem, your body had forgotten what hunger was. “Drink it!” This time it was an order, and you flinchingly obeyed, your stomach only able to handle half of the mug before it started to protest. He gave a growl of warning when you tried to put the mug down. “All of it.” You nodded, eyes wide with protest at his gruff tone. But you drank the rest, taking small even sips of it, before he could get mad at you. His lip twitched when you showed him the now empty cup, his eyes warming slightly in amusement at you. “Good girl, can you manage one of these.” Your stomach was already complaining, strained by the soup. But given the look he gave you when you took the dry biscuit off him, you would try and eat twenty of them, no matter how uncomfortably full you felt. You took small bites, forcing yourself to swallow them, whilst watching for another look of approval from him. “You did well,” He wiped crumbs from your thighs, before rising to his feet. “now you need to rest.” You nodded standing flexing your legs, ready to walk to your chamber. He was right you needed to rest, either it was, very late, or else very early, by your estimate. You took a hesitant step, hoping the room wasn’t still in the same state, you had left it in before. You were stopped in your tracks by his hand clasping your wrist, and he tugged gently leading you back towards his bed. “That room, it is not suitable.” He had already uncovered the bedding, so it was a simple case of sitting you down. It seemed very unlike the fastidious man, to leave your cell a mess, he couldn’t tolerate any disorder. Either the room should have been cleaned and tidied, or else he would have deliberately left it, for you to sleep amongst your own filth. Putting you here to sleep, in his bed was not what you were expecting. “You’re thinking?” His voice was conversational, not probing for an answer. He reached for a medicine pot, handing over to you, it contained a single pill to you. You shook your head at the unfairness of it all, all this kindness, then this; more drugs from the General. You knew your body could tolerate a far higher level of drugs, than the average human. But what was it all doing to you. Against your will your eyes filled, voice cracking as you took the pot from him, hoping the drugs were just a tempory way of controlling you. “Will I be returned to my cell tomorrow” “I said, it is no longer suitable for you,” He fished inside the pot taking out the tablet, holding it between finger and thumb, to your mouth expectantly. “you will be staying here with me.” “It’s another sedative, isn’t it?” Your tears spilled, your voice dropping to a whisper, it wasn’t really a question, both of you knew exactly what it was. You never had these before, but you weren’t an idiot. There was no way the General would risk letting you escape, or worse attack him in his sleep. You knew your plea would fall on deaf ears, but you couldn’t help yourself, you had to try. “Please General, no more drugs.” “It is necessary.” “It isn’t; I haven’t tried to escape again. I promise I won’t attack you again, it’s pointless now.” You didn’t lie, you didn’t know how to escape, where to go if you managed it. You couldn’t leave Adrianna to these monsters, you needed to somehow, get her to leave with you. He nodded, and you opened your mouth allowing him to place the tablet on your tongue. He held a beaker to your lips, you took a mouthful, opening your mouth for him, to show him you’d swallowed the pill. “Good girl, you did well.” You no longer fought the warmth that spread when he complemented you on a job well done. Was it really worth worrying about feeling good, about pleasing your captor. It would make life living with him more bearable for you surely, and could only aid towards earning your escape. You lifted up your legs, tucking them under the blankets. Rewarded with him stroking his thumb over your cheekbone, after he had covered you up. “Now sleep.” You lay on your side, facing away from the other side of the bed. You were expecting him to climb in the other side. Instead he remained sitting next to you, and you felt the weight of his gaze even with your eyes closed. You knew better than to fight the sedative, and even without it you would have been tired enough to sleep. All the drug did was ease you faster into that fuzzy warmth, your only escape from the torment. You didn’t dream, but you woke well rested. Your side was stiff again, with disuse, but better than the other day, your breathing was freer, though stretching was still completely out of the question. You pulled your knees up to you, you knew not moving would only make the recovery longer. It pulled against your chest muscles, but in a good way. The muscles tight, the pain less sharp. The bed at the side of you had obviously been slept in, the sheet ruffled, a single red hair on the pillow. You’d been too out of it on the drugs, but Hux must have crept in next to you whilst you slept. How long had you been out of it, had he left early, or had you been allowed to sleep a long time? Your bladder felt full, and you stood to use the refresher, noticing the cuff as you swung your legs from the bed. It wasn’t obtusely obvious, a lightweight not overly thick band wrapped your ankle. Attached to it was a lightweight, but if Hux was anything to go by, a very durable metal chain. But it was yet again, another reminder of your imprisonment. Something else of the First Order you didn’t want attached to your body. The chain was long enough to reach into the refresher, and you walked towards it slowly. The chain not really impeding your movements, just your mood. Finished you washed up, returning to the bedroom. You were wondering what to do with yourself, when the door opened. The General stood at the threshold, you pointed to your ankle ready to demand answers. He could read you like a book, even without Ren’s mind probe trick. His brow raised in warning, to you and you dropped the attitude, well some of it. “I suppose you’ll only hurt me if, I don’t” You both knew you referred to his silent warning, to have you calm down and you didn’t dare say any more. Already your hackles were rising in irritation, and you did not trust yourself to keep your tone civil. It was safest to sit down, and wait on him. Hopefully he would tell you why this thing was around your ankle. He bent to unclip the chain, folding it into a neat pattern on a hook, where it was attached to the wall. It was all too much, he was taking too long about the task, his movements almost deliberately timed in their slowness to vex you. “Am I to be treated like an animal General, collared and chained up like a pet?” Something about your words had struck something with the man, the normally cool and collected General’s jaw clenching at your taunt. “It is not sexual; the cuff is practical. It will monitor your vitals, already your results from medical show deficiencies. You will be provided with vitamin supplements whilst necessary, and improvements will be made to your diet.” His voice was full of reason, as though chaining up humans in your living quarters, was a perfectly normal thing to do. Maybe it was for the First Order, though you doubted it, you appeared to be a special case for the General, he had as much as told you so. “And also, it will be used to ensure I am kept chained up, like an animal?” Your temperament was getting dangerously close to breaking, as it was you were already pretty sure your attitude was beginning to bleed noticeably, out into your voice. If Hux had noticed it, he was ignoring it, holding the door open into his living quarters. “Would you prefer I sedate you nightly instead?” He disappeared through the doorway, and not willing to let this go, you took it as your invitation to follow him. You couldn’t believe your ears, couldn’t he just put you into your cell nightly instead. It wasn’t like you could escape from there. You had not been expecting Kylo Ren to be in General Hux’s living quarters waiting for you, neither where you expecting to see Adrianna. You froze, aware of how exposed you felt, scantily dressed in the Generals clothing. Adrianna was refusing to look at you, seemingly fixated on removing dirt from her nails, Kylo however raised a brow in question at your appearance. You were called over to a spare seat, instructed to sit down. It made you sick to the stomach to contemplate what that look meant. Yes, they were your Generals clothes, but you’d an innocent enough reason to wear them. You faltered as you lowered yourself to the waiting chair, your General? Where the hell had that come from? You had expected Hux or Ren to start the conversation, however it was Adrianna who spoke first. “We think we’ve located Esme.” That was not at all what you were expecting. Adrianna didn’t look at you, her current dislike of you obvious and to be fair you yourself were not currently keen on her. But all of this would have to be put aside for your youngest sister. Esme, had been everything you two hadn’t, quiet, calm, shy. She hadn’t even learned to talk, though you all knew it was a personal choice not a development delay. Preferring to talk mind to mind, and then only with her family. It unsettled you to think of her alone all these years, would she have chosen to talk in your absence? Both your younger siblings had used you as their mouth piece, but with Esme it had been more than shyness. She had struggled to find words for her thoughts, finding it far easier to express and emotion then find such a small succinct way of communication. But it unsettled you more to think of the First Order getting hold of her, which had to be why they had called you in here. Esme was a strong and talented Force user, extremely useful to Kylo Ren. She had never been adept in battle, but when you could wield the force like she had a weapon was irrelevant. “We believe the Resistance has her.” You laughed; what began as a nervous giggle, turning deeper as it’s ridiculousness took hold, tears sliding down your face. The resistance couldn’t have Esme, you’d have known if they did, Ahsoka would have told you. “Like she did me? Face facts (y/n) she lied to you too, worked to keep us all apart,” “Whereas your, beloved Master Ren, didn’t keep you from me?” “Face facts (y/n) he had no idea where you had gone, or who had hidden you, he never lied to me.” “Ladies,” You looked over to the sofa were Ren and Hux sat together. Ren if anything was amused by your arguments, giving rise to your suspicion that he knew of Adrianna’s feelings towards him. Hux however was not, his tone civil as he continued, but his meaning laced through the words he spoke. “this childish bickering is not going to help anyone.” “Help the First Order you mean?” “No (y/n), the First Order had no interest in your sister, it is a matter for the Knights of Ren. I am merely here as a facilitator; you are after all my prisoner.” It was there again, ‘my prisoner’. Not a prisoner of the First Order, but Hux’s personal prisoner. Across from you Kylo glowered at you, he had noticed that too, confirming Hux’s slip up. If you could you would have moved away, next to Hux, aware that at the moment the sadist in the room, was also the safest. You swallowed hard, your saliva like a hard ball of cotton in your throat, Adrianna hated you, because she thought Ren was interested in you. Ren hated you because for all of his posturing Hux thought of you as his, and it threatened Ren. You tucked your legs under you trying to look less of a threat, making yourself as small as possible. Blatantly aware of how ridiculous an image you presented cowering in the General’s grey underpants and over-sized vest. Arianna took a deep breath to steady herself, before continuing, non-too impressed by Hux’s castigation of her, or having to speak civilly to you. “It is proposed that we will send you back, to locate her. You will of course, this time be working for us, not the Resistance.” So there it was, they expected you to defect, to become a collaborator for the enemy. This was beyond ludicrous; it was sheer madness to think you would sell out. You looked over at Adrianna, if she was anything but heartbroken, at the thought of you not helping her get her sister back, she hid it well. Her face broken with the pain of you possibly refusing, as she looked over at you, dropping her walls, letting that emotion wash over you. It suffused you, threading through every fibre of your being, mingling with your own guilt. You had been the elder, the more capable of the three of you. You should have wanted Esme back too, been as ruthless as Adrianna, in your desire to get her back. You had failed Adrianna, letting her be taken in by these monsters, you would not fail Esme. You would find her and get her out of the Resistance, hide her safely away somewhere whilst you worked on freeing Adrianna. Yes, you would risk appearing turncoat for your sister. You would agree to their plan and then come back, and you didn’t care who knew it. They had no choice but to trust you, and the only way out of this was to trust them. Making your decision, you took a deep shuddering breath; “Yes I’ll do it.” Chapter 9 : Collaborator Notes: Thank you to everyone, who reads this, leaves kudos or comments. Whilst this is my story, the fact that I've shared it on here means I want to know it's going okay. So thank you to those who have told me yay or nay, it helps. The plan had seemed flawless at your time of agreement. You would be set free, thus finally making your dispatch meeting, and being able to locate the Resistance. You just had to somehow convince them that you were really on their side. That is to say, it seemed easy, until there were added conditions to your release, you really should have realised it wouldn’t be that simple. “You do realise that; we will expect your total loyalty. If you begin to falter, and we will know if you do, I will not agree to your release.” Of course Hux would have to speak first, his mistrust for you to complete this task as obvious as his assumption that you would do your best to fight Ren. “Therefore Ren and I have come up with a solution, to any possible wavering of trust. An experiment of sorts. I personally have no intimate knowledge of how the Force works, but Ren assures me it will work.” You looked across at Ren, not happy at all for him to have a say in all of this, let alone be his test subject. He sat up straighter, almost a challenge at you, the burning hunger in his eyes, making you sink back further, as Hux continued his explanation. “We will access your memories, reprogram your brain. Change your allegiance at source, that way there will be no issue on our behalf of questioning your loyalties.” You should have realised why Ren was so keen, to have you try this out. If it was to work he would have added another Force-sensitive to his ranks, one that he could train up as easy as Adrianna. You scoffed at his suggestion, it was never going to work. “That isn’t even possible, even you can’t change emotions, they work differently.” “Supreme Leader says otherwise, by changing memories, we take important events finding your trigger for joining the Resistance, and replace it.” “And I suppose, by replace you mean that, my allegiance would be switched to the First Order?” Hux cut in, his face a blank page, but he knew you were close to getting cross again. You felt agitated, being backed into this corner, and the bitterness had shown in your voice. He did not just you a favour, by talking now for Ren, though from the look he shot the General, he wasn’t appreciative of it. “Not as such, it was first suggested by Ren to be Supreme Leader Snoke. But we realised with time that that was not going to be possible, it was not an outcome you would accede to. Therefore, it was decided by Snoke, that Ren or Myself would be the better candidate.” You paid careful attention not to Hux, but to Ren as he spoke, and the glance he shot Hux, suggested the redhead had afforded you a choice, he himself would not have given you. It was wise on Hux’s behalf, though you doubted by now that there was never a choice to be made on if you were to be reconditioned. Hux had known that to recondition your loyalty to Ren, would have been harder, that it was always going to be a certainty, he had done his best to prepare you for it, gaining some measure of trust over you. It wasn’t a choice you wanted to make, both men were evil, they represented something you couldn’t stand for, and you gleefully doubted their plan would work. However, it had been wise for General Hux to have given you a choice in this, for that alone, you would much rather your fidelity be given over to Hux. Your eyes slid sideways to Ren, his face was almost feral with jilted anger, making you shudder. Aware now you had the upper hand in this; they had deliberately not told you, that they could force this on you willing or unwilling. It was best to appear willing, to leave yourself some avenue to play with, after all you doubted Adrianna would fight them on this one. She was as loyal to the Knights of Ren, and therefore Snoke and the First Order as possible. You looked over at Hux, making eye contact. Something reminiscent of relief shone in his pale eyes, warming him to you, encouraging you in your choice. “Hux. If I am to be reconditioned, then please Sir I would rather it was you.” You spoke to him alone, discounting the others in the room, wondering what about Ren he feared so much to have not wished to leave you with him. And whilst he fought to keep his reaction neutral, you could tell he was pleased not just with your choice, but the words you chose to express it. It seemed like forever as you sat there staring at him, willing yourself to look over at Ren, to address your choice to him too. Instead it was the feminine voice of your sister who, spoke taking charge for you again. “If that’s settled then, we have training.” Adrianna stood, dusting herself off, making for the door. She was eager to get herself out of there, did it hurt to be around you, or did she really dislike you that much right now. You gathered from the last look she shot you, one of almost thank, her assumption was you had chosen Hux for her, to keep yourself away from Ren. You were not about to tell her otherwise, right now you wanted her to leave, so that you could make one personal demand of Ren, before he too chose to follow her out. “I want teaching, to put up walls, some basic Force training and I want to keep those skills after reconditioning.” You didn’t care why anyone thought you wanted them, or that Adrianna would soon guess that you wanted them to keep her out. It was becoming apparent that whilst you loved your sister you couldn’t trust her, and to protect Esme you would need to keep her out. The Knight studied you for a moment, before speaking his words picked over carefully. “There will be other basic training for the General to attend to, before I am able to finalise your reconditioning. I see no reason why I cannot also supervise training of my own, until then.” The General nodded, his agreement to Ren’s offer and you shot both men a look of sincere thanks. It was good to have decided something for yourself in all of this, even if had meant having to ask your enemy for help. Hux escorted Ren out his arm to the Knights waist, both men whispering to each other, looking back at you before leaving. It would have made you uneasy, to have Ren discuss you so privately, if it weren’t for the soulful look he shot you, as he bided you farewell. Instead it made you angry, you knew better than to ask what the men had conversed about, but he had no right to look at you that way. Their talk had obviously involved you, and if they had of been willing to discuss it with you they would have done so. Alone now with Hux, you felt able to ask a question, one that you would have struggled to bearing your discomfort of to Ren. “When Ren was in my mind General, was he relaying my thoughts back to your Leader.” “That was the main reason for having him present during your interrogation yes, as an interrogator in this case he served very little purpose. You are too resilient to his methods.” You had thought something similar had been happening. The conclusion only obvious now, after Ren had discussed it with you. “And the others were?” Hux sighed pulling items from the cupboard, before turning to light the stove, he chose at first to ignore you. “General, in a few days you can have anything you tell me, removed from my accessible memories, please for now I need to know.” “We realised very quickly you were not going to reveal anything, therefore you were being assessed all along, for a possible return as a double agent.” Your gut jumped at this, confirming your earlier suspicion, another springing to mind. Was the story about Esme a convenient lie, did they really have any intel on your sister. Or had they used her as a pawn to manipulate you into this. You knew better than to ask this, not wanting to lose a possible advantage over them. Sensing your unease at this, Hux stopped what he was doing, leaning over the counter to you. “We would have sent you back regardless, you would have had no choice in the matter. With Ren’s new information, it just became easier to convince your brain to accept the changes. You have been compromised for longer than you realise.” He was beginning to read you quite well. Ignoring you he turned back to his food preparation, ignoring you as he stirred a pan. “So the torture was a distraction then General.” He kept his back to you but nodded a reply and you left him to his cooking, running your fingers along your arm in thought. So the torture had all been for fun, or at least it had been for Hux. No wonder the questions stopped, only to start again when they both realised you were questioning the lack of them. You hadn’t realised what you were doing until Hux grabbed your wrist pulling it from where you had scratched your other arm almost bloody. He reprimanded you, lifting your injured hand to look at it, shame filling his voice as he spoke. “Have I not already hurt you enough, without you adding injuries of your own? Don’t move.” Your lips parted in disbelief, breath not just from his words but the tone he had used, perhaps you had been wrong about his enjoyment of the torture. He returned, carrying another tub of cream. You had expected it to be soothing, instead it stung as he rubbed it into your broken skin. But you could understand his reasoning. Had the ointment been soothing, there would have been a good chance that if you were to become distracted again, you would hurt yourself once more. This way it gave you a constant pain to focus on. You knew better than to thank him, but it added to your approval of him. He seemed fairer, overall less driven by passion that Ren, the moments that he had hurt you had been your own fault. Both the time you had escaped, and the time he mistook your actions as sexual. The Knight however seemed to have a personal vendetta, against your family, seemed to think he had somehow been cheated of you all. If you had to lose control of yourself, this man who wouldn’t admit it but seemingly cared, would be the better man to put your faith in. Better than the one who claimed to care, but had hurt you regardless. He placed food before you, fish and some sort of root vegetable, simple bland food. But your mouth watered at the thought of finally being allowed solid food, whilst your stomach gave its protestations. “Eat.” The command was simple, eating should have been simple. You took the spoon he had provided, dipping it into the plate, raising it shakily to your mouth. Getting as far as your lips, before replacing it to the plate, tears pricking your eyes, in desperation. You knew you wanted to eat, you were thin enough already. Your body needed the nutrients to recover its self, already your muscle mass was dwindling. You fingered lightly the scratch at your arm, the irritation of the already inflamed flesh somehow soothing to your spirit. You reached for spoon again, wanting to placate the General, not wanting him to take away the food, you needed to eat it, needed to get better. “Open.” He had taken the spoon from you adding the smallest amount of white fish to the tip, holding it to your lips. You parted them, just enough for the tip of the spoon to enter your mouth, closing around the food. You chewed the food far more than was needed, only stopping when the General held a glass out to you. You allowed him to place the rim to your mouth, taking a small sip, before he placed it back on the table reaching for the spoon. It took five more small mouthfuls, each chased down with water, before your stomach was protesting at the food, and you managed to ignore it for a further six. By now the plate was half empty, and the General had shot you a look of warning. Before cooing, over how well you were doing. You were struggling when he raised another spoon to you, out right refusing to take another mouthful. “Don’t make me punish you.” For once, it was entirely the wrong thing to say. Your stomach threatened to over spill already, and the fear of adding to that goaded you further into disobedience. Reasoning with yourself, that neither of them cared. You were just an asset, a pawn to fight over, both Ren and Hux needed you in better physical condition. Not to help you, but for their own selfish plans, your health mattered little to them. You sneered at Hux’s mock concern for you. Wishing you could find it in yourself, to not to hold back from causing him physical damage. “Why, would you enjoy it General?” He looked for a moment shocked, you words almost winded him. Reminding you of how shaken he had been, after your first medibay visit, you should have thought this through. But any hurt he may have felt was pushed aside, as he quickly recovered his composure. He addressed you once more, dropping his voice low in warning, holding the spoon out to you. “I will ignore that outburst, providing this topic of conversation ceases now.” You were not going to give in without a fight. If you backed down now he would have won, and it would have pushed you dangerously close, to looking like you cared that you had upset him. “Ignore what General?” You were now being obnoxious, without any regard to your personal safety. Clearly you hadn’t suffered enough damage from his temper already. Hux further ignored your childish taunt, continuing to calmly hold the spoon up to you. You swatted aside the hand holding the spoon, preparing yourself to flounce off. “Oh I am sorry General, am I not allowed to bring up that you assaulted me? Surely it can’t hurt your delicate sensibilities? There’s nothing emotional about you is there, unless it’s you getting off on your power.” The plate hit you hard, bouncing off to clatter to the floor. He towered over you, his steely eyes a light with fire. The plate in its self hadn’t really hurt, when it hit you. But it had made you jump hard, sending a jolt of pain to your ribs, leaving you with a residue dull ache. You hadn’t realised that he had gotten so close, to breaking, but now the anger was apparent in the movement of his jaw as he clenched and unclenched it. Your mouth dried, the jab you had about his uniform being dirty, dying on your lips, as you whispered your apology. “Clean that up.” His order was a low growl, one than in your sober state you hardly dared disobey, leaping to your feet, starting off towards the kitchen for a cloth. He caught your arm, deftly throwing you onto the floor, sprawled at his feet. You waited in fear, his eyes narrowing as he turned his head to watch you, tapping his foot irritably. His meaning was obvious; though you wouldn’t let yourself be debased that easily. You reached for a piece of food your fingers closing around it. The sole of his boot, lowered purposefully onto your hand, squashing you palm to the floor. “I said clean up your mess.” Your tongue first sought out the boot on your hand, swirling around the black leather, polish and food flooding your taste buds. Satisfied you had cleaned it successfully, Hux raised the boot, now shiny with saliva, from your grasp. You gulped, trying to steady yourself, trying to lower your shoulders, to the floor once more. Praying that the General kept his floors as clean as everything else. The clacking of steps sounded, on the smooth floor, as Hux walked behind you in slow deliberate, measured steps. A swift kick first you ass, jolted you forwards onto your hands, the same foot placed at the hollow between your shoulder blades, guiding your chest lower to the floor. Your lips closed around a piece of soft fish, scooping it into your mouth. Your mind trying to override your tongues reluctance to swallow. Eventually you won your argument, swallowing before moving onto another piece. You were kept low to the floor as you moved, the sole of his boot, arching your back to him. The act of eating soiled food was bad enough, without this position keeping your ass on display to him, making it wiggle for him, as you moved. Your cheeks burnt, hot tears scalding them redder as you finished, your stomach now threatening a full scale riot at being this full. You were ordered to stay put, whilst the General returned the now clean plate to the kitchen, returning with a plate and glass of his own. He sat himself back down, in the armchair your sister had used earlier. Swirling a glass of amber liquid, in contemplation before raising it to his lips. He was calmer now, more his reasonable, reserved self. “Come here.” You went to rise up to walk over to him, not wanting to approach him, but not sure that it could get any worse if you did. “I did not give you permission to walk.” You sank back to your knees refusing to let your body baulk at the task he gave you. Head lowered in shame as you crawled over to him, on your hands and knees, towards his feet. His legs parted as you came closer and you knelt in abeyance between them awaiting further instructions. His hand cupped your cheek, tilting your tear stained face to him. Your lips were puffy, swollen from the crying and he held his glass to them, tilting it to afford you a generous gulp of the spirts it contained. He stroked your cheek as you swallowed, the fiery liquid burning both your throat and nostrils, cleaning the overriding taste of the floor from your palette. You waited tensed, expectant for a blow that never came, instead he scrutinized your face, waiting for you to make eye contact with him. His voice was gentler now, but no less full of chastisement. “If you are going to behave like an animal, I will treat you like one. Now lie down; Kitten.” You did, hesitant at his choice of new pet name for you. Curling yourself between his legs, rewarded with his fingers stroking your exposed spine. He reached for his food, lounging back to complete his now cold, meal in peace. Finished he placed the plate on the table in front of him, picking up his holopad. You lay still, relaxing into the floor as he studied something on his data pad. Occasionally he would huff, before taking a sip from his glass. Outside it grew darker, and after a while he stood, walking away. You didn’t look up at him, unwilling to move as the cold from the floor, started seeping into your bones. You heard him placing his plate in the kitchen, the clink of glass as you assumed he poured another drink, before returning to his seat. His legs were replaced to their previous positions, careful not to step on you, or kick you. A click sounded as he placed a glass onto the table, another as he placed a smaller measure, on the floor next to you. You uncurled to drink it, whilst he typed, grateful for the warmth the spirit afforded you, as you shivered, relinquishing the last of your body heat. “Stupid girl.” He reached down to you, making you spill the rest of your drink, as he pulled you onto his lap. Unfastened his jacket, to give you it, pulling your arms through the sleeves. “Why didn’t you tell me you had got so cold?” You studied his face, for any clue this was a ruse, to check your compliancy. You lowered you chin, your voice shaky from your bodies erratic jerking. “I thought you would tell me off, for disturbing you.” “What for telling me that your body couldn’t handle anymore? You put yourself in my care, remember.” The simple admission, had you biting your lip in thought, so your welfare did matter to him. Shakily, you lay your head back. Warmth of a different type suffusing you, when he let you tuck your head under his chin. He made an amused noise at you, snuggling you into him, his hands stroking warmth back into you until you stopped shivering. “Maybe you are a cat, should I replace the locator chip at your ankle, with a collar and bell, Kitten?” You blushed at his reuse of the earlier pet name, realising he was teasing you good naturedly and you shook your head in simple admonition at him, pleasantly flustered by it all. You bit your cheek in though, given Hux’s final goal, had some of the earlier taunts been attempts at pet names too? “But, I thought you said, there was one inside me?” You doubted the General had lied to you, but it seemed pointless to put two locator chips on you. “Yes there still is. But that one is currently inactive, we need the Resistance to believe the one at your ankle, is the only one we have on you. Your internal chip can be reactivated remotely, once we have you safely back, in their folds.” He reached for his own glass, handing to over to you, you took a sip before continuing. “And my control chip?” The smooth leather stroked the bridge of your nose, you were relaxing into this now. No longer as fearful, you allowed yourself to enjoy the human company. “That is still active Kitten, but I have given my word to only use it in extreme circumstances.” Your blush spread further across your cheeks, the threat he had given lost as you concentrated on that one word, Kitten. You curled up tighter on his lap, and Hux ignored the mess on the floor to continue with his work, angling the holopad so you couldn’t read it. You ignored it anyway, concentrating on your thoughts and your drink, dipping you finger into the liquid to play with it. Before absentmindedly raising your finger to your lips, sucking the liquid from your fingers. He squirmed beneath you, and you offered to move, but he declined pulling you back to him again. You twirled the glass between your hands, drinking the last drop of drink from it, to cradle the glass to you, it slipping through your fingers as you fell asleep. You woke later, still in the Generals arms, his fingertips brushing stray hairs from your face, as you stirred. You watched him blearily for a moment blinking the sleep from your eyes, aware it was much warmer in here now. A fire had been lit in the grate opposite, making you gather Hux had received visitors whilst you had been asleep. “I didn’t think the alcohol would have affected you as it did, your system is more compromised than I realised.” Your stomach gave a little growl, making his lips twitch into a pleased smile. This was new, you’d never had the General smile at you, the only time he had been amused was at your discomfort. You tensed at that thought, Hux lifting you from his lap to return to the kitchen, gathering the empty glasses up. He placed them on the side, opening cupboards to take down items, making you relax as you realised he was going to feed you. “The clothes on the table are for you, Adrianna advised on your size they should be correct.” The cupboard made his voice echo, as he rummaged around in it pulling out a pan to place on the stove. It was the second time that day he cooked for you, though judging from the view outside it may have been closer to the next day. You fingered the cloth, not sure if it was permissible to change, instead wrapping the Generals jacket further around you. You looked through his window, out into the velvety darkness, conscious that this was the first time he had every let you study your surroundings. There wasn’t much to see, just what seemed to be a forested landscape, the sky pricked with stars. You truly had no idea where you where, none of the First Order bases had been notable to you. Their locations kept secret, in an obvious ploy against the Resistance. You made an odd sight, his jacket hung to your thighs, the sleeves pushed up too large on your arms, and you your treacherous heart thought. You were allowing yourself to take comfort in your enemy, you should have been fighting him at every step, not sinking further into complicity at his company. His hand at your shoulder drew your attention back to the room, making you aware of the smell of eggs cooling on the table. You followed him to your seat, this was the second time today you had eaten for this man, a change from your daily portions of slop, and later the soups that Hux had given you. The food wasn’t unpleasant, but your stomach wasn’t entirely emptied from yesterday, making you struggle to each it, despite it being a much smaller portion than before. “Don’t force yourself, you have eaten once today.” “I need to though, don’t I Sir.” You needed to stretch your stomach, to get it used to solid foods again. He had sat with you whilst you ate, his own meal a much more complicated meal than your simple eggs and bread. But you knew the logic, too much rich foods and your body would reject them. The meal done, he directed you to the refresher, giving himself time to clear up before he joined you in the bedroom. You were once more clipped to the chain for the night, the General hiding the lock from you. The only difference from the night before was, his presence in the bed next to you. His hair was still damp from the shower he had taken, illuminated by the light from his holopad. You rolled over, the light distracting you, did he ever sleep. You were still awake when he put the pad down to sleep, unable to switch off as the General turned to you. “Do you need a sedative? I can get one in a much lower dosage for you.” There was no malice in his voice, just simple concern that you needed your rest. You shook your head, declining the offer. Feeling him move closer as his voice spoke in your ear. “Something else then?” You were grateful for the dark of the room, that he couldn’t see your reaction. The Zeltron side to you made you higher sexed than many humans, and the way he had handled you earlier today had set you off. It had been so long since you had been touched, and you knew you’d been wet since he’d degraded you over your refusal to eat your food. Having been given no time alone take care of yourself, it had been weeks. Granted your earlier treatment hadn’t inspired you to try, the more relaxed setting was making a difference. You had kept his vest on, exchanging his underpants for a clean pear of your own from the pile on the table, furiously hiding the evidence of your arousal from him, in the laundry Shute, but he had guessed. You could almost feel how close he was to you, highlighting your plight. There was nothing you could do about it, and you felt disgusting for needing to. His hands gripped your hips, a promise whispered in your ear that he wouldn’t take anything from this encounter, it was just to help you sleep. His hands grazed the front of your panties, skimming over your clothed mound, first cupping you before descending beneath the cloth fabric. It was different from when your skin had touched leather, this time his fingers were warmer, smoother as they skimmed your flesh. You parted your legs, allowing him to pull your leg backwards, over his hip, giving his fingers unrestricted access to your sex. There was a quiet gasp as his prominent two fingers dipped between your lips, quickly discovering how wet you were. His breathing deepening with yours, your heart thundering as you let him swirl them around your nub. He moaned admonishments at how wet you were, the rebuke creeping through his voice as he reminded both of you this was purely mechanical. You needed to sleep and this would help, he was not taking any personal pleasure from this. He kept his groin angled away from you, so it was impossible to tell if he lied, but the moan that slipped your lips had the arm he wrapped around your waist tightening. He rubbed your wetness against you, his fingers picking up in speed having you writhe against him, your own hand slipping up your top, your nipples already hard against the fabric of his vest. You were close, your breathing ragged, if you could just toy with those swollen buds, it should be enough to bring you over the edge. The hand from your waist pushed yours aside. His own thumb and forefinger closing around your nipple, rolling and pinching them, as he did his best to keep his breathing even. Your freed hand, encouraging his to cup your whole breast, rubbing your erect nipples into his palm as the other slipped down to between your legs, to hold the hand at you pussy in place. “Good girl.” The low voice praising you at your ear, was enough, his breath and lips as he uttered the words so close to you made your body tense one last time. Keening indiscernible words as you broke, flooding your pants and his fingers, with your cum. He held onto you, a moment more than was necessary, for the mechanics of all of this, before gently disentangling, himself from you. Flopping over onto your stomach you felt rubbery, boneless, and at last sleepy. You gave into it, as he rolled over away from you. You refused to let yourself process what had just happened, satisfied that this rest would be drug free and just as refreshing. Chapter 10 : Empty Quiver Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You had been so naïve, too clouded by sentiment, how could you have allowed yourself to get attached to his lies. The General had lied, not in words but in actions, he had given you over to Ren. You had been allowed the morning to sleep, the first natural, non-drug induced rest in ages. The redhead creeping silently, around his room in an attempt not to walk you. You had taken the offer to rest, with relief. Burring yourself, under the covers, waking at your own leisure, to showering in peace. You had just finished drying yourself, contemplating how to dress with the chain still attached to your leg; when the General broke breathlessly, into the room. He unhitched the chain, and in the same fluid motion, tossed the wet pants, you had slid down it, after the shower away. Hux commanded you to dress quickly, and Ren had been waiting for you in the lounge area, his hand outstretched ready. Hux had given a hasty warning that drugs would be used, if you fought his sleep command. So you hadn’t, choosing after yesterday, not to give it a second thought. Until you woke up, once more locked in Ren’s rooms. There was no one about, and you wondered his rooms aimlessly, the cuff still at your ankle but the chain missing. You would have sobbed, if your anger at his betrayal would leave you to your sorrow, but instead you seethed, every object in the room a potential weapon. The doors slid open after what seemed like hours, admitting the Knight into his quarters, he paused looking at you. His visor running from your feet to the kitchen knife, you held ready for him, before he removed his helmet, nonchalantly tossing it to a side. “Get on with it then.” His expression was an amused smirk, his tone echoing that, as he mocked you. Encouraging you to come at him with the knife, you screeched your fury at his taunt, rushing forwards to at least try and damage him. He caught you, swirling your back to him, pinching your wrist hard enough to make you drop the blade, into his waiting hand. He brought it up to your neck the blade pressed to your jugular, a voiceless command to stay still, as his own was disinterested at your ear. “So much for the Generals promise, that you are safe around such objects.” You went to struggle against him. Fearful that all of the posturing yesterday, had been a last attempt by Hux, to get you to behave for this; when he passed you over to Ren. “I have sadly, promised him I will send you back to him in one piece, therefore I won’t damage you this time. But try my patience again, and I will meter the same type of punishments that he would give you, without the pleasant aftereffect, well for you at least.” You were relived beyond words; so this was only a temporary change in your living quarters. The meaning behind Ren’s threat though, wasn’t lost on you. He thought you and Hux were having sex, that somehow it was how Hux controlled you. He dropped the knife, placing both hands on you, to hold you tight to him, waiting for your submission. You weren’t stupid enough to let him know you weren’t having sex with Hux, his suspicion of that left you with too many avenues of protection. But you were, stupid enough, to goad him, you wouldn’t give the man your submission, instead with the knife safely gone you renewed your struggles. “Careful Ren, you’re beginning to sound jealous.” Your voice dropped in mock warning, a jab at what you hoped were his personal feelings for the General. His retort however had you physically reeling, your body doing what you head wouldn’t let you. “Of you? I hardly think so.” It was there interlaced in his reply. The bitterness and pain evident, in his willingness to hurt you, for the General’s perceived attachment to you. “It would hardly be the first time I have had to share, but with you it is different.” If had meant to hurt you, assuming you had been attached to the General, you refused to acknowledge, the probability that he was right. Instead deflated, at the lack of a sparring partner, you sank to the floor, clutching your knees tight to you. Ren took off his cowl, draping it over a chair, busying himself in his room, returning a while later, his outer and sur-coat gone. He looked smaller without the layers, and you suspected at least one of those coats had held hidden armour. But he was no less imposing, he picked over items in the cupboard before sitting himself down in the armchair he had discarded his cowl over. “The General hasn’t told you why you’ve been moved, has he?” He hadn’t, the move had been so sudden that you’d only just had time to dress, before Ren had given you orders to sleep. He of course knew this, or else he wouldn’t ask. But clearly by the triumphant leer, there was something to hurt you in the reason for your hasty departure, you redoubled you resolve. You were not going to ask, for an explanation. “You said you would be returning me, how long will this be a thing for?” You looked around you at the word ‘this’, your arm spread to gesture to the room, an indication of your shared quarters. He pettily ignored your question, closing his eyes in meditation. You rose to your feet, huffing off back towards the bedroom he had placed you in. “So angry, yet when it suits you, calm. Has your General taught you that?” You nearly rounded on him, remembering at the last time his warning. Should you decide to attack him, he would punish you. Then if his threat was true seek the relief in your body, he thought the General was finding. It made you wonder how a force user could have it so wrong. Surely if there was a relationship between him and Hux; it would have been advantageous for him to have force bonded himself to Hux. Making him as aware of Hux’s feelings through that link, as you and your sisters were. You refused to let him see his comment had riled you almost to striking him. “I doubt it, why is it what he taught you.” You made a clear jest at knowing his, personal life, surprised when he answered back with more frankness than you had been expecting. He kept his voice level, his poise still that of a man in meditation. “You imagine that I have interest in your perceived relationship with your General. It has always been sexual between Hux and I, mechanical nothing more. You would be a fool to think he can offer anyone anymore. Especially you, Resistance Scum.” You had never been so foolish as to even consider, an emotional attachment towards your gaolers, but this was a low blow by Ren. His words were meant to hurt, there was no relationship. You were his prisoner, as much as the ones still in the cells. It was too much, he had won his argument as your voice grew louder, more unsteady. “I am not having sex with the General. He is not my General, any more than he is clearly yours; Ben Solo .” He too lost his control, springing over the seat, faster than humanly possible. Colliding with you, to pin you to the floor by your throat. His eyes blazing with a possessive fire, as he studied you. “That man is dead little Jedi. Do you want to evoke the fire of the man who killed him, by calling for him?” You were not to be intimidated, he could hurt you, but you knew by now they needed you to fulfil their plans. Your words were strained by the hand gripping your throat, but you continued. Fear swept aside in your victory, words could do more damage here, than actions ever could. “Have you forgotten, there are no Jedi left. You killed them all.” His grip faltered minutely, his forehead resting to yours. “No, little Jedi not all, I never killed you. Nor do I ever want to, try to, Watch .” He used the same process as before, but this time you were awake, as he wrapped his conscious around you. Pulling you closer to him, enveloping you, drowning you in himself as he pulled you down into himself. Making you stand with him as he watched He was first a gangly pre-teen, a young lad who’s arms and legs had seemed too large to contain himself, as he sat, staring in awe at your cradles. He looked first to his mother for approval, before your own nodded, lifting one of you, Esme you thought into his waiting arms. You could sense his wonderment at the small bundle in his arms, the smell of new born over riding his senses as he cooed over your sleeping forms. “They are the first to be born to the New Jedi Order Ben, a treasure we must protect if we are to grow in numbers.” You hadn’t seen his uncle until he had stepped from the shadows, speaking to the then, Ben. Master Skywalker had kept to the side, as he slowly walking over to him, stopping to let his own finger tips survey your sisters sleeping form. Something in his touch woke her, and she gave a wail of protest at being in a strangers’ arms. Your mother sensing the young Jedi’s discomfort, took her from him, leaving him to wander between the other two cribs. He paused before yours, finding you awake, your immature eyes unable to focus on anything. He studied you for a moment, before reaching his hand out to you. You took one finger in your tiny fist, somehow as aware then of the promise he silently made to protect you, as you were now. There was a blur time had passed, the three of you now barely older than toddlers. Younglings he proffered for you, as he stepped from the shadows to join you. Together you watched his young teenage self be teased by others, as he lost in a mock battle to Adrianna. Laughing as you watched your sister pile herself on top of him, practice sabre extended. Before he jumped quickly making her squeal in delight as he tickled her, making her writhe in mirth, until she childishly demanding he stop. Ben had been one of the few other people she would talk to, and it had shocked the elders around you, to hear her childish voice. Another and he was no longer such a rangy teen, his muscles were beginning to develop into those of a man. He had been home on a visit, the three of you desperate to see him even though it was late. You had loitered on the stairs well past your bed times, your parents away had left you with his Mother, who had put you to bed hours ago. It had been Esme that had awoken you, her mind frantic with excitement as his Force-signature had registered. You all risked chastisement as you waited hoping as he kicked off his boots he would see you, he did placing his finger to his lips as he pulled parcels from his coat, handing them to you before shooing you off. You raced the stairs stopping to watch as Esme placed a kiss at his cheek in thanks for hers, guilty that you should have done the same. The final image he showed you was of your eleven-year-old self, it had been decided that you were to take the Initiate trials that year. A whole year before your siblings, and now you stood in the ring to prove your prowess with the sabre. You had beaten them all before you noticed him, standing to one side, his Padawan braid gone, himself earned the rank of Knight. “I wanted to progress to Master, to have all three of you train beneath me. None of you should have ever been separated so young, but that was the Jedi way, no attachments.” You had forgotten he was present, so enchanted in watching yourself fight. You were good, very good for a child, though Adrianna would have bested you. Both of your styles have mirrored closely that of Bens’, but she had learnt to adapt it to aggression, yours merely defence. “I had settled then for just you, but I was denied even that. They were too afraid of what I might become, even then.” You looked over at him, this shared state leaving you both crudely, open to one another. You could hide nothing and felt him wash over you once more, seeking something else, not just a memory, but a feeling. You spoke to him in offering, a gift for displaying himself to you. “What do you seek?” “ This .” He plucked from you the memory of last night, of you asleep contentedly on Hux’s lap. The dreams you couldn’t remember having, pulled to the forefront as your frustrated brain had meditated on it earlier treatment. Your shame at him discovering your dreams, Hux the obvious focus of. It made your breathing stutter, your eyelids fluttering in sleep, though it was soothed quickly, with an unexpected soft kiss to your temple. “Hush, you worry too much. Hux doesn’t know what you dreamed of, though he was aware of the effects your dreams had on you.” You couldn’t find words to express your mortification, timid in your movements now as your thoughts turned to the conversation at the door. Had Ren known of your attraction to Hux all along. “Yes.” You swivelled your eyes back to his, locking yourself in his honeyed depths. “I warned him, to be careful of you. Not to, not to hurt you in that way.” You were dumbfounded by this admission of care from him, for quickly swallowed as he showed you the projection of your lust last night. You hadn’t given any thoughts to your ability to project as Hux’s fingers had been against you. The thoughts that had flooded you mind as he brought you closer, and closer to completion caught by Ren. You watched as he showed you himself, laid in bed, woken to your thoughts of Hux fucking you, his own hands skimming his painful erection. The thought present in both your minds as he thought it. Kylo Ren wasn’t jealous of what he thought was your closeness to Hux, he was jealous of Hux’s to you. The shock of it all made you break from his hold on you, struggling back to the present. You pushed against the form pinning you down, his grip at your throat had long since slackened, his hand loose around your collar. He didn’t move, his eyes blackened, both by this half-light, and the effects your closeness was having on him. You squirmed, watching the blush tinge his nose and cheeks as it pressed his desire against your hip. He removed himself from you in a swift bound to his feet, leaving you to rise on your own. He turned away from you, so he was capable of shame, you followed him. “Adrianna, says you have no interest in women, but that’s not the case is it?” Your voice wasn’t aggressive, just demanding. You needed answers, he looked tired, and dejected his low mood obvious in his humble. “No.” You had suspected Adrianna was wrong all along, you’d had to work with some interest after all. Something of her words rang true though and you needed to find out what it was, to be able to work with him. There needed to be some trust, even if it was forced. “When she says you’ve never been with a woman did she.” You couldn’t bring yourself to ask if she lied, or if she was mistaken. It was probably more information than either of you should have been discussing. “Yes, she spoke the truth I've been with men, never women until you.” You looked over at him, the set of his shoulders, making you feel sick at yourself. It seemed to animate him, the sorry look you shot him making him beg to show you one last thing. You wanted nothing but to be free, to not have to face your shame, but you owed him that. The man who had honestly swore to protect you all, who would have stood to do so all those years ago had to be in there somewhere. You nodded to his request this time a vision of you alone in the interrogation chair. “Hux, guessed first before I had. It was a sheer accident finding you, in the club, I thought you just a pretty face in the crowd. I didn’t realise you were until it was too late.” “Hux guessed what?” “That I wanted you, he steered the interrogation that way. He used the drugs, to remind me you were just resistance scum.” He sounded so pained by his words, so conflicted by his emotions, and what he knew you to be, that you faltered in your rebuke of him. It was near on dammed impossible to lie in this state, he could twist words, make his answer seem like something else but he couldn’t tell an outright lie, and you had questions. He moved, to stand next to his self, peering longingly, between the drug induced, sweat stained, lust soaked you then, and the shameful you that stood with him now. “You didn’t force me, I know that’s how Adrianna perceives it, her way of coping.” You blinked back tears, aware it was harder to hold them back here than in reality. “Then why do you show me this?” He pulled you to him, the table and your other self gone. Leaving you standing in nothingness as he wrapped his arms around you, pulling your weeping form to him. His voice soft in your ear as he stroked your back. “To show you, it wasn’t your fault.” Tears were still streaming your face as you opened your eyes, and shoving away his hands, demanding he leave you alone. It confused the hell out of you to have this information gifted to you so late in the day. You hated this obvious play for power, another attempt by him to manipulate you. Preferring the straight thinking, anger filled Ren. “What the hell are you playing at, get your fucking hands off me you murderer!” He looked shocked at this, like his confession should have wiped out all animosity between you two. “You still killed my family Ren.” He strode from the room, his lightsabre pulled to him and activated. He swung it first at the couch, then the table, making you shield your face from the shrapnel, the plasma blade sent your way when he hit metal. Lumps of barely cooled metal hit your forearms, and you strode closer, aware you too had to live in this mess he was creating. A lump of almost molten metal hit your collar, making you yelp in pain as singed through your clothing, welding itself to your skin. You staggered away fingers ready to touch the spot, to tear it from you, when his hand caught yours in mid movement. His other dropped the sabre and in one fluid movement, Force-pulled the solidifying metal from your skin. You fled from him into the refresher-room, locking him out, running the tap to apply a cold compress to the skin. That it didn’t hurt should have been the first indication of how awfully you were hurt, and when you pulled back the cloth you winced at your raw, open skin. It was a small mark but deep, far worse than anything the General had done to you in interrogation, it would scar badly. A knock came at the door, Ren’s voice begging for both admittance and clemency. You ignored his pleas, settling yourself against the door as his shoulder banged against it. The door shuddered with each knock, making your resolve for you. You stood, holding yourself straighter, willing yourself to calm, a memory of how a simple shield worked. Esme’s voice clear in your head, as you recalled the memory, of her ten-year-old self talking you through the motions. You hoped when you threw it at the door it had worked, and were satisfied as Ren’s shoulder made a duller thunk, the frame not even shuddering at his banging. You kept back, expecting the red hot sizzle of his blade being shoved through the door, but it never came, leaving you in silence. Hux hadn’t lied when he had said your body was compromised without the steady influx of nutrients, and it wasn’t long before you had to sit down. Foregoing the washcloth in favour of wrapping yourself comfortably, in a clean towel. You weren’t sure if you had dozed or not, when you heard voices behind the door, you listened not expecting the presence there. “Really Ren, it’s too much. I ask you to watch her for barely one week and you have her out of control within hours, do you realise how important this time is to me?” There were mutterings, you guessed at an apology of sorts. Before Hux spoke again, this time to you. “(Y/N) Ren informs me he’s hurt you with that bloody stupid sword of his. And now instead of behaving like a sensible grown up, and having him escort you to Medical, you’ve locked yourself in there.” How the hell was the man capable of causing such self-reproachfulness. You had opened the door before he had even requested it shuffling your feet at him. His gloves at your chin tilted you into the light, an inaudible hiss as his fingers touched the skin. “I haven't got time for this, I will not be disturbed again, is that understood. Get her to medical Ren, ensure that doesn’t scar. You mark her like that again Ren, I swear to all that is holy to you, you’ll wear stripes.” He gave no other orders, returning back to whence he had come from, leaving you once more alone. This time with a much, humbler Commander Ren. It was a relatively quick pass through the medibay for you. There were simply Bacta patches applied and a strange orange gel, that the frightened medic assured the Commander would ensure no scaring to you. He escorted you back through the halls, stopping when you stood near a large open window. It had been so long since you had been outside, and the smells of the outside seemed so foreign to you now. You shook yourself, casting off the longing for open space, following Kylo, retracing your steps back to his quarters. The rest of the day went without a hitch; you couldn’t shake off the endearing feeling you’d had when Hux had told Ren off. Nor the black look he had shot him back, at the assumption he had deliberately hurt you. It was close to the sleep cycle when you were disturbed from the reading Ren had set you for the rest of the day. You were provided with your own sleep wear; your clothing having been sent down, whilst you were in the medibay. You had not given it any thoughts until you stood frozen on your return from the refresher, Kylo Ren already in his sleep attire; there was only one bedroom. He offered no alternative as he pulled back the covers, you offered at first to sleep on the couch, but that was dismissed as you were herded back towards the bed. He sneered at your discomfort. “You sleep in the same bed as Hux, and I’m now given to understand by you, that isn’t sexual.” It was a calculated jab at you, designed to make you mad enough to rise to his bait. To prove him wrong, that there was something more with Hux. You climbed into bed, ignoring his attempts to help you settle. You laid on your back ignoring him, until the light was off. “You have to be honest with Adrianna.” You had given it a lot of thought, this deception of her made you look the villain, and he had admitted you weren’t. You’d never wanted Ren’s attention, that you had it made you unsettled. He rolled over to you, the tell of the mattress as he inched closer. “What will you give me if I do?” It took you a moment to register what he was getting at, you had nothing else to bargain with. He either meant your loyalty or sex. You decided to play coy with him, you wouldn’t let him recondition yourself to him. “Nothing until you’ve done it.” He was closer now, his breath ruffling your hair, unambiguous in his meaning. “What will you give me, if I do.” You kept the distaste from you voice, hiding well your hesitation at it all, his body sliding against yours. “What do you want.” His hand cupped your cheek, tilting you to him, his thumb stroking you lips. The pad smooth, but calloused, against the pliable skin, as besides you he rubbed a hardening bulge into the side of your thigh. “One night, I promise not to hurt you. But I want you sending back to him, the evidence of what I’ve done painted across your body.” Your gut clenched at the thought, sex was the only currency for you left to play with. His movements were obvious in their subtlety, you could do this willingly or, he could take it anyway. He pressed his lips to yours, and whilst you didn’t return it, you allowed him this kiss. “You don’t touch me until then, and I get to go outside at least once this week.” “That’s two requests,” He stopped humping you, so sure in your reply that he freed himself from his trousers. “you get me off now, and I’ll take you outside tomorrow.” You nodded, allowing him to take your shaky hand in his. There were no choices here, just ways to make his actions benefit you. He pulled it towards his waiting cock, guiding your fingers firmly wrap, around the heated flesh, slowly gyrating himself into your fist as he pumped your hand. He necked you, as you pumped the smooth flesh, his lips hot and wet at the column of your throat, his breath shuddery as it hit your ear. He tried again for a kiss, and again you refused to reciprocate it. He tutted at your reluctance, removing your hand, pushing you over onto your back, wrists pinned above your head. He climbed over you, nestling his cock between you both, the length pressed firmly between your slit. He rolled his hips, rubbing himself against your clit, making it harder to hide the effect he was having on your body. Each pass of his cock was making you slicker, the fabric of your sleep pants, gliding effortlessly over you. His mouth skimmed your shoulder, working its way to your ear, in swift nips and sucks. Nothing hard enough to mark, but when his lips met the Bacta patch he stopped to anoint it in tender kisses, a show of regret for the injury beneath it. “So this is how you show your affections Ren, by forcing people.” He growled against your ear, though whether desire or annoyance it was impossible to tell. His hands gripped your hips, forcing them back down, making you realise that you’d been mid thrust too. “I’m not forcing you to enjoy it though am I?” You could have wept at his taunt, but the man had taken far more of your tears than he deserved. Instead you lay still overriding your body’s natural desire to for friction, face turned away as he ran his nose over your ear. He didn’t like this more stoic you, pausing his own movement, his throbbing sex, still heavy against your swollen clit. “You’ve two choices, the first is you let yourself go, enjoy this and I’ll increase your outdoor visit to two.” He paused kissing your neck, your cheek, your jaw, slowly back towards your mouth. You were about to give in to your curiosity, when he spoke the second option against your cheek. “The other is I make you enjoy it, without the perks, and trust me little Jedi, I am skilled at making your kind do things they don’t want to.” His lips met yours, there was no hesitation as your brain process instantly the pros and cons. You would orgasm if he kept this up, even without your enjoyment. He wanted you to appear willing to further his own enjoyment of the encounter, and it could only further your advancement with him, to appear so. You spoke against his lips, your voice slight, a touch of tremor in your whisper. “Okay, but no sex.” You felt him grin against you, as his hips renewed their efforts, a long slow pass over your sex. His baritone husky, even in its amusement. “I promise not to fuck you, until your due date to return to Hux.” You returned the kiss he gave you, allowing him to sink his tongue between your lips, coaxing forth your own moans to join with his. This time you coaxed yourself to willingly rock your hips against him, tasting the sweat from his desire soaked form. His huge hands slid beneath you each pawing its own ass cheek, forcing you firmer against him, making you quiver with the additional stimulation. His lips never left you, whether at your lips, or your neck, muted praises uttered against your skin, silent only as he listened to the sound of your breathing. You were close, your body tensing, arching your back against the lips that now sought your nipple, his tongue flickering around it. The final touch that had you screaming into his darkened chamber, triggering his own release. Notes: I have two possible reasons for her hasty extraction from Hux's chambers. Just not sure which on I want to go with yet. Also does this chap work, it does in my head, but I'm having slight stresses over the other. I think an early night and tackle it after a break. The creativity on this is kinda conflicting with my need to get on with my Halloween costume. Xx Chapter 11 : Hostage Notes: This was always planned. Hence my whole less of a love triangle more of a ball of knotted twine point. I hope it revealed more plot whilst explaining other stuff too. I promise I'll all make sense in the end, some of it by the next chapter xx Hux, you had learnt by now was consistent in his approach to you, there was punishments for your misbehaviour, rewards for good. Your bad behaviour was simple enough to work out, your good was anything that pleased him. With Ren it was not so simple, there were punishments metered out, whether you completed a task to his satisfaction or not. You never knew if following his instructions and completing a task would earn you praise or a punishment. Yes, he had kept his word and taken you outside the first day, but he also confused you in his approach to you. You had thought stupidly his sentiment towards you as a child spoke of his concern of you as an adult, but it didn’t. In each and every action he proved himself a vile monster, lulling you to hope, then using you for his own ends. He has allowed you a lengthy time outside, meandering aimlessly, amongst the huge evergreens of the forest until you had worn yourself out. Too tired to walk back, he had scooped you up, to carry you home, when your repeated stumbling’s gave out how weary you were. You could have expected a rebuke from Hux for such behaviour, he would have reproached you for not knowing your body’s own limitations. Ren however just put you to bed, solidly amused with your tired attempts to fight him every step he took with you in his arms. You had expected a repeat of the night before, laid slipping in and out of delirium, ready to defend yourself if anything else was tried. He slipped into the bedroom very late, not touching you as he stripped off for a bath. Though from the noises the man made as he bathed, the sounds of slapping water and heavy groans, he had taken care of any needs himself. You had ignored him when he got into bed that night, not bothering to feign sleep, just shown him coldness. He had deliberately left the door ajar as he bathed, and you supposed the moan he made as he came, the murmuring of your name was for your benefit. The General would never have been so crude. “No he’d have closed the door, or wanked over you in his office, like a proper Gentleman?” It was becoming more and more frequent, to have him once more dipping in and out of your thoughts. It was so common place now that you almost forgot he was there, until he found something that would amuse him, often at your expense. “We all do it, even you. You should be flattered.” Your lip curled in disgust at him, did the man really have no shame? “What that you chose to use me as the object of your lustful mooning?” “No, that I would look twice at Resistance Scum like you.” You ignored him, dozing in stops and starts until the morning, waking so ravenous you had shared Ren’s breakfast. Eating far too much of his rich protein heavy foods that it left your stomach distended and sick. It had been mid-afternoon, before he could make a start on your planned Force-training. “It’s much as Adrianna told you, like the shield you managed yesterday. Imagine a wall, you can construct it from any materials you want, it’s building will be personal to you. But keep it up as I probe it, for weaknesses.” You’d sat opposite him on the floor, cross legged. Trying to hold back a tempest of hate at the man opposite you, it was imperative to learn these tricks. You’d need them to get Esme to safety, and be dammed if you would fail. You followed his advice, the wall solid in your mind, ready. At the first attempt, he knocked clean through it, the second was harder. On the third you remembered little Esme’s voice, explaining how to hide stuff, prompting an experiment of sorts. You placed the thought you wanted hidden somewhere else in your mind, leaving it unguarded as Ren probed you mind. He was straining this time, and you were rewarded when you opened your eyes, as he final broke through with his sweat trickling down his temples. “You were thinking about the plant you saw yesterday, the way it smelt when I handed you it.” You could have almost grinned in relief, at the knowledge that he’d not looked for what you were really hiding. Beyond that wall you had placed another one, one where you had hidden the rest of the memory. The plants he had shown you had been very beautiful, its nectar had stained the petals a blue colour. The same colour blue, as the drug Hux had used as an aphrodisiac. It had created a very faint stir, of longingness in you as you had sniffed it. Making you realise quickly, that the drug had somehow been a refined version of that plant. So it was possible, to hide things from the great, Jedi-Killer. “Hardly worth hiding, try again. This time with something stronger, something that makes you want to keep it hidden.” You thought over what you had left to hide that didn’t risk your mission. Or was something you would be happy, to risk him finding. It took a while to think on one, knowing that if he did crack it, he wouldn’t like it. You took a breath, closing your eyes and telling him you were ready. You took his outright paddy as the indication, that he couldn’t get past your walls. It made you over pleased with your progress, until his hand shot out, pulling forth the memory. “You have to be able to put it up at a moment’s notice,” He admonished stepped closer to you. You were no longer so sure of yourself, but you wards held fast. It was only when until he touched you, that they dropped. It was over in an instant, the revulsion as his low blow technique, thrown at him in chase of the thought he had stolen. It hit him hard and you saw his jaw clench as it hit him. “isn’t that right, Kitten .” You had chosen to hide the moment, you realised you liked Hux calling you Kitten from him. So sure that he wouldn’t be able to break through your wall. Now he used it to mock you, drawing forth your ire. “You truly are a Monster Ren; you take what you want with no thoughts to anyone else.” He went straight for your throat, pinning you down in a movement that was getting old now. You’d had enough of his posturing now, too many hours of living on tenterhooks. “I haven’t taken you yet and I want that. Should I then take it, with no regards to you?” “You claim so often that the basis for my trust, is that you where the young boy who cared.” Your voice broke as you continued. To hell with worrying about seeming weak to him. They knew you were weak, and tired, and they had brought you to this. “I truly think he is gone, he would have never have thought to have done, to me what you threaten to do now.” You searched his face, ready, his eyes said one thing his actions another as he leapt from you, leaving you alone in his chambers. You curled up, staring catatonically at the walls, not moving until nightfall, ignoring the growl in your stomach to climb into bed. You awoke the next day fully clothed still from the night before, the light flittered in through the open bedroom door. You sat up, to voices, that of your sister and Ren, you gathered from the gist of it that she was being sent away to lead a mission. Your heart plummeting as you realised it would be against your Resistance. They knew you were awake, ceasing their conversation as Adrianna walked into the bedroom closing the door behind her. “I owe you an apology.” You startled at her words. In the months you had been here, not one of your captors had offered you this. You had already had walls in place from yesterday, it was now just a simple case of checking they were still intact. “I am being sent away, and you’ll be returned to the Resistance before I get back. I felt really awful for the other day, I don’t want us to leave on bad terms.” You nodded at her, the best you could do. She was still loyal to Ren and as such you couldn’t trust her, but you were grateful for her regret. She didn’t stay long, a simple squeeze of your hand before she left. You dropped your walls momentarily to let her feel how her apology had touched you, slamming them back up quickly as she sought to touch minds with you. There was too much you shamefully hid from her, the drive behind Ren’s talking to her being one. You exchanged one last watery smile, before she was gone leaving you alone to contemplate her blind devotion to this thing, she called a Master. He was much humbler when he entered his bedroom, a bowl with more simple fayre placed on the cabinet next to you. “I thought we could train outside today.” You looked up at him scornfully. “So is this my second trip outside Ren, what do I have to pay for a third.” His jaw clenched and you watched him swallow, before he spoke through clenched teeth. “Nothing, it is a kindness, a gift to you. Do you want to train outside or not?” You took the food, agreeing to the outside session as you ate the food, pleasantly surprised you could finish it all without feeling ill. You were getting better. He had dug out cold weather clothing leading you in meditation in the morning. Before pulling practice sabres from under his coats in the afternoon. He kept his helmet on, but you could sense his entertainment as he handed you one. “This will do you good little one, a chance to let out some aggression.” You had been apprehensive at first, yesterday when you had succeeded at a task he had almost raped you. Your attempts were half hearted at first, until his hounding of you had you wild eyed as you assailed him. Physically you were too weak to win this, and no longer adept enough to keep him in check, until you had tired him but it was fun. Soon you were both, breathless, pink cheeked at your exertion. A miscalculation on both of yours’ behalves had the sabre colliding with your gloved hand, making you screech as you dropped your own. The blade on these was turned down, but not enough to stop a nasty burn. He reached for a nearby pile of half melted snow, bundling your knuckles into it. The words he muttered were half heard through the masks visor, but you gathered he was sorry, and feared Hux’s wrath should it mark. It was when he removed his mask, to hold the numbed finger tips close to his warm breath, pilling more snow on the back of your hand, that you shuddered. At his questioning glance you passed it off as coldness, Ren insisting you call an end to the day’s activities to take you back to the warmth of his rooms. There had been no warming fire, as there was in Hux’s rooms, but he heaped blankets over you, pouring hot coco to warm you up, as he ran you a bath. That was the only luxury Ren seemed to afford himself, it had stood invitingly in the corner of his refresher each time you had used it. Now you were guided towards it’s inviting steam, a towel laid out for you along with some soap. You slipped under the water, the heat turning your skin a lobster red, as you lifted the soap to you. Its fragrance wasn’t overly feminine, a hint of sandalwood, and cedar mixed in with the rose oil, and another scent you couldn’t quite place but knew. The smell was the first indicator, the freshness of the soap the other, he had fetched this soap with you in mind. You soaked longer than you intended, fingers pruning before a knock and a call at the door called you for dinner. He had turned up the temperature in the living area, the heat helping to dry your towel, tussled hair. You were thankful for it, crawling back under the pile of blankets after eating, your tummy pleasantly full. He had meditated after tea, entertaining you by, giving you simple sabre exercises to watch on his holopad. It had been late when he stirred from his straight backed poise, and you had refused his offers to carry you to bed that night, yawning as you settled to sleep. You had been allowed to sleep on the couch the next three nights, the days spent exhaustingly training, the evenings recovering. He pushed you hard, and between that and the food, your body was slowly recovering. You had almost forgotten his bargain with you until he tossed you a solid pair of boots on the final day. You were to be sent back to Hux the following morning, still unaware of his reason, or the speed at which you had been extradited from his chambers. You followed him outside, pleased to quickly see your physical health was improving. You were just heading back, racing to get back before a chasing snow cloud, when you heard it. You faltered, listening, there was a small high pitched mewling coming from somewhere quite close by. You did your best to find the culprit, finding a small ginger tabby stuck on a branch of a one of the snow clad trees. You had jumped towards the first branch before Ren had caught the waist band of your pants, pulling you back down. You wrestled yourself from his grip trying again, as he caught your arm, swinging you off down the embankment. You reached the bottom, turning around to face him. “It’s a Kitten Ren, it won’t survive out here in with the Storm coming.” “Leave it.” “How the hell has it go out here, it’ll die. Please let me get it, it’ll be no trouble to you, just until the storm has past.” “No!” The wind was picking up, blowing leaves and small sticks at you, lowering your visibility. You made a last lunge for the kitten, Ren intercepting you and throwing you over his shoulder to race back to the military instalment with you. You never felt as wretched as you did that night, picking over the bits of your food listening to the wind howl outside, as the sleet and snow pelted the window. You couldn’t shake the image of the small cat, howling in the cold, struggling for warmth. You pushed away the food, practically untouched. “It’s only a cat.” “Only a cat, it was little, and weak, and defenceless, everything else I suppose you hate, right?” For that comment alone you had reached for the plate, tossing it at Ren in your fury, as you leapt at him. Fingers doing their best to squeeze, around the column of his throat. His hands didn’t go to push you off, instead he just lay there laughing, jeering at your concern. “You expect me to risk you in a storm, over a cat!” He let you hit him at that, your blows doing less and less damage until you lay over him, sobbing. You jumped when he went to comfort you, sliding away before turning and running for the security of the refresher. You weren’t stupid enough to lock yourself away again, instead you took a moment to reassess yourself. You took a long bath to calm yourself, adding the newly laid out bath salts to the water, before scrubbing yourself down furious at having to use his gifted soap. You dried yourself off, before readying yourself for bed dressing in your remaining clean sleepwear. He didn’t give you long before he joined you, in the bedroom, shutting the door behind him, before stripping off his clothing. You looked at him shocked, after three nights allowed to sleep on your own, on the sofa, you had really thought he was beyond this. You refused to bite to his new change of rules, peeling back the covers ready to climb in. “I believe we made an agreement.” You paused, feeling sick, as it hit you, he intended to keep you to your promise. Whilst you’d not given it any more thoughts to his arrangement with you, relaxing into the mundaneness of the days that had followed, the safety of being unmolested. Now you were nothing less than gobsmacked, by his refusal to let you out of the agreement. You swallowed thickly, looking away, your fingers fiddling with a suddenly very interesting seam, on your shirt sleeve. He was bare chested now, down to the leather pants of his robes now, the suspender straps pushed down over his shoulders. You refused to look, as you heard the unfastening of his pants, the sound of leather sliding over skin. “Strip.” Your mouth dried, your tongue darting uselessly to moisten your lips as he stood closer. He looked down the bridge of his noise at your cowering form, his hands reaching for the hem of your shirt. He tore it in two effortless jerks, ripping the compression bra you wore. His fingers sought out your pants, but you stepped back. Removing them quickly before any more of your precious few clothing could be destroyed. Your fingers felt wooden, unresponsive, as you removed the last barrier to him. Your panties, joining the pile on the floor, leaving you now naked, vulnerable before him. “I thought we mattered to you, that you wanted to protect us, why me Ren, why couldn’t you have found a different obsession.” You kept reminding yourself that this was the price you had chosen to pay, but it didn’t stop the shaking from your body. He ignored you, and you jumped as his finger walked your bare spine. Brushing hair aside to kiss your neck, a peppering of marks in their wake, his first message to the General. His hands sought out your hips kneading them, bringing you back against his chest. The darkened tight curves at his pelvis rough on the smoothness of your upper spine, the taught pectorals of his chest flexed with the heavy rise and fall of his chest. His lips ghosting your flesh, branding purple bruises to your skin. Each mark was deliberate, the taunt he had promised though it was a hollow promise that he wouldn’t hurt you. Had he shown you some kindness in the days that had passed, only to be trodden to pieces now, when you had called him out on his callousness, or had this been his plan all along? His teeth set against your shoulder, nipping down your spine, a bite to each globe of your bottom before he turned you around, surveying unmarked flesh. “You hate the small marks I place on you more than these,” His fingers caressed your ribs, mapping the fading yellow, which marked each broken rib. “and this.” It was the scar on your inner thigh, from where the General had bitten you, the only visible and permanent reminder you had of his torture. He lifted your leg into the pale light, turning it so the paler tissue was easily determinable. You peered down at him, as he rested your foot on his bended, knee. His dark hair splayed over his shoulders, his gold flecked orbs searching you for something indiscernible. He placed first a smooth chaste kiss against the scar, his lips parting on the second pass to suck at the delicate skin painfully, held between his teeth to deepen the attempted mark. Tears pricked, and you gasped in pain at it, your body flooding you with endorphins. Your pulse streaming the lust filled chemicals, forcing them to every part of your nervous system. Your head, now unable to fight the heady desires of your body. You gasped, throwing back your head, gritting your teeth against crying out in pain. Your skin left his mouth with a loud pop, his eyes glazed over and feral as he stood pinning you between him and the bed. “You promised not to hurt me.” “I did, didn’t I?” He sounded disinterested, he tilted you to scrutinise your face. His lips plump from the attack on your leg, pressing you for a kiss. He was swift in his movements, picking you up to throw you on to the mattress. Removing his underpants, before laying on top of you, pressing you to the bed as his mouth once more attacked your neck. “But then you like pain, don’t you? So am I really causing you pain if you don’t enjoy it?” You tried another tact, knowing it was useless lying. He could sense the changes in your body that would prelude to you trying. “Hux told you not to mark me.” He grinned at that, his fingers pressing into the freshest mark he had wrought against your clavicle. Rubbing the teeth marked flesh to a flattened red, as he talked, smearing his saliva across the collar bone. “Hux implied he wouldn’t be happy if I marked you permanently. He was not specific enough in his requests to suggest I didn’t leave semi-permanent ones.” He pouted in imitation concern, his fingers stroking your brow bones, dipping along the bridge of your nose. “An odd over sight on his behalf, he’s usually so precise. I wonder what could have distracted him, it’s almost like your General was giving me permission to fuck you.” He had a point, if Hux had of intended you to remain untouched, surely he would have stated that when he reprimanded Ren over your burn. You could entertain yourself for hours, with the faint hope that he had some code of honour, that Hux wouldn’t have done this, but you’d be wrong. Tears pricked at the realisation, no one was going to save you, Hux wasn’t going to help this time. “Is this the only way you can get women Ren, to force them into fucking you.” It was that or cry, and you’d rather not now, you’d been a stupid girl. You had to man up. If your comment had even registered with him, he recovered quickly. The wounded look you were sure you’d seen for a moment changed within the blink of an eye, to contemplation. “I believe you entered into this willingly. Have you forgotten your letting me fuck you to thank me, for ingratiating yourself back into her good books?” His finger trailed line along your hip bone, lower to the valley between your legs. “Do you know, what made her change her mind about you?” His voice was a dangerous low growl of warning, tinged with a song of sinister pride. You knew instantly what he had done, it was painted in the shit eating grin he shot you. “You fucked her didn’t you Ren. You loathsome, piece of nerf shit, do you realise what that will do to her?” “Like you’ll be here to deal with the fallout, your returning to your Resistance soon, and your precious Ahsoka. I enjoyed it, not as much as I will you though, you’ve certain traits she doesn’t. But in a pinch maybe, I’ll do it again, use her as a substitute until I get you back.” Your hand connected with his cheek, your flesh stinging in tiny needles breaking out over your palm. He growled, and you looked up, pleased to see the imprint of your hand, crimson against his pale flesh. It earnt you your own mark, your cheek bone darkening from the back hander he gave you. “You little bitch.” There was genuine shock in his voice, he hadn’t see your blow coming. A firm nod to the increasingly effectiveness of your shields. You shrugged off the pulse at your cheek, your teeth tinged with blood as you bared them to him, your voice derisory. “Like I will be returned to you, dick head, I’m the Generals prisoner remember.” There was security in pretending Hux offered any protection from Ren. You shut your eyes, wishing this was all over, was Adrianna’s safety really worth this much. A sister you’d barely seen for years, who’d literally lain with the enemy. “Yes your precious fucking General! You’d fuck him now, if only he’d let you, open your legs and give him what he wanted. Isn’t that right, Resistance whore.” You lost it completely at this, more than you’d ever done before with Ren. Nails and teeth seeking any patch of skin they could find, almost ripping hair from his scalp. He really was pure poison. He pinned your arms and you took satisfaction in the fresh scratches decorating his body. “Why the fuck us Ren, why the hell are we so important to you.” He leered at you, kicking your legs apart, as he pinned your wrists with one massive fist. His cock once more stiffening, as he laid his massive frame over yours. His fingers trailed back between your legs, his voice monotone as he slipped a hand between your legs. Sighing at finding you wet. “Isn’t it obvious?” “No, not really.” Your voice quivered, whilst his fingers slid over you, your heart strumming in your ears. Your body was too responsive, far more so than it should have been. You thought back to his threat on the first night about being able to make you do as he wished. ‘I am skilled at making your kind do things they don’t want to.’ It wasn’t an idle boast, you thought biting your lip as you stifled a moan, the deep breath you took to steady yourself, driving the scent of your soap through your nostrils. “You come from a long line of Force-sensitives. As far back as we can chase your records, your family has never failed to produce strong Force-users.” It all hit at once, the familiarity of the scent in the soap you couldn’t place, his reasoning’s for playing you off against your sister. Even now was a test, one to see how willing you’d be. “You want us as breeding stock.” He nodded, taking a deep breath, scenting both your own fragrance, and that of the plants nectar in the soap. The black of his pupils, almost threatening to swallow his irises, as he rubbed himself against you, his body shuddering in the throes of his desire. “Eventually yes, but you will serve another purpose.” His sentence was broken, each word, each complex syllable disturbed, by a kiss trailing your body. You spread your legs as he reached your cunt, your mind screaming in a failed desperate attempt to fight the drug and the finger that ran between your sex. “So why send me back to the Resistance, if my womb is so fucking useful to you?” You squirmed, his fingers flicking over your clit. You weren’t sure now what was turning him on more; your fear and distaste for your body’s betrayal, or the drug. He moved his hand, replacing his fingers with his tongue, your hips bucking as he sucked your clit into his mouth. Talking his time before answering, his fingers keeping up what his tongue couldn’t. “Because we need what you hold inside you, stored somewhere in that pretty little head of yours.” He pulled apart your lips with his hands, exposing your clit to one last kiss before he moved back over you. His hand pumping his cock before he set it against you, running it through your folds before setting the head against you. You flinched, involuntarily trying to jerk away. His brow raised, a reminder to stay still, you had deemed this a worthy price to pay. He slipped his head inside you, mere inches, before he pulled it out again, teasing himself repeatedly. You rolled your head to the ceiling as he slid inside again, making you look at him, your breath held still, as he pushed himself balls deep inside you. He rolled his eyes at you, as he brought his hips back, aware you couldn’t stay this disinterested for long. He set a slow pace, enjoying watching you writhe beneath him. “How the hell would you know what it is Ren? Even I wasn’t informed of its details.” “Because it makes perfect sense, the great Ahsoka Tanner comes out of hiding, just as Skywalker tries to establish a new Jedi order. You’re carrying a compiled list of the galaxies, Force-sensitive children.” Your shock winded you, the nip to your bottom lip brining you back to face him. He had to be wrong you couldn’t possibly be carrying such a thing; it was an impossibility for such a thing to exist. But somehow your gut told you that he right, everything about Ahsoka’s behaviour over the last few years pointed to it. A tapping at your cheek drew your attention back to the man whose cock was currently buried in your cunt. “You made an agreement.” You nodded, keeping your attention on him. It took a few more thrusts to return your body back to its previous state. Sweat dripped from his chest, his mouth on your ear, the lobe sucked between his teeth. He pounded into you, his hands at your thighs to spread your legs wider to him, his head slipping down to you shoulder. His fingers grazed your clit again and you looked at him, wide eyed that he would do this, you failed to see why it would matter to him. He strained to get the words out to you, so close to finishing. “The drug, increases in effect the longer it is in a Force-sensitives system, the chemicals released at orgasm help soothe it.” You weren’t sure that you should have been that grateful for knowing that, but something akin to that struck as you realised it gave you a safe reason to give in. It was a heartbeat or two before you realised just how close he already, your cunt tightening as it bathed his cock in your juices. Your teeth gritted, as his fingers refused to let up, trying desperately to escape his grip on your over stimulated clit. He refused to let up until you spilled again, a broken sob escaping him as he scrambled to his knees, his thumbs spreading your jaw so he could pour himself down your throat. He gave you little time to rest, that night. True to his word sending you back to Hux, covered in a cloak, but his cum slicking your body. Chapter 12 : Broken Arrow Notes: Nothing has changed to the plot. However I have fixed the issue I was having with the plot line. So there are a few minor changes to make stuff more specific in places. Sorry if you had already read it xx The walk back to Hux’s was degrading enough without the fluids from Ren flaking and itchy against your skin. You were thankful both for your contraceptive implant, and Ren’s refusal to cum inside you. The closest he had come to that was a final tired wank over your cunt, before ordering you to stay still whilst he washed up. You supposed you should be grateful that he loaned you a cloak for the short walk back to Hux’s chambers. You knew you were leered at as you walked head high, clutching the material tight to cover you. You refused to look ashamed, pretending nothing had happened. The week of Force training had begun to reopen your mind to your powers, and now you shielded yourself from the thoughts of those around you. You were practically shoved through the door of Hux’s quarters, the cloak ripped off you. Your hands flew to cover yourself, swatted aside by Ren, his look triumphant as he presented you to Ren. Making you some sort of sick trophy for Ren, another bout in their game for supremacy. Hux refused to acknowledge either of you at first and the only exchange between the two First Order leaders, in your presence was a smug look from Ren. You were grateful to be back, this your only escape from Ren even if it was your gut reminded you, temporary. His quarters looked much as you remembered them, though they felt so alien to you now. “I’ve no doubt that Ren has fucked you, go clean his filth off yourself.” He didn’t even look at you when he spoke, and you slunk off to his refresher. Your heart aching for the tenderness he’d displayed the night he’d called you Kitten. There had been a bath added to his refresher whist you were away, hesitantly you assumed the already ran bath was for you. The water a little too hot, but you climbed in quickly, sinking into the heat, the bath scented with herbs, soothing against your sore skin and muscles. They did nothing to rinse the memory of the smell of sex from your nostrils, you swore you could smell it even after repeatedly submerging yourself. It was good to finally be able to cleanse the residue saliva and cum from your soiled body. He had placed a gritty scrub next to you, and you rubbed far harder than intended against your soiled skin. It was such an odd addition to his room, the tub was nowhere near the ostentatious size of Ren’s, but in was nice to settle back into the warm water. “I have left you clothing on the side.” You opened your eyes, his sudden presence making you jump. There was no shyness in his eyes, as they flicked over the marks on your body. How long had he been watching you for? There was something so hurtful about the distaste on his face, as he looked you over. You had, once more been returned to Resistance filth in his regard. There was something more than his regular stiffness, when his eyes roamed the floor, before leaving you alone again. Under the water your fingers touched your thigh, the bruise covering your thigh throbbing, as it deepened colour in the rapidly cooling water. It spoke volumes, about Ren’s actions, but left you no clearer on Hux’s feelings. The Commander feared that Snoke allowing Hux to have control of you, threatened his plan for you. It left you open to other influences, but provided a way of getting you back once your mission was completed. You scoffed at that, you weren’t coming back. You knew from a week of testing, you could hide things from Kylo Ren, so it should be possible to leave yourself a message to hide Esme. The water was lukewarm, when you got out of the bath, your skin left reddened and sore in places as you dressed. Your clothes hadn’t been fetched over from Ren’s yet, and the General had again left clothing out for you. This time a pair of his shorts, and a shirt, what you assumed by the fabric was his military tracksuit. There was food on the table when you finally stepped from his bedroom. You were left to eat in peace, not hungry but you ate it anyway, desperate to somehow try and please him, to earn his notice. He seemed edgy, unwilling to look at you, and your head hung low, did he know you’d agreed to it. Had Ren told him your price, it seemed so cheap now. You knew now, that the long term plan, had never been to leave you with Hux. If you failed in your escape, and were returned to the First Order, you would be gifted straight to Ren. A brood mare, breeding stock you thought bile rising. You pushed your plate away, Hux not giving you long, before you were instructed to return to his bedroom, sitting you down on his bed. It was all a bit pointless now, but the longer he refused to look at you, the more you simmered. “Look at me!” His cold gaze snapped to you, his features as cold and unreadable as your first day in interrogation. He reached to attach the chain to your ankle. His whole smell washing over you, catching you between delirium at him and wanting to slap him. “Have I somehow disappointed you by sleeping with him?” His voice was a carefully calculated mix of hard iron and indifference. His choice of wording doing nothing to help you calm down, but then you doubted he was trying to. “I don’t see how, I sent you to Ren’s quarters. Anything that happened there hardly of concern to me.” You gritted your teeth, he was being so obstinate. You knew something had bothered him. “So you knew, he was likely to try something like this.” “I knew that Ren was dangerously obsessed with you, yes.” His brow knitted, frowning as he lifted your chin to him, rolling your head slowly from side to side. His eyes once more searching the marks on your neck, counting the bruises. His reply had been too quiet, too irrationally still, making you want roll your eyes at his reply, and punch him. It was making your hackles rise, despite your attempts to stay calm. He was too perceptive to have not intentionally, misunderstood you. You shook your head at him, amazed he couldn’t be that stupid, he had to be ignoring it. “No, not just that. You knew he would do this, your far too calculating not to have considered it. Does it bother you that he did it to hurt you as much as me.” “I think it’s fair to say in that case, his attempts would imply he thinks I have a level of regard for you, that I don’t actually feel.” He winded you, making you sick at the denial of it all. Your hackles finally giving out to stone cold fury, you wanted to hurt him now, as much as he was trying to do to you. “Tell me General, are you lying to yourself as much as you are me, that it didn’t hurt you. Or was it planned all along, was it another way to get you off, imagining me with your boyfriend.” He back handed you, knocking you to the floor with the force of his blow. You went to spit the bloody phlegm at him. He kicked you knocking the wind out of you, your spittle sliding uselessly across your cheek, gripping your cheeks between his fingers, forcing you to look at him. “Have you forgotten everything, that I have taught you 22758?” Your nails dug into his exposed wrists, gouging skin from them, leaving little trickles of blood in their paths. He hit you again, waiting for you to recover you balance, before slapping the other cheek your ears ringing as he spoke again. “Attack me again and I’ll send you back to him bloody.” You took a chance, pushing for an answer you needed, enough with his postulating, and preening. “Admit you don’t want me, and I’ll go willingly.” “Will you please cut, with this childish posturing, it doesn’t matter.” You blinked, suspended in time for a moment, not an answer, just a refusal to rise to your bait. He pushed you away, your head hitting the floor, stars crowding your vision. You waited for his admission, but it never came instead he just knelt over you, chest heaving. Breathless from his exertions, he took a deep sigh. “Did he finish inside you?” He spoke nervously, his attempts at being civil again, or risking an answer he didn’t want to hear? “What the actual, fuck?” You bit back the rest of your choice of expletives, cheeks still stinging. It was such a change in topics, your brain took a moment to process the question. Your cheeks heated, stunned that he would ask such a question, that after his posturing it would even matter to him. He repeated it again, this time slower clearer. “When he came, did he do so inside you, or near enough to risk pregnancy.” You shook your head, titling yourself away from him, your previous train of thoughts derailed. It took a moment for you to shake your ringing head. Your face paling as you uttered your denials. “It won’t matter; I have an implant.” You hoped you had an implant, they’d never told you it had been removed or disabled. Now you weren’t sure what to expect, where this change in questioning was leading. You were pulled back to him, his face still a blank page as he took a pill from his pocket, holding it out to you in offering. “It’s better to be on the safe side,” You opened your mouth for him to place the pill, on your tongue. So desperate now either for his regard, or numbness, that you would risk this being a ploy, an attempt to give you more sedatives. Your fear that you had pushed too far settling, he hadn’t sent you back to Ren. “I wouldn’t put him past him, to already have it disabled.” You considered his actions now, did Hux give you the pill now, because he knew it was inactive, or because he truly didn’t trust Ren. It was highly unlikely that his Supreme Leader didn’t agree with Ren’s plans for you all and it frightened you. You’d never considered this as a possibility from your imprisonment, so your implant status had never been of concern to you. In your haste, to speak you swallowed without water, choking when the pill stuck to the back of your throat. Hux provided you a mouthful of water, placing the glass close by, checking over your restraints before leaving. “I won’t let it happen to me.” You voice was still full of resolute, despite the little coughs you gave as the water cleared your throat. If Hux had any opinion on this he didn’t show it. Tilting his head as though to consider something foreign, before shrugging as he extradited himself from his bedroom. He would leave you alone, to the chaos inside of your head, and you dreaded that, the thoughts that would come. Giving you that contraceptive, was the first time he had ever openly to you, gone against Ren. It was such a back handed way, to prove who was in charge of you. But then he had admitted he knew what Ren would do with you, and knowing that had still opted to leave you in his care. Snuggling down under the blanket, glad at last for a different smell to Ren. The bed smelt of Hux, of his aftershave and skin and you breathed deeply curling around his pillow. Your heart leapt as he stood, back in the room, watching you, you under his covers. His eyes bore into you, eating into something deep inside, as you lay onto your, back lips parting as you took a breath to steady yourself. Your annoyance at yourself was growing, this was going somewhere, you knew it. Fearful for either of you to speak your minds, to have to admit it, not intending to goad him this time. Quiet reserved, everything he was, in your quest for his answer. “Ren thinks you care for me, but it’s an impossibility isn’t it.” He moved, and the spell was broken. Stripping off his uniform, pulling exercise clothes from draws, a pair of slacks like the ones you wore and a jumper. It was the first time you’d seen him out of his uniform, you didn’t even know he had personal clothing. He shot you a look of frustration, you were holding him up and he had more pressing things to do. You gave him one of contempt, his ire was better than this, anger at least was human. “Shall we just cut straight to the problem, I have somewhere to be.” There were many questions, but little time and it was his betrayal of you that smarted the most. You mean to sound as needy as you did, the words somehow coming out all wrong. “You left me.” He rolled his eyes at you, pulling off his shirt, leaving you to swallow as he looked at you. He wasn’t built up like Ren, his frame less bulky, more angular. Not that he hadn’t been more than capable of taking you on in a fight, and as he had proven, winning. He turned from you, pulling on a gym shirt, before stripping his trousers too, his back to you as he pulled up his slacks. “I had a visitor, one who I couldn’t have you around. You have a habit of not being the safest of guests” You contemplated his reasoning, as he pulled on shoes, it was too blatantly obvious that his visitor had been a civilian. Nobody military based would have broken protocol, to surprise him by just dropping in on him like that. You weren’t stupid, he hadn’t known to expect to have to move you, leaving you with Ren wouldn’t be a wise move for him. Someone had to have, forced his hand. Your voice dropped, as suspicion took over, trying to work it out. “So not a military visitor then, a personal one?” It was sensible to think his preference so far had been to males, that he kept Ren as a lover suggested it. He shook his head when you asked, leaving you to the understanding his visitor had been female. Eyes narrowing at him, the visitor had to be important to him for him to not turn her away, you registered the look of dread in his eyes. Whoever she was, he was ashamed for her to see you, it wasn’t done because you might be a risk to her. It had to be someone close, you suggested Mother first, but he shook his head again, this time heading to leave. You shouted after him, as he left the room, furthering his refusal not to talk to you. “Which is she then, a sister or a lover?!” His voice came from the living quarters and you went to follow him. The chain snapping taught before you could reach to him, reaching the end of its length. “Which is she Hux?!” “Neither, not that it’s any of your business!” It all was beginning to make sense; it didn’t take much to work it out. You knew he was sexually attracted to you, it was all there, he just wouldn’t give himself permission to act on it. Which was just adding to your suspicions, he wouldn’t have needed to clear his rooms for a sister and he had no time for a lover. You were getting near hysterical now, in your jealousy, sick with realisation at yourself. What the fuck where you doing, this was your enemy, the man had killed billions. You had thought yourself “I’m your dirty little secret aren’t I? You think your so above Ren, so unaffected by your own emotions don’t you. He spent all week hinting at it, your just as effected by all of this as I am.” “There is abosolutely nothing to hint at, for someone who claims not to be, the man is too clouded with sentiment. You are nothing to me, but my prisoner. Yes, eventually you will be my soldier, and I will be your General, nothing more.” Your teeth ground with his refusal to give a straight answer. It had all been there, Ren’s need to fuck you had been more than just a personal jab at Hux for his reprimand. “So I won’t be given over to Ren as a brood mare, then?” “I have no say in the final outcome for you, I am just as bound by Ren by Snoke’s wishes.” You lost it at his control, screaming at him through the bedroom door as he left it. “You fucking lied to me General, I hate you! I hope you rot in hell. Your weaker than he is, at least he can admit it, you fucking stuck up, pretentious prick.” “Calm yourself, or would you prefer he had regular access to you?” He was gone in an instant, refusing to answer you, the doors to his quarters sliding so close, leaving you shocked and alone. Your heart hiccupped as you realised what you had done, what it all meant. Your outburst had him, now threatening to hand you over to Ren, permanently. Your body shook in great tearless sobs, your chest screaming in pain. You’d miss judged him, badly. You couldn’t work out now, where you had thought this would take you. How trying to prod him into action, could have ever worked. He really was too proud, and you really were resistance scum to him. The door to his quarters hadn’t even closed, before he returned. It was all too much, the torture tuned now too personal, too emotional, by your attachment to him. “Why keep me here, why do this if I mean so little to you. Admit it, you hate that he had me, don’t you?” Couldn’t you let anything go, why did you have to keep prodding the beast. You tried shuffling back as he marched towards you, his face motionless, there was fire in his eyes, passion. Your legs wouldn’t work for you, and you stood routed to the spot as he lunged, quicker than you had expected, tangling his fingers into your hair. No warning, as he brought your neck to his mouth, his teeth closing over each mark he could find. Replacing each one of Ren’s marks, with a deeper one of his own. He pushed you on to the bed, ripping off your top as he rolled you over. He was rougher on your back, and you couldn’t tell if it was blood, or his tears that wet it, his teeth sinking in so deep in places you knew he had broken skin again. There wasn’t a mark on you he didn’t cover, each one an answer to your question. It was as he reverently, reached for the last mark, the one to your thigh, that you finally spoke. Your voice shaky with endorphins, as you watched his lips leave your leg, your heart thundering. “You let him have unfettered access to me for a week Hux.” Spittle hit your neck, as he roared, shoving your face into the pillow. Beneath him you flinched despite his words. “And I hated every dammed, moment of it!” You lay there, stunned with the intensity of his reply. Your voice less than a murmur, a promise you whispered to yourself, and to him. One you vowed to keep if it came to it. “I’d rather die than him have me.” You didn’t think he heard you, until he brushed your spine lowering his head to you. An equally as quiet ‘no’, spoken against your skin. His hair ticking your sensitised skin, as he pressed his forehead to your back. His voice strained from his withheld emotion. “He can’t have you.” He pressed you to the bed firmly before springing from the room quickly this time leaving for good. You lay on your front, unable to bear the feel of anything against your stinging back. It seemed like an eternity before you forced yourself to walk to the bathroom mirror. Your back was red, punctured in places by his teeth, but it was good, the marks were Hux’s now. They throbbed in pain, as you returned to the bed, but it was worth it. You weren’t expecting him back so soon, assuming he had changed to go exercise. Nor did you expect the ice, he had fetched for you. He wrapped it in a towel, laying it gradually over your back, the cold making you, tense before your body gave into it, hissing as the melted water struck the spit skin. He lay next to you smoothing hair from your face, his own eyes searching for something in yours. “I lost it, sorry.” You nodded dumbfounded by his regret, once more the broken, quiet thing he was making you. You closed your eyes, tears slipping through your closed lids. You shuffled closer trying not to dislodge the ice, fingers twitching, as you reached out to him. Flinched at your approaching finger tips, like they were bullets heading at his heart. You were not allowed to reach your goal. His fingers loosely encircled your wrist, holding it inches from the heat of his chest as your lip quivered. “If I touch you, will you hurt me?” “Yes.” You blinked, not sure how you should respond to this. It was the kiss to your forehead that threw you, making your throat clench as you fought hard to swallow. “You knew what he intended to do with me once he knew who I was, didn’t you?” “It was always going to be, the most profitable outcome for him.” Your body shuddered as you tried to breathe through the reclaimed sobs, your voice a little over a whisper, your admittance to yourself, staining your heart raw. “How long have I been compromised for? “We both, are compromised, Kitten.” It wasn’t your answer, nor was it a fair and exact exchange of what you felt. But it was the most you could openly admit to now. He waited, patiently till you had, allowed yourself to look at him again. Holding your gaze, before speaking. It was all he could give you, the wet still there in his eyes, his broken honesty. It was enough. Your breath was slow and heady as he continued. “I won’t let him have you, that much I promise you.” You smiled wirily, the truth too impossible, too alarming to admit. You weren’t stupid enough to think that Hux would disobey his Leader, or be able to keep you from Ren. If he was told to hand you over, he would. He was too obedient to his Order, too loyal to his Leader. But there was comfort in pretending. You closed your eyes, as he lay there next to you, imagining you were both just ordinary people. To know he wasn’t as heartless as you had realised. “Don’t promise me stuff you can’t keep, we both know if I come back, I'll be given to him.” There was certainty in his voice when he spoke again, as confident as if he was giving a command. You allowed yourself to be taken in by him, figuring he fooled himself too, but wanting so much for it all to be real. “You won’t be Kitten. He can’t have you.” Sometime in the evening you woke, your back less painful but very cold, the sheets wet from the melted ice. You pulled on, the soft jumper he had laid out for you, your feet padding the bare floor. He looked up at you as you came in, a softness reaching his eyes when you gasped down at the rug. There curled up before the firelight, on the rug was the orange tabby, you had seen that day with Ren. “You were never truly alone with him, I had you watched at all times” You shot him a half smile, before reaching down to coo over the kitten. “I am still not sure how she had gotten all the way out there, but the officer shadowing you picked her up before the storm hit.” “Does she have a name?” “Not yet, no.” You mulled it over, he was obviously keeping her. The tell tail signs where everywhere when you thought to look. “She needs a name, Sir.” He made a noncommittal reply, returning his attention to his work. It brought warmth to your mid-section, you would have hugged him if his earlier warning hadn’t of been so fresh in your mind. It was one thing to admit he wanted you, it was a given though that he wouldn’t allow himself to act on it. What once was seen as part of controlling you, had become personal to him now, and he lessened himself in his eyes. It wasn’t in his nature to sleep with the enemy for his own personal fulfilment, he still thought himself above that. “She does, doesn’t she.” The evening was spent in a strange sense of limbo, the pair of your sat quietly, companionably next to each other. Hux sat doing work, you paying with the cat as you watched him. You had to admire his dedication, the commitment he took to his work. He frowned as a bleep came through, shifting from the couch, insisting you follow him. He took clothing you didn’t realise he had from wardrobes, a full First Order uniform in your size. “Put it on, I am trusting you to behave. If you don’t, there will be no warning. I will use the control chip.” Chapter 13 : Protocol One Summary: Thank you to everyone who has kept up with this so far, and again to those who comment or give Kudos. This it becoming like my baby, and I keep having to drop other tasks to scribble a quick note to myself on how to handle a particular problem or flow in the plot line. I know my updates vary in consistency of time, sometimes it's work or other factors, others because I already have the basic back bones of chapters ready. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Once dressed he pulled your hair back into a regulation style, handing you a datapad. Himself, he had changed back to his uniform sometime whilst you slept and now he pulled his greatcoat on for the walk to the office. You wondered at how long the uniform had been in his wardrobe, an odd thing for him to have requested. You would have to ask him about it later, for now he was chivvying you out of the door, insisting you act like the officer he had presented you as. “Ren is outright demanding; I hand you back over to him for the night. I have work to do, and I dare not leave you alone, in my quarters.” “Won’t Ren, just know I’m with you?” “He will, however he won’t directly challenge me for you. Remember the offer of which of us to pick came from Snoke, and he dare not challenge that.” “But I have to be around him eventually.” “You will not have to see Ren again, until he leaves.” That couldn’t be right, you needed to see him before then, to complete the reconditioning. You brushed it off, aware that when Hux refused to answer you a question, the answer normally came with pain. Emotional or physical, your body had no wish to experience anymore today, too tired from his earlier outburst. “We have received intel on a Resistance attempt to rescue you. Ren will be sent off base, in preparation for the rescue, and the mission allowed to succeed.” You didn’t ask why Ren wanted you, it wasn’t difficult to work out that one out, by his actions last night. A cold shiver ran your back, the hairs on the back of your neck standing on end. Was it to make you more receptive to his body again, or had the General been right in giving you the contraceptive. Though even the General couldn’t keep you away forever, you hoped he wouldn’t have reason to leave you alone with the Commander. It stood to reason that, you would have to deal with him again, for your reconditioning. Hux led you from his quarters, and you fall into his stride with ease. The synth-cloth uniform rubbing on the bite marks to your back, but thankfully covering most of the bruises. You kept as ordered, to his left side, pleased that at this late hour many of the passageways were dimmer than their daytime brightness. None of the few Troopers you encountered appeared to recognise you, stepping neatly aside to let the General pass. Registering his presence first, before checking your uniform. It was the uniforms not the individual that mattered here, something you were so thankful for. You hated having to wear it, the clothing reeking of everything you weren’t, but at least it offered you faceless protection. Unlike his quarters, his office was fairly sparse, and not at all comforting. It was cold too and you shivered as he directed you to the rooms only couch. You curled up into a corner of it, tucking your hands into your sleeves. He took his coat from his shoulders, laying it over your shivering form. “Thank you, General.” You burrowed into its warmth, laying onto your side to keep as little of you touching the cold leather as possible, your head on the couch arm. He unlocked the datapad you carried, altering several security settings, before handing you it back, setting himself to work at the huge wooden desk. You mulled over its content, there was nothing of any note available to you on it, just some books, no games at all and an image recorder. It was foolish to think that you wouldn’t try and access the blocked files. But any attempt to gain access to the military files was met with request for DNA and a passcode, coupled with a stern look over his monitor, from Hux. You scrolled through more of the datapad, stopping when you came to an image recorder. It didn’t hold many pictures, there were a couple or a red haired boy you assumed was Hux. A couple with a woman you took to be his mother, he was a scrawny little thing, all elbows and knees. You smiled to yourself as you went through them. There were none of him with his father, but you guessed that wasn’t uncommon in a man of his standing. He took a break from his work, fetching you over a drink when he poured his. You took the glass gratefully, sipping it as you continued scrolling. He sat down at your hip taking leave from the screen. The images of Hux were getting older, and older morphing slowly into an officer cadet and finally one from the day he had been appointed General. There was an older man next to him, one who you assumed was finally his father. You frowned trying to recall anything you could about him but other than his title Commandant and a hazy sense that his name was Brendol Hux there was nothing. You sat up a little straighter, wincing as you caught one of the marks on your back, taking a sip of the drink as you showed him the pad. “The woman next to you is too young to be your mother, is she your Stepmother?” You knew, as soon as you said it you were wrong, his face clouded completely with shame. His disgust at himself as evident in his voice, as the hoarseness of a secret hoped to go untold. “No Kitten. That’s my wife.” Your response had been laid in wait in your body, though you didn’t realise it, until you flung the glass at him, contents and all. Both the mess to his uniform and his threat to use the chip forgotten by both of you. As he pinned you to the couch, his legs straddling your hips in a strained endeavour to keep you still. “Well you are a fucking whore aren’t you! Can’t just keep it in your pants. Does she know your fucking Ren, that you nearly did me.” His voice was hurried, the usual eloquence lost in his struggles to keep you in check. Hands binding a wrist a piece, his legs gripping tighter to prevent you from throwing him off. “It wouldn’t matter to her. Men like me, we don’t marry for love, we marry for power. Her wealth was the financial backing for over a third of the First Order.” You weren’t prepared to listen to this bantha shit. Your struggled protests that it didn’t matter, fell on deaf ears, nearly desperate to finish his excuses. “I feel nothing for her, my job is to provide her with a social standing, hers is to provide me an heir. Unlike me, a legitimate one.” He had to keep going didn’t he, you nearly gave in on fighting him at his admission, to being a bastard. Clear and uncut pain resided in that story, and you suspected a link to the missing images of his father as he was growing up. “If that’s true then why was she here? Why did you give me over to Ren?” He was beginning to win the tussle. The exertion of pushing against him, cost you far more in energy reserves, than his to simply push down on you. His body although wiry, still far bigger and stronger than yours, his muscles holding a deceptive robustness to them. “I did not give you over to Ren, I hid you from her. You think the Ren and I are evil, you do not want to upset her.” He was contradicting himself now. Your voice was taught with disgust at him, that he could do all he had to you, yet still get to live a second life. One with a sense of normalcy, an escape from this, from you. “I thought she wasn’t bothered.” Your attempts weaker now, though the vigour not completely gone from your struggles. You hated now the guilt that you now felt. The deception you had unwillingly played a part in, just as much as you hated succumbing to him. His head dipped low, unwisely to rest against your forehead, your attempts to do it an injury failing, as you processed numbly his reply. “She wouldn’t be ordinarily, but then you’re not my whore.” Your reply died on your lips, replaced by a shallow whisper as you ceased all fight. Tilting your face from him, in an attempt to hide what it contained from him. “No General, just your prisoner.” His voice was husky, a depth to it you hadn’t heard before as he laid himself closer over you. “No Kitten, not just my prisoner.” His thumb brushed your cheek as he cupped it, and you heart stuttered as he pulled you closer, wrapping his arms around you. His voice now a choked whisper in your ear, yet somehow with more resolve than before. “Not just my prisoner.” Your breath sounded so loud, the restart of your heart like a snare, thundering in your ears.” “What am I then?” The one word was spoken so finally, so resolutely that you felt it in your bones, leaching onto your skin, flooding your sex with liquid fire. “Mine.” You couldn’t bear to look at him, so afraid of what you would see, fearful to your core of what it meant to you. His chest was so warm, so fragrant as you were pressed against it. The smell of his cologne, flooding your senses as you buried your nose into him, breathing deeply of him. The knuckles at your jaw brushed softly, tenderly to clear a stray lock of hair, titling your face to him, whispering for you to look at him. You couldn’t too frightened that the spell would be broken, that you would whither beneath him. Your lashes stayed lowered, your lips parted, as you felt each shallow breath leave your lungs. The grip on your chin firmed, and he repeated his request as a command. Spoken between an almost clenched jaw, each word punctuated with a warning. “Look at me.” You forgot to breath as your eyes flickered upwards, the pale blue of his eyes was almost swallowed whole by blackness, lowered to yours. Your tongue darted to moisten your lips, his eyes wide as it brushed innocently, against the thumb that now stroked against it. You startled, afraid for that this was your doing, that somehow your own pheromones had influenced him again. He dipped his head towards you, chills ran your spine as he brought it lower, his nose brushing the side of yours. His breath was warm as he massaged his cheek against yours, the skin chafed with the days’ stubble as he rubbed it against you. Tilting his head to place his lips against your temple. Leaving one, then two, then a series of small kisses against your skin. His lips were everything his eyes spoke of when they met yours, ravenous in his quest to devour you, sloppy and warm, so juxtaposed to the man you knew. His hand touched at your waist, his other slid to your crown, tightening against your initial urge to bolt. You trembled as he broke the kiss, almost too wrought with anxiety to speak. He frowned, an almost pained expression at your disquiet. “Kitten?” It was a question you dared not answer, steeling yourself to speak, the question dying at a single word, you knew you must ask. “Pheromones?” He chuckled, shaking his head at you before pulling away, to sit up. Leaving your body cold bereft of his touch and warmth. “Are you afraid you influence me, or is it a warning you will?” You couldn’t answer so distressed by what you had undone. Your face paling as you shuffled back against the corner of the sofa, dropping your eyes to your lap in abeyance. You squirmed as he returned to his monitor, covering you again with his coat as he reluctantly advised you, he had to finish his work. Either, you hadn’t accidently swayed him, or he didn’t care if he did. His voice kind as he assured you he wouldn’t be long, and to amuse yourself until then. Your body ached in unrequited desire, the need to relieve the near painful, throbbing between your legs. The longer you watched him, the harder it was to ignore the tempo that beat beneath your skin, giving in as you slid a hand under your trousers. He was too engrossed in his work to notice. So long as you kept your legs raised, your body angled just so, the greatcoat covered you, kept quiet you were sure you could get away with this. You sank lower, as your hand slid under the synth-cloth of your panties, nearly gasping aloud, as you realised how wet he had made you. Your fingers slid between the lips of your shorn sex, holding your breath in check as you swirled them around your clit, virtually biting on your wrist as you did your best to muffle your moans. Your fingers slid faster, in your sly attempt to bring your body some reprieve. You shook as you grew closer a needy whine slipping too loudly from your throat, making you freeze in consternation at yourself. A cough came across the room and you raised yourself up again, your cheeks blazing, putting tell to your professed lie, that you had been doing nothing. You looked over to him apologising for disturbing him, his countenance reproachful for your interruption, before softening as he realised your predicament. He walked over, slow clipped steps, making you hurry to remove your hands, cursing yourself for ever thinking this a good idea. You scurried to try and rearrange your clothes, hoping that it would go unnoticed by him. That you could continue your facade. His face was neutral, as swiftly removed his coat from you, making you sit up in a failed attempt to hide your mid-section. Your pants were in a state of undress, the evidence of your actions smeared across your fingers. He placed the greatcoat on his shoulders, walking back to his desk, sinking slowly into his chair to watch you. “Do it for me Kitten, touch yourself. Let me see you, make yourself unravel.” You swallowed hard against the lump in your throat, there had been no malice, no attempt at shaming you in his voice, just hunger. It strengthened your resolve to obey him, lowering your legs, once more unfastening the closures on your trousers. “Take them off.” You couldn’t believe you were doing this, exposing yourself to him like this. He looked back towards the monitor, touching it in a series of complicated taps, making you falter as your trousers reached your hips. Was it your unease he sensed or, a change in the rhythm of your breathing he heard, making him glance back over the monitor at you. “Keep going.” He looked back at his work and the message was understood, it wasn’t undivided, but you had his attention. You pondered what to do about your knickers, should you leave them on or take them off to do this? It was no longer a case of fulfilling your own needs, aware that the part you played was now to please him, whilst satisfying your own needs. You looked over at him in question, waiting to be told what to do. He was waiting catching your question before it was expressed. “All of them.” You nodded, slowly stripping off. Exposing your body to the chill air of the room, your skin warmed by his heated stare. For someone who had professed a need to work, to drag you out here with him he was very attentive to you. Eyes openly wandering the stretch of your body, open in their judgement of you. “Maker, your beautiful.” You mouth parted in staggering contemplation at him. Did he truly think you so, or was it the bruises that decorated your body that he admired? You weren’t left to that thought for long, before you heard the unfastening of his pants, ‘ No he’d have closed the door, or wanked over you in his office. Like a proper Gentleman.’ You blushed, chasing the memory of Ren quickly away, replacing it with the redhead before you. Fingertips sliding over your hips you kept your focus on Hux, dipping them between the juncture your thighs, pushing your legs apart to bare yourself to him. It should have felt cheap to demean yourself like this, to behave like the cheap whore he had denied you to be. In quest for his attentions, but the liquid fire that ran your veins spurned all thoughts of refusing his request. His movements faltered when you exposed your core to him, fingers slipping inside you. His breathing stuttering, making you realise the odd hold you had over your gaoler. The movements of his arms, the tiny jerking of his torso told you what he was doing. Now you had his undivided attentions, as his wrist pumped his cock. Your fingers, pushed deeper inside yourself, a third slipped in on the next down stroke to add to the two already stretching your walls. You moaned wantonly, free now to be as loud as you needed to be, your head thrown back, arching for a moment to raise your hips from the sofa. Granting him a brief clearer view of what you were doing to yourself, what he drove you to. Your lust fed in its entirety by thoughts of the man pleasuring himself, over thoughts of you. Your free touched on a bruise, fingers pressing into the mark against you, the pain delectable both in its cause and architect as you macerated in it. The hand dipped lower tweaking your nipple, rolling the aching bud between your hurried digits. Almost presenting them to him, in your hurry south. You fingers pulled from inside you, both hands holding yourself open to him. Your eyes searching for a reaction, rewarded in the sharp intake of breath, the slow swallow he performed for you as his movements stilled. You knew you were wet your juices slipping between the cracks of your ass, pooling onto the leather of his sofa. You blushed again, wondering if it had ever been so defiled before, suddenly unsure of your wanton behaviour. “Come here.” You crept painstakingly slowly towards him, as he cleared a space on desk lifting you on to it, sitting himself methodically back into his chair. He ran a finger the length of his cock, and you gulped at seeing him so openly displayed to you. He instructed you to continue, bringing your foot to rest on his knee, opening your legs to him once more. You leaned unsteadily back onto one elbow, the other hand languidly moving towards your sex, pulling moisture from inside you to anoint it against the pulsing bead. Fingers tapping over it, rubbing fresh shudders into your body as you teased it. It was the sight of him stroking his cock that was your undoing. The leather so dark, against his heated, swollen member the tip purple with engorged blood, making you hurry to bite back a request to touch him, to taste his flesh there. Your body shook, muscles locking with your bodies exertions, your breathing tattered in your lungs attempts to draw air against the wave that was coming. You were ordered to look at him, your eyes locking with his as he stilled his movements to grasp your face in his hands, his cock twitching heavily against your thigh. “Who do you belong to?” It was a question pushed through clenched jaws, his face an expression of longing, edged with a wary hunger, that threatened to swallow you. You gave into it as your cunt clenched for him, your reply, a last minute hurried reply as your body broke for him. Cementing your words to you, filling every part of you with certainty. “You, Sir.” You keened, unable to look away, nor close your eyes from him. Held captive by his command, as he gawped in awe at you. Lowering your slowly to lay back over the desk, as he took his prick in hand once more. You watched through lower lashes as he pumped himself, placed his hand next to your hip for support. Grinding his teeth, as he emptied himself onto your thigh ropes of scalding seamen branding your thigh. It dripped down your leg as he lowered himself into his chair, moving to tuck his slowly softening cock away before, realising the mess still on his fingers. He rose to clean himself, heading to rinse the evidence of his arousal from his hands, but you stopped him. Ignoring his earlier warnings not to touch him, and grabbing his wrist. Pulling those fingers up to your lips, tongue lathing between them to gather the taste of him. He was bitter and salty on your tongue, a taste others would distain, but you revelled in every drop. The taste dominating that, of the supple leather of his gloves. He had allowed you to see him so exposed in his longing for you, but wouldn’t surrender his entirety to you. The punishment you expected for touching him, never came. He tucked himself away, pulling your mouth to his for a last harried kiss, his tongue slipping between you, running soft circles on your tongue. That hand at your crown, and a single thread of saliva all that connected you, as he broke the kiss. His fingers entered your mouth, the last offering, his cum scooped from your leg as you’d kissed. You took it willingly afraid of perishing without every little gift of himself he bestowed on you. He ordered you to stand, opening his coat you pushed your arms into it. The massive frame too large for you, but comforting all the same as you wrapped it closed around you. The silky lining, tacky against the sweat of your skin, the stickiness of the residue cum on your thigh and the slickness between your legs. Sated and tired, you were led back to the couch and ordered to lay down, as he folded your clothing neatly to use as a pillow. Lulling words chanted in your ears as he soothed you to sleep, your lids closing in contentment at the intimacy of it all. You woke briefly, but often during the night. Each time to see him still working, sometimes he wouldn’t notice you, his fingers clacking over the screen. Others he would pause in his work, uttering gentle commands to sleep, his expression exhausted as he strove to complete the work at hand. It was just before sunrise when you woke again. The greying light flittering through a roof light in his office, the blinds of one window closed against the gathering dawn. He was laid over his desk asleep, head on his arms, his normally perfect hair ruffled by sleep. He looked so young still, asleep like this, the ruffling of his unkempt hair adding to his charms. He didn’t stir when you walked silently over, fingers reaching for his monitor, his name spoken in a quick greeting as he stirred, his hand reaching too late to stop you switching off the workstation. “Sir, you need rest, to sleep in an actual bed.” He nodded, smoothing back hair, ordering you to dress and follow him. You scrambled quickly to your Generals command. Covering the flesh that had taunted him, last night. He was ready before you, having only needed to straighten out his hair and clothing. He pulled on the proffered greatcoat, the scent of you clinging to it in places, now mingled with his intoxicating cologne. Bringing a warm smirk to your lips, as you realised he was intending to walk through the bases’ corridors in it. Finished you turned to him for inspection, unable to complete the final checks without a mirror. He pulled against small irregularities in your uniform, brushing your hair straight for you, leather fingers combing through it to put it straight. Happy that your clothing and hair were up to his strict standards, he ordered you to follow as he strode to the door. His hand hovered over the control switch before making a last minute grab for you. His lips soft as they touched your own, a last minute and unusually playful bid to make you blush, before activating the opening mechanism. Notes: Also anyone after a really, really heated scene with Hux, don't worry they will happen. But they need to happen at set times relevant to the plot line they do exist. Some closer than others, and some already partly written, but I won't hurry and sacrifice plot line to get to them. Again thank you for reading it, I hope it's still up to par. Chapter 14 : Sleeper Agent Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You strode from the Generals office, easily keeping in pace. Staying to his left hand side, as was befitting your rank. It was thankfully un-remarked, that you were accompanying General Hux from, his office at this hour in the morning. However, if anyone had the rank, or nerve to challenge him you doubted Hux would dignify them with an answer. What went on between you both was personal, private between you two, whatever that was. If any of the Officers and Troopers you passed on their way to morning mess, noticed the marks decorating your neck, or the hastily tidied hair, none would comment on it. Most dropping their gaze to the floor, though a few dared to give you curious, or in a couple of cases starting to develop, outright filthy looks. It was getting increasingly more difficult to keep on ignoring their odd smirks, and black looks, though you prided yourself that it wasn’t impossible yet. Though he hadn’t verbally commented on your appearance; it was the disgusting and degrading thoughts of you, plucked from the mind of one particularly awful Stormtrooper that was the final straw. You passed by him first before rounding back to outwardly challenging the man. Goading him into trying to do what he had last thought about, to you. The plain clothed Troopers’ thoughts had been particularly vile, and of an overtly sexual nature too. When he faltered, to reply, trying instead to run away, you had called him to stop. Threatening to have him court marshalled, if he didn’t supply his serial number to you. Your brain happily now, processing the crude thoughts he had entertained himself, with sliding heavily towards nervous anticipation, as he registered your uniform and slowly approaching companion. It was Hux, who made the difference, his frame at your back in a show of solidarity. “Is there a problem officer?” “Not as yet Sir, but if he keeps up what he’s thinking there will be.” It unnerved you to have to square up to the Stormtrooper, but his had been the last straw. Hux made sure to stand alongside you, and you were grateful for his return to you. Deducing he had worked out what the trooper had been thinking. It gave you a sense of pride, that he would protect you like this, but leave you to fight your own battles. You felt considerably more secure in your challenge of the Trooper, with your General at your side. You kept your reply curt and correct, addressing your General not the trooper. Figuring, it gave the plain clothed Stormtrooper, a chance to readdress his mistake. One that might, offer you both a chance at avoiding heated confrontation. The trooper looked over to the General for help, amused at first, then faltering as he took in the Generals reaction to him. Deciding that Hux wasn’t about to excuse his actions, he made a hasty and garbled apology. You could sense it wasn’t really aimed at you, more an attempt, to really appease your superior. Stupidly trying to explain himself. “General Sir, I thought she was.” Hux’s voice held a sharp edge to it, and it pleased you. It suggested now clearly to the Stormtrooper, that he would back you up should you choose to punish him. You stood straighter, further bolstered by his protection of you. “You thought, she was who exactly Trooper?” The Stormtrooper, considered something you didn’t quite catch for a moment, but wished you had. You’d been too busy, crowing over Hux backing you up. He seemed indecisive, unable to comprehend what was going on. Clutching at straws, he conceded to what he hoped had been his Generals’ wishes and lied. Unsure as he said it, if he was really lying, or if he had somehow become confused. “No one Sir, I must have been mistaken” “You must have been, Trooper. Please move along.” A little part of you, was cross, that the man wasn’t going to get his comeuppance. But General Hux had been up all night, working. You supposed he needed to get home and get changed, he was such a fastidious man, and would hate still being in last nights’ clothing. It was best to let the Trooper go, after all, how on earth could you have proven his thoughts about you, to the General. Hux had already started walking, and you quickly followed him, almost running in your haste to catch up with him. A sense of relief hit you as you did, seemingly much happier to be around him. Able to better cope with the offensiveness, that was some of the other First Order personnel’s thoughts about you, when near to him. You were aware; that whilst a curse to have such Force-powers, the for the General you would utilize them. Even going as far as to have trained with Kylo Ren, sometimes. You shuddered, almost stumbling at the cold sense of dread, that came over you, at the mere thought of that man’s name. Unable to place the reasoning, but the emotion so strong, that you hankered after a memory, one you couldn’t quite recall. It was like a dead end, virtually a wall, a memory you knew you should place but couldn’t. You frowned, trying to recall what possible reason you would have to fear your superior so much, not able to recall a personal punishment, or particularly upsetting encounter. There was just no actual reason for it, and that unsettled you, far more than anything else. A touch to your shoulder, made you realise you had stopped, you looked up to find Hux waiting. His tired face, making you guilty for holding him up. There was such concern for you, in his beautiful eyes, that you pushed away your thoughts, apologising and telling him to lead on. The man was exhausted, and you were keeping him from his rest. He had spent the whole night working for you, whilst he let you sleep, and it was him who deserved your thoughts now. He had toiled hard for your benefit, further efforts at decoding the loathsome Resistance messages. He did this for you, to help you find your sister, to rescue her from their clutches and return her safely to the First Order. Once at his quarters you had were instructed to get into bed with him. To join him, whilst he grabbed a couple of hours of rest. He wouldn’t get nearly enough, you thought. But you hoped, sufficient enough to enable him to, take on the rest of the day. You awoke late morning, to your hair being stroked, whilst Hux softly encouraged you to wake. You blinked, disoriented at being woken so quickly, but guilty at having slept longer than him. You should have woken before him, or at least when the alarm had gone off, after all you had managed some sleep last night, even if it had been on his couch. Judging from his naked torso, he had just showered, freshly shaved, his hair neatly combed a white towel wrapped his waist. You gave a half smile at that, scenting the clean smell of his soap, mixed with a splash of his cologne, your fingers stroking the damp ends of his hair. He caught your wrist, bringing your palm to his mouth, placing a kiss against it. Murmuring, almost absent mindedly, to himself. “I didn’t think it would work, but it has hasn’t it?” You stared blankly at him, not entirely sure what he meant. You knew Ren had been inside your head, you could albeit vaguely, remember some indistinctive memories, of having agreed with him to alter something. But there was not enough there yet, to recall what exactly you had agreed to do, to understand what the redhead meant. His voice had been so gentle, so full of awe, that you didn’t give it much thought, preferring instead to gaze into his softly lidded eyes, his long lashes heavy when they flashed against his cheek bones. His spare hand touched your cheek, the look of adoration there so intense it made your cheek heat, the flush spreading to your ears. “You really are, my soldier.” It was such an odd thing to hear, from a man normally so sure of himself. There was uncertainty in his voice, and an odd sense of wonderment that you were here. His question had, you confused. Your brown knit in thought, if you had of been stronger you might have attempted to dip into his mind, if only to find out how to reassure him. Why would you be here, willingly in his bed if you weren’t completely his, let alone being his soldier. “Of course I am Sir. Why wouldn’t I be?” His lashes fluttered, seductively, his eyes gazing so intently you dropped your gaze, to his mouth. Fascinated with tracing the outline of his cupids bow, as it pulled to the side in a pleased, lopsided grin. Watching baitedly, as he moved closer, pulling your hand away from his mouth. Hypnotised by the way his lips gently parted as they reached for you, moulding against your own. His mouth pressing firmer, more fervent kisses into your own, his tongue all but demanding entrance. You opened you mouth for him. Your own tongue timid, as it moved against his, a tiny huff of desperation slipping past, and into his waiting mouth. It incited an aggressive growl from him. It was such an abnormal, such unrestrained noise from him, it caused your eyes snap instinctively open, wide in shock at him. Your body’s response was to melt beneath him, whilst he rolled you over onto your back, pressing you firmly and decisively into his bed under his lithe frame. Forcing more enthusiastic noises from your throat, your legs opening for him to nestle between. A bleep sounded, followed by an alarm from his holopad, next to you. Hux broke off your heated embrace, sitting up above you. Falling back onto his heels, to open what you guessed was a data message. He donned a guilty look of concentration, apologising as he got up after inspecting the screen. He was still wrapped in his towel, and as temping as it was to unfasten it, and encourage him to leave off work for a while, you didn’t dare. Not sure enough that he would take it as good natured, as you would mean it. He poured over the screen, occasionally tapping at the screen. Whatever it was, he didn’t look happy, changing as he read it, into a fresh uniform. An even clearer indication of his unwillingness to rest now. He did manage to share a small breakfast with you, and you were doing your best to make him linger over his cup of caff, giving into the mounting curiosity. “That Trooper, who did he think I was?” He looked over the rim of his holopad at you, did he ever stop working? You tried to supply yourself with a memory of him taking time off, but couldn’t, drawing blanks at every turn. Perhaps when you had completed this mission for him, you could encourage him to take a small brake? He broke into a frown, asking you to clarify, who you meant. “The plain clothed Trooper, who did he think I was?” “You wouldn’t like it, if I told you.” You couldn’t shake off the gut feeling, something was being hidden from you. The thoughts that Stormtrooper had about you, had been down right disgusting. Tinged heavily with a personal distaste for you, as though somehow fucking you, would put you in your place. It had only been when Hux appeared that he seemed to “I think I would like to know, all the same General, Sir.” You grimaced now at his refusal, curiosity making you press the matter. Beginning to lose your patience at him, you repeated your previous request. This time with an edge of annoyance to your voice. Hux placed the pad on to the table, giving in to your question. “Remember how we sent you off before? Undercover on that Resistance mission?” You nodded thoughtfully. It was all a still little foggy, but somethings were getting clearer. Then again, having your mind altered. would hold residue hiccups. You remembered very little. of what the mission had been, but that was for the best. It offered authenticity, if you ever got caught. “He was about when we fetched you in, it was done this time, under the pretence of being taken prisoner. I’m afraid we couldn’t really send out a memo to the troops, that you did in fact work for us. It distracted from the realism of your mission, something you had agreed to.” It wasn’t so much that the General lied, as his answer sat somewhat uneasy with you. You pushed the remains of your fruit and yogurt around your plate, picking at a berry to chew slowly on. Something about it all wasn’t right, you could press Hux for more answers, but it felt too distrustful of him to ask for more details. He was obviously trusting you a great deal, having you around his personal quarters with him, and to show suspicions of him seemed wrong. Nobody who looked at you as he did, kissed you like he did could be hiding his feelings from you. He was watching your intently, and when you looked up he raised an eyebrow, in a gentle question. Making you feel even more wretched. You mumbled out an apology, a single ‘sorry’. He asked you to elaborate, on it, promising not to get cross at you. It just weighed heavier on your conscious. “I’m sorry Sir, I really am. I just guess, my memories are still, a little fuzzy.” He gave you a reproachful, but kindly meant stare. Reassuring you, when your confidence began to falter. “And now, you see why you’re to take the time off until your mission? I can get Ren to come and have a look at you if you need it?” You sighed to yourself, shaking your head at his offer, the earlier uncomfortable feelings about Ren, returning. It was only natural to fear the man, elusive memories of overheard gossip, flitter through now, reminding you he could be very unpleasant. Hux picked up his holopad, downing his drink, telling you to take the day to recuperate. Reminding you to ensure you did use this time to rest, there would be precious little time for you to do so soon. “I’ve acquired some new bath oils, and soaps. Why don’t you give them a go?” You nodded, clearing away his cup for him. Hux was right in a round about way. It was silly to stress, and to give the encounter with the Trooper much thought, telling yourself that he was right. The more people that believed that you, had been brought in as a Resistance soldier, the quicker it would get back to their leaders. He ran you a bath before he left, adding a copious amount of expensive smelling oils, to the running water. He also dug you out an old holopad to read, bringing up a selection of old novels he thought you would enjoy. He wished you good bye, looking back wistfully, as he headed back to work. You realised at the last moment, that he had forgotten to kiss you, but you were too tied up in changing out of your uniform, to chase after him. You soaked back in the water, your head trying to sort through the muddle, of your jumbled memories. You guessed there should be some residue memory loss, of that you did sort of have a memory. Ren speaking to you in a dream state, warning you not to get upset that you couldn’t remember everything. Rather, you’d been told not to expect to remember everything, warned that it was a possibility, that you would get confused and still think you owed the Resistance your loyalty. You snarled at that, like you owed that bunch of meddling idiots anything. They should have never split you all up, forced you to change your appearance. You touched your face, your fingers running the line of your features, just how much had they altered your appearance? They had already kept you apart, blocked parts of your memories, you couldn’t even remember how you had been separated, at what point you had lost the other two. You pulled your legs up, resting your chin on your knees. It all felt like you were processing all of this for the first time, having to feel the hurt of the separation again. You supposed it was like this the first time you had your memory wiped, before you had agreed to go under cover for the First Order. Sighing you picked up the datapad, going not over the books that Hux and left open for you, but trying to access the image files. All but one file was blocked to you, it contained a single image of you asleep in his bed, shrugging you put it aside again. You didn’t have the concentration, right now to think it over. Deciding it was time to get out of the bath, you stood up accidently knocking the datapad into the water. You lifted it out, shouting profanities and chastisements, to yourself as the screen darkened, the data chip slipping out. Whilst it must have been a very old model, for it to take on water damage, you didn’t think Hux would be pleased that you had broken it. You hurried to the bedroom, unable to work out whereabouts on the holopad, the data chip had slipped out of. You placed the chip on the bedside cabinet next to you, putting the datapad next to it. You could work it out later on if needed, if not at least Hux would have the chip back, you would just have to apologise later. You dressed, deciding it might be nice, to go for a walk. You touched your hand to the lock, but it refused to open. Deciding it must be an oversight, or fault with the security system, you scooped up the now restless kitten, carrying her into the bedroom. You played with her for an hour or two, before tired out, she fell asleep on you. With nothing else to do you decided to join her, figuring even if you couldn’t sleep well tonight at least you’d be entertained for now. It was evening when you woke, you’d slept far longer than you had intended. Hux had been tiptoeing around the room, you had watched him for a while. “I’m not asleep.” It was kind of him to let you sleep, but you wished he had woken you sooner. He was too generous with you. He picked up the broken datapad, looking down at your prone form, from the corner of his eye, his lips giving you an amused half smile, whilst his eyes lit up to see you. “I know you’re not. The chip in your anklet, remember.” You had almost forgotten you had that on, aware it would monitor your health for Hux whilst still here. You pointed to the pad, apologising profusely for its current inactive state. He turned it over, checking it, before taking it away, depositing it in the rubbish cute in the bathroom. Assuring you not to worry, that it had been a very old one anyway. “What about the chip?” You pushed yourself, to the side of the bed, pulling aside the covers. “It’s an old model, there is nothing of importance on it, nothing I need. Are you hungry?” It never occurred to you, to question why then; if it had been old, there had been a picture of you on it. His question could have been meant for you, or the small cat, now stroking it’s self against Hux. Either way, it was both of you, who followed him into the small kitchen. He placed food and water down for the cat, before asking you what you wanted to eat. You felt bad, he had worked all day, and you should have thought to have food waiting for him instead. You offered to cook for him, but he declined graciously. Pushing you back to sit on one of the couches. “You need to rest. Like I have told you, once the Resistance have you back, it won’t be so easy to find peace.” “I really can cook Sir, and you’ve been working all day.” You really felt guilty, but he was so insistent that you gave in trying to argue. Your offer to light the fire in the grate, however was pleasantly accepted. He both cooked and then cleared up for you, sharing a drink with you afterwards. It was nice and cosy sat with him, and it would seem the cat. The perks of being, a higher level officer you mused, you weren’t bothered about the larger spaces, more the privacy of it all, and in tonight’s case the welcome firelight. He had dimmed the lights, allowing you to snuggle up to him. Every now and again you kept stealing quick glances at him, he really was so, handsome, so clean cut. So well-groomed, and elegantly poised, attractive as it was, everything in you wanted to mess that up. To have his clothing dishevelled, and his hair an absolute mess. You lingered on the curve of his cupids bow, his full lips all the more appealing as you, imagined what he could do with them. It stopped you in your tracts, your memories really were messed up. You were obviously living with him, he kissed you like you had been intimate with him. But other than an obscure memory of falling asleep sated last night, you couldn’t remember ever of having sex with the man. It made you uncomfortable, tense, how the hell was it that he could look at you that way, but you couldn’t remember why. “Kitten?” You looked up at him, the wet of your eyes so unexpected, it was almost foreign to you. He wiped away your tears, his face full of worry as he looked over you. “What’s wrong?” You took a deep shuddering breath, shouldering your embarrassment, against your need to know. “I don’t remember.” You sounded so lost, so forlorn, that he pulled you onto his lap, his work discarded in concern for you. You picked at a speck on your thumb nail, whilst he spoke, needing something to centre yourself on. “Ren said this time would be a difficult rewrite. I’m sorry, I had hoped it would have gone better for you, this time at least.” This time? So had there been other reconditioning? It would help to explain, why there was such a void of memories. He went on, reminding you of facts you may have forgotten, simple mundane useless facts that you didn’t care about right now. You’d be forgetting them soon, when you went back to the Resistance. So who cared what rank you held, where you had trained or what you had done before this. You remembered agreeing to the reconditioning. It was the only way, anyone could see to get your sister back, that was the main thing. But that could wait, you weren’t interested in that right now. You interrupted him, unfairly cross at him, frustrated that he hadn’t understood you. “No General! This. Us. Me. Being here, in your rooms, do I normally live here?” He shut up, his face a mask of questions, ones that you decided would have to wait for you. If you stopped now, you would lose your bottle. “What exactly are we to each other, are we intimate? I’m sorry, it’s I just don’t remember.” You trailed off again. Once more picking at your skin, he took your hands in his. You had almost made yourself bleed, it was sore and the skin reddened and broken. He sighed, pulling your hand to him, to kiss it better. “You stay here, because it is the safest place for me to keep you. I suppose, that you could say that you were living here before. We, as anything, are undecided. Whilst you professed a desire to be intimate with me before your reconditioning, it was never acted upon then.” He now looked regretful. “I shouldn’t have kissed you on either occasions, it was wrong of me to do so. I should have waited for your mind to settle, and not further confused you. I should have asked you, what you wanted first.” You nodded, and he pulled your chin up towards him. Your lips pursed in thought, if you remembered correctly facts could be changed, memories altered. But emotions happened on a chemical level, not as easy to manipulate. Therefore; it was fairly safe to believe him, that you had wanted this before. Your gut churned suddenly worried that he was politely refusing you, before pushing it aside. You were being stupid, anyone who didn’t want someone, didn’t then kiss them, like he did you. He cleared his throat and you raised your eyes, aware he had been waiting, for you to finish. You started to apologise to him. Only to have his finger placed against your lip, to silence you. “Is that what you’re asking for Kitten? For me to be intimate with you?” Notes: SO, if this reads correctly and I have done it correctly? The switch in memories, Ren got her to agree has been done. Chapter 15 : Defcon 1 Notes: As always thank you to those who have stuck with it, and have left comments and kudos. I really apprechiate it, and like to talk with people on here, you all seem a lovely bunch of people. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) A lesser man than Hux, would have taken advantage of your confusion at what you wanted from him. They would have pushed you to an action, you later may have regretted. As it was Hux didn’t even press you for an answer, leaving you time to think it over. He had left you nearly two days, to find your answer, to his question. Your body certain in its reply, wanting him to be intimate with you, your head less so. You had been assured many times, mainly at night, when he slid beneath the sheet, his hands gentle, firm as he gripped you, that it was okay. The dark swallowing your hesitation, to allow you to speak unfretted, unhindered by the nervousness daylight bought. Had there ever been more than you could remember, or was it as you did? Hux was patient in his endeavour’s to reassure you, that it was okay, that your confusion was normal, and that once, yes you had almost been lovers. But it wasn’t okay, which set of memories were yours, and which were the set they had implanted? Where you the loyal First Order officer, who had agreed to go undercover in Resistance territory, or where you the tortured Resistance member, turned traitor, for your own selfish goals. Whichever one it was, it seemed the process hadn’t completely worked, and you were petrified at what it all meant. Would you be dispatched, or would they terminate you, either way you were of no use to them if you didn’t sort your head out. You didn’t dare be completely honest, and you hated lying to the man, your heart told you, you should be devoted to. Hux in turn, allowed you to take as much, or as little physical comfort from him as you needed. Of course, providing it was done in private away from others of the First Order. That you understood, and excepted, willingly taking from him without hesitation or confusion, but it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t what you needed. Your dedication to Hux, was one of the things you didn’t doubt. That and the incessant need to find Esme. It was when you were out and about the base, that was the main problem. Then, devoid of the familiarity and comfort of his quarters, you needed his reassurance the most. You wanted to have his arm around you, when you were being led to debriefing sessions, but you instead had to maintain a cool and distant professional persona. For Hux to be even suspected by his officers, of being in a compromising situation with you, would have been unfitting. It would hardly have been appropriate for a commanding officer, of the First Order, to be seen being affectionate with a subordinate. Especially to one whom, the whole base had to believe was Resistance Scum. He had spent the next day, working from his personal quarters. He was worried about you, that much was apparent in his actions, if not words. He had hovered around you all morning, making time to take regular brakes with you, ensuring you didn’t skip meals, and drank plenty. Sending you off for another relaxing bath midmorning. He had admitted installing the bath for you, whilst it was nothing ostentatious, the kindly gesture wasn’t lost on you. You’d never seen the General take a bath, it seemed too an extravagant waste of his time, when a quick shower would suffice. But he would happily seat you in one for hours, constantly checking you were okay, and needed nothing. This time he had fetched you a spiced tea, and biscuits. You thanked him, doing your best to decline the food, but thankful for the tea. You drank absent mindedly, getting out of the bath to accept the huge towel the redhead held open for you. He tucked it under your arms, setting up a holovid in his bedroom, dressing you in an undershirt of his, before leaving you with the kitten to snuggle up and watch it. He climbed onto the bed with you, insisting that as he had cooked them himself, you try the biscuits. You smiled, nibbling on the one he held out to you, declining your offers, then pouts that you could feed yourself. It wasn’t that you objected to him caring, just that you wished he’d give you some independence. He sat with you, scowling at the vid he had chosen for you. To be fair, it wasn’t really one you were all that keen on, but it was so nice of him to dig it out for you, that it seemed mean to have complained at him. “A date has been chosen to send you back,” You looked over to him, the second biscuit, you had taken to avoid him feeding you, dropping to your lap in dismay. “intelligence tells us that the Resistance will try, and brake into a prisoner transport convoy, three days from now.” It was like an iron weight dropped suddenly into your belly, it was both sad you were leaving him, and nerve-racking. What if you messed it all up, what if something went wrong and they failed to take you? So much was at stake if you failed. He looked inquisitively at you, his brow furrowing. Boosted by his earlier tolerance of your worries, you gave into the nagging feeling for his reassurance. “The Resistance, will they not just guess it’s a ruse?” He stroked your arm reassuringly, pulling you closer to nestle against him. You would miss this, the closeness, his incredible smell. It was this that was starting to convince you the set of memories, that made you loyal to him, had to be true. There was no way he would lower himself to this, to coddle the enemy, he would have destroyed you if that were the case, surely? So why was it still so hard to push aside your last few niggling doubts. Why did they make you so, crippling self-doubting, of your orders? “We will make your rescue authentic. It is the perfect opportunity to send you to them.” You weren’t so sure. With your memories so scrambled, how were you to know, which side you were really on. How would you know who you really were? “And my reconditioning General?” He seemed to think your worry inconsequential, and not aware of the full facts, he brushed aside your concerns. Stroking at your hair as he spoke, almost absentmindedly. “What of it?” “Will they not guess, that I am not really Resistance?” He kissed the top of your head, not letting you up, tightening his grip on you. It was nice, he’d been so nice to you. It made your distrust all the more unsettling, there was no way someone who looked after you this well, didn’t care. “No, it has all been done too well, we have spent months creating a back story for you. The rest of your supposed unit has all been wiped out, the information transferred to you is the only copy in existence. You will behave just as we need you to, a rescued dispatch messenger. Desperate for the information you carry and fuelled by their foolish sentiment they will take you back into their folds. Once inside you may search for your missing sister, and any information we request.” It was the same answer he gave every time, you doubted. Hux had told you they’d intercepted you half way through your mission, they had attempted to get the information from you, but couldn’t. It could only be decoded by the intended recipient, in your case Luke Skywalker. He had returned from his exile, there were too many rumours of a New Jedi Order rising, and Snokes orders were to nip it in the bud. To find those intending to join it, and either add them to his ranks, or kill them, he would not take risks. But with that information still unobtainable, they were faced only with the option of sending you back, they needed the list, and you needed your sister. “Yes Sir, I understand. Duty before family and all that.” “Good, we have a mole already placed in the Resistance. You will be kept unaware of him; however, he will pass on the information you acquire to us. He will also monitor your progress, keep us aware of any changes in your conformity.” That seemed odd, if he was so sure his conditioning had worked. So why did you have to be watched? You supressed a shudder, was this inside spy just their contact, or an insurance policy. If you messed up would you be pulled out, or just removed ? “You do realise you will need to look the part?” He grimaced, further unsettling you. He meant you looked too well cared for, to be a tortured prisoner. There were still the odd bruises and there, and the almost mended brakes, and dislocations would show on medical scans. But he needed you to look broken, at least outwardly. “You need to hurt me don’t you?” He nodded, promising to do it under aesthetic. You would be given painkillers to lessen the initial blow, and sedatives during the transfer. But it was still scary, you trembled, visibly frightened now unable to calm yourself. He was going to do his best to make it comfortable for you, but that worried you more than anything. You didn’t want your last days in some drug induced stupor, or a stranger having access to your body. The more you thought over it, the more it seemed the right way to do it. You didn’t have much confidence, but you would rather it was his hands on you than a stranger. “Please Sir.” You raised to your knees, in front of him, head lowered begging him to do it himself. You knew Ren claimed, he had sufficiently prepared you mentally, to appear shattered by torture, a task you could vaguely remember him claiming distaste over. So surely, in the name of the Order, Hux could do his part, you would go back broken, but at his hands, the marks his. He declined, almost fearful, panicked, in his refusal. He wasn’t an expert; he might hurt you too much. But you shook your head, the pleads becoming more insistent. You didn’t understand it, he had no problems hurting you in the past. “I know you tortured me when I first came here, I can remember it. It’s fuzzy, but I know you did it.” The confidence in your voice had mostly been feigned, it was something you were almost certain of but not sure. He recoiled from you, making you wonder if you had it wrong, touching the scar to your leg. If you weren’t right in it having been real, and not an implanted memory then, where had the scar come from. He backed from the bed, leaving not just his room, but his entire quarters. You hung your head in shame, wrapping your arms around you for comfort. You had gone too far, pushed him away, in your haste to have him do a task he clearly thought distasteful. Your lip quivered, you had precious little time with him, and now you had cut it even shorter. You rolled over, punching the bed in frustration, screaming into the pillow. Willing your breathing to slow down, hand on your chest, to count your measured breaths. It was just under control when you heard the entrance door open. An apology yelled out, garbled in your hurry to placated him, practically running through to the living area, to greet Hux. You didn’t dare let yourself think what would happen, if he would not accept your apology, hoping that it would be enough. It wasn’t him, you almost collided with the black mass, sliding back on your feet away from him. You apologised, as it crouched next to you, fear fully registering when you realised who he was. It was perfectly normal to be afraid you reasoned, the rumours of him were awful. You tried reasoning with yourself, he was on your side wasn’t he? Then why was the fear you felt, slowly being laced through with a stone cold hatred of him? “Hux, feels your reconditioning is slipping. He thinks I have failed in my endeavours to change you, but I haven’t failed, have I?” You shook your head, no in an answer to his question, but in confusion at it. He came towards you, hand held out in a claw and you fought against the invisible bonds in your mind. The vocoder made the impassiveness, all the more nerving. “It should have worked, so little Jedi I will only ask you this once, what did you do.” “I didn’t do anything.” “DON’T LIE TO ME!” Splutters, broke through his mask, a deep burst of static as he took a calming breath, kneeling to put two fingers to your temple. His voice back to its expressionless calm. “This will be much less painful for you if you co-operate. What have you done?” It felt like his fingers, scratching in your head, more painful than when he had first mind probed you. He was doing it deliberately, you screamed praying, this time you were right. You honestly had no idea, what you had done, but it was making him angry. No “I don’t know.” He cocked his head to one side, the pain in your head lessening, this reply he seemed to accept. “Better.” He stood, giving you time to scramble to your feet, you stood unflinching. Letting him rifle through your head, trusting he could find what he needed, that it was enough to let you go. Some thoughts interested him, others he just cast aside, one thing was definite though, he could not find what he was looking for. “This whole mission requires your loyalty, allow me to show you what will happen if you fail me.” He pushed an image into your mind, both Adrianna and Esme bound in chains, whilst Ren fucked Esme, screaming her him to stop. He repeatedly pressing his sabre against her skin, burning her, cutting into nonessential flesh and body parts, almost to the point of death. Allowing her only to rest when they sent her to the Bacta tanks to heal. Beginning a new round of torture, on Adrianna replacing her with Esme when she was spent, repeating a never ending cycle between them both. It was so graphically depicted it made you sick, a memory of a previous conversation a promise he had already broken. “If you fail, I will send Adrianna to fetch me Esme.” It sickened you, Esme had always been so gentle, quiet, better that she was dead, then him do this to her. The bile that threaten to spill, seemed to engulf your fury, leaving your words an almost pained whisper, a disappointment to your rage. “I thought you promised not to hurt us.” He paused, in his Force-vision, removing his mask. His face was stone cold, jaw set, but eyes when they met yours betrayed him. Something was troubling him, they looked almost haunted, he didn’t want to do this you realised. He shook his head, not just refusal at you, you could sense but himself too, how much a hold did Snoke hold on him, to push him to this. “No, I promised not to hurt you. I was only permitted one of you.” “To be dammed with me, what way does hurting the people I love, not hurt me Commander. Why am I any different to the other two?” He didn’t reply making you wonder if you had struck a nerve, it was all so dammed confusing. He sat down suddenly weary, shoulders slumped, you made a play for honesty, hoping it was the right thing to do, even if it wasn’t what you wanted to do. “I’m confused, everything is so mixed up,” You sat down opposite him. “I’m frightened of messing it all up.” He reached an arm out, almost touching you, stopping when you flinched away from him. Disgusted that he would even think to touch you, after the brutal scene he had shown you. “You don’t have to be, so long as you trust the reconditioning, it will take. You will perform well enough under either roles, the Jedi won’t know. This I can promise.” You still had your doubts, how the hell could he promise anything. He slid to his knees in front of you, still not touching, but there was something raw, open about the positon. It was none threatening, designed to put you at ease, the opposite of how you felt. “How can you be so sure it will not fail?” You were full of derisive, if it all went wrong one or both sides would try and kill you. It was no skin off their backs if it all went tits up. It mattered not to him what happened, but it would to your sister. “Because, it was your Skywalker who taught me how to do it, all you have to do is believe the right set of memories for the location. It will be enough to get you past, their interrogation.” You knew you would have to face interrogation at the other end, possibly by Jedi, or from a telepathic member of the Resistance. His hand slid again to your temple, this time instead of riffling your memories, and thoughts; it was a feeling of calm obedience he pushed at you, relaxing you welcomed yourself into it. The hand slid down, cupping your chin, thumb under the hollow of your lip. Did no one touch you with their bare hands you thought, eyes widening as Ren slipped off one glove. Dropping it to the side of you, stroking the backs of his fingers across your cheek. “You do realise, there was a time you should have been mine, not his. That all that was decent that passed between us must now be defiled, for the greater good.” There was no time to process his quiet comment. Nor to protest your refusal, as his hand slipped to pull you by the back of your head to him. His lips were soft when they met yours, a strange opposite of all the memories you had of Ren, this kiss so gentle so innocent of anything but tenderness. It confused you more so than the memories he had shown you, further compacted by his eyes searching yours. He was waiting, you realised, hoping for something, something you didn’t understand, let alone reciprocate. It just made you angrier at him, cross that he would ignore the professional boundaries set in place, by his superiors. “The General, never tortured you. Every physical, that he did to you, in the interrogation chair, they were implanted memories. But he has broken you. We’ve all gone too far now, we can’t turn back. I suppose in the long run, it no longer matters what you remember, just what you believe ” There was guilt in his admission, aimed mainly at yourself, but also at a personal level. Not for the first time you felt, not that he was lying to you, but holding something back from you. “REN!” You hadn’t even registered the arrival of your General, but you were relived beyond measure to have him here now. “Get away, I will not have you upset her in my quarters.” The Knight quickly backed away, pulling on his glove before dragging an unhappy, and ruffled Hux to his bedroom. The door was shut on you, and you curled up onto yourself, tucking your knees under the shirt to you. That they were arguing about you, was a given but other than drifts of indecipherable shouted whispers, you couldn’t work out what was being said. The door flew open and Ren had his mask on once more. Again an untellable mix of emotions rolled off him; giving you a sensation of unguided fear, not for himself, but you. Where you the target of his nervousness, or was the Generals possible reaction it? He stopped before you, his mask taking in your seated countenance. He pushed forwards the memory of Hux threatening to punish you in your hospital bed. ‘ Tell him you’re ready.’ He was despondent you realised, quickly shielding himself off from your reply. You wanted so much to ask him what was meant by all of this. You had all gone too far for what? He paused at the door, dropping his shields, pushing forwards a last reminder to trust what felt right at the time. ‘Nothing will be as black and white as it seems, remember Hux is not your only protector.’ He was gone then, in an angry flurry of black and metal. Leaving you just as cross and bewildered, in his absence as you had been his presence. Hux was equally as maddened, although he concealed it well. But for your Force-sensitivity, and the telepathy your Zeltron side gifted you with, you too wouldn’t have noticed it. There was a drink placed in your hand, and though it seemed a little early you took it in one mouthful. Not for the first time in all of this wishing you could just be blind drunk. Hux gave you a questioning stare, one you simply answered with a shrug. He wasn’t going to let it go that easily thought, his concern for you evident in his verbal request for you to talk. It wasn’t something you wanted to discuss, but there would be only one reason he would press you. “Ren has told you I was worried?” “Yes, and I must admit to disappointment that you didn’t talk to me first.” He had no reason to be upset at you, it wasn’t your choice to tell either of the men, his mistrust of you, was making it worse. Hux should have more sense, and believed that if you had wanted to talk, it would have been to him. You laughed at the absurdness of it all, you were about to go on a mission that one way or another could get you killed, and still they bickered over something so pointless. “I didn’t talk to Ren, he ripped my concern from my head.” Did he really not deserve the ire in your voice, it was after all not just him who had pushed you? Though Ren was equally to blame, he had taken that concern from you without any regard for your personal feelings, some weird misguided attempt at him caring. It wasn’t helping matters, and Hux must have already been on tenterhooks to snap back so quickly. “That was because you refused to talk to me.” “I didn’t refuse to talk to anyone, I wasn’t asked.” “Yes you were asked, Officer. You were asked plenty of times if you were okay.” “Oh, and you’d just tell the man capable of having you killed, that you weren’t sure where your loyalties lay would you?” He looked aghast at you, not at all the reaction you were expecting. Hux was so pragmatic, it didn’t make sense for him to look upset at having to deal with the possibility he may have to assassinate you. Your replies had gotten louder, both of you having to calm your voices, back to a less deafening tone. “The First Order, does not easily put down its assets.” You closed your eyes, swinging your head to the floor, resting it on your knees, wrapping your arms tighter around them. So that’s all you were in the grand scheme, an asset, it made your jaw clench in frustration at him, were you still playing this? “You tortured me, Ren claims it was in my head, but no it can't of been. There are marks, Sir.” You pointed to the mark on your thigh, Hux dropping to his knees before you. The second time that day you had, one of the most powerful men in the First Order on their knees before you. His fingers grazed the spot over your femoral artery, your last clear memory, it all making sense. “This is the only mark from the torture you carry, all else physical, that happened in that room was implanted by Ren. This I promise you (y/n).” You had failed Adrianna, now your only hope was to get Esme, and hide her. Now though there was no aggression in your voice, just a hollow certainty there was more than anyone was letting on, and Ren had been trying to tell you all along. Why? “But, there was still the sex yes? And this isn’t the first round of reconditioning is it, General?" It was all so hazy, but you needed to push through it. You struck at the only option you could see left open to you. "I only have to believe what I want at the time, for the memories to make sense, yes?” He nodded, dipping his head to the mark on your leg, and you let it all go. All that you remembered of the First Order, completely replaced by another memory, an older one, one you had discounted as false. It was a memory that coincided with the picture on the older data pad. You had assumed it was a new picture, taken without your knowllege. But it wasn’t, that datapad was cut off from the software mainframe, it was an old picture, one he had kept. This wasn’t your first time in the First Order’s custody, nor the Generals bed, he hadn’t been lying there. You hit him, weeks and weeks of rage, behind a punch, he didn’t dodge. He may not have tortured you on that table, but what he had done to you in the weeks after, was worse. “You know, this time I thought the reconditioning would hold. That you would return your loyalty to me, but its slipped hasn’t it?” He pinched your jaw in his hand studying you intently, eyes searching. Your lip cured to a sneer at him, a promise you now made in anger, weakly to yourself. “I have never, been yours.” “Yes you bloody well are!” He pinned you, a dark mark joining the split to his lip, you had gifted him with. It was better this way you decided, better that he kill you. The press of that broken flesh to your lips, had you so shocked, it took you a moment to realise you were kissing him back. Tasting both his blood and broken skin, clinging onto him as you realised what it all meant. “You’re not going to kill me? “No Kitten, I always thought it was a silly plan,” His lashes flutter, the long pale hair dusting his cheeks before looking back at you. “I have always preferred you like this, Ren wanted you far too obedient.” This time your reply was a whisper, to his gently stroking hands. The anger replaced by quiet certainty. "I have been here before, haven't I?" Again he nodded, so calm and collect in the face of a possible failure. “You knew I was compromised from the start. But not as much as you are, isn’t that right?” It was a weakness to him, one that he had indulged in to get you to play ball, to bind your allegiance to him, but it had failed catastrophically for him. He was as equally yours as, you were his. It scared him to think that for you he would question his own binding devotion to the First Order. But questioning it still wasn’t as simple as acting on it. It was all too easy for you to flip him to his back, in this you believed whole heartedly. This was your enemy, but you wanted him, your entire body screaming for you to do it. Your eyes darkened, and beneath you he gasped, suddenly aroused. His cock swollen against his trousers, pressing into you where you straddled him. In this you were confident, your reply almost but not enough, the heartless murmur you attempted. “I’m as much yours General, as you are mine.” He pulled himself up into a seated position, fingers tangling to pull at your hair painfully yanking your neck to a side. You took a deep, shuddering breath, relaxing into his hold. Ren was far more perspective than you had given him credit for, he had seen Hux slipping well before you, and he would use it to his advantage. The First Order wanted that list, you needed to protect your sister, and you needed to get out. “Am I right, sir?” His reply was a barely perceptible nod, before he drove his teeth into your neck making you grind yourself against him. There was far more than you could recall between you both, but it had always been there. His attraction, had always ran deeper than your torture. “Yes, my little soldier, you are as perceptive as always. We are as much each other’s, as we are our own.” It was there in his answer, in his taunting, if you had just listened to him. It was more than a pet name, you had once been exactly that; his soldier. The distaste for you ran deeper than you being Resistance, somehow you had let him down before and he struggled. Struggled to keep you safe, knowing that one wrong step would give him away. It was why he had sent you to Ren; to prove you were nothing to him, whilst still risking everything. You climbed off him, sliding to your knees in abeyance before him. He had protected you for so long, that to refuse this would endanger both of you. You needed his hand to be the one that guided this next bit, letting a medic do it, would put him at further risk. There was only one thing you could think of to make him change his mind, you needed him heartless, unfeeling. “I am ready for my punishment now Sir.” Notes: It is hard sometime adding bits leading up to other chapters. I talk the most about this story because it has the most plot, so I understandably worry it sounds different in my head, because I have access to all of the facts. Chapter 16 : Double Take Summary: I haven't had time to check this over, as such. But I am off away for a little bit (Castles, weapon lessons, basically a much needed holiday, there may even be fancydress) so I have posted this. I probably will write whilst I am away, but probably not this (I have something non Star Wars in the making), so there won't be an update until next week at least. This chapter has its violent moments, so be warned. He shook his head, the thought of actually laying hands on you in such a violent way, now so abhorrent to a man who had beaten you, when his temper struck. “No Kitten.” That one sentence, was practically begging you not to make him do it. You shook your own head disbelieving at his refusal, to dirty his own hands. Your ribs had healed quickly, the Bacta treatment aiding you, currently your body was free of aches and pains. A shudder of fear ran your spine, it wasn’t just the pain that worried you, but the heady euphoria it brought. You for the first time since you had manipulated him that first time, initiated contact running a finger along his cheek, head still lowered. You couldn’t allow yourself to look at him, too worried now you’d lose your resolve. Anger was the way to manipulate Hux, it took a lot to rile him, but for some reason you had been gifted with that ability. “Why are you afraid of it?” His voice sounded choked, forced in his disbelief that you kept asking. “Of hurting you, yes.” This was getting nowhere you played the hand left to you, praying to all that was sacred to you he would bite. You couldn’t allow yourself permission to wonder what would happen if your failed this one. “Ren would do it.” Beneath your fingertips you felt his body stiffen, and the sharp inhalation of his breath, just one more push and you would be sorted. You dropped your voice, throat clenching at the horror of what it would mean if this went wrong. “If you won’t do it Sir, then I will ask him.” His breath shuddered through his lungs, deep gasping lungful’s of oxygen, his jaw gritted, trying to stay calm, as he weighed up his options. Ultimately he had none, he knew you had him trapped. To refuse this and be found out; would question not only his loyalty to the First Order, but his ability to perform well as your handler. He closed his eyes, embracing the anger, he had apparently agreed to hold back on, each and every syllable a declaration of it. “You manipulative little Bitch!” It was the precursor for his fist, swinging to meet your cheek. A deafening crack sounded, and this time you knew he had broken it. It hurt, but it was necessary. There was no way you would be would let you go, if anyone suspected that this had gone wrong somewhere. “Would you let him fuck you again, as he did it too.” You were slammed into the floor, spitting out bloodied saliva, when your molars cut into your cheek. Had you ever before thought you had ever seen him mad, this proved without a doubt, you were mistaken. This Hux was furry personified, it cut through you to know it came from a deep seated hurt, but you had your priorities. There had been a time when you had wanted to hurt him, to make him suffer, but you were beyond that now. There was only an empty painful feeling, when he pinned you down. Tears pricked the corners of your eyes, these would be the most genuine you had yet to shed. You choked them back, too worried now to let up on your manoeuvrings. “Why not, it didn’t seem to matter to you last time.” You knew you were cutting into him, by making him do this to you. Yes, he was your enemy now, but there had been a time when he wasn’t and he evidently remembered it better than you. Deep down, in an odd sick way, you knew that, you loved him, but whatever had been, this was the final nail in that coffin. You weren’t stupid, he had left too many clues. He had wanted you to remember, and it ate you from the inside that you couldn’t for him. There had to have been a reason you were drawn to him in that nightclub, why you respected him, despite everything he did. Maybe once he had protected you, tried to mould you into a loyal subordinate, but now it was all a blur of adrenaline. The hand fisted in the hair at the back of your head, dragging loose stands of it to tangle in his leather clad fingers. He held you in place with it, the spare lifting the long shirt of his you wore, over your ass. Not caring when the seams on his garment threatened to stretch, literally ripping your knickers from you. His hand was anything but gentle when it connected, nor was he particular as to where it landed, your back, your bottom, your thighs, even the backs of your arms were marked dark red, purple in places. You flipped him from you, running towards the bedroom, you knew you couldn’t get out, but could you keep him out? It was a stupid idea, there was nowhere in the ship he didn’t have access to. “You wanted me to do this, so get your arse back here!” You hadn’t counted on it being so intense though, nor your body to react this suddenly, this aggressively. He grabbed hold of you, tossing you to the floor, another bruise already forming on your shoulder when it hit the bed frame. The look he shot you was so dark, you almost wet yourself in fear when he grabbed your throat. Smashing the back of your head into the wall, knocking another dark mark into your hip. You had however counted on his response to be strongly sexual. His cock strained against his trousers, heavy with blood, angry and throbbing. He ignored it to pick you up, throwing you onto blessedly onto the softness of his bed, pressing himself over your back. His hands at your hips pulling you back, by your wrists. He held them in place behind you, one hand gripping to your bicep, wrenching that shoulder painfully from your socket. You screamed in agony, almost dislocating your elbows, jerking to be free of his grip on you to cradle your arm. There was no reprieve, just Hux pushing it painfully back into place, his face almost passive as he watched you, devouring your fear. You screamed again, rolling forwards for a brief reprieve refusing to let the tears slip from your eyes, as he hunted in a draw. It didn’t take him long, his belongings kept impeccably sorted and he returned, holding forth a pair of binders. There was a hairs breath of a pause and something akin to confusion passed over his features before he gripped first your tender arm, using the pain it elicited to easily control you into rolling over. Your wrist was guided to the wall and Hux fastened the retainers, he had produced around your both your waiting wrists. Adding a loose chain to shackle you loosely to the bedframe. There was the sound of fabric slitting, and a sharp blade gently scratched your spine as the synth-cloth gave beneath it. He unfasted his belt, making a show of sliding loose from his trousers, and he shoved your face into the pillow to muffle your screams, as it bit painfully into your flesh. Not seeming to care if the buckle hit you, skin splitting from the force of his blows. You screamed until you were hoarse, the belt landing excruciatingly against your breasts, the softer skin of your belly and hips. Before he flipped you over, to continue his assault on your other side. You were a mess, but he wasn’t done, there had to be weeks’ worth of injuries, no one could suspect he had gone soft on you. There was an evident wetness between your legs, and you frowned as he noticed it, his smirk at your reaction plain, as his dilated pupils, the bulge at his pants. He twisted a nipple, the first obvious sexual action he made in a session not by your design as overtly sexual as this would become. “Is this what you wanted my little slut?” The tears finally fell, in rivulets across your cheeks, a horrible burning sensation of shame hit your throat. Making it difficult to speak, strangling your words, there was more to this, more than he was telling you. You could barely manage even your nod, and beneath your clothes there was the tell tail signs of your arousal. At least there would be some pleasure for you out of all of this, humiliating pain. You rolled over to kneel when ordered, happy to hide your shame filled face, voice a strangled cry far more emotional than you needed it to be. “I am not your, slut, your soldier, not your anything.” “Perhaps not now, but you were Kitten.” His own voice dangerously close to cracking, fingers trailing the scar on your leg. “Should I leave you with another reminder, one even their re-education, will not let you escape?” The mattress dipped as he moved, booted footsteps inched away, leaving you just long enough to panic. He returned holding up the blade he used to cut the shirt you’d worn in two. It pressed against you, running the length of your spine, as he hummed to himself, straddling your lower back. He hadn’t cut deep enough to leave a permanent mark yet, but when he pressed it against the back of your neck he did, dragging it across between your shoulders in a complicated pattern. Pushing your forehead into the bed, when you fought him, worried for what he was doing. “You know, I may be compromised, but I at least am not a traitor to the Order. I will do just as we planned then, return you to your beloved Resistance to deliver your message, and you will do just as I desire once there.” You struggled beneath him, frightened for what came next, you really had unleashed a dangerous monster. Far scarier when handed emotions he couldn’t deal with than Ren, who seemingly dealt with his daemons on a daily basis. The hate was evident in his voice as you struggled with yourself to process, what he had said. “It is fitting that you do so with your own true symbol carved into your skin, marking you as the Traitor you are!” Your voice was riddled with disbelief and contempt for him. You were not able nor willing to accept his statement. Was he so entwined with his devotion to the First Order, that he saw your inability to defect as a personal issue. “I am no traitor!” “What TK-0009, are we not sharing other people’s guilty secrets right now?” You could almost hear the pleased smirk in his voice as he delivered his killing blow. You went ridged beneath him, shock hitting your stomach like a punch, leaving you gasping, more winded than if he had delivered an actual blow to it. Your mind and belly were in knots unable to, comprehend what he was saying. Is this why Ren’s conditioning had failed, had this been done before, and by who? You gave a renewed struggle, a frenzied fight against him turning you over, his hand circling your throat, making you unable to plead with anything else but your eyes as they bore into the pillow beneath you. He wanted to see the hurt in your eyes, the nauseated confusion, but he allowed you to deny him this once. “That’s impossible, I have never been.” He didn’t allow you to finish, cutting you off. Was it just your threat to put yourself alone with Ren that worried him, or another pain that goaded him to this strength of reaction. “You whored yourself out for the Resistance! Face it they have kept you as much in the dark as we did!” It was we when it suited him, was it. Rarely a him, rarely a you always the Order, and the enemy. You steeled yourself, happy now that in his anger he kept nothing hidden from you, his caring had all been a ruse. You still hadn’t recovered from his first phantom punch; however, your strength was returning with every painful truth he gifted to you. “Why the fuck, are you telling me all of this now?” “Because it doesn’t matter anymore, I tried and you still chose them. You joined our ranks over four years ago, you were the perfect soldier so promising, until he discovered you were Force-sensitive. Why do you think they were so damn willing, to use you for this mission?” That was impossible, you had no memory of ever being First Order. Yes, there had been a time when to your chagrin you had been so self-serving you probably would have gone with the highest bidder. But any memory you had of that was gone, so why was every sense screaming to you that he wasn’t lying? “Why would that make any difference to the Resistance’s choice to use me?” “Because they knew.” His lips found your mark, his tongue running over the pattern of throbbing flesh, scalding hot tears of his own splattering onto you, branding you anew, the salt setting off a new wave of pain in it. You expected more pain, as his fingers digging painfully into your arms, nails biting into your skin. Keeping you in place as he lay his head to your spine, his swollen lips placing kisses into your skin. You had to know, but couldn’t bring yourself to ask, you already couldn’t dispute his claim to your history. That uniform had fitted you too well, it had once been yours and for some reason he had kept it. You opened your mouth to see if he would give you the explanation you needed, winded again by his whispered, emotional filled response. “They knew, I loved you.” Hot and cold prickles ran your skin, somehow you remembered to breathe. There was enough slack in the binders to turn over, your wrists twisted painfully in their restraints, but you needed to see. You already believed him, but you still needed to look at him. He didn’t stop you from flipping over, but he couldn’t look at you when you did, his long pale lashes darkened by tears, lowered to your knees. You ran your eyes over his knelt form, he looked for the first time ever dishevelled, his hair was a glorious mess of fire. But when you looked closer his downcast eyes looked painfully broken, dejected, like you had just ripped the gifted secret from him. So was this the real reason for his current revulsion of you? So much had made sense with his admission. His disgust at when Ren had fucked you each, hadn’t been at you, it had been him for not being able to stop him. All along he had kept this secret, not just from you but from the First Order, did Ren even know? “Ren wanted you before for his grand-plan . I sent you away from him once, you were not supposed to have come back, let alone changed.” He looked up to you, the tears gathering crystal droplets in his lashes, his eyes red rimmed. You had betrayed his trust twice, once by returning, the other by returning for the enemy. “They changed your face and altered your Force-Signature, neither of us knew you, until Ren found out.” This was the second time this man had cried over you, only this time there was no tenderness when he put another silver cuff around you. This time a simple black collar, decorated with a lone bell. It was designed to be functional, but had you have had clothes, easily hidden. And it hung heavily against your skin and heart, resting just above the cuts to your neck. “It’s fitting that I send you back in this too, since by rights it belongs to you.” He pulled the collar back tight to your neck, thinking to himself as he did. Lazily offering you a bargain, as you struggled to breath as it tightened. “I will unfasten you from the bed, you will not try to run. I will use your chip if you do, understood?” You would have nodded if you could, instead you gasped for breath. Mouthing desperate yeses to him, praying as the room swayed he’d let you go. He was too full of concern when you came back around, you blinked struggling to swallow past your swollen throat. Your wrists now loose at your side, the heavy collar still in place, but you could breathe now. Your wrists throbbed painfully and you realised that in your struggled to breath you had broken through the skin on them. His naked fingers touched them, inexplicably tender after the pain they had wrought to everywhere else. “I need to know everything.” He nodded, and you realised that whilst he thought knocking you out and claiming his calmness back meant he had regained his control, the wounded look he kept hidden behind his eyes betrayed it for the exhaustion you knew coursed his system. His hurt was so tangible you could almost taste it, and as his fingers acknowledged each mark he had gifted you with you shudder, not just in fear. He had caught that, and now you had to second guess who was in charge as his lips parted, in wonder. “I can’t tell you everything, some is up to your Resistance to tell you, but you didn’t come here a spy the first time.” You nodded, waiting patiently for him to continue his story. He smirked, a protection against the pain as he told you everything he could. You had joined willingly as an enlisted officer, then had been sent to spy on the Resistance, somehow Ren had encountered you for the first time when you returned with information. Hux had sent you away then, as far from the First Order as he could send you. “He knew you were Force-sensitive, I had always suspected, but I couldn’t protect you anymore once he discovered you. I sent you away from him, this time will be harder, more costly but I will do it again.” So the General had always done his best to keep you from Ren, and somehow you had become loyal to the enemy. Had it been honest allegiance, or had Ren manipulated you that time? Either way Hux had insisted you were sent back, and they had kept you all this time. Ahsoka sending you on this mission in the precept hope, that if you were caught, Hux would keep you alive for her. “You said we had never been intimate, did you mean, that we have never had sex?” He nodded, at your murmur, fingers brushing your collar. He had wanted to, he explained. But had kept quiet, there had been some intimacy, but never sex. The pair of you behaving even then with the same closeness and protectiveness of a couple, but never any sex. You knew what you wanted and at your sigh his eyes softened, realising before you asked what you wanted. “I want to, please.” He looked shocked, not daring to appear pleased yet. He kept his voice level, as reasonable as he could, giving you room to back out. “After everything I have done to you, you want me?” Any doubts you had at his question dissipated when you slowly nodded and he looked down at you in fascinated wonder. His lips parted and he allowed you to dab your finger tip gently to the spit to his lower lip. Your fingers traced the scar you had graced him with, making you hold a shaky breath when instead of rebuking you he kissed your fingertips. “We both carry our marks well, (y/n).” You frowned, the words you would have chosen to add dying on your lips, as he dipped his head. Time stood still at the press of his lips to yours and you opened your mouth to him, allowing him to take control of your body. Your arm wrapped his neck and he pulled you onto his lap, wrapping his arms around you, as you wrapped your legs around his waist. You were wetter than you had a right to be and as he deepened the kiss you spread your legs to welcome him between them. Fingertips touched your collar, stroking up your chin, cupping your face gently in his hands as he kissed you. It was all so restrained though, his touches too gentle. “I’m not made of glass General; you can touch me.” He was hesitant to touch where he had hurt, and you dragged one hand to a bruise at your shoulder, pushing it down into the darkened mark. He pressed against one of his own evolutions, and you whined, at first he drew back afraid to have hurt you now. The dark look of utter lust you shot had him stilling in his attempts, instead brushing against an open slit to your skin. Enamoured by the noises you made, his fingers expertly ran your arms, dipping fingertips to press into the cuts and bruises, each press the correct pressure and length of time to leave you gasping. He gave a serious chuckle, when one close to your nipple had you mewling into his mouth. “Always were a little masochist, weren’t you?” He gave you no time to speak, instead your answer was a hummed agreement into his mouth, pushing yourself into the body pressing you to the bed beneath you. He rutted against you, his lips never leaving your body any longer, then it took them to move to their next chosen location. Each pass of them an unspoken apology for everything he put you through, each mark he had made in resentment. You sighed into him, wrapping your legs around his slim waist, grinding yourself against any part of him you could reach. Your hands sought out the hem of his jacket pulling it from his trousers, reaching for the fastenings at the front. “Hold on.” His hands pinned your newly freed wrists to the bed besides your head, and you gave a panicked moan, worried that he would again fasten your wrists again. He didn’t, giving you instead a stern command to hold them exactly where he placed them, leaving you this time, only your will power to stay bound. He let go, slowly stripping off layers for you. He was a beautiful dishevelled mess, skin flushed from exertion and the effect your writhing beneath him was having. Chest bare he pressed it to your naked breasts, whilst he kicked off his trousers. His hair was a mess, the only time you had seen it such, and as he absent mindedly reached to straighten it you gave into the temptation to touch it. Running your fingers through his ginger tresses to bring his mouth back to yours, groaning into each other’s mouths when your lips met again. Never had anything so wrong tasted, or felt so right, you thought huffing through your noses unwilling to brake off his kiss, even to breathe. He flipped you over, pulling you flush to his chest, arms wrapping your waist to pull you closer against his heated flesh. You sucked on the fingers he presented to you, lathing your tongue between the delicate digits, whilst his own mouth sucked rosettes into your neck. Gifting each unblemished spot with a mark, borne still of passion but not anger. His cock was hard, heavy with blood when he allowed you to take hold of it, and you mesmerised each pass of it, determined not to lose this memory. His fingers reached around your hip, rubbing against the dripping wetness, his teeth nibbling at your ear, your neck anywhere he could reach as you leaned back into his chest. You shuddered as his fingers cupped the softness of your hardened clit, and he rubbed gentle circles into it. Each pass of his fingers a different pattern, designed to bring you pleasure but not completion. You were a babbling mess when he bent you forwards, to fuck you, sliding his cock slowly inside of you. He lay over your back, stroking lazy pattern with his nails, his shaft completely buried inside of your slick cunt. He took several steadying breaths before snapping his hips suddenly back, giving his first thrust a delicious edge of pain when his hips hit back to your ass cheeks. “Harder!” You gasped your order, wanting him much deeper, impossibly so, and on the next thrust he shoved your shoulders, down into the bed, pulling your arms flat to arch your back, up at him. It thrust your pussy further up, and you spread your legs, arching further up for him. Granting him the final few millimetres that made the difference, his cock pressing to your cervix on every thrust. His fingers dug deeper into your shoulder blades, the nail marks stinging when he moved to bring one palm to your ass. It should have hurt more than it did, yet each slap made you wetter, your moans louder. Your ass was glowing red when he was done, and his hand dropped to mirror the one at your other hip. His thrusts so driven, so powerful, that all you could do was take them, no longer able to keep up with them, you were close, and so was he. You gave a little whine, snaking your hand between the bed and your stomach to rub at your clit. He slapped it away, and you bit your lip at the haughty look he shot you. Somehow even untidy, hair tousled, breathless and sweat soaked he still looked so in control, making your cunt clamp down on him. You thought for a moment he would make you beg, and took a breath to do so, shocked when he tossed you off him, flipping you over. He entered you again, leaning on his forearms, hooking one leg over his shoulders, his lips dropping to tongue your nipple as he slowly sped up again. This position ground your swollen clit against his pelvis, and when his fingers finally dropped to touch you there; it took only a couple of flicks of his fingers before you were screaming his name. The sight of you coming undone, was his own undoing and his hips stuttered a breathless cry through gritted teeth. He was careful not to crush you, as he lay over you, resting on his arms. But he steadfastly refused to remove himself from you, pulling the coverlet over the pair of you, stroking hair from your flushed face. “There needs to be more injuries.” You nodded, he was completely right. You still looked too healthy to have spent weeks being tortured. What had been a moment of tenderness was fast fading under his threat, he had already declined to hurt you. Yes, he had done this once in anger, but he wasn’t going to fall for that again, or allow you to put him into a position to do so. You swallowed thickly, trying not to let your anger ruin, what had until now been almost a perfect moment. He gripped your chin making you look at him, as much to see what it cost him to demonstrate this gift, as to watch your reaction. “I will do the rest for you. But you do it under sedation, and in return at night you can still sleep here until you go.” You nodded, a small smile of relief tinging your lips. It seemed to be an aphrodisiac for him, the cock inside you stiffening once more, his hips this time slow and steady as he took you again. Chapter 17 : Taking Aim Day one had gone exactly as Hux had dictated, you had endured several hours of managed torture, just two more to go. He was better at this than he realised, you thought, declining yet again another offer of pain relief. Those drugs would probably work you realised, but at the strength you needed would also knock you out. You had no intention of wasting what little time you had left together sleeping. You wouldn’t be coming back. He had made it clear enough, that he wouldn’t risk you falling into Ren’s hands, and your own priority was Esme. Once you had her, the first thing you would be doing would be heading for some outer rim planet, keeping both of you safe from both warring factions. Two more days you realised. Two more days and that would be it, no more Hux, ever. You took a deep breath, against his neck as he lowered you into the warm water. Another memory you wanted to keep, you thought relaxing as best you could into the warm water. You’d never plucked up the courage to ask if the bath was put in for you. Hux never used it, though he made sure to encourage you into it at every opportunity, and today you went willingly. Knowing that the warmth would both offer some soothing and help the bruises darken, making them appear older. He sluiced water over your head, wetting it before rubbing shampoo through it. Some dripped over your face and you shuddered. Whilst Hux claimed the waterboarding session you had sustained in your earliest days of torture, was a drug induced hallucination it still felt raw, your lungs could still remember struggling for air. You pushed back the panic that rose; subsequent water, cascading your face not at welcome and becoming much harder to deal with. Hux seemed to guess this, and quickly he angled the water to fall away from your face. It was not so much that he helped you wash, as took over, washing you himself. The softly fragranced soap, so white it was almost blue when lathered to suds against your skin. His fingers were nimble as they rubbed the conditioner into your hair, then done with there, the muscles of your shoulders. You had scoffed at his earlier promise to help you bathe, once today’s session had taken place. His own eyes full of seriousness as he strapped you into the chair, checking each one was tight enough that it would leave the necessary mark. Each and every, mark painted into your skin was thought of, though you had been too out of it to remember what and how, but each held a reason, and with the earlier implanted memories you had enough to lie through your debriefing. He had assured you that appearing clean was not out of character, reminding you of the many hosing sessions you had endured. Now you were grateful for it, your back ached from being curled so often in pain at Hux’s ministrations. For a sadist, he took little pleasure in what he did to you, not to say that hurting you hadn’t aroused him. The evidence all too obvious to you at such close quarters, even through your drugged state. He enjoyed both the power over you, and the little pained mewls you gave. The drugs made every blow, every instrument used less painful, and you suspected he had added some of the blue serum to today’s concoction. The room was fully immersed in privacy mode, and only Kylo Ren would have had the clearance and ability to override the locks to the door. Though even with him gone from the base, Hux refused to accept your sincere offers to help you out. It seemed that the interrogation room was one place that he wouldn’t take you. Perhaps it was the memories of you and Ren that put him off, you doubted it was your exhausted and bloody body. Not that he long ignored your requests of bed. Using promises of that to bribe you to force food and drink into your spent body, rewarding each mouthful with praise and offers of sexual favours once he had you there. When you had eaten all you could, politely declining to finish your meal, you expected him to attempt to force you. Doing perhaps doing too little to hide your shock as he offered no challenge, simply clearing away your plates. You were more surprised when he escorted you, not to the cushioned chairs before the fire, but his bedroom, tucking you into his bed. You pouted as he left you, thinking he intended to return to work. He didn’t and you did little to hide your smile when he returned carrying a small carton, scooting over so he could sit on the bed with you. He lifted the lid, dipping a spoon in to scoop out some of the mixture. It was the first time he had ever produced any seemingly, pre-packaged foods. You looked at it not entirely trustful of it’s taste, all your previous diet had been cooked lovingly from scratch by himself. He was a good cook, and this seemed something of a disappointment, after the previous efforts. Dutifully you opened your mouth when ordered, for him to place the spoonful into your mouth. You closed your mouth around the spoon, sucking the cold mixture. As it melted over your tongue, you mentally apologised for your hasty disappointment. It had been so long since you had been given anything sweet, that the lemon flavoured water ice, made you almost dizzy. You let it melt over your tongue slowly, enjoying the flavours and burst of energy the sugar gave you. A shift in the bed as he straddled you, rocking back smoothly onto his heels, the pot held out to you again in invitation. He was again allowing you to refuse, though his look suggested an move towards playfulness, if you accepted. The sharp sweetness of the lemon ice wouldn’t be to everyone’s tastes you realised, but after so long any treat was welcome. A nod and held the spoon it out to you, this time you made a point to look at him as you sucked the offered mixture from the spoon, humming slightly at the taste. His eyes widened, lips relaxing in the wake of your obvious sexual meaning, and this time it was his finger that scooped some of the mixture out. Your lips wrapped it eagerly, swirling your tongue around the sticky leather, whilst watching his reaction. Sucking firmly, as you ran your tongue along each seam, offering his finger the same treatment as you would his cock. Another mouthful and you boldly broke protocol by reaching up to kiss him. Hoping that your desire was by now obvious, as you rubbed your cold tongue against his hot one, warming the chill in your mouth. Another spoonful, this time to his own mouth, followed by the graceful arch of his neck to yours. The heat of his lips and tongue contrasted beautifully, with the ice it contained, and as he kissed you, he passed the mixture between you both. Strangely playful in this new role, letting the mixture melt over your tongue, sharing it until you were forced to swallow. Leaving the taste of both sweetened fruit syrup, and saliva on your tongue. You would be foolish to think he would only tease your mouth with the coldness. A swift twist and tug of his wrist, and he had your sleep shirt pulled up over your breasts. Exposing them to the abnormal ice chill of his breath, followed with a flick of his fingers. Another shared mouthful, followed again by the puckering of his lips to blow the cold air over your nipples, teasing them to hardened peaks. A third mouthful and you pouted at his apparent refusal to share. His face an amused smirk as he expertly pulled a nipple into his mouth with the frozen mixed, rolling it amongst the frigid mixture. Teasing you with it, until the mixture was no longer slush, hovering above your mouth before sealing his lips back to yours, pushing the mixture again for you to swallow. You did so, your body strangely heated by the action. Was it that he so intimately fed you it, after it had been so used. Or was it that he thought enough to not deprive you any of your small treat. Another mouthful and he teased the other nipple, again the ice toying it to painful peaks and you gasped. Fingers itching as they reached to bury themselves into his hair, intercepted by his hands, pinning your wrists to your side. If the ice brought you pain or pleasure, you weren’t entirely sure the lines between both, now perfectly blurred as a hand dipped thankfully lower. He cupped your sex through your small sleep pants, and your cheeks warmed, despite your natural reaction to push up into his hand. You had known before he touched there, that the thick throbbing his teasing caused your cunt, that you would be quite wet. But his voice in your ear made your sex drip, leaking copious amounts to add to the already pooling dampness, and if had been possible you were sure, you would have melted under him like the ice. “You’re obscenely wet Kitten.” His voice was a low growl, at odds with the controlled way his hands removed your knicker, leaving you now naked. Sprawled out invitingly under his immaculately dressed form. It felt so wanton, to be displayed so for him. So fucking hot and dirty, that it made your walls clench when he pushed his stoic face towards your sex. He breathed in deeply, his appearance and uniform kept professional as he placed a kiss against each swollen outer lip. Reaching for the last of the pot, he tipped a blob of still frozen ice over the top of your pubic mound, his tongue running the slit below it. The ice melting swiftly against the heat of your skin, drops of it trailing, tantalisingly lower. There was no teasing, just his tongue dipping inside your slick folds. He ran it quickly up and around your clit, gathering a taste of you, before scooping the sorbet to join it. Raising onto his knees to drop it, and your juices inside your mouth, a heady concoction for you to swallow. The last small lump he, saved to defrost against your clit. As it melted, coaxing the sensitive nub from its protective hood, to join the cold mixture. It was almost too much, just the right side of bearable. The pleasure filled burn of the lemon ice, making the heat of the pulsing bundle of nerves generated seem like molten metal. Was it the low growl, or the finger he pushed sharply inside you that made you whine so loudly? Your cheeks heated, the blush spreading across to the tips of your ears; as he drew the slick fingers around the empty pot, mixing both juices together. He brought it not as expected, against your own lips, but to his, slipping his tongue around them to gather as much moisture as possible. The groan as he swished the mixture around his mouth made all the more obscener, for his professional stance, and clothing. The General of the First Order, savouring the taste of your sex, mixed with his desert. A stab poked your heart, as you realised how much you would miss this. But you pushed it aside, permitted by Hux to draw him down to a kiss. He tasted of you, of his stolen mouthful of sorbet, and you drew him closer, almost making him lose his balance in your eagerness to have him undressed. The apologised at the bruises he had knocked against, ignoring your frenzied protests that it didn’t matter to check you over, that you just needed him naked. It was madness gone awry you realised, as he checked everything pressing gently against the nearby joint. He had dislocated various joints earlier, several of your fingers and the opposite rotary cuff, at your shoulder. All injuries done as promised, under sedation. But now, even with the trace amounts of Bacta doing their best to age the injury, there was still a considerable pain, and the residue throb of protest at being disturbed in places. You flicked your wrist, drawing both his attention, and prying fingers from you. Refusing to let him check over anywhere else, pleading that tomorrow; was soon enough for more medical checks. “Duty before honour.” It was said as much to try and placate your refusal to let him check, as it was an apology to you, but you’d had enough for the day. You were tired, and now this check threatened to move away from the fire he had lit. If you had been right about the blue serum, you couldn’t afford for him to let you down now. “Then isn’t it your duty to finish what you’ve started.” His brow raised, a question to your boldness and a warning. You were under no illusions that, in another more relaxed time he would have been demanding of an apology. But there was no time left for games, imaginary punishments and orders. He stripped off his shirt for you, toeing his boots as he unwrapped his belt, making you shudder as he lay it over you whilst he dispensed with the rest of his clothing. “Eager to continue, are we?” You would have continued with an explanation, if his next movement wasn’t a press of his lips to yours. In one fluid movement; he scooped up his belt from the pile, and wrapped it firmly around your wrists. It pinned them together, and he took the slack at the end to fasten them to the bed above your head. You shot him a nervous glance as he pulled to check the tautness, of the fastening his fingers grazing your brows then wrists, on his way to your throat. “This is not like the interrogation chamber Kitten. You control this, when you want me to stop, tell me.” His fingers flicked the bell at the collar. He hadn’t offered you the chance to remove it, and though only held on by a simple buckle, you had never thought to remove it yourself. Your brows furrowed, in thought as he, opened the draw next to the bed. His lips pursed in thought, as fingers danced over unseen implements. It made you nervous, more so when he pulled a pair of clamps from the draw, making you suck at your bottom lip in anticipation. His mouth dipped to each nipple in turn; and whilst they were already taut with your excitement, he sucked them harder. Drawing back each time with a lewd pop, replacing the grip of his teeth, with a clamp. The clamps hung there quite prettily, decorating your breasts. An ornate chain spangled with gems, spanned the gap between them, spilling down onto your stomach. It wasn’t so bad, not really painful at all you realised, relaxing into the gentle pressure. A tug on the chain and you realised how wrong you had been. The extra weight caused by the pull on them, caused you to make a small whine as he placed the chain into your mouth. Ordering your not to let it go, he trailed lazy circles around the darker hued flesh of your areolas. Running the nail over it, the overly sensitised pebble of nerves making you gasp so loudly you almost lost the chain. There was a look of stern admonition from Hux, before he cupped each breast, flicked thumbs over each nipple. The throbbing at each nipple was increasing, making your pussy throb, your thighs clenching, impatient for his touch. His bare thigh was nuzzled between them, pushing open your legs. He brushed his thigh against you, teasingly allowing a minute amount of pressure to you pussy, but nowhere near enough to get off on. His mouth again replaced his fingers, his teeth gently nipping and scraping against them, whilst your mouths hold on the chain kept the pull from the clamps tight. Fingers ghosted over your flesh, nails scraping whirls against unblemished skin, joined by his mouth as he edged lower. His nails, drug into the soft flesh of your thighs, roughly parting them to his mouth. You waited patiently, expecting as his head dipped lower, the breath tickling against your soaked sex as he hovered above it. It was at the last second, his mouth turned to the side, almost making you cry out in frustration at its missed mark. He sucking a mark to the inside of your thighs, nibbling and kissing towards your knee, before switching to the other side. His hand dipped behind the joint, his nail running a line of broken flesh, traced in earnest by his tongue. The wet scratch stung where the air hit, small droplets of blood beading in places. “Again.” It was a breathless request, made short to avoid your tongue tangling on the chain. He pressed his finger over your knee, the nail digging deeper to your flesh and with a nod from you, he began his accent towards your hip. Again, sanguine dripped from the wound, rubbed in patterns over your skin. Red painted your lips, drying to russet as his fingertips parted your lips. The chain flicked out, all but forgotten as he kissed you, his chest pressing your tender nipples, twisting them as he pushed you into the bed. He sucked at your lower lip, growling as he pressed his hardened cock flush to the parting between your leg. There was a slick sound, as he humped you, gyrating his hips until his cock was covered by you. You rolled your hips, rapping your legs around his thighs, the only grip you could make with your hands bound. So far you had done well, not to complain at any of his teasing. But now as he untangled your legs, from his, you couldn’t stop yourself, crying out a small whine as he removed the friction his cock had created. Strings of your combined precum, joined your sexes as he pulled away. The squirming you had been a part of, smearing more of it over your thighs. You were not far from begging, stopped as he reminded you, the ability to cease all his further activities was simply a request away. “I think, these have been on long enough.” He took hold of one clamp, blood rushed to the nipple, making you hiss in pain. His lips pressed briefly to the other, waiting as the pain dulled before, releasing the other, your attention completely focused on the throbbing pulse of returning blood. They were sensitive, and you wanted to cup them in your palms to protect them, but couldn’t. Each swollen bud, pointed like an offering to his waiting mouth. Half of you wanted to plead to stop, the other wanted to continue, you were not at your limits yet, and curiosity as much as a hedonistic pursuit of pleasure drove you on. The last thing you wanted, was for his last memories of you to be a disappointment. “Armitage.” You wanted to laugh at him. What had made him voice such an oddly chosen word, stopped only when you looked up at his lowered lashes, and blushed cheeks. It was an oddly powerful and intimate sight, to say you were so helplessly bound, a powerful, grown man blushing like a young schoolboy. His nose and the tops of his cheeks flushed the same dusky pink as his throbbing cock. “If you want to plead you can, but unless you use my name I won’t hear you.” You were pleased now, that you hadn’t laughed at him. Armitage; was his first name, you felt a burst of pride, to be so trusted with it warm your body, pooling like liquid fire in your groin. Of course; he already knew yours, and you had nothing to give him in return for that, so you waited wide eyed. A grave nod and the quiet test of it against your lips, the only thanks you had to give. He held a small single edged blade in his hand; waiting for you to give permission and again you nodded. There had been no blades used in today’s torture, he had stressed a risk of infection. Fresh cuts and a preventative antibiotic could if needed, be added before you left. Leaving your Resistance enough time to safely attend to them. He was still waiting you realised, and it seemed only fair, to offer something in exchange for his name. You nodded, steeling yourself for what would come next. Had the blood play now been an impromptu change to your schedule, or had be planned all along to carry out any edged weapons torture as play instead, in private? You still bore the marks from yesterday, and would for ever unless offered treatment for it. Though you hadn’t dared to look yet, it itched, the scab tightening as it healed. It both excited you and scared you, to think of what he was capable of, but nothing hit the feel of ice pitting in your tummy, when you gave him permission. The one word reverberating around your head, as a reminder he would stop; ‘Armitage.’ A flick of his wrist and the blade was placed to your neck, making you raise it in obedience to his silent order to look at him. You hadn’t realised until you met his gaze, how intently he was watching you. And quickly, you let go the still breath, you hadn’t realised you were holding. Your mouth was dry, your heart thudding in your ears as he held it there, careful not to yet cut you. Your tongue ran the dryness of your lips, almost too dry itself to moisten them. You’d have nodded for him to continue, if it wouldn’t risk him cutting you. A twist and the back of the blade, ran your shoulder, the weight of it; offering enough resistance as it grazed you, to brake skin; but not to draw your blood. Swirls and lines, ran your torso with not so much as a bead of red to show. Fear, was entwined quickly with excitement. Your body longed to squirm beneath him, but the risk of his hand slipping had you held unnaturally still. It all stung no more than a cat scratch, and soon your tolerance even for that level of pain rose, the cuts becoming more of an annoyance than actual pain. It was then he looked to you again. Something passed between you both, and you knew what he was asking for, what he wanted to do to you. Unblinking your watched as the blade pressed firmer at the flesh above your hip, slowly giving you time to back out, time to speak your gifted safe-word. Your back arched, eyes closing to the pain; as the blade cut a thicker pattern of blood against your skin. Scarlet jewels beading, to small rivulets of exquisite gratification, making it hard to stay still. The knife kissed again, this time to the very top of your leg, a thin trickle dripping towards the apex, of your thighs, another next to it and he placed the knife atop the table. His fingers were everywhere amongst the blood, smearing the deep crimson over your . Seeking your sex, his fingers tangled in it, pressing them to your clit, rubbing the slick ichor against you in tiny speeded circles. You tasted iron, and realised as his mouth met yours he had tasted it, before kissing you. You writhed against him, all pain forgotten now, replaced with the need to please him, to make him want you. Your lips tinged rouge, swollen and bruised with the force of his kisses, your tongue coated now in your very life-blood, as he passed it back over to you. His body where it pressed to yours was painted the same colour, spread over both of your hips like a dyed sunset of fire. Fingers slid inside you, slickened by your fluids, pink tinged from your blood, replaced by his mouth as this time he blissfully parted you sex to kiss you. Nipping and sucking along your folds he teased you, until you could bare it no longer, begging him to do something, anything to deal with the dull ache of your sex. A low growl was all the warning you had before his mouth sealed on your clit, sucking firmly as the very tip of his tongue teased it. His face was smeared in red, eyes blown dark with lust, somehow contriving to make him look all the more dangerous. You gulped, the man between your legs suddenly the iron cold man who had interrogated you. It was awful, the clench your stomach gave in fear, overpowered swiftly with longing, what had you become? You pushed that thought aside, drowning it in longing, gaping, your body tight with pleasure, as tears strummed your cheeks. He stopped suddenly, much to your heated and less than polite protests, he had to have known how close you were. A swift tug to the restraints had your arms freed, and quickly he flipped himself under you. They ached, from being held so stiffly, and he kissed each one as he pressed him cock, flat to your opening. It rubbed smoothly past your sex, and with a timed roll of your hips, your seated him inside you. For a moment, you both held still. Drinking in his splayed form beneath you, his cock filling you, stretching out your walls. A tiny roll of your hips, and yet he held still, motionless as he watched you, his eyes unblinking as they bore into yours, pressing your palms to his chest. The knife remained on the table, and as you looked at him he bit his lip. Would he ask for it if he wanted it, was this refusal for him to move his way of asking. You were unsure as you reached for it, but certain in your conviction that if he didn’t want it, he could easily stop you. Your free hand moved slowly to his throat, pressing down firmly as you brought the bared blade to the centre of his chest. Deep inside you his cock pulsed, and you rocked back on it, bringing the blade with you towards his navel. You were by no means as practiced as him, and didn’t dare to cut deep, but the shallow scratch you left still beaded darkened liquid. Another pass, parallel to the first and then a third, the other side. His hand cupped yours on the fourth, guiding the knife deeper blood welling from the cut to pool over your own dried blood. You tossed it aside to run your forefingers through the mess, painting his lips purple-sanguine, before pushing the sticky mess into his mouth. He hummed, sucking them as his hips rolled suddenly, and violently up into you. His following thrusts; slow and hard, designed to bruise, to leave reminders. You moved in time with him, the slow pace easy to follow, as your hand moved through the liquid. Complicated whorls, tattoos of blood that would live on, only in memories. His mouth was warm against you, though as equally as ungentle as his thrusts, nails recklessly raking your back, and thighs. A wet smack to your hips, guided by and hand that would leave a bloodied print in its wake, another at your breast where it grasped your swollen breast, thumb toying your nipple. You lent over to kiss him, biting his bottom lip, leaving it bruised and broken when you let him go. His hand helped grind you down on him, pressing your clit to him with every pass and you bent forwards. One hand at his chest, placed over his heart, the other pressed constrictively to his neck, leaving him air to breath, but not enough that it wouldn’t make him dizzy. It was a challenge you realised to see who could make the other spend first, and you revelled in it. Try as you might it didn’t take him long to have you coming undone, your hot core clamping down, hair tossed back mouth open in a needy whine, unable to speak your pleas for him not to stop. A snarl from Hux, and you shook with your release. His cum flooding you like molten lead, searing you raw as you own bathed his cock. The sheets were a mess, the soaked through with sweat and blood, joined as he rolled you over, by the mess at smeared on your thighs. Your chests heaved, as you lay together. Your bodies wrapped together, yours one broken mess of blemished skin, his pale and bloodied. You clutched at one another for support, unable to comprehend how much harder this bound you together, how much harder it would be to leave. His fingers brushed through it your thighs, bringing the mess up to study it and you cupped his wrist, eyes dipping low as you sucked the fluids from his fingers, determined to taste him at least this once. He pulled you tighter too him for a moment, holding you as he crooned, voice strained as he told you over and over again how well you’d done, whilst stroking at your hair. You frowned, not sure if you’d dozed off. Hux appeared, clean, damp, hair slicked back into place, lobster pink and still naked. He must have snuck off to shower, then returned for you. He took your hand leading you to the shower. You clutched at the wall for support, as he ran soap over you, deceptively gentle in places. The hot water stung where it hit, grounding you back in reality. A command to hold still and he rinsed the suds, and with it the residue bits of him, the soothing droplets cleansing in their wake. Once done, he sat you down to dry you off, returning with medical supplies; dressings, bacta and other ointments. It spoke further of him placing you far above his duty, the gel he placed over the bacta sealed cut would betray him should anyone think to check the dressing. It was the same stuff as the medic placed on you when Ren burnt you. You shook your head, ignoring his protests, wiping it from you, one of you had to be practical. The bed had been remade in your absence, and it was into clean sheets he placed you, curling around your spine to hold you close. You had thought your silent tears went unnoticed, until he gruffly demanded you face him. You didn’t want to, and when you ignored him he firmly tossed you onto your back. His mouth was gentler, as he kissed away your tears, small kindnesses shown when he didn’t ask what was wrong. Just nimble kisses and fingers plying you once more slowly to oblivion. Chapter 18 : Zone One Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was cold in the interrogation chamber, and Hux’s final checks that you were both secure, and as comfortable as he could manage were almost laughable. It was day two, of his carefully sculpted and painful plan, to prepare your body for your rescue. He wiped the crook of your arm, ready to administer the drugs. True to his word, he had allowed no one else in the room whilst he did this, not even a medic droid to inset a cannula. The cannula in situ he attached the drip, a saline bag was set up, Hux was determined to take as few risks as possible, though he would need to dehydrate you in the last 24 hours. The drug he added to the bag, left you still aware of everything he did, but from a dreamlike state. You suspected he pumped painkillers through you too, anything to help him come to terms with, to justify what you were both doing. The drugs had the added effect of lowering your inhibitions, and more than once he chuckled at your attempts to get him to bed you. “The blue stuff makes me horny Sir, Ren says so. You need to fuck me to get it out of my system.” Your voice sounded tinny and distant, as you spoke, and it echoed dully off the durasteel walls. He raised a brow, he was being lenient with you, the pain he was causing shouldn’t have this effect on you, but it did and he would be lying to say it didn’t work in his favour. Whilst it was obvious that he would prefer to do anything about it, in private, it all had the unfortunate effect of turning him on too. Hux was again starting out todays session slowly, warming your body to the damage. The worst pain would come later, possibly more broken bones. He would decide, closer to the end of the session when knew he had more time to look after you. He leaned next to your ear, you knew there were no active cameras in the room, but the mock secrecy amused you too. “Well if Ren say’s I need to fuck you, maybe I will…Later, at home.” You huffed, pouting at the depth of voice your core clenching, at his suggestion. You would have been happy for him to take you now, restrained and pressed back to the interrogation table. His face betrayed nothing but seriousness, which given his pristine appearance further fanned the flames of desire. You whined as in another attempt at playfulness, and he tweaked a nipple, before returning to the task in hand. You knew he wouldn’t take you here, you weren’t sure why, but for some reason he seemed to find the very idea, distasteful. “Promises, promises General.” He shot you a small smile and turned the dial, increasing the speed at which the drug entered your system. It hit you fast, he knew you could take it, but the increased speed of dosage still made you drowsy and your eyes close almost to slits. He has already told you today’s session would be heavier, and bizarrely you relaxed, trusting him with your life, as you numbly drifted in and out of consciousness. He was well into the session, when a runner came with news of a transmission. Obviously left with no choice, but to go and answer the transmission, he unhooked the drip. Apologising before leaving you, still fastened. Not willing to risk a problem with the delivery speed or a reaction to the drug and left the Stormtrooper with instructions to monitor your vitals. He was gone a while, and your increased metabolism quickly processed the drugs in your system. You felt sore, and yet not sore, almost as though you could only feel yourself, from a distance. It made you suspect that he had sneaked in painkillers with the sedative. You were soon growing bored, but also worried about what was happening, he’d been a while. The Trooper seemed to show an avid interest in you, but didn’t speak until you sighed, muttering about the wait. “So which are you then, the General’s little pet, or Resistance scum?” You glared over at him, didn’t he know enough about his command structure, to know that it was none of his business what you were to Hux. He should keep questions about his superior officers to himself, and you should have kept your smart mouth closed. Something about his behaviour made you protective of Hux, and snarling like a wildcat you rounded on him. “Your fucking, undoing if you let me out of this chair.” Static broke through the mask; he was laughing at you. You deepened your scowl, promising yourself that if you could just get out, you would have him, you would make him regret his choices. But like this you were no threat to the Trooper, especially when he picked up a nearby small hand sized, electro-prod. He came closer, studying it and with the other hand, he took off his helmet. His face was slightly fuzzy through the remnants of the drugs leaving your system, but you recognised him as the trooper you had rounded on in the corridor. You wouldn’t dare do it now, but back then Ren’s conditioning had been fresher and you had believed yourself befitting the uniform. You still where, you realised, it was your damned uniform; had Hux ever officially discharged you, or declared you a traitor? You took a deep breath, ready to hurt him if he came closer, you could always in an emergency revert to the Force, this was a lowly Stormtrooper, and you doubted although annoyed Hux wouldn’t just send him for reconditioning. The brave face you kept as he came closer was entirely feigned, it wasn’t that he would hurt you; so much as you didn’t want his hands on you. “Back off Trooper, or I will have you court-marshalled!” He wasn’t listening, and getting closer. It was as he almost drew parallel that you grew desperate, you didn’t want to do this. More correctly put, you didn’t know if you could do it. You took a deep breath, opening your mind to feel him in the room, telling yourself it was like swimming; once you learnt you never forgot. Within your mind, you reached for him, but there was nothing there. You stretched out again, trying to feel for any connection, trying to work out when you had last used the Force. It had been the last time you were around this Stormtrooper, though with hindsight you knew that, even then it hadn’t been as good as before. You cursed yourself, for your stupidity, reading people’s emotions was a skill you kept up. It was useful to you and so it had been one of the few Force-skills you kept up. Your Zeltron traits made it even easier, but here and now you couldn’t even access those. You pushed out trying to see if Hux was nearby, and found a tiny beacon that should be him, but could discern nothing else. Panicking now, you squared your jaw; the Stormtrooper was next to you, and taunting you with the blade. He didn’t touch you, but held it close enough for you to feel the sparks hitting you. You gave serious credence to shouting for, or at the very least threatening him with Hux. No, you told yourself, that would just show him you were frightened of him. It was as the blade touched you that he suddenly found himself being thrown across the room. At first you had thought it to be Kylo, but as you looked you saw what you guessed, must be one of his knights. The Stormtrooper was stupidly trying to stand, when the Knight charged him. You had expected the knight to draw a weapon, but instead with a flick of his wrist, he just tossed the trooper again. The Stormtrooper didn’t get up this time, though not because of common sense. His eyes stayed closed, and you could see a gathering dark mass at the man’s temple. The Knight bent, and took hold of his ankle, dragging him from the room to the door. Exactly how long had the Knight been there and had Ren sent him to watch over you? So many questions, but as the knight dragged out the unconscious Stormtrooper, you knew you wouldn’t get him to answer them. You would have to wait for Hux, and hope he knew what Ren was up to. The doors whooshed open, and in stormed Hux, he looked harassed. His face showed exertion, and you knew he had ran here, something was wrong. He didn’t even speak a greeting to you, and it worried you. There was a metallic table behind you. Hux had always been careful to keep it away from you, not wanting to panic you with its contents. He was rummaging around in it, his back unfortunately to yours due to the rooms positioning. “Have I done something wrong General?” Your voice was quiet, for once very polite, you didn’t trust yourself to speak above a whisper; lest it show your fear. Swallowing you waited, your mind running amok with everything you could have possibly done wrong. It seemed like hours before he replied; the calmness in his voice, at odds with the redness in his face. “The Resistance; they will arrive earlier than expected, we need to move.” He held a syringe in his hands, drawn and ready placed over the closed cannula port. Your drug knowledge had been limited to types, not dosages but it didn’t take a lot to work out there was a lot in there; he meant to knock you unconscious. You shook your head, desperately trying to unstick your tongue from the roof of your mouth. You felt sick, the tears you had promised not to shed, even on your final day rising unbidden from the depths of your despair. “So you’re what, just going to knock me out, send me back without saying goodbye?” How you spoke for the twisting pain at your throat, and inside your heart you didn’t know. It cut you up, that he could be so calm about all of this, that was a bigger betrayal than just drugging you. Fruitlessly you struggled against the straps, there was no way they would give, and again you called out to the Force, and again it wouldn’t answer. Your breathing became erratic, your head pounded with blood. Your lips already tingled and your lungs screamed for oxygen, oxygen that no matter how fast you tried to take in air, wouldn’t come. You didn’t realise until he touched you, he had been talking. When your eyes swivelled up to him, you knew, he was the reason you couldn’t call out to the Force. His eyes held a smattering of guilt, something which when you looked closer, he couldn’t hide. You needed to speak, but could scarcely managed a wheeze, so desperately empty where your lungs. He stroked at your arm, thinking to comfort you, but it didn’t. You were unhooked, and thrust forwards, in time to heave onto the floor. It saved you from choking on your watery vomit, but not from skinning your hands and knees. Your stomach was quickly emptied, you had only taken a light breakfast, a small nutrient rich paste. It was enough to raise your blood sugar levels, but not to risk the drugs upsetting your system. You smirked distastefully at that; the anger at Hux’s betrayal slowly giving you focus, and edge to balance your panic on. “What the fuck have you done to me!” You had expected a back hander, a kick, even for him to shout at you, but not this. Anything was better than this silence. He squared his jaw, reaching for the arm with your cannula in. Swiftly you ripped it out, not careful of if it damaged you. It ripped open the vein, and blood spurted from it, landing in small splatters over his face. It took him by surprise and in a moment of triumph you shuffled back, not caring of the blood dripping over your arm. He lunged again, and ready for him, you drew both knees up to your chest, kicking them forwards to push him across the tiny room. You sniffed, when had you begun to cry? The tears seem to run in steady streams over your cheeks, dripping further down your neck. You breathed in, and with it took in the taste of salt. Across the room General Hux rose to his knees, watching you, not coming closer, but ready to spring. You repeated your question, grinding each syllable between your teeth, tasting the anger in your words. “What the fuck, have you and Ren been doing to me?” You knew he would come closer if he could, and so you kept him in your sights, ready to spring again. There was a steady, heavy pulse at your elbow, you didn’t dare look down, but you knew you were losing blood. There was the tap of it as it fell through the grates in the floor, but your forearm was mostly numb to anything else. Across the room Hux looked more agitated, and you knew he was struggling, he wanted to pounce, but something held him back. It was a safe bet that he was worried about you. No, you corrected, furious with yourself, he was worried about failing on his orders, you were of no consequence to him, just the information you carried. You weren’t sure if the open vein would close, or if you could lose enough blood to risk damage to you, but you were willing to risk it. “Let me see to your arm.” He was all calmness now, though you knew not to trust it, knew to keep him away and slowly you shook your head in refusal, you couldn’t bear the thought of having him close. “No General, you stay there, until you answer me. Why can’t I use my Force abilities?” You knew he wanted to barter, to take control, but there was no way you were going to let him have that again. He shifted, no longer crouching, but knees bent, “It is a safety precaution, nothing more, it will return once you are back with the Resistance.” Was it a position of contrition, or just one of comfort, trying to appear unthreatening to you. You were taking no chances, and Hux was telling you nothing, yet. He made another request to look after your arm, and your seethed, almost white hot with the anger. Just how stupid did he think you were? “I will let you tend to my arm, when you are more forthcoming, General.” You kept your voice as level as you could, but still a low growl of command slipped through and he rocked back, resting his bottom onto his heels. “Kitten, I.” You snarled a warning, you were not going to back down, you needed to know before you went back, you needed to know if you could fix it. You had thought yourself unbothered if you had Force-powers or not, but that had been before someone took them from you. “General!” “It’s the drug in your cannula. In small doses, it temporally blocks Force-sensitivity.” He would have made a good actor you thought, almost as though he cared. You frowned taking in the blood dripping down your arm. Just how much blood had you lost, how much more could you lose from a wound like this, you wondered. It was all getting too fuzzy to take in, the room threatened to sway, and you slunk forwards. He moved swiftly, to catch you before you fell, holding you against him, as a hand pressed against the crook of your elbow. He lowered you, ignoring your protests to place you onto your back, and somehow you remained conscious. His forehead, was pressed to yours, his hands stroking through your damp hair. He seemed to be shushing you, his voice making soothing murmurs as he removed his coat. It was placed under your feet, and fingers pressed to the pulse point at your wrist. “I can’t risk any medical treatment, they’d know.” “And that would stop you getting your precious list, wouldn’t it General.” He really should take to the stage, you thought again, his concern was almost believable, but you knew better. Defiantly you turned your face away from him, the anger and blood loss leaving you both pale and tired, but you were determined to hold out. You couldn’t make yourself look at him, too scared you would sway, that it would only take a glance; to make you his again. Hux was gentle, at first trying to turn your head, his voice coaxing you to look at him. You ignored him, the sooner he finished and put you into a cell, the better. “Look at me, Kitten!” You did eyes wide at his order. You hated how he used that name now, hated that it suggested a depth of feeling he just didn’t have. You gave serious credence to him being incapable of feeling, did he allow himself to feel anything but duty? “I would prefer it if you,” You had been about to ask him not to call you Kitten, it stung of a lie. How had you managed to embroil yourself so deeply into all of this? “You would prefer nothing (y/n), you will do as I say.” His clipped accent always delivered his commands with a hidden edge of threat to them, one that even now you found yourself telling yourself you were better to obey. But you where beyond what was best for you, swallowing you glared up at him. He was so dismissive of his treatment to you, could he not see what he had done, or did he know? Was this just his superiority complex, making it impossible for him to show remorse, or compassion, how was it possible for him to feel nothing. You wanted to hurt him, to lash out and make him feel even a fraction of the pain you felt, but your body weak, all you had was your voice, you yelled at him letting your voice carry the weight of your furry. “I will do as I fucking like!” He cut you off again, suddenly kneeling forwards, his face pressed into yours, his nose so close you could feel the breath from his nose. He had slammed both palms flat onto the floor either side of your head, the slaps echoed thickly off the durasteel panel beneath you. “I have risked everything, to get you out of here safely. Do not underestimate what it has cost me, or what I will do to ensure my plan works.” He was livid, and fire danced across his eyes, lighting them with fury and passion. You wanted to challenge him, wanted to demand more, to argue you had your own choices, but your words were caught up in a kiss. Shocked you lay there, unable to do anything, gathering your thoughts, ready to throw back at him when he removed his mouth. Something splattered against your cheek and you realised he was crying, it caught your chosen insults in your throat. When he pulled back, one hand stroked your cheek tenderly, and you swallowed thickly at the knot at your throat. Again he spoke first, and you paused in your questions. “I’m sorry.” You frowned at his whispered words, trying to process the humble position he knelt in, until you looked down. There held in the palm of one hand was a depressed syringe, the other slid to touch you, stroking at your numbed forearm. At once your breath caught in your throat, eyes raised to his. For such a cold, calculating man, he could make himself cry so easily over you, was the first thought, before a wave of drowsiness overtook you. You pushed it down, fighting it to reach for the insults you knew you would never have another chance to throw at him. His mouth met yours, and with a sickening lurch of your heart, you realised it wouldn’t matter anyway. You were not going to see him again. Forgetting everything, you placed aside your pride, your positions in this war, everything, to wrap your arms around him pulling him to you as you kissed him. You concentrated only on him, drinking in the sensations of this last embrace. It was getting harder to fight off the sedative, but you fought with it, determined to last as long as possible. The tears clouding your vision made it difficult to take him in, but it was imperative to remember him. You breathed in deep the scent of him, tasting him on your mouth, drowning in him as your eyes closed. He kept kissing you, his lips firmly pressed to yours. They would be thick and full, and no doubt swollen, and a deeper pink than when he was pressing them together in thought, your memory supplied you. The tears had spilt then, and you tasted salt, making you clutch harder at him. Your mouth opened to his, and despite your insistence you wouldn’t again fall under his spell, you gave his tongue admittance into your mouth, allowing him for the last time to dominate you. It became harder to move, and he lowered you back down, cradling you as he tenderly lay down beside you, stroking at your hair. You forced your eyes open one last time, flicking them over his blurred form as he rolled you to him, tucking you under his chin. You tried to speak, but your mouth had already refused your demands to keep kissing him, so why would it allow you to speak. Your body shook in a last sob, and besides you he pulled you tighter, wrapping even his legs around you. as he murmured his last words into your ear. “I, know, I know. I love you, too.” It was dark when you next came around. Not the dark of a First Order cell, but that of a dimly lit room. Beneath you, there was a squeak of complaint, and next to you the steady bleeping of machinery. You were in a medicenter, you realised and tried raising yourself onto your elbows. Everything hurt, far more than you had ever hurt before, and you were weak. Too weak to raise yourself up, you quickly gathered slipping from your raised position with a weak howl of pain. The lighting around you grew in brightness, and you raised your arms over your face to protect your eyes from it, noticing you were hooked up to the monitor next to you. It had all happened, you thought with a shuddering breath, and he had keep you asleep, safe throughout the rescue. There was a bang, of a door opening, voices raised in orders to one another. A set of hands removed the wires, another lifted a mask from your face, all voices gently coaxing you not to panic. You looked up at the one nearest, an older woman with loose short dark hair, a resistance medic you realised, as she pressed a machine to you reading off more observations. You coughed, your throat was raw, and like your mouth dry. As loudly as you could you asked for water, your voice that of a hoarse whisper of disuse, making you fret over how long you had been here. Too long you thought, you had Esme to find, and to get out of here. A cup was pressed to your lips; though only given enough liquid for you to wet them, before it was taken away. You reached at the gloved hands that held it to you, clutching onto them as your face followed them up towards a figure you knew well. The deep shuddering breath of relief took you, and quickly as her arms wrapped yours, her robes scratchy against your fragile skin. She was here, your protector, your guardian, the closest to a mother you had now. She turned aside the medics, wanting to wash you, to take care of you. Letting them know, she would take care of you now. You clutched hold of her and despite the pain, let her stoke at your bruised shoulder, as she let you sob into her lekku, her voice at once calming and protective. You felt it, the brushing of her Force-signature against you, and the calming waves of healing, as it pushed over you. Making you realise Hux hadn’t lied; your Force-sensitivity had returned. She lay you back, rearranging the pillow beneath you to support you, as you closed your eyes, safe at last. Notes: It might be worth noting, Zeltrons are gullible, and are often exploited because of this. I am not saying that she is, but bare in mind someone could easily lie.