Arrival The sensors in Captain Phasma’s helmet had lead her and the lone Stormtrooper here, to an old modified Corellian YT-1300 light freighter that had almost gone over a cliff, saved only by the snow bank it had created on impact. It was the Millennium Falcon, she knew, due to hours of training received and given regarding the tactics of the Galactic Civil War. She knelt. If they stole the ship to flee to safety, there was the possibility that Han Solo, his Wookiee co-pilot and whomever else they had brought would be stranded on the base. If they aren’t already aboard , she reminded herself . If the trooper can act as a reliable co-pilot: she hadn’t personally trained him. She knew the odds and decided she could land a sizeable blow to the Resistance by taking Solo and his companions from them. The blow would be insignificant in relation to the destruction of the Starkiller. There was little time to lose. She readied the blaster, held it tight across her chest, ensured the trooper armed himself with his scout pistol – deadly at close-range – and ran for the ship. The snow slowed their progress but they made it in time to see great swathes of fire and debris exploding on the horizon as Resistance bombing runs caused destructive chain-reactions across the base. Entering numerous memorised chains of dubious access codes, Phasma realised that only the primary lock – used normally whilst stationary for any short amount of time – was engaged. Someone was or had been into the ship since it landed . She overrode the boarding ramp controls with ease. “On, trooper. Now.” Her voice was sharper and less calm than she normally maintained. She followed him aboard and commanded him to check the ship for hostiles. She reasoned they ought to have appeared already if they had heard the ramp activating but survival was essential now so the ship would be checked regardless. She moved to close the ramp but halted as she saw movement on the far side of the clearing. She switched to infra-red vision. A bipedal creature, human perhaps. No, the stable heat signature indicated fur; the over-heated weapon in its hands indicated a formidable hostile. The Wookiee . She closed the ramp and strode into the ship. The plan had to change quickly: she wasn’t going to fight it. “Trooper,” she intoned loudly. He appeared and saluted. “Open these compartments on the floor.” Everyone knew the stories, even her. Sensor-proof smuggling compartments , large enough to fit a few people. They could evade the Wookiee with ease. She disabled every function in her suit and felt the effects of the lost support immediately: her injuries were worse than she’d realised, worse than she’d let herself know. She managed to not collapse in front of the Trooper, pulling herself up straighter, removing her gauntlets and helmet and commanding the trooper to do the same before both entering the compartments. Phasma didn’t look up like the trooper did when the Wookiee passed overhead, nor when the ship lifted off, instead focusing on the distorted reflection of her face in the now dirty chromium of her helmet. She felt nothing for the face: the short buzz-cut hair, broad chin and heavy brow. In her armour, her helmet, she was completely part of the First Order; she detached from her individual self and became only Captain Phasma, one arm of the Order. For the first time, she looked hard at the trooper sitting opposite her. He was of an age with FN-2187, had olive skin and cropped sandy hair. A million other Stormtroopers looked the same without their helmets, not that it made any difference on the battlefield, armoured in uniform white, united in order to fight for order. From outside, an explosion shook the ship and shortly afterward, it landed but didn’t shut off. The Wookiee ran out and returned only a minute later with the girl Ren had captured earlier tailing it and FN-2187 unconscious in its arms. Phasma was glad of the fearful silence that hung in the air whilst they travelled, reminding her of the tense moments before an offensive; or even after, when a cold thrill would coarse through her and she would have to calm it with silence. The journey was long and cramped, exacerbating her injuries but emboldening her too. It wouldn’t be long until they arrived; she didn’t need her helmet to tell her that their destination was the Resistance headquarters, D’Qar. What had she observed? The Wookiee, the girl and FN-2187: present, with FN-2187 almost fatally injured. Han Solo: absent, which only called up further questions to her mind. There were, she reasoned, a few things she knew. The Resistance attack – and success – on Starkiller Base had come at a price: scars and fatalities, at least. Without the New Republic but with a fresh success, emotions of all kinds would be running high on D’Qar. Celebrations, deliberations, cataloguing – it would be a mess, cover enough for a two figures to quickly integrate themselves without suspicion. A plan was emerging behind Phasma’s closed eyes, rooting itself in her mind. Infiltrate, integrate, discover and destroy. Perhaps a soldier could succeed where an army had failed. --- “Poe,” a voiced called out behind him, accompanied by a hurry of steps. He turned to see General Organa striding towards him. He’d been avoiding her for days – what would he say even if he thought she’d want to talk? “General. I was just on my way to the hangars.” “As was I. But I need you to come with me first.” It pained him to see how little emotion she showed – was she really so used to grief? “Of course, General. What is it?” She led him into a side corridor, waved Poe to stop and stood solemnly beside him. “There were two simultaneous missions to Starkiller Base, Poe.” He nodded. “The offensive and the rescue.” “Exactly,” she said, and maybe the shadow of a smile passed across her face. “I’m glad someone broke protocol to tell you about the rescue – I’m sorry it wasn’t me. Yes, we had two missions and both were a success, but I need you to help me in dealing with the prisoners. Some of them might be...” “Fragile?” he chanced. Leia nodded, and the grave look they exchanged told each other that they understood: they both knew what it was like to struggle under the influence of an interrogation droid and, even worse, the Force. Leia lead him into the Lower Hall, the best lit and largest room in the base, used only occasionally for mass briefings or a significant announcement. The rescued prisoners had been assembled to have their details taken. The stuffiness and fetid smells that had built up were intense, and Poe felt ashamed at having thought it. Lieutenant Connix greeted them, already engaged in conversation with a group of Twi’lek and furiously entering information into her datapad. Finally, she turned to attend to them. “We’ve received a few offers to join us already, General.” Her smile didn’t last long. “But it’s brought up holes in our intelligence: whole planets that have been ravaged without us knowing, raids in even the farthest corners of the galaxy.” Leia rested her hand on Connix’s shoulder. “It’s better that we find out now than never. We need to be as thorough as possible. Poe and I will take that corner over there,” she said, pointing down the line of Resistance personnel. They collected their datapads and got to work. Connix was right: there seemed to be no part of the Western Reaches and the surrounding Outer Rim untouched by the First Order. They took prisoners, most often from planets known to have supported the New Republic. Any tenuous link to the Resistance had been followed, and at its source Kylo Ren and Captain Phasma had tortured and destroyed until their curiosity – or maybe even their bloodlust – had been sated. Valuable prisoners and hostages were taken. Their recovery, Poe thought, was likely almost as much a blow to the First Order as the destruction of their base. When they had a break, General Organa agreed with Poe’s observations, not least that the majority of the prisoners simply wanted to go home – they didn’t want to speak in detail about the desolation of their people or their planet. He looked over at General Organa, unsure of whether the situation was affecting her. “I’m okay, Poe,” she said when she caught his look, “help them , not me”. She returned to their work, quiet and focused. She remained like this for hours, intent on every freed prisoner being registered so she could get a plan together on how to help them. Those who wanted to go home would, though some would have to be told that it wasn’t safe on their homeworld or, worse, that it no longer existed as they once knew it. Hours, meals and another break passed them as they worked. C-3PO was forever making his way in and out of the hall, translating when other droids failed and passing messages to General Organa: the amount of supplies they were expending caring for the freed prisoners was not sustainable, how might these people be accommodated within the base, and when, in General Organa’s opinion, was the soonest they could be transported back to their respective planets? After she had dealt with this latest enquiry, Leia would comment later, the evening became far more interesting than she could ever have imagined. “Nyla Ardoss and Lierra Valene. Nyla Ardoss,” Leia muttered. Poe looked up at the two human women Leia was talking to: both tall, broad women, holding themselves like true soldiers despite their apparent weariness. One had ash blond hair that defied its scruffiness to look sophisticated, making the other woman’s look a crude straw colour by comparison. Threepio ruined the moment and the surprise. “Oh my! It’s Princess Nyla Ardoss, second born daughter of King Aves of Giara!” Leia ignored Threepio as he came up behind them, eager to serve, instead eyeing the two women closely, her curiosity piqued. The ash blond woman nodded and Poe had almost stood to salute before Leia held him down. The other woman had stepped forward. “I haven’t been a princess since I left Giara,” she said, in the same clear voice General Organa used when she wanted to be understood. Poe felt embarrassed he had even considered that the other woman was a princess. “Please, Nyla is all you need to call me.” Notes: Comments appreciated! To be continued... Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Post-TFA Villains series Next Work →