All the lies she has seen, all the meaner side of things Rey pov: "Come back!" I scream at the sky, as if that will cause my family to return. "Quiet girl." Unkar Plutt says, who is the junk boss, who also just so happens to be in control of the food and water supply. As soon as the ship is off-planet, Unkar lets go of my arm and says, "You're on your own, girlie." I am the left alone. That's when using start walking. After walking for around 2 hours, I begin to feel the heat. That's when I stumble upon an old moisture farm. I walk in and it seems it's not been occupied in years. I then decide to take up residence. As soon as I'm able to sit down with my doll and some water, a blue spirit materializes before my very eyes. And then another. I begin to gape, my appearance resembling that of a fish. One ghost has shaggy brown hair with a scar over his left eye. The other ghost is much shorter, but is very beautiful. She has long, brown hair styled in an elaborate updo and warm eyes that match her hair. The first ghost is the first to speak. "Hello Rey, I'm Anakin, your Grandfather." He says with a warm voice and smile. The second ghost then speaks. "And I'm Padmè, your grandmother. This man right here is my husband." "Grandfather. Grandmother. Ugh, that's too hard too say. Can I call you Papaw and Grandma instead?" I ask. They both say, "I'd like that a lot." And at that moment, I know that as long as they're here, I'm going to be just fine. Chapter 2 : She's got fire in her soul Summary: Rey's first evening and day with Anakin and Padmè. Life stories, crying, and angst ensues. Notes: Hey guys!! I'm back!! This chapter was a struggle for sure! But I hope y'all enjoy it!! May the force be with you! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey pov: As I look out the window of the moisture farm, I notice that the sun is going down. I then feel the true fatigue of walking around in the desert. I yawn and say, "Papaw, Grandma, can you tell me a story? I'm tired and about ready to go to bed." Papaw smiles and says, "Sure. What story do you want to hear?" While he is walking me to the first bedroom he sees and I crawl onto the bed. I then say, "I want to hear your story." Papa's then smiles and says, "Well, I won't be able to tell it without your grandma. Padmè?" Grandma then smiles and sits down next to him. "Of course." Papaw then starts the story. It's a story about love, about heartbreak, about sadness, and about redemption. At one point, Papaw begins to cry. Grandma holds his hand and continues the story. I eventually begin to cry, because the story also chronicles how her Papaw was a slave to the dark side. But eventually, Papaw gets redemption because of his son, and how he saved him from the dark side through something that was just inexplicably good. After the story is done, I wipe the tears from my eyes, and fall asleep, hoping that Papaw and Grandma don't leave like my parents. I wake up and note that Papaw and Grandma didn't leave. But that's because they never left. They stayed with me the whole night, even when I woke up crying from a nightmare. I vaguely remember a great wave of pain in my mind and a gloved hand hovering just in front of my face. "That's your cousin. He's not on the right path, Rey. But you'll meet him. One day, just not today." Papaw said with a melancholy smile. I then carry that statement with me while I'm scavenging. I'll meet him one day? What does that mean? I guess I'll just have to find out. I then take my giant load of scrap and put it in a net and attach it to an abandoned speeder, which is barely functioning. I drive it to the settlement, learning as I go along. I park it to the best of my ability and head to the settlement, scrap in the net securely. I take my scrap and slave away at cleaning it. After that, I take it to Unkar and get 10 quarter portions of food and 5 portions of water. I then hop back on the speeder and head back to the moisture farm. Papaw scoffs at the portions, stating that I got cheated, but he grins at the speeder. Papaw then says, "Your portions from Junkyard Slug-Man may be a big load of bantha fodder, but we can make that speeder the most wizard thing this side of a Tatooine podracing pit." Papaw says with a grin, and Grandma rolls her eyes. Notes: Hmmmmmmm.. I gave y'all more than what the summary suggests, I know, but I wanted to be nice. Anyways, hope y'all enjoyed the story! May the force be with you! Notes: Don't worry! That's just the start of a new story! I'm really excited about this new series and I hope y'all are too! Let me know how I'm doing on writing in the comments below! I love y'all and May the force be with you! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the That's how a superhero learns to fight series