One Poe picks at a bit of soil stuck underneath his thumbnail, nodding absently as Jessika rattles off the newsworthy trial results of the day, laden with the usual complaints of complacency and bias in his judges. “You’d do well to say something. They think too highly of themselves, the lot of them. Tarkin - ” “Second guessing their judgements isn’t my place. Or yours.” Jessika wrinkles her nose, swatting impatiently at his hands, resting on the veined marble arm of his throne. “Stop that.” She snaps, and something in the stagnant air behind her simmers like smoke. “They are giving you a reputation with the humans. Is that really what you want? You want them to fear you? To hate you?” Poe sighs before rucking a hand through his hair. “I can’t fight or control their fear. And it’s - unfair of me to try to take it from them. You’d do better understanding that, too.” The little furls of smoke behind Jessika’s back are slowly taking shape, the high peaks and powerful arches of her wings discernible from the darkness behind her only by the silky gleam of their texture. She clenches her smooth, square jaw as her face flashes near skeletal for a moment, thin as rice paper or fine ceramic and just as gaunt before she gets her anger under control. “I am so very tired of your moping.” Poe straightens in his seat, sending her his most withering glare, which she rolls her eyes at before making a show of mashing her lips together. “I suppose that’s all for the day, then, Aidoneus.” “Thank you, Jessika,” he grunts, frowning at her use of the name the humans gave him, too cool for how long they’ve been friends. “Wait.” The voice from the antechamber is as soft and smoky as the wings at Jessika’s back, a perpetual echo around it. She visibly grits her teeth as Kylo sweeps into the room, the drag of his coarse travelling robes on the fine onyx beneath him grating in the otherwise silence. “Thanatos.” He nods to Jessika, the formality likely to purposefully annoy her. “Hecate,” she returns smoothly with a nearly respectable dip of her head. “I’ve seen.” Kylo flickers as he approaches the dais Poe sits on, shadows of phantom limbs flailing out from his body that he and Jessika both eye with some wariness as he collapses to a sprawl on the steps near Poe’s feet. “Yes, I figured as much.” Poe says drily. “Nothing else prompts you to visit, despite my undeniable charm.” “And seemly modesty.” Jessika smooths the front of her soft, dove grey chiton before sending Poe a meaningful look, clearly wanting to be dismissed. He thanks her again before sending her off with a little wave, his brow pinching with the stirrings of a tension headache. “She’s a strange bird.” Poe looks at the back of his head incredulously before clearing his throat. “Jessika’s a pragmatist, Kylo; she - just works in absolutes. Certainty. She doesn’t understand what you do.” Kylo’s eyes are generally dopey, down-turned and bagged heavily - but they are sharp and bright when they look up at Poe’s throne, head cocked to the side as if to catch a whisper in a strong breeze. “And you do?” Poe tries, very honestly tries, to like everyone he meets. Especially in his line of work, attitude is - maybe not everything - but it counts. And sometimes he can find it in him to appreciate the man’s strangely accented drawl and dry snark. It offsets the haughty, know-it-all attitude that surrounds him, held aloft in the phantom limbs. But now, he can’t remember what liking this man has ever felt like. “Tell me what you’ve seen, Night-Wanderer.” “A change.” Here he pauses, and Poe can't tell if the twist of his mouth is a repressed smile or a grimace. “A fight.” “A straight answer?” Poe huffs, pinching at the bridge of his nose. “You expect surety no being deserves or is guaranteed.” Kylo hums. “She would not want to hear, but I agree you mope. You’ve settled, thinking that will make you happy with drawing this lot.” “I have accepted the fair outcome of the game I suggested.” He shoots back sharply, though Kylo remains supremely unruffled. “I expect surety from the only certain outcome that awaits everything; that in time all will die, and come to me.” “You mean that more than you used to, at least.” “The only one who bears Leia a grudge in this room is you, rest assured.” “That,” Kylo says lightly, though something passes dangerously across his face at odds with his tone, “you do not mean.” Poe raises from his seat, the white marble cool under the flat of his palms - familiar, but shy of comfortable. “If that’s all, Kylo.” He brushes past the other man, though a large hand clasps his ankle through the rich indigo folds of his himation, keeping him rooted to the spot. “Will you go to Olympus, then?” Poe shakes him off. “I have never ignored a summons.” Will you? Poe refrains from asking outright, though he sometimes believes Kylo can hear more than he lets on between other people’s ears. He ignores Poe’s wordless inquiry, though, if he is able to hear it at all. “This is a party, not a trial.” Kylo offers mildly, rising to his feet behind him and matching his own strides out to the hall. The torches spring to life as Kylo passes them, dimming to nothingness in his wake. The familiar touch of melodrama loosens some of the tightness at Poe’s clenched jaw - a reminder of how young Kylo is, eager still to show off and flex his abilities to their limit. Poe claps the other man’s shoulder as they reach the hallway leading to his personal quarters, smiling thinly and thinking of nothing but a very hot bath and a close shave. “Those I never miss.” Pre-dawn filters weakly lavender on the whitewashed stone of the temple, not yet reflecting little diamonds from the stream some fifty paces in front of it. Which was all well, considering it was what Hux was currently using to shave, and he never got as even of a result fighting the glare from the rippling water. He grinds the pumice at his face mechanically, only half focused on it as he scans the bank for new growths. Across the stream and a ways to his left a patch of narcissus has popped up, unapologetically bold. Hux narrows his eyes at it, marks it as the first pruning he’ll handle today. The heliotrope, on the other hand, is finally growing in the symmetric rows he intended behind the licorice plants, and he allows himself a moment of pleased contentment as he rinses the pumice from his hands and face, bending further to rinse his mouth with the cool, clear water. “You got rid of mine.” Hux sighs as he rises to his feet, turning to meet Han’s handsomely lined face. There’s a circlet of herbs wreathing his graying head, fragrant on the damp morning air. A bay leaf twined near a rosemary sprig threatens to come loose near his left ear. Hux presses his lips together looking at it. “They were making Millicent sick.” Han rolls his eyes, waving one square hand in exasperation. “Tell your damned cat to not eat things that don’t belong to her, then.” “Learn to grow something besides cannabis,” Hux shoots back. As if on cue and with a great yowl, Millicent comes slinking out of the temple, stretching her golden legs and ignoring Han completely to come wind around Hux’s legs. He maintains eye contact with Han as he bends slightly to scritch at her ears, level with his waist. “You won’t let me come near so much as your tulips and you let that polecat mongrel trample through your hydrangea and anemone alike.” “Don’t pout because she’s got more skills with the flowers than you do. It’s unseemly.” Han keeps pace with him - and a noticeably wide berth from Millicent, who’s situated herself squarely between them - as Hux walks up the bank towards the narcissus that needs tending. They pause at some ranunculus that has popped up overnight, still mostly tightly coiled and an inexplicable yellow. “Buttercup!” Han exclaims, delighted and wholly nonsensical as usual. He picks the bud closest to him and twirls it in his fingers, ignoring Hux’s glare. “What did you just call that?” “Anything is better than ‘ ranunculus ’” He shrugs. Hux grumbles but doesn’t have it in him to fight Han’s ridiculous names for his flowers anymore. They walk in silence a few moments more before reaching the narcissus blooms, their white petals pearly in their translucence, catching the growing sunlight and seeming to funnel it directly to the vibrant golden orange centers. “There’s nothing wrong with those, is there?” Han has never learned a poker face despite all his years, and his voice is thin, tight as Hux crouches to pluck the offending growth. “They don’t belong here,” Hux shoots back, only slightly gruff himself. Han’s hand grips at his wrist, suddenly crouched beside him to both his and Millicent’s dismay. “I think they do.” Hux huffs, shaking loose of Han’s hold. “I’ll be leaving soon - are you not joining me?” “Do I ever?” He’d been so hoping to avoid Han this morning to prevent this argument; the same every year. “Son, come with me.” “No.” “I can’t keep making excuses for your absence.” “So don’t. I don’t care what rumors they spread.” “Leia has asked for you .” Han finally hisses, running a hand over his face and disturbing the wreath from its perch. Winded, Hux falls fully to his knees. Beside him, Millicent rolls through the sweet grass, unconcerned. Han’s hand comes to rest tentatively at Hux’s shoulder. “I’m sorry.” “So am I.” It’s not the right thing to tell Han, feels wrong coming out of his mouth. Perhaps there isn’t anything to say that’s not wrong. He allows himself the weight of Han’s hand on his shoulder one moment more before standing. Han follows suit, and the growth around them ripples in an invisible breeze, sweet smelling pollen tufting up and dancing downstream. “Go, she’ll be angry if you’re late. I’ll - meet you there. I need to…” Han studies him for a moment before adjusting the fibulae on the shoulder of his favorite ochre himation, in dire need of replacing which he resolutely refused to do. Hux must appease whatever it is Han is looking for, because his face splits into a roguish grin before he turns on his heel. “Don’t worry, I’ll warm her up for you!” It’s not all horrible, at least, considering the food Poe has to pick over waiting for everyone to arrive. The long table on the furthest wall is overflowing with sterling and bronze platters of sweet figs drizzled in honey, olives stuffed with goat cheese, wine spiced heavily with cardamom. Dried fish and tangy jerky rest beside hunks of bread, still warm and glistening with butter and salt. There's goat roasting somewhere, filling the hall with the smell of sweet meat and garlic, and Poe resolves himself to at least stay long enough for that to be brought out. He’s so preoccupied imagining the fat, juicy skewers that when Bee comes up behind him to clap a hand on his back he nearly chokes on the little poppy seed flatbread he’d been chewing. “Poe!” His voice is rolling in pitch like a tide, with arms so heavily tanned they resemble an orange peel more than skin. “Storm-bringer,” Poe clasps his shoulder warmly, nearly able to see clear over the gossamer white tufts of their hair, erratic as sea foam, to the draped entrance to the terrace opposite. “I’m surprised your keeper isn’t here dragging you by your ear.” “I haven’t the faintest what you’re talking about.” Bee pries an olive from between Poe’s fingers, popping it into his mouth before steering him towards the terrace. “I had almost forgotten what an unfortunate looking bastard you were, is what I’m saying.” From a stack of plush looking cushions to the right of the open doorway, Phasma snorts, causing both Bee and Poe to come up short in their own laughter. Phasma’s helm gleams golden beside her, serpents engraved to curve around her ears and peer out near the temples with eyes of fat rubies. Her tunic is too short for her age - still that of a maiden, rucked up further from the creamy muscle of her thigh - and Poe fears for Bee’s well-being when they shoot her a lecherous grin. “Unconquerable Ares,” Bee gives a small bend at the waist, though Poe imagines it's an attempt to see more of her leg than a genuine greeting. Phasma ignores him, standing instead to greet Poe with a calloused grip at his forearm. “It’s been a long while since you’ve deigned to show us your face.” “You keep me busy down there, to be fair.” Phasma grins, looking over his shoulder to the sound of footsteps approaching. Poe scarce has a chance to look himself before the smell of oil and fire and metal wraps around him parallel to the leanly muscled arms at his waist. There’s a shiny new burn on Rey’s forearm when she clasps at his hands in greeting, but he scarce gets the chance to ask her about it before she catches sight of Phasma’s helm and hurries over to examine it, barraging her with questions about Phasma’s care routine and suggested potential improvements. In fact, it takes Poe a moment to realize she’s talking to him again at all with the effort of trying to keep up with her hurried speech. “Come again?” The blacksmith huffs before waving the helm in her hands at him. “She could use one like yours, don’t you think?” There’s a beat laden with something heavy as Poe shifts, suddenly uncomfortable. “Won’t you let me look at least, Aidon? Please?” “You have no need to look at my helm to create something magnificent, Hephaestus.” Poe smiles tightly, trying to not be swayed by how Rey obviously deflates. Luckily, new footsteps follow his deflection. “Han!” He sighs in relief, eager to change the subject. Han’s square shoulders brush through the tapestry to reveal Finn behind him, crowned with laurel and gleaming ethereally, perpetually the most handsome in the room. “Receiver of Many,” Han smiles, reaching to greet him. But Finn plows ahead, cutting in front of Han’s outstretched hand to press his cheek to Poe’s, then Rey’s. “I had a feeling we wouldn’t see you today, Poe.” “You almost sound disappointed.” Behind them, a loud, hooting laugh carries across the lush courtyard, and Chewie’s unruly hair, topped with an ivy circlet hardly visible in the wild tangles there, is his only discernible feature as he bounds across to them. “I mean, you’ve cost me money,” Finn sighs, morose. When Hux first came into Han’s care, still young and reedy and constantly needing to prove himself as different if not better than his actual son’s stubbornly present shadow, looming heavily still over the heavens and earth alike, he was mortified of the art and offerings the humans left at the temple portraying him as some cow eyed, slim-ankled maiden. Han had guffawed at it, maybe reflexively, not understanding how humiliating it was - Hux had left him chortling at the temple, ripping up whole sheaths of wheat in his wake leading out from the temple to the field. He’d created the oleander that night, rashly spread it out through the valley below the temple while the flush on his face cooled from rage to indignation. It was the first time Han had ever looked disappointed, cutting some deeper, rawer place than the vases managed to reach. He didn't remove the oleander from the valley, after, convinced that would be too great of a concession on his part, an admittance of too-big a wrong-doing ( “They’re all destined to die, anyway!” He had argued, the frown on Han’s face deepening with each syllable), but he didn’t create any more, either. Now, he’s grateful for the misperception, if only to go out into the valley below with minimal effort to conceal himself. Leia has asked for you . A chubby-fisted child waves as he passes through the busiest market street, gesturing wildly at the copper gleam of his hair. Their mother, a woman with coarse curls atop her own head and one hand in a basket of persimmons, looks to the source of the commotion from her right hip, but Hux darts away to the shaded side of the nearest building before she gets a good look at him. “Hiding from humans?” Hux nearly jumps out of his skin before schooling his expression to one of lip-curling disdain. “Seems a strange thing for you to say, of all people.” He’s putting off turning around to face the other man - no doubt something they are aware of. It’s quiet for a moment, as much as is possible in the shadow of market day. “I was unaware nymphs could age like this, Persephone.” Something near sickly sweet and cloying is heavy in the air, as if it’s more humid than Hux knows it to be. The back of his tongue feels numb, weighty in his mouth. “I’d prefer you call me Hux. And I don’t know why you think we wouldn’t age the same as you do, Ben.” There’s the barest hint of inflection on his name, knowing it will rake. “Ben is dead.” “Yes, I can’t imagine why else you’d spend so much time in the void.” Hux has convinced himself to turn at last, and Hecate’s eyes are alight, something like blood boiling up in the pupil. He looks different now, much more so than Hux does from when they last met. There’s a movement at the corner of his eye that looks like another long, well muscled arm from the left side of his body - more of an intrinsic knowledge that it's there than a corporeal limb. “I’m not there now, am I?” He speaks lowly, and the smell of pennyroyal and overripe fruit feels like a physical grip at his throat, a slow, promising squeeze. “I suppose you have been away for so long you’ve gotten yourself lost. Allow me to direct you: Olympus is that way, and surely your mother awaits your visit. Away with you.” “She awaits the both of us, does she not?” Hux mumbles a swear, digs his fingernails into his palms. Blood glistens where the calloused skin breaks, smelling of floral copper. Fragile green sprouts shoot up where the weighty droplets hit the earth underneath him; he hates them. A sign of weakness, of a loss of control that Ben can see plain as the nose on his face. “Only when she can’t have you does she wait for me.” The growth closest to his left foot stretches towards the light coming from the main road weakly. “You owe me this to go see her. Alone,” he tacks on. Something in Ben’s face closes in on itself. It’s a denial louder than words. “At least this, Ben.” “Ben is dead. Go to Olympus - you will greatly regret not going tonight. I swear this.” Maybe Ben swallows thickly here, maybe Hux imagines it. “I swear it on my name.” Hux lets out a thin, hysterical laugh - more exhale than anything else. “And to which name do you refer?” But Ben is gone, and not even the scent of rich decay lingers after him. Han has situated himself on the cushions directly next to Poe, and though Poe thinks he himself smells a bit like dirt and metal ore, the scent of soil and sun on the worn linen of Han’s robes stirs some sort of nostalgic longing deep and sweet in his belly, different to his own in an important way he can’t place. When he wraps an arm about Poe’s shoulders to bring him from his conversation with Finn, Poe has to stop himself from taking an overt whiff of him. “Bringer of Great Gifts,” he says instead. “Poe - tell me...what of my son? What of Ben?” “He convinced me to come here,” Poe says honestly, aware of a few pairs of eavesdropping ears. “Kylo is - well.” He pauses. “That is to say, well, he’s - better.” He’s stable, hardly flickers between worlds at all anymore and he talks now to the voices that don’t live solely in his head. Sometimes I think I might be able to control him if I play it right, but mostly that’s him allowing me to do so. As if summoned, pulled by some impossible magnetic knowledge of what they were discussing, Leia sweeps into the room, Obi-Wan following her closely. They all rise as seamlessly as a wave as Leia passes to the raised, bleached stone dais where her throne sat, heavily adorned in olive carved oak and framed in buttery afternoon sunlight. Obi-Wan’s caduceus glints in the light - he sends Poe and Han a wink as he passes in Leia’s wake, though Leia predictably doesn’t spare them a glance. Han is all but glued to her now, though, watching each movement of the soft blue drapes of her chiton as if to commit it to memory. The flick of his eyes upwards to the braids coiffed at her head feels like a palpable caress at the crown of Poe’s own. But that could just be Maz’s presence at the opposite end of the hall, spreading the smell of sweet apple blossom and violets through the hall with each twirl of her long fingers, the shells at her throat tinkling gently. She sends him a rueful grin when she catches him looking. “You haven’t seen her in that long, Han?” He keeps his voice as soft as a he can will it, suddenly very curious to know. “It’s complicated.” Poe wants to press further, press on it like a still bleeding wound, like a tongue both prods and protects an aching tooth, but the gruffness of Han’s voice stops him. He turns back to Leia. She does an obvious scan of the room once she’s seated, though her face remains largely impassive, even when finding Kylo not among the gathered crowd. Her nails barely tip-tip-tap at the arm of her throne as she seems to try and collect her thoughts to speak. That’s when the first glimmer of sun-streaked copper catches his eye from behind the sheer, fluttering linen partitioning the hall from the terrace. Leia sees it too, something tightening in her face. Poe looks back at her curiously. What’s this? Beside him, Han extends his arm, motioning at the figure to come in from the courtyard. “Come join us, son.” Poe manages to keep his mouth from falling open, though is unable to keep the rest of his face wholly neutral. He sees Rey in a similar conundrum, though Finn, at least, seems to recognize the newcomer, smiling politely as they cross into the great hall proper. “Persephone.” Leia’s face crumples in on itself as she calls out to the newcomer - skin the tell-tale pearly gleam of a nymph, near translucence. The partition behind him absorbs some of the afternoon light, though the rich, tawny gold of his hair seems lit by its own sun. Even the curl of his lashes are alight around eyes like sea glass - light enough Poe can’t discern their color from this distance. Visibly gritting his teeth, the nymph turns to face her. “Lightning-Maker.” Leia looks him up and down as if searching for something. When she speaks again she doesn’t so much as look away from his finely carved face. “Leave us, I’m to speak to him alone.” Predictably, Han ignores her request, though Hux might appreciate that, somewhere, once he gets past the tangle of nerves tight in his gut. Each passing Olympian’s gaze on him is a cattle brand, burning still and deep even as they leave the hall. But if their eyes are the singing burn of iron Leia’s are pure, white heat, unfiltered by a physical medium, straight from one of her bolts itself. “You called for me.” It’s meant to come out a question. Hux aches for this to be over with, wants to plow through it on his own terms before leaving as swiftly as he’s allowed. “As I have been.” “Have been,” he echoes dumbly, Han coming to stand beside him. “Leia - ” A lifted hand stops Han’s interruption. “My family has been...unfair to you.” Hux can’t tell if the ringing silence is just in his ears or echoed in the hall, Han himself looking a bit uncomfortable. “If you are trying to somehow assure me that I’m not, in fact, your son, this was a waste of time for all of us - ” “Hux, don’t be ridiculous - ” “Be quiet, Han.” Hux doesn’t really expect him to buck a direct order, but the immediate compliance chafes. Everything does, in truth. Any stock he held in Ben’s words only proves what a fool he is; Hux has never regretted anything like this before in his life. “I’ve never seen a nymph grow to do what you’re able to do.” “Yes, your son told me much the same this afternoon.” It cuts the way Hux expected it to, both Han and Leia suddenly leaning forward like dry, dying weeds to sunlight, a summer rain. “You spoke with Ben?” Hux can’t tell which one of them is speaking, feeling suddenly like he’s being held underwater. “Ben is dead,” he breathes out through the imaginary tide assaulting his nose and mouth, fighting down some hysterical giggle as he echoes the words that had infuriated him not hours prior. “Ben has been dead longer than you think.” “Don’t - ” He ignores Han, looking directly at Leia’s drawn face. “He wasn’t amenable to speaking with you in person. But I suppose you knew that.” There’s a singe in the air like ozone and smoldering copper. Leia’s mouth hardly moves when she speaks to him again, and Hux can see through her skin in the tell-tale sign of her temper - each heartbeat a lightning strike underneath the crepey skin at the hollow of her throat, illuminating the spider’s web of capillaries and the cage of her chest. “You speak too freely.” “Your inability to listen to reason isn’t my responsibility.” “ Hux ,” Han’s hand is heavy cuffing the back of his neck, and impossible to shake off. “Mourn your son and be free of this.” “Be free of what? You?” Hux blinks, winded. “Is that what you called me here for, Leia? What tree am I to become? What corner of the earth will you send me to? No matter the space you think you can carve from me Kylo Ren will never fit into it.” “That’s enough , both of you!” Leia and Hux continue to stare at each other, breathing heavily. He wants Han’s hand removed from his person immediately, the weight suddenly painful. The trees in the courtyard creak and groan in a nonexistent wind - no doubt every Olympian is aware of the spectacle in this hall. “Come with me, Hux.” “You haven’t been excused, Han.” “I wasn’t invited to stay in the first place, was I, Princess?” Joints like wood, Hux allows himself to be led bodily to the shade of a poplar. “What are you thinking, Hux?” “What would you have me say, Demeter?” “Don’t call me that.” The hand on his neck is gone. “She brought me here to banish me or worse.” “Leia wouldn’t - ” Behind them, the poplar creaks, then splits clean down the middle. The thud of each half hitting the ground beneath shakes the leaves on the other trees lined up around it. He and Han look at each other for a moment. “Was that you?” “Did you do that?” Hux sighs. Han runs a palm over his face. “I wouldn't let her hurt you.” “If she really wanted to, you couldn’t stop her.” Hux pauses. “I don’t - blame you. For that.” “I hope one of you can fix that before Leia sees.” Han and Hux both snap to the new voice, Finn’s easy smile balming over some of the stinging irritation of being interrupted. Hux feels slightly mollified, at least, that it’s just Finn seeing this - until the man at Finn’s right comes into view. Stocky, though not quite as broad as Finn, Hux thinks he may be a human for a moment given the lack of usual gleam to him. Though standing next to Finn probably has that effect on anyone. His hair is silken, downy - Hux likens it to a shadow itself, moving of its own accord even as he comes to a stop in front of him. Heavy rings glint on his thick fingers, his heavy-browed gaze a physical weight. Hux swallows as delicately as he can manage, turning to mend the poplar. Flower nymphs, Poe learns, flush a very interesting green color. He tries to hide a smile behind his hand as the nymph turns briskly on their heel so his back to to them, though beside him Finn makes no such effort, clapping Han on the shoulder and jerking his chin towards the fallen poplar. “You’re as gifted as ever, Han.” “If you think I won’t embarrass you because your friend is here you have greatly overestimated my character.” Poe watches the nymph crouch to place his hands flat to the sun-warm earth where the poplar had split in half as if by a massive axe while Finn and Han continue bickering. Something stiffens at the boy’s shoulders the longer Poe’s eyes are on him - he can sense him watching, then. But it doesn’t give him much pause as he exhales lowly, some glittering mist floating briefly in the space between his generous mouth and the earth before the poplar seizes together with a great groan, snapping back into place with hardly a shaken leaf to prove it had ever been any different. “I was unaware you had another son, Han.” “Hux came to us when he was young.” Han stops himself here, looking towards the rigid line of the nymph’s back. “Shortly after Ben left.” Hux whips around, eyes strangely yellow though the green tinge to his skin has dissipated. “You’re very powerful.” Poe says earnestly. Hux turns to him, brow furrowed. “I - what?” He catches himself, shaking his head. “Did you expect differently?” Poe spreads his hands, placating. “I make a habit to not expect anything.” Hux eyes him critically. “Who are you?” “You’d both know each other if you could be bothered to join us more than once every seventy years.” “That means much coming from you, Shooter From Afar .” Hux sniffs, though Finn shrugs him off with a rueful grin. Poe watches how the column of his throat moves as he speaks before licking at his lips and extending a hand. “Poe.” Hux grips at his forearm warily. The nymph nods once at Han and Finn before turning on his heel. “See you in seventy years,” he calls over a slim shoulder as he leaves. The day stretches impossibly long into rich orange mid-afternoon when the hall barely starts to clear. Undoubtedly Chewie and Maz will lead several stragglers to spend the week in a stupor here while Leia turns a semi-blind eye to it, though Poe finds himself accepting Han’s unexpected invitation to join him on his journey back home before the second wind takes hold of the remaining party-goers. “You won’t mind if we travel normally?” Poe rolls his eyes. “I don’t know what you mean, Han.” “I’ve seen you make your share of dramatic entrances from the void.” “It’s faster,” he argues as they cross the manicured courtyard, the chatter from the great hall fading from a roar to a murmur to silence behind them. Han hums noncommittally and they walk in silence before Poe has to ask. “Where did he come from, Han?” “Does it matter?” “I wouldn’t ask you otherwise.” “You’ve done things for my family I can’t begin to thank you for, Aidoneus. But Hux values his privacy, I can’t - ” Poe feels something sympathetic twist in his gut. He settles a hand on Han’s shoulder. “I understand.” He’s learned to not make the same mistake twice, and Poe tries to not begrudge him for it. “But you called him your son and Leia didn’t skin either of you alive, I had to ask.” Han snorts and returns the gesture, though the moment of camaraderie is cut short by a mountain lion sinking it thick teeth into the meat of Han’s calf. “Down, Millicent.” “With some urgency , please!” Han yelps, batting at the beast clamped to his leg with little effectiveness. But Hux is looking squarely at Poe, unable to keep his brow from furrowing. Has Han not made him suffer enough today? “ Hux. ” “Tch. Down, Millicent.” “Foul beast,” Han hisses as the cat slowly releases his grip and backs away. “New visitors make her nervous,” Hux says flatly, still looking at Poe. “I’m hardly new here,” Poe offers with a small grin. “I’ve been around longer than you have, I believe.” “So you are well acquainted with the exit?” “It has been,” Han says loudly, “a long, tiring day for everyone. And this calls for wine. Poe is joining us for a drink.” “Like the kind you’ve been drinking all day?” Hux snaps. Poe looks awkwardly between them before clearing his throat. “Hux is right, I can’t impose on you after how long a day it’s been.” Han looks at the shorter man, clearly betrayed. “Will you show me out?” He has to do a small double take before realizing Poe is talking to him. Han is sending him a look that bears no argument, though, so after a long exhale through his nose Hux makes his way stiffly down the temple steps. “Of course.” “But perhaps through the garden first?” Stopping short, Hux sends the man a look promising murder, though Poe is grinning, wholly nonplussed. “Surely it’s nothing so impressive it requires a tour this very second.” “I hadn’t pegged you for false modesty. It’s clearly magnificent. I’d hate to have to take up another day of yours coming back to look at it in the daylight.” “Hux maintains it all by himself, you know,” Han offers smugly. An angry, thorn covered vine blooms from the earth at his feet to wrap around his ankle. Hux doesn’t deign to look back to watch Han audibly fight it off. “Then I must see what you’ve made of Han’s lot. It was largely cannabis and overgrown weeds when last I visited.” “A short walk,” Hux agrees, lips barely moving. Poe’s grin grows wider when he sees it. “It was good to see you again, Poe.” Han waves as he walks to the temple’s entrance. “You as well, Han.” He turns back to Hux. “Shall we?” Hux wordlessly grabs Poe’s elbow and takes him to the left of the temple. Poe lets himself be dragged parallel to the stream, bypassing the neat rows of flowers. “Mm. Is this tour going to involve the chance to actually see the garden?” Hux stops so quickly Poe runs bodily into his shoulder. The hand not on Poe’s arm pinches the bridge of his nose before pointing and intoning dully: “Narcissus. Rose. Lavender. Foxglove. Jasmine - ” “Have I offended you so badly?” “I ask that you show some amount of patience after what I’ve had to do today.” “And what was that?” He asks, sounding genuinely curious as he shakes his arm free. Hux freezes, appalled that this man would lie to him here. “You offend me by feigning ignorance.” “I’m not clever enough for artifice, I assure you.” “And yet I’m walking you through my home in clear duress - ” “ Duress ?” “Both of us well aware you asked this of me specifically against my will and - ” “Enough.” Poe steps back, looking uncomfortable for the first time today. “I assure you, my intent was not to make you uncomfortable, Persephone.” “Hux, please.” He grinds out. Poe tilts his head in acknowledgement. “I hope the next time we meet you allow me the opportunity to make this up to you, Hux.” “In seventy years?” Poe ruffles the shadowy curls atop his head and chuckles quietly. “Not quite so long, if I’m lucky.” Hux feels an expression tug at his mouth against his will and better judgement. “Do you usually consider yourself lucky?” Something falters in the other man’s expression, causing Hux to frown as well. “No.” Hux chews the inside of his cheek before bending down and pulling some new growth from the ground below. Delicate star-like petals veined with a rich burgundy encircle both of their feet. Poe bends to examine them, looking oddly intent. “Why did you make these?” He breathes. “That’s not really how it works.” He watches as Poe plucks the biggest one from the earth and spins it between his thumb and forefinger. “One day you’ll have to explain it to me, then. I’ve taken advantage of you enough today.” Hux juts his chin the the flower in Poe’s hand. “That’s to hold you over a few decades.” The first stars shining overhead pinprick bright white in sharp relief to the watercolor sunset washing over the meadow, staining the new blossoms and ripe little buds hidden in the lush greenery around them. Cool, earthy smelling mist and inky darkness seep out in sleepy tendrils from the ground at their feet from invisible crevices, surround the dark haired man and the reedy asphodel stalks like a lover, tender as if sentient. Hux thinks he feels the breath of it as it rises high around, erasing the gleaming orange-streaked-lilac dusk completely in velvety pitch - like it was never there, could never exist even inside a fever dream. There’s a hand warm on his wrist and he drags his eyes away to the warm olive set in front of him, wholly entranced. “Star-killer,” he breathes. Notes: Thank you very much for reading! Feedback is always appreciated. You can find me on tumblr here if you feel the itch.