“Remember, Captain, that you were fortunate to not be executed for your failings.” Phasma turned her helmet slowly to look at General Hux. “The destruction of the base was not my doing, General.” “The stormtroomper who made you lower the shields belonged to a class you personally trained, did he not?” “Yes,” Phasma admitted coolly, “FN-2187 was part of a group you and I observed practising many times. You admired his leadership qualities.” “I remember,” he said bitterly. “As I also remember, I trusted you to remove the impurities of the group.” “Whatever was within him was ingrained; he would have been terminated within days had he not fled with that prisoner. Besides, Kylo Ren did not make an example of him when he sensed his betrayal on Jakku.” Hux could tell she knew: Ren had seen into FN-2187’s mind, immediately known his designation and his seditious thoughts and had failed. He had done nothing. “Perhaps his senses are not as acute as he would have you believe.” “Perhaps.” She paused for a lingering moment. “I’ll leave his punishment to your discretion, sir.” She didn’t wait for a response, marching away and leaving Hux wishing he was the one wearing a mask. “Captain,” he called out. He had to know what she knew. She stopped but didn’t turn. “Explain yourself.” “I found a ginger hair trapped in the door to Ren’s quarters a few days ago.” She turned and look at him head-on and said, in a tone of dry amusement, “I was surprised that your cat had ventured so far. She isn’t particularly fond of Ren, is she?” This was blackmail! Stiffly, on the edge of rage, he replied. “The matter is closed, Captain. You may return to your duties.” “As you say, sir.” Phasma swept away. Hux let out a long sigh. At least Phasma wouldn’t tell anyone. “Sir?” a tiny voice said. Hux turned to face the noise. Lieutenant Mitaka stood a bit too close for comfort behind him. “If you want, General, I could make sure Millicent couldn’t leave your quarters.” Hux marched towards him, speeding up and letting his rage overcome him. “Sir, sir! Please, what–” He held his hands up to protect himself. Hux pinned him up against the wall, grabbing his collar in both hands. “Listen, you little wretch. If you tell anyone what she said, I’ll kill you.” He let go and left Mitaka rigid against the wall with shock, striding away back to his quarters. He was halfway across the compound when his thoughts came back to him. He hasn’t just felt rage when he’d threatened Mitaka, he’d felt powerful, his rage giving way to excitement. Adrenaline had flowed through him, and it was still there: it needed a release. He arrived at Ren’s quarters mere minutes later, having run to get there. “Don’t disturb–” Ren began as the door opened. “Shut up,” Hux snapped. Ren was sitting silently in the middle of the dark room, meditating in deceptively complex grey robes. His eyes shot open and followed Hux around the room. It was a small room. Bed, low seats, a few recessed storage areas. Dark grey walls and a meagre window. Most importantly, it was secluded from the other living quarters. Hux could see Ren knew what he was thinking. Well of course he knows , Ren thought, cursing the Force. “Don’t, Ren. It makes me uncomfortable when you look in my mind.” “Fine.” A shadow of a smile passed across his solemn face. “But isn’t it my turn to top?” “Since when have we taken turns?” Hux said, disgusted at the suggestion. “I can tell you’ve thought about it, you know.” “Don’t,” Hux warned again. “I have, but if we’re not quick about this, I might lose interest.” The subtlety of Ren’s own interest melted away, leaving it plain to see in the vacuum of his dark eyes. They reflected Hux’s own hunger. Hux gratefully let Ren undress himself, watching him each piece of clothing violently struck down to the floor. He whisked off his own clothes in what seemed to be an instant by comparison. Hux busied himself studying Ren’s body. His robust figure made him loom large with his height, but beneath the layers of tunic and robe, Hux was always surprised to see how lithe he was as well. And even though they were almost of a height with one another, Hux still begrudged Ren his extra inches. When Ren turned around, Hux gave him no time to escape his kiss, knocking him onto the bed. He forced it upon Ren, burning anger still alight deep inside him. Intense meditation had left Ren with a warm, heavy scent. Ren clasped held Hux tight as he tangled his hands in Ren’s hair. He felt Ren curl his lips and opened his eyes to see that his ravine-like scar had deformed even further. “Don’t smile,” Hux said when he caught a breath. “ With your new scar, it makes you look ugly .” Ren only smiled more. “Liar,” he said, pulling Hux’s hand down to touch it. He watched with pleasure when Kylo winced as he ran his thumb across the scar. “Wrong again. I didn’t say I didn’t like it. It serves my purpose.” He studied it again. Yes. The scar across Ren’s face was a tormenting memory of pain and lost honour. Ren turned both of them over so he was on top of Hux, crouching on all fours and tasting his neck with little bites. “If you don’t stop looking at me, you’ll never get your pleasure,” he whispered. The room was freezing but Hux’s face was awash with heat. The dull ache in his cock rose to a painful throb. “Now. Stay just like that.” He slipped out from beneath Ren and grabbed a bottle from one storage slot in the wall. He poured a bit onto his hands and worked it down his cock. “General,” Ren called. Hux stepped over eagerly, one hand on Ren and one to guide his cock in. He put his head to Ren’s asshole. With a gentle push it went in with a sharp moan from Ren. He pushed more, now holding Ren around the waist and pulling on him, glad to feel Ren’s shudders as his cock went deeper. He was completely in and began to pull out slowly. In again, out again, increasing his pace as Ren’s moaning became more intense. A hiss of pain, a sigh, a grunt - Ren’s reactions fuelled Hux’s passion. He brought his hand down hard on Ren’s ass, glad of the red print it produced. Again, and the sensation was almost too much to bear. Each breath brought another thud in Hux’s brain, unable to process the heat, the groans and muffled cries, the smell of sweat staining the staid bedsheets. Hux came. All he could see was a starfield, as if he had come out of hyperspace. Grabbing his head in both hands, he threw his head down hard into the small of Ren’s back. He cried out with pain, his anger and excitement finally turning to bliss. He relaxed, and Ren collapsed beneath him. He looked up to Ren and saw his wet eyes. “Fuck,” Ren whimpered. “I underestimated how fierce you could be.” “Shut up, Ren.” He pulled him closer, considering a smile of approval. “You’d better impress me when it’s your turn.” Notes: My tumblr is WordsOfWorlds if you want to ask/say something or commission a fic. Leave a comment if you enjoyed the fic!