Time Five years prior... "Please, Ben. Please come home." Leia sobbed a broken sound as she hung up on her son's voicemail once again for the hundredth time. She attempted to soothe her sore mind with her palm as she sat at her desk, it was 23:46 but the time didn't matter anymore. Her husband rubbed his eyes as he stumbled into the room, "Leia? What are you doing?" He croaked, Leia met his gaze sadly, "Trying to reach Ben again, no answer." She wanted to cry but she was just so tired that all the tears she felt refused to well up in her sunken eyes. Han sighed heavily, "Come on, Sweetheart. Let's go to bed." She spared one last glance at their telephone, as if in hope with the last second he would call back, then nodded hesitantly to her husband as she shuffled to bed to try and get sleep to find her. As she lay awake her thoughts of course drifted to her son. He was well into adulthood, 27 to be exact, she didn't mean for him to come home exactly but he would know what she had meant. To come back to being her son again. She didn't even know if she had the right number to reach him, it just gave her some peace of mind to try calling him. He just upped and left one day out of the blue about six years ago now... And it gave her tremendous heart ache, as if her son had died. She could spend the remains of her life time second guessing as to what her only child was doing that he would cut them off so completely, but she supposed she would never know... _________________ Kylo had checked his personal mobile in which The First Order doesn't know about - his mother had called him. Again... He stuffed the phone deeply under the passenger seat to his new Jaguar FX - crisp, black leather lined the insides and the windows were conveniently tinted. A feature he would most definitely need soon. Kylo Ren had worked his way up to the top to be just below the 'benefactor' himself - nobody knows his real name, but he goes by the name 'Snoke'. Kylo's never even seen his real face - he wore one of the most disturbing masks he's ever seen, even more so than a creepy clown mask. In fairness, Kylo Ren wasn't even his real name - you were never meant to go by your real name. Over the years he's learnt the tricks of the trade and now earns the big bucks as Snoke's right hand man, having taken him under his wing so to speak, seeing Kylo's potential. Kylo swiftly ducked out of his shiny onyx car and straightened out his suit and tie whilst running his fingers through his raven hair. He stalked under the dimly lit street to the abandoned warehouse that was tonight's meeting place - a different one each time to avoid... Suspicion. The lamp lights flickered ominously and he alternated his gaze from each side to ensure no one was around in the stark night to see a man in a tux enter an abandoned warehouse. Satisfied he wasn't being followed, he opened the dilapidated door. "Kylo Ren, so glad you could make it." Snoke said with feigned kindness. Snoke's grey mask of torn flesh still sent chills up his spine. Kylo merely nodded to him and the few around him, also maskless like himself. Kylo wished he could wear his mask along to these meetings as well as his 'jobs' - but wearing them to said meetings was absolutely prohibited. Snoke had to know all the faces he had working for him and you weren't allowed to know his. Only when and where to meet him for a job and then be merrily on your way to living in solitary confinement - but in the comfort of money, particularly if you were as good as Kylo. "I have a job for you." And with these words, Kylo stiffened before nodding for him to continue. Snoke gestured for him to step forward to collect a photo that was no doubt taken by one of their own on what they call a Scouting job. This was no Scouting job. Kylo retrieved the picture from Snoke's gloved hand and he felt a lump temporarily constrict his throat. He knew this man. It was nearly always someone you'd never heard of, never seen. But not this man. Snap Wexley - owner of the car repair shop that he handed over to Kylo's father after his smuggling days were finished on account of starting his family. Him and his mother. Snap was kind to his family when Kylo was but a child. "He still owes one of our companies quite the sum of money. Unbeknownst of the origins of course, but if he still won't give me my money then we'll take it." Kylo tried to swallow the lump in his throat to look at Snoke sans any emotion at all. The best he could do was frown, feigning confusion. Snoke sounded like he was smiling - but Kylo couldn't tell of course - when he said, "It's up to you to find him and do what needs to be done to get that money of mine, Kylo." Kylo composed himself enough by this point to appear almost bored. "What time?" This, in their terms, meant 'how long do I have to get this done?'. Snoke leant forward as if to whisper, "Three." Meaning three weeks. Three weeks. That was unusually long for this kind of task but Kylo had a feeling that he would need as much time as he could get to essentially terminate a family friend. Snoke scratched his left shoulder atop his cloak like jacket - this meant that Kylo was to start preparations immediately. So as the meeting ensued, Kylo would have to be informed of what he missed next time. Kylo tried to stop his hand from shaking as he tried to open the door to his car - he hadnt experienced anything like this since his first elimination (this was the preferred term). This was going to be a long three weeks. __________________ Rey swiped the back of her forehead with her forearm as she threw herself deeper into the car bonnet - she couldn't remember what the Americans called it and they always found it funny when she said it. Rey was nicknamed 'The Early Bird', as she would come to the repair shop before it opened to help Chewie set up. It was currently 6am and she just wanted to get this damned hunk of junk fixed already. She'd been working on it for weeks to and fro in her precious hours she could spare between high school and looking after her grandfather as well as trying her damndest to financially support them both - wanting her grandad to live as comfortably as he could, feeling their funds are currently insufficient, she works here. 'Han and Chewie's' quite literally. It was that morning that she first saw the car, a pretentious sports car. Quite the beautiful specimen, really but Rey automatically hated people who had more money than they needed because they would always waste it. It looked like a brand spanking new, sparkling black Jaguar. The 2011 Jaguar XF , she thought. Rey frowned at the car that was parked across the road to the repair shop. No one got in, no one came out. It just sat there. What is a car like that doing hanging around these parts? She thought. And she couldn't help but notice the car near enough each time she went to work until one night she'd finally decided to just ask Han or Chewie about it on the phone when a voice of velvet sounded from behind her, "Excuse me, but is the owner of this repair shop in right now?" She turned to see a man's neck so she quickly flit her eyes further up - this man was a tree! she tried to hide her shock in her thoughts. Though Rey had a 'no boys 'til college' policy he wasn't bad to look at, she had to refrain from biting her lip. He smirked an impish grin as he ran his hand through his Raven locks and Rey snapped herself out of whatever kind of shocked state she was in to answer, "Um no, no they aren't sorry. Can I take a message or...?" Kylo knew very well that they weren't here, that's why he used Rey. But he feigned his innocence, quirking his brows, "Oh, well, if it's not too much trouble could you put this on - uhh ' Chewie ' is it? - yea his desk please?" He said cryptically, luckily she was young thus naive enough not to think anything of it and not sensing his facade - nobody ever does. She nodded with a bright smile and an 'of course,' a small part of him was almost entertained by her bright and candid demeanour but he had to admit that he did love the accent. When she returned he unintentionally blurted, "Did you grow up here? You sound like you're from England." She smiled sweetly so much so that it actually made him smile genuinely in return, "Oh no, I moved here to live with my grandfather when I was eight." No need to add as to why that was, Rey thought sadly. Kylo sensed the slight shift in her smile, how it downcast at the thought so he tried to back pedal before it got awkward, "Oh right, well it was nice meeting you uhhm...?" "Rey." She said warmly and he outstretched his palm to her unthinkingly, she shook it firmly as he spoke, "Matt." Oh that was another thing - if you ever interact with another person linked with the person you were here to eliminate, then never give a name you actually go by and never use the same name twice. And with that, Rey peered up at the clock at the repair shop and jumped, "Oh shit ! I'm gonna be late!" She started gathering her things vehemently as she prepared to leave, begging for Chewie or Han to come quickly so she could leave for school. She turned to Matt with an apologetic smile as he frowned, "Late?" "For school, I'm sorry Matt it was nice to meet you!" She stated as she threw on her old denim jacket and wiped the dirt from her face and tried not to react to the gapped mouth of the man she'd met, "You're still at school ?!" "I'm a senior ." She said indignantly, she was almost eighteen after all. He blinked, "In college...?" She almost laughed as they walked out of the repair shop, standing outside waiting. She shook her head and his eyebrows somehow rose further which only made her laugh internally. "Well shit." He laughed shakily and she rolled her eyes. "Why? how old are you?" He smirked and she quirked a brow at his response, "Another time, then you'll know you'll see me again." She rolled her eyes at his cheeseball line and scoffed, "Alright Casanova ." And with that he'd stalked away at the very moment Chewie's old sky blue Chevy truck rounded the corner. She tried not to think about the mysterious man she'd met that day and it was quite easy when she thought back to her childhood and how absolutely no one could be trusted - she should have asked what he wanted. These thoughts were not random, for through the corner of her eye she'd caught a glimpse of him sliding into the shiny black Jaguar that had been outside the workplace countlessly these last few days. And just like that, Rey's polite demeanour would vanish for him. * * * * Kylo tried to have better control over his thoughts. He was being torn apart lately, it used to be so easy for him to mindlessly 'take care' of a guy that Snoke wanted dead and get the money - he would use who he needed and get exactly what he wanted, in more ways than one. But now... It was different somehow. It would be easy to get to that girl but it's so wrong she's still at high school! That would have to stay PG - he had no idea how to use a girl without using that way of getting to her. There was next to no way that he was going to even find where Snap Wexley is unless he found him through that letter he gave Chewie. It would have been stupid to show his face to Chewie or his father for obvious reasons, and he knows for a fact that they never even check surveillance. So it was a simple start, write a letter for Wexley on business at his last known place of work - he did this through, what was that high schooler's name? Anyway through her, and now he just had to wait. But Kylo was never idle. He decided to go the extra mile. Time to see if that high schooler knows anything about Wexley. Kylo timed it each time so that it was just her at the repair shop and before getting there, he busted the latch of the hood of his beautiful car - it didn't matter, he had money to burn so even if she cocked up the fix he would get it done. And so he strut his way to the repair shop, smoothing out his light teal turtle neck sweater - designer, of course - sunglasses on, ready to flirt the pants off of that girl, wait not literally that far . Ugh this was already bringing obstacles that he didn't seem to have since his first few runs in this business. But it turned out to be harder, because when he'd gotten to the repair shop, the girl didn't look best pleased to see him - he didn't usually get that effect when they seemed so spritely about him off the cuff like she did. "You need to leave, Matt." And thanking you for the not-so-friendly reminder of my name to you, he thought impishly. But on the outside as well as in, he was remotely shocked, "Wh - what?!" He stuttered belligerently. She turned to him from behind some car hood and jabbed the spanner at him in accusation, taking several steps forward towards him, "Your the one who's been in that Jag that's been practically stalking this place for days! Give me one - actually, give me several good reasons why I shouldn't call the police on you right away you shady, no good -" Dramatic much? He thought but then realised how deep the shit he would be in if she did call the cops on him, he composed himself enough to feign innocence and interrupt, "The latch on my hood is busted... And I had to make sure this was the right place for the business I was here for." He gave a shrug of his shoulders as he curved his lips into a crooked smile which normally made them drool but this girl was having none of it. Whilst Rey had admittedly liked the look of the man it vanished as quickly as it came by at the reality of him. She sniffed him out to be a crook of some kind - that much had now become obvious to her if nothing else. Before she blurted out that she didn't believe him, she spared him an askance glance before peeking behind his shoulder - being unable to peek over it with him being so tall - and looked to his car before meeting his sunglasses again. "A latch repair is pretty simple but I still don't get why you brought that car here ." She sized him up as she crossed her arms, getting more car grease on her old grey vest. Kylo smirked, "What if I came back to finish our conversation?" To his surprise, she didn't laugh sweetly as before, she scoffed, "Then you're an even bigger fake than I'd anticipated." Shit, this really was an off day. How in the hell did a naive little high schooler see through his most efficient means of work? Some girl who was once involved in their business compared him to James Bond. Maybe the Anti-Bond , Kylo decided. Unless, of course, she was no where near as naive as he'd thought or even hoped. Think of how to recover, Kylo! Think! He sighed almost dramatically with a wave of his hands, "Can't a guy just get his car fixed in this place?" And she frowned at him and flicked her chin towards his car for him to go and get it. As he brought it over the air was awkwardly silent. She refused to even spare him a glance as she begun to take a look at his car, until she spoke when she needed to, "The latch looks like it was busted in... Are you sure no one tried to get into the hood of your car for parts or something?" She asked dubiously and he had to refrain from quirking his brows - she was smarter than the other car repairers that barely noticed the latch being purposefully busted. To lighten the tension he was starting to feel, he quipped, "Why? Have you done that before, Scavenger?" He purred his most seductive murmur, internally grateful that he came up with a nickname as he'd forgotten her real one. This didn't even seem to stir anything in her big hazel eyes. Secretly, deep down, Rey found it the sexiest thing she'd ever come across but this guy was just making the hairs rise on her neck for the wrong reasons so she chided herself for the dark thoughts and brushed them aside vehemently. "No!" He noticed she seemed to take it a little more personally than intended... And he wondered briefly why that was. Until he walked right into deep shit again. The evening soon grew later and neither had really realised the time, as she looked like she wanted to retort but caught a glimpse of the clock on the wall, "Shit! Why am I always late nowadays!" She cussed under her breath as she started packing up shop. Kylo eyed the clock and had realised he'd been there nearly three and half hours. He rolled his eyes, Jesus Christ, Kylo. It wasn't until he'd stepped out the shop moments before the Scavenger when he'd seen The Rebels - a rather unimaginative name for their gang Kylo thought but then The First Order wasn't exactly spectacular. The Rebels were a rival gang, but even without knowing Kylo's face, they were here to cause trouble. And they were eyeing the two up from under their hoods and masks of their own. "Ok time to go home, Scavenger." It sounded like a quip yet he was being dead serious. He reached for her hand to take her to her car and she, clearly not seeing the danger, ripped her hand from his and spat, "My. Name. Is. Rey ! And don't take my hand!" He rolled his eyes but tried to shoo her off to her car before they made a scene, giving The Rebels a reason to come over. Which sadly, appeared to be the case anyway... "Would you stop that?! I'm not a child! I do not need to be shown how to get to my car!" If there was one thing Rey hated, it was being patronised and she felt he was doing just that. Until she'd heard a whistle from a man nearby, and saw the way Matt's eyes closed in defeat, stopping them dead in their tracks. "What's going on here?" The one up front asked in a teasing manner, and they all variously contributed during which Rey's blood turned cold. "Tekka, what's going on here?" "I don't know, what's going on here, Greedo?" " Who wants to know?" " Kanata wants to know!" They had all but circled them to the nearby wall under the lamplit night and Kylo automatically adopted a protective stance over Rey, gently guiding her behind his shoulder as they threatened to creep in closer. After they had their fun with whatever the hell that was, they stopped ensuing them and held their positions around them as who Rey assumed was 'Kanata' began talking again, "What's going on, is that this... fine specimen -" Kylo didn't like the way he bit his lip as he tried to look the girl up and down, and it gave Rey shivers up her spine. "Doesn't want him to hold her hand." Kanata sneered with a smile at Kylo, and he in turn met his smug grin with his darkest glare, "You should leave before your little friends drop like flies." This earnt him a series of whoops, hoots and whistles from the gang and a hiss from Rey, "What are you doing you idiot?!" But Kylo knew exactly what he was doing. He always came prepared. He hushed back, "Just trust me." She scoffed and he rolled his eyes before focusing his attention back on the gang, who'd drawn too close for comfort. "Who the fuck are you to say that to me?!" Kanata fished a knife from a pocket and flashed it in front of him to Kylo. Rey tried not to wince, but found it difficult when she had nothing to defend herself with apart from Matt who was also defenceless... Or so she'd thought. As suddenly Matt stood a little taller and pulled out what Rey thought was... a lighter? - but whatever it was, the gang immediately shrunk back, "Where the fuck did you get that?!" "That's for me to know and you to cry about when I decide to use it." He said darkly, and Rey didn't realise just how scary this con-man she'd come to meet this week could be - and yet she'd never felt safer. Rey was more than competent in how to defend herself from her upbringing... But maybe when it came to a group of sadistic gangsta's it could be a different story, one she wasn't willing to find out. Kanata's eyes lit with recognition, "You're not a Bantha...?" Another poorly named gang, Kylo was almost insulted but then this was often their 'weapon' of choice and he would rather he be wrong about him. Kylo threatened them with it once again his mouth tauntingly agape as he held it up to them and they scurried back a few steps. "If you don't leave right now, I'll do it, and you can kiss your asses goodbye. Kiss each other's goodbye for all I care - just go." He lay on thickly for them to get the point, and suddenly one pulled out a gun to the two, "Quit it! I don't fucking believe this guy, Kanata! He's not a Bantha!" Rey gripped the back of Matt's sweater tightly when the one with the gun pulled it up towards them and Kylo grit his teeth. "Don't be stupid, man! You know what that is! Let's bounce." Kanata tugged roughly at his jacket sides and pointed at Kylo, "This ain't over!" Kylo stood his ground, maintaining his stance across Rey's tiny frame until well after they'd finally left. He finally turned around to see her taking the situation surprisingly well... "You alright?" She nodded, not trusting her voice. Yes, she had become accustomed to such occurrences but never had she been under a threat of that magnitude. Whilst she was grateful Matt had more or less just saved their arses, she was astounded, "What the hell was that, Matt?! I mean where did that come from?!" Kylo shifted uncomfortably for a second, confused at the anger in her tone when he had just saved her! He frowned, "What?! - argh never mind. It doesn't matter, what does is that your safe now. Where's your car?" She almost growled at him, why does he keep dodging my questions?! And to think for a foolish moment she actually found the enigma of him attractive. She thought better than to spit foul words to him to maintain her maturity and stormed off in the direction of her car. She half expected him to leave and yet he followed after her, keeping astride with her easily with his freakishly long legs. " Why are you following me? The thugs are gone now, your car's fixed." She spun around to him, she needed to get home to her grandfather and fast. His carer would have gone home by now. Kylo flit his eyes up and down her stance, sizing her up again as if it could help clear up some things he just didn't get about her. He was usually a very good people reader - immense perk for his job, but he found her very difficult to read. Women , he rolled his eyes. "Can't I at least walk you to your car? It's not safe around these parts." He should know. And yet so did she. She gave a sardonic snort, "I know, I can handle myself." He quirked a brow, maybe she could but she had no idea what The Rebels were capable of, they had as many eyes as The First Order around these parts - they would find her in a heartbeat if they wanted to, with the help of the 'weapon' he'd flashed earlier... "Maybe, but I'm still coming with you to your car." She sighed, obviously he was going to follow her anyway whether she said to or not. What Kylo couldn't fathom was as to why he actually even cared. It wouldn't be the first time he left a woman defenceless around gangs if it wasn't his problem, more often than not they wanted her eliminated themselves - for money, hopefully. It wasn't his problem, or job. So why was this any different? He pondered on whether it was her innocence and a long forgotten compassion of his. But she wasn't innocent, in that sense anyway, he could see that she had looked danger in the eyes before maybe even death. And he blamed his inexplicable curiosity of her on that fact. A foolish part of him wanting to know what it was she might have seen in the time she'd lived. Chapter 2 : Puzzle Notes: Here's the update!! Hope you guys enjoy!! :) PS: obviously 'Matt' is Kylo/Ben to Rey as his code name for the Wexley 'elimination' - I couldnt resist the minor 'Matt the Radar Technician' cameo XD, in which will always and forever be canon to me!! :'D "What?!" Finn almost spat out his granola bar as Poe hissed to Rey across the canteen table at lunch. Rey was already pretty tired, having a long morning from working at dawn and having somewhat of an evening... Rey was in no mood for any more drama - she'd had enough for her liking. She made a guttural sound in her annoyance, "Try not to shout Poe, ok? I don't need an inquest for Christ's sake." She didn't regret telling her two best friends of the events of last night, they seemingly shared everything... Almost everything. Matt's dark eyes flit into her mind for a fleeting moment and she sighed. She hadn't told them what she thought of him, how she can see his darkness like a film over his very presence - a skill she acquired a long, long time ago - and how she suspected him greatly, his charm a very careful puzzle of a façade. She rolled her eyes when they asked her if he was 'so hot she melted' and she had to remind them of her rule of no relationships until college. She needed the grades to get a scholarship - not that she should find it too difficult, somewhat having a knack for Astro-Physics in particular. The S.A.T's along with prom and graduation were growing ever closer so now more than ever she had to work. Hard. But that didn't seem to stop the couple in front of her from asking about Matt and if he was hot - prompting them to look a little sour when they realised their counterpart had asked that. Poe responded candidly, "If it wasn't you telling us this I would have thought you were making it up." Oh that's something else too, Rey has a big thing about trust. She supposed it stemmed from certain occurrences from her youth... Her parents premature passing the start of it to be precise... Rey dipped her head sadly for a moment in thought temporarily until snapping out of it, remembering where she was and what she was talking about. "Look, yes it's true and yes it was scary but it's over now and I've told Chewie and Han both about suspicious behaviour around the neighbourhood and they're improving surveillance so we shouldn't get any more trouble from them." They both stared at her, mouths agape for a solid twenty seconds, "You call almost being attacked by a gang merely 'suspicious behaviour' ?!" Finn cried, at least he's not as loud as Poe , Rey thought. She sighed and stated, "It was fine! I was fine!" "I'm just grateful this Matt guy was there, oh my God." Poe placed a hand over his chest as he sat back, relaxing some. This comment whilst outwardly bothered Rey, deep down she was eternally grateful that Matt was there with her then. But only for that, she doesn't want to owe him anything. Yet here she is, owing him her life. There was nothing she hated more. And it proved to be a severely inconvenient feat - as Matt returned to the repair shop when she was left to it alone after hours that day. Rey was adamant that she'd be more than happy to stay to finish the car she found at the 'junk yard' all those weeks ago. Seeing as she couldn't really afford a car as means of travel, Han said she could fix this one here for free. Han was something of a father to her, Chewie an Uncle. They meant everything to her. She guessed that this was why they were so uneasy to let her be here alone, especially after hours, due to the events of last night. "Are you sure, kid?" Han's eyes protruded dark circles, and yet he was fervent he would be more than alright with staying behind with Rey. But how could she do that? She smiled a watery grin, "I'll be alright, Han. Really, I will." She urged through her own tired eyes. She desired the solitude after Poe and Finn fussing over her all day, making sure she would be OK and wouldn't be subject to any further form of threat. But that was bound to be the case sooner or later... She rolled her body beneath the car for her head to divulge from underneath to see the ceiling lights. A certain clanking noise had prompted her to do so and she failed to source the noise. "Who's there?" She heard some shuffling and before she could raise her voice, she heard a chuckle, "Ah, just the person I was looking for." She sighed as she closed her eyes, trying to refrain from holding the bridge of her nose at the sound of the voice. His voice. "Matt." She stated robotically as she slid under the car again. She heard his delicate steps as he stood right beside the car. She distantly wondered why just how careful and precise they were, as if it were a talent him being such a looming presence. "Now what are you still doing working at almost eight o'clock, Scavenger?" She internally growled, not having the energy to bother correcting him again. "What do you want, Matt?" She asked, beginning to sound impatient. She could hear the impish grin in his voice, "Came to make sure you were alright." Bullshit , she thought. "Oh really? That's thoughtful, thank you, Matt!" She said with a feigned spritely attitude, thickly layered with sarcasm. He only laughed which made her roll her eyes. After a quiet moment, his voice lowered to sound... Normal somehow. "So, are you?" She tensed. "Yes." The air was quiet for another long moment. "When was the last time you ate?" She thought for a long moment, stopping what she was doing by lowering her arms by her sides as she thought. She ate half an apple this morning for Grandad's benefit, him being so worried about her but she didn't even eat lunch... She had to get away from being under Finn and Poe's care. Her silence was all he needed. "That's what I thought. I bet you haven't even fully recovered from the shock." She thought her eyes would pop out of their sockets she rolled them around him so much. She ignored him and continued with her work. "Did you need something?" Kylo had to admit, he found her sharp tongue amusing and wondered how she'd so actively despised him so quickly. Her polite demeanour having completely vanished in place of this. "Not what I need really, but now that I'm here - you should eat." She rolled from under the car to face him, her nose scrunched, "What?" He shrugged in such an over exaggerated manner it was comical - though Rey was in no laughing mood. Jesus - if she thought he was a tower whilst standing up... "Food probably." "You're insufferable." She muttered, pushing herself back under the car. She didn't have to peek at him to know he was most likely smirking his face off. "I'm serious, Rey." He said in an indefinitely graver tone. But was it even sincere? She just put more effort into the wrench she begun using - internally thanking herself for dragging the tool bag under the car with her so she didn't have to emerge from under it. Suddenly she heard more shuffling and scuffing but chose to ignore it. Until he was on the floor. He began to shift his head so it was next to hers, his knees bent to the ceiling as the narrow walkway wasn't enough for him to do otherwise. "What are you doing? You can't be under here!" Rey tried to be impartial to the fact that he was so close... She glared at his stupid grin. "Well strictly, I'm not fully under the car, so it's invalid." She growled and pushed herself vehemently to the opposite side of the car to emerge out from under. As he slowly rose he saw she was starting to put tools away. Kylo couldn't help but study her as she did so. If there was one way to get information from an associate, it was at a social event - thus came the idea to get food with her and 'socialise'. "Oh common! It's only food, think of it as a token of appreciation." She narrowed her eyes at him and his nonchalance before continuing to place the tools away and stuff her few belongings in her bag. "I don't go to dinner with strangers." She said robotically, trying to hide the tainted sadness with the truth of that sentence. He didn't seem to notice. "What about... Acquaintances who've saved your life?" Only then did she meet his curious gaze. It seemed he wasn't going to leave her alone until she said yes. And she couldn't deny her need to know of certain aspects of the night prior... Like that lighter looking weapon... She weighed up her choice for a painfully stretched minuet until she huffed, "Well, if you're going to buy because my purse is at home -" His eyes narrowed and flit to her bag, "It's right there...?" "No not my bag my - ugh never mind." She began as she brushed passed him to kill the lights, he seemed to recover from his confusion enough to quip, "So is that a yes to food?" She shrugged, "Girl's gotta eat." He tried to suppress a laugh as they walked out of the auto shop. _______________________________ Leia handed her colleague her de-caff as she began to sit herself at the Sheriff department food court. Maz smiled weakly in return as she wrapped her tiny hands around the polystyrene cup. Maz wrapped her chocolate ringlets out of the way of her tired face and watched the coffee between her tanned topaz hands. Maz had had somewhat of a rough couple of months, more or less experiencing the same scenario as Leia. "Thank you, Sheriff." Maz croaked. Leia reached out to one of her hands and held it, "Maz, please, just Leia." A short moment passed before she continued, "Now tell me, what troubles you?" Maz met her eyes in melancholy, "It's... It's my son... He still won't return my call..." Maz too had a son that had cut all ties with her and the father... How Chewie was even more understanding of Leia and Han's torment over Ben... What was worse was that their son was around five years Ben's junior... And both women knew that Maz's son had been involved in gang activity. This kind of information of their child can bring a person to their breaking point. "Maz, I promise, we will do everything we can to find your son." Their mahogany eyes locked for a long moment, and Maz returned Leia's fervour, "And I will do what I can in the search for yours." After they'd shared a brief nostalgic silence, Leia's intern, Poe came bursting through the doors to the food court area to find her and he fumbled, "Sheriff! We've received intelligence of the two gangs that have been active around the state." Leia almost leapt from her chair - the murder cases from gang activity have been the biggest cases on their hands to date, them also being seemingly regular. The elusive characters managed to slip from their fingers each time a case file had opened. But they were growing ever closer to divulging them for who they are. And now, the Sheriff was fortunate enough to have obtained more information to work with. ________________________________ "Rey? Is that you darling girl?" Her grandfather lilted weakly as she finally dropped the keys and shook off her jacket from having an extended absence. "Yes it's just me, grandad, no need to worry. Just in time for your nightly prescription too." The nightly was just an orally taken pill around half an hour after his supper - which his carer would have done for him, if they'd had more money to keep her that long. It took all they had combined for him to have one, if only we lived in England again, she thought wistfully , he could have one for free. Rey really did try to work hard for her grandad and herself to live more comfortably, but it was still an arduous daily task - worth every minuet for him to be able to stay with her and at home where he is happy. He was all she had left, and she wasnt even sure for how much longer she would have him for... She propped him up more comfortably on his favourite chair in their little living area as she explained where she was. "Oh you went out with friends? That sounds lovely my dear." He smiled sweetly and Rey couldn't suppress hers, even though he couldn't be more wrong. "No, I was offered to get food with... a client." It took her a moment to correctly categorise who Matt was, he seemed to be unprofessional with her so it was as if he didn't want to be just a client, but a friend. Rey doesn't make friends with dangerous, fluid liars. Alarm bells rung in her head that that was exactly what he was somehow. Even her grandad seemed to get the wrong idea, "Ooh a client hmm? What's their name?" "Matt." She said quirking a brow as he hummed thoughtfully, "Was he a handsome lad? He better be good enough for my Rey." Rey couldn't help but smile at her grandad with his dopily sweet expression and his care for her. Wrong again , she thought amused, at least about him being good... "The only man I need in my life is you!" She almost laughed, now taking a seat across from him, finally being able to sit down after an exhausting day... The air was quiet a moment as her grandad 'Old Ben Kenobi' waited for her to speak. She smiled at the little nickname her bosses had for him, claimed they'd worked with him before years ago. Before he could ask more about Matt, she begun, "Do you remember working with my bosses at all? Han and Chewie?" His eyes crinkled with his smile, "Oh, i remember... It wasn't very safe work... From a certain point of view." Rey would have laughed if she hadn't suspected that he was being very vague, as if not wanting to talk about her question to him either. And suddenly she was burning with curiosity, "What do you mean?" His smile faded a little bit and he peered up at her before sighing quietly, "You wouldn't like it if I told you." She frowned deeply, he knew that Rey hated it when people would keep things from her... Especially family. So he began with a sigh, "You're aware of your bosses' smuggling days, yes?" She nodded as his voice lowered an octave, still gently pressing on, "There was a grave time, back when your parents were alive too... And I was needed along with Han's now brother-in-law too -" Before he could go on he was interrupted by his incessant coughing - he grabbed for his handkerchief and Rey rushed over to him to see to it that he was alright. He waved her off good-naturedly and after, holding her hand in both of his for a moment. Before he could speak there was a knock at the door and brightly coloured lights danced across their little window in the door. "Who could that be?" He asked curiously and lighthearted to the point it actually made Rey smile for a second before adopting back her askance demeanour as she answered the door. It was the Sheriff, Han Solo's wife. Rey blurted, "What's happened?" No point asking if everything's alright - as her grandfather most likely would have out of kindness - because it clearly isn't alright If the Police are here , she thought sardonically. Leia looked to Rey sternly, "I'm sorry Rey, but the auto shop has been broken into and there are witnesses with all kinds of injuries and pieces of information that haven't begun to fit together - so I'm afraid you can't go back to work for a couple of days at the least." Her hand flew to her chest, Leia knew the severity of this news was only made worse by the fact that they both knew just how much Rey needs that money too. "If there is anything that I can help with please let me know." She said earnestly, earning a nod from Leia. __________________________________ "Wait - so you went to a dinner date with Mr.Hero?! How did it go!" Finn and Poe waited for her to answer with bright smiles and it was all she could do not to hit something, "No!" She begun sharply, "Why do people keep thinking that?! I'm still in high school for fuck sake and he's an adult! And that wasn't even the important thing about last night! Are we forgetting that I'm now out of a job for at least a few days?!" She threw her head in her hands for a moment of defeat, "What do I do ?! I can't find another job that I'd have to scrap in a few days or so but I can't just sit around and do nothing when I need the money for grandad!" They thought for a moment and Finn said, "We would come over to help when we can." With an enthusiastic nod from each. Rey's heart swelled and she felt guilty for yelling, they were only thinking of her with what they said... And apparently so was she. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry guys. And you shouldn't have to do that, it's not your problem." She shook her head vehemently and Poe grabbed her hand and said, "But it's your problem, so now it's ours too - we wanna help you." She'd forgotten how there are still somehow people out there that are there for you and that not everyone wants to use you but love you instead. She held back a tear of joy at the thought, she'd missed that feeling of trust, faith in someone. Poe continued as she nodded a small nod, not trusting her voice, "Let me talk to Leia, there's gotta be something we can do job wise - there's always openings... I know mine's an internship but I'll find out what there is." "Thank you." She said quietly as they both held a hand of hers and she started laughing. Shortly after, she'd been given a job with Leia working the coffee machine in the food court mainly but other little errands too which really helped out a lot, and when school ended a few days later, she was on her way to it when there was a road closure her usual route - all taped up due to wet cement... She would have to go the other way. She started walking on the opposite avenue and went around to pass Han and Chewie's repair shop and saw the dilapidation was at least being tended to but it was still there. Suddenly she was staring into the headlights of a shiny black Jag and she sighed, great, something else I wanted to avoid seeing . He got out the car and she immediately drew nearer to the looming form and blurted, " What is it? What is it that you want , Matt?!" He tried to suppress his grin, really. But she was just so funny when she was irate, and he kinda liked how she wasn't scared of him and didn't seem to take any of his shit. She'd unthinkingly given him the information of Wexley's approximate whereabouts last night and where some information might lie... In the Auto Shop. He couldn't place why, only merely blamed it on the fact that you should always clear up your tracks - but he wanted to help make it a little better. Especially upon learning she was now out of the job that she clearly needed, also what seemed to be made apparent last night. But instead of saying he wanted to help, he used something she didn't even realise he would remember, "Came to wish you a happy birthday." As soon as the surprise melted off of her face, she was angry again but chose not to say anything. She almost shouldered past him to keep going, "Where are you going?" He asked, a smile in his voice, "I'll be late for work. And yes, I have another job for now." He kept astride with her easily once again and he asked more seriously, "Why are you so angry with me? Don't you even wanna thank me for wishing you a happy birthday?" Well not that seriously, it was half serious, the first half was serious. She stopped dead in her tracks and he soon followed, staring down into her eyes for a long moment until she answered with a huff, "Because I just know your putting on some kind of act! And I don't like it! I would rather you leave me be completely if you're going to keep it up!" The air was increasingly tense and their eyes were locked for a painful minute until she ripped away with, "I can't afford to be late." And she whisked away, leaving him standing there dumbfounded. Notes: just to point out NOTHING will happen between Rey and Ben whilst Rey is underage and/or still in high school. And the 'five years prior' in which this chapter is set is 2011. And this story isnt Beta read so please excuse mistakes XD. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Scar Tissue series