Preliminary Arrangements (1) Leia only lifted her head from her hands when the doors to her chambers were opened, three hours after she had made and sent her decision to the emperor. In the doorway stood her sons, stock still and waiting on her response. She sighed and stood, gesturing for them to sit. Poe, her younger, adopted son, obeyed, swallowing nervously, not for himself but for the man still standing in the doorway, mouth a thin line of concern, of anger waiting to be released. “Mother,” Ben said, and he closed the doors behind himself in a smooth movement that also carried him across to the other royals, “Please tell me you didn’t agree to such ridiculous demands.” When Leia didn’t reply, just cast her gaze to the window beyond her sons, both men shouted in anguish. “You can’t do this to me!” Ben said, almost yelling, fists on the table. “It’s unjust and unfair!” Poe said, slightly softer than his brother, though he had stood. Leia sat down and folded her hands over the desk. She waited, watching the boys glance at each other in horror, something unspoken crossing between them. After a few beats, they slowly turned to face her. “Which one of us was part of the Emperor’s deal, mother?” Ben asked, quiet. Quiet was not a good sign. Leia sighed. “The Emperor specified that my heir was a crucial part of the bargain.” Poe was relieved, thinking back to the gardener with the soft smile and kind eyes. Ben sat down now, swallowing, the colour draining in his face. He was shaking. Poe put a hesitant hand on his shoulder, and cast an angry look at his mother, “And you agreed?” Leia nodded, now looking firm, but not unkindly at her children, “We are but a small group of planets on the outer rim of HIS solar system. If we were to deny him of those demands, I fear we would be facing the wrong end of that foul weapon of his.” Both sons were visibly uneasy now, and she placed a hand on one of each of their shoulders, “Think of your people. Poe, I promise you do not have to agree with the Emperor. By no means will we stop fighting for the livelihood of people under his rule. By no means will we stop striving for justice and freedom. But we can do this under his nose, more safely, with less bloodshed. Democratically.” She paused, and moved her hand from Poe’s shoulder to Ben’s face, “Sweetheart.” He flinched. “Think of it as a spy mission. You are both aware of the marriage’s political motivations, you will only be expected to consummate it once-“ “Mother, please!” Ben stood, pulling away from her and knocking the chair flying. It crashed to the floor, making Poe jump and look at his hands folded in his lap, and his mother to cross her arms. Stern. Like a true democrat. But Ben was not a politician. He knew his grandmother and parents and uncle liked to pretend he was. But Ben was a warrior, a Jedi warrior. Like his grandfather, like his uncle, like his little cousin Rey. Jedis didn’t get married, and they certainly didn’t get married off to some awful monster capable of eliminating billions in one heartbeat, like the infamous Emperor Hux. Ben would not marry such an evil, such a wicked person. He would not, he would not, he couldn’t! Things in the office were beginning to hover ominously. Poe, who had been forced to stand when his chair had begun to vibrate underneath him, glanced at his mother before placing a hand on his brother’s arm. “Ben. You’re not alone in this. You still have us. Just be there as much as is considered right, you don’t have to interact with him at all! It’s a massive palace, and you won’t share bedrooms!” Ben shuddered at the thought, but the unintentional angry force using had ceased at Poe’s support. Leia smiled slightly, despite the anger inside. “We will be following our own marriage proceedures,” she said, going to her desk and sliding open a drawer, “So, as per tradition, you will meet with him two weeks before the wedding, and he will come to stay with us here for that period.” Ben froze, “And after that?” Leia hesitated, “You will be married here. And then, the Emperor will decide where you reside. Whether here with us, in his palace with him or in a separate palace for you in a location of his desire.” Ben looked as if she had strangled Poe to death in front of him; desperately sad but angry, hungry to fight and avenge. Ben often looked like that. His aura was dark and spiteful, as her father’s had been. Leia turned away, “For the first three days, as per tradition” she found herself repeating, as if she was not to blame for this, “You will only see each other at meal times, and there shall be no distinguishing between you and your attendants.” Ben had five ‘attendants’, as his grandmother had once had Handmaidens. They were roughly the same age as he was, and each resembled him enough so that careful makeup could make them appear clones. It was a security measure, but Ben suspected, as he did, his mother enjoyed watching suitors flounder to try and guess which one he was. Once, his grandmother had told him in a whisper, that the man or woman who could recognise him by the glint in his eye was the person who should hold his heart forever. His mother had said that the way a suitor treated each one of the six while not knowing was a good indication of his character. Ben thought they focused far too much on suitors and not enough on how they were going to train him to use his powers. Even Uncle Luke was reluctant to teach him more than control. “After this, you will meet him for an evening alone, and discuss negotiations for the personal side of your marriage.” She looked at Ben wearily, “During which I expect you to be as democratic and giving as possible, obviously keeping yourself comfortable and safe all the same. If he demands something of you particularly upsetting, you may alert me of it and I shall deal with it.” Ben nodded, but the scowl remained. “After this point you will be expected to spend your evenings together, though this can be with others, and at least one meal a day on your own. Then you will be apart for fourty-eight hours before the wedding ceremony, which you can spend however you want.” Ben glared at the floor for a while. Leia waited. “How do you know this man isn’t as much of a monster as I believe him to be?” He exploded, finally, “How can you be sure he will stick to his end of the deal? He may go back on his word well after we are married!” “I don’t have a choice!” Leia snapped, suddenly vulnerable. A little quieter, she continued, “Ben, son. You think I chose this easily? The last thing I wanted for you was for you to marry like this. You are my heir, true, but you are also my son, and I love you.” She placed her hands on his face, “Darling. You will still be heir this way. And heir to his empire. If he’s truly awful-“ she glanced at Poe, then met Ben’s eyes, “I will deal with him, and you will rule the galaxy.” Ben’s eyes widened in understanding. A smile spread across his striking features, “Now there’s an idea.” ~ Hux took one long, wistful look at his palace. The white marble of its exterior glinted in the cold sun, and he once again wished the prince wasn’t such a valuable asset. This fortnight ridiculous notion was restricting so much of his work. What little business could be sorted from Naboo on his PADD would have to do, but he was dissatisfied with such little control. He ruled the galaxy, the vast expanse of space and the trillions and trillions of beings who lived within it. As such, there was a lot of work to be done and a lot of decisions to be made. Although he did not doubt his officer’s skills within their own occupations, he was uneasy about the idea of leaving them in charge of his empire. What if they made the wrong decision and caused unrest? The empire was relatively peaceful. It didn’t need a sudden change in leader or administration. It was the last thing Hux needed anyway. He sighed, stressed as the shuttle moved away from his home, and resisted the urge to tear at his hair, which was neatly combed back into place. He would change into proper uniform later, for formality’s sake, but for now he wore loose fitting clothes, making him seem much smaller and much less important than he was. Phasma, reclining on the sofa across from him in combat boots, tight-fitting leather trousers and a standard-uniform tank top, looked as intimidating without her armour as she did with it, but Hux did not have that luxury. He had to work hard to look menacing, despite his reputation. Even his greatcoat had padding to make him appear broader. He wondered briefly whether or not he should try and appear broader to his future husband tomorrow, then scolded himself, reminding himself that this was not a marriage of love, this was a political move. A game, he reminded himself, emotions were irrelevant, and dangerous when it came to this. As emperor he would need to take on multiple female consorts regardless, so there was no room for a loving or committed relationship on his end. As for his husband, Hux felt strongly that he should be the only one with access to his husband. He was the emperor, after all. Everything in the galaxy was his, and his alone. And he wouldn’t have it any other way. Chapter 2 Notes: Hey guys! sorry for the wait I had a lot of personal shit and deadlines- now I don't, so updates are going to be more regular! I hope you enjoy, I'm really excited for the rest of this story! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey found Ben in the gardens, meditating with his back to the palace, his face grim as it tilted towards the rising sun. She had heard the news last night, from Poe, and while she had wanted to find him sooner, she knew his fury would be too intense, and so she had had a restless night in wait. His chest was rising and falling serenely; she wondered if he had meditated all night to calm himself. Sighing her anxieties out, his cousin took a seat beside, and placed a hand on his knee. Silence, then he opened his eyes, which were weary, and looked at her with a sad smile, “You heard then?” Rey nodded, then, trembling slightly, pulled him into an embrace, “I’m so sorry, Ben!” Over his shoulder the staff were beginning to prepare for the emperor’s imminent arrival. A marquee was being set up in the garden outside the dining hall, to have breakfasts in the open. In the usually-unused ballroom, maids dusted and swept, and quarters were being prepared for the emperor to stay in, a large room whose balcony was directly opposite Ben’s own chambers. In a few hours, Ben would have to be dressed with his attendants, and greet his future husband. But for now, he was trying to make peace with his fate and avoid his mother. Rey was now silent, staring at her own hands as Ben tried to gather his thoughts enough to voice his concerns without yelling. “I wish I wasn’t my parents son.” He muttered, after a while, and Rey couldn’t find an answer he would like, or that would help. “I wish it was anyone but him” she replied, and leant her head on his shoulder. “I hate these political introductions,” Phasma declared, and Hux rolled his eyes. “Good thing you’re a bodyguard and not a politican” he drawled, and she snorted, prodding at her breakfast half-heartedly. Despite their extremely professional relationship, Phasma was the closest thing Hux had to a friend. She had watched him take on the role of emperor too young, after the death of his father and the assassination of the supreme leader Snoke. (she was of the opinion that this had been carefully orchestrated by the fifteen-year-old Armitage, but she could never be sure. Besides, it wasn’t wise to accuse the emperor of such things.) She had helped him establish his authority, she had helped him to conquer three planets and now she would help him subdue the republic. Even if it was through democracy, not violence, which was her speciality. Their ship had been cleared for landing. She could have sworn Hux looked nervous. He was especially striking that morning, pale as anything in his jet black military uniform, standing tall with his hands behind his back. His hair was flattened and combed, and he had a calm, confident smile on his face reserved for political meetings. But his eyes flitted a little too fast around the room for her liking. She smiled reassuringly, “If it doesn’t go the way we want we can always take up our threat.” She watched the flash of excitement in his eyes at the power he held. Starkiller was his favourite toy, but he had to restrain itself from creating “incidents” with other republics and empires. And destroying your own planets was a somewhat fruitless effort. Reminding Hux that he had the power to kill his future husband should things go sour shouldn’t have worked so well, but you don’t grow up well-adjusted if you’re unquestioned emperor of a galaxy at fifteen. The planet below them was beautiful. Green expanses over valleys and mountains, giant lakes teeming with flying fish. The sky was full of blue, and glorious sunshine made millions of different flowers bloom. Hux grimaced, and asked his PA Mitaka to check if he had packed suncream. “Affirmative, Your Imperial Majesty.” A greying man in a white robe was waiting for them with the Senator. He nodded his head at the emperor, but did not bow. Hux was not affronted, nor surprised; Jedis did not tend to enjoy his company, and he was wary of them in turn; powers he could not possess often made him uncomfortable. He had heard that the prince was one of them, but this didn’t particularly bother him; there were ways of controlling one’s ‘gift’ with very little physical pain. “Emperor Hux,” Leia greeted, cold. Diplomatic, but not happily. Hux didn’t care. “Princess,” He replied in turn, having discovered her preference for General months ago. Behind Leia there was a small group of republic soldiers. They stood in three rows, and centre front was a young man Hux recognised as the youngest prince of the Skywalker clan. Though Hux saw him as quite illegitimate; the empire did not recognise adopted royalty, and as a sign that the republic needed serious reorganisation. Because of this, he scolded himself internally for noticing how attractive the man was, even in his barely concealed anger. “I hope your journey was pleasant,” Leia said, as they began to walk, preceeded by the soldiers, followed by Phasma and her men, and five of Hux’s lieutenants, who began to organise the luggage and other trivial things Hux would never have to think about. “It was. I hope preparations haven’t been too much of a strain on you. I know how little resources are available to you at the moment.” Leia had to take a deep breath and stop herself from snapping that preparations had of course been the usual burden, but it was especially hard because they were for someone who she despised so much, who did not seem to contain such a shred of decency that he would cut off a whole system’s trade, and threaten to do worse if he could not force someone to marry him and submit the system. She tried not to remark that resources would be more bountiful, she was sure, if they were looking for them in the region of the emperor’s image of himself. Instead, knowing the state her republic was in and calling on the strength of her mother, she smiled, and assured him that it had been “no trouble at all.” “Shame,” the emperor continued, deliberately angering her, “This place might have looked better had you tried.” Leia wanted to punch the smirk off his face, but she could sense Luke’s warning from beside her. He was so similar to their mother, so calm in the face of anguish. She admired him greatly for that. The great hall had been made up spotless for this moment alone. When Ben was a small child, he and Rey had imagined this scene. Ben would be, as he was now, standing with his attendants in traditional makeup and formal dress. His suitor would stride into the room and bow in front of him, knowing instantly who he was because they had fallen in love in preparation for this ceremony. He would then, of course, be married to the love of his life, and his father would return from his travels to see, and his grandmother and grandfather (though in force-ghost form) would be proud, and his mother would cry. Rey- and Poe, when he entered the equation a few years later- would be involved, and jealous that he had found someone so wonderful who would tolerate him, even with all his flaws and anger and things that made him different from the other padawans. How differently he felt today. The atmosphere was tense, and thick. His attendants were as reluctant as he, shuffling and adjusting their garments, which were high-collared and rising heat in the midday sun. Rey sat a little off centre of the room, her head bent low in conversation with Finn, her closest friend, who was supposed to be supervising the preparations outside. Ben doubted his mother would care right now. Padme, his grandmother and a close friend, was sat on the opposing wall, her eyes closed, pale and as beautiful as he was. He was trembling slightly. An attendant, the youngest of the group, put their hand on his arm, “May the force be with you.” Was muttered, and Ben turned his attention to the main doors, where footsteps indicated the moment he had been dreading. This moment would have been nerve-wracking enough, he mused briefly before the double doors opened and he made direct eye contact with his brother, had he not been about to marry the emperor. Hux was everything Ben hated; cold, ruthless, completely dismissive of the force, remorseless, stuck-up, arrogant. He cared not for anything which Ben saw as life-giving. Their marriage would be for show, a demonstration of dominance and submission. That is, if there were other intentions Ben could not see them- nor want to. Poe swung open the doors, and smiled weakly at him before quickly marching to the side, joining Rey and Finn, who had stood in position just in time. His uncle and his mother walked across to the centre of the room with the emperor, and Ben tried hard not to let his disdain show. It was customary for the suitor to bow to either- if they did not know which one he was, in the position in which Hux now stood- or to single out the prince and bow to him. His grandmother had romanticised this moment so much Ben thought he was dreaming when the young man, who’s relatively handsome but snooty face bore a relaxed smile, nodded politely to Luke and Leia, and walked forward a few paces. Ben felt his heart stop. Surely this was his chance- if the suitor guessed wrong, was it not possible to declare the marriage void? He was sure of reading that somewhere, he was sure, and suddenly he was praising the force because the odds of the emperor completely guessing, having no knowledge of him, right were low. When Hux bowed to him with a smirk, his hopes were dashed. “I look forward to making your company,” Hux said, and his eyes screamed victory. They had begun the game already it seemed. “I don’t look forward to yours.” Came out before he could stop it. Over Hux’s head Luke smiled and looked at his feet, Leia shook her head- though her eyes were smiling. Poe snorted, nerves making his reaction more violent than it usually would be. Hux didn’t reply, just smiled and nodded at him, before turning away- ridiculously rude, Ben thought- and facing Leia, “Now that’s done with, may I be shown to my quarters?” “Of course,” Leia gestured for a soldier to do so, and with that the Emperor and his men were gone, and Ben found the breath return to his body. “Interesting,” said Padme, which didn’t bode well. Notes: Please leave a comment/kudos it really makes my day! thanks for reading! Notes: Please leave kudos and review, i'd love to hear what you think!