Her heart was going at the speed of a launched rocket. Warm tears streaked down her cheeks as she glanced at his almost lifeless body. She'd been crying for days now, but she stayed back with him. Finn was still in his comalike state and Rey has been by his side ever since she got back with Luke. She was sitting beside his bed, her hand lingered against his, their fingers intertwined. She'd do anything to see him smile brightly at her, she cared about him a lot. It took her a while to realize it but she was knew the truth, she had fallen for him. A familiar tune played down the hall on a piano and Rey squeezed his hand with hers, leaning close to him. She opened her mouth, tears drizzling like a storm down her cheeks. "One step closer, closer to the light. No matter where we go, I'll be by your side." Rey sung, her voice coming out soft and sweet even though there was tears trembling down her cheeks. "And everything we used to know crashed into the great unknown, one step closer... we're gonna be alright." Her small singing session was cut off once she felt Finn's hand brush against hers. She let out a soft gasp, she couldn't believe what she was seeing, Finn was moving. A smile as bright as a star appeared across her baby pink lips and Rey's voice came out faint as she remained stunned, "Finn?" As she said his name, his eyes fluttered open and his vision was a temporary haze and suddenly it went crystal clear. For the first time in a while, he was able to see again and the best thing was that he was greeted by the beauty of Rey. Her long brunette locks were tied back in a braid, a twinkle was in her eye, a smile was beautifully painted across her lips and she looked absolutely gorgeous as she was dressed in a black lacy dress. "Rey. How long have you been sitting there?" He noticed a hint of happiness was etching in his voice once he said her name. He had a thing for her for a while, hell he has been in love with her ever since they first met in Jakku when he was trying to escape the horror of the First Order. "I've been here for a while. I refused to leave until I saw you again." She softly confesses, a warm blush flushing against her pale cheeks and she looked down at their hands that were still held together. He slowly sat up in his hospital bed and as soon as he got cozy, he pulled the young adorable, blushing scavenger close to him in a warm embrace. God, he missed hugging her. Rey returned the embrace back, her blush enticing in the highlights of her cheeks as she held the newest member of the Resistance close to her. "You've been here for a long time." Finn remarks, a little smile teasing at his lips as he watched the brunette beauty rub the back of her neck before she let her long locks down like Rapunzel. "Rey... I... I have a confession." He lowly admits, his hand gently squeezing into hers as he felt the heat of a warm blush entice in his cheeks. "F-F-Finn?" "I'm in love..... with you." Rey let out a loud gasp, locking eyes with the gentleman and felt her heart boom in her chest like a gigantic firework. He loved her, oh my stars, she was beyond shocked that he felt the same way. "I love you too." She whispers faintly, a smile brightening on her face and she squeals softly once he pulls her for a tight embrace, their lips meeting in a sweet kiss. He kissed her back, his hand resting on one of her flushed cheeks and god, he loved and craved the feeling of her lips touching his deeply. After their small, deep kiss, they looked at each other, simply breathless. They giggled softly, snuggling into each other's warmth. They knew that... this was the start of something new.