Preface Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren doesn’t bullshit his way through anything. Everything he does is carefully planned. He stands a certain way. He talks a certain way. He puts on his armor a certain way (he must put on his belt before he shrugs on his boots and, if he doesn’t, he’s in a sour mood for the rest of the day). As his consort (companion? lover? wife?) it was your job to keep him in line. Snoke had made this entirely clear: “ Your union with Ren is based on politics but you have abilities - as all women do. Keep him in check. Keep him balanced. You are his fuel .” It was a lot of pressure. The man was as wild as a Reek. There was no way you could possibly tame him. If his mother couldn’t do it, you couldn’t do it, right? But of course, like all men, Kylo Ren is weakened by particular things. One of them is sleep. You had made sure that he was not to be woken up until his eighth hour of rest. The two of you had seen a physician very recently and the doctor agreed with your input; Kylo simply needed more sleep. It was a challenge to get Kylo to see a doctor in the first place. He claimed he was much too busy to be interrupted by such an unnecessary thing. But fortunately Snoke took your side and Kylo Ren was to see a doctor. But the two of you visited separately on your terms. Your relationship with Kylo was diplomatic, not personal. You didn’t feel intimate enough for him to be there. You had been awake for a few minutes, now. Kylo stirred beside you. He was always very careful not to touch you in his sleep. You noticed that whenever you changed into your bed garments he looked away with a sharp look in his eyes. He was no man of intimacy. Originally the idea hadn’t bothered you. You knew the marriage would be based purely on mutual respect and nothing else. If there were to be sex it’d only be for creating offspring. You were fine with it. That was until you saw him sleep. It’s funny, really. He looks so pure as he snores lightly through his mouth, his structured nose wiggling as he does. His freckles are soft, dotting constellations on his cheeks, his broad shoulders, and his forearms. His raven locks fall across his eyes, blowing slightly whenever he breaths too heavily. It kills you. This time every day you watch him. No one can see the way you gaze at him or how you barely lift your fingers to touch him, only to decide against it. You have him to yourself for a couple minutes every day. You fantasize about what your child will look like and hope that he or she has his freckles and mouth. It was in this part of the day when you really hated yourself. Your thoughts are interrupted by a soft moan. The noise startles you. Kylo is waking up, his large hands reaching for his face. His robotic arm slips over the silk sheets, its metal glinting in the light. That’s when you hike yourself out of the bed and pull on your dressing robe. You usually don’t greet him in the morning until you deduce what mood he’s in. The pile of sheets moan again, the bones he has left cracking. “Good morning,” you risk. You fluff your head of (length) hair from underneath the robe and turn your neck towards him. Kylo is sitting up. The muscles in his back weave themselves around his shoulder blades. Pink scars sprinkle against the taught skin. He turns only to slightly acknowledge your presence with a grumble. Ah. Not exactly a bad mood. You’ve seen worse; he’s woken up throwing things. On your way to the refresher you grab your datapad that lies on an end table. You scroll through it, deleting files you’ve received during your sleep that you don’t need. A brand new message from Hux blinks, bright red. Kylo Ren is needed on the bridge. The message is from one hour ago. You sigh. “Kylo,” you say, setting the pad on the refresher counter. He doesn’t answer you. “Kylo,” you say again, more sternly this time. You watch him stand up from the mattress. The sheet slips off and you blush, turning away from his bare chest. Kylo doesn’t sleep entirely nude, but his sleeping shirtless has been recently adopted. You’re not quite used to it. You clear your throat and walk into the main room. “Hux needs you,” you say, handing him the datapad. “It was delivered an hour ago.” Kylo rolls his dark eyes. “Of course he needs me.” He starts for his clothes. It’d be a lie if you said you weren’t attracted to him. Who wouldn’t be? His tall stance, his broad frame, his intense features…but one of the things you were ashamed of finding, well, handsome was the scar that traveled from his right cheek to the center of his forehead. You supposed you liked it because it symbolized something you couldn’t quite explain. Maybe it was power. Maybe it was strength. But whatever it was, it was making you too weak in the knees. You turn for the refresher again. “(Y/N),” Kylo suddenly calls. You freeze, your back turned from him. “Kylo?” You hear the rustling of his belt. He doesn’t say anything for a moment, so you continue to tend to your bath, drawing the hot water from the faucet. The mirrors fog and the room begins to grow muggy. Right before you slip off your robe and dip your toe in the tub of water, Kylo says your name again. He stands right behind you, clad in uniform with the exception of his helmet. “Gods, you scared me.” You placed your palm to your chest. “What is it?” He shifts his weight. “When will you be finished today?” He sounds as though he’s concentrating very hard to say the right thing. You notice his eyes wandering along your form. You gulp, blushing vividly. “Finished with what?” you ask, sitting on the edge of the tub. “Your duties. When will you be done?” “The same time you will be, I imagine.” You sigh, looking about the room. “I have a meeting with a few ambassadors today.” He knits his eyebrows together. “Who?” “Tyth and Fan,” you pause. “From Jotha.” Kylo nods and then straightens his back, his shoulders cracking as he does. His hand naturally grabs his rotater cuff and he winces in pain. You respond instinctively by touching his arm. “When did that happen?” Kylo stares at your hand on his forearm like it’s a disease. You swallow hard and tear yourself away from him. “It’s nothing. Just a minor injury.” He takes a few paces backwards. “Let me know when you’re done for the day. I need to speak to you about something.” “Anything I should be concerned about?” He shakes his head and you can tell he means it. “No. But it’s important.” You tilt your head in submission. “I will.” Your partner (lover? husband?) turns on his heels for the door. But before he vanishes completely you whisper, “Kylo?” You didn’t mean for it to come out the way it did; so soft and tender. But it does. And he looks at you like he’s just seen a ghost. “What?” he sounds bored, but his eyes are confused. You tear your gaze away from him, swimming a finger lazily in the bath water. “Be careful today,” you mumble. Whatever you may consider him to be (whether that be your husband? lover? friend? companion? or commander?) Kylo Ren’s pair of chocolate colored eyes soften, his reply a simple silence. He leaves without another word. Notes: Follow me on Tumblr! // AstraPadme Chapter 2 : Synth Skin Summary: Contains: Political endeavors, Kylo Ren’s ancestry, and waltzing around the idea of mandatory intercourse. Kylo is a bit intense and you’re into it. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Your relationship with the ambassadors from Baleine had first been established when you served as senator for your home planet. Tyth and Fan were two older gentlemen. Tyth, a man held in great esteem by the people of Baleine with a notorious reputation, and Fan, who was just starting out his new position after being a minister for the planet of Naboo. These were great men…wise men. You were afraid to disappoint them. Baleine had been transferring credits to a planet on the outer rim called Yabbai. Yabbai has no government nor any laws; it’s very similar to a planet called Tatooine. Vile gangsters with no respect for order ruled the entirety of Yabbai. Baleine’s reason for giving these gangsters credits was essentially for fear they would attack. Though the planet was nearly bankrupt, the reality of the situation was that those who ran the planet were dangerous. The government of Baleine feared for the life of their current queen, a woman named Sabyr, who has been receiving numerous death threats from these so-called ‘politicians’ of Yabbai. There’s a rather large price on the queen’s head and bounty hunters are Yabbai’s soldiers. Tyth and Fan are both very concerned. Their foreheads crease with stress each time they mention their queen’s name as they sit in the center of your workroom, teeth practically chattering at the idea their queen may be dead whenever they return home. “The First Order has no friendship with Yabbai, I can assure you that,” you say to them, your fingers tapping against the glass of your desk. You see Tyth's features contort into a scowl. “The planet disgusts me,” he says. “They have absolutely nothing to offer the entire galaxy. If it were up to me, I’d destroy it.” You purse your lips, your eyes lowering. “That would be an act of war, ambassador.” Tyth shrugs. “If it works.” “I hope you realize that I am unable to give you any conclusive answer for your problems. I must go over it with the commander first.” You shift in your seat, your stomach dropping at the mention of him. “I pass on the information. It’s a delicate situation.” “Of course,” Fan nods. “We understand. We just need answers. Help of any kind.” You pause, your eyes glazing on Tyth who is seething with rage. “The First Order is capable of anything, but we usually require a reason to completely obliterate a planet.” There’s a pause. “Yabbai would be better off as dust, but other allies might not agree.” The two ambassadors remain silent. They seem hopeless and you feel a twinge of guilt for it. Your job as ambassador is never easy and your relationship with these two men go back to your younger years. You look at Tyth again. He’s still brooding, his eyes darting to the floor. You can sense anger in him; it swells deep in his chest like a detonator. And like all detonators, an explosion follows. It was no surprise when Tyth stood from his chair and pointed a finger in your face. “Your union has ruined you. Your head is clouded with illusions!” His voice grows louder and you watch him, your expression cold. If Kylo Ren couldn’t frighten you this man couldn’t make you flinch in the slightest. You remain un-phased by his rising voice and his muttering. Fan flinches beside him. “Do you expect me to make these decisions by myself?” You stand, leaning against the desk and protruding into his space. “I cannot speak for Snoke, nor can I speak for my husband.” At the mention of this title - husband - Tyth chuckles under his breath. “Husband indeed,” he snarks. Your fists clench at your sides and you have to do everything in your power to control yourself. You look towards Fan and he continues flinching each time Tyth says anything at all. “I suggest, Ambassador Tyth,” you begin very slowly, enunciating each word through gritted teeth. “That you leave my presence immediately. Otherwise, you might be greeted by a infamous mask.” These last words are almost spit. But right as Tyth begins to turn on his heels for the doors, a figure clad in black enters the room. The walk is unkind, his swagger repressive. “Too late,” the modulator says. “I’ve already heard.” Tyth is then gripped by an invisible pair of hands, his neck tightening by some unknown force. He chokes, his air supply dissipated. Kylo Ren slams him into the far wall and you jump at the sounds; bones cracking and breathless pleads from the elder ambassador. “You’re impolitic.” Kylo leans into his victim’s bluing face. “You have no other allies. It would be unwise to cross me.” The steel of the modulated voice chills the air. Fan has leaped from his seat and crossed the room to huddle in a corner. Tyth is released, his body sliding down the wall with a squeak. “Leave,” Kylo demands to the both of them. He turns to Fan. “And don’t come back until we ask for you.” Fan nods and rushes over to Tyth, careful of being in Ren’s way. The two ambassadors exit the room, Tyth leaning his entire body against Fan’s. You can hear Tyth actually begin to cry, his nose sniffling each time he gasps for extraordinary breath. The blast doors slam. You’re left alone with a fuming Kylo as he paces about the room, hands itching for the saber at his hip. “Don’t,” you say to him, watching as his fingers twitch. Kylo snaps his head in your direction. There is no emotion against the glass pane of his helmet. You feel as though you’re looking at a window that overlooks nothing. He walks towards you, each step wide and forcible. He stands directly in front of you, his possessive frame hovering over your small stature. “Your friends have no concept of professionalism.” You don’t move, rather enjoying the slight distance between yourself and his chest. Your chin is tilted up at him. “How did you hear us?” you ask him, eyebrows furrowing. Kylo is silent. You wish you could see through that damn mask. You need to know the look on his face. You crave it like a substance your body is lacking. If you could touch him in any way at all you would die happy. Tyth’s voice rings through your head, his words bouncing off your skull. “ Husband indeed ,” he had said with a snort. “I was listening,” he says and even his modulator gives way to the softness of his tone. You don’t ask why. You don’t need to know. You just nod and sit on the nearest chair, crossing your legs. You place your hands in your lap. “What did you want to talk to me about?” Kylo starts for the windows that overlook the blackness of space. “That’s a private matter…for our room.” He places his hands behind his back. You stand, wiping your hands on your robe. “Alright then, let’s go.” The commander turns to face you. “What?” “I don’t want to sit here anymore. I want to walk.” ++++ Once the two of you enter the room you turn to Kylo with a pair of arduous eyes. “Take it off,” you say. In your private quarters you refuse to speak to Kylo if he has on his helmet. You knew that romantic attachment was too much to ask for but respect was crucial and hiding behind a mask was not your idea of it. The helmet is off and Kylo’s handsome face is exposed, his forehead damp with sweat. He places the helmet on the end table next to the bed. “Thank you.” You sit on the couch in the center of the room and play with your hands. “Now, what was it you wanted to talk about?” Kylo saunters slowly over to you but doesn’t sit. He stands, his arms limp at his sides. He doesn’t say anything for minutes, his interest in the empty space above your head. He daydreams and you refuse to interrupt, patiently waiting for him to expose his intentions. Finally, he comes out with it. He doesn’t beat around the bush. He just looks at you in the eyes and says, “I think we should consider consummating our union.” You somehow manage to keep a straight face, though your insides are liquefying at these words. You turn away from his gaze, too embarrassed. “What makes you think that?” “I need an apprentice.” “Which means….?” “I need a son,” he says casually, as though he’s not asking you to carry his child. He walks over to the window, his back turned to you. “You won’t be able to train him for years…” you begin, but he cuts you off. “He’ll begin the moment he’s able to walk.” Kylo stops for a moment and then takes off his glove, revealing the artificial hand. The fingers twitch mechanically, the wires in his wrist twisting. “I need to carry on my grandfather’s legacy. " Notes: Oh, what will happen next?! Don't forget to follow my Tumblr for updates // AstraPadme Chapter 3 : Let Me In Summary: CONTAINS: Smut (but not graphic/dirty), inappropriate use of the Force. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “You’re trembling.” The news has rendered you speechless. Kylo Ren needed an offspring - a child. You were to carry that child into, what? A pathological excuse for power? Of course you were trembling. You lie. “You’re frightening. Kylo tilts his head, watching you like a predator. The look in his eyes suggests he was interested in the idea - the idea of completely taking you over. The thought makes your stomach flip and you attempt to swallow your fear. “No,” he says to you. He glides closer, the space between you closing. Soon he is directly in front of you, your bodies barely touching. He lifts a hand to your chin and cranes your neck to look him in the eyes. “There’s something else.” He knew. Of course he did. It didn’t take a Force user to know that you found yourself salivating over the mention of his name. The moment you saw him walking across the halls of the Finalizer you had wanted him. All of him. The steel of his heart and the shroud he bore - he was the definition of power and it brought you to your knees. You wouldn’t admit it. You had too much pride. “There’s nothing else,” you mumble. You try to tear away from his grasp but he holds you firmly, his dark eyes boring into yours. A deep vibration rings throughout your skull. You want to grip your temples in distress, but your arms are frozen at your sides. There's a ricochet somewhere throughout your subconscious as though someone is trying to force their way in. No. You wouldn’t let him. You wouldn’t be able to live with yourself. So you cast him out. He physically jerks back but keeps his hand on your chin. His expression isn't what you had expected - instead of fury, he looks impressed. “You’re strong,” he says, lifting a brow. “Of course I am,” you almost whisper, watching his mouth. It's much to your demise, but he's about to break you. You aren't opposed to the idea of having his child. It's not that you're afraid of partaking in whatever is about to happen; you're afraid of him knowing he made you clumsy . You're always level-headed, but Kylo… Then he does something very unexpected. Something you had never imagined this man - he was a man, wasn’t he ? - would ever do. He leans into your ear, his breath hot on your skin. You shiver underneath him, attempting to steady your breath. “Let me in,” he murmurs. “Why should I?” you breathe. He's running his nose along your collarbone. He lifts his mouth to yours, his lips just inches from your own. “Because you’re mine .” You blink helplessly, your eyes fluttering like the wings of a moth. He grasps your waist tightly and crashes his lips onto yours. It's better than what you had imagined it would be. Kylo’s towering frame shielding you, his arms clenching you tightly against his chest. You feel his heart beating - humanity , it sung. Lust. Desire. It was something different - something more. Fingers begin to clasp around one another. Your breath collides, your teeth clash against one another. You begin to tug at his robes, his belt sliding off first and then his shawl, his armor. All of it ends up at a pile on the floor. But Kylo isn’t hesitant with you. He completely rips your gown in half - whether it was purposely or not. You tear away from his mouth, breathing heavily. “Dammit,” you turn to the shredded fabric on the floor. He doesn't care. He just grabs you again, stripping you of your undergarments until you're completely nude. Your hands automatically fly to your breasts, covering up any and all imperfections. Kylo’s long hair is in disarray, his breathing erratic. He positions himself on the edge of the mattress, waiting for you. But you stand in the center of the room in complete paralysis. “Come,” he says, breathlessly. You swallow and begin to walk to him, arms still covering everything you can. You stand in front of him, your (e/c) eyes darting away from his. “What is it?” he demands. “I…” You don’t know how to tell him that it's suddenly becoming very real to you. You had never….you had never been with a man before. “You’ve done this….” You're cut off. “Yes,” he says firmly. A nod from you. Of course he had. You don’t know why but it makes you feel better . Isn't it supposed to be the other way around? Aren’t you supposed to be angry? But then again, how can you blame him? If you had the chance you would have too. Kylo seizes your wrists and brings you to him. He forces you to uncover yourself and you submit reluctantly. There's a wild glint in his eyes as he inspects you from top to bottom. Your (s/c) hips, the curve of your stomach, the fragility of your neck, and the tautness of your (size) breasts. He grips your thighs and pulls you to him very suddenly, as though he's in desperate want. You shriek in his mouth, but immediately dissolved against him. When his lips find your neck, you moan for the first time. You want to envelope yourself in him forever. You know it's too intimate to feel that way but you can’t help it. The way he brings you against him and how he groans lightly in your skin makes your knees buckle. He pulls you onto his lap, your legs straddling him. You still have to look up to him, as the difference in your height is nowhere near equal. Your forehead tilts against his and he lifts his hands from your waist to your chest. But you want to know him. You grab his hands and inspect them; they're thin but strong, the veins easily visible against his almost-translucent skin. His robotic fingers are cold. You lift your palms to his chest where the freckles could be dotted constellations. Then there was his scar; the one that travels along his face. The one he didn’t ask for. The one she gave him. You suddenly become angry. You hate this scavenger for doing that to him. You want her dead. You brush your hands over the wound with a feather-light touch. “I hate her,” you say under your breath. Kylo looks surprised when you say this. “What?” You realize your mistake. It was too much. “Never mind,” you reply hastily. You kiss him so forcibly that his neck cranes backwards, leaving his Adam's apple exposed. You run your fingers along that too, stroking every inch of him as you possibly can. He holds you against him as though you'll disappear if he didn’t. Your breathing becomes irregular, small moans escaping your lips as he marks your skin roughly, his mouth bruising your skin without remorse. Then it happens. You didn’t expect it, but he sheathes himself in you without warning. You whimper in pain, the width of him too much. Your hands grasp onto his neck, your pelvis adjusting to the new fulfillment. He looks like he's done this thousands of times. He moans, but wasn’t sensitive to the action of it all; the thrusting, the sweat, and the cursing that he mumbles each time you shivered underneath him He flips you on your back, somehow managing not to disconnect with you. You're starting to grow used to the fullness of it all. The stretch is numbing somehow and you suddenly want more. “More, please.” You scratch at his shoulder blades, eyes squeezing shut. You want all of him and he knows it. You're beginning to feel more pleasure instead of pain. Kylo must have taken this into consideration because suddenly the sensation becomes more intense, as a tickle arises against your sex. His hands clench your hips as he rocks into you, so where was this coming from? It's enough to send you over the edge. Suddenly, your mouth begins to water. You've never experienced an orgasm before but you know it was coming soon. Very soon. Kylo isn’t soft. In fact, he's rather rough. Your cervix would manage to bruise; you were convinced of this. He rocks into you deeper, faster, and soon you're moaning his name over and over again, the sweetness of it dripping off your tongue. It comes out in waves, your gasping getting louder until it finally it hits you like an anvil. You clench around him and arch into his hands. “Oh gods,” you sob. You whimper and shrink beneath him. But he has to finish. That's the whole point of this, right? You're sensitive, the intensity of him becoming too much. But before you shriek in pain, you feel him release within you and he curses in garbled basic, his hips slapping against yours. Finally, he rolls off of you. He doesn't even look at you. He just leaves you on the mattress alone as you ooze with life. You touch the slimy sensation between your legs and sigh, letting your head fall against the pillow. He didn’t sleep with you that night. Notes: Woah. This was my first time writing smut! I hope you guys approve. I'm curious to see what happens next. Again, here's my Tumblr // AstraPadme Chapter 4 : The New Prophecy Summary: Snoke asks you something and you're, surprisingly, sure of the answer. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Throughout your training, you had been exposed to many obstacles that have hindered your path to easy mediation. So it wasn’t a surprise when violent images of murder and blood sputtered through your mind like ravenous cannon fire. You saw your father with a pierced chest by the hands of a ghost from long ago. You heard the distorted screams in the midst of a chaos you cannot remember. Then there was you, long ago, in that marbled temple; your council by your side, your chin held high. You were in an esteemed position. There was peace and order. The images started to blur and scatter, leaving you alone in the wilderness with tattered skirt and lungs that burned. A voice called your name gently in the breeze. “ Balance …” it had murmured. And you fell to your knees. “Ambassador Ren.” The world was suddenly so bright. Reality had dawned upon you with open eyes. You gasped, your breath freeing itself from deep meditation. C-50 stood before you with his robotic arms limp at his sides. He glinted in the sunlight. “I’m so sorry to disturb you, Ambassador Ren. But the Supreme Leader is demanding your presence.” Your faithful protocol droid shifted uncomfortably in his stance. You nodded, your legs untangling from a very complex pretzel. “Yes, of course. Thank you, C-50.” “You’re very welcome, Ambassador.” The droid bowed graciously and then began for his long journey back to base. You embraced the sunlight for just a few moments more. You weren’t sure when you would see it again, as the First Order moved from planet to planet like they do with Sith lords. Ice planets, they seemed to favor. It was a surprise, to say the least, when they chose a warm planet filled with ferns and fields of exotic flowers you didn’t know the names of. For the base to be temporarily placed on a warm planet had other advantages as well, such as types of dress. You were finally able to wear your precious flowing skirts in lieu of the severe uniform you usually bore on the Finalizer. Scratchy fabric and dark colors, they were your favorites of course, but you sometimes crave the ability to move swiftly about a room. Because it was virtually impossible for you to concentrate on the temporary base (what, with all that scurrying about) you had traveled to a nearby field approximately three miles away from any sign of mechanical life. You enjoyed the walk, traveling at a leisurely speed. You admired the warm wind, the brightly colored vegetation, and the two orange suns that rested in the blue sky. You admired all of this even while walking back to base. You hoped the beauty of this planet ( whichever one it was; you didn’t know the name ) may have improved your mood – maybe even your nerves. But, alas, your hands still shook the closer you inched towards Snoke’s meeting room. Stormtroopers of all ranks stopped as you passed. They tilted their heads in respect and continued down to their scheduled workplace. Immediately, the vibrations in the air changed. Instead of vivid greenery, you were forced down steely hallways with florescent, white lights. It was strange the way a setting can radically change your mood. Upon your arrival to Snoke’s lair grounds, you were greeted by General Hux. “Ambassador Ren,” he smirked deviously. “I hope you’ll find Snoke in an honorable mood today.” Your urge to completely incinerate the general hadn’t subsided in the past two months you’ve been traveling with the Order. You still hated him as much as you did when the two of you first met and he sneered at you with a dark scowl. You stopped to stare at him. “I hope I do, too.” You turned away, completely exhausted by his general existence. “Good morning, Hux.” The general muttered a quick reply before you entered the doors. Snoke’s projection had never failed to frighten you. He was gigantic and intimidating, the scars on his disfigured body gripping the intestines of your stomach. To stand in front of him with clasped hands and stone eyes was difficult, to say the least. The Supreme Leader leaned forward. “You carry an aura of something I cannot quite place…” His voice resonated throughout the entirety of the base, causing your bones to jump out of your skin. “Do I?” you asked him, quite cautious. He was bemused. “You do not know?” You shook your head. “With all due respect, sir, I do not see myself from the outside.” Snoke seemed to agree with this. “Yes…Kylo Ren seemed to carry the same burden on his shoulders. Though his reasoning, I sensed, was a bit different from yours.” The idea of Kylo Ren made your heart leap out of its chest but you managed to keep a straight face. If only you had really known what the Knight of Ren was thinking, maybe you could gain more power. His fierceness was something to behold, it was true, but his inability to cooperate was something else entirely. Anyway, you had no idea what Snoke was trying to get at. “Is there anything you wish bring to my attention, sir?” Your stance was still rigid in place, mostly due to the anxiety looming in your chest. And his mention of Kylo and his disenchanted attitude wasn’t helping in the slightest. “Yes. Your relationship with Ren has new developments…” he lingered. You nodded a bit meekly, embarrassed, and disgusted by his knowledge. “Yes, Supreme Leader.” “The prophecy has suggested that the descendant of a lord will be born into a world of the awakened.” Snoke leaned forward in his chair again, his hands gripping the arms of it. “Do you believe that you are bearing this descendant?” Words faltered. If you said ‘yes’, would that be wrong? And what if you said ‘no’? Was it good or was it bad for the Order? And how did the Sith really play a part in it? You weren’t sure. Not entirely. You decided to go with your gut. And your gut was sincere. It really was. “Yes,” you said, your voice much more powerful than you had expected. “I believe I am.” Snoke seemed to grin, but it was almost impossible to tell with his spoiled mouth. ++++ The reflection in the mirror was not yours. It couldn’t be. Your eyes were never this wild. You had never seen this person in your entire life . This person was impulsive, irrational. Is this the embodiment of your soul? The one you thought you were so familiar with? You inspected the purple galaxies forming on your neck and your shoulders. God, he really had marked his territory you. And standing was an entirely different ballpark. You waddled everywhere you went and your pelvis was so ridiculously tender that you couldn’t even sit without feeling violated. But your eyes…they were blooming with something you had never seen before. The two suns in the sky were lowering outside of your window and the sunset it brought blanketed the floor with reds and yellows. The quarters you shared with Kylo were nothing like the room you had on the Finalizer. It wasn’t as sterile. You felt cozy here; it was almost beginning to feel like some kind of home. After your shower you snuggled into bed, letting the sleep that had been weighing you down finally wash over you like some kind of drug. But as your eyes began to drift, the blast doors opened with a loud boom. Your body responded instinctively to the damn noise, elevating itself into an upright position. You groaned in discomfort, holding your stomach and tailbone as Kylo entered the room. He was already shedding his clothes and heading for the refresher. There was no ‘hello’. Just his ‘company’ (if you could even call it that). You shrugged yourself deep into your comforter, burying your face into your pillow and trying to block out the intensity that trembled off of him. Was he ever in a good mood? You decided that he wasn’t. It was strange, really, that you were suddenly so timid when he was around. You were usually very vocal, very… severe with him. But suddenly you weren’t. And you felt really stupid for it. You heard the shower begin and you twiddled your thumbs for five minutes until he was finished. Kylo emerged from the refresher with a head of sopping hair; it looked like there was a black mop on his skull. His pale skin was flushed from the hot water and steam rose from his body; you watched as it dissipated in the air. He caught you staring at him and you blushed, pushing your face back into the pillows. “You spoke with Snoke today…” he mused, chin tilted towards the doors. Ah. A word. Or two. You barely lifted your head. “I did.” He didn’t say anything to that. He just continued drying as off as though you weren’t in the room. In completely silence, Kylo began to change into a pair of night trousers. The towel around his waist fell swiftly to the floor and you cleared your throat as a response. He watched you squarely, nothing in his expression that would otherwise show remorse. He just said, “Don’t be so immature.” Nevertheless, the sight of him completely nude was no walk in the park. “I had never seen a naked man before you.” You twisted your hands around one another, biting your lip in embarrassment. “I guess it’s still…foreign.” Kylo studied you like he never looked at you before – not really. He’s glared and, even growled at you, but he’s never scrutinized you like he was interested . He’s always looked for something to say. He’d point out if you were watching him too closely or if you were ‘gazing’ at him in a way that made him feel uncomfortable. (For the record, you don’t remember ever gazing at him.) “You asked me if I had ever had sex before.” The words fell off his tongue like honey. You were shocked at the bluntness of it. “Yes.” “I have.” “I know. You said so.” Kylo nodded slightly, watching his feet. “Does that make you feel uncomfortable?” He sounded impassive, as though he’d given this speech plenty of times before. Surprisingly, no. It didn’t. “No, actually,” you responded. “Does that make me a terrible wife?” At this, Kylo tensed. The muscles in his arms clenched around his bones. His eyes looked firm – but soft , somehow. “No.” He walked towards the bed. “It makes you practical.” Notes: Hi guys. I just wanted apologize for the shitty writing I've been doing lately. I'm usually not this bad, but with my depression, OCD, and other countless health problems, it's been very hard for me to concentrate on walking let alone writing. But I do it because I love telling stories, and I'm a firm believer that story-telling and writing are two completely different things. Bear with me as I recover. This is a short chapter, but I'm making progress :-) Chapter 5 : Metanoia Summary: Contains: A handmaiden, couture gowns, THE force ghost, fields of Yanni, and Kylo's reaction to something rather...important. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Nyx is a young woman, like you, but she carries the burdensome weight of ancient wisdom. She is, in all truthfulness, an old soul. Like a legend of some kind, Nyx's presence is nothing short of magical. And though her knowledge is something to behold, she's frightfully shy and petite with mousy brown hair that travels to her shoulders. In her kind, doe eyes is a constant reminder that there is still humanity upon this Starkiller sequel base. She's also an excellent seamstress. "Why doesn't he have synth-skin?" she asks you, pins bobbing between two rosy lips. She's tending to your gown. Nyx is a perfectionist and you're not very tall, so your patience wears thin after the first hour. You reflect on her question and decide that you can't answer it. "There is a reason for it, but that's all I can say. I'm not even sure he's aware I know." In the three way mirror you watch your shoulders sway with your slow breathing. After the tragedy on Starkiller base, Kylo Ren amputated his own arm. No one had any idea why he did it. The arm was unharmed besides the regulatory wounds from any saber fight. It could have healed nicely; he wouldn’t have even needed synth skin at all. But the first night in the medbay, Kylo struck his arm. The doctors and medical droids panicked at the sight, afraid that they might be responsible for the death of their commander. Thankfully, the blade cauterized his limb and there was no blood. No one had understood his reason for doing it - except you. Nyx nods but then says, "I assumed there was reason. After all, who cuts off a perfectly good arm?" If Nyx were anyone else, you would have demanded them to leave your quarters and relieve them of their duties - immediately. But Nyx has been with you ever since you served as ambassador back home. Besides, her question was far from allusive. You ignore what she had said and decide to comment on her work. "It's beautiful," you tell her. She smiles in the mirror. "I'm sorry for asking you to do this on such a short notice." Nyx shakes her head. "Now that I'm only a few hallways away I'm more than willing." Oh, gods. You were thankful for that, too. Since the First Order had settled on a permanent resident, Nyx was able to travel from home and stay here with you. One of your requests when your union with Kylo was made was to bring a handmaiden with you. You had become accustomed to being waited on and you needed the help. Back home there were four handmaidens: Mathilde, Zelda, Nyx, and Orx. The three of them were perfectly acceptable - you'd even go as far to say that they were the greatest handmaidens any public official could ever have. But your relationship with Nyx had blossomed into something more than a professional relationship. The two of you became inseparable. So inseparable, actually, that your two months traveling aboard the Finalizer without her had triggered a depression. Suddenly, it felt like an entirely different galaxy. Nyx was your last piece of home and, without her anchor, you felt like a completely different person. Kylo had noticed this and even mentioned her once or twice. When you told him that she wasn't comfortable with the idea of space travel (and who could blame her?) he seemed...scuttled. It was as though he couldn't possibly wrap his head around the idea of such an attachment. When Nyx is finished she stands and wipes her hands on her dress. "I did a great job...if I do say so myself." She allows a proud grin. You nod, twisting in the mirror to show off to an invisible audience. The gown is your typical uniform when you're 'on location' (which is the command center, but you like to refer to it as such). The planet of Yanni is relatively warm. Therefore, in lieu of the structured, asymmetrical clothing you wore on the Finalizer (space is rather cold) you asked for relaxed, silk gowns without shape. You were more lenient with color, much to Kylo and Snoke's demise. They wish you had a darker sense of fashion, especially considering your rank in the First Order. And though you did follow that rule while traveling aboard the Finalizer, you wouldn't be seen on Yanni's base as much. You opted for reds, whites, and greens now. The dress Nyx has constructed is your typical wear on Yanni; a shapeless, ivory toned, silk piece with a cape on its shoulders. Besides, you had been feeling rather ballooned lately. Structured meant waist-binders which meant sucking in - and that was something you definitely weren't capable of doing right now. You stare at your stomach, your eyes melting into your reflection so thoroughly that the world around you blurs. Against the ivory fabric is a normal looking belly - there's nothing out of the ordinary. It curves the same way and is just as soft as it was three months before. But you knew. Nyx watches you cautiously and places her head on your shoulder. She's taller than you by a land-slide so she has to bend her knees a bit. "Do you know for sure?" she asks. You don't need the context to understand what she means. "No," you admit. You place your hands on your abdomen, trying to sense life or maybe just trying to make sense of it in general. "I've been too afraid." "It's been a month, hasn't it?" she asks. You say, "Yes." "And have the two of you engaged si..." You cut her off, too upset to think about the possibilities of intimacy with him. For the past month the two of you have remained distant - though not entirely absent. He's slept in the same bed as you but hasn't touched you since that night. You wondered at first if you had done anything wrong but then scolded yourself for it ( of course you didn't do anything wrong ). It was a daily mantra to remind yourself that Kylo Ren was simply not an intimate man. "No. We haven't." You lean your head on hers. "I'm scared, Little Bird. Isn't that strange?" The nickname still makes her smile. "Usually, yes," she replies. The two of you smirk at one another through the mirror. "But this is different. Much different." "How do I know if I'm doing the right thing?" you whisper. Nyx brushes your hair from your face. "The Force radiates from you, milady." Nyx takes your hand and kisses it lightly. "You must trust in its guidance." +++++ All is quiet here. In the breeze you feel a presence that is needed. You sigh all poisonous breath out and inhale the atmosphere of Yanni back into your lungs. A gentle tapping flicks your shoulder before you see his vision before you. A bearded man with kind eyes appears, his ghost flickering lightly. He is dressed in a particular garb - the kind of garb that grabs one's attention. He folds his arms across his chest before speaking, his temperament always patient. "What will you do now?" he asks you. He sits on a rock amidst the field - the one you had been visiting for the past three weeks. No one but Kylo and C-50 knew where it was so you felt at peace knowing your whereabouts were virtually anonymous. "I'm not sure," you tell him truthfully. "What should I do?" The man sighs and his shoulders glitch when he does. "The Supreme Leader is oblivious to your training with me. He believes your use of the Force is weak and with instinct..." There's a dramatic pause and the ghost purses his lips in thought. "Don't reveal to him your power. He must not know of it. Otherwise, he'll try to lure the darkness within you to its full capacity." As he continues, you tense under his uncomfortable gaze. "Remember that that we believe in balance between the light and the dark. If you were to favor one over the other, you would become one half of a whole." You nod. "I understand, master." "Now as for the child..." The wise man sighs and shakes his head softly. "I cannot foresee its destiny. But it's important that you meditate on its health and spirit." It was all very overpowering and the pressure of the situation was immense. But you agree wholeheartedly, even becoming a bit enthusiastic by the idea. You rub your belly in contentment, feeling the benevolence of its companionship swell within you. "Of course, master. Thank you." And just like that, the man disappears in the wind with a compassionate smile. The idea that you were not alone rattles in your skull. Life forms in your womb now; you are never truly alone . Your eyes begin to shut, the natural instinct of meditation falling upon you like a visceral nature. The palm against your belly rests easily, moving with your unperturbed breath. At first you sense nothing and it feels like a sham. You just sense the warmth of Yanni's wind and smell the sweetness of pollen. But soon you notice the softening of your soul and then... Tha-thump. You gasp, eyes opening so quickly you become dizzy. The hand on your stomach freezes. Tha-thump. A heartbeat? Was that possible? Could you even hear a heart-beat at one month? It was terrible to admit but you really don’t know much about pregnancy...or biology in general. Politics were always the number one priority in your life – nothing else mattered. But now now you’re pregnant and clueless. It scares the hell out of you. The heartbeat stops immediately after you escape your trance. You’re left with nothing else besides the terrain of Yanni and what it had to offer. Now it was only the birds singing in the distance that tickled your ears. There’s a rustling behind you then, but you sense the aura of a man you haven’t been very acquainted with in the past month. His presence brings you security, yet somehow alarms you as well. You didn’t have to turn around to know. “What is it?” you ask, inhaling the breeze. You’re still cross legged on the ground, one hand on your belly and the other resting on your knee. Kylo saunters around to watch you. His expressions tells you that he’s in a pleasant mood and there shouldn’t be any tantrums…for now. He dons his suit and he looks like he's sweating in the dramatic change of climate. For months he'd been residing in the cold - this must be a shock to his system. “I was looking for you.” He sits on the rock that the master had before, helmet in the crook of his arm before tossing it on the ground. Kylo looks out into the expanding field until it ends over the cliff where a sea of bright, green water twinkles in the sunlight. “We’re taking a trip tomorrow so be prepared.” You nod slightly, avoiding eye-contact. “Are we?” “Snoke thinks it’s wise that we visit Mustafar.” At this you tense. Mustafar. There’s only one reason Kylo would go there. You open an eye to him. He’s looking down at his gloves, lips pursed and eyes dead. You wondered…but no. Of course he wanted to go. It was the one place he could visit to regain his passion, to end his fight between the light and the dark. If anything could fix his internal conflict once and for all it’d be a visit to Mustafar. “For how long?” you ask, both eyes closing again. You hear Kylo sigh in the stillness between you. “Maybe a couple of days.” You nod again, caressing the theoretical bump. You realize that this could result in a nervous habit. This child seemed to bring you comfort . Kylo seems to notice because his breath dispels. There’s the sound of relocating, his boots brushing against the grass. He says your name in a breathy tone. You look up at him and your eyes feel lax. He seems serious but relieved, all signs of agony suddenly washed from his visage. You nod at him as though to confirm his indications. “Yes,” you say. You try not to smile, evaluating his reaction before making any sudden display of emotion. There’s a moment when you think he might ignore it. You expect that, instead of making any attempt to commend the both of you, he’d walk back to base with a grumble in his throat. But, to your astonishment, Kylo holds out a hand as though to help you off the ground. You take it and the leather gloves are warm from the sun. “Are you sure?” he asks, one eyebrow slightly raised. He holds you at arm’s distance, assessing your expression. “I’m sure.” Then Kylo Ren does something very surprising. Two gloved hands reach out for your belly, pausing before guardedly placing his hand on you. He waits for a moment as though he’ll feel something you couldn’t possibly sense. You only watch him as his eyes soften like ice in the sun. This is a new man. You can see it. You reach for his hand on your abdomen and whisper, “Can you feel it?” Kylo seems to understand what you mean because he lifts his eyes from your belly to you. “ I can.” Notes: Wow! This chapter took a couple of days to write. Things have been a bit hectic around here, but I was somewhat satisfied with this chapter. As for Kylo, he'll be making appearances much more than what he has in the past three chapters. Anyway, hope you guys enjoy. Sorry it took so long. Xx Chapter 6 : Mustafar Summary: Contains: Padmé Amidala , lava, and more lava. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) To pay your respects, you wear black to Mustafar. It is a volcanic planet, void with life, but she still lives here. The moment you arrive you sense her agony. And her sadness…it’s overwhelming. In your head she is screaming: “ Anakin, you’re breaking my heart !” The voice echoes. Then an engulfing sense of dread pours upon you when you realize that she is being gripped by the throat. You stare blankly into the blackness of Mustafar’s terrain. She was pregnant. You’ve heard the story before. There were legends, myths…Darth Vader killed his wife, didn’t he? But Kylo never talked about it and you never pushed him. You were sure of this place’s history and the Force imprint it carried. Padmé Amidala still thrives here and she still haunts the planet with her impossible conflict. Kylo is staring at you through his visor from the pilot’s seat. There were no Stormtroopers aboard. No guards. Nyx does not accompany you. It is just him. He doesn’t say a word but you can see him in the corner of your eye. His breathing is steady but stalls when he gazes out into the volcanic horizon. Destruction. Massacre. Death. They all live here. “Are you ready?” you ask him, voice unsteady. Kylo is silent. In the distance there is a river of lava spilling over a cliff. Its movement is booming with noise. “Yes,” he says. He stands from his seat. “Are you?” You examine the landing pad beneath you. It was the same spot. The same spot she died. You nod weakly, a gulp twisting in your throat. You take his hand when he reaches out for you and the two of you step off the ship. The air is immediately hot. Stifling. You grip Kylo’s hand and he looks down at you. You can’t see the expression he carries, but it must be something extraordinary if he chooses to wear his mask. There is no one residing here. No one but you will see his face. So why… “Why do you have it on?” you ask him. He releases your hand and overlooks the ashy scene. Massive machinery that you are unfamiliar with stands tall in a sea of lava. Some of it is broken, though most of it is rotting away from the atmosphere. You wonder when the last time someone had been here to recover its state. Then again…who would ever come back to this place? Kylo takes a moment before answering. His back is turned to you, his cloak slightly blowing in the wind. He is menacing . The lava roars, the obsolete machinery groans in the distance. This scene is familiar somehow. “My grandfather…he was here once.” Kylo takes a deep breath – you can see his shoulders raise, though just barely. “His mission began here.” There’s nothing you can say. You know. He lifts his hands to his helmet. The airlocks hiss and it is removed. He stands before you as a man and not a shrouded figure. His eyes bore into yours. “This is where I need to be.” You stand next to him on the bridge which overlooks the lake of fire beneath you. The two of you don’t say anything but instead observe the surroundings. “Why did you bring me here?” The question is unexpected, even for you. Kylo turns to you, his eyebrows threading in confusion. “Don’t you know?” There is no reply from you, just a face of puzzlement. Kylo inhales deeply, letting his hand cup your cheek. “Passion is fuel, as is anger.” He pauses, trying to read your eyes. “That is why you are here.” Your mouth barely parts to say, “I make you angry?” It comes out as a whisper. It is rare, but Kylo smirks deviously. “No.” There’s a pause and he does not tear his eyes from yours. “I chose you for a reason.” For some reason your stomach jerks at this and, really, it’s not the child. You’re speechless at his confession and wonder if you should feel frustrated with this answer. But you feel as though he’s trying to convince you of something he can’t verbally express. You nod at him, shaking in your leather boots. He takes his hand from your cheek and drops it at his side. You almost sigh in relief, not sure how to react in such a suggestive moment with him. “The base is old, but there’s rooms here. We’ll sleep there.” He nods towards the building beside the ledge of a cliff. “Don’t leave my side while we’re here.” “Why not?” you demand instinctively. “It’s dangerous.” “There’s no one on this planet,” you retort. The knight before you watches you sternly - your veins run cold. “It’s dangerous ,” he repeats. “And you’re in no condition to explore.” “Says who?” Your cross your arms against your chest. He glances towards your belly. “You’re pregnant. I won’t have you walking over lava and brimstone.” You roll your eyes. “Kylo, I’m perfectly capable of…” “Enough,” he mumbles, turning towards the base. You follow him with a groan. The moment of his intimacy before expires in the asphalt air. Notes: Guys, I'm so sorry this chapter is so short. This was basically an introduction of their time on Mustafar. But I'll make it up to you in the next one. xx Chapter 7 : Eigengrau Summary: CONTAINS: Religious disagreements, angst and anger. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Where are we going?" The two of you had been walking in silence for, at least, twenty minutes. Kylo was leading you to a destination you had no knowledge of and it was difficult to not turn back the other way. Sweat began to moisten your skin and your legs ached. Kylo didn't seem to mind the walking, however, because he kept at the same pace. Damn those long legs , you thought. Kylo slightly turned his head at you but didn't refrain from walking. "When was the last time you trained?" You were taken aback by his question. Odd. He never asked about your training and barely brought up your affiliation with the grey side. Snoke had made it clear that your passion for both the light and the dark was seriously considered before your union. But Kylo...he hardly ever mentioned it. In fact, you couldn't recall the last time he had. You let out a sigh, stepping over a lava rock the side of your head. "Physically? It's been awhile." "And mentally?" he asks, staring into the horizon. There was nothing but red. "I meditate every day." You attempt to remain at his side but he was way too fast. Didn't he know that your ankles were swelling? It was a miracle you were walking at all. Kylo didn't hesitate on his next question despite the fragility of the subject. "Who is your master?" You stop, your feet firmly planting themselves into the scorching ground. You were off-road at this point. A bit of steam shooting from a miniature geyser fogs your boots. Kylo turns around to inspect you, only to find an expression of concern on your face. But you answer cooly, "My teacher is not embodied in human flesh." Kylo clenches his fists at his sides and grimaces. He's left his helmet at the ship so you're able to see every outline of disgust threading between his eyebrows and the bridge of his nose. "So he's dead," he guesses. You grunt, sitting onto a pile of gravel that looks unaffected by the atmosphere. You test it with your hand just to make sure it doesn't burn the skin. When you find its cool enough, you practically collapse onto it. Then you start to rub your ankles. "Did I say 'he'?" you reply. "Is it a he?" Kylo asks firmly. "Does it matter?" you ask flippantly. You groan in pleasure while massaging your ankles. This pregnancy thing was much harder than you thought. "Yes," Kylo replies. "It does." "Why?" you ask, irritation clouding your tone. You really did not want to have this discussion - especially after you've been walking for what seems like hours. You pull a stone out of your boot and throw it in a nearby river of molten lava. Your face pinches in vex. Kylo raises his chin at you. "Because you are my consort and my wife." "So?" "You were the one who said respect was necessary." Kylo moves closer to you but the tension in his fists does not subside. You want to roll your eyes but keep steady, knowing that if you triggered his anger, you might regret it. "Yes. But it's personal." Another stone in your boot. You throw it to the side. Kylo shifts his weight onto his other leg. "Am I not allowed to know you personally?" At this you look up at him through your lashes, though your smile is ill-humored. "You are," you begin. "-but you haven't earned that right." You've shamed him and he knows it. Your curtness seems to make him despise you, as his dark eyes narrow with exasperation. "Why not?" he asks between clenched teeth. You stop rummaging through your boot and fold your hands in your lap. He's now piqued your interest. This is not normal behavior for him - not with you, anyway. Sure, Kylo throws a fit when he doesn't get what he wants. But with you he was level-headed (or as level-headed as he could be). You realized then that this bothered him. This bothered him greatly . You decide to tell him the truth. That's what he wants, after all. "Because you don't make an effort. And if you do, it's only for your benefit." Kylo begins to walk away. "All tell-tale signs of a psychopath," he says over his shoulder. "Is that what you're implying?" You groan in aggravation. God, all you wanted to do was sit . "Maybe!" you shout to his back. Kylo stops abruptly and you slam into him at the sudden pause. You step a few paces backwards and he directs his gaze to your eyes. "Why is it that you don't follow the dark side?" he demands. You scoff. "I wish you would accept my beliefs." Kylo ignores your request. "Why not divulge yourself into something you almost follow?" he leans down and you can feel his sweet breath fan against your lips. "Why do you believe it is so wrong?" Ugh, you wanted to slap the shit out of him. You stand on the tips of your feet to raise your eyes to his chin - it's the best you can do. "I never said the dark side was wrong," you say. "Not completely." Kylo raises his eyebrows. "Not completely?" he mocks. "And is the light better?" You toss your hands to your side. "No, but too much of a good thing can kill you too." "I don't understand," he says. You shut your eyes and breathe deeply. You feel his anger and it is rushing through you. You must control it. You must . "Without the dark, the light would not shine. And without the light, the dark would not swallow the night. There is a time and a place for everything." The look on Kylo's face makes you think he's offended at such a concept. "You believe the two are necessary?" he scoffs. "That we should coexist?" You shrug. "Yes." What was so hard to grasp about this? Did he not understand because he didn't want to? Or because he couldn't believe it? You knew the grey side was a rare path to follow, but Kylo was more intertwined with the Force than anybody you've ever known. How could he not understand? "You use both the light and the dark side?" he asks, the tension in his voice slowly beginning to suspend. You wipe a bead of sweat dripping from your nose. "I try not to favor one or the other, yes." "But do you?" "I'd rather not say," you reply quickly, walking towards a bridge within acceptable distance. Kylo trails along. The heat radiating off of him is literal and figurative. His expression is blank as he stares off into nothingness. You watch him in the corner of your eye, sensing the argument isn't over. Not even close. "You're very stubborn," he continues. Ah. There it is. "I'm careful," you say levelly. Almost to the bridge , you tell yourself. Then you can sit. A few moments and a couple of feet later, you arrive at the bridge. It's steady and made of steel, but you feel dizzy walking along it. You wanted solid ground and cool air, for the love of Kriff. Inside the dormitory, a wall of cold air hits you and goose-bumps raise along your arms. You sigh in relief and wait for Kylo to direct you towards your room. He does, only after locking the blast doors. He points to the curve on the right. "There." The two of you are silent until finally a dam breaks in you. You don't know what it is. It must be anger. No, maybe it's passion. Maybe it's genuinely foreign. But whatever it is, you scream it aloud. "Why must you torture me like this?!" you shout. Your voice echoes and bounces against the structure. Kylo stops walking and turns sharply on his heels. "What are you talking about?" he asks in the same volume as you. His voice is more booming - more threatening than your high-pitched squealing. Your close your eyes in order to stop the tears. You can't look at him. He disgusts you. He makes you feel so much anger and so much of something you can't understand. "Some days you want me and others you don't!" you clench your fists, eyes still shut in agony. "You haven't even touched me since that night on the Finalizer! Why did you choose me?!" You open your eyes and feel the blood pumping rapidly through your veins. "What do I have to offer you other than my genes?!" The Force user clenches his jaw and his chest expands with breath. "The first time we met. Don't you remember?" he says this through gritted teeth. You sniff back dry tears. "I do." "You were directing everyone. You took control." His voice is steady. You realize with horror that he is more calm than you. You shrug lightly. "They were my team. Of course I did." "And you left them. Bravely." He inches a step towards you. The air becomes thick and your throat tightens, burning with a desire you don't know. "I did," you reply. "Why?" "Because I knew my duty," you answer posthaste. Kylo raises a brow. "Which was?" His mouth settles into a thin line knowing that, for once, he is in the right. You hate it. "To leave my home and serve for the First Order," you choke back a sob. "It was your choice, wasn't it? Were you held against your will?" he asks you, stepping another inch towards you. His swagger makes your body flinch and the sound of his boots make you jump on your heels. "No," you answer. "Because?" Another step forward. "Because I wanted to!" you shout back. A smirk flickers on his face. You realize what he's done. "Exactly," he answers. You barely hold yourself up. Your head is dizzy with questions. You knew he was drawing it out from you - the repressive anger. It loomed in your chest like a spider making its web. Kylo is walking away when you softly whisper, "How come you hide from me?" He turns. "What?" "I can't see you. I can't get inside your head..." you push your fingers against your temples. Your expectations fall short when the only thing that transfers from his subconscious is white noise. "Are you my husband? Are you my commander?" Kylo clenches his jaw impassively. "You expect too much of me." Your eyes water again. "You disgust me," you spit. He smirks mischievously. "No I don't." You narrow your eyes and brush past him, your shoulder bumping into his chest. "Don't," you say. The commander follows close behind, though he makes sure not to catch up. "Don't what?" he challenges. "Don't play that game with me. Don't creep into my head! I'm stronger than that." You turn another corner, suddenly not caring where the proper room is - as long it's a place to sit down. "I know that," he admits. "Mutual respect," you shout over your shoulder. "Respect is one thing," Kylo stops walking so you glance back at him. "Secrecy is another." You roll your eyes and throw your head back dramatically. "And what do I have to keep secret?!" You haven't stopped walking. "Why won't you tell me who your master is?!" he yells back. You're halfway down the hall now. You know he can't take it from you forcibly. It weakens him. He hates knowing he can't control you. Power means control and he currently does not possess it. You begin to laugh sardonically. It rumbles through your chest. "You're angry that you can't read my mind! That's what this is! That's what all of this is!" you watch him from across the hall and you notice his hand twitching towards his lightsaber. "Do it! Get angry!" you scream. "I can push you like you can with me!" You stomp your way towards him. "Show me what you pretend to be, Kylo!" His hand twitches at his saber again. In frustration you whine, "Oh, for the love of..." Your hand reaches for the blaster that's hooked on your waist. You fire so briskly that even Kylo is taken aback. He stops it, however, in mid-air just before it can penetrate his robotic limb. He starts for you and you let him. His masculine form hovers over you for only a moment before you slap his jaw. He growls at this and snatches your blaster before throwing it across the room. "Don't," he snarls. "Or what ?" you challenge. You raise your hand again but he grabs your wrist and squeezes. You grin, satirically. "I dare you. Do it ." You spit. Kylo is fuming. But something in his eyes assures you that he won't. He does, however, slam you to the nearest wall. You gasp at the impact. His face is only centimeters from yours. His breath is crisp and warm and your breathing tangles with his. "You think you're so tough?" you ask him sternly. "Huh?" Kylo just stares at you and his eyes could melt steel. You push against his grip. "Just because you can stop a blaster from firing, huh? That makes you tough?" Another growl escapes his lips. "Do it," you beckon. "Do it. Kill me ." But instead of striking you, he attacks your mouth with his. Notes: Eigengrau / "Dark light, or brain gray, is the uniform dark gray background that many people report seeing in the absence of light." Chapter 8 : Toska Summary: TRIGGER WARNING: Pregnancy complications, blood. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You couldn't feel much at first. You were very numb. But you knew Kylo's mouth was tracing along your cheek when you felt it. The cramps. You tried to ignore it. Pregnancy was fluid and symptoms weren't uniform. Nyx (who also served as your current midwife) told you that cramps were normal and that even slight traces of blood were perfectly fine. But you knew something was wrong. Something was very wrong. You tore yourself away from Kylo's mouth. He sensed it immediately. He gripped your waist, as you became a bit limp in his arms. Your body slid slightly down the wall, your hands pressing against your belly. You began to mumble incoherent sentences and jumbled words - your breath became rapid and your heart began to flutter. No. No. No. You reached for him - your husband. You gaped his name but it didn't form. Your eyes tightened and your back began to ache as though someone had just stoned you. You bent over in a fetal position, rocking back and forth. It was a natural reaction to unzip your pants. And when you sat up on your knees you saw it. The blood. "No, no!" Your throat was burning against your scream. "No!" You began to frantically clean yourself, wiping the blood on your pants - if you could get rid of it, you thought, then it was fantasy. This wasn't happening. You continued to dry-heave, yelling the same word over and over again: " No, no, no !" Kylo didn't even think. He picked you up and threw you into his arms. The blood stained his cloak. His child. Your child. "No, please!" you beat against his shoulders. "Kylo, do something! For the love of Kriff!" You hadn't even noticed that you were already half-way to the ship. It had been a twenty minute walk, but Kylo was sprinting across the landscape of Mustafar, his rapid breathing mixing with yours. You were sobbing against his chest, blood stained hands clenching his biceps. He remained silent while taking you up the ship's ramp. The ghost of Padme was suddenly very silent. <><><><><><> They were whispering as though you couldn't hear them from behind the curtain. The word "miscarriage" had been uttered at least five times. And each time it was said, you cringed. The thin fabric separating yourself and the medics did not conceal their shadowy figures. Your eyes traced along the ridges of the ceiling, your teeth clenched. You had been drifting in and out of sleep for hours, convinced that the medication numbed everything but the emptiness of your abdomen. It had been thirteen hours and Kylo was nowhere to be found. You had asked for him. Twice. All you needed was reassurance. You were terrified of what might become of this. Not only did you loose your child but would you loose your position as well? Maybe even your life? Snoke. You could only think of him and the wrath that was bound to follow. You were just awakening from a light sleep when Nyx arrives. Her friendly face brought you warmth and you reached out to her, eyes watering again. She kissed your hands over and over, resting her forehead against yours. "I'm so sorry," she whispered repeatedly. "I'm so sorry, milady..." You brought her to your chest and hugged her tightly. She wept in your shoulder and you sobbed in her hair. <><><><><><> After twenty-four hours, Kylo was still missing. Nyx, however, had stayed by your side. She fell asleep on your sore belly, her light snoring bringing you comfort and, if you dared say it, amusement. But you couldn't laugh. You couldn't smile. The light that was left in you was rapidly dissipating in the steely air. A sharp and chemical smell had burned your nostrils, so when a medical droid carefully opened your door to bring you breakfast, your brain had to rewire itself. Your eyes widened, sleep threatening to slip your body into a comatose. Nyx jostled awake, startled by the slamming of the blast doors. You patted her arm to bring her comfort, as though to say, "It's okay." The medical droid was supposed to be feminine and you knew this because she gently set down your tray in front of you. She scanned your eyes and picked up your wrist in a gentle fashion. She checked your pulse and carefully laid a robotic hand on your stomach. A digital interface full of your medical history and current status popped up in front of you. The hologram showed no sign of life in your belly. Your remained expressionless, watching as the heart monitor found no pulse within you. It was only yours and you were suddenly very alone, despite the company you kept. In the corner of your eye you saw Nyx watching you cautiously, as though you were about to burst into tears. But you didn't. You were stone. Ice. Your heart was becoming ash. "Ambassador Ren," a voice said. The red haired general stood behind the droid, his hands crossed behind his back. His expression told you that he was indifferent to your situation, though genuinely curious as to your general health. He stepped forward, urging the medical droid to leave. She did, rolling away towards the doors and exiting from view. "General Hux," you said. The hologram disappeared and you sighed a breath of relief, it's blue hue slowly fading from your face. Nyx stood. "Should I leave, milady?" You glanced at Hux. He didn't seem comfortable with her in the room and you weren't in the mood, nor health, to argue with him. You nodded at her. "Yes, Nyx. I'll call for you later." Nyx bowed, her loyalty never fading, despite your new position as an ambassador. She still considered you part of a monarch. She lowered her head when passing Hux and he watched her leave, just barely craning his neck, and when the blast doors shut, he immediately relaxed. "What is it, Hux?" you asked, attempting to lift yourself into sitting position. It worked, miraculously. Your back settled against the terrible fabric of medical pillows and you exhaled gradually, waiting for him to speak. The general walked closer to you, but only enough so that you could hear him more clearly. "I have received word from commander Ren. He wants me to inform you that he'll be visiting you tonight." You turned your chin away from him, eyes upwards to the ceiling. "Fine," you decided. "On your way out, will you send for a droid?" To your surprise, Hux nods softly. "Yes," he answers. "And..." You freeze. "Yes?" Hux clears his throat and moves his legs - a very uncharacteristic action. "And I'm sorry for your loss." You blink once or twice, your lips barely parting. The general has barely said a word to you since your arrival on the Finalizer. His lack of conversation makes you feel no sympathy towards him, and his indifference with Kylo has forced you to prevent any respect as his position of general. "Thank you," you force. But you mean it. You really do. It's nice to hear it from him, you supposed. The general just nods curtly, his normal behavior naturally intact once again. He leaves without another word. <><><><><> It was the beginning of the sleep cycle when Kylo entered your room. You were sleeping. But when the doors opened, you awoke. You were curious as to what he might do, so you pretended to still be unconscious. You laid on your side, back to him and listened for any sign of decision he may make. Will he leave? Will he stay? Will he sit beside you? Speak to a medic about your recovery? Kylo drops his helmet. You hear it fall against the floor with a loud clatter but you still refuse to budge. Maybe he knew you were pretending. You didn't know if you cared. To your astonishment, Kylo dragged a chair from the end of the room. He moved it beside your cot and he turned off the lights. He slept with you that night. Notes: Toska / "A dull ache of the soul, a sick pinning, a spiritual anguish." Chapter 9 : Mizpah Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When you wore black it was usually for aesthetic purposes. But now you were in mourning, and though Kylo wore black every day, you were able to see the weight being carried on his shoulders. He strides down the hall with a different aura - much less demanding and much more mechanical. His helmet has stayed on in your presence ever since you were carried into the infirmary. You don't ask him to take it off. You know. It had been a week since you were admitted and you were allowed to "go home" (which really just meant the rest of the base and your bedroom). You would, however, be required for daily check-ups for the next three weeks - the time you were also suspended from working. Three weeks without something to distract you. Working was your life and everyone knew it. Maybe it was a punishment. After all, you lost the child. You're walking down the hall, shoulders back and a figurative mask on, when general Hux says your name. You turn and find him at the opposite end, his hands motioning for you to come hither. You sigh and roll your eyes, meeting him halfway. Your arms snake behind you. "Yes, general?" Hux inspects you closely. You clear your throat. "Snoke requests an audience." You raise an eyebrow. "Demands, you mean." The redhead nods curlty. "Demands," he repeats. His voice lingers. "Commander Ren will attend you." Your gulp, your whole body freezing, though a strange heat settles in your ankles. You nod sharply and walk in the direction of which he came. The general doesn't leave your side, strangely enough, and instead struts along with you. Stormtroopers nod in submission and continue walking. A particular trooper watches you from a distance and whispers to their confidant something you can't hear. "Does everyone know?" you ask Hux flatly, eyes strictly forward. The general takes a moment to answer. The two of you round a corner. "The majority, yes." At least he was honest. When you arrive to Snoke's grounds, Hux finally leaves you without another word. Odd, but apparently his presence was necessary. Did Kylo think you'd run away? Whatever the reason, you enter the doors, eager to make it look like you aren't afraid. But you are. When you see Snoke's hologram towering above the ground, your skin trembles. Snoke says your name in a sonorous voice. "You're late," he sneers. Kylo is waiting for you, his mask showing no indication of his feelings. Your arrival probably infuriates him but you can't decide yet. You stand tall beside him, hands clasped together. "I was just informed," you tell him, voice stronger than you imagined. Snoke looks down at you as though you're minuscule and, quite literally, you really are. He grimaces and settles back into his chair. "The child..." "Is dead," you hiss. A brave reply. Snoke's face falls, but not in disappointment. You've angered him. "Yes..." he muses. "You've lost the child." You inhale deeply, shame clouding your expression. Kylo looks at you - you see him in the corner of your eye. "I did," you decide. And it's true. You really did. But you wouldn't let Kylo believe that you're weak. No. You're firm and steadfast. His reaction, no matter what it may be, will not tear you apart. Snoke is silent for the next two minutes until he finally says to the both of you, "Leave." You look at your partner and he nods in compliance. The two of you dare say nothing more and instead leave his grounds, yourself feeling more empty than before your arrival. But before you head towards your quarters (after all, you've been misbehaving your doctor's orders - you shouldn't even be out of bed) Kylo says your name, forcing you to face him with a sense of omission. "What?" you ask, eyes to the ground. You couldn't look at him. You hear his boots step closer. When he's within whispering distance, he quietly tells you, "Go to our quarters. I'll be there in a moment." You crinkle your eyebrows in confusion but surrender to his instructions. You curse at yourself while walking back; you've turned soft. Once upon a time you'd have demanded that he didn't speak to you that way. But now it was no use. You were tired of fighting. You just wanted to sleep. <><><><><> A "moment" turned into hours. You hadn't expected anything less. He was busy, or he was stalling, and the thought of it drove you mad. You had been gargling down a bottle of alcohol (that you didn't know the name of). You just knew that it filled a void...and that it was a twelve percent volume. While pressing the neck of the bottle to your lips, you stare into the horizon. Your quarters with Kylo has a breathtaking view. At night, when both suns set, you could see the twinkling of 'beam bugs' - a native insect that shone a light everywhere it flew. You count them in your head; every five seconds a beam of light soars above the ground. One, two, three, four ...you count. At least, you think you do. You really can't remember your own name, let alone attempt mathematics. You smirk lazily at yourself when you see your reflection in the mirror. There she is again , you think, that damned failure . You hit the window with the palm of your hand and chuckle sardonically when nothing came of it. Of course. You were almost finished with the bottle but knew for a fact that C-50 couldn't deny you any more. You press a button on the blast doors' interface. "C-50?" you slur. "Get me another bottle of..." you check the label, widening your eyes to make sense of it. "-whatever this is." The unsure tone of your droid filters through the speaker. "Yes, ambassador." You release the button with the flick of your index finger and collapse onto the floor in a fit of giggles. You had no idea what was so humorous but you knew that the couch in the corner looked strikingly like a squat Tauntaun. Aiming for it, you throw the bottle and expect it to land on the cushions, but it shatters into pieces when met with the floor. "Whoops!" you shout. More giggling. You were inspecting the damage before you (laughing the whole time) when you suddenly fell backwards. You yelp, your head almost smacking against the floor. The hallway of the base was empty, except for the footsteps of stormtroopers echoing in the distance. It was when something nudged your head that you found Kylo shrugging you with his boot. You smile stupidly at him. "Hi." He isn't amused. He reaches for your hand but you swat away his arms. "No, no. I'm going to stay here..." Kylo sighs dramatically. "Get up." You pout, your lips jutting out like a child's. "Don't tell me what to do..." you slur. "I'm your wife!" You hiccup. The force user is not pleased but he's not about to give up. After more debating, he found he would get nowhere asking you. So he grabs a hold of your leg and drags you into the quarters. The blast doors immediately shut. You protest against his grip. "Get off of me!" you shriek. Kylo lets go of your ankle once in the center of the quarters. He still has his uniform or... "Costume," you mumble softly, eyes spinning with the room. You began to snort with laughter. The commander fiddles with his helmet before it falls to the floor with a loud boom. At this, you heartily giggle some more. It's definitely a costume. "I had no idea you drank," Kylo grumbles, shedding his cloak. You tilt your head to see him properly. Then you lay on your side, eyes goggling when he lifts up his under armor. He begins to address your current state of inebriation but you aren't paying attention. Instead, you watch the way his arms tense underneath his skin and the subtle, though noticeable, muscles. You try to get up, and after three attempts, you're able to stand firmly on both feet. "You really should get some sleep." Kylo is now stripping off his trousers. When he sits on the bed (as your quarters resembles a studio), he begins to fidget with his zipper. But he's interrupted when you climb into his lap, legs straddling each side of his waist. He stops undressing. You run your finger across his bare chest. "You're pretty," you say, a smile growing on your lips. "You're drunk," he tells you. He's completely serious. In no way does he say this playfully. In fact, his eyes are dour. You continue to run your hands against his body before cupping your hand against his cheek. "Kylo?" you ask, the slur still camouflaging your voice. He continues to pull of his trousers, despite your current position. You lift your hips when he slides them to his ankles. He's left completely nude, your figure exposed to him. "What?" he asks. He's tired. But, damn, you aren't. And as much as he wants to pretend that he's apathetic to your current posture, he stands at full attention. You smirk at this, your sense of pride slowly regaining control. You lean in to press your face against his chest. "You were going to..." you hiccup again. "You were going to have sex with me at Mustafar, weren't you?" He doesn't say anything. You snake your hands around his neck. "Kylo?" He groans in exasperation. "What?" You tilt your chin upwards so you can look into his eyes. They're on fire, burning with lust. But something is holding him back. "Weren't you?" you ask again. Your head is getting more fuzzy and the room is still spinning. Kylo attempts to untangle you from him. He says your name tiredly as if he's pleading with you. You brush away his raven locks from his eyes and hug him against you tightly. "Don't let go of me," you beg. Kylo stills beneath you. "What?" "Don't let go of me, I said." You embrace him tightly, pressing your cheek against his scarred shoulder. "Don't let go..." You fall asleep in his grasp, suddenly unafraid of the world. Notes: Mizpah / "The deep and emotional bond between people, especially those separated by distance or death." <><><><> Hey guys! I wanted to give you a little update! I'm baaaaack! I've been very drained. I just started my title of 'editor-in-chief' for Odyssey Online so I've been VERY busy with writing articles and editing them as well. It gets a bit overwhelming. The last chapter was very upsetting, I know. But it serves a purpose. Kylo's character development will be very interesting to write but I try to keep him in character as much as possible. It bugs me when people make him out to be a sappy, romantic. I don't truly believe he ever will be. He is too scarred. However, I do believe that he has a lot of his father in him. We'll see. ;-) #prayforcarrie Chapter 10 : BB-4 Summary: CONTAINS: Domestic bliss. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Eyes flutter. You catch a glimpse of your ratted hair against the pillows. The sunlight hurt. Really hurt. Your head spun with the aftermath of alcohol. You'd never drink again , you vowed. You could still smell it on your breath. Whatever it was, it was strong...much too strong for your taste. What had you been thinking? Didn't you know any better? You sat up and immediately regretted it; the sourness in your stomach twisted your gut. "Never drinking again," you repeat in a whisper. You place your hands against your face, feeling the warmth of your cheeks. Then you hear it. A mechanical shriek. Your body clenches and you immediately grab your blaster on the bedside table, pointing it at it in the emptiness of the room. The light shining through the windows doesn't show any sort of life. This piques your curiosity and your fingers clench the blaster's handle more tightly. Your eyes narrow when... " WAAAAAAAAHHH !" A matte, black droid (shaped like a perfect sphere) slams itself against the far wall of your quarters. It had escaped from the bathroom, its head lolling (barely) with its body. You shoot at it, but missed, as it had predicted the blast. The droid spins on its side and hides behind the couch. It was then that Kylo walked through the doors. At the intensity of the situation, you aim for him, thinking he's an intruder. For the love of Kriff, what is a Resistance affiliated droid doing in your quarters? But Kylo had blocked your blast and it ricochets into the hallway. You see a group of Stormtroopers yelp before the doors of your room shut. "What are you doing?" the Knight asks. The helmet has not come off his head so the modulator still cloaks his voice, making the question sound more frightening than what it really is. You glance towards the droid but he hides himself behind the couch, only his head peeking over at you. You point at the black ball. "What is that?" Kylo takes off his helmet and throws it to the ground carelessly. "A droid," he says casually. As he walks towards you, you set your blaster on the bedside table again. But you don't take your eyes off the little droid. He's still glancing at you, his little body wiggling each time he does. He beeps something at you. You raise a brow. "Why?" you ask. Kylo runs a gloved hand through his hair. He sits next to you. "Why what?" "Why is there a droid in our quarters?" you ask again, voice rising. Kylo begins to shed his boots and then his outer armor. He sighs, the signs of exhaustion showing. You then realize the time of day and his arrival. You're asleep for eight hours and everything suddenly turns erratic? "Why are you home?" you echo your thoughts, occasionally glancing at the droid. Kylo stops fiddling with his boots and tosses his shawl onto the ground. "One question at a time." You sit cross-legged on the bed, your arms laying in your lap. You watch the droid with caution. After all, BB Units were strictly used for Resistance pilots. An astro droid...in your bedroom. Kylo gets up from the bed, boots off, and the majority of his uniform. You watch as he rubs his shoulder blade again - the one unaffected by artificial mechanisms. He groans in pain, but does it silently enough so that he might get away with it. But you notice it. Of course you do. "Kylo," you repeat. He turns, his eyes tired. "What?" He's being so patient . His shoulders are drooped and he brings his palms up to rub his face. Is he not feeling well? "What's wrong?" you ask him, climbing out of bed. You step towards him and he doesn't flinch. "I'm taking the rest of the day off," he replies. He looks towards the droid but doesn't mention him. Forget the droid; Kylo is taking a day off . Has the sky fallen? Has he had an aneurysm? You take a risk and run your hand along his jawline. He doesn't seem to mind but he isn't looking at you. He watches the droid. "The droid," Kylo begins. "When you were in the med-bay, I took some time for myself...went to Ferrum." You nod, massaging his bicep. He wasn't protesting against it so you took the opportunity in your hands. In fact, he seemed to enjoy it. His muscles relaxed every time you hit a certain spot. You smile at yourself, feeling a bit of pride. "What did you do?" you ask softly. Kylo starts shrugging out of his shirt and you help, lifting it over his head (as much as you could anyway - damn your height difference). When he tosses it with the other forgotten clothing, he walks towards the droid. "I went to think. After everything that happened..." he pauses, shaking the thought away. He softly kicks the ball towards you. It was tall enough to hit you in the knee. "Well, I know it's not the same as a child..." Oh. Kylo looks embarrassed when you don't say anything. He averts his attention to watch as the droid inspects you, its sensor blinking every other moment. You stand still, noticing the way it hesitates to bump into you. It's definitely terrified you, especially after you almost shot it into dust. You feel bad. You hold your hand out to it as if it's some sort of strange animal. The droid glances between you and your hand, processing its decision. Finally, he bumps against you and chirps. You grin and pat him against his metallic head. "You...you got me a droid." It's not a question, though it sounds it. You don't know what to say. Kylo clears his throat. "Yes, well...I feel..." he stops, careful to give way to any sign of humanity, apparently. You wait, the droid still beside you and staring up at the menacing Knight. You ignore his silence. You didn't feel like getting into it either. You decide to ask, "What's his number?" "He's a BB Un..." "I know," you say. "A BB Unit. A Resistance droid. Why?" Kylo tears off his gloves (he'd forgotten about those) and throws those aside too (for the love of Kriff, didn't the man have any sense of organization?). "His number is four. BB-4. And he was abandoned. I wiped his memory." You watch as the droid rolls towards the bathroom and disappears behind the door. "And you gave him a paint job?" "Yes," he said. "I can't have a droid that looks like a Resistance fighter's." "Well..." you pause and smile. "He's adorable." The commander nods curtly, embarrassed. "Yes, well..." he turns for the bathroom. "He's yours." A few moments later, Kylo's foot kicks BB-4 out of the bathroom. " Move it, ball ." <><><><><><> You're sitting on the ground, inspecting every crevice of BB-4. Kylo was right; it's not a child - but it's something. You're beginning to notice that BB-4 actually craves your attention. He'll nudge your hand when you stop paying mind to him, even singing a bit to grab your awareness. You grin each time. No. BB-4 does not fill the void that you carry in your belly. But he's a start. The droid is beeping excitedly to you. You're not completely clueless, as you've been educated in a bit of his language. You grasp a couple words: " new " and " black " are just a few. At one point you understand when he says, " The big man is scary ." You laugh, nodding in agreement. "Yes," you say to him, knowing he can understand Basic. "Sometimes. But not always." The droid chirps back something, his tone higher and ending a on a question. You think it's, " Why ?" "Why?" you repeat for confirmation. BB-4 nods his head. "Well, he's..." you search for the word. "He's sad." Sad was the right word for it, you think. Yes, sad was it. BB-4 doesn't ask anything else because Kylo emerges from the bathroom, his hair damp. He walks past BB-4, a towel wrapped around his waist. The droid stays beside you and beeps that familiar sentence again: " The big man is scary ." "I can understand you," Kylo mutters. You smile at BB-4, petting his sides. "Kylo, thank you." Kylo looks at you from the bed, his hand massaging his shoulder again. He just makes a noise under his breath. You glance at BB-4. "BB," you say, noting the nickname. "Where's your charging dock?" BB-4 chirps wildly and glances at the far end of the quarters. "Ah," you begin. "Well, I'd like you to go there for a few hours and rest. Shut down for awhile, okay?" The little droid looks dejected but does what he's asked. He rolls away from your hand and, before sliding into his charger, sings a goodbye. You smile at him before his head tilts, indicating his sleep-mode. When BB-4 is asleep, you watch Kylo from your spot on the floor. You notice something, then. Your stomach coils into knots and fizzles like steam. He's so beautiful you can hardly stand it. You couldn't imagine it...being married off to anybody else. And it was the first time you realized it. You shy your face away from his, pretending to be busy with a thread on your nightgown. You still haven't changed into your day clothes, much too busy with BB-4. You wonder if your husband liked the thought of you being his wife or just accepted it. He didn't have to bring you a droid. Was that an action of sentiment? "Kylo?" you ask him, barely looking up from your hands. He mumbles a noise of acknowledgment. You sigh, deciding against it, and instead say, "What happened to your shoulder?" Kylo replies, "Just sore." "It's been sore for months," you say. He shrugs. "It's fine." "No," you answer. You get up from your spot on the floor and seat yourself behind him on the bed. "Let me see." He tenses when you brush your hands across his bare skin, but relaxes once your knead your fingers into his shoulder blade. You hear him groan in relief. "Any better?" He nods wordlessly. So you continue. "Did anything happen to it?" Kylo shakes his head. "Not that I know of." You nod, wrapping your legs around his waist and ignoring the towel he has on. You didn't mean anything sexual about it but once you maneuver yourself in the right position, Kylo grips the meat on your thighs. You raise an eyebrow, surprised. "What?" you wonder. Kylo growls deeply as a response. You twist yourself to see the expression on his face but his eyes are shut and his teeth are gritting. "Are you alright?" He nods. "Yes, just...yes, I'm fine." You notice the erection and laugh. His towel tents and it's rather noticeable. "I don't think you are," you snicker. Kylo sighs heavily and opens his eyes. "I'm fine." You purse your lips, examining the stiffness. "Mm...I don't think so." He shakes his head, his black hair almost getting in the way of his eyes. "We can't. You're recovering." "Nope," you say. "The medic says I'm okay." Kylo considers this, his eyes scanning along the softness of your thighs. He tightens his grip and your breath hitches in your throat. You turn your attention back to the tent in his lap. "I don't see how else you're going to get rid of it." You situate yourself so that you're looking him in the eyes and blush timidly. His hands wander down the back of your thighs until they find your ass. You smirk. Notes: HEY GUYS! Merry (late) Christmas!!! SECOND PART IS COMING SOON, YA'LL. Chapter 11 : Forelsket Summary: CONTAINS: *Sings blissfully: "Seeeeeeexxx!"* Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Bruises. That was the only word you could think of while Kylo gripped your ass in his hands. Your fingernails dug into his shoulder blades as he kissed your lips, your cheek, your jaw. He had you gasping for air. Heaven. The flavor of his lips was minty as if he’d just brushed his teeth. You wonder if that was one of the things he’d been doing in the bathroom - a strange thought during sex. You raise an eyebrow to yourself. Kylo’s head is buried in the space between your breasts, his mouth moistening every inch it could find. You had been too sheepish to moan and, for some reason, felt like BB-4 was going to turn on at any moment. Kylo felt you tense beneath him. He lifted his face from your chest. With wild eyes he asks, “What?” You shake your head. “Nothing,” you say, bringing his lips to yours. Sitting in his lap while he has an erection…it’s quite an act. You move around it, mostly concerned about probing yourself way too early. You weren’t wearing any underwear and, well, he only had a towel on. Sure, you could have sex, but Kylo wasn’t… Well, he wasn’t exactly graceful to get used to. Kylo tears his mouth away from yours, his breathing heavy. He turns his attention to your breasts again and you laugh carelessly in his wavy hair. “Hmm?” he asks, his words muffled. You giggle, “You’re a breast man.” Kylo smirks against your skin and sucks softly. “Yes,” he murmurs. You arch, trying to keep yourself from laughing when he gently teases a nipple. “Does that surprise you? You can’t help it. You laugh in his grasp. “Yes,” you say, squeaking when it tickles. You thrash a bit in his arms. Kylo notices this and uses it to his advantage. He was desperate to make you vocal and you knew it. You struggled, grumbling in irritation and damning your shyness when it involved sex. “Don’t be afraid,” he mumbles, separating his mouth from your skin. He lowers his hands down your torso. “No one can hear you. And, even if they did…” he pauses, and so does his hands, right before the edge of your belly. Your eyes flutter. “Even if they did…?” He shrugs his broad shoulders. “They’d know you’re mine.” At this, you let out a small squeak. Damn him and his irresistible dirty talk. It was a damn talent of his. Kylo smiled in victory when you let out that pathetic whimper. “That…” you jab a finger into his bare chest. His pectoral muscles almost bend your finger completely backwards. “-that was good.” “What?” he asks sinfully. “What you just did,” you answer, knowing his game. “You know what you did.” Kylo actually grins (though wickedly). “Well it’s true…” he mumbles. His head dips to your shoulder and he kisses down the length of your arm. “I want them to know.” Fingers pluck at your nightgown, exposing skin. Kylo takes a breast into his mouth. You tilt your head back in submission and moan wantonly. “Ah…there it is,” he hisses. You squeeze your eyes shut and softly moan in his chest. “Dammit,” you mutter. He flicks against you with his tongue and you jolt backwards, his hands catching you. He doesn’t tear away from you. He just stays attached, sending bolts of pleasure down your spine and, well, lower. Finally, when he knows you’ve had enough, he separates himself from you. You lean your forehead against his, your hands snaking around his neck for just a moment until you change your mind. Gods, you had never done this before, but dammit all to hell if you weren’t going to try. One hand stays around his neck and the other makes its way down…down…down… The both of you gasp in surprise. He stops altogether, pleasure obviously contorting his scowl. “Good?” you ask. Kylo raises his eyes to you lazily, the pleasure evident. “Very good.” You were clueless for the first minute or so. But once you started to experiment a little – a feather light touch here and there – you were bold enough to slip from his grasp and drop to your knees. Kylo looked down at you like he was surprised. Maybe he hadn’t expected this spontaneity in you. Maybe he thought you were too sexually oblivious. Well, whatever the reason, he was enjoying it because the moment your hand meets with the exposed flesh, he grits his teeth. You knew he was rather big but you hadn’t ever seen it erect. The first time it took you by a surprise – and it was purely for reproductive purposes only. Yes, you had felt it before, but you had never actually seen it this close. It took you a few seconds to conjure up your bravery (again) because you suddenly felt an enormous pressure on your shoulders. What if you’re terrible at it? You’d be disappointed if he were terrible at it. You shake your head to yourself, staring at his dick in your hand. This sort of philosophy wasn’t required now and you knew it; the only way you’d ever know was if you tried. Your hand, shakenly, fondled him delicately and without vigor. You were testing it out – building the groundwork. After all, he knew it was your first time and, dammit, if he gave you hell for it… Your fears are interrupted by Kylo. He moans your name and exhales deliciously. Ah. Your fears have somewhat ceased. You decide to try some more. Maybe a bit of… You lower your head and, before you can overthink it, place your lips against him. He’s a bit much to take it and you gag just slightly. The thought of you choking on his dick makes you feel self-conscious and you flush with heat. You’re way too shy to even consider looking up at him through your lashes. (You’ve heard, from other women, that men find that “hot as hell”, but you could never picture yourself doing it…no matter how badass you are.) Kylo hisses through his teeth. It makes a sharp and orgasmic sound. Is this permission to… “Go faster,” he demands. Feeling as though you’re taking the stage in front of thousands – maybe even millions – of people, a swarm of butterflies explodes in your stomach. But, fuck it. You know you’ve wanted this. So you do. You bob your head up and down and (to your pleasant surprise) hollow your cheeks around him. This brings another whisper of pleasure from him, so you do it repeatedly before you feel a slimy substance begin to escape from him. This is when he pulls away from you, his eyes wide with desire and a look you can’t place your finger on. You were going to stand up but, instead, Kylo pushes you down to the ground. Your back meets with the floor with a slap but it doesn’t hurt. In fact, the cold tile colliding with your skin causes your nipples to peak and you moan with satisfaction. You see the fire still blazing in Kylo’s hickory colored eyes. What now? You think. The two of you stare at one another – sexual tension so thick that you can feel it in your blood. Your skin trembles at his touch. Kylo’s features are so intense that, for a moment, you think he’s angry at you. But then he says it. “I need to fuck you,” he growls, his teeth bearing. Your chest rises and falls, your breasts open to the air and your skin peppering with goosebumps. You nod lethargically, though completely willingly. “Yes,” you reply, breath giving way. “Please.” Kylo doesn’t skip a beat. He turns you over so quickly that it takes a second to process the new positon. Your wobbly knees meet with the floor and your hands collapse underneath you so that your ass is above your head. You stay balanced by your two elbows, your cheek flat against the chill of the floor. You wiggle your butt against him. “Be patient,” he whispers, groping your ass with his massive hands. A moment of situating. You feel a pair of warm digits press against your lower thighs. A balmy liquid begins to pool between your legs and you mewl at his touch. “Eager, aren’t you?” he asks with a rich chuckle. It’s immoral. Chaotic. It’s…absolutely, fucking sexy. That’s when he runs his hands across your lower lips, gently enough so that it tickles but stimulates something within you that wasn’t possible with pure intercourse. You roll your eyes in the back of your hand, but when he starts to insert a finger, you grab him. “Wait,” you say, and he stops immediately, fingers stilling. “I just want you.” Kylo hesitates. “Yes,” you say, answering unspoken thoughts. “Just you.” The commander untangles himself from the complex position the two of you were in, though keeps you on your knees. “This…” he says, lifting your nightgown. The cold air hits you perfectly and you jump at the sensation. He runs a hand along your spine. “This is mine.” Below him, you make a noise in agreement. “What’s that?” he asks, proudly. Smugness coats his tone. “I’m yours,” you tell him breathlessly. “Yes,” he whispers in your ear. “All of you is mine.” In a swift motion, Kylo tears your silk nightgown clean from your body. He tosses it to the side without a care in the world. A deep rumble escapes his throat when you whine. You don’t expect Kylo to tell you when he’s ready. He didn’t before. But when he positions himself between your legs, he firmly grabs your hips and stills. “Are you ready?” he asks with bated breath. You can’t speak. The words have escaped you. You can only nod your head in permission. You realize immediately that, yes, it hurts. The myths that your vagina widens after sex the first time is not true. It’s still as numbing and as uncomfortable as the first round and, considering Kylo’s size, you were surprised you could stand it at all. But, damn, it felt good. And the more you became used to him, the more you wanted it. All of it. “Oh,” you moan, still processing the snug fit. You try to grip the floor but, alas, there is nothing for you to hold onto. Kylo pauses within you for only a moment before sliding out again. When he thrusts back into you, the pain is sharp but, oh, so necessary. It’s only a few seconds later that he begins to set a faster pace. Your skin meets with his, your ass jiggling against him, and your moans overlap with his own. “Is that what you want?” he demands. He takes a fistful of your hair and pulls. You gasp, mostly because you’re surprised at how much you like it. “Is this how you want me to fuck you?” Oh, gods. The heat begins to rise. “Yes,” you moan. Kylo takes his free hand and slaps your ass. It stings and you can feel the welt growing on your skin. Since when did you like it rough? Granted, how would you have ever known? He speeds up, his dick now hitting spots that you’d have to remember for future reference. If you weren’t in total bliss you’d be petrified of how loud your sobs were. “Fuck,” Kylo panted. He lifts you to your knees and presses you against his chest, managing to not unlatch himself. The grip he has on your throat isn’t painful, but appreciated. You are, however, denied to scream as loudly as you’d like in this position. Maybe that’s a good thing. The new position brings upon all kinds of wonders. You couldn’t have imagined there were that many nerves in such a small, compact place. But, if anyone could find them, it’d be Kylo. You whimper, feeling the heat become more intense. Your mouth begins to drool. You clench around his shaft, milking him and letting the sensation gush through you. “Oh Kylo,” you beg. “Is that,” he pants between each word. “Is that gonna make you cum?” You moan, closing your eyes in concentration. “Yes.” “Hmm?” His hips pound into you. “What?” “Yes!” you shout. You growl with intensity. Kylo smirks against your cheek and lets a free hand travel down to your spread thighs. It’s then that he begins to rub your clit. With that, you become undone. The world becomes black. Your entire body becomes numb. Fireworks dance behind your eyelids. The intensity of the orgasm is so strong that you don’t even feel it when the two of you accidently fall to the floor. But Kylo catches your head from smacking against the linoleum. You notice that he’s still entwined with you. “Keep going,” you say to him. “Come on.” He does and he watches your breasts as they bounce back and forth. A hunger sparks in his eyes. “Where do you…fuck...here do you want me to…” he begins, but you cut him off. You grasp his sweating face between the palms of your hands. His hair gets in the way of his eyes as he thrusts into you. “I want your child,” you whisper. He moans at this, a ripping groan that pierces through the (otherwise) silent room. You feel the hot jets flood within you. His hips jerk only for a second before he collapses onto you. The two of you lay in the center of the room, still attached. You roll over to face him, though just slightly, as you don’t want to unhinge yourself from him. The fullness feels right for now. You see him staring at you through sparkling eyes and, for the first time, Kylo raises a hand to your cheek and caresses you softly. “We’ll see…” he whispers. Your eyelids flutter and it was then that you fell asleep. Notes: FORELSKET / "The euphoria you experience when you are first falling in love." // Hey guys! I made a mood board for "BALEINE", which is the reader's home planet!! : https://goo.gl/FUcqlg // Hello, loves. Space Mama passed away today. Carrie will forever be in our hearts. I am devastated about the news. I know that she'd approve of this chapter mostly because she'd BE SO TOTALLY PROUD THAT I WROTE EXPLICIT SMUT FOR THE FIRST TIME. Love you, Space Mama. Chapter 12 : Moonstruck Summary: CONTAINS: Aftercare. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was strange to be held by him. His nose, long and Romanesque, was buried into your head of hair. He inhaled and exhaled as any man who slept soundly with his wife would do. His long, freckled body was tangled with yours. You were in a state of shock from the intimacy anyway, but when you felt his hand resting gently on your stomach, you stilled beneath him. It reminded you of the growing ache that battered against your cervix and accentuated the emptiness of your belly. He had unhooked himself from you while sleeping and moved the two of you from the floor onto the bed. You were now enveloped in a hill of blankets and luxurious pillows. Do you dare wake him? You decided against it. He earned, and needed, the rest. Besides, it was very rare that he wasn't disturbed; it was his day off, wasn't it? Those only came once in a blue moon and you couldn't have been sleeping for more than three hours, as BB was still resting peacefully in his dock. Laying in the silence caused the weight of reality to fall heavily on your chest: Kylo Ren, commander of the First Order and Sith apprentice, was holding you in his arms. Yes, he was. There's a bit of stirring from him. He straightens his shoulders in his sleep as though he's beginning to stretch. When he finally opens his eyes you find that they're sparkling with golden specks. It's as though they've changed within the past few hours. The hard, black irises seemed to be replaced by a mellowed, hazel color. You wait for him to shrug away from you but he doesn't. Instead, he watches you curiously as though he's puzzled. You turned into stone, afraid that he'll tear himself away from you. Surely he would. The embrace was too warm - too honest for him. You start to say something but are cut off by his long fingers reaching up to card themselves through your ratted hair. "I've made a mess of you," he mumbles. You blink. "What?" He smirks a bit and your heart falls to your ankles. "Your hair. I ruined it." His voice is low and scratchy, drowsiness evident. It makes him sound more dominant - something you didn't think was possible. You recall the tassels of hair that had been gripped in his fist. You blush at the memory and shrink in his arms. "It was a mess anyway." He tilts his chin in response. There's a few seconds of magical silence before he says, "You're tense." "I'm not used to this," you reply sheepishly. He raises a single eyebrow, fingers pausing in your hair. "Used to what?" You look up at him through your lashes, afraid of his reply. "Being held by my husband," you whisper shyly. It seems like years before he answers. His eyes softens as he watches you, his mouth turning down into a small frown. He shakes his head apologetically, taking his fingers to rub a circle in your cheek. "I know," is all he says. You shiver at his touch. The intimacy makes you weak. You begin to feel lightheaded. It's then that C-50 enters into view from the blast doors. His stiff and metallic body glints in the light of the afternoon sun streaming through the windows. When he reaches your bed, Kylo still has not released your cheek in his palm. "Ambassador Ren," C-50 says formally. "General Hux has requested a word." You mumble under your breath, frozen in Kylo's touch. "Doesn't he understand I'm suspended?" C-50 just says, "He mentioned something about Nona, ambassador. I do believe it might be important." "Of course it's important. I just don't want to deal with it." You begin to shift out of Kylo's arms and he tightens his grip on you for a split second as though he wants you to stay. At this you blush and bow your head. You wrap the sheets around you and hike yourself from the bed. Your cervix responds with a shout of pain. You flinch and hold your lower abdomen, half-waddling to the doors. You're wrapped in a thin sheet despite the presence of the general. It's very unprofessional but, in your defense, you were told you wouldn't be bothered for the next few weeks. Hux is standing in front of you, clad in his black uniform, his hands crossed behind his back. His jaw slacks when he sees you in your disheveled state; hair wild and cheeks blooming with color. You see him glance at Kylo in bed (who is now covered by a Bantha blanket). At this, he clears his throat. "General Hux," you say, smiling. You enjoy the appalled expression stewing on his face. "Are you here for the commander?" The general clears his throat again. "I...no," he stutters. "I wanted to speak with you about Nona." You flutter your lashes, enjoying the game. "What about her?" You hear Kylo scoff from behind but choose to ignore it. Hux blinks a few times and his eyes wander along your form. He notices the soft curves and the outline of your hips through the light fabric. You watch him tense his knuckles against his taut, pale skin. "I just wanted to know what her credentials were..." He looks embarrassed. You love it. "I can assure you that Nona is very capable of her position as my second-in-command, General." You shift your weight on your other leg and watch as he tightly swallows a gulp. "My father trained her himself." "Yes, well..." "And, in fact, I don't believe that's necessarily your concern," you say. "If you don't mind my saying." Hux shakes his head, either clearing his thoughts of disagreeing. Whatever it is, he decides to end the conversation. "We'll pick this up later," he says before sauntering away. The blast doors shut before you start giggling. You give yourself a figurative pat on the back. "That was entertaining," you tell Kylo. He's lounging against the bed, his hands crossed behind his head. "You were very good," he smirks. "I think you actually frightened him." You smile proudly. "Yes, that was my intention." You walk back to the bed and collapse face first into the pillows. "Do you think he's ever seen a naked woman before?" Your mouth is pressed against the fabric of the pillows so your sentence is mumbled. Kylo says, "Repeat that." You sit up on your elbow and repeat the question. Kylo shrugs his broad shoulders. You watch as the tendons twist against his bones. "He doesn't seem like the kind of man who enjoys that." You knit your eyebrows together. "Do you think he likes women?" Kylo shrugs once more. "I don't know. Maybe." He reaches for you and when you timidly wrap yourself around him, he kisses your temple. Woah . "I like this," you whisper in his scarred shoulder. "It feels real now." You feel Kylo smirk against your skin but it fades quickly. "I'm not sure how to do it." You look up at him, twisting your chin around to watch his eyes. They're blooming with something you don't understand. "How to do what?" Kylo pauses. "How to be a husband. How to be warm. It's not in my nature." You smile and kiss his forearm. He clenches it around you. "You're doing just fine." The commander, husband, lover, and companion, tilts your chin to kiss you on the lips. Sweetly. Softly. Slowly. Notes: MOONSTRUCK / "Unable to think or act normally, especially because of being in love." // Hi guys! I know this is a really short chapter but I wanted to get something posted so you guys don't loose interest. I hope I didn't make Kylo too out-of-character in this chapter, but he's beginning to warm up to the idea of being a husband and not just a partner, you know? I wanted the miscarriage to change him for the better. The bond between two people when experiencing the loss of a child can dramatically alter their relationship - whether it be for better or for worse. Anyway, we'll see what happens. Keep reading! Chapter 13 : Virago Summary: CONTAINS: Politics with Hux. A disturbance in the Force. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next few days was dedicated to BB-4’s care. The little droid kept you busy. He chirped and cheered when you payed attention to him and, when you didn’t give him enough affection, reminded you of it. You wiped the dirt he had picked up from the Finalizer off his body. You made sure he was fully charged, that there were no loose wires, and that he was satisfied in his new home. Kylo was more benevolent than usual but he wasn’t completely rid of his short temper and mood swings. He did, however, kiss you more often and held you against him whenever your back was turned. It was nice – it really was. You felt wanted. Nyx was cleaning the quarters on this particular afternoon. She whistled a familiar tune as she polished various items. You, on the other hand, were going through files and disobeying doctor’s orders; of course you weren’t going to sit and stew for weeks. You had to work on something. You couldn’t sit and stare blankly at the wall where the thoughts of your unborn child crept into your mind; it wasn’t healthy. If anything would affect your recovery (and not for the better) it was remaining still. You tap something on your datapad. Ambassador Tyth’s face appears in a holographic form. You watch it with distress, thinking about the last time the two of you had met. It was an unfortunate day. The man seemed smug even in his hologram. A list of details about Tyth popped up on the file. His grandfather had served in the Clone Wars and he had done his duty as pilot in the war against the Empire. Against the Empire . Strange , you thought. You didn’t know anything about that. For some reason, you didn’t trust the elder ambassador. His outburst at your last meeting had struck a chord (and with good reason, too). Tyth seemed to hold classic morals and political viewpoints. According to the file, he had become an ambassador after he served as a member of the senate for twenty years. By the time he was forty, he was one of Baleine’s most distinguished politicians. Your father always liked him. But for what reason, you never knew. You recalled their many secret meetings – ones that you couldn’t intrude on. Tyth was always a very mysterious man and didn’t budge on policies that “mattered most to him”. If it deemed fit for his own personal gain, he supported it. It was as simple as that. So you supposed it really shouldn’t have surprised you when he accused you of being brainwashed. You continued to read the file. The rest of it seemed bland: he had come from a wealthy family and was the middle child of five boys; his wife had died of a heart attack. But the thing that jumped out at you was brand new information. Tyth’s daughter, Yula, had disappeared fifteen years ago. You think you remembered that. You were only five at the time but it caused commotion within the palace. The daughter of a senator…gone. “Milady,” says Nyx, her voice high and pleasant. It carefully pulls you from your thoughts and you smile warmly at her as a reply. “The general is here. As you requested.” Hux had been ignoring you ever since the “sheet debacle”. You didn’t blame him. After all, when was the last time he saw a woman who wasn’t in uniform? You nodded to Nyx and stood up from your seat on the couch. “Bring him in,” you tell her. Nyx nods and enters the code for the blast doors. The pale faced general walks into view a bit more casual than usual. He keeps a neutral expression and stands tall in front of you, shoulders back and hands in front of him. “You called for me, ambassador?” he asks, eyes strictly business and on your own. Maybe this was a side-effect from your most recent encounter. “Yes. I wanted to discuss our guests’ arrival with you,” you began. “When do they land?” Despite being on suspension, you obviously knew of all the going-ons in your line of work. Nona had kept you informed every day with a short recap. Because of Tyth’s outburst, he was required to return for a follow-up meeting. Fan would be attending him – you had made sure of that. Tyth obviously needed a babysitter. “I was told in about two to three hours.” Hux shifts in his stance, glancing away towards the windows overlooking the fields of Yanni. You allow a subtle grin. Did he blush that easily? “Good. Then I’ve caught you just in time,” you begin. You lean forward, hands crossed and legs too. “General, I have to ask you something. I know it’s not in your job description, but I can’t ask the commander to do it…because of the current situation.” Hux raises his chin. “Yes?” “I need you to keep an eye on Ambassador Tyth. I don’t trust him,” you say firmly. The general twitches a ginger eyebrow. “May I ask why?” You sigh, picking at a piece of lint on your gown. “He had a little outburst at our last meeting. He implied that I was disillusioned ever since my union with the commander. I had to file a report and everything. It’s why he’s here.” Hux considers this. “Why would he say that?” You laugh sardonically. “I didn’t give him the ‘okay’ to blow up Yabbai. The two planets have been at it like lizards and fish ever since I left office.” “Yes. I know of their disagreement,” he answers. And who didn’t? The tension between Baleline and Yabbai have been going on for years but in the most recent months their relationship was down spiraling. “I know that Nona is perfectly capable of her job. Like I said before, my father taught her everything himself. But she’s not used to politics like this. This is different than anything back home.” You twist your hands together anxiously. The general blinks once or twice but stays perfectly still. “What would you have me do?” he asks. You were surprised at how well he was following orders. The two of your positions were at the same level, so technically he didn’t have to do anything for you. Grateful, you begin. “When the ambassadors arrive, check Tyth for weapons…and Fan of course. We don’t want to raise any suspicion.” Hux nods lightly. “Then we would need an excuse.” You shrug. “Tell them that we suspect mutiny on board. Ever since the episode with FN-2187 I’m sure that’ll come as no surprise.” The general flinches at the memory. You didn’t blame him. You watch as he regains his composure. Through gritted teeth he says, “I thought ambassadors weren’t allowed to carry weapons.” You smile a bit. “We aren’t. But we do anyway.” You pause. “I’d also like you to place shock troopers on the bridge above the landing pad – just for precautions.” “I’ll make sure to inform Captain Phasma. Anything else?” he asks hesitantly. You nod. “Yes. Imperial guards for myself and Nyx. I’d also like for you to gather a squadron for the commander…discreetly, of course.” Hux looks concerned. His eyebrows knit together. “Do you suspect anything might happen?” You sigh heavily, looking him directly in the eyes as though to assert dominance. “I don’t know what to suspect, general. But I do not trust Ambassador Tyth and neither should you.” There’s a long pause and the two of you stew in one another’s silence. You take a deep breath. “Thank you, general. I appreciate this. You may leave now.” The general nods curtly and exits your quarters. A strange feeling comes over you, then. It chills the air. It rattles within your skull. You feel goosebumps slowly form on your arms and you close your eyes, focusing on the atmosphere. “I sense something…” you whisper. You feel Nyx’s eyes on you as you inhale slowly through your nose. “I must meditate.” “Yes, milday.” You hear the shuffling of her gown. With a deep breath, you begin. Notes: VIRAGO // "A strong, brave, or warlike woman." // This is a terribly written chapter. Medication withdrawals and anxiety have ruined my ability to form sentences, but the story is in my head. Bear with me. Chapter 14 : Orphic Summary: CONTAINS: The master. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "I sense something." Your eyes, glued shut, have been focusing on the bits of energy swarming through your mind. In your head, the waves of energy connect with one another like neon colored strings. A noise accompanies them - a low buzzing that makes your eyelids twitch. The over-stimulation of senses causes you to panic and with a breath of fresh air, you open your eyes to find your master sitting before you. He's cross legged, his ghost flickering lightly like it always has. His green eyes are visible and, even from another dimension, you watch as they dazzle in the reflection of the sun. The two of you focus on one another, listening...waiting. "What do you feel?" His voice penetrates through the buzz; you're relieved of it for only a moment. You furrow your brows and bring a hand to your temples. "I don't know." You pause. "I can't decide if it's good or bad. It's overpowering." The master nods. "Search your feelings once more," he says seriously. Your eyes slip shut again. You wait for it, and right as you're about to give up, you see it - the imagery. A deep blue glows inside your eyelids and purple follows. You know what this means. Your chest fills with a passion - a light. "Melancholy," you decide. You barely part your lips to whisper this. The blue fades quickly and you're left with a rich purple. Against the hue are lights of white rays - they dazzle against one another like stars. "There is sadness...but considerations of redemption." It confuses you beyond comprehension. You shake your head. You hear your master speak. "What do you believe will become of this?" You don't know. You need more. You wait for what follows. Patience is a virtue. After several minutes it flows within you like water. You squeeze your eyes shut to picture it more clearly. The purple turns into gold and it shines like water in the sun. "I sense victory - but for whom I cannot tell," you finally answer. There's a beat. You concentrate on the colors before they fade before you, leaving nothing but the relative blackness in your lids. With a sigh, you open your eyes, lips parting with bated breath. The Force has not been so strong with you in quite some time. In fact, you can't remember the last time you've sensed something so great. Not even when you were carrying your child did you feel such an intensity. It took energy from you. You're suddenly very tired. Your shoulders droop and your arms fall limp in your lap. "The Force has become increasingly unpredictable in the past few months..." the ghost muses. He crosses his arms and the sleeves of his robe flicker. "Nothing has been for certain. With the loss of your child, your own future has been shaken as well." Air has been knocked from your chest. You bow your head in submission, eyes watering. "What should I do?" The master takes a deep breath. The intensity of the situation worries him and it frightens you. "Concentrate on your balance," he begins slowly. "These obstacles will cause you to stray if you do not control your ambitions." He stands, arms still folded against his chest. "Do not run to the darkness, nor to the light. Stay where you are. I fear your life depends on it." Breath hitches in your throat at these last words. You nod to him, your eyes straying downward. "Yes, Master Jinn." Notes: ORPHIC // "Mysterious and entrancing. Beyond ordinary understanding." // WOAH. WHAT? Another very short chapter for dramatics. Chapter 15 : Advesperascit Summary: CONTAINS: VIOLENCE. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Doctor’s orders be damned. You were going to the landing pad. Already dressed, the only thing you needed to do was to grab BB. “BB,” you called. “Wake up. We’re going to the bridge.” The droid lit up and chirped himself awake. When he saw you standing before the blast doors he beeped, “Why?” He rolled off his charging pad. “Because I’m the First Order’s damn ambassador. It’s my job.” <><><><><> There was no mercy. The Stormtroopers who passed by froze in their walk and bowed their heads in acknowledgment. You did not look at them. You did not smile in response. You were angry. BB followed close behind, his little round body catching up every time you took long strides. He chirped something incoherent towards you but you ignored him, focusing on the energy that was pressing into your chest. The closer you were to the landing pad, the worse the tension got. With the landing pad within view, you saw Hux standing by as Nona greeted the ambassadors with a friendly, political smile (her eyes did not smile, however, and instead remained firm in their sockets). It didn’t take long for the general to notice your engaging walk and, when he saw you, his eyes widened in surprise. “Ambassador Ren,” Nona said, her voice clouded with perplexity. “What are you…” You smiled sarcastically. “Well, I am the ambassador, am I not? What good of an official would I be if I didn’t do my job?” You stood close to Nona, hands crossed in front of you and eyes staring blankly at Tyth. He was sallower than what he was a month ago. The color in his cheeks was gone and his eyes seemed barren. His head of grey hair was starting to recede and his fake smile deemed more inappropriate by the second, as it didn’t look rehearsed. He was completely unfiltered – raw and prepared for his assembly. Beside him, Fan looked as naïve as possible. He didn’t look any different, aside from the bags under his eyes. “Hello, Ambassador Ren,” he said pleasantly. “We’re very happy to be here.” You look towards him – eyes made of stone. “I would hope so, ambassador. We have a lot to talk about,” you waved before you. “Shall we?” Fan nodded his head and smiled genuinely but the look on Tyth’s face made your stomach flip. Hux caught up and walked beside you. He leaned in to whisper, “What are you doing?” “My job,” you told harshly. And then it happened. A blaster shot rang through the air. Chaos nuked the entire base in one swift moment. Behind you, Tyth and Fan were ducking but…they had no weapons. Amid the bedlam, you turned your eyes to see who the perpetrator was, but before you found them, you saw the first victim. It was a mechanic who had passed by. A smoking gash displayed itself against his chest. You twisted, eyes skimming the base frantically. With all the bodies mixing with one another it was impossible to tell who shot first. The Shock Troopers on the bridge were zealously firing into the crowd…blindly. Hux grabbed a hold of your arm. “Come!” he shouted over the noise. But you shrugged him off and reached for the blaster at your thigh. “Hux! Get Kylo! Now!” He shook his head before reluctantly grabbing the hidden pistol in his boot. “Dammit,” he muttered under his breath. He began to fire. The base turned to anarchy. Half of the crew was dead while the other half abandoned the fight and fled for their lives. Shock Troopers were now filing into the crowd, their invisible armor making it hopeless to distinguish them. One thing you noticed while scanning the scene, however, was that Nona was missing. “General!” you shouted. A beam of red grazed your shoulder. “Where is Nona?!” Hux looked around erratically. “I don’t know! Does it matter?!” “Who’s shooting at us?” you roared. You couldn’t tell who it was; every blaster on the base must have been firing at once. “Never mind! Hux, let’s go! BB! Come on!” BB-4 had been shoved into the crowd. He was electrocuting everyone who got too close, his internal arm buzzing someone to the ground. He beeped madly at you and pushed himself out of the sea of bodies. The three of you ran through the halls. The skirmishing was making its way into the rest of the base now. You had to fire over your shoulder ever other second. It was maddening. “Hux!” you screamed. He was still beside you, aiming at a First Order mechanic . “Where’s Kylo?!” The general shot a path. Bodies fell to the ground. “I don’t know!” he bellowed. Dammit. Your intestines felt as though they were being twisted. “BB!” you yelped. “Can you get me Kylo’s location?!” BB chirped wildly. It sounded like, “ Yes !” “Find him!” you ordered. Your hand gripped the blaster before firing towards an electrician who had aimed for your head. Only after a few moments, BB began to head down a different corridor. He shouted hysterically as he rounded the corners and dodged bullets. The base was mad with blasters. Everywhere you turned you found someone pointing a gun at your head. You weren’t looking when you bumped into him. You had been shooting behind your shoulder at a rather skilled (and rogue) Stormtrooper. You cursed under your breath when the two of you collided. Kylo didn’t say anything. He just gripped you by the arm and led you down the hallway. His lightsaber deflected bullets and he beheaded two or three people by the time the four of you were on the other side of the base. This was the only area that wasn’t a battlefield. Once there was no one in sight, Hux bent down and rested his hands on his knees. He looked up from his unkempt hair. “What in the Kriff just happened?!” he shouted. “Implants,” you wheezed, catching your breath. “Rogue troopers, mechanics, engineers, pilots…” Kylo was leaning against the wall and he slipped off his helmet. “We have to go,” is all he said. “How? All the TIES are hijacked.” You clutched your chest, the blaster in your hand heavy. Kylo shook his head. “No. The command shuttle.” Hux swallowed a lump in his throat and weighed the pistol in his hand. “Where are we going?” Notes: ADVESPERASCIT // "The approaching dark. 'The evening draws near'." // At this point, my writing is rubbish. I'm just cranking it out. HA. Promise I'll try harder next time. Chapter 16 : ♡ NOT A CHAPTER, LOVES ♡ Hi friends! Don't worry! This isn't a post to tell you that LOR will not be posted anymore! I actually wanted to ask you guys a favor! I know a lot of you read this story and many of you have shared your opinions on it. I thank you all so much. It's so crazy how a fan-fiction can make a person's day! I can't believe I have some comments that say, " Seeing you posted a chapter made my day !" You are all so beautiful. I adore you. Anyway, the favor! Would you guys be interested in making a LOR playlist? You can make one for each chapter or just for the whole of LOR! I'll be trying to figure out what I could do for you guys as a payment - any suggestions? Hooray! Now let's delve into the next chapter. ♡♡♡♡ Chapter 17 : Cosmogyral Summary: CONTAINS: Fluff. Lots of fluff. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The general repeats the question in the shuttle. He says it as though it’s the last question he’ll ever ask. “Where are we going?” he says, his voice higher than usual – an indication of dread, you suppose. Kylo is madly pressing buttons against the dashboard. He doesn’t answer the general and he certainly doesn’t look at you. You try to avert your eyes elsewhere but you can’t help but notice the strange glances Kylo has been giving you since you arrived on the transport. “Kylo,” you decide to say. Your matriarchal instincts take over. As he’s turning on cruise control you gently grab his bicep. “Kylo, where are we going?” You glance at the general who is sitting in the co-pilot’s chair. His face is in his hands and he rests his elbows on his knees. When you ask the question, Hux looks up at you through messy and ginger locks. The look in his eyes says he’s relieved of the possibility of a more imminent answer. The cruise control is set. You feel the shuttle move in an entirely different direction. Soon you’ll be out of Yanni’s atmosphere and into the orbit of space. “Tatooine,” he says calmly. He doesn’t look at you when he says it but, instead, focuses on the steel of the ceiling. The general behind the two of you huffs through his nose. “And why are we going there?” Kylo tilts his head to glare at him and his auburn eyes become black. “They have no affiliations. No government. No laws. We’d be safe.” The general sighs, looking at his gloved hands. “Until every bounty hunter in the galaxy hears about our recompense.” For different reasons, you seat yourself on the pilot’s seat across from Hux. Kylo stands beside you, your hand still on his arm, though it’s slipped to his wrist. Tatooine. A breath of warm air slowly escapes from your lungs. You know it’s the only option; every planet habitable on the inner rim was now crawling with resistance proxies. It’s dangerous to take refuge anywhere else and you know it. You’d heard things of the “sand planet”. Tatooine is considered a place of profit and opportunities. For others, it’s a literal hell. You know that the Hutts reigned over the barren plains and that the natives are poor to the lowest degree. But it isn’t the rotten economy or the terrible excuse of a mafia that runs the planet. It’s the personal history behind it; quite like Mustafar. You grip Kylo’s wrist and then pull away. “I’ll be in the back.” The metal of the floor makes sound when you escape to the back. It’s out the general’s view but it barely fulfills your desire to be alone. Though the command shuttle is the most luxurious ship in the First Order, it’s small – with only one separate room. It’s the refresher. You stand at the sink, bracing its sides and observe the bags beneath your eyes which are dark and puffy; it’s as though you’d been irrevocably denied of sleep. Sometimes you felt as though you are. The lights above you are bright and your head begins to hurt; you dim them with a wave of your hand. Once you’d been monologuing the reality of your destination, you hear a knock at the door. “Who is it?” you ask dryly. On the other side of the door Kylo says, “It’s me.” You watch in the mirror as your eyes dilate to the sound of his voice. You nod to yourself, gathering the courage for the next confrontation. Once the door is unlatched, you find the commander standing firm. He watches you carefully. “Are you alright?” he asks. You shrug, unsure of yourself. “Yes.” Kylo sighs. “Scoot over.” You raise an eyebrow. The refresher is the size of a small walk-in closet. But, then again, it was the only place of privacy with Hux onboard. You step over for him, practically sitting on top of the toilet while he shrugs his way in. His broad shoulders nearly miss hitting the mirror. He shuts the door, locks it, and jiggles the handle to make sure it can’t be opened. Apparently, he didn’t trust Hux from barging in. Kylo doesn’t say anything to you for a moment. The two of you stare at one another, processing emotions and the day in general, you supposed. His eyes have softened to a lighter maroon, suggesting that his mood is stable. You sense nervousness in him. “I know you feel it,” he says to you. You blink, feeling a bit confused. “Feel what?” “The Force. The strangeness of it.” Kylo clenches his fists at his sides. You tilt your chin slightly. “There is a...” You pause. “ Mood about it.” The man in front of you exhales heavily as though he’s burdened with the privilege to sense something so very raw and so very real. “I don’t like not knowing what it is,” he tells you. Your lips twitch. “You can’t always know.” Kylo’s mouth threatens a sarcastic grin. “Well, why not?” he throws his glance in your direction, the complication beginning to form in his eyes again. It hurts him. And it hurts you. You reach out for his arm and, when you touch him ever so slightly, the fists at his side unclench. The tension in his arms loosen and you can feel the fabric of his armor retract gently beneath your touch. The teeth in his mouth stop gritting and he becomes moldable; you feel his affection for the first time and it is overwhelming . “Kylo,” you whisper. “Kylo, it’s okay.” He shakes his head as you place your palm against his cheek. He leans into your touch. “But what if…” He hisses through his teeth, eyes shut. “It’s not?” You lean your head against his chest and let your hand drop to wrap it around the back of his neck. “Then we’ll make it okay,” you whisper to him. Kylo wraps his arms around you and gently pushes you against him. Your cheek rubs against the coarseness of his armor. He smells like soap and melted iron. The two of you remain embraced until Kylo pulls away. His hand travels to your belly. “I feel good about this one,” he says in a murmur. You smirk. “We don’t even know if there a ‘ this one ’. It’s only been a couple days.” Kylo lifts his eyes from your stomach. “There is,” he said. “I have complete faith and so should you.” He steps back and begins to open the door after a moment of stewing. “We’d better pay attention to Hux. He becomes insufferable otherwise.” “Like a child,” you nod in agreement. But just as he begins to open the door you stop him with your hand. “Wait, Kylo.” He turns to you. “What?” You reach on your tippy toes, attempt to grip his neck, and kiss him softly on the lips. It’s lingering and zealous and, of course, he eventually he takes control. You’re forced to follow the direction of his mouth. Finally, you let go and see that his eyes are still shut when you’re finished. He blinks once or twice, settling his thoughts. “Okay, let’s go babysit the general,” you say, shimming your way between him and the doorway. You leave him, at the door, puzzled. Notes: COSMOGYRAL // "Whirling around the universe." // Sorry for the short chapter! I wanted to give you guys something to hold you over. I know it's been a hot minute. How 'bout that Tatooine, huh? As always, I adore all of you. Chapter 18 : ♡ NOT A CHAPTER...AGAIN ♡ I'm not quitting! Just a preview for the next chapter. { The storyboard and outfits for visual reference } I'm writing tonight! Just to hold you over! Chapter 19 : Orenda Summary: CONTAINS: Bonding with Hux. A medium of sorts. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Mos Eisley is a despicable city that harbors criminals of all kinds; if you can think of anything that slithers with corruptness or cheats a friend, it lives here. More than half the population is poor beyond definition, but the wealthy live like kings and queens. The Hutts have continued to rule Tatooine for the past fifteen generations (though not officially). The worm-like creatures have been involved in numerous political scandals. Neither the Republic or the Empire ever cared for them, but always endured their influence, and the First Order does not dabble in their business either. Anything here is free game. Truth be told, you'd always wanted to visit, mostly because of the stories. You didn't support the Skywalkers completely (aside from your rogue husband) but Anakin and Luke's home planet seemed like a place one only read in books. One of the main things you'd wanted to experience was the flea market. There was a strip in the center of the city that was soley dedicated to trading and bartering with, honestly, whatever was deemed necessary. There are no credits used here in Tatooine or any sort of official tender; just random items to get by in a day-to-day life for pleasure or purpose. You knew your current exile was a vicious situation, but there was an excuse to visit the flea market. "We're very inconspicuous," you tell both the commander and the general. "We have to change our clothes." Hux mulls over it. "Yes, I think I agree." Kylo seems distant. He never wore anything but his sleep wear and armor but he knew the consequences of being caught. Tatooine was the farthest planet from Yanni and the extent of the First Order's rule, but bounty hunters were ruthless. "They'd recognize your mask," you offer to Kylo again. He reluctantly agrees. "Fine," he says. You were currently dressed in "star destroyer" garb which was a black gown with long sleeves and heels. You slip off your shoes. "Hux, you'll come with me. Kylo, you'll stay here." "Since when are you in charge?" he replies, a cutting edge in his tone. You decide to ignore it. "Because of your..." you pause, inspecting the knight from head to toe. "-distinct clothing." "Hux is wearing a uniform," he shoots back. "He's able to take off the jacket, right?" you look towards the ginger who is still lounging in the co-pilot's chair. He clears his throat. "Yes." "Good," you say. You toss your shoes to the other end of the shuttle; they hit the refresher door with a loud thud. "Take it off. We're running out of daylight." Hux sighs and begins to shed his jacket. Kylo walks towards you, his expression concerned. "Are you sure this is a good idea?" "You know I'm able to take care of myself," you say. "I do." "Then trust me." You scan the cockpit. "Where's my blaster?" Kylo retrieves the gun from the dashboard console. He drops it into your palm. "Don't hesitate." You smirk. "I never do." On the way to Mos Eisley, Hux remains silent and your feet burn in from the heat of the sand. The command shuttles has been parked outside of city limits, far enough away to avoid suspicion but close enough to walk without feeling faint. There was no way in kriff, however, that you'd be balencing on heels throughout the city and, if you were being realistic, it was impossible to walk in heels in sand. Simply impossible. How strange is must have been for the citizens of Mos Eisley in stained clothing to see a woman dressed in rich, black fabric with no shoes. "Where is this succession of markets?" he asks you. You're currently entering the south side of the city. "I'm not sure. I'd ask but I don't speak Huttese..." you trail off, head spinning to find anyone who looks like they might speak basic. Hux sighs and heads towards a thin, green creature with four eyes. He begins to speak in a tongue you couldn't translate if your life depended on it, but it sounds very angry and very firm. When he's done, the green creature doesn't look displeased and it brings you great relief. "It's a mile away." Hux begins to walk north and you attempt to catch up, your bare feet stepping over stones. "You speak Huttese?" you ask out of breath, finally at his side. "You're an ambassador. I'm surprised you don't." He keeps his eyes straight and you watch as he wipes a bead of sweat from his forehead. "I don't do business with Tatooine. They don't apply to us," you remind him. "Yes, but I expected you to be educated in most languages, if not all," Hux replies. "There should be no barriers." "It wasn't considered important enough. A waste of time, as my tutor put it," you tell him. You dodge a woman carrying a jar of liquid at her side. Then you stop in the middle of the road, realizing the snark in his voice. "Are you implying I'm inadequate of my position?" Hux turns towards you. People move around him like a plague. A few curse in basic at him, probably assuming that was the language he spoke. Hux's hair flops against his forehead. Its interesting to see him so wild when he's usually gelled and proper. His green eyes seem to sparkle in the different light of Tatooine. But he's annoyed. You can tell by the way his mouth curls slightly downward. "No," he answers. "In fact, I'm rather shocked." You raise an eyebrow. "Shocked?" "You're very good at what you do. I expected you to be fluent in all languages of our galaxy," he tells you before turning sharply on his heels. Interesting. A compliment from Hux - or at least the best compliment he could possibly conjure up. You decide to accept it. After all, it was the best you'd get - you were sure of that. Besides, when was the next time the general would say something so nice? A few minutes and a couple of interesting interactions with natives later, you arrive at the market. It was sprawling with cultural life. Men and women of all creatures were bartering with one another in loud, almost comical, voices. At one point you see a woman throw a pair of pliers over a table and leave with a loaf of bread. The two of you have still somehow avoided proper interaction, despite hesitant looks tossed in your direction. Hux is a ginger haired, pale man with First Order issued pants and black shirt. You were in elegant, political wear, sweating to an immoral degree underneath your armpits. It only takes a few moments to find a tailor stand that suits Hux's taste. He'd been arguing that he wouldn't wear something "uncomfortable in both material and appearance". You sigh, somewhat agreeing. The tailor stand sits in the far end of the line. You've noticed that further down the market, the better the quality. The peasents were unable to support the demand of clothing, as they always made their own. Fabric seemed to be scarce and expensive. The man and woman you stood in front of now were hanging crisp, linen garments on stone hangers. They chatted quickly with one another and exchanged laughter. They were obviously much cleaner than those further down the line. Their faces had no streaks of grease, though the man had a scar above his upper lip. The woman was graceful and moved about the stand with small, nimble feet. "Ask if they speak basic," you told Hux. The general nods and grabs the attention of the couple folding, what looked like, night robes. He speaks to them in the same complicated language from before. You notice the odd clicks of the tongue in their proper places and the spluttering of particular words. You realize how exotic (and ugly) the language was. After a moment of conversing, Hux turns to you. "No, they don't." "Are they native?" you decide to ask, just for precaution. More garbling. "Yes," Hux tells you. "Why?" You shrug, fingering the hem of your sleeve. "Just in case they recognize us." The general seems to understand. He nods in agreement. "Good thinking," he says. "What did you want?" You were about to speak when it dawned on you: payment. "Oh kriff," you mutter. "What?" Hux asks. He's busying himself with a deep-colored fabric draped over a hanger. "What are we paying with?" Hux smirks. "I've got that taken care of." He pats his leg and you tilt your head, puzzled. "As long as you're not blowing our cover..." you mumble. The woman behind the stand smiles beautifully at you. She has a pair of onyx eyes and a mouth plump and red. Her skin is glorious with melanin and the sun soaks into her cheeks, making her skin glow with heavenly light. She can't speak to you, obviously, so she motions for you to come towards her. You, hesitantly, obey. She points to a chest which is tucked beneath the tent. No one would be able to see it unless they came behind the stand. You watch as the sunlight gleams against the jewels on its wooden front. She opens it slowly. Inside is a white, linen gown which she holds against your body. It's exactly your size. It drapes to the ground, just barely brushing your ankles. On the neck is a collar that also serves as a hood to protect one's self against sandstorms, you suppose. The fabric is light and cool but covers all nudity underneath. She hands it to you with certainty before saying something to you in Huttese. Hux glances up from a jacket the other shopkeer attempts to trade. "She says it's 'for your journey'," he tells you. You smile at her, afraid to take it. You were concerned she might snag it back from your hands. She pushes it into your arms. Then she says something again; you damned your lack of skill. "Hux?" you ask. You nod towards the woman. Hux asks the woman to repeat what she said. She replies with a smirk and he looks embarrassed. "She says, 'your husband will enjoy it as well'." You blush, carefully draping it over your arm. "Thank you," you tell her even if she can't understand. But you think she might. And then she does something that makes your head spin. She places a gentle hand on your stomach with smiling eyes and cooes something in a matter-of-fact tone. "Multiples. Within you," Hux translates, though he's looking down at another garment. "Whatever that means." You blink at her. How could she have possibly known? "I've gotten everything," Hux tells you, busy with retrieving something in his pant leg. "You'd better find something for Ren; I've just heard something about a storm." You're frozen, watching as the woman retracts her hand from your belly. She then walks towards Hux and lowers his arm; in his palms are two First Order blasters. The payment, you assume. The woman says something to Hux with soft enthusiasm. He's silent for a moment, his face thawing. To your surprise, he smiles very lightly at the woman. Hux mutters somrthing under his breath. A 'thank you', maybe. Notes: ORENDA / "(n.) A mystical force present in all people that empowers them to affect the world, or to affect change in their own lives." // Sorry this took so long guys! Have any of you been interested in the playlist idea? Shoot me a message if you have! (Or comment below!) BTW I did not edit this yet. Just wanted to post it quickly! Chapter 20 : Appentence Summary: CONTAINS: Mention of sex (though not shown), a bit of fluff, and the situation on Yanni. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sandstorm hits just as you and Hux arrive at the shuttle. The moment the door opens, you scuttle inside and duck for cover. Hux begins to shake the sand off his clothing the moment you step inside. You glare at him, watching the minuscule and thousands of grains of sand splatter across the floor. What a mess. "Hux," you begin, your political tone returning. "I need a moment alone with the commander." Kylo is sitting in the pilot's chair, his legs propped up on the dashboard and his eyes watching the storm outside. The general scoffs and turns to the Knight. "Your wife seems to think she's my superior today." Kylo doesn't glance away from the window. "That's because she is..." he trails off lazily. Hux leaves. You notice the storm outside is brewing . The view of Mos Eisley in the horizon has completely vanished and a cloud of sand envelopes the four of you in the shuttle. Speaking of which... "Where's BB?" you ask Kylo, seating yourself in the co-pilot's chair. You set your clothing onto the dashboard with a soft thud. "In the cargo bay. I found an extra charging pad." Kylo spins towards you. "He's in rest mode." You smirk a little. "You took care of him." Kylo's face falls. "What?" "You made sure he was charged," you say, the smirk still lingering. Kylo clears his throat, looking away. "Well, we need him. He's a droid..." he pauses. "He may be a good trade." At this, your grin immediately fades. "You don't mean that." In the corner of his eye, Kylo glances at you. "Maybe," he mutters, but then his lips curl upwards just slightly. "You're terrible," you growl. "I love that little droid." Kylo stands from his seat and rolls his broad shoulders. "Did you manage to find anything?" You nod, retrieving the clothes from the console. "Yes. Found something for you, too." Kylo grimaces, taking the pieces of fabric from your hand. When he unravels the black, linen pants and matching shirt, his face contorts into a scowl. "And to top it off..." you hand him a thin, russet colored shawl. "For your protection against the sand." The commander's eyes roll to the back of his head. "I hate this." You click your tongue in false concern. "I know you do," you say. You turn around and toss your hair to the side of your neck. "Unzip me. I need to get out of these clothes." He saunters near and you shiver at the sensation of his large hands softly running their way up your hips. He rests there only for a moment before leisurely unzipping the dress...taking his time. His lips find your neck and you're left a silent mess in his arms. Blushing, you remember the general in the refresher. "Kylo," you whisper. "Hux..." You tilt your head to allow more room for his lips. Kylo lowers the zipper until it reaches the center of your back. "He'll live..." he mumbles against your shoulder. Frisson arises against your skin. "I'm a mess," you say to him. "I stink. My hair is ratty." You feel him shake his head against your bare skin. Your dress falls to the floor with ease and you're left in nothing but your purest form. It's when Kylo starts to grip your lower thighs that you hear the refresher door start to rattle. You squeal, cowering behind the massive commander in attempt to shield your body. Hux arrives into view with his tailor-made jacket and crisp pants. When he looks up from the hem of his sleeve, he sees only a glimpse of your bare arms. He sighs dramatically before turning around and walking in the opposite direction. "I'll be in the cargo bay," he mutters. As soon as your hear the cargo door slam, Kylo begins to undress with a pleased look on his face. "What is it?" you ask him. "I sometimes wonder if Hux has any experience in that area," he replies, shrugging off the first layer of his armor. "I'm sure he has. He's a good looking man." You take each article of clothing from him and begin to fold it. Kylo stops what he's doing, his hands completely freezing. You don't even notice it until you hear a strange noise in his throat. You lift your chin to find him staring incredulously at you, his eyes concerned but also lit with passion. "What?" you ask. "You think he's attractive?" You shrug your shoulders, busying yourself with folding. "Sure." Kylo narrows his eyes (though you expect to himself). He averts his attention from you and begins to shed more clothing in silence. You sigh heavily, sensing an argument. "What?" Kylo doesn't say anything more on the matter. Instead he begins an entirely new (and more important) subject. "I've spoken with Lieutenant Mitaka," he starts, voice more husky than before. "Most of the Resistance fighters have been eradicated." You nod, abandoning the subject of Hux entirely. "Good. When can we go back?" "In a few days," Kylo replies. He's almost bare now; only his pants to go. "And the troopers? The ones that..." you pause, searching for the correct word but coming up short. "-went ballistic?" "You were right. They were implants, spies. They were all recruited very recently." "How recently?" you ask, watching as he begins to slide off his trousers. You bite your lip, sensing the heat warming in between your thighs. He sighs, pausing to slip off his trousers. "Ever since Ambassador Nona arrived." You freeze. "What?" "She's missing...fled the scene." To say that your heart pounded heavily in your chest was an understatement. Would Snoke think this was your doing? Thousands of versions of your fate begin to play in your head. You seat yourself in the co-pilot's chair, completely ignoring that you were stark naked. "Oh gods," you breathe. Kylo doesn't say anything. He finally slips off his pants and the sight of his thick member makes you twitch. You rub your thighs together in agony, despite the terrible news you've just received. Hormones answer to no one, apparently. You look up at the commander, red rimming your eyes. The sharp, pain from un-shed tears tickle in your nose. "This wasn't my fault," you whimper. Kylo nods. "I know." You sniff and wipe your wet cheeks with the back of a shaky hand. "You believe me?" you ask him, watching him with doe-like eyes. He begins to unfold the trousers draped over his forearm. "Of course I do. You're my wife." Butterflies. They fill your abdomen like soft feathers. Despite the impending disaster, he was here and you knew he would stay. It occurs to you then: Kylo would never let anything happen to you . Before he can pull on the new pair of trousers, you hold up a hand. "Wait a minute," you sniff playfully. You wag a finger towards him and smile softly. "Not yet." The knight smirks devilishly at you. It was half hour before you were finally able to pull on your new dress. The sex was shorter than you'd expected (or used to), but fulfilling. He was softer than usual, most likely because of Hux's obvious presence in the back. He held your hand instead of your hair and mumbled your name in your ear instead of rough descriptions of what he'd do to you. It was pleasant and your whole body felt whole afterwards. Of course, Kylo's hair was now in disarray (as was yours). You comb your fingers through your locks, clenching your teeth when unraveling a snag. When you slip on the gown, Kylo smirks at you (an unexpected and, if you'd be so bold, romantic gesture). You love the way it feels against your hot skin. It sweeps the floor in a perfect fit. "The woman that gave this to me..." you begin. "She said something." Kylo is now dressed in his new garb. "What?" He sits down in the pilot's chair. You inhale, twiddling your thumbs around one another. "She said I had multiples...within me." The commander swallows tightly, his eyes interested but intense. "Do you believe that?" You shrug, arms dropping at your side. "I don't know." He squares his shoulders. "Maybe it's true. Either way, I know you're with child." Your lips begin to curl. "You don't know for sure." "I do," he replies seriously. "I feel it." You chuckle and begin to pick up the rest of his armor on the ground. "You must have super sperm." You shake the clothing free from sand and get some of it in your eye. He doesn't acknowledge the joke. "The Force favors us," he starts. "We will have a son." You shift in your stance, biting your lip; it's becoming a habit. "And what if it's a girl?" Kylo says, "Then she'll be ours." You hug yourself. "You seem to be adamant on a son." He nods, but otherwise still as stone. "I am." You look around the shuttle in attempt to change the subject. You're not sure how you feel about his reply. "Where will we sleep?" you decide on. "There's cots in the cargo hold." "And food?" Kylo groans. "For that we'll have to venture into the city." He says this like he dreads it more than anything in the world. You don't blame him. You hated Mos Eisley and didn't want to spend any time there longer than necessary, but you were starving and night was dawning. Kylo seems to sense this because he shouts Hux's name. It startles you and you jump slightly on your heels. Hux arrives in the doorway, his eyes peculiarly bright. "What is it, Ren?" he spits, but even the tone sounds less harsh. Strange ... You laugh a bit under your breath. "Are you hungry, General?" "I could eat, Ambassador." Notes: Appentence // "An eager desire, an instinctive inclination; an attraction or a natural bond." / Hmm...what's with Hux? Chapter 21 : ♡ UPDATE ♡ Hello my lovely friends! Just wanted to update you on my life at the moment. I'm NOT quitting LOR I just need to find inspiration to continue it. I refuse to give up on this story because it means a lot to me and I know it does to you too. I received a comment from Morgan asking if I was okay! I am! I promise I'm not dead or anything, just super busy. My position as EIC has taken up all of my writing energy so I've been experimenting with other forms of art lately (just to dull the ache). Thank you guys so much for reading. I actually have the next chapter written but haven't found enough time to edit and post it. I'll be posting again very soon - promise. If you guys want to follow me on social media (just to check if I'm alive. LOL.) here's some links: + Twitter (on this the most) + Pintrest (third) + Tumblr (tumblr has been boring me lately so i'm on it the least) + Instagram (second) ♡ I adore each and every one of you ♡