Beginning The day came more quickly than you wanted, the need to face the future pushing you towards awareness.. And for a fleeting moment- in the hazy, blurred seconds between sleep and wakefulness, you were still happy. You thought he was with you. His thick scent and the ruffled sleeves of his shirt wrapped around you so soothingly. You opened your eyes, half expected to find him already awake- watching you with a gentle, unreadable expression. But you opened your eyes and only saw that Kylo was gone. The memory plunged through your chest, made you feel heavy in the sheets. Worse still, you felt it- no, not just the lingering grogginess of sleeping too long and the lost remnants of a pleasant dream, but them. Two strange new presences that stood out to you like flares in the black void of the universe. Unfamiliar, both of them. One so pitch black you shivered- the other lighter, nearly the same shade you'd associate with your own mind. But something else too- a strange flickering sense of- you squinted as though that could help, tried to label the strange new level of perception-- of color along their signatures. The dark one was, perhaps, blue- and rough. Jagged at the edges and torn, bleeding into the area around him. The lighter one was- was tinged with... purple. And faded, blending into the bluer Force signature. And they were close. Too close, but not on board yet. Could they feel you too? They must- if you were still as untrained in the Force as you felt, then surely they should've sensed you long before you woke. Did your own signature have a color associated- and, was that normal, or were you just hallucinating? You couldn’t tell. You sniffed, rubbed at your face.You couldn’t keep lying in bed. You had a new day to start- that's all you could do, really. Get ready and meet you new master and the accompanying Knight. You pulled on fresh robes, hesitantly selecting the thicker armor you had worn on Jakku. A good impression was vital to this- you were fairly sure. Being Kylo Ren's apprentice surely carried a bit of a weight to the title and you had to at least try to live up to that, even if you didn’t feel up to par. Of course, not up to par was an understatement. You felt weak and small next to Kylo, couldn’t even comprehend the power and foresight needed to stop a blaster rifle’s bolt. Anxiety pricked at your stomach- you didn’t even know who would be training you, they wouldn’t have any emotional attachment to you. You swallowed hard and sat at the edge of your bed, tried to calm yourself. You ignored the two new, strange signatures and instead reached blindly through the ship for anything comforting that you could wrap your mind around. Hux was close enough nearby you found him nearly immediately. You slid against his mind- Hux’s thoughts were orderly and familiar, buzzing through his routines and preparing to meet the two Knights in the bay. An underlying touch of static beneath his near pristine thoughts. You frowned, pressed a touch harder into his mind- and he was anxious. Horribly so. His gloves creaking as he raked this fingernails against his palm- the leather protesting, his legs itching to pace along the corridor next to the hangar bay. You picked up something about a meeting with Snoke- you grimaced, fell away from his mind. Of course. Hux had believed he would be executed for his part of the failure at Starkiller. You’d already lost your mentor and lover, and now one of the few people on the ship you had any sort of familiarity with. You didn't call a droid for Kylo's clothes yet. You left his rumpled shirt in your bed, spread out over his pillow. If today was going to go as you expected- or even better, even the best possible outcome for this day- you would need his presence with you. No matter what form that comfort took. If he couldn't hold you, then you'd just have to make due. All you had to do was survive the next few weeks, and if holding a shirt helped you- who could argue? You stood silently next to the hangar’s doors, stared at the void of space and the already mostly-repaired TIE Fighters along the walls. You only paid attention when the alarm sounded that a ship was docking. The shuttle the two Knights arrived in wasn't a standard Order model. Sharp like most Imperial designs, but different- smoother and sleeker than any models that immediately came to mind. Probably Xeni's personal craft, you suspected, if Enki was not a pilot. You tried to keep your mind steady as the unfamiliar craft landed in the shuttle bay, its engines venting gently from the top of the slick, slightly rounded cockpit. You couldn't gauge their emotional responses- just their presence. Figures, at least- that they would keep themselves guarded for the moment. Were your shields strong enough to keep your own emotional broadcasting tapped out, or was it only your direct thoughts that were being protected? You hadn’t tested that enough with Kylo. Even if they knew what you were feeling, so long as they stayed well away from the bits of memories you had tucked away (in bits of languages, the phrases for astrological travel in traditional Quarren) then you should be okay. You shook your head, flexed your fingers carefully, stole a glance at Hux. His anxiety about the Knights had returned, louder now- not that you could blame him... but there was something else in his mind. Swirling and half-hidden under his active thoughts. The ramp lowered and you forced yourself to look to the ship once more. Your breath caught in your throat at the first sight of them. Their masks were, indeed, similar to Kylo's. Sharp-edged around the back like Kylo’s and their outfits mostly black, but aside from that- there was little unifying trend. The taller, broader Knight stomped down the ramp, their gait initially reminding you of Kylo's- all power and control and just barely suppressed rage. This was the one with the dark, ragged (blue?) signature. Their robes were not the same as yours; their massive, nearly dragging surcoat only draped over their shoulders, not a single tie in sight, and barely caught on the back of their helmet. Under their surcoat were more, wrapping robes. The helmet itself was shaped like a distorted skull was all you could compare it to- even somewhat like the remains of Vader's mask, but nearly diamond in shape, like the cheek bones were stretched out. They looked to you, then to the General, and said nothing; their response not giving the tiniest shred of an impression. The smaller Knight exited then, their hands tucked into pockets of their own surcoat. Theirs was stiffer, made of a thicker material and shaped more like yours and Kylo's. It wasn’t held in place by a belt, but rather clipped along their chest, allowing the coat to hang slightly askew off their body. Their mask was- strange. An obvious slit for a visor, but below it an array of marked squares in place of a mouth. It seemed larger on their shoulders than it should, taller than you would expect. The smaller (the purple one, you think) Knight approached you and Hux first. All at once, their shielding dropped away, sort of. Their emotional response flooded your mind; a low irritation, mostly intrigued at their new post, a strong sense of curiosity. They turned away from you, nearly spinning on their booted heel. "So, General Hux, you've been briefed of our business here?" You blinked, canted your head. The Knight’s voice was unusual, melodic and lilting- clear despite speaking through their mask and, implicitly, a vocoder. From their pitch, you had no doubt that this Knight was a woman. This- was Xeni Ren. Your new teacher. Hux's hackles rose immediately, "Of course. Xeni Ren will be taking the place of Kylo in his absence, and Enki will be taken to a rendezvous with the Hunter." And- something shifted uneasily in your belly. Xeni laughed. The noise wrong and unnatural through whatever filter was on her mask, made stranger by the off-key amusement rolling off her emotional response. "No need to be so formal, General! I’m Xeni. Now, are there quarters ready for us?" "Yes, 30106 and 30107 in the officers’ quarters sector have both been designated for your use." Your heart constricted for a moment- those were just down the hall from your quarters. There’d be no privacy for you- no escape from their inevitable prying. Would you have to guard your mind at all times…? "Great!” At least her joy felt genuine. “I’ll need a tour of your ship. Unless you have other matters to oversee?" Hux wanted to object, a twinge of annoyance falling from his mind. He reminded himself, somewhat bitterly, that Xeni would be taking Kylo’s role in more than just your new master- she would also be the co-commander of the ship. He swallowed back his objection- driven to hold his tongue for whatever possibility of a future he still had. “Of course, Lady Ren.” Her strange, squared face turned to you, the first time she had addressed you since they had arrived. “What training room did Kylo have you use?” You had expected that at least. You forced your voice to be level as you responded: “Room 135, on dorn deck.” “Good. Meet us there in, oh, three hours?” She glanced towards Hux as though to seek confirmation that this was an appropriate estimate. When he didn’t correct her, she continued. “Shall we go?” Hux met your eyes briefly, something like a mutated camaraderie coming from his response. “Yes, let’s start with the bridge.” Xeni and Hux walked by you towards the door- focused solely on the exploration of the Finalizer . Enki- your heart skipped a beat- Enki passed by you, his horrific skull mask turned to stare at you as he walked. His mask swiveled back to stare ahead of him, the blast door closing swiftly behind him. And you were left alone. Anxiety pulled at your body, made you tremble even as you returned to your quarters. Had you been this nervous the first time you had trained with Kylo? It was hard to remember. You took a quick shower in an attempt to force yourself to calm down, to at least feel physically fresh before you entered your chosen training room. You were early, at least, and you would have enough time to try and settle your mind. You removed your outer robes and laid them along the wall with your boots. You felt your fingers shaking as you sat on the thickly padded floor. Meditation did not come easy- your mind too tightly wound to let go. Your stomach flipped unhappily, even as you tried to argue yourself into relaxation-- Worrying now would not help; Xeni and Enki would do as they pleased without unnecessary anxiety to make you shake and stutter! You breathed in deeply- and imagined Kylo. Imagined that, somewhere, Kylo was meditating too. Imagined him sitting next to you- his calming, dark, heavy presence washing over your mind. You sighed, let the tension leave your shoulders as though he were rubbing them. A calm determination took root then; you had to survive these eight weeks. You would be competent- strong, even. You wouldn’t let this be the end of you- or of him. You let this thought bind your fraying edges together, let it wrap around your spine and support you. You held onto the thought as tight as you could- felt your fingernails bite into your palms as the doors to the training room opened. The two Knights stepped into the room and at once you felt somehow relieved- Xeni’s emotional response was open, unguarded-- unlike Enki’s, still tightly sealed away, hardly even a sense of his well being. It was unnerving- felt too similarly to how Kylo had hid himself from you. You stood slowly, stared at the unseeing visor of Xeni’s mask. How were you supposed to greet her? You had hardly spoken to each other yet. “You’re not what I had expected,” Xeni spoke with her strange voice, stepping towards you. Enki moved away, towards one corner of the room of the training room and leaned casually against the wall. You paused, somewhat confused- and ventured, “Thank you?” She laughed again, let her enjoyment wash over you, the feeling lined with condescension. You felt your brow tighten, struggled not to let your distrust show too brightly in your own response. “Kylo wasn’t very clear on the progress of your training,” Xeni said as she walked towards your coat and boots against the wall. There was something was definitely wrong with her voice- like it didn’t move with her as she faced away from you, probably staring at your discarded robes. “How far along are you? Can you move things yet?” She wasn’t human, Kylo had mentioned that, but you’d never heard of a nonhumans’ voice being so… strange. “Yes, but I don’t think I’m very good at it yet.” He heard tilted and she looked over her shoulder at you. “Can you predict moves in a fight?” You blinked, “I- don’t think so. We didn’t spar often- mostly it was just, um…” You shrugged, struggled to categorize your relevant training. “More mental training than physical, I think.” Xeni hummed and began undoing the ties to her surcoat along her sternum. “Can you influence people?” You watched her lay her outer layer of her armor to the right of yours along the same wall. She stepped on the heel of one boot and pulled it off, revealed a black-socked foot that looked almost human in shape. “I’ve never tried,” “Then, let’s start---” “Xeni.” You jumped, turned to stare at the other Knight as he stepped closer, away from his little perch in the corner. Enki’s skull-like mask stared back at you, the seemingly empty holes of eyes piercing through you. Your stomach flipped, your body frozen in place. Enki’s voice was deep, heavily modulated and thick with static from his vocoder: “You will spar with them.” “But I,” You started to protest- swallowed, wished to recall those two simple words. You glanced between them. Xeni crossed her arms, annoyance obvious even without access to her emotional response. The irritation you had felt in the hangar bay suddenly restored: “There a particular reason why, Enki?” “You should assess this supposed Apprentices’ abilities first hand. Physical and mental.” You frowned sharply, bit your tongue before you could snap at him. Supposed apprentice? What does that even mean- why the fuck would you or Kylo lie about that? Xeni paused- you felt her considering it. She sighed and your heart dropped in your chest. “I suppose,” Her voice turned sharp- “but I don’t appreciate you interfering with my apprentice’s training.” You shivered, prayed that Enki wasn’t actually as violent as you had heard. Or at least that he wouldn’t outright attack you- or Xeni. Or hopefully anyone else on the ship before he leaves. Xeni’s hands lifted- and caught the releases to her mask. The seal broke and, like Kylo’s mask, the mouthpiece lifted away. At first- you only noticed that her helmet was larger and taller than you had expected-- and three long, striped headtails fell from the black durasteel. Right. Togruta. She placed her mask on the ground next to her coats, adjusted her lekku so that all three lay behind her shoulders, and turned towards you. You blinked- shocked by the difference between her inhuman mask and, well, her equally inhuman face. Her skin was nearly colorless, a light blue-gray. Her face was marked with an intricate design in white- sharp angles in a line along her brow. Her mouth- you flinched- had a large scar over the center. Ragged lines, crossing just off-center to form an “X” over her lips. She grinned widely, an obvious strike of amusement coming from her as you watched the scars stretch. She enjoyed this- that much was obvious from her mind; you were not the first person to be uncomfortable around her and you doubted you would be the last. Her eyes, a golden yellow-orange, glittered with mischief. Her lips, pulled taut in her smile, did not move. “You were in the Order, right? Were you trained before joining us?” You felt your mouth drop open, stared at her- that, was wrong. What in the fucking stars-- had you- blinked and missed it? Did Togrutas did not speak with their mouth…? No. Again her lips did not move: “How much combat training do you have?” You spoke without thinking, “How are you talking?” Her smile widened, one corner of her mouth pulling up. “I speak through the Force. How much combat training do you have?” You opened your mouth to ask again- but stopped, pursed your lips. From the continued amusement off her mind, she’d probably only answer with something just as cryptic as I speak through the Force . Which- didn’t make a lot of sense. You’d spoken with Kylo using the Force, directly into each other's minds-- that was not how Xeni sounded. No, her voice sounded... not immediately in your head- like it had originated elsewhere. You frowned, tried to file the thought away for another time. “Not much. Some before I became a translator for the Order- just to work on a wartime ship. That was mostly with blasters. Some with Kylo, that was more melee based.” Xeni’s head tilted as the thought, her hands resting on her hips. “Do you have a weapon yet?” “Oh,” You swallowed, thought of your vision of a battlefield- “No, I… I think I am going to make a lightsaber.” You paused, blinked, “I actually don’t have any training with a sword,” Xeni huffed a laugh- sort of. Her nose looked like it flared with an exhale, at least. “Okay. Let’s start easy, shall we? Basic hand-to-hand.” You flushed, dropped your head. You’d certainly have a few new marks after today. “Yeah.” Xeni approached you and you willed yourself to relax, to remember what little you could of self-defense. Kylo’s physical training was minimal- how to stand, what to hit with, what to protect. Even so, you pulled what you could and lowered your stance, tucked your elbows in, and raised your hands. Xeni nodded, her strange voice confirming: “Good. Now, hit me.” This... was not going to go well, you already knew. But you had to try, didn’t you? You swallowed, balanced your weight between your feet. The neck was a soft spot wasn’t it? At least on humans- Togrutas were similar enough to humans weren’t they? You waited for a moment, for the right timing- and tried to hit her throat- And she moved first: half a step to the left-- her hand catching your wrist, the other grabbing your shoulder and she stepped closer- her leg between yours (what?) and she pushed you. You tried to stumble back, flailing your arms uselessly, but your leg caught on her foot, acting as a pivot- and you’re too far off balance- Your back hit the floor, the wind knocked from your chest. You managed a soft, “Oh.” Xeni sighed and you fought to get back to your feet. “I suppose you could be worse. Here, try again.” You got back into position. Maybe you just needed the warm-up, you could do better. This time, you aimed for her chest, the center of her ribcage, a weak spot in most humanoids. Again- she knocked your strike away with her forearm, your momentum carrying you towards her. And her free arm shot up- a strangled cry escaping your mouth as her gloved hand curled around your throat. A touch of conditioned arousal tried to poke its way into your mind and was quickly smothered by the actual threat of actual bodily harm. Instinct, not training, made you grab at her wrist and struggle. You had just enough thought to bring your knee up against her unprotected ribs; Xeni flinched only slightly. Still, the tiny squinting of her eyes was rewarding enough to make you want to shout. Her fingers tightened for a moment- and she stepped away. Your hands fell to your knees, bent at the waist, breathing heavily and delicately touching your throat. Xeni hummed, relaxed, and rocked on her feet. “We’ll have to work on that.” You huffed and nodded, already aware of your own shortcomings. “How are your mental defenses then?” You barely had time to blink up at her- saw her hand stretched towards you, the first tendril of her gray-purple signature snaking towards you. Your pinched your eyes closed, slammed your shielding up. Her probe was- saturated, that’s all you could think of. Strong and potent in her intentions, you felt her fight through your shielding as you struggled to keep her out. You pressed your own power back against her intruding tendril and- Her thoughts sharpened. Just as Kylo’s had- a tiny blade that pierced through your barriers like an arrow. She passed through each wave of resistance you gave, but each slowed her, forced her to redirect, and finally you even pushed her back- and she withdrew. You fell backwards onto the mat, a headache pounding in your skull. Her hand fell back to her side, her face nor response (what little you could still decipher past the throbbing headache) gave any clue of her own distress. “Huh. You’re not too bad at that.” Her not-voice only made the pain spike, needles pressing behind your temples. You rubbed at your eyes, tried to will the pain away. “That’ll be all for today.” You blinked up at her, flinched at the sudden overpowering brightness of the lighting in the training room. A wave of displease echoed from the corner- Enki’s thick arms crossed over his chest- his long robe hanging strangely off his forearms. It was the only emotion you picked up from him as his shielding slid back into place. Xeni ignored him. “Be here at the same time tomorrow. We’re going to talk about hitting people. And weapons.” She paused, tapped her chin thoughtfully- “And then test your persuasion abilities.” You nodded breathlessly, felt a bead of sweat roll down your brow. Xeni turned away from you and gathered her robes. You watched her put her helmet back on- how her headtails tucked up against her skull. She carried her robes out over her arm. Enki paused in the doorway to stare at you- just as he had in the hangar bay- Your chest constricted- you stared back at his mask, tried to read anything from his response. There was nothing, of course. Complete silence. Then he, too, left. You sat on the floor of the training room for a few minutes trying to catch your breath. You immediately turned down the lights in your quarters and stumbled to the bedroom. Your headache refused to relent, determined to make you as miserable as possible. You laid down on your bed, barely having the energy to kick your heavy boots off and let them flop to the floor. Kylo’s shirt still laid over his pillow, just as you had left it, untouched by service droids or any living being who would dare to intrude on Commander Ren's quarters. One dark sleeve stretched towards you- flat and lifeless- but towards your own pillow nonetheless. You laid a hand over the thick ridges and closed your eyes, a heavy sigh pulled from your lips. You wished to reach for him, to see if you could feel him at all- but the next pulsating throb from your headache quieted that thought. Perhaps the next day you would be able to reach for him from across the stars. Even if you couldn't, the solemn vow that you would make it through this was still strong. You made it through the first day, after all. You were already one step closer to being next to him again. Chapter 2 : Passage [Explicit] Summary: Two weeks; your training continues. Notes: Contains : Training! Dreams! You get to know more about the mysterious and mean Enki Ren! Smut! and Angst! Lots of Angst! Some violence against Reader (bc training) and some Force violence against Reader (bc assholes). He whispers to you, his voice molten chromium pouring hot through your mind, wordless- you reach for him and his fingertips brush over yours, a fleeting little touch that could never be enough. He needs you so bad it pulls the air from your lungs. He aches for you and it’s a pain he’s never known before, something so strange new to him- something that only belongs to you. He wants to be with you. He’s never needed anyone before. For you he might just learn. His lips move so slowly, parting so carefully you can watch where the dried, bitten skin sticks together. He tries to tell to you. You can already feel it through your bond, vivid and real. But he wants to tell you. His voice warms again and- A cold, grating rasp against your ears; gnarled, white fingers appearing through the darkness- massive beyond Kylo’s retreating form. You try to shake yourself awake- you're dreaming you whisper. The hands encroach upon you, an icy aura pouring from them. They curl around you, each finger as thick as your leg and each joint swollen and knotted. They force their chill inside and squeeze. You writhe in their grasp, unable to get your arms free as the pressure builds in your chest, fighting to to inhale. You jerked upright in bed. Your hands grabbed at your throat on instinct- nothing there. You panted, struggled to catch your breath and right yourself in the world. You shivered, noted that you had kicked your blankets off in your sleep. To anyone else, that might've been the source of frozen hands gripping them- But you couldn't really pretend that was all that had caused such a dream. Perhaps you should be concerned, really. The dreams were starting to feel real now- even if they did not feel like visions. No, the few visions you’d had felt like trying to grab smoke- something strange and mystical even as you were in them. These, the ones with Kylo in particular, these felt real. Like you could actually touch his mind halfway across the galaxy or that your fingers had brushed for just a moment. You sighed, glanced to your chronometer- glowing bright blue into the otherwise dark room. Your dream had woken you up early it seems, but not by too much. You stretched languidly in bed before standing and half-sleepily stumbling towards the ‘fresher. You paused in front of the mirror as you began to strip off your sleep clothes. The Kylo's marks on your skin were fading and changing with each cycle, every time you looked in a mirror the dark spots along your throat faded from the dark red-purple of broken blood vessels to yellow-green and finally disappearing altogether. Only a few remained truly visible- a particularly dark mark on the right side of your jaw, which you could remember Kylo biting so hard you were surprised he hadn't drawn blood. Kylo's fingerprints along your hips and thighs still lingered, healing slowly. They still stung when Xeni struck them and she did strike them, purposefully- if to drive up your pain tolerance or just because she could, you weren’t sure. But they, too, were beginning to disappear- the exact lines of his fingers dispersed into larger near-circular patches of reds and greens. You could still lay your hand over them and feel how he had held you. But not all your marks were fading. New ones had blossomed beautifully across your forearms with every defensive block you managed- and some from the strikes you didn’t block. You tongued at your lips and felt the loosely healed skin over the split lip you’d gotten from her force pike three days ago. Xeni hadn’t shown any hesitation despite the blood dripping from your face- not even whisper of remorse from her response. If anything it only made her excited, more eager to continue. You had little choice but to lick your lip, grab your sword, and get back to your feet. You learned that lesson quickly. You almost wanted to laugh as you turned on the shower. The realization came all at once: It’d been two weeks. Two long weeks of training and paranoid guarding of your and Kylo's secrets, and yet- it had nearly been fast. Or at the very least, exhausting. A fourth of the way to seeing Kylo again and better: today you would be leaving Enki Ren on another Star Destroyer, destined for the outer rim. Enki had proved to continue to be a strange creature. You saw him little and he spoke even less, only stared at you with an invisible, predatory intention. He still never opened his mind to you, not enough to get a feel for his emotional response anyway. The only thing you could tell was how carefully guarded he kept his mind and the stern, unwavering disdain he held for you and, most likely, your Master. The Finalizer , however, had been reassigned: in the fall of the New Republic, the First Order was to take any planet that would bow before their banner. Set up new outposts and supply chains, strengthen their hold on the territory. And most importantly: make it profitable. With the loss of Starkiller, there was a lot of ground to recover. Not really the side of business that the Finalizer was equipped to deal with, but you thought, perhaps, it would be nice to be planetside again. Maybe going to some meeting and, and- mind tricking someone into a business deal that would benefit the Order. You let your shower run long to make up for the extra time before you really had to go. When your alarm went off in the bedroom anyway, you toweled off with little enthusiasm. You changed into a fresh training undersuit, only bothering to pull a surcoat on by habit. Xeni and Enki would be waiting for you. You weren’t sure if you were more alarmed or relieved when you arrived at your training room. Instead of two large, shadowy figures waiting for you, only Xeni leaned on the far wall; Enki was nowhere to be found. Well- of course that wasn’t entirely true, if you reached towards his dark signature you could feel he was still up in the officers’ quarters, in his own room. Perhaps he was taking a sick day. Or meditating on how creepy and unnecessarily violent he was. His attempts to control your training did not stop after the first day; he lingered in the corner of the room and judged each movement you made. Without him here, perhaps you would be more relaxed and receptive to Xeni’s teaching. Instead, you wound up in situations that resulted in your split lip and the new drips of blood on the floor. Her methods were different than Kylo’s- for a multitude of reasons. Your body still ached for Kylo’s training that ended you fucking on the training room floor- but Xeni’s teachings weren’t so based on success or failure. Rather, the gradual increase in skill, and as much as you hated to admit it, you’d grown in the last two weeks. Even if you were uncomfortable with Xeni, she had a knack for teaching. Kylo’s training had shown you how to access the Force, to sense it around you- but Xeni was teaching you how to use it, especially in a fight. And when you saw the now familiar durasteel blade waiting on a table along the far wall, you knew that would be what you were working on today. “Morning,” Xeni greeted in her odd way- her not-voice almost, but not quite, becoming normal in your exposure to her. She still hadn’t bothered to explain how or why she did it. You had several theories- but with a Knight you weren't sure what was the truth. “Good morning,” You responded and began to slide through what had become routine: removing your outer robes, stretching, and preparing your mind for the day's lesson. Xeni never removed more than her outermost layer, never showed more of her body than her head. You pulled at your shoulders and bent at the waist, hoping your spars today wouldn't be so bloody. At least not on your side. “Training’ll be short today,” Xeni said, leaned against the wall and picked at something at the end of her weapon. A force pike, she’d told you, a weapon the old Imperial Guards used. You didn’t really want to ask where she got it. Considering Kylo had somehow recovered Darth Vader's mask, you couldn't really see having a weapon only thirty years out of date as being too ridiculous. Traditionally, they had an electrified, vibro-bladed head. Xeni’s pike was modified to have a slightly longer blade that curved around the pole. When you asked why, she told you the original force pikes were mostly ceremonial- "-or for torture," She had responded with a far-off grin. Not real combat use-- stabbing weapons were not particularly helpful if your enemy knew you were coming. A bladed side allowed at least some use as a slashing weapon. "Is something wrong?” You picked up the blade that was becoming familiar. It was much heavier than your lightsaber would be, considering the plasma blade would be completely weightless. But you had to start with something, after all, and it wasn't as if there were training sabers stocked on an Imperial revivalist ship. Xeni gave her sickening, not quite right laugh. “Hah, no, the Hunter was arriving later today. Thought you might want to celebrate Enki’s cancelled departure.” Your heart dropped. Xeni tapped the end of her pike on the floor. “And I thought you might want to start considering the parts for your weapon.” “Cancelled?” “Yeah. Some Resistance assholes managed to damage the Hunter's life support systems, so we get to bask in his so amicable glory while it’s getting repaired.” Xeni sighed- the action closest to actual speech as she comes, her breath actually exhaled forcefully. The pike spun effortlessly between her gloved fingers, as though it were a pen. “I think he’s talking with the Acting-General or whoever about it. ” You frowned, but nodded. At least that explained why Enki was not here; General Torosian is probably complaining about the ridiculous and extraneous nature of Enki’s cape. You cringed, hoped Torosian wasn’t too rude about anything. There’d already been two curious and bloody deaths that Enki had- from what Xeni had told you- simply shrugged and said they had been disrespectful . Kylo had been violent, but at least actual deaths had been rare. At least so far he’d mostly avoided you outside of your training with Xeni. Just stared at you and made rude remarks to Xeni. You chewed on your cheek for a moment and pushed Enki away from your mind. You'd just have to deal with him later. Maybe you could commiserate with Hux. You balanced the sword for a moment, carefully curling your hands into the correct placement. You flexed your fingers around the hard hilt experimentally, rolled your shoulders. Raising the blade, You signaled for Xeni that you were ready to begin. Your straightforward spars were less about weapons’ technique- and more about something else. After all, Xeni used a pike and had admitted that she'd never had a taste for lightsabers or swords in general. You would have to rely on your Master for that . But she did have something very valuable to teach you: with the Force, one could predict their opponent’s movements. Your slow learning of that skill was what resulted in the split lip that still stung- you licked at it instinctively. Even with Xeni’s weapon off entirely, it still hurt when you missed. Xeni stepped towards you, raised her pike so it was level with her chest. “Focus on me, not just the blade.” You nodded once and her pike fell away, back to her readied stance. Mostly likely you’d leave here with more bruises than sudden insights into the Force as you had several times before, but you had to try. And supposedly, this sort of trial-and-error was the only way to learn it. You exhaled slowly and closed your eyes, fought to feel the power deep inside you and to- reach towards Xeni and her pike. You could nearly see her in that strange not-seeing way; her purple-gray presence in front of you, a thinner line passing past her arm, her power channeling into her weapon, becoming a literal extension of herself. You opened your eyes again- and nodded. You held your weapon stiffly and waited for Xeni’s first move. The Knight’s orange eyes danced across your body- checking your stance, you suspected- and stepped towards your left. You narrowed your eyes, shifted your sword in your hands- and she swiped her pike low. You tried to catch her blade with yours- but your reaction was too slow; the blunted tip of her pike crashed against the side of your knee hard enough to make you crumple. Pain whined from your tendons and kneecap. You seethed, pressed hard against the aching joint. At least the damn thing was off, you reminded yourself. “Better, but not quite.” Xeni mindlessly spun her pike in her hand, the tip creating a soft little whistle as it passed. She circled around you- quiet except for the sound of her boots on the floor. With a shaking exhale, you forced yourself to stand again. Your knee protested, but you forced it to be silent. This time, as soon as you nodded to continue, Xeni didn’t hesitate to pick a place to attack. Before you could slide out of the way, she struck at your shoulder; the thin point stabbing deep just below your right clavicle. You swore and stumbled away from the point, grabbing at your screaming shoulder. That one would definitely bruise. Xeni hummed- a condescending smile dancing across her face, the scars on her lips deforming. Something hot and dark suddenly welled up inside you; angry with Xeni, but furious with yourself for not improving. The darkness spread from your sternum out to your fingertips and you rubbed them against the hilt of your sword. You were Kylo’s apprentice, you grit your teeth, that had to mean something. You exhaled hard through your nose and forced yourself to raise your sword again, despite your aching shoulder and knee’s complaints. You had to do this. Just once. Just once today, you had to block her. You grit your teeth and nodded again. Xeni gave you a slight pause- something playful and lilting from her emotional response. Surely she felt your frustration now- she was not kind and seeing you weak only made her want to knock you down more. Her grin returned- she struck. and you stepped back. Just out of range, letting the end of her pike whistle through the air as she swung. The blow that had been meant for your side, met nothing- you hadn’t even felt the blade snag on your shirt. You blinked in shock, just barely having enough time to consider that you had managed to evade for the first time today before Xeni was trying again. This time, the front edge of her pike was aimed for your hip- you swiveled, danced off to her right. Before you could even think of striking, her pike was back in both hands. But then: you saw it coming. Different from the others, not just the dark, determined strings pulling your body to evade as needed. No, you felt it. How Xeni’s arms were moving, felt where her blade was and where it would be. You could see it. Your arms moved without thinking, your blade swinging up and to the left- a sharp clack of your sword meeting the blunted head of her pike, and blocked the strike meant for your arm. You blinked at the meeting point of your weapons, acutely aware that in a real fight Xeni could overpower you on physical force alone. And yet- you met Xeni’s eyes, stared at her and dared her to question this. A soft sheen of sweat beaded on Xeni’s gray forehead; her speechless, scarred lips open and panting. Her own manic grin had faded away though, you think, you had one now. The sound of her breath was odd coming from her otherwise silent mouth- the only noise in the room was of your combined breathing. She gave you a moment’s pause, the slightest hint of an approving smile pulling at one corner of her mouth- before she withdrew her pike and started again. This time, she skirted off to the side, out of range of your sword's blade and stabbed towards you with the length of hers. You felt this action, too. Her pike came directly at you this time, level and aimed for your chest. You swung your heavy steel sword and caught the shaft of her weapon, behind the head- and you kept swinging, following through with the motion- and pushing the attack away from you. With her unfaltering grip on her weapon Xeni nearly stumbled, nearly fell with her pike as you pushed it away. Excited adrenaline raced through your veins- the first time you had been in control of any fight with your Master. You couldn’t waste it. And you- you felt the pull of the Force through your arms. Something dark and winding through your muscles- and you let it guide you. As Xeni moved with your initial strike, you stopped and reversed the direction- letting go of her weapon and nearly level with her exposed neck. For the tiny tug of power that lead you to redirect your weapon- both in blocking her and attacking, it was nothing compared to the sudden flood of Xeni’s influence. She stopped your blade a foot short of cutting through her black-throated robes. Her power was overwhelming, cold and chilling as it traveled up from your blade and froze your arm in place. You thought of the freezing hands and shuddered, tightened your grip on the hilt of your sword. You fought to pull away from Xeni's chosen position on instinct- and were just as shocked that you were partially successful. Your arms jerked towards yourself an inch, briefly unraveled from Xeni’s Force-grip. That in itself was near unbelievable. You’d never gotten much power over Kylo’s holds. Xeni stepped out your blade's range and released your arm, which dropped heavily. You rubbed at your sore shoulder. She nodded and, slowly, and lowered her pike. The corner of her lips twitched up- just for a moment. “Good.” Approval. Or, the closest thing to it that you had never received from her otherwise quite aloof persona. You couldn’t help the swelling of pride in your chest, really. “Now, the Master’s more suited to help with this, but let’s talk about your weapon.” Xeni said, wiping away the sweat from her dark brow- circling around towards her robes. She pushed her dark clothes aside to dig out an object, her voice not shifting with the distance. “They’re a pretty rare choice- especially ‘cause they were outlawed under the Empire. The crystals that power them are the real bitch to get, everything else can be made or bought or modified.” You nodded- thinking about it already. You knew well enough that crystals had to be grown or synthesized. You hadn’t actually thought to ask where Kylo had gotten his saber’s crystal and if that would be the easiest method. Xeni turned back towards you-- and carried an old book with her. She offered it to you- and you very carefully took it from her. You hoped your mouth wasn’t hanging open too obscenely. The bindings were in rough shape, but it seemed solid enough despite being ancient technology. “There’s old writing in there about how to make sure it doesn’t blow up immediately. How to test it safely and whatnot.” Your gaze flicked back up to Xeni’s as she winked, her orange eyes twinkling playfully. “Obviously Kylo skipped that section, but you might want it.” You shifted the book and examined it in awe, so beyond confused on why it existed at all. “What is it?” Xeni shrugged, “The old Jedi Order stifled anyone who thought of the Force in a different way. The Empire wasn’t any kinder, even if it wasn’t as long-lived. Data files can be traced so,” She motioned vaguely towards the book in your hands. “They figured out another way to share information.” You eased open the hard cover. There was no title or author listed- the first page in carefully printed Baa’ri and you nearly laughed - the words sliding easily through your memory despite the weeks without proper use. Before you was some rogue’s guide to the totality of the Force. And as you stroked your fingers along the front page, following one line to the next- you felt… connected. Empowered by something- and beyond that, you could almost feel Kylo in the pages of this book. Could almost see him: younger, his hair tied back and showing his large ears, pouring over the very same book. "Anyway, read over the part about lightsabers." Xeni didn’t wait a moment longer, already replacing her helmet- from behind you had an excellent view as the edge of her helmet closed around the protrusions of her lekku to seal against her neck. She pulled her robes over her shoulders and made some vague hand gesture as she left. You blinked and looked down at the book in your hand. It all felt so surreal. Stars! You hadn’t even had any clue that a book like this existed- how many had been printed? Even if Enki was to stay a while longer, this made you feel so giddy you wanted to skip back to your quarters. You didn’t, of course, but you did walk leisurely, taking your time to wander back to Kylo’s room- occasionally stroking over the roughened edge of the book’s spine. This would give you such an excellent place to start. Maybe even a location of a crystal mine, if you were lucky. Engineering of plasma-based weaponry wasn't exactly your specialty- but all of the Jedi and Sith before you had managed to learn. It couldn't be too difficult, then. As the lift brought you back to your floor, you could already sense them: Xeni and Enki were both already here, likely in their own quarters. Enki’s meeting with the General must’ve already ended (you hoped Torosian was alright- perhaps you’d seek him out later to be sure). Hux’s door, however, was closed and you couldn’t not feel him inside his room- only Millicent who was curled up on Hux's bed, purring softly. You had expected that at least; Snoke’s punishment was astoundingly merciful compared to Hux’s expected execution. Hux was technically demoted while Brigadier General Torosian took control of the ship. Hux was meanwhile reassigned to plan to recover from the losses at Starkiller, namely designing and planning for the new base. Mostly it left him in his office for even more ridiculously long hours than before, returning to his quarters only to feed Millicent and get his nightly three hours of sleep. You weren’t entirely sure what to make of that, honestly. Hux had a relative slap on the wrist next to- you swallowed, your good mood quieting. What little you knew of Kylo’s training was unpleasant at best. You shook your head and pushed the thought from your mind. You had a book to study- something that made you feel close to him somehow. You needed to work with that- one of the few good things you'd had in the last two weeks. You rubbed at the worn spine again and entered the passcode to Kylo’s quarters. You realized something wasn’t quite right before the bulkhead even hissed open. Your adrenaline spiking, senses sharpening in the danger. The door opened to an empty room, the sitting area undisturbed- but you could feel him. Enki’s dark, jagged signature was not down the hallway in his quarters: he was in yours . You willed your shielding up, a wary anger building your shields' strength as you carefully stepped into your rooms. Your arms curled tighter around the book as though it, too, were a shield. After all, you had no other weapon on you- and in truth, you didn’t know what Enki used to fight with. You chewed on your lip, tried to recall you training- keeping your weight carefully balanced as you eased through the space. You peered through the doorway to your bedroom- and you saw him. His large bulk standing at the doorframe to Kylo’s sanctuary- the door wide open. Just standing there, staring, probably as shocked. Your breath caught in your throat- and Enki’s skull mask whipped towards you. Your rage poured through you- braced you just enough to watch his gloved hand rise. His murky blue power rocketed towards your mind. You dropped the book and held your hands up- focused. You caught him head-on, the spearhead of your anger diverting him away, even if you felt like you'd been pushed back several feet. You wanted to rejoice even as he tried again. Enki’s probing wasn’t as skilled as Kylo, did not have the delicate control Kylo wielded- Enki’s power was savage, untamed entirely, like swinging a hammer. And yet- quick, hard to catch as he slammed against your shielding. Even when you did seem to grab at him to grapple him away from your mind- he slipped through your figurative fingers like a fish. You met each of his blows to your shields and buffered them back- each of Enki’s attempting a fierce pounding against your weakening shields. But you were not as strong as Enki or Kylo or any of the other Knights. You didn’t have their level of endurance needed- whatever power they so naturally accessed was so much lesser for you and already your reserves were emptying. A thick headache slid through your mind followed quickly by a suffocating lightheadedness- you couldn’t keep this up. You heard rather than felt your knees hit the floor, heavy dual thumps on the floor, then that, too, was replaced with the hot rush of blood in your ears as you focused. You body felt far away and cold- and then Enki pounded again on your shields. You couldn't help it. They shattered and you felt the shards piercing through your temples, your headache expanding quickly. Again you tried to grab Enki’s Force tendril and repel him- but you had so little energy you could barely keep up with what he was sifting through. He skimmed through your training with Kylo, then everything he could find about Kylo- and yet already too aware of the large blocks missing from the full narrative. That you were hiding something. Frustration overtook his emotional response- so obvious now with the link between your minds, as through he were sneering behind his mask. No, he was ! You could feel his thick lips pulled back in disgust. You tried to focus on that: try get anything you could from his response. Enki rifled through your mind- seeking that which you had hidden with an unplanned savagery: rooting through completely random associations- jumping from one idea to the next with reckless abandon. His frustration grew with each new dead end, but it only drove him to look harder and deeper. And then he caught something: a memory of your job on your previous Star Destroyer a lifetime ago- just enough to spark a connection in your mind. Something innocently translated had Enki ripping through your knowledge of Quarren, of phrases and topics and- And there, beyond the Quarren phrase for a binary star system rosh sopslilii , was your relationship with Kylo. Your cheeks heated, burned as Enki surveyed through the memories you had hidden away- almost every sexual act and intimate moment. His emotional response unmoved by your romantic attachment, if slightly amused at your bedroom antics. Yet, it remained: the trace of distaste at the back of his mind, reserved so perfectly for you. Then came the arrogance, the cocky grin behind his mask- this tilting of his mask. Enki disengaged from your mind and you leaned on the heels of your palms, tried to catch your breath. You could feel it radiating off him now, his response no longer locked away from you- gloating through the Force. You built your shock and rage up, tried to keep your thoughts empty- because Enki had only found one set of hidden memories. Not the arguably more vital ones- those concerning Kylo’s injuries after Starkiller. Enki didn’t move, only watched you on the ground for a long moment. You lifted your head, found the power to control your breathing- and stared into the empty black visor eye holes of his mask. You sneered at him, wanted to put up more of a fight than a foul look- but you had nothing left. And yet, Enki’s hands raised- and hit the releases to his mask. You weren't quite sure what you were looking at, at first. Enki’s skin was a deep blue, mottled and dotted with a palette of lighter and darker blues and purples, mixed to swirl delicately over his face- marked further with tiny white pinpricks that looked almost like stars against his skin. Three half-grown protrusions arched away from his face at the forehead and cheeks- if he’d been fullblood Quarren they’d have developed into the triangular head that had earned the race their slur- squidheads . But Enki’s only served to make his face look odd and inhuman. But at the center of his odd, clearly hybridized face- his eyes. Large like a Quarren’s, but deadly sharp; piercing like a harpoon. The same color of electric blue as the text on a data pad- and just as bright, nearly glowing on his face. He held the mask aside as you realized what you were looking at- “Quarren.” Or at least partially so. You panted, almost laughed. “That’s why you looked there…?” “Yes.” He spoke evenly, a forcefulness in his voice that echoed his believed superiority. It was deeper than you had expected and nearly melodic, almost calming beyond the chilling nature that it came from Enki Ren. “You must know, I admire power. More than you will ever understand. My people are not usually given Force Sensitivity. It is so rare that for a time I was worshiped as a god among my people. Even among other Force users…” He paused, glanced over your weak form still glaring at him from the floor. A smile pulled his lips apart- and sharp, knife-like teeth peaked from his blue lips. A predator's weapon. “Well. I am very powerful." His face sobered, "But not as powerful as Kylo Ren.” You sneered, “So you’re looking to beat him?” “I admired him.” Enki shook his head. You blinked at him, forced yourself to sit back on your heels. He continued, “But being mated with you serves only to weaken him, no matter what visions he thinks he has had. I do not understand his decision. And if his power and leadership become unstable, I will seize it.” His insult rekindled what fight you still had. You gathered what power you still held and insisted: “Never gonna happen,” Enki grinned, his monstrous teeth sparkling again. “Yes. It will.” With that he replaced his helmet and walked past you- not bothering to give you another glance. You sat on the floor panting for a time, the sense of peace and interest dropped with the book on the floor, left only with a unshakable sense that something bad was coming and there was nothing you could do. Eventually you did get up and laboriously picked up the fallen tome, which seemed thankfully unscathed. You placed it on the small nightstand and turned back to the opened door. You put a hand up to the lock- and briefly looked towards the half-melted remains of Darth Vader's mask. In a way, it looked like Enki's mask. You shuddered just looking at the thing- and closed the door, locking it away. You supposed it was good that at least Enki hadn’t defaced that in some way. You couldn’t imagine Kylo’s devastation or rage. Perhaps that's why Enki didn't do more damage- to you or Kylo's belongings. You sighed long and slow, crossing back to your bed. You didn’t bother shedding any of your many layers besides kicking off your boots and letting them drop lifelessly to the floor. The book sat on the nightstand, almost calling you to touch it- but your pounding headache and building unease at Enki’s declaration left you with little hope of being able to concentrate. Instead you commanded the lights off and buried your face in your pillows. He called to you from across the galaxy. Perhaps not even knowing that he did- but his voice, low and rumbling and so warm and familiar, whispered to you. His power like a beacon beyond the stars- drawing you to him, caught in his gravity. This time- this time there was no voice to stop you, to icy claws to wake you before your alarm- and you reached him, felt his warmth- pressed into his mind. It’s cold where you wake up- that’s the first thing you feel. The cold and the dampness. Then hear the odd whistle of wind, the only noise. Then it’s the tunnel you’re walking through. It doesn’t seem to be built, no- more carved through a mountain, and old. You realize quite quickly that you're dreaming- you're in Kylo's dream. You don't recognize this place, some hidden temple somewhere that had been lost to the ages. You wonder if Kylo had been here- or if he is here now. Every so often there’s a set of doors, also made of stone with intricate carvings- but you can’t figure out how to open them. You walk on- seemingly lost. You can't even seem to find Kylo- not by noise or his presence in the Force. You wander aimlessly through the decrepit temple until- you do feel him in the Force and where he is. You swallow thickly and begin sprinting towards him, ducking through hallways without even looking. Your heart beats quickly in exhilaration- you can feel him in one of the adjacent rooms. He's so close, you'll be able to see him again, hold him again. You reach for his door- And he’s screaming. You can't breathe. You grab at the door madly, try to dig your nails into the unfeeling stone- and it slides away, into the wall. Your heart skips a beat, just seeing him like this. Kylo stands only a few feet from you in the center of the room. He’s sweating and covered in blood- his loose training clothes are torn and shredded, singed around the edges- with a lightsaber you suspected. His own saber buzzing loudly in his right hand, no synthskin covering his metal plating. The whole arm is uncovered, the shining metal, too, smeared with blood. A shadow- not even a fully formed figure sprints at him from a corner. Kylo roars, primal and wordless- spinning his blade with ease. He doesn’t even hesitate, the plasma cutting through the wavering dark figure’s abdomen- and it fades away entirely. Another appears and Kylo turns away from you, taking on this apparition too. You watch the muscles in his neck and back flex with each shaking breath he draws. His panting is all you can hear and it fills your ears- the ragged breathing of a man who’s had no rest, no water. Your heart swells in your chest, how long has he been at this? Just torturing himself in his dream- and he inhales, and screams: “Who else!” You can’t help yourself; you step forward- extend a hand slowly towards him, you only want to help. Your voice so soft, “Kylo?” He whips towards you- his hair flying around his face in dark, sweaty clumps. You can see it now: his eyes are rabid, sightless. Only seeing the next target, the next thing to destroy. You gasp, "Kylo, wait-." But he's lost in his own- bloodlust? Anger?- Tiny pinprick pupils that seemed to burn just as hot as his lightsaber- and he lifts it over his head. He charges towards you- You have nothing to defend yourself with- not that you could fight Kylo anyway. You can hardly bring yourself to move- just- “Kylo, it’s me!” Kylo's chest heaves as he nears you, but there's something different in his posture. His arm stills, then lowers as he pants and stares at you- blinks several times as his eyes become that deep and soft brown. He drops his saber, which fizzles out before it even hits the ground, and staggers the remaining distance towards you. His feet drag and he looks like he'd fall over if it wasn't for his own determination to get to you. His hands lift and clasp the sides of your face, holding you still as he stares at you, his eyes wide in disbelief. Your eyes tear up just at the feeling- his hands- one warm, rough, and calloused, the other cool and smooth- curling around your cheeks. You grab his wrists and lean into his touch. You smile so wide it feels like your cheeks are splitting- but you can feel him and he can feel you in turn. A single over-excited tear escapes between blinks, swiped away by Kylo's smooth right thumb. It’s odd, being in his dream, his mind- his emotional response is all around you. Despite that, it feels so far away- shattered and distant. You can slowly piece it together. His shock, namely- “You’re real.” His voice is scratchy from his own screaming, but you sigh for it nonetheless. You smile and nod against his hands. All at once he wraps his long arms around you, pulls you in so tight you struggle to breathe against him. You try to ignore the panicked need in his response, focus on the feeling of his right hand slipping under your shirt. His hands grab greedily at your body- desperate to feel every inch of you again, to make sure it’s you . You return his embrace- just as eager to have him touch you again- And his lips- he tilts your head back so he can kiss you, his plush lips are painfully chapped but when he kisses you- stars, just how you remembered it- it hardly matters. Only a moment later, his lips part and his tongue is sliding into your mouth and tasting you. You whimpered into his mouth, met his tongue with needy licks of your own. He drags you down to the floor easily, rolling you onto your back and pushing your clothes away blindly. You kick your pants free- and Kylo takes a moment to stare longingly down at your body. Before you could think to question it, sis mouth and hands descended again- tracing over the lines and curves of your body with a heavy reverence. He retraces his lips moving- whispers, “You’re real, you’re real-” You can't think of anything to say to that- can't think of any explanation as to why he'd think you weren't . You swallow thickly and hope your voice is even as you try to reassure him, "I'm real, Kylo. I'm here." You tug off the remnants of his training garb and set to the same task of touching across his body- mapping the new scars of his wounds. Immediately you see them: there's a fresh, alarming set of wounds and bruises across his abdomen. A line of lacerations down his arms. Your heart aches in your chest and you draw Kylo down to you, completely flush with your body. He barely has to shift his hips and his cock slides into you, easy and smooth. Your breath catches and you sigh against him, feel him shudder in appreciation. You bury one hand in his thick hair, the other curling around him, keeping him pressed against you. You wrap your legs around Kylo's thighs, feel the muscles move with his slow, even strokes. Kylo’s arms circle under you, drawing you up against his thrusting, and you give the first whining moan. Kylo hums, his mouth constantly kissing across your face and shoulders, his lips catching to suckle at the tender flesh just below your ear. You breathe in the scent of his hair, his sweat and it suddenly feels so real . You sob and fight to press his body even closer, to have him merge near entirely with you- to never be able to leave you again. You whisper to him, “I love you, I love you- Kylo,” and kiss at his temple desperately. You rock back against his hips, but the pleasure is completely extraneous to your embrace. Distracting, almost. You just want to feel him- to tell him you're okay. “I miss you,” He gasps against your skin,”I l-love you,” buries himself further inside you, nudging at your cervix. He moans, something strangled and needy- and presses his face against your neck. Hot liquid drips and rolls off your shoulder and it's enough to make your own tears come pouring. He voice is too muffled to hear what he says, his lips brushing the skin of your shoulder over and over, an endless stream of confessions and praise falling from him in desperate bursts. Here, in his own dream- you can feel the heaviness of his mind. He's miserable , dragging himself through each day by pure will alone. You wrap your arms around him and try to say the same- how awful it’s been without him, how you miss him every day, that you’d do anything to be by his side. Why can’t you just be with him? A sharp thrust pushes the air from your lungs, his arms curling tight around your middle, squeezing hard on your ribs. His head shakes against your throat, his voice managing a mangled, "Don't say that." You choke on a sob and grab at his body, winding yourself around him as tightly as he holds you. His hair is soft, still so long and dark as you press your face against it- try to breathe in his scent again from across the galaxy. His pace picks up, builds into something respectable- and you can no longer try to ignore the wet heat building inside you. The cold stone beneath you fades away, the cursed training hall transforming into blackness- then dotted with stars and far away constellations. You think, oddly, that space should be cold, that you shouldn’t be able to breathe and yet- it’s soothing. The nothingness. There’s no hard, uneven edges biting into your back or overheated sheets making you sweat. There's no humming of a ship's engines. There’s nothing at all except for the feeling of Kylo on top of you, around you, inside you. The slick feel of his skin catching on yours and his hot breath on your neck. The tears return and you squeeze your eyes closed, your mouth working around errant sobs, “I love you. I love you, please I- I love you so much, please come back,” You pull him impossibly tighter- will your very atoms to merge, to never let you be apart again. Kylo shifts up and kisses you, only silences your pleas- his lips now soft and plush, no longer chapped and dry- just how you remembered them. His tears drip off his cheeks and onto yours, mingling and rolling away. You want to kiss him deeper, to taste him again- but your shared sobs keep your kisses brief and shallow. His hand finds one of your thighs and pulls it higher around his waist, wills you to hold it there. He changes angles to strike at the tender spot along your front wall, tells you so flatly, "I have to go." Your breath stutters. You found him, finally, impossibly across the galaxy in a dream- and yet you are going to lose him again. It was only a dream- you couldn’t stay with him forever. Not even here. You rock up to meet his uneven thrusts, drawing physical pleasure even as you felt so miserable, agonized. Kylo was suffering- and this, this, a shared wet dream was all you could offer. You feel the tremble in his chest as he moans, drops his forehead to yours. You press into the physical pleasure- tried to whisper it back to him through your connection. Kylo shudders, sighs hotly against your cheek- and moves faster. His eyes are half-lidded and tired, nearly despondent as a whisper of the Force settles over your clit. You whimper softly and it strokes in time with his thrusts and he stares at you. Watches each sob makes you tremble, each twitch of pleasure. It takes so little to draw you over that edge. It's not a strong orgasm, too frayed with your anguish. Just enough for you sob once and clench hard around Kylo’s cock and squeeze your eyes closed. You try to tell him without words again. You give him everything you have left. The warmth and comfort you can offer, the aching sympathy and the need for him to return to you. All your devotations and promises to be strong, as if those could help him. You felt his orgasm; the warmth passing through him, the little stutters in his hips- how his lips trembled against yours. You caught his face and he mirrored you, kept your faces pressed close- your noses slotting beside each other, his prodding into your cheek. His eyes were so- hopeless . Resigned to it all. You whispered against his lips until you faded away- I love you, I love you, I love you-- You blinked slowly back into consciousness. Your loss was fresh and raw again- the empty space in your mind where Kylo's presence should be. You sighed, rubbing your thighs together- your pussy still warm and wet- clit stiff between your folds. Somewhere in the galaxy Kylo would be waking up to soiled sheets as well. There was something about knowing his cock was probably still tingling that made your chest swell with happiness. Knowing his mental state, of course, was not as joyous. It had been one thing to pursue the gentle brushes along that border of his mind that was so often just out of reach before you woke, but to be able to touch each other . Being able to touch him- or at least have a sensation that was just as saturated and bright as reality- that was more than enough. And if he felt the same way- that your touch had brought him any catharsis at all, then you’d sleep all day just to grace the edges of his mind. But you couldn’t do that. You had training. And so did he. You sat up, gasped at the still lingering sensitivity, the little aftershocks from your orgasm shooting up your spine. You stretched while the feelings subsided, before grabbing your datapad. You glanced around you quarters- lingering along the wrinkled dark pile of clothing. With the phantom sensation of Kylo’s hand stroking your shoulders, you called a service droid. You couldn’t keep lingering like this- you had to be strong. At night- at night you could cling to your pillow and hope you reached him again. Hope to be able to help him- Your own protective need flared in your chest, made your fingers twitch, the Force twisting between them in waiting. You thought, perhaps, Kylo would never need your protection- not like you needed his. But you wanted to. You wanted to think that if you were powerful enough, you could take him away from Snoke. Give him what would truly make him happy. You could help him heal. You exhaled slowly, felt the static in your mouth. A cold resolve settled in your stomach. You might never be as strong as Kylo or Snoke or even just Enki- but your desire for Kylo, your desire to see him safe and well again- would make you stronger. Enki already knew of your relationship and you suspected Xeni knew from her own intuition. You had no reason not to let it fuel you, let it spark your powers and guide you. Next to you, the book began to hum. You glanced to it- and again had the image of Kylo, young and entranced by this illegal tome. Yes, that was where you would start. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Amor Fati series