Prologue We come from the distance, to crawl our way home. Till we go deeper, in search of the dark. Break me, to run for the light Find us, to waste away hope. Keep us always from a distance Claim me, to loose you To make me safe He stood within the huge chamber. The roof so high he could barely see where the walls met creating the huge arc under which stood a lone bacta-tank containing only young girl. Around her lay the dead Troopers their bodies long since decayed the bones littered amongst the armour the only evidence they had ever contained bodies. Littered amongst them were the fresh bloodied corpses of the soldiers he knew somehow he must have killed. He stepped purposefully over the broken glass of what had been at one point equipment from the nearby medical bays, drawing closer to the tank. His eyes ran over the girl she was naked save for linen wrappings around her groin. Her arms folded protectively over her breasts, hair floating behind her. Long hair so pale it looked almost white under the hash medical lights, his eyes flitted up towards her face. Her mouth and nose covered with a rubber medical mask tubes connecting to the ceiling. He could feel his heart thudding in his chest as he was drawn nearer. The girl had shown no signs of being conscious as his hand brushed the controls to the tank, a sudden urge to flee rushing over him. The girl within opened her eyes, turning her face towards him. Silver-chrome eyes burned into his as a fierce desire overtook to protect her at all costs whilst command poured into his mind; ‘Find me’ The Jedi Padawan emerged from his dream, the ships engines lulling his still thudding heart and racing breath slowing as he untangled himself from the sheets. He dressed quickly emerging from the sleeping quarters aboard the New Republic ship. He needed a drink and finding the common area he quickly poured water from the condenser downing it before heading for the ships cockpit. He had had this dream all too often when he was younger. He called it 'his nightmare'. His Master had always encouraged him not to dwell on it, then once he had began training with him strong words were spoken trying to convince him to dismiss it as just a dream. But he had never been sure. The girl in the dream was always the same one, but she had seemed to have aged along side him. Now she was no longer the child he had dreamed about in his younger years she was no longer a girl on the cusp of womanhood, but near enough a woman full grown. They were close he could feel it before a warning bleep followed by the pilots voice over the ships radio warning they would be dropping out of hyperspace. Their mission was a simple a request for assistance in retrieving data cards from one of the few remaining Imperial Medical Research Laboratories. Scouts had already reported that the facility was deserted, but that the automated defence systems and droids were still in place. Judging from the report it would be an easy job for the Jedi and would involve no negotiations so he had sent his apprentice. The Padawan was painfully aware of why his Master had choose this for his first solo mission. He was often reckless and impulsive his behaviour too often ruled by his current temperament, which was becoming one of frustration and anger of late. The force came easy to his command and so resulted often in his eagerness to run before he could crawl. This often resulted in him being chastised. To put it simply this mission was too easy, even for him to mess up. The ship began it’s decent towards a small moon which orbited the darker side of the planet. The ship landing in an old cargo bay, the boarding ramp sliding open and the ships crew emerged weapons ready. He frowned, so far it had all been too easy. None of the automated defences the Scouts report had listed seemed present, nor did they showed any signs of appearing as they made their way down the deserted corridors. The facility wasn’t a large one and reports showed that the data would be held in a medical bay in the centre of the laboratory. Shrugging but keeping his awareness on his surroundings he motioned for the crew to follow him. Arriving at the door way to their targets location he entered flanked by the crew his heart racing as he tried desperately to control his emotions. Something was very wrong he could feel it along with a sense of nervous anticipation. He had seen this room before immense columns where carved into the rock reaching somewhere above in to join in the dark chamber. As he entered the room he reached for his lightsabre activating the blade both for light and protection as he stared in shock, a cold feeling in the pit of his stomach. He knew at once he had been lied to. The room wasn’t empty, a lone bacta tank stood illuminating the broken droids, bodies and Stormtooper armour beneath it. He approached the tank any control left over his thundering heart gone, eyes glued to the figure within. Reaching the tank he looked up at the girl, floating within. She tilted her face to his her eyes fluttering impossibly aware of his presence. He knew in an instant even before she opened them her eyes would be silver and he couldn’t help but stare into them transfixed as she held his gaze speaking into his mind. ‘ I knew you would come for me’ A feeling of warmth spread through his body as he felt her relief at him being here. He searched for the controls to release her from the tank her presence never leaving his mind. ‘I have waited so long’. He found the release, fingers tips bushing the button as terror washed over him emanating from the girl. ‘beware treachery’ He quickly turned, he was too late to stop the first blaster bolt hitting the tank raising his sabre he deflected the second making sure to deflect the bolt back at the solider who had fired it. Anger coursed through him like a boiling river as the others drew their weapons to challenge him. They would all die! He rushed at them teeth pulled back over his teeth in a ferocious grimace as he charged slaughtering them all, the hot blade easily slicing through their bodies, adding them to the aged pile already on the floor. Calmness only returning as he made his way back to the tank de-activating his blade. The bacta chamber had split liquid seeping steadily on to the floor to flow though the metal grates on the floor. During the fight one of the bolts must have hit the control panel it hung loosely from a wire dead. He raised his hand using the force to feel the molecules in the glass vibrating them until the glass shattered outwards. Catching the girl as the bacta poured out he removed his cloak wrapping it around her, feeling exhaustion over take her as she collapsed gratefully into his arms. She woke briefly to find him tucking the blankets around her a suggestion to sleep pushed into her mind with a promise of security, before he left for the pilot. The navigational computer was already programed for the return trip, a journey that they both agreed would never take place. Someone somewhere wanted her dead, they couldn’t return with her nor could they trust anyone. The Padawan accepted there was only one option left, taking a deep breath he closed his eyes reaching out with the force. Chapter 2 : First Step Summary: This was a nightmare. I rewrote all 3 original chapters then my computer died and managed to re-write them with different corupted files so I have had to start again. I had hoped to up load all 3 at once but its going to have to be slower now. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been less than a year since your current memory wipe. You weren’t sure why you had been resold, but knew that this was standard practice for First Order slaves to have a memory wipe. It protected their interests, and ensured no loyalty to your former owners. You had been sold to a First Order ran brothel, not that you where to call it that in front of anyone. This wasn’t officially a brothel, but a pleasure house for the officers. Brothels where for the common soldiers. You had been given to the understanding that whilst employed here, you were still ranked above a common city whore. Even as an owned slave, you had a social standing well below the other free girls in the brothel. Your time would still be more expensive than the quick tumble the Stormtroopers could afford. They referred to you all in public as courtesans, and as such you were well trained in social situations, and other arts. Also notable amongst the differences between you and the town whores was your virginity. As it had remained intact, it would stay that way until after your eighteenth standard annual cycle. With that date fast approaching, you knew your new the brothel masters would be currently taking bid offers for your first night. It was one of the ways to quickly recuperate your cost, and shouldn’t be cheap even as a slave. It was imperative therefore that you currently be kept firmly on display at all times now, and that included todays gathering. You gracefully navigated the crowds, the heavy drinks tray in hand a, clever way of ensuring you could be displayed to potential bidders. The costume you wore was beautiful, costly yet also revealing, despite its many layers. It was after all still your flesh that was on sale here. Not that you ever risked being fondled, or openly touched without a contract of sale. The men and women present where First Order officers and politicians, splattered with a few minor nobles and such like. It wasn’t done to behave such in public in these circles. Your name was called, and you moved forward obligingly. Ready to offer refreshment to the man who had called, whilst supressing your shudder. The man Verlux, was well known amongst you all for his unusual, and often brutally cruel tastes. No one had ever actually spoken up about what happened in his company, but everyone had seen the girls he returned. Broken and bruised, nobody ever talked about what he had done to them. But you didn’t need to hear them speak to give you ideas, to tell you he was cruel and dangerous. You waited as he took a drink from you, and then dutifully proffered the tray to his two other companions, slyly glancing up at them through your lowered lashes as you did so. They were both very tall, one a striking redhead was dressed in First Order uniform, his poise correct and he carried himself well. The other was taller still, and covered head to toe in black robes. His face and shoulders hidden by a cloth cowl, not that he needed the cowl to hide him. The metal mask he wore already did a good enough job of hiding any facial features from you. The redhead you offered the tray to first, noting the cut and cloth, of his First Order officers uniform suggested him to be that of a high ranking one. To your shame it would have done you no good to try and work out his rank. You had not long enough been in the brothels servitude, to have memorised each subtle change in uniform and epaulets. You offered the tray to the next man, hoping you had guessed right in the order of service. You had suffered a beating or two in your first few weeks with the brothel, and had no desire to suffer another now. Your arm ached as you held the heavy metal tray aloft, you would have to put it down soon but didn’t dare risk lowering it now. The man neither accepted, or refused the drink, and assuming it was because he deemed you beneath his notice you lowered it, ready to move away. Without warning his gloved hand shot out, none too gently cupping your chin, making you drop the tray in surprise. A gentle pressure crept from the base of your spine, as he raised your chin to display your face to him. You kept your eyes lowered, your face was tilted from side to side, aware that you were being studied. Your mind screamed at you that he wasn’t supposed to touch you in public, but aware that either he was either above such social niceties, or was choosing to ignore them. The pressure at your skull grew stronger, and you stupidly broke protocol. Both by pulling away from his grip with a violent shove and stepping back to look directly at him. At first you wondered if you had made a mistake after all, that this tall, robed figure wasn’t even human. Then suddenly with total surety you knew he was, knew in a way that you couldn’t explain that he was human. His chest started to heave as though agitated. But with that chrome and silver mask hiding all expression from you, it was impossible to work out his mood, was he angry at you. His robes extenuated both his height, and the width of his shoulders, making him feel all at once intriguing and dangerous. You felt trapped under the weight of his stare, and you couldn’t decide if you should run, or stay as you locked eyes with him beneath his mask. That was the other inexplicable thing you would remember later that night, as you cowered in your bed. Despite not seeing them you knew as you looked at him, his own eyes looked straight back into yours. From the side there suddenly came a cough, and all at once it felt as though you were no longer this mans’ captive. Suddenly able to find your feet you ran. You hadn’t stopped until the chill of the night air had hit you, making you shiver in the cold and dark. Unable to recall the route you had taken to get there, your fight had been so sudden and all-encompassing, that you couldn’t even recognise which door you had fled out of. You knew now that you should return, and took a deep breath. Trying to still your swiftly beating heart, as you willed yourself back to calmness. You had forgotten why he made you run, the actions that had been previously so panic fuelled no longer able to recall, in the chill night air. You forced yourself to walk back to the building, knowing you’d already be in trouble with your owners. Reasoning that you already in trouble, and that no matter how severe the punishment would already be, to delay your return would make it worse. “(y/n)” You turned to find Fleur, another courtesan, this one far more friendly towards you than the others, looking over at you. She coaxed you forwards, and you walked over to her, your skirts trailing behind you in the dewy grass, ruining the fabric. Behind her another figure stepped into the moon lit gardens, and your brows furrowed as you realised it was the redheaded officer from earlier. So he then had come to punish you too, the man you ran from must have been important. You lowered your head mindful that you had already stared too much for one evening, and shuddered, wrapping your arms around yourself for warmth. You hadn’t realised he had moved towards you, until a gentle satin lining touched you, making you jump. It took a moment to realise he had placed his greatcoat onto your shoulders, and you let him gently lead you back towards the building. His coat was far too long for you, trailing behind you as you walked, and you did your best to hold it up to stop it from getting too get wet. Aware you were failing to do so, and it was already soaked through and soiled, you apologised to him. Fleur stood by your other side as you walked, her arm comfortingly wrapped around you. You reached the warmth of inside and you blushed, embarrassed now at all the fuss you’d caused by your silly own behaviour. They both led you what appeared to be a small military study, sitting you down on a chair once inside. The Officer placed a glass of brandy into your hands, and you sipped at it grateful for the warmth it provided. You looked up at Fleur as she soothingly stroked your hair. But it was the redhead who spoke to you, his words crisp and correct, in his attempt to be kind. “You, will be okay?” You blinked in astonishment at his words, you had broken all protocol and ran from his presence. Not to mention the dropped drinks tray, and then he had followed you to ensure your wellbeing? You nodded dumbly, as you took another sip of the fiery liquid, letting it roll amiably around your mouth, allowing it to numb your tongue. “You did very well, I have seen seasoned warriors and soldiers come off worse from Commander Ren’s mind probe.” Ren, so that was the mans’ name. You mulled the word over in your mind, feeling the weight of it as you repeated it to yourself. Something was wrong with it, the name didn’t quite fit him. And although you couldn’t work out how you knew, you did, and it was all wrong for him. You swallowed, this time speaking aloud, slowly enunciating each syllable as your tongue felt the weight behind the man’s name. “Ren?” It was hours later at home, and you couldn’t sleep, Fleur tucking her feet in the blankets at the foot of the bed, whilst you both gossiped. You still didn’t fully understand why you hadn’t been punished. In fact, everyone you spoke to had gone out of their way to ensure you where okay. You gathered from the General who had lent you his coat, that Ren had probably been searching your thoughts or memories for something, but had found nothing. Later that night once you had been returned to the party, the General, Hux kept you at his side all evening, and Ren wasn’t to be seen again. Nor did anyone who knew him treat your interaction with him as odd. Instead looks of astonishment were sent your way, some people avoiding you as they made pointed whispers to one another. On your arrival home you still hadn’t been left alone. Fleur repeated General Hux’s orders to the dorm mistress, that you were not to be left alone that night. So here you both where well past lights out, wide awake and still talking with Fleur. You had both done all you could to find out who the man was. It seemed he was known other than Kylo Ren was the newly appointed apprentice to Leader Snoke. But of everything else precious little was known, just an awful lot of rumour and speculation. It seemed no one actually knew where he was from, or what he had been before joining the First Order. But some said he was a killer, and oddly behaved. You knew that most First Order men were killers, but they whispered that this one was especially dangerous. That he killed for his own personal pleasure, not just in the name of war and that made you shudder now. What exactly had you done to attract his attention. They called him Jedi Killer, some going as far to say he had once been a Jedi. You had shaken your head at that one, everyone knew the Jedi to be a myth. He eyes where wide and full of concern for you as you spoke. “Weren’t you afraid, he would hurt you?” You shook your head at her question, that was the inexplicable thing. You’d been afraid yes but you were sure that at the time it wasn’t of him hurting you. “That’s the oddest thing though Fleur I can’t explain it, but it wasn’t really him I was afraid of,” you paused thinking, “I think I would be too beneath him, for him to bother hurting me.” You had been so sure of that at the time, but now alone with Fleur you began to doubt your earlier assumption. Why had he noticed you in the first place then, you smiled benevolently at her. Moving over as you pulled back the covers, as she climbed into your bed with you. Her voice dropped lower, almost a whisper, “you need to be careful (y/n) they say he can kill with his mind. We all need to be careful, we need to keep him away from you.” And with that you tucked your arms around each other, as you finally dosed off Morning came swiftly, and found you happier and better rested than you’d a right to be, given the lack of sleep. You yawned before making your way to the refresher. Fleur had left early, leaving you to the knowledge that you had started you monthly courses in the night. Aware that this signalled the last of your waiting period, your reported it in to the dorm mistress. In seven days an IUD would be fitted, and your status changed. Signalling that you were now available for more than just companionship. You sighed, unlike the other girls you had never had any say or choice in your profession. They had all been willingly recruited to serve the First Order, by the brothel owners. The First Order recognising its men and women’s need for sex, had decided it was safest to do so in sanctioned military brothels. Thus minimising the possibility of a security breach. There were of course other slaves in the brothel, and every one of you did have a chance of buying his or her own freedom. But unlike you, the likelihood of those working as servants and attendants brought little in the way of favours and credits, meaning it was virtually impossible to buy their freedom. Whilst sold into a profession you disliked, you at least where treated with the same respect as the free girls, and should eventually earn enough credits to buy your own freedom. That evening you saw him again, though this time thankfully he kept his distance. It was another reception party for the visiting officers. One of the Star destroyers, the Finalizer was currently docked above the planet for supplies and repairs. Those with leave had been given permission to attend any local events. It meant tonight’s gathering was full of new faces. You had noticed him quickly, his odd garb making him stand out, you watched him aware he was also studying you. His robes were different, today somehow less imposing without the long flowing layer he worse yesterday. He still seemed still as impossibly tall, his shoulders just as broad, as he tilted his head watching you. Aware of the tingling in your head, that you now knew, signalled him reading your thoughts. His visor seemed to follow your every movement, but he made no attempt to come closer. You couldn’t help but get the feeling he was waiting for you. He spent the night following you like a loyal body servant, he seemed always nearby. But never crowded you or came too close. The General from the previous night was there too, and when he enquired after you, you thanked him again for the loan of his coat before moving away to your seat. There was to be a recital of sorts a play based on old Imperial history, and you suspected it was done more for the locals than the officers. It bored you and finding yourself almost asleep, you took advantage of your seating at the back row. To sneak out into the empty hallway, aware you shouldn’t leave, but unable to stay awake if you stayed. Footsteps sounded behind you, and along with well clipped feminine voices signalling someone was approaching. You looked for somewhere to hide, quickly setting on the only option, you slid behind a nearby curtain. Discovering to your dismay it didn’t hide your feet, it was then that noticed the doorway it hid. Finding it open, you slipped through it, assuming it would lead to a cupboard or servants’ corridor. Instead you found it led into a small cosy sitting room, softly lit by a large wood fire. You paused but as the footsteps grew closer, and you feared detection. You stepped through, sliding the door closed behind you stepping further into the room. They paused in the corridor outside, and you could hear their voices outside, realising you were effectively trapped you looked around you. An open fireplace held the last embers of a dying fire, and you recklessly poked life into it as you waited. Reasoning that you may as well be comfortable as you waited, settling down before it to keep warm. It was late, and your sleep last night had been so insufficient, that you soon found yourself unknowingly dozing off. You woke some time later, aware now that you had foolishly slept. A blanket was draped over you, and a cushion placed under your head. Someone poked the rekindled fire. You jumped, scared by the closeness of a perfect stranger, before your bleary eyesight came into focus. Although he faced away from you, those robes would have given him away anywhere. You straightened up, as he faced you, the pressure beginning at the base of your spine once more. Aware now that he was trying to read your thoughts, you did your best to remain calm and let him, aware you had nothing to hide. He crouched next to you, almost as though he wished not to startle a frightened animal. You blinked as he continued to stare, until he moved to sit opposite you. Aware it was too late to remind yourself to lower your gaze, you openly stared at him, as you realised he sat between you and the door, effectively trapping you with him. “Yesterday, you were not afraid,” It was the first time you had heard him speak, the mask had a vocoder fitted and it made his words appear flat and void of emotion. Yes, he was right you hadn’t been afraid yesterday, but then you hadn’t been aware of who he was then. The rumours spoke of him doing terrible things, and you were alone with him, a supposed monster. You tried not to show your fear as his head tilted to the side, almost as though he was studying you. “you’re nervous today. You have no reason to be afraid” If he had meant to comfort you it wasn’t working, the stories must have some truth in them. You shouldn’t have left the recital hall, you honestly had no idea how long you had slept for. Had it been minutes or hours, there would be trouble if they discovered you missing. You pushed the blanket from yourself, aware you had to leave but not wanting to risk this man’s wrath. “I am afraid that is not the case My Lord, I am sorry I must go, I will be punished if they find I am missing. I need to return to them.” You choose to use the servile honorific in the hopes of lessening any anger he might direct at you. “No you won’t.” You could have kicked him for his indifference at your situation. Hoping he wasn’t going to stop you leaving you began to stand up. He stood quicker offering his hand to help you to rise. You thanked him, aware of how much smaller your own hand looked in his thick gloved black one. You had expected the leather to be cool, not so warm it almost burnt and you removed your hand heading for the door. The corridor outside was dark and cold, dread settled like a heavy iron weight in your gut, as you realised that you had to have slept a lot longer than even your worst calculation. Your heart was in your mouth, as you started off back towards the theatre hoping there was someone who could help. They must have noticed you gone, why had no one looked for you. This was bad, really bad. It was too late to safely walk home especially on your own. Plus, if they suspected you had been alone with a man, it would ruin your chances of making a decent amount from first night bidding. His fingers wrapped your arm, stopping you from leaving, and in your panic you stupidly pulled against him. Stopping to outright perdition him, when his grip threatened to tighten. “Please Lord Ren let go of me, I need to get home.” “You seem insistent that they will punish you, they won’t I will not allow it.” You wanted to outright laugh at him, was it indifference or just that he was so certain of himself? His grip was firm but gentle, as he pulled you back to the warm room. You realised you were shaking and not just from the cold, and he reached around to wrap the blanket you had slept under over your shoulders. He stepped closer, trying to pull you to him, and whilst you hoped it was for warmth you remembered Fleur’s warning from last night. You quickly tried moving away, trying to dissuade any possible interest. This time he allowed you to brake his hold on him, and you moved back to sit on the stuffed couch. He wasn’t going to help you realised, nor was he going to allow you to leave. You hoped if it came to it they would believe you, whilst simultaneously praying that nothing would happen. Cold fear swallowing you at the niggling thought, there were men who would force their intentions, knowing your profession and status. He hurriedly backed away from you, holding his hands up. Although his vocoder kept his tone neutral, you could feel the snarl of distaste behind his words. “I knew they talk about me but." he faltered, the sudden re-emergence of words almost making a click as his vocoder quickly picked them up. "What exactly have you heard?” You didn’t want to do this not here, not now. You had heard many things but were aware there would be lies amongst the truth, and that to repeat any of them could anger him. You took a deep breath, closing your eyes against the prickle of tears, unable to bring yourself to speak. He sighed, making the mask spit forth a series of static bursts. “I have no intentions of harming you (y/n), you are safe.” Your eyes flew open in surprise, how had he found your name? Was it through reading your thoughts or had he asked someone for it. He said he wouldn’t harm you, but did that make you any safer. Which was worse the anger of a monster, or the attentions of a disfigured man? His hands reached to the back of his helmet, and a series of clicks followed by a hiss told you he had disengaged the air locks. You lowered your eyes too scared to look as a blur of movement told you he had removed the helmet. “(y/n) look at me.” His voice was a soft deep baritone, without the mask to disguise it. You shook your head in refusal, unable to obey his request. He came closer, kneeling down before you. Even on his knees he was still taller than you, and he lowered his bottom to his heels, to even out the height difference. He placed a finger under your chin, titling it back to face him and you gasped as your eyes finally met. He held still, allowing your eyes to finally roam as you studied his features. Aware now your fears had been unfounded, he wasn’t ugly, deformed, or disfigure, far from it in fact he was beautiful. His nose, although too large for his face could be considered aristocratic in some circles. His mouth was full and lush, strong cheek bones set off his well-defined jaw, above which stood the most expressive, sad eyes you’d ever seen. The firelight danced against them, setting off the gold motes within, and as he blinked his thick long lashes gently kissing his high cheek bones. Yes, you thought with a face like this you could still understand why he wore a mask. It was too youthful, strangely too innocent for the atrocities they said he had committed. He didn’t wear the mask to hide a disfigurement, but to hide his emotions, to further perpetuate the myth behind the man. He held his mask up to you as an offering, placing it onto your lap, when you refused to take it from him. “See it’s just a mask.” His voice though deep, was gentle as he coaxed you into touching the mask. You blushed as his words made you realise how stupid you had been, and you picked it up. It was heavy, and you found you needed both hands to hold it, as you turned it into the light. Frowning as the flames reflected red in the chrome banding. It reminded you of something, but you couldn’t think what, your curiosity satisfied you handed him it back. He took it easily in one hand, placing it on the floor besides him, returning his gaze to you. It was you supposed an honour to see his unmasked face, thought you were not sure how you had earned it. He seemed to lean forward a little, and you spoke quickly, fearing he would try and kiss you, tilted yourself away from him. “Please don’t,” You stammered. Unable to complete your request and changed tactics, your voice laced through with apology. “that would be considered inappropriate my lord.” You expected him to be cross, or sulk, not to laugh out loud at you, but he did. Throwing back his head in mirth, making your cheeks darken to an impossible shade of red, as you realised your mistake; he hadn’t been going to kiss you. You could almost kick yourself for your own self-important view of his actions, had he been going to do anything to you? What had he been going to do then you thought, as you stared at his lips, suddenly aware that you wouldn’t have minded if he had of kissed you. He stopped laughing, his face serious, whilst his eyes still danced with mirth at you. His tone was light, and you could tell he was amused, but not wanting to appear mocking. A touch of huskiness creeping in as he teased you, “Lots of things are considered inappropriate (y/n). But I somehow doubt that if I had of been going to kiss you that would have mattered to anyone.” He stroked your cheek bone with his knuckles, before ignoring your earlier warning, and further confusing you, by leaning to place a gentle, chaste kiss on your cheek deepening your blush. “Do you still want to go home?” You blinked at the sudden offer of help. Whilst you risked punishment if he lied, you found yourself not wanting to go. Wariness of what he wanted from you made you hesitant in your reply, prompting him to speak again. “If you stay it will be for your companionship alone, nothing else I promise.” You smiled, and took a deep breath, deciding now it seemed better to beg for forgiveness, rather than ask permission you shook your head. Kylo Ren rewarding you with his own smile when you agreed to stay. You decided you liked it, it made him look younger, his eyes seemed to turn a lighter shade, almost amber when he was relaxed. He shook his head, tussling his thick luscious hair and your fingers twitched as you felt an inexplicable urge to bury them in it. You didn’t, whilst you suspected his behaviour tonight was that he wished you to be familiar with the face. Not the mask or whispered name you still couldn’t bring yourself to touch him. He stood to settle into the corner of the couch opposite you, and you leaned back into your own tucking your feet beneath you. You both sat as though each of you was waiting for the other to speak, yet the silence between you was not uncomfortable. It was cosy and warm the firelight casting a gentle glow and his voice was soft oddly soothing as he spoke. “I am told memory wipes are standard protocol when we acquire a new slave, you remember nothing right?” you nodded and he continued. “do you know anything of your past life?” Your brows furrowed, and you spoke. “No; nothing,” and your voice small, quiet shame at your lowly position. Your fingers absentmindedly touched the slave branding they had marked on your left breast “though I am told I was born into slavery, why?” You wished you could alter the sadness in his eyes, find a way to return to the happier man he’d been earlier. You couldn’t though, too upset yourself at the topic he tilted his head again. You realised now it was an action he did subconsciously, when he was thinking. “You needn’t feel ashamed of anything, it's just you remind me of someone, that’s all.” His voice full of question, though you knew neither of you could give the other answers, instead he allowed you to change the topic. Both of you talking until you fell asleep once more, Ren waking you to return home, just before the dawn. .” Notes: All mistakes my own, it takes tallent to be this consistant in them :) xx Chapter 3 Summary: Edited, thank you to the kind person who pointed out my mistakes. I took it down to re edit. I am fairly new to this having been advised to give it a go, despite my years of being told not to. I am always welcome for advise and if you want to give it but not on here then my email is Veasorel@gmail.com. Just mark in the header what its about I will never get better if I don't get told my mistakes, and I have a lot of years of mistakes to make up for. There were worse things to fear than Kylo Ren. He at least had been kind to you, despite all the gossip surrounding him, it hadn’t quite matched up to your own experience of him. Not that you wouldn’t be cautious with him. Well if there was ever was a next time you knew better than to risk your side of him being his honest side. This man at your arm though; Verlux however you knew was evil. All too often you had seen the evidence painted across the other girl’s bodies, and unfortunately despite your very best efforts, the man hadn’t let you go all evening. Oh, you had done your very best to politely escape him. However, each time he found you, or else outright refused to let you leave his side. Bile threated to spill in revulsion at each attempt the man made at flirting with you, and you did your best not to shudder in fear each time he touched you. It seemed he too had decided not to follow the rules of engagement, his fingers constantly wandering your body. But were as when Kylo Ren had touched you it had felt okay this just felt invasive, and wrong. It made your stomach threaten to turn to water. Your true feelings hid behind a watery smile, when Verlux had openly admitted his desire to bed you. He had even gone as far as to promise winning the bidding on your first night. That thought of him being your first terrified you. His public advances had felt crude even in their subtlety, and the idea of him bedding you brought outright terror. You suspected that he would have gone further in his advances, if he thought he could get away with it. Were as, Kylo Ren hadn’t even tried to kiss you when alone with him. Yes, there had been that one peck on your cheek and perhaps a hint of flirtation. But sadly no suggestion that he actually wanted you. Not that you didn’t want him, the idea was certainly appealing. It had almost become your favourite daydream, the thought of kissing him, of him being your first. You couldn’t decide which he would be; gentle, like he had been with you the night in front of the fire. Or firm and demanding, like he had been on your first meeting. But sadly it wasn’t your decision to make, and you doubted from the gossip, that he was the sort to pay for sex. You knew that it was pointless to fantasise. It was common knowledge in the brothel that whomever the winning bidder was, there would be ways of making you compliant should you try and refuse. You just prayed it wouldn’t be Verlux, anyone else but him. Noticing the man’s drink was empty you took it as an excuse to escape him, even if only for a short while. You walked through the crowd, faltering at a strange sensation on your skin, looking behind you expecting to see someone. If you were honest with yourself, you had hoped it was Lord Ren but there was no one was there. Discovering nothing amiss, you shrugged it off as a stray hair, and returned yourself and the drink to Verlux. Pushing aside the odd thought that, for a second, it had felt almost like fingers running across the nape of your neck. The general; Hux, from the night before had now joined the small circle of people surrounding Verlux. You dutifully made your pleasantries with the man, before standing dutifully to one side looking around the room. There was no sign of his previous night’s companion, but you could have sworn on your approach you had seen Kylo Ren stood with the General. It could have explained the phantom touch; the rumours had suggested that he could use the force to touch people. You reigned yourself back from that thought, knowing it was foolish thought to think that a man, who hadn’t even attempted to kiss you would touch you so intimately, let alone to use the force to do so. You tuned your attention back towards the conversation at hand. One of the officers had mentioned a shipment of ore, Verlux had promised. You gathered the suggestion was that Verlux was late on the shipment. However he was quickly silenced as Hux cleared his throat before continuing. “Lieutenant, I believe that topic of conversation would be best approached another time. In different company.” His rebuke was softly spoken, his tone even. But it was still a warning of sorts, his head nodding towards you. All present knew, that they were not supposed to discuss any First Order related business in front of you. It made sure pillow talk didn’t risk handing over important details. After all it wouldn’t be the first time one of you had been a spy for the Resistance. Quickly wanting to change the subject Verlux offered a distraction of sorts. “Did you know (y/n) dances?” The look the General made suggested he couldn’t have cared less about what you did, or didn’t do. But he gave you a polite smile when you looked nervously at his reaction. You could dance yes, very well it would seem, though you hated performing in front of others. It made you feel self-conscious at being put on display. “Perhaps you could show us?” The General’s request could have been to appease the sting of his dismissal. You also suggested from the glances the other officers shot each other, that it was probably also to save you from seeing him berate his Lieutenant. You hated to accede to Verlux’s request. Especially when that slimy tone backed up the Generals request suggesting that he would see it as a personal favour to himself. You wanted to refuse, but you knew you couldn’t. It would have looked rude, leaving the General with no option but to outright order you away, so he could deal with his officer. You only hoped that you had been right in your earlier suspicion; that you had seen Kylo Ren with General Hux. For him you would have gladly danced, shown yourself off to. You stepped forwards to the centre of the room, a make shift area had been cleared for entertainment. After explaining to the musicians you took your starting position, aware suddenly of that familiar pressure in your spine preceding his arrival. He was here! He stood now with the others, placing himself where he could be easily seen. You raised your eyes to his visor, aware his presence made your confidence in yourself deepen, and you began your first steps. You would dance this well, you had far too much pride in yourself to have ever faltered in your steps, even for Verlux. But now you consoled yourself as you began, the hope that Ren would know it was for him you danced for, not at Verlux’s request. Finished you blinked, looking up from your finishing poise; you had been completely lost for a moment, you always did when you danced. Looking nervously forward your eyes lit in a half smile that your nerves wouldn’t quite allow to reach your lips. He stood, holding one black clad arm out to you, a pressure like a hand at the small of your back pressing you forwards, towards him. You took a deep breath, stepping slowly, your legs threatening to give out on you with each shaky step you took. You were grateful for the support he offered when you at last reached him, and where able to place your hand safely into his. Keeping your head lowered, you did your best to not pay attention to the muted gasps and lowered whispers following you. He led you away safely away, towards the back of the room. You didn’t need to look back now to know that Verlux wouldn’t be happy with this turn of events. Being under no illusions that he wouldn’t choose to take it out on you given the chance. A strong arm pulled you tight against him, and you blushed a little, as he silently pulled you onto his lap. You inhaled deeply to settle yourself, able to scent his underlying masculinity, mixed heavily with a smell of leather, and of cold metal. Oddly aware that his scent, now made you feel safe around him. It felt like he was the biggest predator in the room; and whilst he had you nothing would hurt you. Your body relaxed, releasing the chill you didn’t know it had held, as his fingers stroked the nape of your neck, making you frown in concentration. They felt just as the previous phantom touch had. He lifted your chin to him, and nodded minutely at your realisation it had been him earlier. A gloved thumb ran the hollow under your lip, and your body visibly trembled with want in his arms, your eyes growing dark with desire. Your pervious tingle of nerves now turning into something much more desirable, as you relaxed allowing him to pull you flush to his chest. You sucked your bottom lip between your teeth, cheeks heating, as you became painfully aware; that if he was still reading you he’d know that too now. He stroked the side of your hip, dipping under your thighs to lay them across his legs, pulling you to nestle into his neck. You would have spoken then, but instead he pressed a glass to your lips. Allowing you to take it off him only once, he had fed you that first sip, keeping his arm tightly around you. It was a definitive message of protection, to you and to the room, and you realised that it was also meant as another, different message to Verlux; mine. The message was received, Verlux shot your protector a look of pure hate, and you heard the vocoder spit out static. Realising that Ren was only amused by the man’s dislike of him. He lowered his head to you, repeating his habit of tilting it sideways in thought, before looking back to the man who had previously held you captive. “He makes you, nervous, scared?” You nodded mutely, aware it wasn’t really a question, but an acknowledgement of your current train of thoughts. “He will not be allowed to touch you.” Your brows raised in shock at him. His mask somehow made the promise all the more definite, enforceable. You realised you were beginning to be able to read some emotion in that toneless voice, he didn’t like Verlux, and it seemed personal. You watched over your glass to see General Hux approaching. Blushing as you realised how inappropriate your current position was for Lord Ren. You thought to move, but the muscles tensing on the arm around you suggested it wasn’t going to be an option. “I won’t keep you captive like he did. If you want to go, I will let you. But know first I care little what others think of me.” You paused, considering his offer, before choosing to relax once more against him, enough to voice your curiosity at his actions towards you. “Do you always read peoples thoughts My Lord Ren?” “No. Not always, but then not everyone’s thoughts are as interesting as yours.” “My thoughts interest you? How so My Lord?” Your heart leapt at the suggestion; that he might be interested in you. “It isn’t their contents that interest me” You faltered saddened at this dismissal breathing a single, sad, “oh.” “You project them, loudly and I am able to hear them from quite a distance without trying. I only touch your mind to let you know I am listening. I am aware you find it, comforting.” “Ren, when you are quite finished with your whore.” You stiffened at the man’s words, so brash and out of sync with his kindly behaviour before. You weren’t sure who had stiffened first, yourself or Ren. Hux looked between you both. The look he shot Ren was equally as hard, as the softer gaze he gave you. He took a deep breath, calming himself before continuing. “Could you please keep your eyes on the mission at hand.” Whilst you suspected the gifted title of whore was meant as a rebuke to the Commander, not at your profession it still stung. Mainly, because it reinforced your realisation that no matter how much you wanted this man, without a paid contract of services it wasn’t going to happen. Straightening up, you tried to pull away from Ren. Clearly you were being dismissed by Hux, and should use this as a chance to escape, whilst you still had some resolve to do so. The arm around you tightened to an iron vice, and despite his earlier offer to let you leave he refused to do so now pulling you closer. “I believe General it was you yourself that suggested earlier that I take some, personal time.” You could feel the edge to the man’s words, the subtle changes in muscle movements, indistinguishable by sight signalling his displeasure at the Generals rebuke. Whilst his mask made him sound indifferent to being chagrined. But if you thought Kylo Ren was going to listen to Hux you were wrong. Instead he chose to stand, ignoring him completely to reach for your hand. Grasping it firmly as he lead you away. You had expected him at first to lead you to back to the other crowds. Then when he passed them, maybe a small study, or lounge room. Instead he led you outside through the gardens, and into what you assumed where the barracks, calling forward a Stormtrooper. “I have to go, sadly the General is correct my time could be better served elsewhere. TK-4418 will make sure you get home safely.” You nodded, trying your hardest to keep the disappointment from your voice, your face lowered to avoid him seeing the disappointment there. “Thank you for your concern Lord Ren.” You waited for him to walk away, the Stormtrooper doing his best to avoid looking at your exchange, whilst also trying to appear attentive. Aware that you both should have broken company by now you turned first, stopped suddenly by his hand as it grasped your arm. “I meant it (y/n) you are safe. You will not be touched” You blinked, thanking him once again, his fingertips briefly digging into your arm before he let you go. You hoped that he was right and that Verlux wouldn’t make an attempt. Aware that practically there was very little Lord Ren could do once he left the planet, which surely couldn’t be long now. You spoke your farewells; “Good night my Lord Ren,” then decided to play a bid for bravery. “should I hope to see you again?” He didn’t reply, and you felt embarrassment at your foolish attempt at letting him know you would have enjoyed his company another time. Quickly you made to leave, forgetting he had hold of your arm until you pulled against the hand grasping it. You tilted your head up at him, unsure now of how to proceed. He touched the side of your face, his leather clad knuckles stroking across your cheek bone. “Good night little-one.” His voice was oddly quiet, almost choked and you watched as he left you, returning through the same door you had entered. The Stormtrooper stood straighter, and you gathered he was waiting for you. You motioned for him to show you to the exit, and you followed him towards a waiting speeder. You had been quiet, thoughtful all the journey home, sneaking into your bed in the small room in the dormitories. By rights you should have alerted someone to your arrival home, but you couldn’t face any of them, you were too emotionally exhausted by tonight’s event. First the terror, then the relief, followed by the sadness of his dismissal of you. Instead you just crawled further under the coverlet, hoping to stay hidden for a while. No such luck was afforded to you, the tapping of heeled shoes heading towards your chambers hadn’t gone unnoticed. You assumed the worst as the woman had swept into her room. Your Dorm Matron was not known for her compassionate nature, nor did she easily forgive failures, and upsetting Verlux would count as one. You took a deep breath sitting up in her bed, no longer confident in your actions earlier. Cursing yourself for having done exactly what was practically beaten into not to do from day one, you had allowed sentiment to interfere. You should have been encouraging Verlux towards bidding on your virgin price, your first night. Instead you had stupidly thought little about the future. The feeling of being safe in his arms had allowed personal feelings to interfere with what was purely a job. Something about the strength in his arms, and his quiet nature had made you feel too secure, protected. Worried that she was here to punish you had begun to quickly apologise, to beg for another chance anything to avoid the woman’s wrath. Suddenly stopping as you realised the woman was smiling at you. “Up until now your main bidder had been Verlux. However tonight he has rescinded his bid. It appears he does not wish to appear in direct competition with the Supreme Leaders apprentice.” The woman sat down on the bed, and took hold of your hand as you shook your head in disbelief at her, the words not quite making sense. “Lord Ren has put a bid in, for me?” You spoke carefully, trying to keep all emotion from your voice, not wanting to appear excited. Matron shook her head, pursing her lips in thought. “No, not yet though we were told to expect one.” You sat up wide eyed at this, pulling your knees to your chest. leaning back against the beds headboard. Timidly asking if this was a good thing, unsure how anyone could be this happy with a maybe. The woman clucked at you, “Of course it’s a good thing, silly girl. Do you not realise the prestige this would bring to us? The Supreme Leaders favoured apprentice. He has never so much as glanced at any of the others, not in the four years we have known of him. Maybe you are not as useless as I first thought.” Useless, the word echoed around in your head. You knew that having been sold to the brothel much older than most pleasure slaves, your training not as long, or comprehensive as those who had been there since their early teens. But you hoped you had learnt your lessons fast. Matron went on; explaining that every effort would be made to ensure that you could be thrust under the Commanders gaze. A lot of effort for what realistically could all be for nothing, there was no knowledge of if he would even be at anymore events, let alone put a bid in. But at a guess the Brothel couldn’t risk looking uninterested, nor risk someone else gaining his interest. The unshakable feeing that this was all for nothing, coupled with a nervous excitement that you might see him again felt heavy, like an iron weight in your stomach. True to her word you had been sent on every social event you could possibly attend. It seemed the brothel was determined to keep your virginity intact, long past your assumed first night. You assumed it was to further entice him into making a bid, though it surely had to end sometime. It was two weeks past what should have been your first night, and you had been called to a formal officers’ dinner. It was the first event that you had seen him at since Verlux’s party. It had not been at the dinner table, but after eating as the guests walked in the formal gardens that you had encountered him; You had been talking with a young petty officer called Mitaka. Laughing, at an amusing training story, when Lord Ren had stridden past you. He had paused, looking straight at you, and you had stupidly spoken a greeting. His hands had curled into fists, and his head tilted to one side as you both watched each other, your heart thudding in your chest. He didn’t speak but instead turned away, leaving a sickening feeling forming in the pit of your stomach. Why the hell hadn’t you kept quiet? It would have saved yourself the embarrassment of everyone knowing he was ignoring you. That hadn’t deterred any of the brothel keepers though. Here you where, now attending a dress fitting for the upcoming celebration. The whole brothel had been contracted to provide services for the four-day celebration, the planets overseer having provided a generous expense budget. A commotion from outside sounded, the shouts getting louder and closer. Soon intermingled with blaster fire. Suddenly, the door to the tailors’ shop swung open, and two men strode in pointing blasters at you all. They were covered from head to toe in rags, only their eyes visible and they looked haunted, desperate as they swept across you all. Behind them the shop window exploded, a shower of glass shattering over them as man stepped within to join them, pointing a blazer at you all. This one wore what had once been loose fitting robes and a scarf covered his face. “Back against the wall, all of you, and no sudden moves” You all followed the man’s instructions, and another, a fourth man joined them from what had been the window. From the shouts outside, and the panic in this man’s eyes they had been cornered. They were stupid. How could they possibly think to bargain with you, civilians. “We’re just whores, please just let us go! Those troopers outside, they will kill us just as quickly as you” You spoke out in desperation your voice cracking despite your best attempts to appear brave for everyone else. You hoped that if they just left you alone, and quickly enough you all might all be safe from the Stormtroopers. “Shut up!” The first man yelled, shouldering his baster. “Just go, leave.” this time it was the Tailor who spoke, his voice low and calm “There’s a back entrance. Just go quickly and you can all escape that way.” You watched the three men drawing together, keeping their weapons and eyes trained on you all, whilst they conversed quietly. It was impossible to make out words, but you assumed they were weighing up their choices. Whilst outside the blaster fire seemed to be slowing down, and the shouts could be heard clearer, closer. “They’re coming closer; you need to leave now.” The shop keeper spoke again this time the desperation showing in his voice. “The girl didn’t lie, stay here and we are all dead men. Go and you stand a chance.” This seemed to spur the men on. Both started towards the back of the shop, one pausing briefly to roughly grab your arm. “They may still shoot at you, but at least you’ll provide us some protection.” “NO!” you screamed. Trying to pull away from them, knowing you were definitely dead if they took you. The Stormtroopers wouldn't hesitate to shoot through your body to get at these men. Your teeth and nails attacked the hand that gipped you, until he had to let go, letting you fall to the floor. “You, stupid bitch,” He yelled furiously, whilst pointing his blaster towards you. The shouting outside the shop growing louder still. The First Order troopers where outside. Suddenly a thud sounded, and you gasped for air. A canister had been launched into the room, filling it with black smoke, making it impossible to see or breath. Panicking at both the lack of air, and the poor visibility, it was impossible to breath properly. You screamed in pain when something hard hit your leg, followed by an intense burning sensation. The smoky air, and lack of oxygen made you completely disorientated, and you stumbled at where you thought door to be. You had, had to practically crawl, your leg unable to take your weight. You desperately needed to find fresh air. When you finally made it to the door you collapsed into the gutter, frantically gulping in the sweet untainted air. But it wasn't enough, your vision blurred as a black clad figure strode towards you, crouching down to look at you as she gasped for air. “Oxygen” You recognised that toneless, mechanical voice, and you watched gratefully through blurry eyes as a medic placed a mask over your mouth. Your breathing regulated, and he stood looking down at your injured thigh. “Have her taken to my shuttle. I want her in the Finalizers medical bay, and treated within the hour.” “Yes Sir! And the Resistance members we found inside?” “Have them taken to an interrogation cell, I will deal with the remaining two personally." He turned to walk away from you, pausing to issue another order. "And FN-3415, find me the Trooper who threw that smoke grenade.” You could feel the anger rolling off him, as you heard his unmasked voice resonating within your head. You should have panicked at the intrusion, instead you found it strangely soothing. ‘ Sleep . You’ll feel the pain less when they move you. Don’t fight me, I need for you to stay calm . Please. ’ Your body responded to his wishes despite your best attempts to fight it, His concern nakedly obvious in this method of communication. The last memory you had before you woke again; was of him activating his blade, attacking a nearby wall before he continued to walk away.