Pleasant Dreams You were on your knees in front of him, your hands tied tightly behind your back with his belt. You bit your lip looking up at him, and he raised a red eyebrow at you. His left hand held the riding crop. It came down suddenly with a SMACK. You squeaked as you felt the welt begin to form on your backside. “Well, officer,” his voice betrayed nothing. “You were given an order.” His cock was directly in front of your face, already hard and dripping for you. He liked seeing you on your knees. Tentatively, you opened your mouth, your tongue darting out in order to catch a drop of precum. His breath caught at the contact, but he didn’t groan as you had hoped. Still on your knees, you scooted yourself a bit closer to him. Finally, you took his cock into your mouth and moaned. He tasted salty and bitter, but you didn’t mind. As you sucked, you looked up at his face. He could have been giving a speech for how professional and cold his features seemed. You took him a bit further down your throat and was rewarded with the slight twitching of an eyebrow. His lips were pressed into a thin line, but there was a slight turn upwards. “That’s it, officer.” His voice was breathy, and you groaned at the sound. “Suck that cock like a good little slut.” You closed your eyes, concentrating on the feeling of his dick in your throat. He was letting you do all the work, his hips barely thrusting. You panties were soaked at this point, your cunt throbbing with want. “You like my cock, don’t you, officer?” His hand tangled in your hair, ruining your regulation bun. “You like the taste of it, don’t you?” You moaned in answer, sucking him harder. You could barely breathe, and your cunt clenched even harder in response. Fuck! What was this man doing to you? His hips were thrusting now. He was panting as he held your head tightly, pounding his cock down your throat. “Do you want more, slut? You want to taste my cum?” You whined through your nose, swallowing around his thickness. Your thighs were rubbing against each other in an effort to get yourself off. “That’s it! Take it!” The general was suddenly groaning, and you felt his cock twitching on your tongue. “You take that fucking cum like a good little slut.” You gasped as the alarm went off. Bleary-eyed, your hand pounded against the snooze button. Why couldn’t you have had five more minutes? You stretched, trying to get the kinks out of your neck as you stood up. Your panties were just as soaked as they had been in the dream. Fuck. Chapter 2 : Peaked Interest Summary: Two hours into your shift, and your find out who exactly you sent your wet dream to. How will the General react when he finds about your secret desires? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You had managed to get to your workstation with a few minutes to spare. Sure you had to skip breakfast, but that was hardly a major concern. Lieutenant Mitaka, who up until recently had been the main inspiration for your wet dreams, nodded to you as you sat at your station. He had a very small, but noticeable smile on his face and it made your cheeks blush hotly. You returned his smile before concentrating on your work, and attempting to ignore the wetness between your legs. For a brief moment, you wondered what it would look like if it had been Mitaka in your dreams instead of the General, but you swiftly dismissed the idea. Mitaka was far too sweet for such depravity, and your dreams had always reflected this. It wasn’t as though you actually knew that for certain, but he was always so polite towards you. Shy smiles and little compliments every now and again were all you could expect from him. He would never command you with as much ease as the General would. And fuck help you, but that thought made you clench uncomfortably. You had to shake your head in attempt to clear your thoughts if you ever wanted to be able to get back to work. You double checked to make sure no one had noticed your inner struggles before focusing on your job. Two hours into your shift, you got a message. My office. Ten minutes ~Gen. Hux Your fingers froze over your keyboard as a cold sweat began beading at your hairline. What would the general possibly want with you? You swallowed nervously as you logged off of your station, reported to the Lieutenant, and began walking towards the ginger general’s office. You had just enough time to get there if you didn’t dawdle, and it took all your willpower and training not to drag your feet like a petulant child. You knocked on the door in three quick raps. “Report?” came a cold, abrupt voice from the screen on the right side of the door. There was a small camera and mic above the flickering image of the general, who was not even looking. You cleared your throat. “Officer l/n, sir,” you answered. “You wished to see me?” You hadn’t meant to make it sound like a question, and it grated against your ears. You hated the idea of sounding like a timid girl fresh out of the academy, even if that was what you were. “Enter,” he said simply, his gaze flicking ever so briefly to the screen before the door opened before you. You followed orders, your heels clicking lightly against the steal of the floor. There was a rush of air behind you as the door closed, and you heard a distinct click of the lock. You swallowed again, trying to keep your back straight. As far as you knew, you had done nothing wrong. Surely you weren’t there to be punished. Were you? You stopped before his desk, still standing as he had not given you permission to sit. “Officer l/n,” Hux began, eyes glued to the datapad in his hand. “Are you aware that I was in a rather important strategy meeting at 05:00 hours?” He stood from his desk, still grasping his datapad as he began circling towards you. Now how were you supposed to know that? And more importantly, why was he bringing it up? “I-I was unaware, sir.” “I suppose, then,” he handed the datapad to you. “You had not meant to send this at that time?” Send what? You looked at the datapad in your hand and froze. “You like my cock, don’t you, officer?” His hand tangled in your hair, ruining your regulation bun. “You like the taste of it, don’t you?” Oh fuck. You felt your face pale as breath refused to enter your lungs. You-you had sent the transcript of your wet dream to . . . Your eyes flew towards him, catching his severe frown, a single pale eyebrow cocked in question. “I-I” you stammered. “Quite the authoress, aren’t we?” he did not smirk at your obvious discomfort, but you could almost feel how pleased he was because of it. “Eyes front officer” Your head snapped straight ahead, heels of your shoes clicking together as you stood at attention. You could feel your pale face begin to bloom in a hot blush. The General walked around you, stopping until he was a hair’s breadth behind. He bent his head as his hot breath hit your ear. He smelled like coffee, mint, and cigarettes. “Do you know how distracting your little temptation was?” His voice was low and gravely in your ear, but you dared not look away from the wall. You felt a hand caress your back from the nape of your neck to the belt holding up your black pencil skirt. “Do you realize how impossible it was to get the image out of my head? Did you send it on purpose, officer? Are you a slut for your general?” You moaned quietly in the back of your throat. You couldn’t stop your body from trembling at his words. Was he angry with you? It was certainly inappropriate, but it had been done on accident, and besides that, you couldn’t be penalized for having wet dreams. “Poor little whore is trembling, is she?” he asked with a hiss in his voice. The hand that had caressed your back now moved to your front, pressing you against him. You let out a gasp as he ground the evidence of his arousal into the swell of your ass. “Were you trying to seduce me, officer? Well, consider my interest peaked.” Your knees felt weak as he ground himself against you, one arm coming up to grasp you around your chest as that sinful hand crept lower and lower, catching the hem of your skirt before lifting it up. “You wanted this, didn’t you, slut?” his voice was deeper, his leather clad fingers sneaking their way between your trembling thighs. “How long have you thought about me taking you? How many filthy dreams has your naughty mind conjured up?” You groaned as you thrust your hips towards his hand. You felt lightheaded, unsure of what exactly was going on, confused as to what you were allowing him to do. “S-sir?” Your voice was a mere whisper as the hand at your chest began unfastening the buttons there. “You will call me ‘general’, is that understood, my little slut?” You were trembling, frantically nodding your head as your eyes closed tightly. “Yes, General.” “Good,” he purred, the fingers of one hand stroking you against your panties, as the other pulled down the cups of your bra, allowing your breasts to bounce free. “Oh stars,” you whimpered as two fingers began pinching and pulling at one of your nipples. “Listen very carefully now,” he sounded as though he were simply giving orders from the bridge. “If at any point you want me to stop, you will say ‘red’. If you say ‘yellow’ then I will be slow, and if you say ‘green’ I will know you want me to keep going. Understand, whore?” You nodded, whimpering as his fingers stopped just as they were about to move aside your panties. “I need a verbal confirmation, officer. What color?” “Green!” you all but shouted before his deft fingers slipped past your panties, tracing your slit, gathering the wetness already forming to bring to your clit. All the while you could feel his hard erection against your ass. You groaned, allowing your head to fall to his chest. “Oh, General!” You could feel his smirk as he began kissing and nipping at your neck. “Good girl, officer. Such a good little slut for me.” He gathered more of your wetness, rubbing it on your clit in small, tight circles. “Does that feel good, whore?” You groaned, “Oh, yes, sir.” “General,” he reminded, pinching your clit hard and making you squeal. “General! Oh, fuck, General, it feels so good!” He nipped in the space between your neck and shoulder as he drew his fingers back down your slit. He circled your entrance with one as he groaned into your skin. “You’re so fucking wet for me, officer. My little cum-whore.” Your groans turned into a sharp shriek as he plunged one long finger into your wetness, immediately searching for that sweet little spot that made your toes curl. You thrashed your hips as though trying to get away, only succeeding in rubbing yourself harder against his erection as his fingers finally found that bit of spongey nerves within you. He groaned. “That’s it, l/n. Such a good slut for your general.” He rubbed himself more firmly against your backside, drawing up your skirt as he did so, so that his still clothed cock could rub against the lace of your panties. He chuckled in your ear. “A matching set, officer? Mmmmmm, someone has been planning this.” Your left breast was in his hand, and he bounced it slightly to get a feel of the weight. “With an ass and tits like yours, you should only be allowed to wear lace.” His face was at your neck again as he added to your increasing collection of markings. “Color?” “Green!” you moaned loudly, and he added a second finger. He began pumping them in and out of you, being sure to catch that delicious spot that made you squirm and cry out. The heel of his hand busily rubbed against your clit, and his other hand was squeezing and rubbing your breasts. With his hands all over you, his teeth at your neck, cock rubbing against your ass, and how fucking turned on you had been before all of this, it wasn’t too surprising when your found yourself very quickly on the edge. “Oh fuck, General!” It was the only warning you could give before your cunt clamped down on his fingers, your muscles tightened as your hips jerked this way and that. “Fuck!” The General groaned into your neck, the heel of his hand still rubbing at your clit, while his fingers stilled within you. He drew out your orgasm as long as possible, enjoying the sweet sounds you made without realizing. When finally your cries of pleasure turned to slight whimpers of overstimulation, the General ceased his torment, though he still grasped your breast in his other hand. Your orgasm had been a flash of fire that burned through your nervous system. Bright light had blinded you brilliantly as you fell limp in the General’s strong arms. You felt his fingers slowly leave your dripping center, casually brushing against your clit as they left your thoroughly soaked panties. You heard him chuckle against your ear. “Someone needed that.” His voice had somehow gone darker. You pried your eyes open to see the glistening remains of your cum on his once pristine black gloves. Your eyes widened as he brought his fingers to his beautiful lips, sucking them slowly clean. You both groaned at the sight and taste. “Fuck, l/n,” the General groaned as he pulled you even closer to him. “You taste so fucking sweet.” You stared blearily as he turned his intense blue gaze to your face. His pupils were entirely black, the icy blues receded to barely there rings. He turned your head so that you were both staring into each other’s eyes. “I want more.” Notes: Wow! Thanks for everyone who gave kudos! And sorry for how long it took to get this second chapter out. Not sure, really where I'm going with this, but let's not worry about that just yet, shall we? Chapter 3 : Good Girl Summary: The General isn't done with you. Not by a long shot. “I want more.” His voice had gone beautifully low, and his eyes bore into you with more heat than you thought possible. He flipped you around so that you were facing him before backing you towards his desk. It had already been cleared off, and you shivered at the thought that he had planned this. He picked you up as though you weighed nothing at all, and placed you gently on your back. Your skirt he shoved higher as he knelt before you. He had already tugged aside your panties before he looked up with those beautifully dangerous eyes. “Color?” You could feel his breath on your exposed cunt. “Oh fuck, General,” you said on a breath. “Color, officer,” the General reminded you. “Or this stops.” His face inched closer to where you wanted him. “Green, please, General!” His mouth came down on you, hot and wet and delicious. You groaned loudly as he traced his hot tongue against your slit, kissing at your lips, nipping at the skin of your thigh. He was everywhere but where you desperately needed him, and you squirmed beneath his icy gaze. A strong arm pinned your hips to the desk. “None of that,” he said as he nuzzled at the soft skin of your thigh. “You’ll take what I give you, and crave more.” His tongue darted just inside of you, lapping at the juices and groaning in pleasure. “Stars, you’re sweet. Do you know how sweet you are?” You shook your head, barely aware of anything besides the heat of his breath on you. You felt two leather-clad fingers reenter you, pumping slowly and making you whimper. “Here,” he said as his fingers left you. You blinked as you felt them at your lips, opened your mouth on instinct. He pumped his fingers into your mouth, against your tongue as though it were inside your cunt. “Clean it. Taste how sweet you are.” You loved how low his voice was, loved how dark his eyes had become. You sucked his fingers as though they were his cock, keeping eye contact the entire time. His eyes widened slightly as you moaned against his fingers. Truth be told, you didn’t like the way you tasted. You thought it was far too bitter. But you lapped up every drop, if only because of the way he was looking at you, as though he had just seen something rare and precious. “Fuck, l/n,” he groaned, taking away his fingers. “You love this don’t you?” You whimpered as you nodded your head. “Please, General,” your voice was soft. “Give me more?” He growled, actually growled, before he shoved those same fingers back in your cunt, Finally, finally, his wicked mouth attached itself to your stiff clit and sucked hard. His tongue massaged against it, wet and hot and perfect. “Oh, fuck! General, it feels so good!” You couldn’t thrash your hips, but you arched your back, groaning his title. “You like that, little slut?” he asked as he lapped at your clit. “You like being eaten by your General? Hmm? Moaning like a common whore?” “Oh, yes, General!” You panted. “Fuck me, General please!” He chuckled into your soaked cunt. You could feel it, and it sent tingles up your spine in more ways than one. “In a moment, sweet. First. I want you to cum on my tongue.” He attacked your cunt, positively devouring it and moaning as he did so. You could barely breathe, and your body was so hot. You begged, pleaded for him, promised him anything as long as he made you cum. Your legs were shaking and your hands went to his perfect red hair. He growled and nipped at you, yanking your hands away. “No touching without my permission, officer.” You whimpered low in your throat. “Yes, General. I’m sorry, General.” He grinned wickedly at you before attacking your aching cunt once more. He sucked on your clit, eyes closed and groaning in pleasure. His fingers twisted until they found your sweet spot. When you squeaked, he began rubbing it harder, sucking harder. “General!” you moaned, arching your back again. “Oh, fuck!” Your cunt began to clench. “I think I’m gonna-“ “Yeees,” he growled into you. “Cum on my face like a good little slut!” Two more pumps of his fingers, one long suck and a lick to your clit, and you were gone. Thrashing on his desk with your hands in your own hair. You still couldn’t move your hips, but you struggled against him nonetheless. You didn’t scream. There wasn’t enough air in the room. Half choked sobs poured from your throat as you reached that bright peak. You didn’t hear him chuckle, but you could feel his tongue slowly lapping at your entrance, drinking in your cum. When you finally came down, he was still at it, gently lapping at your cunt to get every drop of your juice. The sight made you clench again. “General,” you breathed. Your skin was slicked with sweat, and you could feel the heat in your face and chest. Your breasts rose and fell with your frantic breathing. “Mmmm, you look delicious, l/n,” his cum covered face smirked wickedly up at you. Feeling bold, you stuck out your chin, a small smirk of your own forming. “You look good in my cum, General.” His pale brows drew together as he glared up at you. “And you will look magnificent in mine, but sadly not today.” As he stood he drew his fingers over his mouth before sucking at what they had gathered. “You have the sweetest little cunt I’ve ever tasted, l/n.” If your face was not already flushed, you would be blushing. Instead, you settled for turning your face away in embarrassment. “Thank you, General.” His hand came to your chin, tilting your face so that you were looking at him. His other hand unfastened his belt, allowing it drop to the floor. You watched in fascination as his slim fingers undid his pants before pulling out . . . Oh stars! You gulped as you saw it, long and thick. You weren’t a blushing virgin, but you had never had a cock of that size before. Would it even fit? He began stroking it slowly, staring at your reaction. “Color?” The gentleness of his voice is what brought you out of your daze. You brought your eyes to his face, just as serious as if he were handing out orders on the battle field. But there was a warmth in his normally cold eyes, a gentleness in the slight curve of his lips. “You can say ‘red’, officer,” he reminded you. The hand that had grasped your chin rose to stroke your cheek with the backs of his fingers. So gentle. You hesitated a moment, glancing back down at his purple, painful looking cock. “Y-yellow,” you stumbled over the word before looking back at him. You had only said ‘green’ so far. Was he disappointed? Angry? He nodded slightly before moving both hands to grasp at your legs. He brought them to his shoulders, and nestled himself between them. “I’ll be slow, sweet. If you want me to stop at any time, remember the colors. I won’t be angry with you.” He leant down to kiss your cheek with soft lips. In the process, the head of his hard length rubbed against your clit deliciously. You moaned low in your throat, raising your hips slightly. He grinned as his lips pulled away. “Nervous, and still you’re such an eager little thing.” He grasped at his cock again, rubbing it against you. “Will this satisfy you, my little whore?” His voice had gone dark again, and it made you shiver. “Only one way to find out, General.” You held his gaze, your chest still heaving. He clenched his teeth as he slowly prodded you, pushing his way in. Maker, but he was big. The head of his cock slowly stretched you, just barely in before he was pulling out again. His thumb found your click as he pushed back in, easing himself into your tight cunt. “Fuck, l/n,” he groaned when he was only half way there. “You’re not a virgin are you?” “I-I almost feel like one, sir,” you moaned as you angled your hips to help him. “You feel so big.” You saw his chest puff out at that. No matter how powerful men were, it seemed they all liked being praised for their size. The General might be the first man you’ve ever had that truly deserved that praise. Finally, after carefully making his way in, the head of his cock reached your cervix. You were both moaning, sweating against each other. “Color?” his sounded hoarse, his brows drawn in concentration as he watched your face. “Green, General,” you moaned. “So fucking green!” He groaned, nuzzling at your thigh, kissing your skin sweetly. “You feel so tight, l/n. So fucking tight.” His thrusts were slow at first, his hips rolling gently against yours. “Your cunt is squeezing me, as though it never wants to let go.” You thrust your hips up, gasping as he hit your cervix. “Oh stars! I don’t want to let it go!” He groaned as his thrusts picked up speed. “Fuck, your sounds are so pretty.” He hit your cervix again. “You like that?” You groaned, arching your back again. “Oh yes, General! Yes! Fuck me, please!” The sound of skin slapping skin echoed in the mostly quiet office, your groans and gasps providing a pleasant melody. The General held back his own sounds, enjoying those that came from your sweet lips. His thumb left your clit, wet with your juices, and stuck itself between your lips. “Such a good girl. Such a good little whore for your General. Is this what you were hoping for, slut?” His hips were pounding into you, his cock striking your cervix with each thrust. “You like being pounded by your General, don’t you? Does this feel good?” You nodded your head as you sucked on his thumb. You weren’t sure which question you were answering, but it didn’t matter as long as he didn’t stop. You wanted to touch him, wanted to run your hands through his red hair, but you dared not without his permission. Instead, your hands found themselves on your breasts. Your slender fingers twisted at your nipples as your palms cupped and squeezed the soft flesh. “Oh fuck!” the General exclaimed as his thumb abandoned your mouth. “Yeah, just like that. Squeeze yourself just like that!” He was rubbing at your clit again, angling his hips to hit that sweet spot inside of you. “I want you to cum. I want you to cum all over this cock! Filthy fucking whore!” You keened, your cunt beginning to clench around him as you stared at his reddened face. Fuck he was gorgeous! “That’s it, baby!” he thrust even harder as he nipped at your tender thighs. “Cum all over me! Show me that you’re my good little slut!” His fingers pinched your clit, and you were gone. You screamed, body going rigid, muscles straining painfully. Your back arched until only your shoulders were on the General’s desk. Your eyes were shut tight, and your fingers clawed at your own breasts. You could feel the General’s cock throbbing inside you. You could faintly hear his own groaning, and you could certainly feel the sudden flood of heat as it poured inside of you in what seemed to be endless streams. Somebody needed this. After that you weren’t really aware of anything. You could feel your body being moved. Something warm and wet at your cunt before your panties were replaced. You could feel the cold air on a foot that had somehow lost its shoe. Then you could feel your body being held, though you didn’t bother opening your eyes. Everything thrummed in pleasure. Your muscles were twitching, your throat humming softly in the afterglow. You could feel your warm skin pressed up against something hard. As your eyes fluttered open, you realized where you were. Curled up on the General’s lap as he read over a report. His arm supported you, pressing you against himself as he flicked through his datapad. Funny, you couldn’t remember what happened to it after you read the accidental message. “Welcome back,” his voice was soft, not warm exactly but certainly not cold. He turned his pretty blue eyes towards you, a small barely there smirk on his beautiful face. “Was I gone somewhere?” you asked stupidly, your tongue thick. He barked a laugh. “I would say so. You’ve been resting for the better part of an hour, pet.” His hand caressed your hip where he held you. “I take it you found the experience enjoyable?” “Fuck, yes, sir. Green all the way.” You didn’t mean to snuggle into him, but that’s what happened. If it bothered the General he made no sign of it. “I’m glad to hear it, l/n.” He placed the datapad on his desk, before bringing his hand to your face, stroking gently. “I had hoped you would be interested in a more lengthy experience.” “Lengthy, sir?” You blinked up at him, you could feel your cunt clench at the thought. But surely he wasn’t really suggesting . . . not with you, anyway. Surely. His soft lips were on your forehead, your hair. He breathed through his nose, inhaling the sweet scent of sex. “It is surprisingly difficult to find anyone interested in this kind of sex, l/n. At least on this star destroyer. Almost impossible to find anyone quite so pretty to look at. And I'm aching for more.” His hand was gentle as it caressed down your throat, to your breasts, teasing the already sore nipples. “I-I can imagine, sir.” Your eyes were fluttering as you felt the cool leather catch on your skin. “It would not have an effect, positive or negative, on your career, you understand. I will have another superior officer who is not directly under my command who will decide whether or not you deserve a promotion and the like.” You nodded as you felt his breath hit your neck. His soft lips gently caressing the bruised skin he found there. “If you are interested in pursuing this, pet, all I can guarantee you is a ready and waiting cock to fuck you. I can promise as many screaming orgasms as your pretty little body can take. I can make sure that you are always stationed under me, if that is your wish.” You shivered as you felt his wet tongue soothe the markings he left on your neck. “I would be your whore?” your voice wavered. He must have thought the pitch to your voice was one of displeasure, as his mouth quickly abandoned your neck. “You would be my good girl. If you are uninterested, you will not be penalized in any way.” His hands were slipping from your body. Half panicked you turned in his lap to face him, your legs now straddling his hips. “No! I mean, yes! I mean . . .” you watched as he raised a single pale eyebrow. “I mean, I want to be your good girl, General.” The smirk on his face was delicious as his hands crept up your skirt again. “Well, then,” his voice had grown dark as his large hands cupped the curve of your ass. “Color?” Chapter 4 : Off With You Now Summary: You were about to answer when there was sudden knock at the door. Sadly, no smut in this chapter. But the General will make an appearance in the next if all things go well :) *Ya know, after a while, I really don't like this chapter. But I feel it's necessary, regardless if I like it or not. I don't know if it's just because there's no smut, or the fact that I hate introducing new characters, or maybe it doesn't feel like it progresses the plot (there's really not much of one. I just love me some ginger space nazi). But regardless. I'm gonna enjoy writing the next chapter a hell of a lot more. :P You were about to answer when there was sudden knock at the door. The General furrowed his pale brow before picking you up and gently placing you on the ground before he could rise from his chair. He walked to where your missing shoe was laying before handing it to you. “Go into my fresher,” he said pointing to a small door beside the couch. “Clean yourself up, but wait until I alert you to come out. I’m afraid we shall have to content ourselves until the end of the work day.” His face was as professional as ever, but you thought you could see a bit of disappointment in his eyes. You gave him a small smile before scurrying into the fresher, one black heel held in your hand. You heard the General answer whoever it was before the door closed with a swish behind you. It made sense that the General would have a private fresher, you thought. Especially given his work load. He wouldn’t want to leave his office unless he was manning the bridge. That was understandable. What surprised you, however, was the small shower stall that was beside the sink. The entire room was so small you could stretch out and touch two walls. You laughed under your breath. Even your fresher was bigger. You used the facilities, and cleaned the remaining cum from where it had dripped down your thighs. Your panties were a lost cause, completely soaked in various fluids. You frowned, trying to wipe up as much as you could before you reluctantly replaced them. As you straightened your uniform you couldn’t help but admire the varying shades of red and purple marks the General left on your neck, relieved to find that your high collar covered them completely. Your hair was a rat’s nest, but you at least found a comb. You had to practically soak your head in the sink in order to comb it all out. You would have vastly preferred a brush, but you supposed you had to be grateful he had anything you could work with. There was nothing to dry your hair with, so you quickly put it up in the most professional bun you could manage, and replaced your cap. If anyone looked at you closely, you supposed, they would be able to tell that something was different about you. You just hoped no one would bother. There was a light knock on the door. “General?” your voice was quiet, as though you were expecting someone else to burst through that door. “You may come out now, if you’re read, officer,” his voice was cool and professional. You already found yourself missing how dark it had been while you were panting for him. You opened the door to find him waiting for you. His face was cool and detached, but his eyes twinkled with mischief. “Sir?” you ask, standing a bit straighter. “Lieutenant Mitaka was just inquiring as to where you were, seeing as you’ve been in my office for close to two hours now.” He stepped aside to let you pass. “You will inform him that you were verbally reprimanded for a small mistake a week or so ago, and afterwards you used the refresher. I doubt anyone will ask details, but if they do you do not wish to speak of it.” “I take it you would prefer that this is kept between us, sir?” You nodded your head in understanding. “I would prefer that yes.” His hand reached for yours, brining your finger tips to his soft lips. ‘I would greatly appreciate your cooperation, pet.” You shivered as his hot breath hit your skin, practically moaned as his lips gently caressed your hand. “I am yours to command, General.” “Not a command, officer. Think of it as a favor, one I shall repay in full in more . . . enjoyable encounters.” His voice dipped deliciously low once again, as something flashed behind his cold eyes. You shivered. “I look forward to our next encounter, then, my General.” He looked you over briefly, tucking a strand of hair behind your ear, before leading you to the door. “As do I, officer l/n. You will go eat something before returning to work.” He smirked at this. “I fear I may have exhausted you more than originally intended.” You blushed. “It’s a good kind of exhaustion, sir. I wouldn’t mind being exhausted all day.” He stopped you before you could open the door, turning your face to him. “That, my dear, is a day I look forward to with great anticipation.” He held your chin, keeping your head still as his soft lips caressed your brow. “Off with you, now, officer.” You were in a daze as you walked the halls of the Finalizer, only able to shake yourself out of it once you were in line for food. And only then because Lieutenant Mitaka was behind you, looking at you with a worried expression on his face. “Are you alright, l/n?” he asked, a hand on your elbow. “Your meeting with the General ran rather long.” “Hmm? Oh, yes, well . . .” What were you supposed to say, again? “Was he really that upset with you?” “I . . . uh, I’d rather not talk about it, Lieutenant,” you said haltingly. “If-if you don’t mind.” Mitaka nodded as though he understood. “The General can be very exacting at times, l/n. Just be sure that you correct whatever mistake it was, and keep yourself from doing it again.” Oh, but you wanted to do it again. And again. And again. But instead of answering, you gave him one of your accustomed smiles and nodded. “Thank you, Lieutenant. I appreciate the concern.” He returned your small smile with one of his own, his dark eyes lighting up at seemingly lightening your mood. “Sit with me, l/n.” he offered, a light blush on his pale cheekbones. “It’s been too long since you and I had a chance to catch up on things.” You smiled and nodded, grabbing at whatever food was available before heading to the table you and Mitaka usually sat at whenever you had meals together. “Has your mother called yet?” You asked as you stirred your pasta with the sauce, making sure every noodle was coated before eating. “Oh, no,” he stammered out as he did the same. “Not yet, no. But she’s been so busy with things at home, I’m not too surprised. And yours?” You rolled your eyes before you could stop yourself. “When does my mother not call? Apparently there’s a wealthy baron she thinks she can set me up with.” Mitaka looked away. “A baron would make a good husband. Would be able to provide for you, and any children.” “But I’d have to give up my military career,” you said as you furrowed your brow in annoyance. “Ah, yes,” Mitaka grinned teasingly. “There’s always a catch isn’t there?” “Who’s a catch?” a feminine voice reached your ear as your friend Molls plopped beside you. Mitaka frowned for a moment before smiling again. “I am, obviously,” you giggled. “According to my mother, every eligible bachelor on our planet wants to marry me.” Molls flipped her hand in a dismissive gesture. “Only because you’re the prettiest thing ever to come out of that cold dump. How much you wanna bet your mother has pictures of your *ahem* assets to show off?” You shuddered at the thought. “She’s not that bad, you know.” “No,” Molls admitted, taking a bit of her pudding cup. “She just wants you married with children regardless of what you want. Military ambitions be damned, you should be a mother.” You laughed at that. “Oh, sure, let me put my wants on hold so I can birth the next generation of soldiers. Sounds great.” “Well, I would hate to see you go, l/n” Mitaka added, not looking at you. “You’re very capable at your job, and an asset to the Order.” “Gee, Mitaka,” Molly laughed. “Tell her how you really feel.” You finished your food before getting up. “I’ve gotta go, guys. I have quite a bit of work to catch up on.” “Fine, but we’re making fun of our mothers later!” Molls called out after you. Mitaka, for his part, just waved, giving you that gentle smile before returning his attention to his own food. Molls was a doctor in medbay, and was one of the few friends you managed to make during your short time onboard. You had met her after fracturing your finger when you “accidentally” hit a wall after your mother called you to complain how she didn’t have grandbabies from you yet. It’s not like she had three grandchildren from your siblings, or anything. You two had bonded over your mutual annoyance of your overly controlling mothers. In fact, the entire reason why you had entered into the Academy was because of your desire to get away from her. You shook your head free of such thoughts as you sat at your station once more. If you were lucky, you would be able to catch up on work while only staying an extra hour or so after everyone else left for the day. That was the hope anyway, and with that in mind, you focused yourself on the many tasks at hand and turned a blind eye to anything and everything else in the room. Unless someone gave you orders directly, you ignored them all. It was going to be a long night. Chapter 5 : Give You What You Want Summary: The General makes your dreams come true. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) An hour and a half after most others in your sector had left for the evening, and you just finished your work. You were just about to shut everything down when you received a message. Meet me in my office ~Gen. Hux You couldn’t stop your smile, or the blush dusting the tops of your cheekbones. You quickly looked around to make sure there was no one around to see you before shutting everything down, and doing your very best not to just skip to the General. You were in a significantly better mood as you knocked on the General’s door. Three quick raps. It opened a moment later, and you stepped into the now dimly lit room. The General was not sitting at his desk, but there was a decanter of an amber liquid with two glasses. One of which was already half-filled, and there was a lip mark on the rim. An arm snaked around your waist, drawing you to the General’s hard body. “Good evening, l/n.” His voice had already gone deliciously low. “I see you managed to finish your work for the day?” You shivered as his warm breath hit your neck, his soft lips caressing the skin he found there. “Yes, my General,” you breathed, turning your head in hopes for a kiss. His lips caressed your temple, ignoring your pout. “A thought occurred to me, officer.” He breathed in the scent of your hair as his gloved fingers began working the fastenings of your shirt. “I never punished you for your inappropriate use of the messaging system.” You could smell the faint trace of alcohol on his breath. Your shirt fell to the floor. One hand was on your stomach, pressing you against him as his other found the clasps of your bra. “How will you punish me, then, General?” you purred as you pressed your ass against his already hard, still clothed cock. Your bra and skirt joined your shirt on the floor. He didn’t remove your panties right away. Two fingers slid beneath the elastic, drawing the lace away from your body as though he was trying to peak at a present just for him. You shivered at the thought. “I plan on giving you exactly what you want.” His hands abandoned you, his body drawing back and leaving you cold as he walked around you towards his desk. You watched as he opened a drawer before drawing out a long black object. He stood in front of you as he slapped the ridding crop in the palm of his hand. You fell to your knees before he could even order you to kneel, and were rewarded with a deep, sexy chuckle. “So eager, aren’t you?” He trailed the tip of the crop down your face as though in a caress before flicking it to beneath your chin, drawing your face up towards him. “Are you ready for your punishment?” Stars, you hoped you were right about this. You opened your mouth wide for him, ready and waiting. He smirked at the sight as he drew out his cock. “Think you can take me, little girl?” His leather covered hand stroked himself slowly. You nodded, mouth still open as you suppressed a whine. As he brought his leaking tip to your lips, your tongue darted out, catching the drops of salty precum. His eyes closed as he shuddered. “Color?” he asked. “Green, General. Please feed me your cock.” You couldn’t stop your moan. The sight of him, the taste of him was soaking your already ruined panties. He growled as he fisted your hair, drawing your mouth on top of him. You chocked at the unexpected intrusion before drawing a breath through your nose and sinking him deeper. You hadn’t had a problem with oral since your first experience with it, but you’ve never been with anyone that was so damn big! “That’s it, my little whore,” he chuckled as he brought the crop down on your still clothed ass. You jumped, squeaking around his cock before hollowing your cheeks. You blinked up at him with watering eyes as you wiggled your ass, waiting for more. “You want more, you fucking slut?” He pulled your hair free of its bun, wrapping it around his hand for a better grip. “You want to be punished don’t you?” You groaned, relaxing your throat so that you could take him deeper. It was the best answer you could give with his cock in your mouth. His guttural moan was reward enough for your slight discomfort. You felt the crop come down again on your other cheek, making you jump and whine. “You like that, don’t you?” The General was thrusting into your mouth, down your throat. “Filthy fucking whore! Have you been a naughty girl?” You tried whimpering a yes as you tightened your lips around him. “Fuck! You’re such a good little cock sucker, aren’t you?” He smacked the crop harder on your already stinging ass, making your eyes water. “I should have done this first. Given you your punishment before rewarding you. Do you think you deserve a reward tonight?” Another smack! You could feel your skin burning underneath the lace. “You’re taking your punishment so well. Now, just a little more.” He slid his dick down your throat until your lips met with his orange pubic hair. Your nose was buried in it, breathing him in as you groaned. He smelled like sex. “Fuck!” the General exclaimed, raining down multiple strikes in quick succession before dropping the crop so he could grasp your head with both hands. “I’m gonna cum down this pretty throat, y/n!” You whined, face turning red through lack of oxygen, desperately trying to suck him. He wasn’t gentle, slamming his hips into your face, as his cock pulsed in your throat. You couldn’t breathe, and your head was getting light. You wanted to grasp his hips, but kept your hands on the ground. He hadn’t given you permission, and you could already feel him twitching on your tongue. “Been wanting to do this all day!” he groaned, his slicked back hair coming undone. Oh stars, he looked magnificent. His icy blue eyes bore into you as he grit his teeth. He pulled mostly out, fisting his cock on your tongue. And then you could taste it, salty and a bit alkaline. You swallowed as quickly as you could, but there was so fucking much that it dribbled from your lips anyway. When finally, the last stream of cum hit your tongue, you opened your mouth wider to show him before swallowing it down. He smirked at you. “All of it, l/n,” he said as he held out the tip of his cock to you. You swirled your tongue around it, gathering all the left over cum before swallowing. His black-covered fingers scraped up the cum that had dribbled down your throat before pumping into your mouth again. You sucked on them, swirling your tongue around the tip, closing your eyes and groaning at the taste. “That’s it, l/n.” His voice dripped with sex. “Clean up your mess. Such a good little whore for your general. Come now.” He lifted you gently by the arm, taking a moment to strip you of your panties before leading you to the couch. “Ass facing me, l/n. We’re not quite done yet.” There was a darkness in his voice that made you shiver. You sat on your knees, hands gripping the back of the couch as you presented yourself to him. You felt the leather of his glove caress the swell of your ass. "Does it sting terribly, my little whore?" he asked, smacking the swell of your ass once more, causing you to jump. "I think you can take a little more, don't you? Hmmm? Little slut." You whimpered wiggling your ass for him. “Punish me, General. I deserve it.” “You want to be punished, you filthy whore?” “Please, General,” you whined. “Please, I need it.” You squeaked as he smacked you with the crop. You hadn’t expected him to hit you so hard, but you wiggled your ass for him anyway. “You like that, slut?” “Oh, yes, General.” You gripped the couch tightly as he rained down more blows, biting your lip to keep from crying out. “How long, officer?” “How-how long, what, General?” “How long have you been having filthy dreams of me?” SMACK! “Oooh,” you groaned. “Months, sir! I-I couldn’t help myself.” “Are there any others? Do you dream of other men?” SMACK smack! A double tap to your aching flesh. “Sometimes, sir . . . bu-but not for a while now.” You shivered as he used the crop to caress your exposed cunt. “Do you want other men, whore? Or will I be enough for you? Shall I catch you in the arms of another officer? Hmmm?” Now that was a strange line of questioning. “No, sir!” you exclaimed. “I don’t need anything but your cock.” SMACK! “Ouch! I swear it!” You heard the crop fall to the floor, felt his heat as he stepped closer to you, his hands soothing your aching rear. “Shhhh,” he soothed in your ear. “I know, baby.” His soft lips caressed your neck the way you liked. “You’re aching for me, aren’t you?” You whimpered as you nodded. “Yes, General. Please, I need you.” His kisses traveled down your spine, caressing your soft skin. He spent some time running his lips and tongue over the swell of your sensitive ass, and you moaned at the sensation. “I think you deserve to come, l/n. You’re such a good girl for me.” You moaned as his tongue dipped into your fold, his hands caressing your ass. “Oh, thank you, General. Mmmmm, you feel so good.” “Stay still for me now,” he moaned into your cunt. “Fuck, you taste so sweet. Be a good girl and stay still.” Your body shook with the effort of not squirming in his grasp. His hot tongue was gathering your leaking juices, sucking them down into his greedy mouth. He moaned against you, sending vibrations that made you clench. “Please, please, sir! Oh, fuck I need you.” He moaned, lapping at your clit. “Fuck, you’re such a good girl. Mmmm, my good girl. My good little whore. Cum for me, sweetheart. Cum on my tongue. I want to taste you again.” You shivered as he attacked your clit, sucking on the little bundle of nerves. Your cunt was clenching, your stomach muscles tense. Fuck, how is it he could make you cum this quickly? “General, I-I’m gonna . . .” you whined piteously. “Do it,” he growled into you. “Cum on my fucking face, filthy slut!” You moaned long and loud as you shuddered above him, one of his leather hands smacking your ass one more time as he drank down your cum. You were panting, shivering in the cold room, your body covered in sweat and cum. “Oh fuck,” you groaned, your head resting on your arms. “You’re so fucking good at that, General.” You heard him chuckle behind you, his hands still groping you. “You cum so quickly for me, officer. I think you’ve been deprived for too long, don’t you.” You shivered again. “Thank you, General.” His wet lips kissed at your neck before he sat beside you on the couch. His hands grasped you by the waist, and he pulled you onto his lap. His cock was still out, and once again achingly hard. “I want you to ride me now, officer l/n.” he growled in your ear. “I want you to ride me hard and make me cum in that pretty little cunt of yours. What do you say?” “Please?” you asked, grinding yourself on his beautifully hard cock. “Please, I want to ride you so bad, my General. I want to be a good girl for you.” He smirked, lining himself up with your entrance. “What are you waiting for, l/n. Fuck me.” Notes: Thank you, everyone for your encouragement in the last chapter! :) Hopefully this one meets with your expectations. <3 Chapter 6 : Ravishing Summary: The General lets you ride him and gives you a gift. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Your breath caught as you slid slowly down his massive length. Fuck, would you ever get used to that? Your body felt on fire as you shivered, finally having him seated fully where he belonged. You heard his low groan in your ear as he held you tightly against himself, his fingers leaving bruises on your hips. “Just like that, oh fuck! Such a good girl. Such a good girl for your general.” His mouth was on your neck again, nipping and sucking at your flesh. “Feel so good. Fuck! Mine! My good little slut.” His hips thrust against you, but there was nowhere for him to go, already having bottomed out. “Fuck me like a good girl, y/n.” Your eyes were shut tight when he finally loosened his grip enough for you to move your hips. Instead of lifting yourself, however, you ground your hips into him, forcing the head of his cock to rub your cervix, his pelvic bone your clit. You gasped at the sensation, groaning out his title. He growled. “I said fuck me!” His hands bruised your hips again as he lifted you up before plunging you back down. You both moaned at the contact. You got the idea after that, riding him fast and hard, your breasts rubbing against the stiff fabric of his uniform. Your lips inched towards his, but missed as he drew his head back slightly. You gasped as his large hand circled your throat, squeezing ever so slightly, feeling your pulse beneath his thumb. Your eyes darted to his own as you felt yourself tightening around him. They glittered coldly, but there was a flame just beneath the ice. “You like riding your General’s cock, you filthy little slut.” You felt yourself clench around him at his words. “Yes, General,” you moaned, brining your lips to his neck. You didn’t bite, didn’t suck, just let your lips kiss his skin softly. “I love being your little cum whore.” He groaned, moving his hands to caress your ass. “Yes! Just like that! What else do you like, you little whore?” You moaned. “I love feeling your cock inside me, sir! I love how it stretches me. I love how it almost hurts.” You clenched again, and heard him curse under his breath. “I love sucking you off, General. Tasting your cum on my tongue.” He moaned, thrusting his hips up. “I love feeling you eat me, General. Fuck, you make me feel so good!” Your hands were clasping his shoulders as you moved yourself harder on him, moaning. “You feel so good, my General!” He cursed, one hand leaving your ass so that his thumb could find your clit. “Fuck, l/n. You’re so fucking good! I want you to come all over me, you fucking bitch!” You gasped, one hand leaving his shoulders to grasp onto your nipple. “Yes, General! Oh YES General!” Your body was trembling, your cunt impossibly tight around him. “Oh FUCK! Thank you, General!” You shut your eyes tight as the blinding flash of your orgasm ripped through you. You didn’t even feel as he flooded you with his cum once again, thrusting his hips into you almost painfully. You didn’t catch the low curses and groans of your name escaping his mouth. You shuddered, keening as your orgasm continued before finally collapsing in exhaustion. When you came to, you found yourself cuddling into the General’s side. You were both still on the couch, but a blanket had been wrapped around you, and your head was resting between his neck and shoulder. The General was on his datapad, absently stroking your hair with his free hand. “Awake, then, are we?” he asked, his voice so close to your ear. You groaned softly, nuzzling his neck. “I’m sorry. I don’t . . . I don’t usually-“ A soft brush of his lips on your forehead shut you up. “You enjoyed yourself, l/n. There’s no shame in that.” He placed his datapad on the table beside the couch before handing you a glass with a finger of amber liquid. It smelled like a sweet kind of smoke, and burned as it went down, leaving a pleasant warmth in your belly. The General nursed his own glass, occasionally leaving warm kisses on your face and nuzzling your neck. “I really have never done anything like that before,” you continued, face blushing. You heard him chuckle as he nibbled at the skin behind your ear. “Ah, but you look so good fucked like that. I could watch you sleep with that fucked out smile of yours all day, l/n.” His tongue caressed the shell of your ear, his voice was low and gravely. “You look positively delicious.” You blushed, sipping your drink slowly before tilting your head back. You liked the feeling of his lips on your skin. You wanted to kiss him, feel his lips on yours, taste him. But he hadn’t kissed you yet, and when you tried he had pulled away. You groaned as he delicately nibbled at the space between your neck and shoulder. “You taste so good, l/n,” he moaned into your neck. “And you smell like sex.” His lips brushed your temple before he pulled you towards him again, placing your head on his shoulder. “Rest, sweet girl. You’ve earned it.” You placed your empty glass on the table before yawning and snuggling into his warmth. “I’ll probably smell like you for a week, sir.” He flashed you a wicked smile. “Oh, I’ll make sure you smell like me for much longer, l/n.” When next you woke, it was well into the night, and the General was still working. No longer cuddling you against him, he was at his desk, typing something. His shoulder had been replaced by a surprisingly soft pillow, and the blanket had been tucked around you. “Ah,” he said when he noticed you were awake. “Back again, then.” He had his chin resting on his hand, and he was smiling wickedly at you. You blushed under his icy gaze, blushed even harder when you realized how fucking beautiful he looked wearing his gold rimmed glasses. “I’m sorry, sir.” He waved his hand dismissively. “I hope you don’t mind, l/n, but I took the liberty of ordering you a meal. It will be delivered to your rooms as soon as you return. Poor thing must be famished, aren’t you?” he asked, wicked grin still in place. Your clothes were folded neatly at your feet, so you began dressing. “That’s very kind of you, General. Thank you.” You felt his eyes on you as you dressed, watching as you covered flesh littered with his markings. “How is your ass feeling?” he inquired, leaning back in his chair and steepling his fingers. You winced as you rubbed one of your cheeks slightly. “Still sore, sir.” You were buttoning up your shirt when you heard his voice call to you. “Come here, officer.” You gulped before walking over to him. He turned you around, lifting your skirt, and dragging your panties to the floor once again. You shivered. Again? But all you felt were his strong fingers gently kneading into your flesh, slowly releasing the tension. You sighed as you felt your muscles relax against his digits. “My apologies, l/n. I had not realized it caused such damage.” “It-it’s not so bad, sir. Just a bit sore.” You tried to ease his concerns. “I may not like sitting very much tomorrow, but I’m certain I’ll be fine.” You felt his warm breath on your skin as his soft lips caressed your left cheek. “I shall be more careful next time, l/n. If you are still interested in spankings?” You groaned as you felt his lips cover your sore cheeks in gentle kisses. “Oh, yes, sir. Please, General.” You felt him chuckle against you. “Not tonight l/n. While I’m more than willing to fuck you for a week straight, I think that pretty cunt of yours could use a break.” He bent over, snatching your panties from the ground before standing up behind you as he readjusted your skirt. “Sir?” you asked. “What are you . . .” You glanced behind you, just in time to see him stuff the lace into his pocket. “Don’t worry, l/n.” He wrapped an arm about your waist, drawing you towards him. “I shall be very busy the next few days, I’m afraid. If I do not call on you, do not worry yourself. I am still more than interested in pursuing this.” His breath was at your ear. “And you will need to rest before I take you again, precious thing.” You shivered as he led you to the door. Before you could push the button to open it, he grasped one of your hands, turning it so that he could kiss the back, his cold eyes on you the entire time. “I look forward to our next meeting, Officer l/n.” You were still blushing as you walked down the halls to your rooms, where a surprisingly delicious meal was already waiting for you, and still piping hot. The General, it seems, had access to much better quality food. Three days later and the General had not called on you. He had, however, taken it upon himself to order your dinners be brought to your rooms. Normally you would have had dinner with Mitaka in the Officer’s lounge, since Molls usually worked through it. While you missed your time with your friend, you couldn’t complain about the food. On the fourth day, a rather large package was waiting alongside your dinner. Officer y/n I expect you to be wearing a set of these tomorrow. You will look ravishing. ~Gen. Hux You opened the box, tossing aside red tissue paper to reveal . . . lacey lingerie. Four unlined lacey bras in black, gray, dark red, and what looked like gold. Beneath the bras were a ridiculous amount of matching panties. You wondered if he was planning on taking a few more after sex, and your face burnt red. You couldn’t wait for tomorrow. Notes: *squints* If you look closely, you can see a kind of plot developing. Just gotta look reeeeaaaaaaallllllll close! Chapter 7 : Favorite Whore Summary: Your dreams about the General seem to be getting worse. Or are they getting better? Your mind just can't let you be, it seems. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You were on your knees in front of him, dressed only in a thin silk robe. Your hands were not bound, but they didn’t need to be. You knew your place. Your eyes were downcast, chest rising quickly as you sucked in air through your saliva covered lips. “So pretty,” his voice was hoarse as he thumbed your bottom lip. “Open up again.” He sat on a throne, thin band of gold binding his brow. If you were allowed to look up at him, you would have seen the cold fire in his blue eyes. Instead, you focused your eyes on his leaking cock. You opened your mouth as wide as it could go, plunging yourself down on him again. This time he finally groaned, deep in his chest. One pale hand caressed your hair, which flowed loose down your back. He may like the complicated updos your hair was twisted into when you were required to stand by his side at official functions. But here, as you sucked his cock deeper into your tight little throat, he couldn't resist caressing your soft locks. “You’re so good,” he mumbled, pushing your head further into his crotch. “My favorite little whore.” You groaned around him, trying not to squirm at his words. You knew he had others, and you hated them all. They couldn’t please him like you could, they didn’t care enough to know how to flick their tongues just as their mouths reached the base of his cock. They gagged around him, pushing him away, unable to take him. You knew. He had fucked them in front of you, ordering you to instruct them. And you tried. Stars you tried! You’d do anything to please him, even train a girl who could become your replacement. He called on you when the others frustrated him. Knew you could suck his cock the way he liked, knew your tight little cunt would weep for him. You would beg so prettily for your Emperor to fuck you, thanking him with each shattering orgasm he chose to grace you with. You weren’t his only, which stirred up long suppressed jealousy deep in your heart. But you were his favorite. “Up, slut.” He commanded, his voice cold. “I'm thirsty.” You stood, eyes still cast downwards in respect, and climbed on top of his throne the way he wanted. You stood on the armrest, one knee resting by his head. You moved your robe for him, exposing your aching cunt. His hands gripped you painfully, leaving bruises on your soft skin as he plunged his face between your legs. You moaned loudly, just the way he liked. Your chest grew hot as you told him how wonderful his tongue was, how good he made you feel. Thanking him for being so kind as to taste you. As he groaned into your wetness, you told him how much you had ached for him during the days he had been too busy to see you. How much you longed to please him, to feel him cum all over you, marking you as his. He plunged three leather clad fingers into your cunt and you screamed. “Oh yes! Oh, thank you, your Highness! Oh Stars! You’re so good to me!” He growled as he drank up your cum. He liked the way you tasted. Liked the way you smelled. You were always ready to take him. You collapsed on top of him, apologizing for creating such a mess. He allowed you to lick your cum from his face, his lips, but you knew better than to demand a kiss. “Shall I, your highness?” you asked, a faint blush painting your cheeks. “Fuck your Emperor, my little slut,” his voice had gained some warmth as he removed your robe, caressing your breasts. “It’s been too long since I felt your little cunt on me.” You groaned, sheathing him within you. “Oh, my Emperor! You’re so big it almost hurts!” His thumb went to your clit. “My poor little whore. So tight for me, so wet. You’ve missed my attentions haven’t you?” You moaned. “Yes, your Highness. Oh, you’re so kind to call on me again!” If you pleased him well enough, he may keep you for the night to continue his pleasure. He might not call on one of the other women in his harem. If you did well enough, for a night at least, he could be yours. You gasped awake, cunt aching and body drenched in sweat. That was . . . an unusual dream to say the least. Groaning, you looked at your clock, realizing you had a full two hours before your shift. You grabbed up your datapad, typing up your latest dream, filling in the details. You were about to save it, when an idea occurred to you. You were going to see the General today. You had already chosen to wear the pretty silvery gray lingerie for him. But after so many days without seeing him, you were rather nervous about it all. What if you . . . sent him something? Just to warm him up, tantalize him a bit. It worked so well the last time. But what if he was in a meeting? Your cunt clenched at the thought of General Hux of the First Order, one of the most feared men in the galaxy, going rock hard in the middle of a budgets meeting because of something you sent him. You attached it to an email addressed to him, and pressed the SEND button before you could change your mind. Your fingers found your wetness as you groaned at the thought of his reaction. Would he be pleased? You thought as you dipped your slender fingers into your dripping cunt. Oh fuck, you hoped he would be. Maybe he’d let you live out your fantasies again. You would love to praise your ‘Emperor’ in addition to your General. You moaned, imagining him talking about his other whores, telling you how none compared to you. Of course, you had no idea if he was seeing other women, and were rather hoping he wasn’t. An image of a pretty blonde with legs for days popped into your head. She worked mainly with Lieutenant Mitaka, who seemed to have developed a bitter distaste for her. But she was pretty, and she looked at the General more often than you would like. You imagined her on her knees before him, feeling a burning jealously in your gut. Your hand stopped and you groaned, frustrated. There was no way you were going to fuck yourself on your fingers with that image in your head now. You shook your head. He probably wasn’t seeing her, but even if he was. Did it matter so long as he kept his promise to fuck you? If he continued giving you such shattering orgasms, could you really complain if he gave them to another woman? Yes, you thought as you tossed your blanket aside, deciding to start your day early since you ruined your own orgasm. Yes, you could, but it was better not to dwell on it. It’s not as though you would be able to stop him from fucking anyone else, and you were just being silly. You were pinning up your hair, having already washed the sleep from your face when you heard your datapad go off. An early start, Officer l/n? Why don’t you let me help you with that? My office. Now . ~Gen. Hux You shuddered, dressing quickly and remembering a few spritzes of your favorite perfume before rushing out your door. It was time to bow to your General. Notes: I was going to write a completely different chapter before suddenly being inspired! Ummm, technically ties in with plot a bit, though I mostly just wanted to write more smut. Thank you to everyone commenting! :) Even if I don't respond, I seriously appreciate your encouragement! Chapter 8 : No Others Summary: The General seems to like re-enacting your dreams....to a certain extent. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His office was once again dark. Not really, terribly dark, but the lights were dimmed and eerie shadows were cast on the walls. The stars were visible through the view port, cold little chips of light. You entered nervously, unsure of what the General planned. The door closed with a hiss and a strong arm wrapped around your waist, pulling you towards him. It seemed the General rather liked being behind you. The thought sent heat to your cheeks in a way you couldn’t explain. “Remember, l/n,” the General’s husky sex-voice whispered in your ear. “You do not need to wait for me to ask what color if you’re uncomfortable at any time. Tell me you understand.” You heard him draw a deep breath as he buried his face in your neck, groaning at the scent he found there. There was a reason your perfume was called Lust . “I understand,” your words came on a breath as a shiver ran through your spine. “I want this, General.” You felt him stiffen at your words, rubbing himself against you. You moaned as you felt him, already hard and aching for you. “I’ve been wanting this for days now,” he growled as his teeth found your neck. “Do you have any idea what you do to me?” You shivered again, rubbing yourself back against him. “Will you show me, General? Please?” He growled again, turning you around so quickly you would have stumbled had his strong arms not been there to catch you, and pull you to himself. “You will refer to me as ‘my lord’ or ‘your highness’, do I make myself clear, slut?” You bit your lower lip to try to suppress your grin. “Yes, my lord. Please forgive me, your highness.” You fluttered your eyelashes at him. He growled, twisting your arms behind your back, and bending at the waist so that you were caught off balance. You gasped as his hungry mouth attached itself to your neck, teeth digging in as he sucked a bruise into your heated flesh. You groaned, wiggling in his grasp as you felt yourself flush with arousal. “Oh, your highness!” He bit hard at the base of your neck before flinging you away. You stumbled, falling to the hard floor. Shocked you blinked up at him. “When my advisor said he would make a gift for me,” he said as he slowly circled around your splayed out form. “I was expecting another worthless piece of finery.” Behind you now, he grabbed at your arm, pulling you up roughly. “I had no idea he would give me something so lovely. Tell me, my little slut, did you know you’d be a gift for the Emperor when he purchased you?” You gulped. You had always been interested in roleplay, though you had never found a partner willing to try. “I-I didn’t know where I was going, your highness.” He was still behind you as his pale fingers unbuttoned your uniform one by one, all but tearing off your top once the last was unfastened. “Are you . . . untouched?” You blushed, unsure what answer he was expecting. Thinking back to when he had asked you that first time, you nodded. “Yes, my lord.” You kept your face to the floor, as though you really were a frightened virgin. You felt his warm fingers tilt your head towards him as he circled you again, stopping just in front of you. “I won’t hurt you yet, my dear.” There was a delighted gleam to his eye. He seemed almost giddy that you were playing along. “That will come later.” His hands unfastened your belt, and your skirt dropped to the ground. The General took a step back to admire your form in the pretty lace. “For now, I will enjoy your sweetness.” You felt him push you towards his desk, lifting your ass onto the cold surface. You were captivated by his eyes, how they seemed to flash with brilliance. You leant back on your hands and spread your legs for him. “Nothing to say, pet?” he smirked as his kissed his way from your neck to the tops of your breasts. “No matter. Save that lovely voice for later. You’ll need it.” He spoke the dark promise to your navel before trailing his tongue towards your waistband. You moaned as he used his teeth to move the lace aside before his warm mouth all but attacked your cunt. You gasped at the ferocity, bucking your hips until a strong arm kept them down. “Oh, fuck! Your highness, please!” He moaned as you addressed him, the vibrations going straight to your clit, which he was ignoring in favor of tasting your arousal. “Gods! You really are sweet, aren’t you? Mmmmm, my little one.” He licked a broad stripe up your slit, his eyes laughing as they looked up at you. “I think you may just become my new favorite.” You shuddered. “Do…do you have many girls, your highness?” He chuckled into your cunt, laying a sweet kiss on your aching clit—just enough to make you jump. “If you please me well enough, my pet,” his voice was deliciously low, “you won’t have to worry about how many women I keep locked away. Please me well enough, and I’ll take you to my bed and never let you leave my side.” You couldn’t stop the stupid smile that spread over your face, or the moan that gasped from your throat as he slowly slid a finger into your wetness. “What would you have me do, my lord? I am yours to command.” He was beautiful when he smirked up at you, adding another finger to your heat. “Yes, my dear, you are.” He kissed up your body as he pumped his two fingers into you, scissoring you to open up your already throbbing passage. “You will serve me,” he said as he kissed the softness of your belly. “You will pleasure me whenever I call upon you,” he kissed the skin just beneath the lace of your bra. “You will please me in any way I demand of you,” his warm tongue circled your already stiff nipple through the thin lace. “And you will serve no one but me.” His eyes flashed dangerously as he looked into your face. “Do you understand, whore?” You nodded, biting your lip. “I’m yours, my lord.” The General took your hand in his, bringing your slim fingers to the tent in his pants. “You may touch me, girl.” Both your hands eagerly went to his pants, one slipping inside to caress his hardened length while the other worked to free it. Gods, his cock was so hot in your hand! You could practically feel it pulsing for you, and the thought made your cunt clench. You stood from the desk, dropping to your knees in front of him as you freed his cock. You licked your lips, glancing up at him. He was biting his lip as he looked down at you, petting your hair softly. “Open your mouth now, my dear,” he said on a breath, gently prodding his cock when you obeyed. “Now suck me. Start with the head, and work your way down.” He moaned when your hot mouth covered him. “Take your time, little one. I’ll show you how to pleasure me.” You slowly sucked him deeper into your mouth, keeping your eyes on him as if you really were just a beginner. You tried to memorize his face as you sucked him. He was normally so cold on the bridge, but in the gloom of his office—with you on your knees in front of him—his face was in constant motion. You loved when he bit his lip, when he groaned and thrusted deeper into your throat. You made yourself gag as though in surprise, and he pulled back slightly. He paused, keeping your head still with his hands as his cock just sat in your mouth. “On the couch,” he ordered, his voice deep in his chest. As soon as he released you, you practically ran to the sofa. He followed quickly, turning you so that you were laying down, one leg over the back. He pulled the lace away from your cunt once more, working two then three fingers into you. “Perhaps I shall make you my official mistress,” the General muttered as his lips caressed the hollow of your throat. “Dress you in find silks and keep you on my arm.” You groaned as he mouthed your nipple through the lace. “Dress me in nothing, and keep me on your lap,” you suggested, wiggling your hips beneath him. He groaned, his fingers leaving your cunt in order to line himself up. “Perhaps I’ll do just that, officer,” he growled, breaking the role. “Perhaps next time I have a meeting, I’ll keep you naked beneath the table, sucking me off.” He nipped at your collar bone. “I bet you’d like that.” You moaned as you felt him breach you. “Oh yes, please!” He kept your leg on the back of the coach, keeping you open as he rammed himself into you. “Perhaps I’ll take you naked on the bridge, in front of all the other officers.” He moaned. “I’ll fuck you in front of visiting dignitaries, and let them know what they can’t have.” He was moving too fast, fucking too hard. You felt him twitch inside you. “Please, sir! I want to cum!” You thrust your hips, forcing him deeper into you. Wrong move. He groaned, keeping himself buried deep as he pumped his hot cum inside of you, his face buried in your hair. “Not yet, pet. You’ve been such a naughty girl.” You groaned as he slipped out of you, replacing the lace of your undies before giving you a soft pat of approval. You glared at him, your cunt throbbing for your orgasm. “Sir. . .” He straightened himself, slicking his hair back carefully with his hands after re-fastening his pants. “Those really do look lovely on you, precious.” He passed a warm hand lightly over the lace of your bra. “I’d like to see them again. Tonight perhaps?” His smirk was delicious. “And if you behave I’ll make you cum until your little body breaks around me.” You groaned both at the thought, and at his cum soaking into your panties. “Please, can’t I cum now, sir?” He gathered your clothes, placing them delicately on your stomach. “Not quite yet, precious. I promise it will be worth it.” His hand gently stroked down your face. “Green?” You sighed, still frustrated. “Green, General. But please, don’t make me wait forever.” You gave him your best doe eyes, pleased when he sucked in a breath. “If neither of us had work to do, I’d just keep you in here all day. Edging you further and further until you couldn’t take the strain of it anymore.” He bent in order to kiss your shoulder. “Alas, I’m not yet emperor, and you’re not my favorite concubine.” “S-sir?” you questioned, not looking at him. “Am . . . am I the only—“ “The only one I’m currently fucking, officer?” You blushed at how jealous that sounded, refusing to follow his hand as he tried to guide you to look at him. You were surprised by the frustrated sigh that escaped his lips before his hand traveled to the soft spot on your neck instead, where he had left his mark. “You are the only person I am seeing, officer l/n. The only person I am fucking, and the only one I’m interested in fucking. Should that ever change, I will let you know. This is still new, and there are a thousand and one things I would like to try with you.” You felt his warm lips on your temple. “There’s no one else. I prefer that this relationship be exclusive, l/n.” You finally looked at him. His face had gone cold again, but his eyes were tender as he looked at you. Your blush deepened, but you nodded in understanding. “Of course, sir. Forgive me for questioning you.” “When it comes to personal matters, you have every right to question me.” You loved how his warm fingers felt on your over-heated skin. “On the bridge I am your General and you are my officer serving under me. Behind closed doors . . .” he let the thought trail off before standing once more. “You must dress now, officer. I want you to stay like that-“ he pointed at your underwear-“ until tonight. Understood?” You blushed. “I’m fairly certain I’ll smell like you all day, sir.” He gave you a devious smile. “Yes, officer, that’s the idea. To keep you wanting.” If you blushed any further, you were fairly certain you’d just burn away. You drew on your clothes hastily, looking at the time. If you sprinted, you would be able to catch the last few minutes of breakfast in the officer’s lounge. You started when you heard a click off to your left, and the sound of water beginning to boil. “Stay,” you heard the General say as you looked to where a tea-nook was built into the wall. “Have a small meal with me before you leave.” His back was turned to you, but you could see a faint redness to his ears. Was-was he nervous? He didn’t turn to look at you, only set up the teapot and two cups. “Alright,” you said slowly as you brushed your hair back into its bun with your fingers. “Thank you, sir.” Notes: Short chapter, and certainly not my best smut. Unfortunately I've been dealing with some personal issues the past few weeks, and this has been the only time I really felt up to writing. Just wanted to get something out there before I lose interest, because I certainly don't want to lose interest in writing this story. Hoping the next chapter will be up sooner rather than later! Wish you all a very lovely weekend <3 Chapter 9 : The Company You Keep Summary: You and Mitaka will be working closely together for the next few weeks, and Molls is wondering where you've been. There may be a party your mother wants you to attend in the near future, and you're still oblivious to Mitaka's attentions. A certain ginger General is not very amused by Mitaka's attentions. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You were stationed at the bridge this morning, your work station next to your favorite Lieutenant. You had both been assigned to the same project, which would take the next few weeks to complete. Unfortunately, there was no opportunity for your usual sparse chit chat, as the General was also on the bridge this morning. Working while near the General had never been a problem before. Then again, you hadn’t been fucking him. You couldn’t help it if your eyes drifted to his imposing figure every now and again. Nor could you stop the faint blush on your cheeks whenever your eyes landed on his posterior. With his hands permanently clenched behind his back as he barked out orders, it was difficult to ignore his backside. You wanted to bite it. “Y/n,” Mitaka called your attention. You tried to hide your blush under the rim of your cap. “Yes, Lieutenant?” “Are you feeling alright today?” he asked, his brows going up in concern. “You’re usually much more focused.” You shook your head, trying to avoid further blushing. “My apologies, Lieutenant. I’m afraid I didn’t get much sleep last night.” Relief flooded the dear Lieutenant’s expressive face before returning to cold professionalism. “Well, if that’s the case, I may be able to help.” “Oh?” you asked, as you returned your attention to the screen before you. “There’s a tea from my home-planet that is supposed to help relax you. I can give you some tonight if you’d like . . . in case you need it, of course.” You gave him a small smile. “That’s very thoughtful, Lieutenant. Thank you.” Pleased that he found a way to help you, Mitaka returned to work. Neither of you noticed the General’s icy glare in your direction. When the lunch hour came, Mitaka led you to the Officer’s Lounge. “Are you alright?” he asked, brow furrowing again. “You’re walking a bit stiffly.” “Oh,” you tried laughing it off. “Just women’s things, you know.” He was polite enough to ignore your blush, though he did put his hand on your lower back. “Perhaps you should go to medical before returning to work.” You flushed deeper. “I’m fine, Lieutenant,” you said more testily than you needed to. He flushed, but didn’t remove his hand. “My apologies, officer. Of course you know your own limits. I did not mean to offend.” Guilt flooded you. He was only trying to help, after all. And while you certainly couldn’t tell him the truth of why you were walking strangely, you hated lying to him. You laid a hand on his chest before smiling apologetically. “I’m sorry, Lieutenant. I shouldn’t have snapped at you. Thank you for your concern.” As you turned your head away from Mitaka, you caught a glimpse of red hair in your peripheral. The General’s icy stare bore into you, momentarily stopping you in your tracks as you looked at him. His lips were thin, and his brows furrowed in annoyance. The hand at your back quickly guided you away from the General’s scrutiny. “I’m not sure why he was looking at me like that. I was certain that I completed those reports he asked of me completely. Perhaps I should look though them again.” “I’m sure your reports are fine, Mitaka,” you assured him, dropping honorifics for the moment. “You always do your reports perfectly.” He gave you a grateful smile as you both joined the line for food. “I’m certain I could do better, y/n. The General accepts nothing but absolute perfection.” After you found a table to sit at and began eating your lunch, the Lieutenant dropped his cookie onto your tray. “Mitaka!” you tried to protest. He smiled sweetly, a blush of embarrassment dusting his cheeks. “Consider it part of my earlier apology, l/n. I know they’re you’re favorite.” You wanted to protest, but he was right. Chocolate chip cookies were your favorite, and you weren’t about to pass up the opportunity for two in one day. “Fine,” you say with a huff of air. “but I’m giving you my pie tomorrow.” You raised a finger before he could protest. “I insist.” He nodded his head, deciding it was better to humor you than argue. For a few moments the both of you were silent as you ate your meal. “Oh, Molls was wondering where you’ve been at dinner,” Mitaka interrupted your meal. His eyes were looking at you in his usual concern. “We haven’t seen you the past few days.” “Ah,” you paused, thinking furiously. You hadn’t shown up at dinner because there was usually one waiting for you in your quarters. “Well, my mother’s just been rather chatty lately,” you explained lamely. “I’ve just been eating the frozen meals I’ve been meaning to get around to for ages now.” He tried to smile in understanding. “Still trying to get you to meet that Baron? Or was he a Viscount?” “Both,” you laughed. “I’m not sure how, but I think she’s expecting me to marry as many men as possible at this point. Keeps telling me how I’d be such a good mother.” “You would be,” he agreed, almost laughing at the shock on your face. “But you’d have to want to be one first. And it would probably be a good idea for you to have a partner that cares about you.” His blush crept to his neck. “And who you cared about, of course. Better for the child, I think.” You nodded. “Well, if I ever meet this partner, and we decide to settle down start popping out little soldiers, you’ll be the first to know.” His smile lit up his eyes. “Or . . .” you decided to tease him. “Probably the second to know.” “Th-the second?” he asked, brows raising up in worry. “Well,” you smiled secretly. “Molls would probably use me as a cadaver if I didn’t tell her first.” You both laughed at that. “For both our sakes, then,” he said once he stilled his laugh. “I’ll settle for second. I’m pretty sure she’d add me to her list of stiffs too.” “Probably,” you agreed as you broke your fist cookie into bite-sized, gooey pieces. “She keeps telling us she needs more for her experiments.” “What is it she does exactly?” “Well, her day job is Medic of the Recovery Room VIII of the Finalizer.” “And . . . what’s her other job?” “No idea,” you said as you sipped at your milk. “But I have a few suspicions.” “Oh?” he smiled at you conspiratorially, leaning further in as though you were about to divulge the great secret. “Please continue.” “Well,” you leaned further in, grinning like a fool. “Last time I was on shore leave, I read a holo-novel about a mad doctor who stitched together a few corpses and brought the monstrosity to life!” He shook his head. “Of course you would read holo-novels while on shore leave.” You shrugged. “What else am I supposed to do? You know I’m not the party-girl type.” “Maybe not, but Molls is apparently determined to get you to go to the next First Order Gala. A good excuse for her to dress you up like a doll, I think.” You groaned. “My mother’s been pushing the same. It’s on my planet, you know. Lots of eligible—and by that I mean rich—bachelors will apparently be attending.” “Well, if you’d rather not, I’m sure you and I could sneak off and find a few holo-novels to peruse through.” His grin was mocking, but you welcomed it. “Anything’s better than being sewn into the most expensive dress my father can afford to be paraded around like a jewel at auction.” You both rose to dispose of your trays and return to work. Mitaka put his hand at your elbow this time. “You’re a lot more frightening than a pretty piece of palace fluff,” he smiled at you. “I saw you at your last training session. You flipped a Stormtrooper twice your size as though it were nothing.” You beamed, remembering the look on that particular Trooper’s face. “It was a valuable lesson, I think. Our men should know better than to underestimate someone who’s smaller than they are.” Mitaka pulled your chair out for you as you returned to your station. “I pity the man who underestimates you, officer l/n.” On the main part of the bridge, a certain ginger General was staring at the back of the Lieutenant’s head as though that act alone could put a blaster bolt through it. He sneered at the smile you gave to your companion. Perhaps, he thought to himself, he should have a talk to you about the company you kept. While he was determined he had nothing to fear on your end, he held no such beliefs on that of Lieutenant Mitaka’s. You may not recognize the look he gave you, but your General did. And he would not allow it to continue. Notes: Well, after literally resting all day thanks to a stomach bug, I can't sleep. So, I thought I'd do this instead. I need some more Mitaka in my life! And more of General Hux, of course. *sniffs around* You guys smell a plot? Chapter 10 : Anxious to See Me Summary: The day isn't quite over yet, but someone just can't wait to get his hands on you. A tense conversation ensues. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was shortly after lunch that you were asked to bring a data-pad with sensitive information to the General. While outwardly, you were as professional as ever, face a mask of perfect composure, inside you were squealing like a teenage girl. You were sure the General wouldn’t have time to take care of what he had started, but you were happy you would be able to see him again, hopefully privately so you wouldn’t have to hide your stare. You were about halfway to his office, however, when an arm appeared out of nowhere and pulled you into a tight hold. Your training kicked in, and you attempted to break free of your attackers grip but a voice in your ear stopped you. “So anxious to see me, precious?” Stars! You could never get used to how fucking delicious his voice sounded so close to you. He drew you into an empty room, shutting the door behind the both of you. He took the data-pad from you, placing it on a nearby table before his hands found other ways to occupy themselves. You squirmed as his hands skimmed your sides. His mouth was on the thin strip of flesh not covered by your collar, and his lips were so warm. “Take this off,” he commanded, tugging at you shirt. You obeyed, but slowly. Popping the buttons off one by one while grinding back into him until his labored breath turned to moans. As soon as your shirt was unbuttoned, he ripped it off of you, tossing it aside. He wasn’t wearing his gloves, and his hands were warm as he stroked down your belly, one hand cupping your soft breast. “Do you realize how difficult it is working on the bridge, when your perfect little ass is in front of me?” He thrust his hips against yours for emphasis, and you could feel his hard length. “I imagine it must be as difficult as trying to concentrate on work instead of how good you look in your uniform, sir.” You moaned as he nibbled at the base of your neck. “I’m tempted to bend you over your console and take you right there.” He took your hand, sliding it down his trousers to his prominent bulge. “Show everyone on this damned ship who you belong to.” He manipulated your fingers so that you began squeezing and stroking him. You didn’t need to be encouraged to continue this action. You moaned as you could feel his cock jump in your hand. “Oh fuck, please General.” “Do you want that, my sweet little whore?” He asked, pulling your skirt up so that his fingers could dip beneath your panties, still soaked from your arousal and his cum from earlier. “Do you want me to take you in front of everyone? Show every Captain and Lieutenant that that only cock you want belongs to the General?” “Yes!” you gasped, gripping him as tightly as you dared. “I’m yours, General!” He moaned right into your ear as he brought your hand his belt. “I want to feel you, my little slut. You always feel so good for me.” You unfastened his belt before he slid your hand into his pants. His cock was hot and throbbing when you touched it, making you gasp. “Is this for me?” you asked innocently. “All yours,” he moaned as you began stroking him, quickly slipping two fingers into your heat. “Stars, you’re wet for me, aren’t you?” You moaned, matching his pace. “Always, General. You make me so hot!” His other hand was still on your breast, pinching and working your nipple through the lace of your bra. “That’s it, precious. Squeeze me. Oh, fuck! Not as good as your sweet little cunt, but still good. Stars! Still fucking good.” You moaned. His fingers were bringing you quickly to the edge of orgasm. Not that it would really take much getting your there. He had left you so desperate this morning. But just as you began to feel your muscles start clenching, his fingers were removed, causing you to cry out in protest. “On your knees, precious,” The General ordered. “Now!” Still pouting, you obeyed. He grasped your jaw, forcing it open as he fisted himself. “Swallow it all down, precious. Be my good girl.” He thrust his hot length into your mouth, making you moan at the intrusion. He didn’t have to order you to suck, you were more than happy to do it on your own. You crept closer on your knees so you could swallow him down. He groaned out your name as he felt the tightness of your throat around him. That was all it took before you felt his warm cum spill down your throat. You swallowed as quickly as you could as he began removing himself. Thrusting into his own hand again, he gave stream after stream of salty cum. Why did he always seem to have so much of it? When it was over, you used the tip of your tongue to delicately clean the sensitive head. All the while the General stared red-faced at you. “Fuck, you’re beautiful.” You blushed as you licked him off of your lips. “Thank you, sir.” You weren’t surprised when he tucked himself away, but you were more than a little annoyed when he retrieved your shirt and handed it to you. You still hadn’t cum. “Don’t worry,” he smirked as he helped you stand. “I have plans for us after work tonight.” He slipped your shirt through your arms, and began re-buttoning it. “Do those plans include making me finally cum,” you frowned at him. “Oh, yes, my dear. In fact. I don’t plan on the day ending without you cumming at least five times for me.” He nuzzled your neck, leaving one or two love-bites before finishing with your shirt. “O-oh?” You were blushing now, your anger forgotten. He smiled at you. “After we share a nice meal together, of course.” He kissed your forehead before sending you on your way, your uniform and hair once again perfect. “Forgive me this one indulgence, my dear. I just couldn’t help myself, it seems.” You left before him, data-pad now in his possession. You were so focused on getting back to the bridge, you didn’t notice a figure seemingly frozen in the shadows. A figure that stayed, staring after you until addressed by the General on his way out. “Lieutenant!” the General glowered at him. “Is there a problem?” Mitaka stood at attention, blinking as though he just woke up from a dream. “No, sir! Sorry, sir! I-I was just looking for Officer l/n, sir.” “Officer l/n has returned to the bridge, Lieutenant. Which is exactly where you should be!” “Yes, General,” the shorter man stammered. “Right away, sir.” He went to move away, before being stopped by his General’s command. General Hux walked slowly until he was nose to nose with Mitaka. “Breathe a word of this to anyone, Lieutenant, and I’ll shoot you myself.” “A-a word of what, sir.” The General’s eyes narrowed, unsure if Mitaka meant mockery. After a moment or two of scrutiny, he decided the man was just nervous. “I understand that you are y/n’s friend, and she cares for you. It is for that reason, and that reason alone that I give you this warning. But make no mistake. If you say anything about her and I, you won’t live to regret it. And if you so much as think of trying to take her for yourself, I’ll be sure you’re the only officer to give Lord Ren bad news. Are we understood, Lieutenant.” “Sir, I-I don’t know what you mean.” “I am aware that you are in love with her Lieutenant,” the General sneered. “But she has made her choice. For her sake, I suggest you content yourself with her friendship.” It was here that the Lieutenant’s face reddened. Not out of embarrassment, but anger. “Sir!” his dark brows came together. “Y/n’s friendship is not a consolation prize. I was her friend before I felt anything else. If she’s made her choice, fine. I will respect it, wish her the best, and hope that you take care of her. But tell me one thing, sir . . .” If the General was surprised by the Lieutenant’s reaction, he didn’t show it. Merely raised an eyebrow, hoping the man would get to the point. “Do you care about her, sir? Or are you just using her as a fuck toy?” “I beg your pardon1-“ “If it is the former,” the Lieutenant continued. “Then you will know you are a lucky man for having her. And if it’s the latter . . . I will know to stay close so that when you break her heart, she’ll at least have a shoulder to cry on.” “So you can swoop in while she’s vulnerable?” The General’s face had gone red, his mouth formed a tight line. It was fortunate for any bystanders that the hallway was empty. “No,” Mitaka’s voice was quiet and cold. “I’m her friend. If she needs me, I’ll be there. If after you break her, she decides she’s ready for another relationship, I won’t waste my chance. But no matter the outcome, I’m her friend first. And you haven’t answered my question.” The red in the General’s face receded as he looked down at his officer. “Very well, Lieutenant,” he said evenly. “Consider the matter closed, then. You are dismissed.” Mitaka gave a perfect salute before marching back to his station. Of course y/n would be with the General. Why wouldn’t she be? He was powerful, intelligent, and much more impressive than Mitaka would ever be. If he treated her well, then she deserved a man like the General. Mitaka shook the thoughts from his mind as he entered the bridge. You were at your work station, typing along as though you didn’t have a care in the world. When you caught sight of him, a small smile graced your face, lighting up your eyes and making you look all the more beautiful to him. He suppressed a sigh as he returned your smile. This would be enough for him. It would have to be. In his office, the General pulled up security footage of the bridge on his personal data-pad. You and the Lieutenant were working together as though nothing had happened. Truthfully, he was relieved. He didn’t think Mitaka would disobey a direct order, but the threat was still there. He would still need to speak with you about the Lieutenant. He felt it was only fair that you knew what was going on, but he would rather you hear it from him. He looked at your image a moment longer than he needed to. You were beautiful. Exiting out of the program, he went about ordering dinner for the both of you. It wouldn’t be anything extravagant, but he wanted it to be nice for you at least. That done, and with a few ideas on what to do with you after dinner tucked away in his mind, the General returned to work. Already most of the day had passed by, and there was much to do before tonight. Notes: I have been debating the best way to get Mitaka in the know about what's going on. At the end of the day, I just needed to get that bit done to move on with the story . . . And more smut is never a bad thing :P Also, I sprained my finger in self defense class, so writing this all was an adventure. <3 Hope everyone who celebrates Thanksgiving had a good one! I had three plates to make up for being in the wrong country last year. Mama likes to keep her kids fat, fed, and happy :P Chapter 11 : Dinner and a Question Summary: You've been wound up all day, and so you're practically running to the General's office. Unfortunently, he seems to be taking great delight in making you wait. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You were so anxious to see the General again, you didn’t even bother to stop by your room to freshen up a bit. The rest of your shift had been torture, trying to contain your arousal. The fact that Mitaka had been acting strangely for the latter half did not help things. You couldn’t be certain but you wondered if he knew somehow. Maybe he could smell the remnants of the General on you? That thought sent a fierce blush straight to your cheeks as you tried not to run to the General’s office. The door opened before you could even knock, and a strong arm pulled you inside. You were pressed to the wall as the General’s mouth attacked your neck, his fingers furiously removing your shirt. “Have you missed me, little whore?” he chuckled in your ear. “Have you been aroused all this time? Poor little thing.” You squirmed against him. “General, please,” you whimpered, moving your lips to caress his jaw. “You promised you would take care of me.” “Have I?” He asked, stroking the lace of your bra. “I suppose I should keep my promises, pet.” He brought his mouth to one breast, his hot tongue teasing your nipple through the lace. “You’ve been aching for this haven’t you?” His teeth gently nipped at the hardening bud. “It’s a shame, my pet, but you must wait just a little longer.” “General,” you whined as you felt him re-buttoning your shirt. “General please, I’m so wet for you.” You heard him take in a breath through his nose. “A matter I shall attend to soon enough, precious. But first, I have prepared a meal for us.” He placed a hand at your lower back to guide you to the couch. There were two meals, as well as a bottle of wine on the coffee table. “And,” he added as though just remembering. We should speak of something.” “Oh?” you question as he lays a napkin on your lap before joining you on the couch. The General pours both of you a half glass of wine. “My apologies for dining in the office. I’m afraid there’s still much work left for me to do. Next time I’ll take you to my quarters so that we may share a meal properly.” You blushed at the thought of spending any amount of time in the General’s private quarters. So far you had only fucked in his office . . . and that one empty room from earlier that day. Spending any amount of time with him in his own room seemed much more intimate somehow. “It looks like a lovely meal, General. And I’m happy to share it with you, wherever we are.” You looked at him through your eyelashes. “Thank you.” His arm came around your waist in order to pull you closer to him. His soft lips brushed against your temple. “The pleasure is all mine, my dear.” The meal was small and simple, but delicious. The wine was dry and crisp, and the General was careful with the amount he gave the both of you. While eating, the General asked you questions about your family, what friends you’ve made on board the Finalizer, and whether or not you’d be willing to be transferred to Starkiller Base for a month while he was overseeing final preparations. “I will be returning to the base in a few months’ time, and if all goes well the weapon will be ready by then. You and Lieutenant Mitaka should be finished with what you are working on by then. If you would prefer to remain on board the Finalizer, then that is acceptable.” “A few months?” you asked. “That’s after the Gala, correct?” “Will you be attending?” the General arched an eyebrow. You blushed. “Well, it’s on my home planet, and my parents are supporters of the First Order. I’m certain my mother will try to get me to go.” The General hummed in thought. “If you receive an invitation, you might enjoy attending.” “Oh? And why is that?” “Because I will also be attending,” he grinned wickedly at you. “And I would make it worth your while, my dear.” You sipped your wine to hide your embarrassment. “Well, I-I might be persuaded, sir.” The General laid your now empty plate and near empty wine glass on the table, taking both your hands in his. “Now my dear, we have things to discuss.” “And what might those things be, sir?” “I understand that you consider Lieutenant Mitaka a good friend of yours. I regret to inform you that he has been made aware of our relationship through my own impatience. I must apologize for any awkwardness that may come about because of this lack of foresight.” “Mitaka knows?” you ask, suddenly pale. General Hux pulled you closer, your thighs touching his, before wrapping his arms around you. “It is due to my error in judgement that he has been made aware. He heard us today, and saw you leave the room this afternoon. Had I been patient, and met you here in my office, this would not have happened. You have my apologies, and promise that such a thing will not happen again.” There was something he wasn’t telling you, but you were too shocked to notice. “Well, that explains how strangely he acted the last hour or so of our shift. He turned red every time I looked at him, and couldn’t meet my eye.” Your face heated in embarrassment. “Oh, stars!” General Hux allowed you to hide your face in his neck, and stroked his hand down your back. “Now, l/n. Mitaka is your friend, correct? Surely this is not the end of the galaxy. I have asked him to keep this to himself, though I’m sure your words will mean much more to him than mine. Now, my dear, no need to be embarrassed.” “It’s just . . . I don’t exactly talk about my sex life, even before all of this. Especially to my male friends! My girl-friends, maybe. Molls probably knows about my sex life, or lack thereof, better than anyone. I haven’t even told her!” The General tilted your face so that you were looking into his blue-eyes. “I did not mean to upset you, l/n. I just wanted you to be aware of our situation.” “I-I guess I’m not upset. I’m just-“ your face was burning. “I’m just concerned that he might look at me differently, I guess.” Oh, he’ll look at your differently, the General thought. He’ll look at you and know you’re mine. But of course he wouldn’t tell you that specific part of his earlier conversation with the Lieutenant. “My dear, allow me to ask you a question.” The General waited for your nod of acceptance. “Earlier you expressed concerns that you were the only woman I was intimate with. I regret that I express similar concerns.” “You think I’m sleeping with someone?” you asked, pulling away from him slightly. “Didn’t you just hear me when I mentioned my lack of sex-life before this?” “I don’t think you’re sleeping with anyone, my dear,” he smirked at you. “Besides yours truly, of course. I simply wish to reiterate that I would very much like for this to be an exclusive relationship, and ask that if you change your mind at any point that you inform me of it. That is all. You are a lovely woman in a field traditionally dominated by men. You attract attention, l/n, and not just mine.” You huffed crossing your arms. “I’d like to see anyone try anything with me. I’d drop them so fast, their mother will feel it.” He chuckled, pulling you onto his lap. “Should anyone ever bother you, I would be happy to help you with that, my dear.” His gloveless hand caressed your face. His fingers were surprisingly soft. “Forgive me my questioning. I just wanted to be sure you and I were on the same page.” “I could be persuaded to forgive you, sir.” You pouted prettily at him. “Oh? And what could I do to win you over?” You returned his wicked grin from earlier. “You could finish what you started.” His smile sent liquid heat straight to your groin. "I suppose you've waited long enough." Notes: Honestly, General, you seem to want to have an open and honest relationship with the reader, but fail to mention what could be the most important detail about your conversation with Mitaka? What are you thinking? Also! I'm heading off to Vermont with my family for the next week. So there may be radio silence for a while. Thank you for everyone who has supported this fic! Your sweetness gives me hope :P Chapter 12 : Such a Good Girl for Me Summary: You've been waiting all day. It's time for the General to keep his word. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His eyes dilated as he took a shallow breath. His hand moved yours to the slight bulge in is pants. “What I started, precious? And what, pray tell, is that?” With his other hand, he undid your regulation bun, allowing your hair to fall about your face the way he liked. You squeezed his steadily growing erection, feeling his excitement while giving him a delicious smirk. “I’ve been wet for you all day, General.” You tried to keep your voice innocent, even as you bit your lower lip. “I’m aching to feel you again.” His hand kept yours moving as his arm pulled you closer. The twitching of his now fully hardened cock soaked your panties. “And what do you want, precious. Tell me.” His warm breath in your ear sent shivers down your spine. “I want to choke on your cock, sir.” You could feel his soft lips travel from your jaw down to your neck. “I want to feel you pounding into my wet, little cunt. And-“ “And?” he asked, his voice deliciously low while he raised a ginger eyebrow. You cleared your throat, a slight blush dusting your cheeks. “I want you to choke me, sir. With your hand, that is. While you fuck me.” You were pushed onto your stomach before you could blink, the General’s clever fingers quickly freeing you from your skirt and panties. Grabbing your hips, he pulled you up to your knees before his thumbs gently parted your folds. You moaned as you felt his breath on your sex. “Was it something I said, sir?” you asked innocently as you wiggled your hips. “You’re a naughty little minx, l/n,” he groaned before slapping your ass, causing you to squeak in surprise. He chuckled as he kissed the skin where his hand had hit. “Do you know what you do to me, my perfect little slut?” You moaned as his lips moved to the lips of your cunt. “Oh, please, General. I need you.” His tongue was warm and wet as he tasted you, groaning into your dripping cunt. Your breath caught as you rubbed yourself over his lips. “Oh, yes, sir,” you groaned as his lips found your clit, sucking the little bud with his warm, wet lips. “Fuck, you’re so good, sir.” The General slipped two fingers into your hole as his lips returned to the swell of your ass. “You taste so good, l/n.” he groaned, twisting is fingers until he found your spot. “Sweetest little cunt I’ve ever had.” The hand which wasn’t fucking your cunt spread the cheeks of your ass apart. You were groaning, and grinding your cunt down on his fingers, eager to be stretched further by his cock. “Give me a color, l/n.” That was the only warning he gave before his warm tongue gave a tentative lick to your puckered hole. You let out a gasp of surprise, pulling away from him on instinct. The fingers in your cunt stilled, and you could feel his gaze on you. “Color, l/n?” he repeated. “Y-yellow, sir,” you groaned, grinding back down on his fingers as you tried to get him to continue. “I . . . I haven’t done that before.” You felt his lips on your skin as his fingers continued their assault on your cunt. “Tell me if you like it, l/n. You’ve been such a good girl for me today. I want you to enjoy this.” You shivered as he blew a warm breath on your hole. His tongue lapped at you, slowly circling around the opening. It was a strange, wet feeling that almost tickled and you weren’t sure whether or not you liked it. Thankfully, his clever fingers worked quickly in your cunt, keeping your attention occupied while the General wiggled his tongue passed the tight ring of muscle. You groaned, your cunt clenching as he added another finger. “Fuck,” you muttered under your breath. You all but tore your shirt off, your fingers clutching at your nipples through the lace of your bra. “Please, General,” you whined pathetically. “Please, sir, I need to cum.” The General groaned into your ass as he thumbed at your clit. Your body shuddered as you moaned your appreciation, but it wasn’t enough. You needed his cock. You were aching for it. One of your hands clutched at a couch cushion. “Please, General!” you begged. “Please, fuck me, sir! Please, I’m so fucking desperate for you!” He growled as he gave one last swipe with his thumb, one last lick with his tongue before straightening himself. You could hear the click of his belt as it was removed, the sound of is zipper ever-so-slowly being pulled down. And finally FINALLY the slap of his cock against your ass as it sprung from his trousers. “Whatever my sweet little angel demands,” he growled in your ear as he lined himself up before thrusting himself into you. A cry of bliss tore itself from your throat as he set a hard, fast pace. You gasped as his long fingers wrapped themselves around your throat. You felt your cunt clench around his perfect cock as your airway was partially blocked, just enough to make you light-headed without hurting you. “Such a good little whore for your General,” he groaned as you tightened around him. “Stars! I could fuck you all day. Keep you tied up in my quarters waiting for my cock to fill you up.” You groaned, thrusting your hips back. You would have answered him, perhaps begged him to keep you tied to his bed as he fucked you, but his fingers tightened ever so slightly. Instead, you whimpered and whined your pleasure as the blunt head of his cock struck your cervix again and again. Your only regret was being unable to see his beautiful face contorted with pleasure, his beautiful blue eyes darkened with lust. You shivered and whined at the thought that this powerful man could fall apart inside you. “Does my good little slut like being chocked?” He asked, nipping at your shoulder. “Does she like being controlled by her General? You’d do anything for my cock, wouldn’t you, l/n?” His hand loosened its grip, allowing a rush of air into your lungs. “Yes, sir!” you cried as soon as you were able. “Oh, fuck me, General! Your cock feels so good!” You said it in a rush, gulping down air before his fingers constricted again and you could only mewl in pleasure. “I know it does, precious,” he groaned, his other hand slapping and groping the cheeks of your ass. “Your ass looks so fucking good. One of these mornings I’m going to use it, fill you up with my cum.” He groaned at the thought. “I’ll put a pretty little plug in there, keep my cum in your fat ass all fucking day!” You whimpered, unconsciously grinding back into him. You shivered at the thought of anal, but to feel his cum inside you all day? Fuck it made your skin hot just thinking about it. You had a bit of a taste of it today, but it leaked out. What would it be like to feel it safe inside you while you worked? Would Molls or Mitaka notice if they were to see you. Well, you had a feeling Molls might. “Do you like that, precious?” he growled in your ear as the hand not holding onto your throat snaked its way to your clit. “Do you want me to fill you up, plug you up to keep my hot cum in you all day?” When the hand on your throat lessened, you couldn’t help it. “Yes!” you cried out. “Oh, General, please fill me up!” You whined as you buried your face in your own hands. “I want to feel your cum inside me.” “Fuck!” The General rubbed at your clit hard, determined to make you cum as hard as your body would allow. “Good fucking girl!” You felt his cock twitch before he emptied his load into you, still rubbing your clit. His hand tightened on your throat as he continued to thrust. “Cum for me like a good little whore!” Your scream was barely muffled by his hand as your cunt clamped down on him, white light blinding you. Your whole body shook, and your hot skin was covered in sweat. He kept thrusting, kept his hands where they were as you continued to squirm and moan, pulses of orgasm continuously ripping through you. When finally, it was over, you collapsed on the coach, exhausted. You heard the General chuckle darkly as he removed your bra, and turned you onto your back. You blinked up at him, taking in his mussed hair and red ears. He was panting hard as he looked at you, his gloveless hand stroking your cheek gently. “Do you have any idea how delicious you look when you’re fucked out?” He asked grinning. “I want to take you again.” You shuddered and groaned, canting your hips up as though he really would. “Such a needy little thing,” he whispered as he kissed the marks he left on your neck. “It’s like you were made to be my personal slut.” You pursed your lips, trying to kiss his, but he dodged them deftly. Instead, he focused on your neck and shoulders, giving little love nips and gentle kisses. You sighed happily anyway, accepting what small signs of affection he was willing to give He continued his gentle attentions until you were more than half asleep. By the time he returned from the fresher with a damp cloth to clean you up, you had already entered your own little dream world. He chuckled quietly as he looked at you. Fuck were you beautiful after a good fucking. His cock gave a tired twitch as he began cleaning you up between your legs. By the time you woke up, he had already dimmed the lights. You were expecting to find him still up and working, but were pleasantly surprised when you recognized the hard chest beneath your head. You looked around, noticing the small blanket he had draped over the both of you. You were completely laying on top of him, had been snuggling into him while you slept. You looked up at him, his ginger head resting on a thin pillow. There was enough light to see how strangely innocent he looked with his eyes closed. You bit your lip. He was the most beautiful man you had ever seen, the most powerful man you have ever known. And he was holding you gently against his warmth. You crept closer to his face. His surprisingly full lips were slightly parted, a slight snore coming from them. You licked yours, creeping closer and closer. You were just about to kiss him when you paused. He seemed to have been avoiding kissing you on the mouth, dodging your every attempt to initiate it. For what reason, you couldn’t imagine, but it seemed . . . wrong somehow. To steal a kiss he was unwilling to give you, especially with how well he had been treating you since this affair started, it would have been a violation, you knew. Instead, your lips found his jaw, his throat. You were delighted to find that he had removed his shirt, and was now wearing only a black tank top. You kissed down to what bits of his chest your mouth could find without disrobing him. You heard him groan, felt him buck up into you. “Would you still like to choke on my cock?” he asked, the sleep in his voice somehow making it darker, sexier. You looked up, at his brilliant blue eyes as they gazed on you. His hand carded through your hair as his bare arm pulled you closer to him. There was a slight smirk on his lips, as if he knew what you had been up to. You blushed at the thought, grinding yourself down onto him, smiling when his hips bucked. “Yes, please, General.” Notes: Oh, General, you sexy little bastard. :P I just love Hux smut, guys. I can't help myself. In real life news, I just got promoted to my yellow belt in jujitsu! I know it's literally JUST above a white belt, but I only started classes when I was having trouble a while back and I was hella surprised when they called my name. I'm really looking forward to classes resuming because I've never met such an awesome, caring group of people. It's been a week since I was promoted, and I'm STILL SO EXCITED! Chapter 13 : You're Not Serious Summary: Molls is back! And just in time to give the Reader much needed girl talk. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been weeks since the General informed you of your accidental voyeurism, weeks since he asked if you wanted to be plugged during your shift. He had yet to bring the subject up again. Perhaps he sensed your hesitation and was waiting for you to warm up to the idea. In any case, life on board the Finalizer continued as normal. The only change was how the General had taken to inviting you to share his morning meal with him. “I enjoy your company, Officer l/n,” was his only reply when you asked him about the change. You didn’t pursue the line of questioning, far too distracted with how his long fingers were creeping up your thigh. The one thing that bothered you was how Lieutenant Mitaka acted around you now that he knew you were in a physical relationship with the General. It was subtle enough that for the first few days you hadn’t really noticed. While Mitaka was just as polite to you as ever, he wasn’t nearly as friendly. And that bothered you. A lot. Whenever you tried to confront him about it, however, something happened that called one of you away. Either he was suddenly needed somewhere else, or the General called you to his office. Normally you would invite him over your quarters for some wine and holomovies, try to get to the root of whatever his problem was. But when you asked if he would like some company after work, the man blanched and stuttered an excuse. Which is why you were in your quarters shortly after work, on a holocall with Molls. Of course, you had to tell Molls you were seeing someone in order to complain, but you made it very clear you would not tell her who and she was not to go digging. “I just don’t get it!” You complained to the tiny blue form of your friend. “He’s avoiding me as though I had a plague or something. He won’t joke around. He won’t ask me how I slept. He’s not even listening to me complain about my mother!” Your friend shook her head. “Oh, honey.” You pointed an accusatory finger at her. “Don’t ‘oh honey’ me, Molls. If you know why he’s suddenly acting so weird, it’s your duty as my friend to tell me!” Molls scoffed before sticking a pen in her bun. “Listen, girl. It’s not my place to tell you, ok? If you can’t figure out why he’s treating you differently now that he knows you have a beau, that’s your problem.” You paused in your furious brush strokes, staring at the tiny image. “You’re not serious.” “Babe, he’s had his heart set on you ever since you broke GX-298’s arm in training.” She smiled smugly. “And he’s liked you long before then. Probably as soon as you stepped on this ship.” You shook your head, tossing the brush on your couch. “No way. He would have told me.” “And risk getting rejected?” Molls asked. “Don’t forget, your mom’s still trying to hook you up with some rich Senator. And you’ve always been a stickler for duty, no matter how ambitious you are about your career.” “Tradesman,” you corrected. “Huh?” You sighed. “She’s looking at some big wig who runs a trading company. Not much on power, but plenty of wealth.” Molls bit her lip to keep from laughing. “Can’t picture you as a merchant’s wife, hun.” Your brows furrowed. “That’s because I won’t be. I’m an Officer of the First Order. Even if I was interested, it’d be bad business for him.” She waved her hand in front of her face. “Regardless. You may not have noticed, but Mitaka’s been working his ass off for any kind of promotion since he started admiring you. Had it in his head that if he made something of himself, your mother might be more inclined to give you two a shot.” “But, he didn’t tell me about it?!” You saw Moll’s slim shoulders rise in an uncomfortable shrug. “He wanted to make it so your mother would approve first? I don’t know. I’m sure it seemed logical to him. Maybe he wanted to impress the both of you.” You sighed, frustrated. “That’s assuming that he actually was interested, of course. And just for the record, I’m still not buying it.” “Noted.” Her eyes scanned something out of frame. “Regardless, just give him a little bit. He might still be getting used to the idea of you being with anyone. It’s not like you’ve made the rounds since getting on ship.” You shrugged. “Usually it’s just too much effort.” “Oh?” Molls’ smile made you uncomfortable. “And your mysterious stranger is worth the effort?” “Well . . .” you cleared your throat. “He-he ah, doesn’t ask much of me.” “Let me guess,” Molls seemed to lean back in whatever chair she was sitting in. “Higher ranking, right? Probably has you at his beck and call, with everything all laid out for your dalliances? Explains the secrecy too. Wouldn’t want anyone to think you slept your way up and all.” “Molls!” you exclaimed, hoping the blue of the holo would mask your blush. “Hey, I get it. And if he’s good enough to be worth the hassle, then good for you. Just keep in mind that just because you can’t tell me who he is doesn’t mean you can’t tell me anything. Girlfriends share secrets, remember?” You rolled your eyes, even though you were certain it wasn’t captured on the holo. “Sure, Molls. Just . . . nothing too personal, ok?” Molls just gave you a look that said she’d get every last detail out of you, given enough time. “So . . .” you rubbed your elbow. “Mitaka’s not mad or anything, right?” “Babe, I haven’t spoken to much of anyone in the last couple of weeks. This latest project is taking up a lot of time. But yeah, I think he’ll be fine. He’s not gonna throw away a perfectly good friendship with you just because he’s butt hurt you didn’t pick him.” You squirmed uncomfortably in your seat. It’s not like anything with the General was serious, just exclusive. And that was fine with you. Just the thought of him made your toes curl. But the idea that Mitaka had been carrying torch for you all this time. What if you had sent him a transcript of your dream involving him? “Hey, y/n? Y/n? You still there?” You shook yourself away from your thoughts. “Sorry, Molls. Just . . . kinda in a funk, I guess.” “Hey, it’s fine. I have to go now, but we’ll talk later, ok? Maybe once my plate is clear we can have a girl’s night with wine and face masks and those awful holodramas you love so much. And don’t think I haven’t forgotten the ball-thing you finally agreed to go to. We’re definitely talking about that sooner rather than later.” You stuck your tongue out at her. “You love them too. You’re just too cool and sciency to admit it.” Molls smiled as though she were indulging an infant. “Whatever helps you sleep at night. Talk soon, and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” “Well, that doesn’t really limit my options, now does it?” You saw her shake her head before turning off the holo, leaving you alone with your thoughts. Which is exactly where you didn’t want to be. You frowned, going over to the fridge to see what wine you had. Mitaka had always been your friend. He had actually been the first person who had been kind to you. When he noticed your trainer had you close to tears, he put in a request for his transfer instead of yours. He really should have just told you to buck up and deal with it. You were an Officer of the First Order, and there was no place for weakness. Instead he had offered you a hand when you needed it, and a shoulder when it was too much. The challenge of the job was fine. You actually liked being challenged. It was the pressure that got to you, and knowing that if you failed you would either be killed or sent back to your parents. And you honestly couldn’t be sure which was worse. You shut the door of the fridge with a bit more force than necessary. You were out of wine. You were about to check if you had any frozen meals waiting, since your usual dinner hadn’t arrived yet and you were too hungry to wait. A notification on your datapad put an end to that search. Come to my office for your dinner. I require your attendance for a surprise. If you’re good for me, I’ll reward you x ~Gen. Hux Your insides twisted a bit. Seeing the General would either be the perfect distraction, or just make the strange guilt you were feeling even worse. Sighing, you quickly did your hair back into its bun before leaving your quarters. Whatever reward the General had had better be worth it. Notes: This turned out a bit shorter than I meant, and got out a lot later. But hey! Molls is back! And Reader knows about Mitaka's crush on her. Gee, I wonder how well she's gonna deal with that. And WHAT is the General up to?? Chapter 14 : Measurments Summary: You go to the General's office wanting a distraction. *No smut in this chapter, but they'll definitely be some in the next one. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As you walked towards your General’s office, you tried to tamp down on the guilt you felt in your gut. After all, you hadn’t noticed Mitaka’s attentions being anything other than friendly. And if he really did feel that way towards you, he should have damn well said something. You hadn’t exactly been looking for anything with anyone. And while Mitaka had featured in a few of your more steamy dreams, you were seeing the General. What could have happened didn’t matter when compared with what did. Either Mitaka would get over this, and continue to be the sweet, caring friend you always thought he was, or he wouldn’t and would miss out. It was just . . . you really didn’t want to lose Mitaka’s friendship. He and Molls were really the only two people you had on this ship, besides the General. But you couldn’t exactly talk to the General the way you could talk to your friends. For one, there was you usually far too much cock in your mouth for polite conversation, and you were taught never to speak with your mouth full. It was rude, after all. Three quick raps and the door opened. You were expecting it to be dark. Whenever you had visited the General after shift, he usually had the lights dimmed. Instead, you found the General sitting at his desk in his very well-lit office. There was a small stand in the middle of the floor, which you avoided in order to reach his desk. “You called for me, sir?” you asked, placing your hands behind your back. “Ah, yes,” the General smirked as he looked up from his data-pad. “My favorite little whore. Have you missed the attentions of your Emperor, pet?” You blushed, looking at your shoes. So he wanted to play this game again? Good. It was one of your favorites. “I was worried you had forgotten about me, your highness.” You whispered, pretending to be the sweet girl he had been gifted. “O-or that you had preferred the company of one of the others.” You heard him chuckle as he got up and walked to you. “My poor little slut. Has my precious girl felt unappreciated?” He walked behind you, allowing his long fingers to trail down your sides. “Allow me to apologize, precious. I did not mean to abandon you.” His hot breath caressed your neck. “Please, my lord,” you whimpered, not having to fake how he affected you. “Please, let me serve you. I just want to please you.” His hands gently gripped your breasts over your shirt. “Already so well trained. I knew you’d be a good little cum-slut for me. You know your place, don’t you, precious?” “Yes, sir.” You tried keeping still, tried not to thrust your hips back to where you knew his hardness was aching for you. “I have a gift in plan for you, precious.” He buried his nose in your hair. “A mark or two of favor so that the others know who my favorite really is.” You shivered. “Am I truly your favorite, my lord?” “You doubt me?” he teased before laying a finger on your jaw, turning your head to look at him. “There is no maiden in my empire as lovely or willing as you.” His lips were warm as they brushed your temple. “I have my best tailor on his way to measure you, sweet. I’ll drape you in the most exquisite finery and parade you in front of the whole galaxy.” You blinked at him, brows furrowing. “Is this part of the game, General?” He nodded. “New uniforms are being considered, officer. I’ve volunteered you to be the female model for the designer.” “Why me, sir?” His smirk turned predatory as he turned you before pulling you closer. You could feel the beginning twitches of his arousal. “Because you have the most beautiful body I have ever seen.” His lips found the soft skin of your neck again. “Is my little whore shy to be shown so publicly? Doesn’t she want the galaxy to know who she belongs to? The only man worthy of her beauty?” You moaned as his teeth nibbled on your ear lobe. His hands gripped your ass, pulling you even closer. You moaned, daring to grip his shoulders, whispering desperate pleas in his ear. There was a knock at the door. The General released you so quickly, you nearly stumbled. There was a soft kiss on your temple before he returned to behind your desk. “Be good, Officer,” he warned. “Remember this is an official fitting.” You nodded, schooling your face before the General unlocked the door. One of the most beautiful men you’ve ever seen stepped through. You didn’t recognize him, which wasn’t too surprising with how large the ship was. He wore a well-fitted standard First Order uniform, with soft dark hair just long enough to show the beginning of curls. It was his eyes, however, that drew your attention and caused a slight blush to bloom in your cheeks. He had the most strikingly beautiful green eyes you had ever seen. He didn’t look at you before saluting the General. “Officer Blak,” the General addressed the stranger. “This is Officer l/n. Please proceed as we have already discussed.” The man nodded at the General before turning to you and motioning towards the platform you had avoided earlier. “If you please, Officer l/n.” His voice was surprisingly deep for such a slight man. It made you shiver as you glanced back at the General’s cold stare. You tried not to seem nervous as you stepped onto the platform. After all, you’ve been through countless fittings before the Academy. But you could feel the General’s icy gaze on you, surveying every dip and curve of your body. You could feel a blush creep to your neck. Officer Blak, you were glad to find, was just as professional as anyone working under the General should be. There were no “accidental” caresses or grips, and he was sure to do his work as quickly and efficiently as possible. As a result, the fitting took half the time you had expected, with the Officer entering in your measurements on his datapad. Once finished, he was kind enough to help you down, his gloved hand stiff under yours. Ignoring you once again, the man flipped through several applications while walking towards the General. Sharing the screen, the two men spoke quietly together before the General dismissed Officer Blak with a stiff nod. “That will be all, Officer,” the General announced. “I shall send you further instructions at a later time. This is top priority, so do not fail me.” To his credit, Officer Blak took the General’s icy glare rather well, giving a perfect salute before exiting. Before you could ask the General why possible new uniforms were a top priority, he rounded the desk and took your hand. He led you to the wall of duraglass, positioning you in front of him. “See how lovely you are, my pet?” his voice sent shivers down your spine. His strong fingers gripped your jaw, turning your face this way and that. “You have the face of an angel, my dear.” His hands lowered to caress the curve of your waist. “And you have the body of a goddess.” You watched his reflection close its eyes as you felt his lips warm on your neck. You bit your lip, watching him. He was so handsome, and you felt so warm in his embrace. “Shall I please you now, my lord?” you asked, keeping your voice soft and humble. “Not yet, my angel.” He reached behind himself. “Take your shirt off, precious. I have another gift for you. Close your eyes now.” You shivered as you quickly unbuttoned your shirt, letting it fall in a whisper to the floor. You were half expecting to feel his warm hands on your lace covered breasts, but instead you felt a ribbon of cold close about your throat. Your eyes flew open as you heard a small click. “There now,” the General’s reflection smirked. “How do you like it?” Your fingers touched the ribbon of tiny metal links. It was half an inch wide, made of tiny links of white metal, and glittered in the cold light. “Oh, sir,” you whispered, still fingering the choker. “Do you like it, precious?” You looked at his reflection. There was a strange, nervous energy to him, and a small blush on his pale cheeks. “It’s beautiful, sir.” You felt your own cheeks blushing. “Thank you.” His smirk made your knees feel weak. “I’m glad.” One of his long fingers stroked the band gently. “I want you to always wear this under your uniform. A constant reminder on the days we’re apart of who you belong to.” You smiled as he kissed the skin above your gift. “The other ladies will be jealous of such attentions, my lord.” He chuckled low in your ear. “Hang the others. You please me more and more each day I have you.” You turned your head so that you could nuzzle his cheek. “That’s all I want, your highness. To please you, to serve you. May I, my lord? I’ve been aching for you these past few days.” This is what you wanted , you thought as his warm hands slipped your skirt over your hips. This was the only thing you wanted to think of as the General rutted against your ass. “I want to choke you on my cock.” The General half moaned, his hands grabbing at your flesh. “Please.” Notes: Reader was "volunteered"? For new uniforms? Uh-huh. Because a man who values the traditions of the Empire would totally change the uniforms on a whim. *squints* You, sir, are up to something, aren't you? In other news, I'm thinking about doing a Math the Radar Technician x Reader Rocker girl fic. Would anyone be interested in reading if I decide to go ahead and jump in? Chapter 15 : Good Idea Summary: The Emperor certainly enjoys his favorite little whore. Was honestly tempted to title this "Poor Mitaka:, for obvious reasons. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Your face was hot with lack of oxygen as you sputtered around your General’s cock. You were on your knees, your shirt tied tightly around your wrists, and the General’s hands were in your hair as he held your nose to his abdomen. His thick cock was held deep in your throat, enjoying the feeling of your wet heat. Hearing the deep groan that echoed in the near empty office was worth the oxygen deprivation. Finally, he pushed your face away. You gasped in air as you nearly lost your balance. You looked up at your General with watering eyes. “Please, my lord,” your voice was hoarse from your treatment. “Please, I want more.” “Of course you do, sweet whore,” he smirked at you, stroking his cock, glistening with your saliva. There was a beautiful flush on his high cheek bones. “You want to taste your Emperor, don’t you? Want to swallow all of my cum?” You nodded, inching closer to him on your knees. “Oh please, your highness. I’m hungry for it.” You opened your mouth, flicking your tongue on the purpled tip of his cock. “Please, I want it so much.” You heard him groan deep in his throat as his other hand gripped your hair. “Open up, my sweet girl. Wanna paint that pretty face of yours.” His eyes gleamed, feverish as he stroked himself faster, gripped himself harder. “Take it, slut!” You closed your eyes as you felt his cum hit your face, keeping your mouth wide open to swallow down as much as you could. Stream after stream hit you, making you moan in delight. “Fuck, y/n,” the General groaned as he caught his breath. “So fucking sexy.” You blinked up at him, licking at your lips to catch as much cum as you could. “Please, sir. Feed me?” His growl was fucking delicious as his long fingers scooped up his mess, feeding you the salty substance. He scraped it against your tongue, pumping his fingers into your sweet mouth. “Fucking taste me, you nasty little whore.” You moaned as you sucked at his fingers, swirling your tongue to catch everything he could give. “So fucking good, sir. Mmmmm, I want all of it.” He smirked at you. “Do I taste good, my little slut? Do you want to be fed your Emperor’s cum?” The General straightened, holding his still half hard cock to your lips. “You want every drop, don’t you?” “Oh please, your highness.” You were breathless as you sucked on his tip, taking in every bit of cum he had left. A strong hand gripped your arm, pulling you to your feet before pushing you to the couch. “On your knees, slut. Show me that pretty little cunt. Your Emperor is hungry too.” You knelt on the cushions. The General pushed your face down, your bound arms unable to keep you upright. You felt his long fingers at your cunt, pushing into your wetness. Your moan might have been softened by the cushions, but the General’s cock still twitched in interest when he heard it. “So fucking wet for me.” He chuckled. “My poor little slut. Have you been drenched this whole time?” “Yes, your highness,” your voice was muffled, even as you twisted your face to the side for some much needed air. “I’ve been wet since the last time you called on me.” Two fingers were unceremoniously shoved deep into your cunt, making you gasp. You moaned, wiggling in anticipation. “My patient girl,” Hux muttered. You could almost feel the smirk on his face. “Always so good for me, aren’t you? Hmmm? My perfect little fuck-toy.” You felt his hot tongue lap at your lips. “The greatest gift I’ve ever been given. Do you know what happened to the man who gave you to me?” You shook your head, whimpering as he ravished you with his tongue and fingers. “I gave him a rather wealthy system to govern.” He chuckled. “The fool doesn’t realize I got the better end of the deal.” His lips caressed your clit. “Open a bit wider for me, dear girl. I want all of you.” You opened legs as wide as you could, your ass high in the air as a result. You shouldn’t have been surprised when his tongue traced the rim of your puckered hole, but you still weren’t used to it. Nevertheless, you couldn’t stop the moan that escaped your lips. Grinding yourself against him, you muttered praises to your Emperor, telling him how good he felt. How good he was to you, and how much you loved being his little fuck toy. “Mmmm,” he moaned as he tasted you. “You’re so delicious. Every part of you.” You moaned, grinding back against his tongue. “Oh, your highness. That feels so good!” “Does it?” he chuckled as he lay soft kisses on your ass. “I still want to fill you and plug you.” He slipped a long finger into your mouth, instructing you to suck. “Soon, my sweet girl. I’ll fill you to bursting with my cum and keep you filled.” You moaned as he slipped his wet fingers from between your lips. “Oh, please, my lord,” you said on a breath. “I love being filled by you.” You felt the pad of his finger circle your hole, slowly pushing itself in as his hot mouth returned to your cunt. You gasped as his finger slowly filled you, his plush lips sucking hard on your clit. You didn’t hold back your moans as you rode his face, the finger in your ass making you feel incredibly full. Another finger entered your cunt, finding your bundle of nerves quickly and rubbing harshly. It was too much. Far too much stimulation for you to be able to hold out. Even your nipples were being rubbed against the couch, pebbling with arousal. The game momentarily forgotten, you swore loudly, fucking yourself on his mouth. Your body was covered in slick sweat, your muscles spasaming and shaking until- “Oh fucking Stars! General!” Every muscle tightened, your back arching as you screamed out your orgasm. The General moved behind you, spitting at your puckered hole. Your anus tightening around his finger deliciously. His cock was hard again, and he wasted no time with plunging it into your still pulsing cunt. You were panting heavily, moaning as you felt his invasion. He was so fucking thick, almost too much after your recent orgasm. Your whimpers were pitiful as you struggled with too much sensation. “Shhhhh,” the General comforted, leaning over to brush his soft lips across the back of your neck, grazing the metal of your gift. “Such a good girl for me, aren’t you y/n? You take what I give you so well. So willing for me. So tight.” He groaned deep in his chest as he began thrusting gently. “You look so fucking good beneath me, wrapped around my cock like a common whore.” You moaned, wiggling in his grasp. Your cunt suddenly much more accepting of his girth as he whispered filthy words to you. One of his hands grasped your ass, squeezing the soft flesh before slapping it lightly. You gasped, rutting back against him. “Oh yes, you look so fucking good. Do you know what some men would give just to see you like this? Mmmmm, fuck! All fucking mine, aren’t you? Such an obedient little fuck.” He thrust harder now. His balls slapping against your clit providing even more sensation as you whimpered and begged. “You want to cum, little slut?” He was breathing hard now. “Do you think you deserve to cum on your Emperor’s cock?” “Oh please, my lord. Please, you fuck me so well. You feel so good. Please, please let me cum!” His teeth found your shoulder, biting down gently as he continued pounding into you. His finger in your ass, thrusting gently, filling you up. “Do it, little slut. And know I’m the only man that will ever fuck you like this. No one else can have the Emperor’s favorite!” You didn’t scream as your cunt tightened around him. Too lost in pleasure, no sound could escape your opened mouth. The General swore above you, rubbing at your clit to prolong the feeling of your tight little cunt before spilling himself with a soft groan. In the moments it took you to come back to reality, he untied your hands and turned you to lay on the couch. You blinked your eyes at him, and he gave you a ghost of a smile, long fingers caressing your jaw. “You’re so beautiful like this, y/n.” He said as he draped a blanket over you. “Rest for a moment. It seems as though you certainly needed that.” You loved the feeling of his lips on your temple. “I did, sir. I’m afraid I’ve been rather thin lately.” “Oh?” He fixed himself before picking up your clothing, folding it neatly before placing it at your feet, pocketing the scrap of lace you had worn for panties as discreetly as possible. “And why is that?” “Well . . . “ you began, looking nervously at him. “I-I’ve found out why Lieutenant Mitaka has been acting differently lately. I was . . . disappointed, I suppose.” He gave you a hard stare. “He’s in love with you,” he put simply. You shouldn’t have been surprised. He had shown such attention to detail, after all. But as he brushed a lock of your hair behind your ear, you couldn’t help but stare up at him. “I-“ you began, but never finished. He chuckled, touching the thin ribbon of metal around your neck. “It’s obvious, really. You are a beautiful, captivating woman. And you’ve spent much of your time on the Finalizer with the Lieutenant. It’s only natural that feelings would develop.” “But,” you avoided his gaze. “He never told me. I never noticed. I had just assumed that we were friends, and he was just kind. He never gave me any real hint of being overly fond of me.” The General tried not to laugh at that. There was no reason to upset you, especially after having just finished pleasuring you. “My dear,” he drew your face to him. “That is his loss, not your fault. Give him time, and I’m certain he will return to the friendship you have come to expect from him.” “You knew, didn’t you?” “Of course,” he gave you a final kiss before returning to his desk, dimming the lights as he went. “You didn’t tell me.” Stars, you sounded like a child. “It was not my place,” he explained simply, taking his datapad to order a meal for the both of you. “Rest, my dear. Don’t trouble yourself over this matter.” You didn’t want to rest. You wanted him to tell you everything he knew. When did he notice? What were you supposed to do? How could you get your friend back? But your body was exhausted, and the blanket smelled like him. Your eyes drooped before closing completely, your body curled into itself warm and safe in your General’s office. He watched you as you slept, little glances as he looked up from his work. The blanket had fallen off your shoulder, and he could see the underside of your breast where your arm hadn’t covered it. Your mouth was open a bit, and he could almost hear a little snore. You were beautiful like this. The General paused looking over reports in order to think. The situation with Mitaka was causing you unnecessary stress. The best course of action would be to temporarily remove you from the situation. The project the two of you had been working on was nearly complete, and he was pleased with the results so far. But there still would not be a need to relocate you to Starkiller before the Gala. Unless. He would have to go planetside shortly before the Gala in order to do some business for the First Order. The General pulled up your file. As expected, you were a good candidate with a specialty in hand to hand combat. You were at the very least just as qualified as any lieutenant on the ship. He typed up the request, sending it to the Officer he had placed in charge of your advancement. Becoming his temporary assistant might raise a few eyebrows, as he usually preferred to do the work himself. There wouldn’t be anything before the Gala you didn’t already have clearance for. It wasn't as if the temporary position would be much of an advancement in your career, so he was confident this would not be an abuse of power. Besides, it would be nice to spend some time alone with you. Hux smiled as he thought of the several long nights he would have to look forward to should you accompany him. He doubted he would even bother using the quarters he was sure to be assigned. He hadn’t taken you to his quarters aboard the Finalizer yet, despite how the thought of fucking you in his own bed made him painfully hard. There was a knock on the door. Two quick raps. The General couldn’t stop the smirk on his face as he quickly crossed his office to make sure you were decent. No one could see your nakedness but him. He unlocked the door only after he was once again at his desk, datapad in hand. Lieutenant Mitaka didn’t notice you at first, not until he turned in order to place the tray on the table the General usually ate his meals. He paused, his face going white before blushing a fierce red. You were covered completely, yes. But the General had placed your folded clothing at your feet. Mumbling an apology, the Lieutenant placed the tray, careful not to make a noise that would wake you. He glared fiercely at the General, even as he made a perfect military salute before stalking off. He made sure the door shut quickly behind him. The General chuckled darkly to himself before getting up to wake you for dinner. Yes, perhaps some time together was a good idea. Notes: Well, we all knew the General was a bad guy. :( Poor Mitaka, please forgive me. But hey! Reader might get some "alone time" with our dear General! :P Wouldn't that be lovely? Chapter 16 : Nothing's Changed Summary: A call from your mother has left you feeling rather aggressive. Your workout is interrupted, however, by a very nervous Lieutenant. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was your day off, and normally you would either be reading in your rooms, spending time with Mitaka or Molls (depending on who was available), or getting your cunt fucked by the General. Sadly, however, your day had begun with a call from your mother, which naturally led to an argument with your mother. And so you had dressed in your work out gear, and found a quiet training room to practice your kata forms. Your heart was pumping hard even before you began, and so you took a few moments to calm yourself before you began. You moved your body from one form to another, slowly. Your hands kept tight as you jabbed at your invisible opponent. Sadly you didn’t have a partner to practice on. When you were new, everyone thought it would be fun to put the fresh meat in her place. Before the week was out, it got to the point where only experience officers or Stormtroopers were willing to spar with you. You worked yourself into a fine sweat. The hair that escaped your pony tail and your already tight work out cloths clinging to your wet skin. You kept your movements large and exaggerated, enjoying the freedom that came with finally being able to practice. You stopped suddenly, barely catching yourself before you fell. Mitaka stood silently at the doorway, face blushing and eyes looking away. “Hey,” his voice was soft. “Hello.” You tried to keep from panting, always embarrassed by how unseemly you looked after a good work out. “What are you doing here?” The Lieutenant cleared his throat. “I went to your quarters, but you weren’t there. Since Molls is still in the middle of whatever top secret project she’s gotten involved with . . . I just figured you’d be here.” “Oh,” you looked away, grabbing up a towel clear the sweat from the back of your neck. “Yeah. Just got off a call with mother.” He chuckled nervously. “Can’t imagine what she could have said to work you up like this.” You smirked. “What else? My apparent upcoming nuptials.” You took a swig of water. “Who is it this time?” Your face soured in disgust. “A Republic-friendly Senator, if you can believe it. He’s wealthy enough to catch her eye. At least this one’s younger than the last dozen.” Mitaka laughed, though his smile didn’t reach his eyes. There was a beat of awkward silence. “Listen, y/n, Molls told me about your conversation.” He scratched the back of his head. “I-I hope you’re not mad at her. She was just trying to help.” “Yeah, I know. I wasn’t making things easy.” He had been looking at the floor before looking suddenly into your eyes. “I’m sorry. I was being an ass.” Your hands wrung the towel. “Yeah, you kinda were.” He blushed. “Look, I know the whole situation sucks, and it’s not what you wanted. But you were my friend. You shouldn’t have shut me out like that.” “I know,” he said quietly. “I love you.” Your breath stopped, your already over-heated face flushing deeper. “Taka . . .” “Just let me say it.” He held up his hands. “I love you, and it’s ok that you don’t love me back. Or that you don’t love me the way I want you to. You don’t have to. I’ve loved you for most of our friendship, and I probably still will even after this.” He took a deep breath. “But that doesn’t give me the right to act like a jealous boyfriend when I never had the stones to ask you out in the first place.” You hid your hands behind your back. The air in the room seemed heavier somehow. Mitaka smiled at you, the way he used to when you two were just hanging out. “Your friendship is enough, y/n. I don’t care if we never have the kind of relationship I was hoping for. You were my friend before anything else and-“ You saw his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed hard. “And I’m hoping you still are.” That’s when you smiled. “Taka, I was hoping you’d say that.” Before you could stop yourself, you flung your arms around him. “I was so worried you’d hate me.” He laughed as his arms came around you. “For what? It’s none of my business who you want to see. As long as you’re happy.” There was a slight blush on his sweet face when you pulled back. “So we’re still friends?” “Of course.” He smiled as he tucked a strand of hair behind your ear. From the corner of the room, you heard your comm beep. “Oh, sorry!” you said as you hurried to it. A message from the General. Y/n, I’ve been thinking of those sweet lips all day. Spare a minute? I’ll be waiting with a few new toys, in case you need a reason to hurry. ~Gen. Hux You bit your lip to keep a goofy smile on your face. “That’s him, isn’t it?” Mitaka asked hesitantly. You frowned, guilt evident on your face as you looked at your friend. “Hey,” he said softly, placing his hand on your shoulder. “Don’t look at me like that. Just promise if he hurts you so I can stalk up on your favorite wine.” You laughed at that, squeezing the hand on your shoulder with your own. “Sweet wine from Naboo.” You winked at him. “But hopefully you won’t need it.” He gave you a smile that was sadder than you liked. “Hopefully not. Now, best not keep him waiting. Let me know if you have any time for a cheesy romantic holodrama tonight.” You stuck out your tongue before grabbing your bag and heading out. “I’m sure I’ll have time, but I’ll let you know. And I’ll let you pick which drama if you bring the snacks.” “Hey! If we’re watching at your place, then you should offer me food!” He called to you as you walked down the hall. You laughed instead of answering. You never brought the food. Back in the training room, Mitaka held a hand to his forehead. “Ok,” he muttered to himself. “At least she’s not mad. You can do this, Dopheld. Just business as usual. Nothing’s changed.” He looked around, almost certain this was the same room he realized he felt something more than friendship for you. His brows furrowed slightly, and if you or Molls were with him, you would have accused him of pouting. “Nothing’s changed.” Notes: My best description for this is "friendship fluff". Not really sure how to describe it, but these two needed to talk. Might not have been the in depth conversation they actually needed to have, but we'll take what we can get. Smutty smut deliciousness in the next chapter ;) Chapter 17 : Comfortable Trust Summary: The General has some toys he wants to use on you, and you let slip some information about previous lovers. Oh dear. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) On your way to the General’s office, you took out your gift from the pocket you had kept it in when training. The metal was cold again as you clasped it around your throat, the feeling of it causing you to shiver with anticipation. What sort of toys did the General have for you this time? Three quick raps, and the door opened for you. His office lights were dimmed, and you couldn’t see him at his desk. Cautiously you stepped inside, letting the door close behind you. “General, sir?” you called into the room. The door to the fresher opened, and the General stepped quickly inside. He paused when he saw you, his eyes growing dark. “Good afternoon, Officer l/n. Gotten my invitation have you?” You blushed, shifting from foot to foot as you grasped your gym bag. “Yes, sir. I came as soon as I could.” You looked down at yourself. “Perhaps I should have changed first.” He took your bag, tossing it by the couch before grasping your chin, forcing you to look at him. “Oh, precious. There’s no need for that.” His voice lowered deliciously. “You’re going to strip for me either way. Let’s get you out of those clothes, shall we?” Without warning, he ripped your tight gym shirt off of you, flinging it away with surprising carelessness. His long, pale fingers caressed your bound breasts. “Really? Two sports bras?” You tilted your chin, refusing to blush. “I’ve been overly blessed, sir. I have to make sure I don’t get a black eye when tumbling.” He chuckled, peeling them away and over your head. “I didn’t realize they were such a safety hazard. Ah, there we are. Two beautiful ladies.” His hands cupped them gently as he thumbed your nipples. You were still sweaty from your work out. “Um . . .” “Yes, officer?” he asked as his lips brushed the bare portion of your neck. “Perhaps I should shower first, sir.” He chuckled, taking a moment to lick up the side of your neck. “Don’t be ridiculous, l/n. I’m only going to work you up into another sweat.” He bit at your shoulder. His hands slid down your sides, oh so slowly. “Mmmmm,” he groaned in your ear. “General,” you whispered, pressing yourself against him. His hands moved to cup your ass. “Your gorgeous, y/n.” he gave you a little squeeze. “Did you dress in this tight little outfit just to entice me, you naughty thing?” You kissed at his neck, moaning as he manhandled you. “Of course, General. Want you to see everything.” The General rolled your leggings down, revealing your less than attractive underwear. You blushed, knowing he preferred the lace panties he had bought for you. The General knelt as he pushed the leggings to your ankles. He looked at your underwear, smirking. “I think I’ll have to order you some more lacey things, won’t I?” You bit your lip. “Well, you keep taking them, sir.” He kissed the skin of your stomach, just above your panty lines as he slowly slipped them from your hips. “Mmmm, yes, well . . . we all have our little weaknesses, don’t we?” His eyes flashed up at you. “I’ll have more made for you, precious.” Still kneeling, with your hot cunt in front of him and your delicious scent flooding his nose – the General could not resist. His mouth met your mound with a groan, his tongue darting from behind his lips to taste you. You moaned, sliding your fingers in to his ginger hair, tugging him closer. “Oh, sir,” you breathed. “Your mouth feels so good.” He groaned, his hands gripping your ass, pulling you closer to him. “Taste so fucking good. Mmmm, my good little whore.” You shivered, lifting a leg over his shoulder and grinding yourself into him. “You said you had toys, sir?” His teeth nipped your pussy lips gently as he chuckled. “Eager, precious?” He stood, straightening himself. You watched as he licked your taste off his lips. “Fuck,” you whispered. A light slap to your bottom made you jump. “Watch your language, Officer. Now be a good little whore, and go sit on my desk.” Another smack sent you on your way. You were flushing as you settled yourself, spreading your legs for him. He made a sound deep in his chest, palming his growing bulge as he looks at you. “Are you ready to play, precious?” You nodded, biting your lip. “Please, sir.” “Stay there,” he says as he walks around the desk. “Don’t move.” You heard a drawer open, heard the General dig through it. Whatever it was, it sounded like he made sure to hide it well. “Are you ready, precious?” he whispered hotly in your ear before returning to his place in front of you, a shiny black box in his hand. You smirked. “Whatever you’re planning, General, I hope it’s worth the wait.” “Turn over, Officer.” There was a delicious smirk on his face. You turned, pressing your torso to his cold desk. Biting your lip, you wiggled your hips in hopes of enticing him. He slapped your ass. “Be still, precious. Remember the colors. I won’t do anything to hurt you.” You heard the box opening—heard the snapping sound of a container. You gasped as you felt something cold being poured over your puckered hole, moaned as you felt the tip of his finger slowly massage you open, pushing the lube inside. “Have you ever done this before, y/n? Taken a cock in your ass?” he asked breathlessly. You whimpered before nodding. “Did you like it?” he nipped at the skin of your shoulder blade. You shook your head, unable to see the slight frown of concern. His finger stopped, still halfway in your ass. “If you’re not interested, precious, I won’t be upset with you. I have other toys for us to try.” You whimpered, shaking your head. “N-no, that’s not it, sir.” “What is it, then?” his clean hand stroked the swell of your ass gently. “You can be honest with me, y/n.” You took a breath, keeping your face to the opposite wall. You didn’t want to see his reaction. “The-the man I was with he . . .” “Yes?” he asked patiently, laying gentle kisses on your back. “He wasn’t as careful as he should have been, sir.” He paused, straightening to look down at your gorgeous body. “What happened?” “He hurt me, sir. Things ended shortly after.” Your face was blazing. “There wasn’t any damage . . . I just- I’m just nervous.” For a moment white hot rage flooded the General’s system. That anyone could be presented the privilege of having you, only to hurt you while intimate? His stomach clenched in anger, and for too long of a moment he was silent. “I’m interested with you, sir!” you tried to recover. “I-I just need time to adjust is all.” Hux took a breath, shoving his anger down so that it wouldn’t show. He didn’t want you to think it was directed towards you. He kissed the back of your neck, oh so gently. “We will take as much time as you need to adjust, precious. And if you decide it’s not something you want after all, there are plenty of other ways I can pleasure you.” You nodded eagerly, relieved that you hadn’t ruined the moment. “I-I like your finger. I like feeling full.” You felt his smirk on your neck. “I’m going to stretch you very slowly, y/n. I won’t take your ass today, but I’ll help you get more comfortable, alright?” You nodded, wiggling your hips again in impatience. “I trust you, sir.” “Good,” he moaned, giving your jaw a small nip. “I’m adding a finger.” You felt another gush of lube as a finger slowly, very slowly pushed into your ass, stretching your tight little opening. You moaned. “Oh, such a good girl,” he breathed gently in your ear as he pushed himself down to the knuckle. “Can’t wait to fill this ass up with my hot cum. Gonna plug you, make you feel it all fucking day. Mmmmm.” Slowly, he began pumping his fingers, adding more lube as he began scissoring you. You gasped, pushing back slightly. “That-that feels so good, sir.” “Yes, precious, it’s meant to.” He chuckled above you. “You have so many nerve endings here. So much opportunity for pleasure.” He kissed your cheek. “You’re doing so well for me, my gorgeous girl.” You were panting, your skin on fire. You felt everything he was doing. Felt his fingers slowly stretching your sphincter in a way that sent shivers up your spine. “Oh, General,” you moaned. “I’m going to give you a butt-plug, y/n. Just a small one for now. Just so you can get used to the feeling of something being in there.” His fingers left you gaping. Lube flooded your newly re-opened hole before you felt the splenching sound of something else being lubed up. You turned your head. The plug was small, about two of the General’s fingers wide, almost three where it flared at the base. And it was bright red, shiny from the lube. “Breathe, y/n.” The General reminded you. His face was impassive, but his eyes were gentle as he looked at you. “I’m going to keep this in you until we’re done for the day, understand. That includes dinner.” You nodded, before facing away, keeping your breath steady. Felt the chill of the plug press against you, slowly entering you. It wasn’t difficult, until it came to the base. You had to bite your lip, breathing out as it breached you. “Perhaps I should have tried three fingers first,” the General mused as he placed the plug firmly inside you. “But since you’ve had an unpleasant experience, I think it’s best we go much more slowly than I originally planned.” You made little whimpering noises as he moved the plug this way and that, testing your limits. “I appreciate that, sir. I-I’m not sure how you’re going to fit. You’re so big . . .” He bent over you, laying gentle kisses on your face, neck, and shoulders. “There’s nothing to appreciate. It’s only common curtesy, l/n. No one should be forced to go at a faster pace than they are comfortable with. And I’ll fit, precious. Don’t worry about that.” You heard him chuckle darkly. The man did love hearing you praise his size. You moaned as you felt the tip of his cock touch your soaking wet cunt. When had he taken himself out? “Now, I’m going to take you over my desk. And I’m going to make you come over and over with that little plug inside you until you’re a wet, sobbing mess of pleasure. Understand, l/n?” “Yes, sir,” you moaned. “Green. Please, please make me come with your fat cock.” He growled, rubbing himself against your wet heat. “As you wish, precious.” Before you could take a breath, he pushed in, sliding home in one moment of intense bliss. Stars! You felt so full. “So fucking tight, y/n.” He bent at his waist again, his pelvis pushing against the plug in your ass and making you moan. “You’re such a good little whore for me.” Notes: General Hux totally steals your panties every time you have sex. :P Just love the idea of him admiring them once he finally retires to his own quarters, ya know? Mmmmm, deviant little General. Also, hell yeah to me finally making some progress with getting chapters done! A couple more, and I think it'll be time for the moment we're all waiting for! Things are totally going to go JUST as planned. . . This got a little personal for me, since I had a partner that just didn't respect my pacing or boundaries when it came to butt stuff. I tried not making it too much of a focal point in this chapter, but damn son. Feelings can suck a dick today. Thank the Force the General is taking care of our dear Reader. Notes: Ok, so I don't think the first chapter counts as actual smut, since it's just a dream. But fear ye not! General Hux will be confronting our dear reader about her rather inappropriate message. Comment if you like it! I really don't know where I'm going with this, so any amount of encouragement is a big help :D