The best thing about tonight is that were not fighting. Could it be that we have been this way before? I know you dont think that i am trying I know that your wearing thin down to the core. You two were at it again. Yelling and screaming at the top of your lungs. You hated doing this.. this isn't what you signed up for when you accepted his hand in marriage. You were expecting unconditional love and understanding not incessant fighting and yelling matches. Tears that you were fighting to keep down surfaced in your eyes, your voice grew softer. "Leo I cant do this anymore... I love you so much but I just cant do this any longer..." you said softly. Leon looked at you, anger in his eyes. "FINE! JUST THROW ALL YOUR PROBLEMS OUT! JUST THROW ME TO THE SIDE AND TRY NOT TO FIX ANYTHING! GET OUT AND NEVER COME BACK!" He yelled. "Goodbye Leon." you said, taking off your ring that signified your marriage and what was supposed to be a lifetime of everlasting love and happiness. You walked out leaving a dumbfounded Leo standing staring at the door as you walked away and got into your car and drove away. This is not what I intended I always swore to you I would never fall apart You always thought that I was stronger I may have failed you but I have loved you from the start. You went to the first place you could think of... Your sisters. Originally you went to Camilla but she could hear the distress in your voice so she called all of your sisters over. Hinoka, Sakura and Elise. You cried and cried, your eyes were puffy and red. They all said words of comfort that did little to soothe your aching heart. Eventually you fell asleep, Camilla carried you to a guest bedroom and tucked you in. A small smile rose onto the purple haired female. She hated seeing you like this and all of this because of her idiot little brother. She always thought that you two would be able to take anything the world threw at you... The world has odd ways of working. She kissed the top of your head and turned off the light and left the room she had to deal with her little brother. Leo was looking for you desperately. He said somethings that he shouldn't have. HE was the one that didn't try to fix anything not her. HE was the one trying to push all of his problems onto someone else, not her. SHE always faced a problem head on not stopping for one minute till SHE fixed the problem. What had he done? His phone was ringing and he wanted to throw it at the wall but he saw that it was Camilla. He picked up the phone hoping that she had some insight as to the whereabouts of his lovely wife.. "What were you thinking" Camilla hissed. "That is the thing I wasn't... I said some things I should not have said." He said. "Wow you weren't thinking that's a first." she said sarcastically. "Please Camilla! I want to make it up to her..." he said. "Alright but I swear if this happens again I will kill you." "Understood.." But hold your breath Because tonight will be the night that i will fall for you over again dont make me change my mind or i wont live to see another day i swear its true because a girl like you is impossible to find Leo was going over what he planned on saying to you over and over again in his head, he hoped to god that you would forgive him. He held a bouquet of your favorite flowers, he walked up to Camilla's house and knocked on the door. He was met with your face... your beautiful face that he didn't realize he missed as much as he did. "Oh... Hello Leo..." you said, despite your words not being hurtful the still cut through him. "Hello (y/n)... Would you care to accompany me this fine evening?" he asked. "I...I guess.." you said hesitantly. "Great" he said, offering the bouquet to you you took it and he led you to his car. Opening the passengers door for you and closing it once you were in the car and then got in the drivers seat. He drove and drove until he reached the place he wanted to be at. He opened up the car door for you and lead you to a blanket that he had set up. You both lie on the blanket looking up at the stars. they seemed so much brighter out by the country side. "(y/n)?" "hm?" you replied your eyes went from looking at the stars to looking at him. He could see the refection of the stars in your eyes and it took his breath away. He let out a sigh. "I am so sorry for the way I was treating you. I never meant for any of that to happen. I've just been so stressed dealing with all of the financial things for the company since Xander recently took over and all of those debts that father had... and...and I took that out on you and I'm so sorry for that. I would love it if you forgave me... I know that this may be a stretch but please I need you by my side would you come back to me?" he said taking your wedding ring out and offering it to you. You smiled. "Leo it's ok. I know that you have had all that stress and all of that and I'm just as at fault for this as you are. I could have not yelled back but I did... And I regret doing so." You said, taking the ring and placing it back upon your ring finger. He looked at you in awe. "How did I get so lucky?" he whispered. You giggled and kissed his nose. "I am pretty great aren't I?" You said teasingly. He smiled and kissed you. A girl like you is impossible to find your impossible to find. Chapter 2 : A typical day in the grump office (no paring) Summary: Jfc why did I write this... You were recently hired as another editor for the Game Grumps to help with the ever growing load of editing. You were currently editing an episode of another fucking horrible Sonic game when Arin bounded towards you. You looked at him as he pranced about the space. He just started fucking singing. “Im a fucking rocket ship. I got a shield in front of me. Oh yeah I'm a rocket ship.” You looked at Barry very confused as to why your boss was prancing about in the way he was. You were used to his strange ramblings and other things since before this you were friends. “I'm a fucking rocket ship. Flying through the sky at the speed of light. Oh yeah I'm a rocket ship” Arin started running around with like one arm extend and the other with balled up into a fist. Meanwhile the others just carried on with their day. You just shrugged and started working again. Arin continues to run about the room doing the superman thing singing about him being a rocket ship. “If you don't believe in yourself your a fucking coward.” Dan just fucking bursts through the door with that same pose as Kusco from the Emperor’s New groove when he says boom baby. You rolled your eyes and put your headphones on. Somethings just needed to be ignored. After all of that nonsense they just went back into the grump room to record. Extended Ending: You were siting at your desk about a week later. Editing another one of those horrible sonic games. “Welcome back lovelies!” “So me and Dan did the stupidest shit. That rocket ship song from that Kirby episode, we just ran around the grump space singing it… we confused the hell out of our new editor.” The puzzle pieces fell into place, you just started laughing. Oh boy do you love your friends. Chapter 3 : Evil eye- Dipper X reader Summary: Heavily inspired by Panic!'s song called La Devotee You got two black eyes from loving too hard And a black car that matches your blackest soul I wouldn't change ya, oh oh Wouldn't ever try to make you leave, no The neon coast was your sign And the Midwest wind with Pisces rising Wouldn't change ya, oh oh Wouldn't ever try to make you leave, no You dreamt of leaving this sleepy little town. You wanted more from life than just waiting for the twins to come back and whisk you and your other friends into a summer full of adventure and fun. No you had your eyes set on the more glamorous life. Living it up in a mansion and living the highlife of course your friends were still within this dream because you loved them dearly but you wanted to stretch your wings and fly. Looking around the lush green forests that surrounded Gravity Falls Oregon. You worked hard at what you do, you are a singer and a pretty damn good one at that according to your friends. You were in a cover band that often played small time gigs at places. But you dreamed of the days where you would take the stage at Madison square or maybe the staples center. You let out a sigh, drawing attention from Dipper who is staying for the year with Ford to do some research. “You alright (y/n)?” He asked. “I'm fine Dip.” you assured the now young adult. He nodded turning back to tinkering on a device. You look at your longtime friend, you had met during the second summer he and Mabel had spent here and you instantly hit it off. Everything turned grey, you looked around confused. “Hey there I couldn't help but notice that you looked miserable! What if I said I could help!” A voice rang out. You look for the voice and notice a floating Dorito. “Um… what do you mean?” You asked. “Well you see kid. The name is Bill Cypher!” “Bill?!? Dipper warned me about you!” “Ugh Pine tree always has to stick his nose in my business… anyways what if I told you I could give you what you always wanted? Fame, Fans, Money. You name it you got it.” He said smoothly. “What do you want?” “Oh nothing… Just trying to be... helpful…” he drawled. You looked down… Were you really going to accept this? “What do you say? All you got to do is shake my hand and everything you have ever wanted will be yours.” He said offering his hand out to you. You bit your lip, taking his hand and shaking it firmly. “I knew you were a good choice! Alright kid you got it.” He said, disappearing from sight and everything was a vibrant color again but everything faded. You closed your eyes and then opened them again. You were no longer sitting next to Dipper watching him tinker, no you were in an unfamiliar place. The black magic of Mulholland Drive Swimming pools under desert skies Drinking white wine in the blushing light Just another LA Devotee Sunsets on the evil eye Invisible to the Hollywood shrine Always on the hunt for a little more time Just another LA Devotee Just another, just another, uh oh Just another, just another, uh oh Just another, just another, uh oh Just another LA Devotee Wait you knew exactly where you were. You were in your dream house, you looked around excitedly it was amazing! You walked past a mirror and looked at yourself, you frowned. You wore an outfit that was way to revealing for your tastes… You looked at your phone and saw no familiar name. They were all filled with strangers that you have never even heard of before. Confused, you looked at one of the names… one of them was called ‘bae’ oh dear lord why?!? You hated that but you didn't know their name so you didn't change it. A person walked into your house. “Miss (l/n). You have a concert tonight. Oh good you're dressed.” The person said. “Um… who are you?” The person looked at you in disgust. “Are you on those drugs again?” “What?!? No! I don't do drugs!” The person scoffed. “Sure and I'm the queen of England… I'm your manager…” “Oh…” “Anyways are you ready to go?” You nodded. “Great let's go.” They said ushering you out. You got bleached out eyes from the valley sand And the black tar palms keep weeping your name I couldn't change ya, oh oh Couldn't ever try to make you see, no The high rise lights read your rights And a downtown storm with Aries rising Couldn't change ya, oh oh Couldn't ever try to make you see, no Dipper felt a shiver run down his spine. He felt like he was missing something but he couldn't figure out what it was. He got up and looked around he felt like he was being watched. He decided to go back to the mystery shack. Grabbing what he was tinkering on he notices something. It was a jacket… it looked so familiar he's seen it somewhere… he picked it up. Heading back, he got a call from Mabel. “How you doing dip!” His sister chirped. He chuckles “I'm doing good sis. How are you?” “I'm super excited! My boyfriend got me tickets to go see (y/n) in concert! I'm so excited!” She squealed. His brow furrowed that name sounded familiar… His heart involuntarily started beating faster at the mention of that name. “That's awesome!” “I know right! What are you doing? Probably some nerdy stuff that I will not understand.” “Yeah I'm working on something for Ford.” “Nice!” They talk for a little while before Mabel has to go. He was going to get to the bottom of who (y/n) was and why just the name brought a blush to his face. Everything faded into grey. “Hey there pine tree” a voice said. He would know that voice anywhere. “Bill!” He hissed “Awe! You remember little ole me!” He said, his gloved hands resting on his cheeks. “I thought you were dead!” “Oh Innocent naive dipper. Did you really think you could kill me?” He said. “Oh no… I'm back and determined to ruin your life… which is why I got rid of your little girlfriend (y/n) first… she's living it up in LA just like she always wanted! But of course you don't remember her because you never met her! And never will again! After all today is the day she will die… a tragic death at the hands of a crazed fan named Mabel Pines… a fitting death after all she did ditch both of you to live her dream…” he said. Dippers heart clenched. “No!” Dipper shouted. “Oh and what are you going to do to stop me pine tree?” He taunted. “I won't let you hurt them!” “A deal is a deal… after all (y/n) did shake my hand…” “Bill I swear to god… don't you dare hurt either of them or I will hunt you down and kill you…” Dipper said lowly. “Oh I'm so scared! If you want to save them then let's make a deal…” “No” Dipper was already creating a plan to save you. The black magic of Mulholland Drive Swimming pools under desert skies Drinking white wine in the blushing light Just another LA Devotee Sunsets on the evil eye Invisible to the Hollywood shrine Always on the hunt for a little more time After your concert you broke down crying you didn't know why you just felt empty and incomplete… You regretted shaking that stupid triangles hand… you wanted your old life about this isn't want you were wanting… A figure stood in front of you. You looked up, it was Mabel… “Ma-mable!” You noticed the gun in her hand. You looked at her with wide eyes. “I-I can't put it down. I don't want to do this.” She said. Her finger on the trigger. Just then someone busted down the door and tackled her to the ground. She fired the gun but the bullet lodged itself in the ground. The person who came in looked at you, you let out a breathless gasp. “Dipper.” You looked at them and started crying, you couldn't handle it. “(Y/n)... it's ok…” he said softly. “No it's not it's not ok! I shouldn't have done it.” You shouted. Tears pouring down your face. Everything went grey again. Dipper pulled you close to him and pushed Mabel behind him. “YOU RUIN EVERTHING PINE TREE!” The triangle screamed. “Oh go eat a dick Bill!” Mabel said. “This isn't over… Ill revert everything but I will be back…” the triangle said. And just like that you and dipper were back in gravity falls. He looked at you and you looked at him. You buried your face in his neck and he just rubbed your back. You were glad to be home... Chapter 4 : Promise?- Poe x Reader Summary: Jfc I am Poe trash... You had just heard the news... Your home had been destroyed by the first order. You closed your eyes tightly and looked down, you quietly excused yourself and walked away from your fellow resistance members. Once you knew you were out of sight you ran. You went someplace no one would see you crying. You curled up into a ball and started sobbing, this was all some bad dream it had to be... you would wake up and everything would be ok. Meanwhile a certain pilot saw you running and him being the person he was he was very concerned. So against his better judgment he followed you, and he was glad he did. He frowned, seeing the strong person that took care of others before they dared think of themselves reduced to sobs and trembling in a corner... It broke his heart, he walked over to you and sat next to you. You looked at him, quickly wiping you eyes. "P-Poe..." you say quietly. He gave you a warm sympathetic smile. He merely wrapped his arms around you and held you as cried. Eventually your sobs died down, he looked down to see your sleeping face. He picked you up and put you in your bed. You woke up slightly as he was about to leave. "Poe... don't leave..." you whispered, you were scared. He turns to look at you, he shrugs his jacket off and pulls a chair next to your bed. You looked at him confused. He chuckled and winked at you. "We haven't had our first date. I don't get into bed with just anyone you know." You held back a snort. "Shut up Dameron." You said hitting his shoulder playfully. Feeling slightly better. "Go back to sleep (y/n). I'll be here when you wake up." "Promise?" "Promise."