Prologue Notes: Oh, if Finn reads as vaguely villainised in this part trust me he’s not staying that way. I’m trying to get across that he’s running scared and trying to put as small of a target on his back while escaping the First Order. I have the first chapter written (not edited) and so I can absolutely tell you his character quickly shifts (in what I hope is a believable way) Also if you follow me on tumblr (Goddessofroyalty) you will probably get so many extra scenes/original versions of scenes as I write scattered parts to Ren-hime before turning them into a story here. Also the ability to send me prompts / talk to me about things. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He isn’t entirely sure why he ends up there. He’d like to think it was the Force leading him to where he needed to go but he knew he wasn’t sensitive to it. Not that there was anything wrong with that. Just, he couldn’t blame it for the fact that he tells the Stormtrooper that is leading him to freedom that they need to take a detour down a hall. “What are you doing? Nobody’s allowed in there! We shouldn’t even be anywhere near here,” the Stormtooper hastily whispers to him but Poe can barely hear the words when compared to the feeling that he needs to open the door, needs something that was inside it. He honestly doesn’t expect the door to open to him. Something may be guiding him to it but it was shut and going but the panic of the Stormtooper holds something secret. One would think it would be locked away to ensure nobody could reach it. There is even a keypad that he eyes warily because there might be an alarm system on it, something that the second he tries to open it and fails will make klaxon scream and everyone in the area to run towards where they are. Still there is something telling him that he needs to open the door and despite the fact that he doesn’t entirely like or trust the Force after everything it has done he cannot completely deny that he wants to believe it s a good thing. Cannot shake his mother’s words that the Force wants to protect the life in the galaxy, that is guides those sensitive to it to do what needs to be done in order to best protect everyone else. He isn’t sure who is more surprised when the door slides open to his request - him or the Stormtooper. He isn’t sure who is more surprised by what is seen on the other side of the door – him or Ben. “Poe,” Ben says with complete disbelief that Poe feels . It is impossible. His friend had been taken years ago, spirited away in the night by some outside force that had decimated Luke Skywalker’s school in the same breath. He had vanished, untraceable, even to the eyes of the Jedi (and the contacts of a smuggler). Almost forgotten from Poe’s memory from how many years he had been missing. “What are you doing here?” the words come out of their mouths at the same time and Poe’s brain finally manages to process his sensory input of things other than the sight of Ben Solo all grown up. Manages to process the rest of the room, luxurious but sparse of personal possessions, and the smell of alpha and omega mingled. The smell of a mated pair. Poe remembers the smell of the General of the First Order, remembers it from when the alpha had come to see if he would give the information willingly before they had to get the Force User involved. Poe remembers it and wants to throw something at the idea of him being Ben’s mate. A primal part of him enraged at the idea of a man like that taking Ben in his heats. “Where leaving here, do you want to join us?” He isn’t sure what he will do if Ben says no. A part of him wants to just throw the omega over his shoulder (as if he could do that with just how much Ben has grown over the years) and take him with them unwillingly if he has to. His mother didn’t raise him to be like that though, and he wouldn’t be able to face General Organa again if he dared. “You will get killed if they catch you.” “Not if you do the whole,” Poe makes a gesture to his head to indicate the ability of Force-users to meddle with others minds. He had never really like the idea of it, but it would be a lot easier to escape if those who might stop them happened to look the other way when they passed. “I can’t. He has me drugged so I can’t access it.” At the words Poe is ready to turn around and find the General and kill him for it, screw the fact he’d likely die in the process. He had grown up around Ben and his family, he knew the Force probably as well as anyone who had no sensitivity to it could. He knew how much it was a part of them, something that they couldn’t ignore even if they had no idea what it was they had access to. The closet thing his brain could suggest to having it taken away would be for his hand to be cut off, or maybe his eyes blinded. Maybe even both. It’s more important he gets Ben back to the Resistance, gets him back to his mother. At least then he might be able to regain his connection, something that Poe doubted would happen if he stayed where he was (especially seeing the venom the General had used when he had talked of Force users to Poe). “We’ll work something out. You’re coming with us though.” “What?” the Stormtrooper demands and Ben flinches back when he realises he has been there the whole time. “He’s coming with us.” “But you heard him: we’ll get killed if we get caught.” “We’re already probably going to get killed anyway. Just, trust me; if I can get him back to the Resistance we might be able to turn the tide of this whole thing.” “I don’t care about turning the tide. I just want to get out of here.” “I get that and trust me I want to get out of here as well but he’s coming with us or else I’m not going. He’s my friend.” The Stormtrooper needs a pilot so he has little choice but to agreea and somehow the three of them make it past all of the security and into a Tie Fighter. Of course they end up getting shot at but Poe had never thought escaping was going to be easy. “Let me at the comms,” Ben says, and Poe can hear the Stormtroopers – now Finn give a shout of protest. “Trust me just, can I?” he asks Poe who moves aside. “If you think it will help us not be shot down sure.” “Thank you.” It is an awkward shift, to fit Ben close enough that he can access the comms while Poe can continue flying the Fighter trying to stop them from being hit. Awkward and all so close and Poe can smell Ben and the General on him. Can smell the fact the mingling of their scents is just as stained in Ben’s skin and clothes as it was the walls of the room he had been kept in. “Hux, I know your there.” Ben says into the comms and for a few seconds all they can is the flurry of activity on the other side. “Ben!? What are you doing? Have you completely lost your mind?” “No I haven’t. I told if you if I ever got the chance to leave then I would take it. I got the chance Hux. I’m taking it.” There is a mutter in the background and Poe thinks he can hear one of the officers asking if they should stop firing. He defiantly hears Hux’s demands that they don’t. “Hux, if you hit us I might die.” “I am more than aware of your family’s ability to survive. Even if I shoot you out of the sky someone will pick you up before you die.” “The child may not then.” Child? Ben didn’t smell pregnant and Poe is pressed close enough to him that he swears he can catch every layer to his scent. If it is a lie it does its job and the General is quickly ordering that the other Tie Fighters stop firing on them. “Ben if you know what’s good for you you’ll come back to me right now.” “Goodbye Hux,” Ben says before turning off the comms. He doesn’t move away, instead he glances at Poe and gives him a small smile, one that Poe remembers from when they were children and Ben had just gotten away with doing something he knows he wasn’t supposed to do. “Come on now. Get us out of here.” Notes: Ren-Hime did art for this chapter. It's here (and amazing): http://ren-hime.tumblr.com/post/149807121056/ben-poe-and-finn-escaping-the-fo-in-the-tie Chapter 2 : Sand Consumes All Notes: Okay this is officially the first chapter. Hopefully this isn’t the average length of chapters though (too short) but you can’t tell me the ending of this wasn’t too perfect. I had to stop it. Also if you follow me on tumblr you’ve already seen the first half. Second bit is new though so even if you do follow me on tumblr it’s still worth reading. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben cannot remember the last time he felt sunlight. It had been so long ago that he had given up trying to remember what freedom had felt like. So long without fresh air on his skin. So long since he last had something to look at other than four walls of discernibly similar rooms. He doesn’t remember it burning as much as it does. His skin feels as if it is on fire from either the scotching sun or blistering sands of the desert planet. His lungs burn from the smoke coming from the wrecked Tie-Fighter but he cannot bring himself to move away from the wreckage. Cannot seem to force himself to turn his back on the vehicle that took him away from his captivity and alpha only to abandon him on the too-hot planet where they crashed. He sees the Stormtrooper pull himself from the smouldering wreckage but cannot bring himself to acknowledge his existence. He just stares at the Tie-Fighter, sun beating down on his skin and sand burning his feet as the gravity of what he has done settles into him. He is free. The ground starts to shake and Ben nearly loses his balance from it but he braces himself, digging his feet further into the sand to stop from tumbling over, and watches as the sands swallow up the Fighter. Watches as the vessel that gave him his freedom is consumed by the desert it took them to. He wonders if he too will be consumed by the landscape, just another ghost vanished into the oasis-producing heat. Somebody grabs his arm and for a moment he thinks its Hux. There to drag him back to the room and punish him for ever believing he could leave. It’s not Hux. It is the Stormtrooper. Although, without his armour he doesn’t look much like a Stormtrooper anymore. Just a man like any other. Just Finn. The name Poe gave to him as the three of them desperately fled the First Order comes to him and it’s a comfort. A Stormtrooper might take him back to Hux. But Finn? Finn wants out just as keenly as Ben does. He won’t force him to return. “We have to move,” Finn says and he is probably right. If they stay there the desert will certainly kill them. Or worse, Hux will find them. They have to find some sort of settlement. They can figure out what they will do next after that. He adjusts the thin shawl he is wearing into something to cover his head from the sun only to find his knuckles stained red. Bloodied from the crash they stain the white fabric where they touch. He supposes it was never going to stay while on this planet. Supposes he will have to replace the flimsy material of his clothes with something more durable soon. “Are you okay?” Finn asks and Ben’s attention is drawn to him and the reminder that he cannot merely stand there forever. “I- yes,” he reaches out to touch Finn, to get a physical sensation to prove that this is not just all a dream and that he won’t just wake up with Hux kissing him on the head and telling him that next time he will be with child. Finn avoids his reach and instead Ben’s hand finds the leather of a jacket. “Where’s Poe?” Finn’s face turns sad and he looks towards the place in the sands where the Fighter went down. “I don’t think he made it out.” Of course. The desert has already claimed its first victim. They have little choice but to pick a direction and start walking. Not unless they want to wait there for their deaths of the First Order to show up and drag them both back. They soon discover just how endless a desert can be. The sand seems to go on forever and without any protection from the unrelenting sun their bodies ache from it all. Finn handles it better. Ben can see it. Anyone can see it. He has been trained to walk with the heavy armour of a Stormtrooper on, without it only the sun and dehydration can take its toll on him. Ben however hasn’t walked much further than one side of a room to another in years. His legs start to struggle to carry him within minutes of leaving the site of the crashed shuttle. He has to fight the urge to collapse and accept death with each and every step. Finn would be smarter just leaving him. He doesn’t. Instead he matches his pace to Ben’s. Apparently unconcerned of the fact that it means it will decrease his chance of finding some sort of settlement before heatstroke kicks in. They do find one. Eventually. A small set of infrastructure more akin to a trading station then a settlement with ships and transport-vessels parked around it and species of every kind walking around. It is the first time in years that Ben sees a species that is not human. He bites back fear at the realisation that here, humans are minority. He knows he will have to get used to dealing with non-humans. He remembers from his childhood that the galaxy is filled with them. He will not let that be the thing that prevents him from escaping. He has not endured the desert just to go running back because of the fact the beings he meets aren’t humans. Finn pushes his way through the crowd in a desperate attempt to find water to relieve his parched throat. Ben wants to follow the lead. He feels like he will die unless he gets water. He feels like he will die if he takes another step. His legs finally give in and he finds himself collapsed on the sands of the planet. He feels them begin to roast his skin. He doesn’t want to die. Doesn’t want to give Hux the satisfaction of being right in saying he would never last outside the room. On the other hand, if he must perish, at least he is free. At least he proved to Hux that yes, he would take the chance to escape when offered. His vision clouds and then fades. “Ben. Hey Ben. Come on you got to wake up.” It must be Hux. Come to wake him up from a nap because he has returned from ruling over the ship and wants to spend his free time with his omega . His body feels as if it is post-heat: exhausted and thirsty, but is sure his heat was at least three weeks ago. All he remembers is the dream he had – that Poe came and had helped him escape. That they had crashed into a hot desert planet and he and a Stormtrooper named Finn had been all who survived. He hates dreams like that. Hates how his mind seems to want to taunt him with the idea that he could ever be free of the room and Hux and the never ending attempts to get his broken body to conceive a child. “Water,” he rasps and hopes Hux is in a kind enough mood to get it for him. “What? Water? Oh, right, here.” The voice is that of a woman’s and Ben wants to puzzle out why Hux has let another into the room. Maybe all the attempts had been successful. Maybe a child has taken in his body and she is here to ensure it stays there. He can worry about that later though, once he has regained the fluid he has apparently lost in sleep. The water feels hot to his tongue but it is still water and he drinks it down greedily, apparently more thirsty then he originally thought. It tastes different too, like it is less pure then the water normally given to him. He swears there are bits of grit within it that scratch at his parched throat as he swallows it down. He wonders why Hux is allowing him to drink something that is less then perfectly pure. Then he realises that if he is right and a child has taken it probably has something in it to help his body to not reject them. It is only after he has drained the container that he opens his eyes. At first all he sees is sand and maybe he hadn’t been dreaming. Maybe it had all been real and he is no longer on a First Order ship within his room with only Hux’s company to look forward to. Maybe the scorching sun and burning sand were real. Maybe he did breathe in the fumes from the crash of the Tie-Fighter before walking across a desert with a Stormtrooper just as desperate to escape as he was. He looks up at the person who offered him the drink and no. No it was defiantly all a dream and he is still dreaming. Or maybe the heat has fried his brain and made him delusional. She is dead. Hux told him so. Told him that he was now the last of the bloodline and that was why it was so important for another to be created. There is no way that she can be in front of him, her face aged but features still the same. Maybe she is a monster of the desert. A false hope that takes that shape of someone you have lost from your memories in order to lure you to your death within the sands. He realises he has taken water from her. That he has drunk water given by her. He realises he might have already trapped himself in her powers. He drops the bottle that held the water and pushes himself back away from her. Trying to scramble as far away as possible only to discover that he has backed himself into someone else. Another monster? He has no choice but to try and fight so he can flee. “Hey, it’s just me.” His hands are caught by the person behind him and he watches as the blood from his knuckles smears onto dark skin. It’s Finn. Just Finn. Not some second monster come to drag him into the unending desert and his death. “I’m sorry, he’s a little skittish.” It takes Ben a second to realise that Finn is talking to the apparition. “You can see her too?” “Yes? Why? Shouldn’t I be able to?” Finn asks and no he shouldn’t. If she was a heat induced delusion of Ben’s mind Finn should not be able to see her as well. It can’t be her then. It must be just another person who looks like her. The galaxy is large enough. There must be multiple people that share the same base features. It has to be someone else. There is no way she could have survived the massacre. No way she could have found herself all the way to this desert planet. Hux is right and she died while still only a child. She cannot be the person kneeling in front of him. There is no possible way for Rey Skywalker to be alive. Notes: More amazing art by Ren-hime for this chapter: http://ren-hime.tumblr.com/post/149848491716/hux-and-ben-finn-poe-rey-bb-8-escape-and http://ren-hime.tumblr.com/post/149798691771/ben-organa-alternative-universe-character-sheet http://ren-hime.tumblr.com/post/150918755151/ben-finn-and-rey-goddessofroyalty-posted-a-new Chapter 3 : Brief Hux Interlude Notes: Didn’t want to put an interlude this close to the start of the fic but I’ve started the next chapter and this needs to go before it. Hopefully there ends up bigger gaps between them? Also yes, there will be more interludes to come (for various characters). Hux hates this planet. The black of his clothing soaks the sun’s rays in greedily. He can feel the sweat pooling on his forehead as he stares at the sands of the planet. They had landed mere metres away from where the last co-ordinates of the Tie-Fighter had singled from before everything went quiet. By all logic the Tie-Fighter should be there with, at the very least, an apologetic omega who had learnt how hard the galaxy could be and was wanting to return to his alphas protection. There is only sand. Hux can feel the heat of the sand even through the thick souls of his shoes. Can feel it reflecting the sun’s heat. On bare feet it must be unbearable. The omega is more of a fool then he thought. He has to find him. This planet is no place for such a delicate creature. It will scorch his skin and dry out his body. Will leave nothing but a shrivelled corpse as evidence of his existence. (Or perhaps worse: he will thrive) Hux has to find him before that happens. “I don’t mean to intrude Sir but you requested my presence?” Hux turns from the burning sands to the Officer standing prone despite the sweat gathered on his brow as well. “You have squadrons stationed on this planet?” “Yes sir. We are following up a lead as to the location of the droid as we speak.” “Forget the droid for now.” Finding Luke Skywalker can wait a couple days if it means Hux does not have to inform the Supreme Leader that he let his gifted omega escape and perish in the sands of this horrible planet. “You are not to find an omega in white as your top priority.” He doubts anything white could last on a planet like this, especially not an omega clad in it. The Officer looks as if he is about to protest but his comm goes off and he excuses himself to answer it. Which is probably in his best interest if he wishes to keep his position. Hux has already had to suffer one set of insubordination in the day and he lost his omega in it. He has little patience for a second batch. The Officer returns from where he wondered off to answer the comm looking entirely too pleased with himself. “Sir my men have found the droid.” “Then capture him and find the omega.” Hux couldn’t care less about the status of the droid while his omega was still lost in the sands somewhere. “You didn’t let me finish Sir. The droid isn’t alone. It is in the custody of an omega in white and two others.” Hux pauses at that. It makes sense. Dameron and FN-2187 would be the omegas safest bet at surviving and also escaping. Dameron would want to droid and the map it carries back within his possession, and the omega would have little choice but to follow if he wanted to stay within their protection. At least Hux didn’t have to worry about him dying. Still the two alphas would pay for believing they could take Hux’s omega from him. “Retrieve the droid and the omega. Kill the other two.” He didn’t need Poe Dameron anymore, the droid had the map anyway. As for FN-2187? No amount of promise would save him from facing the punishment for treason. At least it looked like it would be a neat solution of all the day’s problems. Hux would take the droid to the Supreme Leader and remind his omega exactly who he belonged to. He would be sure to destroy the planet at the end of it all as well. He didn’t want to ever look at it nor be reminded of all the problems it caused ever again. Chapter 4 : Your Own Two Legs Notes: Full title is: “If all you’ve got is your own two legs just be glad you’ve got them”. It’s from Hadestown (musical – go look it up). It was too long. It got shortened to actually be a title. Another short one and TBH the next one probably will be as well. I’m hoping the one after that will be longer though. Just these first three sort of have very clear points to get them up to and when you hit them you just got to end it there. Also to everyone who wanted him to realise it was Rey in this chapter: yeah, sorry, that’s not happening for a little while yet. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There is a droid yelling about danger and when he looks over at the source an orange-and-white sphere comes racing towards them until it runs into him, the whole while going off about how they need to get out of there now . “Oh no,” Finn says and Ben feels himself being tugged up to his feet. “What do you mean ‘oh no’?” “We have to go. Now.” Finn gives him a shove, an indicator that he needs to start running and he finally sees the reason why. Stormtroopers. Two of them. One pointing at them and the other talking on their comm. Finn is right in his assessment of the situation. The First Order has found them. Hux has found them. He knows they probably have very little time to get away. Very little time until the full brunt of Hux’s power arrives to drag him back to the First Order and the room and the repetitive cycle of failed conceptions. His legs and feet burn but he finds the energy to make them keep moving. He isn’t going to just let himself be dragged back that easily. Not while he still has even a sliver chance to get away remaining. He hears a woman’s voice saying something in protest but he doesn’t have time to think on it. Not when there is a hand on his back shoving him forward and his feet following the only instruction they have which is to run despite the burning sands they are being driven into as he does so. He recognises nothing of where he is running, the whole settlement new to him. He doesn’t know how long he was unconscious for but he hopes Finn has gotten some idea of the layout of the area. He hopes Finn knows where they are going as he follows the shoves and pulls directing him where to go. The Stormtroopers are firing at them. They shouldn’t be firing at them. Not unless Hux has already cast him aside and sentenced him to death for leaving. He thought he had brought himself safety with the lie about a child. Hux surely wouldn’t risk the punishment that would come down upon him if it was found that he intentionally threatened the life of a potential alpha force-user Ben could be carrying. He had apparently been wrong. “Where are you going – this way!” The woman’s voice says and Ben is tugged sharply into a new direction. They weave through the tents of the place. The droid – BB-8, the two of them keep calling out to BB-8 – racing right next to them. Ben manages to keep up with them, ignoring the burn in his legs and lungs from the exercise so foreign to his body. They eventually stop in one of the tents and he desperately tries to pull oxygen into his lungs. “Blasters. Where do they keep the blasters around here?” Finn asks and Ben watches as he desperately searches for a weapon. He is jealous of the energy Finn has. He used to be like that, able to keep moving despite the amount of exertion his body has gone through. That was 15 years ago though. Now his body ached from just escaping the First Order’s ship. He isn’t sure what keeps pushing him forward despite his body’s want to just collapse. He hopes whatever it is lasts until they get out of this. Hopes it last so he can get out of this without being dragged back to the First Order and Hux. “They’re shooting at me as well,” the woman-who-is-not-Rey says and Ben is almost scared she will collapse. “Yeah, they saw you with us. You’re marked,” Finn says and Ben is sorry that they did. He knows this cannot be Rey Skywalker but he cannot help the urge to protect her that is a response to the all-too-familiar features. He doesn’t want to be the reason for her death two times over. “Thanks for that.” “I’m not the one who chased you down with a stick,” Finn replies and Ben cannot help but laugh at the mental image of it. His heart aches at it as well – it is exactly something he could imagine Rey doing. Finn goes back to trying to find a blaster and not-Rey checks on BB-8 (and yes, that is the droids name). They leave Ben to catch his breath. They leave him and so he is the first to hear it. Finn stops his search and listens a few seconds after, and of course knows what that sound is as well. He also must know what it means. The sound of Tie-Fighters closing in on their target fills the air. Hux has called in an air-strike. The small window of time in which to grasp freedom has closed. Ben’s legs threaten to collapse under him. His feet feel desperate to get off the hot sands they are half-buried into. There is a determined look on Finn’s face and he grabs Ben’s hand as well as the one belonging to the woman, tugging them both from the tent. They run but Ben knows the Fighters are faster. Knows that they are already too close on their tail. When he hears them open fire he hopes their aim is true and it is quick. He holds onto the fact that he managed to escape, if only temporarily. That he managed to live up to his promise to Hux all those years ago that he would find a way out . That he managed to show that no matter their designation his family was not one of caged animals. A shot lands, hitting the sand just behind them and the four of them are sent flying. They aren’t aiming to kill them. Ben realises as his ears ring and skin burns from the explosion that had been so close. They are trying to disorientate him enough that the Stormtroopers on the ground can grab him before he can put up much of a fight. It is that knowledge that makes him force himself to his knees despite his body’s protests. There is no way he isn’t going to put up a fight. Not after everything. If Hux wants him back then he is going to make sure that he has to work hard for it. He clears his head enough to see the women-who-isn’t-Rey leaning over Finn and oh no. They might not have been trying to land a hit on Ben but Finn they would. Hux would probably happily order Finn to be shot down. He manages to get his legs to push him up and off the ground and he closes the distance between him and them just as not-Rey holds her hand out to Finn and he grabs it. He isn’t dead and Ben thanks for the Force for that despite his knowledge that he cannot actually communicate his gratitude to it. The-woman-who-isn’t-Rey gives him a relieved smile when she notices he has joined them. “Follow me,” she says before taking off and they have little choice but to follow her. Ben hopes she knows what she is doing because she is the only hope they have left of not being recaptured by the First Order. Even then he knows it is a slim hope. She leads them further away from the settlement and Ben feels much too out in the open. He can here the Tie-Fighters in the background and knows they will have a clean shot at them, either to incapacitate or kill. He isn’t sure he will be able to last another blast. Isn’t sure he has the energy left in his body to drag himself up an out of the burning sands another time should he be sent crashing into them. He hopes the woman has a plan. “We can’t outrun them!” Finn yells as they keep running despite that fact. “We might in a quad-jumper.” “We need a pilot.” In another life Ben could be that pilot. Between his father and uncle he had certainly been taught how to fly a variety of ships. Had been taught it from a very young age. He hadn’t flown anything in 15 years though and he doubted his ability to just jump into any and know what he was doing. “We’ve got one.” Of course Rey Skywalker is a pilot. She is probably an excellent one as well. But this isn’t Rey Skywalker. This cannot be Rey Skywalker because Rey Skywalker is dead. This is just a woman who bares her face and her kindness and her confidence. He hopes she has the skill to back it up. He needs her to have the skill to back it up. He hopes it is another trait of his cousin that has inexplicably ended up also on the woman who bears her face. He hopes he isn’t putting faith in the flesh-and-blood being before him because of a ghost. He hopes that the trust he feels that she is a pilot, and one good enough to get them out of here. He hopes it isn’t just his own hopes blinding and consuming him. He misses what Finn says in response to her, too lost in his own thoughts. All he hears is her reply. “No, that one’s garbage.” They keep running but apparently the Tie-Fighters know where they are going and swiftly move to stop their escape. The ship goes up in a blaze of fire and smoke and for a moment Ben thinks it is all over. How else are they supposed to escape if not on that ship? They cannot possibly outrun the Tie-Fighters and if he is honest with himself his body is ready to collapse any second now. It is over and he has failed and he will have to endure whatever punishment Hux thinks up for his attempt at freedom. In the time he spends contemplating how best to try and curb Hux’s temper when he arrives the-woman-who-isn’t-Rey apparently revaluates their position. “The garbage will do.” She turns and runs and they all have no choice but to follow her. Not unless they want to stay there and wait for Hux to arrive. Ben doesn’t want that and he is sure neither does Finn. They just have to both hope that this woman knows what she’s doing. He recognises the ship she is leading them too and finds hope rising in him. He knows that ship. Would recognise it anywhere. He doesn’t know how it ended up on the sand-bowl of a planet and for the moment he doesn’t care. He doesn’t care about anything but the fact that he is heading towards that ship. He knows if he can make it, if they can make it, onto the ship they will be able to escape. He knows it is irrational and childish and foolish to believe it as fact but he knows it. If he still had any connection to it he’d say it was the Force telling him, but in his current broken state he just has to hope intuition and nostalgia will not lead him wrong. There is one fact he had know to be the truth before he was taken by Hux and the First Order: so long as he was aboard his father’s ship he would be safe. So long as he was aboard the Millennium Falcon everything would turn out alright in the end. Notes: More amazing art: http://tanukii-chan.tumblr.com/post/153141728336/people-ask-what-i-am-working-on-its-a-wip-ben http://tanukii-chan.tumblr.com/post/153380255556/star-wars-au-ben-organa-from-toiw-by Chapter 5 : The Gods Call You Home Notes: Couple of little pacing changes from the movie for this chapter – some things are slightly shuffled in order to better fit with what I needed it to do compared to what the movie needed it to do. Also some things to skipped/changed and other bits got added. Nothing major but like if you have the movie off-by-heart you’ll notice. Oh and this is much closer to the length I want the chapters of this thing to be (maybe even a little long – but I’d rather little long than little short). (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They reach the ship. They reach the Millennium Falcon and as they climb inside it Ben is sure they have reached safety. The other two run off in opposite directs – Finn to the gunner and not-Rey the cockpit. Ben just stands there taking it all in. Taking his father’s ship in. It’s covered in dust, a dust that shows it has been out of use for many years. It is knocked up from their quick footsteps and fills his lungs and eyes while staining his clothing just that bit more, covering the last of the white left in them. It makes his choke and cough and his eyes water up but then again, that just might be from relief. He hears the familiar roar of the engines and shuts his eyes if only to image for one second that he is a child again and the ship still his home. That it is still filled with the scent of family instead of stale dust. The ship takes off and while his father had never been the smoothest flyer the women who isn’t Rey is somehow worse. He finds himself stumbling and gripping onto the walls for balance. Finds his fingers returning to familiar groves within the frame of the ship to stop himself from landing on the ground. It reopens the cuts in his hand. Tears at his raw skin. He watches the dried and fresh blood smear onto the walls of his father’s ship, marking it with his presence once more. The ship steadies and he manages to take another step. Manages to not have to grip the walls so tightly and instead run his hands along them, watching as the dust gets swept away and instead is replaced with bloody lines created by fingers. The grates of the floor cut into his feet as he takes each step. The sand from the planet made the skin raw and sensitive and so easy for the cold metal to tear into. He watches the blood smear along the floor just as it does with the walls. He will probably have to find something to clean the cuts with soon lest an infection seep into them. His father never kept a clean ship and after many years of inhabitation there is likely something nasty living in the rough edges of the place just waiting for a host to wreak havoc on. The women who cannot be Rey and Finn are yelling at each other through the ship but Ben pays it no mind, too lost in the ship and his memories. He wonders what happened. The last time he saw his father the Falcon was still in his possession. He remembers it clearly now. Remembers watching Rey run through the ship in the way he had done when he was her age. Remembers Luke yelling at Han to watch their daughter before returning his attention to Ben and their shared meditation. Remembers Leia telling Rey to come to her because Han couldn’t be trusted while his focus was on repairing something on his ‘ baby ’. Remembers Chewie’s delighted call when Rey found him instead. He remembers sinking into meditation in the middle of the ship. Remembers feeling them all through the Force. Remembers being connected to the Force. He wonders how and when Han Solo lost the Millennium Falcon. How and when his father lost connection to something that to Ben’s mind was an extension of him. He cannot help but think it is somehow his fault. Somehow tired up with what happened to him. A single night decimating the entirely of his family, destroying all the things that marked them as who they were. He finds himself gasping for breath. Not from the dust that clogs up his throat and lungs but the tears that stream down his face. The ship lurches and he only just manages to catch himself on the walls before falling over. It readjusts yet he finds himself continuing to cling to its walls. He doesn’t need their support anymore but at the same time needs it more than he had when the ship was in motion. He finds himself clinging and sobbing because he’s home but at the same time he isn’t home at all. Just on an empty ship filled with memories and none of the people who belong in it. The ships makes another lurch and this time it’s from being hit rather than any of not-Rey’s piloting (and she pilots like Rey Skywalker would, all reckless abandonment mixed with comfortable confidence that the ship can do as she needs it to). He realises the shields haven’t been put up yet. Realises he had gotten caught up in his horrible nostalgia that he left the woman who isn’t Rey alone to pilot a ship always meant for two. He manages to pull himself together enough to make his way through the ship and into the cockpit. He sees the woman who shares so much with his cousin desperately trying to lean over to the switch while still maintaining control of the Falcon. He flips it for her and she focuses on him. “Are you okay?” she asks and he knows he must look a mess. An omega red and puffy and stained with tears wearing a tattered dirty outfit soiled from both his own blood as well as the sand and dirt and dust of the planet and Falcon. “Yes. I am now.” It’s as close to the truth as he can give without explaining it all. Without explaining how much seeing her piloting this ship both brings him joy and sorrow. She gives him a nod before returning to piloting the ship just as Finn yells out that they need cover. “We’re about to get some soon,” she calls back, and he watches her struggle with figuring out which controls do what. He knows at one point in his life he had known what they had all done. Had spent his childhood on his father’s and uncles’ laps having each and every one explained. Had spent his early teen years flying the thing under their careful gaze. He knows that was a long time ago and while he remembers what most of them are roughly he is sure he would be just as unsteady as the woman is despite the fact she has never flown it before. The ship lurches as she pilots it and Ben ends up sitting in the co-pilot seat if only to stop himself from ending up sprawled on the floor from the constant shifts to his balance. The seat doesn’t smell like it used to. Doesn’t smell of Han and Luke and Leia and Chewie. Instead it smells as stale as the rest of the ship does. Smells of the dust knocked up when he sat in it. He runs his hands over it as if doing so will somehow drag up the scent of his family buried under all the dust and years. The women glances at him from the corner of her eyes but she doesn’t say anything as she returns her attention to where she he piloting the ship. He sees the broken husks as they near them and somehow knows she plans on using them somehow. Finn manages to land a hit on one of the Tie-Fighters and not-Rey looks back for a moment to yell her congratulations. Ben would as well but his attention is too focused on the mountains of ship that are surrounding them now. The bodies of the Empire. Evidence that the First Order is just one of a series of horrors trying to conquer the galaxy. Evidence that even monsters on a size like that can be defeated. The remaining Fighter manages to land a hit on the cannons. For a moment Ben is scared they’ve managed to hit Finn but Finn yells up that the guns jammed. A problem, yes, but not as bad as Ben had feared. “Get ready,” The women who isn’t Rey warns and Ben follows her gaze towards the goliath husks of a ship long-destroyed. He knows what she is going to do. He swears he can hear his mother yelling at his father that this is a stupid suicidal idea but that is most defiantly just a memory. “Are we really doing this?” Finn yells and Ben knows that yes they are. And Ben knows that the Falcon will be able to pull it off. There is an excitement that rises in him as they fly further into the half-scavenged corpse of the ship. An excitement he had not felt for many years. An excitement that his mother had said he had inherited from his father. A love of the adrenalin that came through him when the Falcon was about to attempt some feat it should never be able to do. He feels like himself again. Like the old him who ran around in thick oil-stained pants and a worn shirt or plain Jedi’s robes instead of the delicate intricate fabric of the clothes he was forced into. “Oh no,” the woman who isn’t Rey says and he realises what they’ve done as the greater ship bottle-necks around them. Dread wells up next to excitement and he watches her face looking for any tell that she has a plan or not. Her face scrunches up in focus and even before the ship makes a sharp turn he knows they will be okay. Between her flying and the Falcon’s ability to mauver in a way a ship of its size should not be able to do they will be okay. He shuts his eyes as they enter free fall and remembers being a child again and his father and uncle trying to complete over who could show him the coolest tricks with the ship while his mother was busy with some meeting. Remembers the laughter that filled the cockpit as the most mature being in the room for that moment was a Wookie whose concern was brushed off by everyone else. He gets brought back at the sound of Finn’s cheer and when he opens his eyes there are no more Fighters chasing them. When he opens his eyes they are free. They make it into space and Ben feels relief flood through him. Hux may still yet find him but he knows the search zone has increased greatly. They should have some time. They should have a chance. The woman who isn’t Rey pushes herself up and out of the chair, rushing into the main body of the ship but Ben stays where he is. He stays where he is and gazes out into the vastness of the universe. He sees it with hope for the first time in many years. Somewhere out there is his parents and uncles. The remaining parts of his family that didn’t perish on that night. Somewhere out there he will find a place Hux won’t be able to find him. He pulls himself away from it to join the other two, his hand brushing along the walls of the ship as he does so. He feels as if it is all a dream. As if he were to break contact he would wake up back in the room just as Hux entered after his day at work. Not-Rey stands from where she had been talking to BB-8 when he enters and takes them both in. “I don’t know your names.” “Finn.” “Ben.” “I’m Rey.” He feels his heart stop at the name. Feels his heart stop and the horrible, impossible hope swell up into him. Feels himself suddenly believing that somehow she did survive it all. That somehow she made it out and was hidden away on the desert planet in order to protect her from ending up in a fate like his. That the Force had been guiding him to her, or her to him and them both to their father’s ship because it has a plan to repair what damage had been caused that night. A plan to take everything back to the way before that night and all the pain that followed. There is no way to go back to before that night. And just because her name is Rey doesn’t mean she is Rey . There are probably many Rey’s in the galaxy, and one of them just happens to have the same face as his cousin. It’s a coincidence. A painful coincidence. He feels tears well up nonetheless. “Are you okay?” Rey (but not that Rey – still she deserves her name even if it pains him) asks, reaching out to him and he takes a step back, away from Finn as well. He can’t handle them both right now. Can’t handle her having the same face and name as his cousin. Can’t handle it especially as he stands in the middle of his father’s ship. Can’t stand being in walls that feel haunted with only a ghost and a stranger as company. “I need-“ he starts, getting ready to flee deep into the ship. To find one of the places on it that is only known to members of his family. To find a place on it where they won’t bother him. Or maybe Rey will find him and that horrible hope will be proven right. The Falcon has other plans apparently and hot steam comes shooting up from beneath its grates. “Help me with this. Quick,” Rey says as she rushes over and the two of them follow. She pulls at the grate and Finn helps her. Ben wants to, but he knows he would be more hindrance than use. He has already pushed his body much further than he had in many years. Even standing causes his muscles to burn and his feet to ache. He doubts he has any strength left to do anything. He finds himself collapsing against the wall of the Falcon, his body too exhausted to even bring itself to care about the potential death that the leak could cause them. No matter how dangerous the ship was it had never really caused him substantial harm. It had saved him. He doubts it would try and kill him now. “BB-8 said the location of the Resistance Base is ‘need to know’ – if I’m taking you there, I need to know,” Rey says from where she has descended into the ship in order to fix the leak. Finn gives Ben a look and it’s clear he’s thinking the same thing: should they tell her? She did just save them both from being recaptured by the First Order and Hux. She probably deserves the truth. On the other hand how would they start to explain the reality of the situation – Finn, an ex-Storm Trooper who had rescued Poe and then they stumbled upon Hux’s prized omega and decided to take him as well. If she had any sense in her she’d drop them both back to the First Order’s front doorsteps and hope she didn’t get punished for helping their escape. Not that Ben actually believed the women who bore his cousins name and face would do it. Still, it would be safer to continue with the lie that they were both Resistance. Finn gestures BB-8 over. “You gotta tell us where the base is.” BB-8 responds with a protest that he isn’t going to reveal the base to three people he has barely met. “I don’t speak that. Alright, between us, we’re not with the Resistance,” Finn adds and BB-8 spins around to Ben as if to check if he is going to protest the statement. “We’re not.” In another life he might have been, but in this one he wasn’t. “Look, we’re just trying to get away from the First Order but you tell us where your base is and we’ll get you there first – deal?” Again BB-8 checks the statement with Ben and he can only nod. He needs to go to the Resistance base himself. It is the best chance he has at finding out where the galaxy his family ended up. He doesn’t have the Force to communicate with them so he must hope that nothing happened to make his mother loose contact with the Resistance. Must hope that they will know where to find her at least. “Droid please.” Rey pops up and Finn tries to act natural. Ben would laugh at how horrible he is at it if not for the fact that he cannot risk Rey figuring out that they are lying to her about the realty of their situation. “So where’s your base?” “Go on BB-8, tell her,” Finn says and the droid seems to seriously consider it for a moment. He turns to Ben, and Ben tries to give him what he hopes to be a reassuring smile. “Please?” Apparently it is enough and BB-8 turns around again and happily beeps out the co-ordinates of the base. “The Ileenium system?” Rey asks and Finn nods unbelievably. “Yeah, the Ileenium system, that’s the one – get us there as fast as you can.” Rey disappears back under the grate and Finn gives BB-8 a thumbs up which is returned with a wielding torch turned upwards. Ben actually allows himself to laugh at that site only to find it sounds hollow to his ears. “I’ll drop you three off at Ponemah Terminal. I need the bonding tape, hurry!” Finn goes searching through the box trying to find the tape in question. After three incorrect attempts Ben is tempted to go over and find it for him. Surely he could find it better, even if his memory of the ship and how to repair it had faded over the 15 years he had been away from it. His feet ache though and he fears the pain he would feel should he try to stand again. He is glad when Finn manages to find the correct tape, even if it is after multiple attempts and Rey’s growing frustration. “What about you?” Finn asks as he hands the tape over. “I’ve got to get back to Jakku.” “Jakku!? Why do you want to go back to Jakku?” Ben understands the sentiment. He would be happy if he never returned to that planet during the rest of his life. Still, he isn’t going to question the woman’s decision, not after everything she has done for them. Finn apparently has no such reservations “Rey. You’re a pilot – you can fly anywhere. Why go back? You got family? You got a boyfriend?” “None of your business,” Rey replies with a pointed nod towards Ben and oh no. “What?” Finn asks and the look gets more pointed. “What? “She thinks you’re with me. That we’re mated.” “That we’re what? No. No I’m not with him. Not like that . Not at all with him. We’ve just-“ met. Ben knows the word Finn was about to say and he knows why he caught himself. They having just met wouldn’t exactly match with them both being in the Resistance. “I’m not with him like that.” Ben feels like he should perhaps be offended at Finn’s tone but he is more relieved. He isn’t with him, and he doesn’t want to be with him. He doesn’t want to be with anyone and he realises, after everything, Finn could very well have decided to claim him in payment for helping him get away from Hux. “Okay, well then-“ Whatever it was Rey was going to say gets cut off when the power in the ship goes out and Ben feels his heart sink. They’ve been found. “That can’t be good,” Finn says. “No, it can’t be,” Rey agrees and the three of them are bolting into the Cockpit, Ben ignoring the pain that shoots up his feet at each step. He has to know for sure if Hux has found them. If he has it won’t matter that Ben has torn his hands and feet to shreds. If Hux has found them there are worst things to come. Rey checks the controls the second she reaches them. “Someone’s locked onto us. All controls are overridden.” Finn apparently is unsatisfied with that assessment and clambers onto the panel using Rey as a stabiliser. “Get off,” Rey says protesting but she stops trying to push his hand off once he’s balanced. “See anything?” “Oh no,” Finn says and Ben’s heart plummets. Finn glances back at him before looking back up into the gaping jaws of the ship swallowing them. “It’s the First Order.” “What do we do, there must be something,” Rey says. “There’s nothing we can do,” Ben replies and he starts trying to think of away to get Rey out of it. He knows he’s not going to escape. Knows he would never get another chance to escape again. Knows Hux will have thought up some punishment for his escape attempt by now. Finn too probably has no chance. Ben doesn’t know what will happen to him but he doesn’t think it will be pleasant. Rey though. It may be impossible for her to be his cousin but he has to save her. He has to save her if only to prove he can save one of them. “You said poisonous gas?” Finn asks and Ben knows what he is planning. “Yeah, but I fixed that.” “Can you unfix it?” Rey stares at them for a second before it clicks in her head as well and the three of them are running back into the body of the ship. Ben grabs the gasmasks as they race through and Finn helps him into the sunken part of the ship after he tosses them down. As much as Ben doesn’t want to accept the help his hands and feet ache. It is easier to have Finn gently grip onto his forearm than have to brace himself on the grates of the ship with his hands. Rey follows and she and Finn help pull BB-8 down into the cavern with them. It is a tight fit, the four of them in the hidden compartment of the Falcon, and Ben feels suffocated. He tries to bury the panic down though. Right now they need to stay hidden and quiet until the poison takes out anyone Hux sends into the ship to find them. It would do them no good if they were found quickly and dragged out of the ship before the gas even had a chance to seep through searchers masks and into their lungs. Rey and Finn tug the grate back over to cover them and Rey goes to working on undoing her work at blocking up the leak while the rest of them watch in silence. A hand grabs onto Ben’s and he has to look down to realise it is Finn’s. When he meets the other’s eyes there is determination in them. He understands the silent message sent – they’re not going back. The only response he can give is a nod. He doesn’t point out that they are probably just delaying the inevitable. “Chewie. We’re home.” He knows that voice. He knows that name. It’s not the First Order. They don’t need to stay hidden. Ben tries to push himself up, shifting the other two who share a panicked looked. Finn grabs his other hand, and his eyes seem to be trying to express some message of calm. They don’t understand. He needs them to understand. It’s not the First Order. They’re safe. He doesn’t get the words out before the grate is lifted over their heads and he is right. It isn’t the First Order. They are safe. Han Solo and Chewbacca stare into the crate, the blaster held in Han’s hands pointed down at them. He watches as the realisation stretches across their features. “Ben?” Notes: This chapters amazing art: http://tanukii-chan.tumblr.com/post/153078573921/star-wars-au-rey-ben-and-finn-from-toiw-by http://tanukii-chan.tumblr.com/post/153380615646/star-wars-au-toiw-by-goddessofroyalty-x Chapter 6 : Brief Han Interlude Notes: Another interlude. I have a feeling things are going to become a bit looser when compared to the movie from the next chapter onwards (it'll still follow the plot of the movie just... interactions are going to be added/changed a bit more). It had been too long since he had seen his ship. Too many years and he found all his memories had been distorted from that. Found they had turned from memories of all the years he and Chewie had used it to do runs, all the modifications he had made to it in order for it to be effective to focused on a single point. Focused in on the few years when the ship had been its fullest. Memories of a time that was tied to much a more painful one. He still isn’t going to just let the Falcon slip from his hands. He doesn’t care how painful it is. Doesn’t care how wrong it feels for it to be just him and Chewie on it. He isn’t going to let the Falcon not be returned to his possession. It feels wrong to take it back without them . It is wrong to leave it in the custody of someone else. Walking into the ship only reminds him of how long it has been. The place is covered with dust and sand. Whoever had taken it clearly hadn’t taken the best care of it. It looked like it hadn’t seen life for years. He would have to start contemplating the stories of haunted ships if not for the disturbed footprints in the dust and the bloody streaks on the walls that come off wet when he rubs it. He shows the blood to Chewie as if the Wookie couldn’t already smell that it was fresh and gets a concerned roar in reply. Clearly whoever had his ship had recently been met with trouble. Han shrugged. At least they will be at an advantage should it come to a fight. He focuses back on the halls of the Falcon and tries to swallow back the memories it all brings up. “Chewie, we’re home.” It doesn’t feel like home. Not without the twins. Not without his children. It doesn’t even smell like home anymore. Instead it smells stale and empty and no matter how desperately he wishes for it there is no lingering scent of Luke and Leia. The years without them within in had done what he once considered impossible – removed the scent of his bond and family from where it had sunk into every crevice of the ship. It hurts being on the ship again. Hurts because he cannot help but remember racing through the halls with the twins because the Empire had found them and if they didn’t do something now there was a very high chance they wouldn’t live to see the planet they were supposed to be going to. Cannot help but remember pacing through them desperately trying to convince the infant in his arms to please stop crying because they had already pushed their mother to the edge of desperation and now it was his turn to try. Cannot help but think of the joy-filled screams both Ben and Rey had made as children while they ran through the ship lost in their own game. Cannot help but think about how he never got to teach his daughter how to fly the Falcon like he had his son. The sound of movement beneath one of the floor plates of the ship distracts him from his thoughts, and he shares a look with Chewie. At least they know where those who had his ship were. Chewie lifts the grate and Han is completely ready to shoot those who hold his ship in order to get it back. He finds himself frozen when he sees who it actually is. There is no fear in his son’s eyes at the sight of him. That is possibly the only positive aspect of his son’s appearance. He is wearing cloths, the thin fabric of which had been torn through so that pieces hung off his sleeves and torso. Han is sure that the fabric was originally white but whatever Ben was doing had turned it into a combination of brown and grey. There was sand gathered in the collar of it, and Han could see more granules of it dusting through his son’s hair. Suddenly he was back on Tatoonie with a pair of omega twins who thought they could go up against a Hutt. They had only been held by Jabba for less than a day, his son had been gone for 15 years. Ben’s thinner as well, the clothing hugs his frame and Han can see that there is little muscle tone on him. His remembers the hours his son had spent during his teenage years building up muscle, remembers the strength he used to have. Now he looks thin and lanky, instead of tall and muscular. Han wonders how long it took for his bulk to vanish. His son’s hands and feet are torn apart and bloody, and Han now knows the source of the streaks on the walls and footsteps on the floor of the Falcon. He wonders what happened to cause them to open up like that. Wonders what his son had done in his escape from wherever he had been held. That wasn’t the worst part though. No, the worst part was the underlay of his son’s scent, an unmistakable extra layer of alpha, of mate . He doesn’t know exactly what happened to him but he can guess and he’s pretty sure he isn’t wrong. There is an alpha in the cavern of the ship with his son. An alpha who is holding his son’s hands, but Han can tell it isn’t him that his son is mated to. Which only raises more questions than it gives answers. There is a third with them, a beta women and Han feels even more hope swell within him at her face. She looks like her, like his daughter, like the perfect blend of him and Luke, and maybe the two of them hadn’t been separated. Maybe his children had been kept together and found a way to escape. He cannot be as sure as he is with Ben. His son had been nearly fully grown when he was taken, had been definitive enough in his features that the last few years of growth couldn’t change them that much. His daughter had only been a child. Her features could have changed completely, formed into an unrecognisable person. He might just be projected onto her. Still, he found his ship and he found his son. Those two were undeniable even in his most cynical. Still, it was almost impossible to believe it true. Feels almost as if it’s a dream he’s made up in the loneliness he refuses to admit he feels. It is impossible and yet he feels as if it is the truth of the situation. He still finds his mind struggling to process everything in front of him. Struggling to find the words to express what he feels at the sight of his son again. He knows he has to say something though, that he has to be the one to break the silence. There is only one word that he can manage to get his mouth to say. “Ben?” Chapter 7 : A warmth like no other Notes: Time to turn what is actually like not even 2 minutes of dialogue into something that would actually take much longer. Look the Rathtar’s are just staying quiet for a bit longer okay – I said I would mess with the order/length of things as I needed to. Also trying to fix Ben’s feet as best as I can before the next chapter... possibly shouldn’t have crippled him TBH. Oh, and I’m apparently not moving up Han finding Rey’s name to here like I thought I would be – instead I guess it’ll end up in the same place as it does in the movie. I mean, this chapter is emotionally heavy enough without adding that so, all good. The only reason for the cliffhanger is I want the Rathtar’s as a separate chapter but I also needed something to show this chapter ended here. I honestly wouldn’t have done it if it wasn’t for the fact I wanted them to still cut Han off. It takes much more effort getting out of the cavern than it did getting it. Even with Han and Finn helping him out Ben still finds he needs to brace his hands on the edge of the grate to pull himself out. The Pain is worth it though. Completely worth it when his father’s arms wrap tightly around him despite the fact he is not yet even standing. When he can hug back just as tightly and bury his head in his father’s shoulder, breathing in the near-forgotten scent of parent and family. They are both sobbing and Ben hears Chewie’s happy roar before they are engulfed in his arms as well. The feeling of Wookie fur on his skin completely telling him he is back. There is no way Hux would let anything like that in the room. There is a warmth in it. Both from the feeling of his father and uncle’s bodies pressed so closed to his as well as the one growing in his heart. It isn’t like the heat of Jakku. It doesn’t burn and blister his skin. Instead it feels like being wrapped in a thick blanket. It feels like comfort and reassurance and safety. It cannot be a dream. It is too real to be a dream. He has managed to escape and find his father again. “I’m sorry,” his father says, pulling him only closer. “I should have protected you. I’m sorry.” Ben wants to protest that there was nothing his father could have done. No way to predict what the First Order and Hux had planned that night. He doesn’t have the energy to though. He is safe with his father and he finds that all the adrenaline in his body that had kept him going wanes with that knowledge, leaving him with nothing but the feeling of exhaustion. Leaving him only able to respond by hugging back tighter. He wants to do nothing more than stay bundled in his father and uncle’s arms, surrounded by their scent until sleep takes him. The sound of Finn and Rey pulling themselves and BB-8 up from the alcove of the ship remind him that it isn’t an option yet. “You know each other?” Finn asks once he and Rey had climbed out of the cavern and replaced the grate that covered it. Ben manages to pull his face away from where it is buried between Han and Chewie to look at them, although his vision is blurred from tears. “Yes,” he says before suddenly realising that they have only half the story. They’re not like Poe, who would recognise Han and know who he was to Ben in the same instant Ben did. He tries to stand up, only to find that his feet shoot pain through him when he puts weight on them. “Chewie, go get the first aid kit,” his father says before helping him walk over to one of the crates on the ship and helping him sit down to take the weight off his feet. Rey and Finn follow to where they move, their faces deep with confusion, as Chewie disappears in search of a first aid kit. “This is my father, Han Solo.” “The Rebellion General?” Finn asks. “The smuggler?” Rey asks at the same time. “Both, actually.” “Wasn’t he a war hero?” Finn asks and Ben can see his mind going through that information as well as his knowledge of the room he had met Ben in. He wonders what conclusion Finn reaches about it – whether he thinks Ben was some willingly handed over sign of a truce, or perhaps a hostage. He wonders if it dulls whatever image Finn has of Han if he failed to stop or save Ben from being captured. He wants to explain that none of it was Han’s fault. That there was nothing his father could have done to stop or prevent what happened. Nothing anyone could have done. Han cuts in before he can get a chance. “We can deal with that later . First, where’d you find my ship?” The question is aimed at Ben and he has a feeling his father imagines it as him taking back what rightfully belongs within the family instead of the moment of dumb luck that it had been. Rey answer for him. “Niima Outpost.” “Jakku?! The junkyard!” “Thank you, junkyard,” Finn says to Rey but Han gives them little attention, instead keeping his focus on Ben. “What were you doing on Jakku?” “It’s a long story, we crashed there.” He doesn’t really want to explain it all right now. Wants to have a chance to at least process it all himself without the constant fear of death or recapture looming over him. Wants to have the chance to find which parts of the narrative he can give voice to and which he will leave for his father to figure out by implication. Han opens his mouth as if keep questioning him about it but pauses and turns his attention back onto the other two. “Who had it, Ducain?” “We stole it from Unkar Plutt. He stole it from the Irving Boys, who stole it from Ducain,” Rey explains and Ben watches Han’s expression become one of pure annoyance. “Who stole it from me.” It is strange how much his father’s irritation feels comfortable to him. Strange how the thing that made him roll his eyes back when he was still with his family now makes him feel home. It is something that was a constant for most of his life – Han grumbling about whatever situation he was in and everyone else either snapping back or ignoring him. Empty words when compared to what will actually happen. It is an anger very different to Hux’s, both in tone and expected response. It’s nice to have it back. “Well you tell him Han Solo just stole the Millennium Falcon for good.” “Wait so you really are Han Solo? And this is really the Millennium Falcon?” Rey asks, looking around the ship with unconcealed awe and once again Ben’s heart clenches at the person who face hers reminds him of. The ship is as much Rey Skywalker’s inheritance as his and she will never get it. “I used to be,” his father says and Ben has a feeling he knows the exact failure that took the confidence from his father. He once again finds himself wanting to reassure him that it wasn’t his fault. That if anyone could have predicted that something was going to happen it was Ben, who had taken Snoke disappearance from his brain as a gift of relief instead of a predictor of something more sinister. He hadn’t said anything to anyone and instead, convinced himself the danger had faded away until the First Order arrived and proved that it had merely been biding its time. He doesn’t know how to voice the explanation though. Doesn’t want to risk whatever fallout will result when his father realises that it was all his fault that everything happened. That he was the one that could have stopped it. “You must really hurt,” Han says and Ben realises he’s wrapped his arms around himself in comfort. His father read the gesture as one in response to physical pain. It is easy for Ben to pretend that is the truth. Chewie returns with the first aid kit and hands it over to Han who digs through it to grab cream and bandages before holding out his hand for Ben to give one of his over. “It’s not as good as bacta but it’ll at least stop it from turning into anything nasty,” Han explains as he applies the creams to the cuts on Ben’s hand before wrapping it up in the bandages. “So where were you headed before we found you,” he says as he starts working on Ben’s feet. “The Resistance base,” Finn says. “What business do you have with the Resistance?” Han asks and he is looking at Ben with a flash of hurt in his eyes. “The droid has a map to Luke Skywalker,” Finn continues and Ben finds himself sitting up because that doesn’t make sense. Nobody should need a map to find Luke – his uncle had always made sure he was easy enough to be found in case anyone needed guidance in the Force. Even while he was pregnant with Rey he had still ensured his duties as a Jedi was met, despite Han’s protests. Ben remembered going with him some times, to ease the concerns of parents with children who seemed to be showing signs of connection with the Force. “What do you mean it has a map to Luke? Surely the Resistance already knows where he is?” when everyone else starts avoiding his eye contact he finds panic rising in him. “What happened to him?” “Did you know him?” Finn asks, as if trying to soften horrible news. “Yes. He was my-“ Uncle. Teacher. As much of a parent to Ben as Han and Leia had been. He feels the tears well up again but fights them back in order to look at his father with as clear eyes as he can maintain. “What happened? Tell me.” His father avoids his gaze but Ben isn’t going to let him not answer the question. He lets the silence sit until Han finds his voice. “He blamed himself for what happened.” Ben feels his heart plummet at the words but he isn’t going to interrupt – he has to know, no matter how much it pains him to hear. “Thought it was his fault you both were taken. His fault that they all died. I think it broke us all a little, but Luke took it the worst. The most personally. It was only a week later that he vanished. Told us he was going to look for answers somewhere in the galaxy and then broke off all contact. Nobody’s seen him since.” “He’s a legend now,” Rey says, “half of the galaxy doesn’t even think he ever existed.” “Oh, he existed, you can trust me on that,” Han says and Ben feels as if in another situation the statement would almost be half-joke. Of course Han Solo knew Luke Skywalker existed – he had fathered a child with him. Then something hits him. “You didn’t know the droid was carrying the map? But they did?” “We met on Jakku,” Rey says but then it hits her as well, “but Finn knew BB-8 had the map.” He knows she’s realised there is another part to the story now. Both Finn and Ben cannot be part of the Resistance if only one of them know what BB-8 had been carrying. Finn realises it too and he looks at Ben as if asking for permission to explain for them. Ben nods his assent. “We met on The Finaliser. Ben was-“ Finn stops and Ben can see that he feels like it isn’t his story to tell. Which means it is Ben’s. He would have preferred not to have to voice it himself but he supposes Finn probably doesn’t know the full story himself. He wonders what Hux told those under him about Ben and the room. “I was in the room Hux kept me in. Poe and Finn found me and we escaped together.” His father’s eyes show grief at Ben’s words, but they don’t show surprise. It makes sense. In the life that Han Solo had lived he would have had a pretty good idea of what would happen to a captured or kidnapped omega. Ben doesn’t have to spell it out to his father. What he said is probably already more than enough for him to deal with. “Poe?” his father says, “as in Poe Dameron?” Ben nods. He wonders how much contact his father and Poe had over the years. Wonders if his father thinks of the man or teen when the name is mentioned. Ben can only think of the teen. Had only known the man for too short of a time. “Where is he now?” “He didn’t survive the crash onto Jakku.” “Oh,” Han says and Ben watches a moment of grief flash across his face. “I’m sorry to hear that. He was a good kid.” That doesn’t answer the question of when Han had last seen him. “So where are you headed now?” Han asks. Ben knows that the question is actually aimed at Rey but Finn seems to take it as being aimed at him as well. The two of them share a look. “The Resistance base – with BB-8,” Rey replies. “We can take care of that now. I need to get Ben back to his mother anyway. She might actually have some bacta to fix these up,” he says, gesturing to Ben’s now covered hands and feet. “We’re not just going to leave BB-8 with you – Finn probably needs to go back to the Resistance himself anyway,” Rey protests and Finn apparently remembers the fact that, to Rey’s knowledge, he is still a part of the Resistance. “Right – I have reports to fill out and… things,” Finn adds and Ben can already tell that his father knows Finn isn’t actually a part of the Resistance. He wonders how long he will play the game of pretending he doesn’t know for. Han gives a snort. “Fine. I’ll take you two along as thanks for-“ Han stops and looks at Ben, and it is clear what he was going to finish the sentence with. “As thanks. After that though, you’re on your own.” “That’s fine,” Rey says, apparently taking the comment as only being aimed at her. “I can find my own way home.” Finn merely nods when Rey isn’t looking and that just makes Han raise an eyebrow at him. “Good,” Han says and he goes to say something else before the sound of distant movement echoes through the larger ship. “Don’t tell me a Rathtar’s gotten out?” Chapter 8 : Why did it have to be Rathtars? Notes: So this was the first ‘hurdle’ of the fic. Hopefully I did a good job of it. Next chapter is probably going to be just on the Falcon as they head to Maz – not at all because I would like a breather before the second (and TBH greater) hurdle of the fic. Actually, it’s not, I just feel like we need a bit more conversation and ‘lull’ time before we get back to the like 1000miles-per-hour plots. Also I think this chapter title is the most tongue-in-cheek so far. Oh well I like it too much to want to change it. “Did you just say Rathtars?” Finn asks, and Ben tries to dig up the connection to the name that pings in his mind. He hasn’t had to think much about such things for years, and bestiaries were too grizzly reading for an omega. Han ignores Finn’s question and instead quickly moves out of the Falcon. Ben jumps down from the crates he had been sitting on to follow him. Pain shoots up his feet when he lands, but it isn’t as bad as it had been previously, the padding of the bandages giving some protection against the grates of the ship biting into his feet. Walking still hurts, but he is able to push through it in order to follow his father. He isn’t about to let him out of his sight. Not when he has just gotten him back. Finn and Rey follow him, sticking close. He wonders if they are waiting for an external threat or for him to collapse. Either way he is sure they are primed to react. The freighter they exit the Falcon into is large. Ben can’t even begin to estimate the size, and feels too uncertain about his spacial-awareness to compare it to Hux’s ship. If he is completely honest he can barely contrast it to Jakku. Everything feels large to him after the room, and his brain struggles to process empty space in the way it used to. He used to have a pilots awareness of it, able to tell exactly how much room his ship needed to mauver and how much the area had. Now everything seems to be categorised as ‘small’ or ‘big’ with no real understanding of either. The ship is much dirtier than the Hux’s, and there isn’t any sterile whiteness about it. Instead it is grey and dark and dirty and exactly the kind of place Ben expects his father to exist within. Despite the danger inherent in it he can’t help but feel like he is falling back into his old life. Despite the danger he can’t help but feeling relief. His father is standing over a control panel, and Finn picks up his pace to reach him first. “You’re not hauling Rathtar’s on this freighter are you?” he asks, hand coming to grip onto Han’s arm as if to force him to pay attention to him this time. “I’m hauling Rathtars,” Han says with a complete ease that Ben honestly isn’t surprised about. His father was never one to live an easy or safe life. “Oh great. It’s the Guavian Death Gang – they must’ve traced us from Nantoon.” Han turns around and glances between the three of them and the Falcon. Ben guesses that he’s trying to figure out where would be safer for them – back hidden on the Falcon or with him. Ben goes to protest. To point out that they had survived Jakku, and the First Order trying to capture them on there. That compared to that, a gang is nothing. However his father apparently makes his decision before Ben has a chance. “Come on,” Han says before walking through one of the doorways in the hanger. The four of them have little choice but to follow. “What’s a Rathtar?” Rey asks as they make their way into a corridor of the ship and Ben keeps raking his brain trying to find where in his past the name matches up to. “They’re big and their dangerous,” Han says, glancing back at both Ben and Rey. His father sees the same thing Ben does in Rey’s features, which again raises the hope within him. Surely a father should be able to recognise his child compared to some other whom merely has similar features? He knows Han wouldn’t have stayed quiet on the matter if he knew definitively she was his daughter. His father has the same doubts Ben does. Or maybe he knows it isn’t her, and is suffering from the same instinct as Ben despite it. The need to protect her because of the person she reminds them of rather than believing it to be a possible reality. “You ever heard of the Trillian Massacre?” Finn asks. That name brings no recognition in Ben’s mind, which frustrates him because he swears he remembers Rathtars from somewhere. “No.” “Good.” That is apparently all the explanation Finn is willing to give. “I got three of them going to King Prana,” Han says, rattling off his inventory in the same way he would any other item. As if there is no difference between them apart from the money that will be paid for the transaction. Ben figures that within his father’s mind there isn’t any difference. He knows Han has some rules for what he will and will not transfer but past those everything is just a means to a pay check. “Three? How’d you get them on board?” Finn asks, and Ben can tell that he is panicking. He supposes he should be as well, but all he can think of is childhood memories with his father and uncle and trips that were likely much too dangerous for a seven year old to be taking a part of that turned out okay in the end. “I used to have a bigger crew,” Han says and Ben hopes he is joking. Han stops in the middle of the corridor and Chewie opens up a hatch in the floor, leading to a second level underneath. “Get below deck and stay there until I say so.” Han’s tone is one that offers no room for argument, despite the fact Ben feels like it should be met with one. His father’s eyes are heavy with concern, and Ben’s brain is still too busy reeling from everything to think of a suitable cutting retort like the one’s his mother had always been so good at throwing. “What about the Rathtars? Where are you keeping them?” Finn asks, and, as if right on cue, something tries to lunge at the door behind him. Ben’s heart stops for a moment but he has a feeling that it isn’t just his. “There’s one,” Han says, and Ben can see that this time his nonchalance is a bluff. “Now, go on, we probably don’t have much time until they’re in here.” Finn seems to want to protest but the sound of thudding coming through the ship stops him. He is the first to clamber down the hatch, helping Ben climb down as well. Rey follows soon after. However before they have a chance to get BB-8 down as well a noise notifies them all just how close the gang is to where they are. “Chewie – close the hatch,” Han says, and Chewie gives a roar in acknowledgement. “What about BB-8?” Rey asks. “He’ll have to stay with me until I can get rid of the gang.” “What are you going to do?” “Same thing I always do: talk my way out of it,” Han says, and, as the hatch shuts above them, Ben knows that Han isn’t going to be able to solve it by himself. No matter how much his father thought himself to be one, he had never been a negotiator. Sure, he was good at bullshit, but it only ever got him so far before he needed to rely on his other skills to get out of trouble. It was a fact Ben had learned at an incredibly young age. “We have to do something,” he whispers to Finn and Rey. “What?” Rey asks, in the same quiet tone. “Something, anything.” If they leave it in his father’s hands there is no way for it not to end up in a firefight. Rey stares at him for a minute as if she is baffled at his apparently distrust in Han. He wonders what sort of family she came from and figures it mustn’t have involved a father like his. Rey turns her attention to Finn. “Can you see them?” “No.” The three of them crawl through the limited space they have as Han and the gang talk above. As much as Ben is grateful to have his weight off his feet and onto his knees, he finds his hands hurt from their new requirement to bare some of it. Still, he supposes it would only be worse had they not been bandaged. “They have blasters,” Rey whispers when they manage to get into a position that allows them to see the newcomers to the ship. Ben’s knees are already protesting the weight now placed on them, having apparently taken damage themselves during the events on Jakku and lacking the bandages that now somewhat protect his hands and feet. “A lot of them,” Finn adds. Ben isn’t surprised at the number of weapons the gang carries. He remembers enough about the lawless groups of the galaxy to know that they were not ones to be lightly armed. He finds it almost funny that an ex-Stormtrooper thinks the number a lot. “We have to do something,” Ben once again reminds them. “What can we do?” Finn replies and they hear the sound of another door in the ship above opening. “I have an idea,” Rey says and she starts making her way in the opposite direction, giving Finn and Ben no choice but to follow. They freeze when one of the gangs recognises BB-8 and suddenly Ben doesn’t feel as safe anymore. Sure, he’s with his father and he knows his father will do anything to protect him. He also knows how determined Hux will be in finding him. He wonders if his father can really do anything to stop Hux and the First Order. When they hear the order to search the freighter Rey’s jaw squares and her crawl speed increases as she makes her way to a junction box, where she settles and assesses it. “What are you doing?” Finn asks, between glances at the conversation going on above as if waiting for them to be suddenly found. “If we close the blast doors in the corridor we can trap both gangs,” Rey replies, which of course, will at the very least buy them some time. “Close the blast doors from here?” Finn asks. “Resetting the fuses should do it,” Rey says before pressing down on some of the fuses. They hear the sound of a doors opening within the ship, but even Ben can tell they aren’t the ones above their heads. “Oh no.” “Oh no what?” “Wrong fuses.” The sound of blaster-fire and screams fill the air above them and the three of them stare at each other in terror. The Rathtars are loose. “Get to the Falcon,” Ben tells them, not even bothering to try and muffle his voice. He doubts the people above them are going to hear them, or even be listening for anything other than the sound of the monsters that are trying to eat them. “Why?” Rey asks. “Because we need to get off this ship!” His remembers why Rathtars were familiar to his brain, and knows there isn’t much luck in fighting them unless you have some very heavy fire power or a lightsaber. He remembers a story Luke had told him and Rey many years ago, when Ben was probably too old for such stories and Rey possibly too young, of a Rathtar that had been terrorising a village they had gone to visit in the search of an apparently Force-sensitive child. Upon finding out Luke was a Jedi the villagers had begged him to deal with the beast, and, against Han’s protests otherwise Luke had done so. He had told the two children listening to him about Han’s attempts to shoot the thing when he inevitable followed Luke into the cave it had decided to be its home. Told them how none of the blaster-bolts had done much damage and that Luke had to carve the Rathtar up with his lightsaber in order to kill it. They had later learned that blaster bolts would always be useless against a Rathtar and that you needed something of at least a canons level to take one down. Ben remembers his father grumbling about hating the things when he came into the room, catching the end of the story, and remembers Luke’s teasing comment that they weren’t that bad. Ben wishes he had his uncle there with them. Or, at the very least, his lightsaber. There is no lightsaber with them, and he doubts they can easily find enough firepower to take even one of the Rathtars down. Which leaves only one other option: get away. Leave the vessel to drift through space carrying the monsters and slip away on the much smaller vessel that is currently parked in it. “This was a mistake!” Finn points out as the three of them crawl through the limited space they have in a direction they hope to be one leading to the hanger. “Huge!” Rey agrees. They find a hatch in the ship to get them out from the underneath of it and Ben’s feet once again protest the weight of his body being placed on them. He ignores it though. He doesn’t have time to slow down if he wants to survive. “What do they look like?” Rey asks, and Ben remembers his own curiosity long ago about that very fact. Luke’s description of them had been lacking in detail – all they had got was: large, with a giant mouth filled with teeth and plenty of tentacles to grab their prey with. Now, however, he finds himself not wanting to know what they look like ever in his life. Upon turning a corner Ben finds that the description Luke had given summed them up accurately. “They look like that,” Finn says, pointing weakly at it before they quickly back up and turn another corner only to find another one. “This way!” Finn yells and takes off in the only other direction they have available to them. There are too many of them, Ben realises. They have to do something to cripple them if they want to have any chance of reaching the Falcon and getting off the ship. Ben’s feet burn and he swears the grates of the ship are tearing through the bandages that wrap them. He doesn’t know if he will be able to keep going if they managed to tear completely and he has to take the heavy steps on bare feet. They barely make a few steps around the corner before the tentacles of one of the Rathtars wraps around Finn and drags him back. “Finn!” The name is yelled by both him and Rey and Ben finds his heart stops completely. It isn’t fair. The two people that saved him and helped him get away from Hux didn’t deserve to die because of their very actions in doing that. Rey starts running towards Finn and the Rathtar and Ben follows behind with intent to stop her. He has to get her to the Falcon and get them off the freighter. If he doesn’t then they will all die and his uncle will remain lost to the galaxy. He stops when they pass a control panel. The doors of the Freighter seem strong. He wonders how well the Rathtar’s long limbs would do when met with one of them. His feet feel like they are on fire from only the cuts and burns on them, he cannot imagine what it would feel like to have them cut off. “Rey!” He calls after her and she glances back at him before focusing on where the Rathtar vanished with Finn. A double-take and she’s made her way to the panel itself, apparently having caught onto his idea. They both watch the screens, Rey’s hand hovering, ready to slam down onto the switch at the right time. The Rathtar drags Finn through the freighter until finally it reaches a door – with its body on one side and the tentacles holding Finn on the other Rey slams her hand on the button. Ben holds his breath as the doors slam shut terrified there isn’t enough power in them to cut through the Rathtar’s tentacles. Apparently there is, and the Rathtar screams in pain. Ben cannot help but wince in sympathy. He and Rey manage to share a small smile at their victory, as minor as it may be, before they race off to where Finn is. “It had me! But the door-“ “That was lucky!” Rey says although Ben doesn’t think she realises just how lucky they are that the hydraulics of the ship were powerful enough to cut through the Rathtar’s flesh. If they hadn’t of been there wouldn’t have been any hope of getting Finn back. They run until they find the Falcon. His father apparently had the same plan. “Get on!” Han yells the second he sees them and Ben is sure even his mother wouldn’t have protested that order. “You close the door behind us,” Han adds, pointing to Rey, before looking at Finn, “and you take care of Chewie.” Chewie gives a roar of pain when he is passed to Finn and it is only then that Ben realises that he is injured. He knows he couldn’t possible help bare the weight of a Wookie but he gathers the first aid kit that had originally been intended for him so that the second Finn manages to get Chewie onto one of the benches of the ship he already has the bandages ready. “Hang on in there!” Han calls, and Ben waits for whatever it is his father plans to do in order to get them out of there. He has no doubt about them getting out of there – with Han Solo piloting the Millennium Falcon he knows it is possible. The jump to hyper-speed hits faster than he expects and despite the fact it sends him sprawling he knows that it means they have made it off the freighter and back into the vastness of space. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the Prompt Fics series Next Work →