Prologue Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A long time ago in a far off land… In a castle tucked against a mountainside, surrounded by a great forest, lived a prince. His mother, the queen, was a good sorceress whose abilities had helped their kingdom win a war, though she lost her homeland in the process. During the war she fell for a traveling tradesman and when the war was over, they were married and had a son. Restoring peace to the land was a long and difficult process, but they were happy. The young prince, however, was not. He had magic flowing through him, like his mother, but rather than use it for peace, he sought greatness. His grandfather had been a great warrior and the boy dreamed of being like him. Against his mother’s wishes, he trained himself in dark magic. As time went on, his power grew, but it was not enough. Every night he prayed to grow stronger. One night, a powerful sorcerer appeared before him, clad in grey, flowing robes, surrounded by an aura of dark energy. The prince was in awe. “Do you wish to have power like mine?” the stranger asked. “Yes,” the prince replied, “I’d give anything!” “Anything, you say?” “Yes!” The sorcerer grinned, and as he did so, his features twisted, revealing a disfigured old man with eyes like bottomless pits. The prince knew that face from storybooks but never believed he was real: the dark sorcerer known only as Snoke. “So be it.” He held out bony hands and a red mist spilled from his fingertips and through the castle. The prince watched in horror as everyone the mist touched was turned into one object or another. Brooms, clocks, pots and pans, books, lamps, enchanted to continue their task but unspeaking, unfeeling. The family’s guards, six skilled warriors and their captain, were turned into suits of armor. “What have you done?” the prince cried. “I am simply giving you what you asked for,” the sorcerer replied. “For you cannot have true power with such attachments. You will be my apprentice, and will need only me to guide you.” “I take it back!” The prince tried to plead with him, but it was too late. The sorcerer turned his magic on him; the red mist surrounded the young man and he screamed, curling in on himself as he began to change. As this took place, the queen was returning from a journey to a neighboring kingdom. She saw her household transformed and was too late to prevent it, but the queen would not allow this creature to have her son. She stepped forward and from her hands beamed a white light. She cast the white light over her son, hoping to reverse the dark magic, but the sorcerer’s curse had already begun to take effect. The prince’s body shifted and transformed with sickening pops and cracks. All the while, he screamed, and the sorcerer only laughed. “Foolish woman. He’s mine now. The dark power in him is too strong and soon it will be mine to control.” “You’re wrong,” she told him, defiance in her eyes. “I know him, and there is light in him, too.” She was as wise as she was powerful and she knew there was no use trying to reverse what had already been done to the prince. But she could offer him hope, a way out, if he should seek it. She removed her necklace and tore off the gem that hung from it – a red crystal the size of a chestnut. She held it in one hand and with the other, motioned to her son. A thin trickle of golden light slipped from his hunched form and into the crystal, filling it until it glowed. “What have you done?!” shrieked the sorcerer. “As long as the goodness in him is preserved here, he cannot be yours. He is selfish now, but he can change. When he learns to care for another more than himself, your hold on him will break completely.” “And if he doesn’t?” “Then he is yours.” “You aren’t as foolish as I thought. How strong is your magic, though? How long can you preserve the light in him?” “My spell will last ten years. More than enough time. Perhaps you should find another apprentice.” A sinister smile spread across the sorcerer’s face. “No. I will wait.” The mist withdrew from around the prince and he slumped to the ground, unconscious. Then like a gust of wind, the sorcerer disappeared and slipped into the nearest village to lie in wait, disguising himself as an ordinary old man. The queen cast one last glance to her son. There was nothing more she could do for him. First she turned to the suit of armor that had once been the captain of their guard. With a wave of her hand, the captain had a mind and voice once more, though she was still trapped in that form. She told the captain all that had happened, so that she might help the prince. Then the queen set the crystal on a pedestal and placed a glass cover over it to protect it. She gathered her things and left for a family home far away, where she would join her husband and await news of their son’s fate. When the prince woke, he was alone. The castle was silent, except for the occasional sweeping of an enchanted broom or creak of armor. He stood and stumbled to the window, hoping to see someone, anyone on the grounds. No one was there, but when he caught a glimpse of his own reflection in the glass, he recoiled in horror. It was then that he remembered what had happened: his wish, the sorcerer, the curse. He was overcome with anger and despair. With a scream, he reached out with his power and slammed the castle gates, closing himself inside. He shut the main doors and pulled all the curtains over the windows. Then, in the darkness, he noticed the crystal glowing bright red in its case. He remembered his mother’s voice, what she’d told the sorcerer. And now she was gone, too. Enraged, he took his sword and fled to his quarters, where he wrecked everything he could get his hands on. He held no hope for the curse being broken, had no desire to seek out one to break it. And so his self-imposed exile began. He was a monster now, and monsters cared for no one. Notes: Huge thanks to my beta fish, fandomfix ! And thanks to elfriniol for all your support! Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was a cool but sunny day in the small provincial town. Summer was fading away but some flowers and plants still lingered. It was Sunday and the morning market was in full swing, people bustling to and fro in the town square, friends saying hello, produce and meats and cheese and handmade goods as far as the eye could see. All up and down the narrow streets, people had opened their windows and doors wide, enjoying the last of the nice weather while they could. Somewhere, someone was playing a flute and the music wafted through the village, brightening everyone’s mood further. It was idyllic. Hux hated it. All he wanted to do was to get to the odds-and-ends store on the other side of town, where the owner had just gotten a new shipment the day before and told Hux he could pick through it before anything went onto the shelves. If it wasn’t for that, he’d never be caught dead out in the streets during the market. It was noisy, busy, and smelled like fish. He avoided eye contact with the many lingering glances he received as he made his way through the crowd. He couldn’t, however, avoid catching the whispers. “There he goes again,” one would mumble. “What a strange young man,” another would say. “Pity, isn’t it,” a third would add. “He’s quite handsome. Bit odd, though.” “More than a bit, I’d say.” “Incredibly rude, too.” “How would you know? He barely speaks to anyone.” “He’s really lovely, though, with that hair. I wonder what his mother looks like.” “Don’t count on seeing her around. Didn’t you hear? He’s the commandant’s bastard. Yeah, that old drunk.” “What a shame.” It was nothing new; he had lived here over a month now and he knew how he looked to them: exotic with his bright hair, even more vibrant in the daylight, his pale eyes that nearly matched his blue tunic, porcelain skin splashed with freckles made more prominent by a long, hot summer. Combined with what the townspeople knew of him and his father, he was an easy target. He no longer let their small-minded gossip bother him. Hux’s father had been a feared and respected commanding officer in the war. During a long campaign away from home he’d had a dalliance with a kitchen maid. When he returned, he brought with him an infant with bright hair and bright eyes, which he immediately dumped on the household servants to raise, his furious wife wanting nothing to do with the child. Hux was four years old when the war ended. They were on the losing side and his father fell into disgrace. With no money to his name and saddled with a son he never wanted, he soon sent Hux away to school, where Hux excelled in every subject but got along with no one. When he returned home, he hoped to find a good job, perhaps in the military, work his way up and redeem his family name. Instead, he found his stepmother had died and his father was a drunk, the laughingstock of the city. Shortly after, they were driven out by the relentless animosity of people who still blamed his father for their loss. For a few years they traveled from town to town, Hux finding odd jobs here and there, remaining with his father out of obligation more than anything else. Finally his father was offered a job in a mill and that was how Hux ended up in this godforsaken place. The only living things here he could stand were his cat, Millicent, who went everywhere with him, and the shop owner he was on his way to see. So like always, he clenched his jaw, ignored the stares and whispers, and pressed onward. Finally he slipped in through the shop door, the only one in town not wide open, and shut it quickly so that no one would follow. He leaned back against it and sighed. The bag hanging from his shoulder shifted a little and he adjusted the opening to allow Millicent to hop out. Normally she’d walk at his feet but on a crowded day like this, he didn’t want to risk her getting kicked or stepped on. “There you are! I was beginning to think you’d been trampled.” A small, elderly woman descended a ladder from the attic as she spoke. She was a good deal shorter than Hux, wore baggy overalls, cloth boots and small round glasses, and always had a knowing gleam in her eyes. She was skilled with tools and sharp in conversation; Hux wished there were more people like her around. “I nearly was. Why do your shipments always come in right before the Sunday market? Do you have a death wish for me, Maz?” “You’re not very social, are you, dear?” She leaned down to pet the orange tabby cat that was rubbing against her ankles. “Nonsense. I’m being social right now.” Maz tutted at him. “You’re only here to see what’s come in this week. Don’t pretend you’d leave that workshop of yours otherwise.” Hux couldn’t argue. She was right: his workshop was his only sanctuary. It wasn’t a true workshop so much as a run-down shed beside his father’s house, where he spent most of his days repairing things brought to him by people in town to earn a little money or working on his own projects. While in school, Hux had briefly studied engineering and quickly found he had a knack for thinking up, designing, and building things, as well as fixing them. He was skilled with his hands and good with numbers, measurements and planning. He dreamed of one day inventing things that would change the world. He rummaged through the bins of miscellaneous items, most of them used, ranging from clothing and glass and ceramics and wooden things to cogs and nuts and bolts and wires and more. He selected what he thought he could use and presented the items to Maz along with a handful of coins. She shook her head. “They’re yours.” “But I…” “No one else will take that junk. They look at it and see garbage, but you see potential. Just think of me now and then when you’re a great inventor someday, hm?” She winked at him playfully but somehow Hux knew she wasn’t mocking his dream. She really believed in him. She was the only one who did. Hux thanked her and, in an uncharacteristic burst of good nature, clasped her hand briefly before bagging up his items. She shook her head. “Ridiculous boy. I’ll see you next week?” “Of course. Thanks again, really.” “Thank me by putting that junk to good use!” “I will.” He scooped up his cat and was out the door. * A few days later, Hux reached a standstill in one of his projects: a device that would concentrate heated air and fire it at a single point. He knew what he needed to do next but he didn’t have the correct parts to do it . He’d visited Maz’s shop twice in search of them, but left empty-handed. She scolded him lightly for his impatience, promising a new shipment that coming weekend, but Hux was so close to a breakthrough and it killed him to wait. On top of that, he’d had no clients come to see him for repairs. In his idleness he became frustrated. By Thursday morning he’d had enough. Just because the parts weren’t here didn’t mean he couldn’t get them. The small town was surrounded by dense woods, but on the other side were more towns, bigger towns with bigger shops. The idea had barely finished crossing his mind and Hux was already packing a bag. If he left now, he could make it through the woods by nightfall, spend a night, get what he needed, and be back Friday evening. His father probably wouldn’t even notice he was gone. If he did, he certainly wouldn’t care. Without so much as a glance back, he set off on the path, Millicent trailing just behind him. He wasn’t afraid of the woods. In fact, the solitude appealed to him. It was a chance to think, and as he walked and thought he spoke aloud to the cat, told her all his future plans in great detail. He was so wrapped up in his brainstorming that he didn’t notice storm clouds forming overhead; not until there was a loud crack of thunder that made him jump and finally look up. “That doesn’t look good. We’d better find somewhere to wait it out.” He turned and to his horror, Millicent wasn’t there. Hux was immediately filled with panic. She hated storms, spooked easily, and didn’t know these woods. She could be anywhere. In fact, he couldn’t remember when he’d actually last seen her. It could have been five minutes ago, it could have been an hour. He began to retrace his steps, calling out her name. A flash of lightning, a boom of thunder, and the storm began. The rain skipped past a light drizzle and went straight into a downpour. Hux pulled his hood up and tightened his coat around his thin frame but the rain pounded down thickly and he became soaked. He tried continuing in his quest to find Millicent but could barely see two feet in front of him. It quickly became apparent that he needed to abandon his mission and find shelter. By now he was too far from the village to return by nightfall, so he searched instead for an overhanging rock or thick patch of trees, any sort of refuge to wait for the storm to cease. He trudged through the forest, hunched against the wind and rain. Several times he nearly slipped in the mud and only just caught himself. Now trembling violently, he slowly felt a feeling creep up on him that he hadn’t felt since he was a child. Fear . The suddenly very real fear that he might not make it out of this. Nonetheless, Hux continued forward as he always did, as he had his whole life. He pushed through some bushes and suddenly his foot came in contact with something hard, rather than slippery mud and leaves. He looked down to find the beginning of a stone path. That was odd. He didn’t think there was another town for miles. Could it be that someone lived out here? Hux followed the path until he reached a tall gate. The rain was coming down too hard for him to see farther, but there must be something beyond it. He examined up and down along the gate until he found a spot where the bars had warped over time and he was able to squeeze through. He hurried up the path, eager to find where it led. The rain still hammered down, obscuring his view. Slowly, a massive, dark structure began to come into view. He stopped in his tracks and looked up, blinking against the drops of water. Through the rain and mist, he could just make out tall towers looming above him on either side, connected by a massive stone wall. A castle . As he drew closer, he could see the large door. Had it not been such a terrible storm, had he not been so tired and cold and scared , he may have turned and left, for this was not a welcoming place. But right then anything seemed better than staying out here. There might not even be anyone living there anymore, and if there was, how bad could they be? Hux grasped one of the brass handles and shoved with all his might. The door gave way and he slipped inside. The heavy patter of rain outside dropped into the background as he stepped cautiously into the entrance hall. It was eerily silent and the only light was the dim grey glow seeping in from outside through the cracked door and from a few tall windows where the curtains had been pulled aside. “Hello? Is anyone here?” His voice echoed off the high ceilings. From somewhere further down the hall, in the dark, came a drawn-out creak. Then more silence. It was more than a little unnerving, but the violent shivers running through his body reminded him what awaited him if he went back outside. He was about to turn to shut the door when it slammed shut behind him on its own, making him jump. “Is someone there?” He demanded again. He was answered by more creaks. Whatever it was, it sounded like metal. And it sounded closer this time. Gathering his courage, he ventured further into the hall. Long patches of pale light broke up the darkness from the few uncovered windows, but it wasn’t quite enough. Hux pulled open a few more curtains. He froze when another creak sounded, this time barely a few feet behind him. Slowly he turned, wishing he’d brought a weapon of some sort, wondering if this was it, if he’d die here in this musty old castle and no one would ever know. No one was there. But in the added light, he could now make out a worn out suit of armor, such a dark gray it was almost black. Hux stared at the armor, as if it held the answers he needed. He stepped a little closer, then quickly stumbled backwards. The armor was moving . First, the head turned slowly to face Hux, making that shrill sound again. Then one arm lifted and stopped, frozen as if midway through waving hello. A lesser man would have screamed, or run, or both. Hux only stood frozen, and told himself he was only shaking from being wet and cold, nothing more. “If this is some sort of trick, it’s not funny!” “ Who’s laughing ?” A deep voice rumbled from the shadows. Hux’s breath caught in his throat. He wasn’t alone after all. “Who’s there?” He demanded. The whole mysterious old castle bit was getting tiring. He’d read his share of novels; some eccentric old baron probably lived here, frightening off intruders for kicks. Well Hux would not be frightened off. He needed a place to stay the night and there was nowhere else. “Shouldn’t I be asking you that? You’re the one who entered my castle.” “Have you looked outside? It’s pouring …” Hux considered his position and realized he should probably be more polite when he was at this person’s mercy. He cleared his throat. “I…just need a place to stay until the rain stops. Um…please.” “…very well.” The voice had an almost amused lilt to it, but Hux barely noticed, he was so surprised. “Really? Thank…thank you, very much. As soon as it clears up, I’ll leave, I promise.” There came a low chuckle that made Hux shudder. “That’s where you’re wrong. You won’t be leaving.” “…what?” “I don’t know how you found this castle, but we did not wish to be found. If you leave, you’ll tell others and they’ll come here.” “I…no! No, I won’t tell anyone, I promise.” Who would I even tell ? He thought bitterly. Only Millicent. He wondered where she was, if she was alright. “I can’t take that chance,” the voice said. “You’ve seen one of my knights.” “One of your…?” Hux glanced at the suit of armor, which had moved again, now standing at attention, its head turned slightly towards the voice, as if awaiting orders. Hux scoffed. “You mean this parlor trick?” More creaking filled the room, the terrible sound reverberating off the ceilings and walls, surrounding him. Then there was a heavy clanking, like footsteps, and figures began to emerge. Hux backed towards the window. The noise stopped and Hux could now see five more suits of armor standing in a row beside the first one, their heads all turned to an indiscernible point in the shadows. “They…they must be controlled by some kind of internal mechanism...a motor? Whatever it is, it’s incredible, I’d like to study them actually, perhaps you could show me…” “ QUIET! ” the voice boomed and Hux clenched his jaw. “You will stay here until I decide what to do with you. That is final.” “And if I refuse?” Another chuckle, and then Hux heard a rustling as if something was moving closer. He held his ground and squinted into the darkness. Two eyes gleamed back at him. A chill ran through Hux again and again he blamed the cold, wet clothes clinging to his skin, but he couldn’t deny the dread starting to form in the pit of his stomach. “So I’m your prisoner, then?” His traitorous voice shook. “Don’t think of it like that,” the voice crooned. “You’re my guest . You may go anywhere you like, except the North Tower. The staff here will take care of any needs you might have. Make yourself at home.” The eyes disappeared and there was a loud click that echoed in the hall and in Hux’s chest: the door locking. He ran to it, pulling desperately at the handle, but it wouldn’t open, and when he tried to undo the bolt, it wouldn’t budge. He looked around frantically for another way out. Running to one window, he grabbed a small sculpture from a pedestal and swung it at the glass. Rather than shatter it, it bounced violently off, throwing Hux backwards onto the floor. He cried out in pain and alarm. Rather than get up right away, he remained lying on the floor, his brain working rapidly. Prisoner or not, it was pouring outside, and would soon be dark. He was chilled to the bone, exhausted, and starting to become hungry. It was drafty in here but at least it was dry. Perhaps in the morning the man would have a change of heart, or he’d find another way out. But there was no use in trying to escape now only to freeze to death or slip and wind up in a ditch somewhere. He sat up carefully, looking around to see that all the knights but one had left, along with their master. Hux stood, folding his arms to try to suppress his shivering. The knight lifted its arm again, moving it slowly back and forth in a “this way” motion. Seeing no other choice, Hux followed it down the hall. * In a large bedroom in the North Tower, a fire crackled. In a worn chair he was much too big for, Kylo sat staring into the flames, his head propped in one hand, pondering over what to do with his…guest. The only other being in the room was a suit of armor. This one was silver in color, once bright chrome that had become tarnished over the years. A black cape with red lining fell from its shoulders and down its back. “Sir,” the captain of the guard said; a woman’s voice, though distorted by the metal helmet, “don’t you think that was a little harsh?” “Harsh?” Kylo sat up and turned towards her, glaring. “He trespassed. I should have killed him on the spot.” “He was only looking for shelter.” “Well he should have looked somewhere else. He isn’t welcome here.” There was a long silence. “It’s been over nine years now,” she reminded him. “So?” “Perhaps a guest isn’t such a bad thing.” “What are you saying, Phasma?” “I’m saying if you’re going to keep him here, maybe you should get to know him.” “You think he could break the curse?” “I think we can’t afford to be picky.” Kylo drummed his fingers on the arm of the chair, thinking over her words. Then he sighed and slumped back down. “I’m sorry, Phasma. You know I am. But the curse will not be broken. There isn’t time, not now. In six months, I will have the power that was promised to me, and I will find a way to free you and the others, I swear it.” “…yes, sir.” * The suit of armor led Hux up a staircase, down another long hallway and to a bedroom. As they walked, he tried to get a glimpse of what was making it move, but he couldn’t figure it out. Maybe in the morning he could open up the chest plate and see what was inside. The bedroom was nice, old but surprisingly clean, with a king-sized canopy bed with a thick duvet, a tall oak wardrobe, a desk and chair. Against one wall was a fireplace and at the other, a door to a small bathroom. Opposite the bed was a large window that looked out into the courtyard. The knight motioned to the wardrobe and Hux walked over to it, opened it to find clothes. Dry clothes. Too eagerly, he shed his coat and removed his boots. He began to undo the clasps to his tunic when he realized the armor was still standing in the doorway, at attention. Strange contraption or not, he didn’t like the feeling that he was being watched. “Uh. Thank you?” The knight remained in the doorway. “You’re dismissed,” Hux tried. The knight nodded, turned and left, shutting the door behind it. Hux heard it creak around a bit in the hall and then come to a stop. Guarding the door, Hux supposed, so that he couldn’t escape. Hux changed into a pair of soft pants and long sleeved nightshirt and hung his wet clothes in the bathroom to dry. He found a towel and dried his hair, then collapsed onto the bed. He pulled the duvet up to his chin and curled up tightly, savoring the warmth. He wanted to think some more, to contemplate this strange situation he found himself in, but his eyes were drooping and his limbs felt heavy. Within minutes he was fast asleep. Notes: Huge thanks to my beta fish, fandomfix ! And thanks to elfriniol for all your support! Chapter 3 When Hux woke the next morning, the first thing he noticed was the absence of pounding rain. He sat up to see that it was morning. The day was gloomy and overcast, the trees and ground still gleaming with water, but the rain had stopped. Not that it mattered. Not that he could leave now, even if he wanted to. The events of last night returned to him in a rush and he pulled his knees up to his chest, suddenly feeling very small in the big room. What am I going to do? Suddenly there was a knock at the door. “Who’s there?” he called out. He wondered why whoever it was bothered knocking, this was their home and he was their prisoner. “Not him,” a woman’s voice responded. He knew what she meant: not the master of the castle, the mysterious deep-voiced man who wouldn’t show his face. “Come in.” Maybe this person would give him answers. Hux’s stomach growled. Maybe they would feed him, as well. When the door opened Hux saw that it wasn’t a person at all, but another suit of armor, this one lighter and shinier than the others. He frowned. “Another one? Are there no people here?” “That depends on your definition of people,” the armor replied, startling Hux. He stared at it in disbelief. “Either this man is a genius,” he mumbled, “and has built a moving, speaking metal servant of some sort…or I’m losing my mind.” “Neither, I’m afraid,” the metallic voice sounded almost amused. “It’s quite a long story. You’ll have time to hear it. For now, perhaps some breakfast?” Hux placed a hand over his stomach. It had been over a day now since he’d last had a bite to eat. Wary as he was to give in to this absurdity, if he wanted to find a way out he needed his strength. He rose from the bed, a little shaky on his feet. The armor held out a hand to help but he just looked at it skeptically. “It’s bad enough that you talk, now you have the capacity to worry?” He felt ridiculous talking to a suit of armor. Then again, it wasn’t much different than speaking to his cat. At least the armor answered. “I have the capacity to do a lot of things, sir, ” and was that sarcasm Hux detected? He must be losing his mind. He followed the armor out in to the hall, back down the steps and then down a corridor. In the daylight he could see more of the castle’s interior. Like the bedroom, it was clean and tidy, but still seemed neglected somehow. He thought about the silver armor’s earlier words. That depends on your definition of people . Did no one live here? Was it inhabited only by these strange, animated suits and their creator? “What do I even call you?” “I’m Captain Phasma,” she replied, “but just call me Phasma. The others you met are the palace guards, the prince’s knights.” “The prince?” “You met him, too.” Hux thought back to the eerily soft, almost inhuman voice, two eyes in the darkness. “Your prince has a flair for the dramatic, doesn’t he?” This earned him a tinny chuckle. “That’s putting it kindly.” She paused. Her voice grew solemn. “He doesn’t like to be seen. When you do see him, you’ll understand.” Hux couldn’t help the curiosity that spurred in him. He wanted to see this man, whoever he was, if for no other reason than to give him a well-earned right hook. Phasma led him to the kitchen, where to Hux’s surprise there were plates of food already laid out on the countertop. “Do you have a cook?” he asked. “Not exactly.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” “I’m not sure you’re ready to know.” Hux couldn’t help feeling offended. “Try me.” Phasma stared at him – if she could stare – then relented and spoke aloud, but not to Hux. “You heard him.” Completely on their own, things began to move: the stove lit up, a pan floated from the counter to settle on top of it, a knife began chopping some onions, a kettle poured tea into a waiting cup. The cup floated over to Hux, who swept his hands above and below it, searching for strings. There were none. He took the cup and gaped down at the dark liquid, stunned speechless. “How…” he managed. “This castle is cursed. Or enchanted, if you prefer. As I said, it’s a long story.” A pause, then, “you’ll have to let me know how the food is; I can’t have any myself.” The scent of the food hit Hux just then and his stomach gave another gurgle. Enchanted or not, food was food. Trying to shake off the shock, he took a plate and ventured into the dining room. Phasma allowed him to eat in peace and process what he had just seen. Hux should have been thinking of how to escape, but instead, he found himself trying to come up with possible explanations for the moving household objects. He didn’t buy Phasma’s “enchanted” nonsense. There was no such thing as enchanted castles, curses, magic. Not outside of storybooks. He finished off two plates of food and felt worlds better than the night before. He was still at a loss for what to do next, but with dry clothes and a full stomach, he felt more like himself. His mood was dampened by a clap of thunder from outside. He moved to the window to find it was pouring again. Even if he could find a way out, he’d be in much the same situation as yesterday. So far, he hadn’t been threatened or harmed here, so he didn’t feel any immediate danger in staying at least until the weather improved. Hux was a patient man. He could wait. In the meantime, he decided, he’d learn his way around. Maybe he would find possible exits, or learn the secrets behind the strange things he’d witnessed here. He spent the morning exploring the halls and rooms of the main floor. These included a kitchen, pantry, and dining room, an opulent great hall, two studies, and more bedrooms. He opted to save the second level for another day, and the cellar and towers for another. Not once did he run into the enigmatic prince, though at times he could swear he was being watched. Every time, he’d turn to find no one there, not even a knight or the captain. By mid-afternoon he found himself in a sitting room near the back of the castle. Hux opened the curtains partway to look out at the terrace, and just beyond it, a garden. The garden ended with the side of the mountain, and was bordered on either side by tall hedges. Hux mentally noted not to try to leave that way. Though it was early, he found he was tired. Yesterday’s journey had taken more out of him than he thought, along with the stress of being trapped in a strange place. He started a fire in the fireplace and settled onto the sofa to rest. * An hour later he was startled awake by the feeling that someone was looming over him. He bolted upright, panting heavily. No one was there, but the feeling of a presence remained. “Phasma? Is that you?” A familiar deep chuckle immediately told him he was wrong. It came from a corner of the room that the light from the window didn’t quite reach. Hux frowned. “Hiding in the shadows again, I see.” “You should be thanking me for that.” “Coward.” A sound almost like a snarl answered him, followed by the sudden phantom sensation of cold fingers around his neck. The man hadn’t moved, but now Hux could see the gleam of those eyes again. The pressure on his throat was light, not squeezing, but letting him know it could . Hux had no idea how he was doing that; another trick, he supposed. It was incredibly unsettling. Still, Hux held his head high and met the other’s eyes. “I simply wish to see who my gracious host is.” The invisible hand withdrew from his neck and Hux exhaled slowly in relief. He kept his eyes fixed on the corner, waiting. “You’ll be afraid,” the prince said. If Hux didn’t know any better he’d say he sounded nervous. “You weren’t worried about that when you were playing haunted castle last night.” A frustrated huff came from the corner. Hux tried not to grin. “Fine.” Hux stood to watch as the figure emerged from the shadows. A startled gasp fell from his lips before he could prevent it. This had to be a trick. The…man, Hux supposed, though he wasn’t so sure anymore, must have been nearly a head taller than him, but his posture was slouched as if to seem smaller. He had long limbs and a broad chest and shoulders, wrapped in black robes that may once have been regal and lovely but were now faded and tattered at the edges. His skin was a pale, sickly grey and dotted with dark, randomly placed freckles. Thick, messy black hair cascaded onto his shoulders. His face was long and angled, a large aquiline nose in the center and full lips which were pulled into a scowl revealing pointed canines. There were no whites to the eyes that peered at Hux, only inky blackness that reflected the flickering firelight. This was no man. This was some sort of monster. That can’t be , the rational part of Hux’s brain, still valiantly holding its ground, reminded him, there’s no such thing . Hux stepped closer. “Is this some sort of hideous disguise you use to scare people off?” The creature glared, a low growl coming from deep in his throat. “I think you’ll find it’s all very real.” He stepped closer as well until he and Hux were face to face in the center of the room. Hux looked him over, examining his features. It all seemed very real. He just didn’t understand how. And he wasn’t about to reach out and touch to find out. With a noncommittal shrug, Hux stepped back. “I expected worse, honestly, from all the fuss you made about it.” The prince’s scowl deepened, teeth bared, fists clenched at his sides. “ Worse ? I can show you worse…” “Oh please do.” “I will!” A sharp cough interrupted their building argument. Both turned sharply to see who had entered. Phasma stood in the doorway, flanked on either side by a knight. “Sorry to interrupt what I’m sure was a riveting conversation, sirs,” she said, “but it’s dinnertime.” “I’m not hungry,” the monster muttered, turning to storm from the room, dark cloak billowing dramatically behind him. Hux rolled his eyes. Great. He was the prisoner of an unsightly, oversized child. “Well, I am,” he told Phasma when the prince had gone, and followed her once more to the kitchen. * Over the next week, Hux continued his exploration of the castle. The second floor consisted mostly of bedrooms. Closer inspection led him to believe that they must have belonged to the household staff, though they were much nicer than he would have expected for that purpose. Then again, he’d never been in a castle before. The prince’s bedroom, and that of any other royals that may have lived here, must then be located in the towers, of which there were two. Hux remembered the vague instruction that he could go anywhere but the North Tower. That must be where the prince stayed, not wanting to be bothered. That was fine. Hux didn’t wish to bother him anyway. In the middle of the second floor there was also a large library. Hux was thrilled to discover it; he quickly gathered up a pile of books to bring to his bedroom. He still did not know how or when he would leave this place, and without any of his projects to work on, he feared boredom, tedium. To die here would be terrible, but to live here in idleness for countless months, his mind unchallenged and hands out of practice, would be a fate worse than death. When he felt he knew his way around enough not to get lost, he again endeavored leaving. Though he knew it was unlikely, he tried simply unlocking the front door, to no avail. In fact, he tried every door on the first floor, and they all refused to be unlocked. The prince watched all of this with growing amusement. Hux knew he was there but opted to ignore him, though it was difficult with the occasional dark chuckle or derisive commentary. The strange-looking man still tended to keep to the shadows, but would also pace along the wall or stand at the balcony at the top of the stairs, and against Hux’s better judgement, he accepted that this must truly be what he looked like and not some costume. He’d been forced to accept a lot of things in his short stay here. He had yet to get a closer look at Phasma or the knights but he had accepted that regardless of whatever made them tick, they definitely had some sort of sentience, and could understand what he said. Phasma was a wonder to him; she was not only sentient, but had a voice and a personality. He spoke to her frequently, finding it better than the empty silence of the huge castle or the irritating presence of its master. Further examination of the kitchen and other rooms confirmed that there was no mechanism controlling the objects that worked silently on their own. They seemed to have a routine, going about the same tasks in the same ways every day, but could also be ordered to do specific tasks. If Hux finished his meal and said he was done, the plate and silverware would drift off to the sink to be cleaned, or if he spilled something a mop and bucket could be summoned to clean it up. One afternoon Hux tried to test how far the enchantment went by calmly tipping a vase off a pedestal and watching it fall to the floor, vindictively hoping it was some sort of family heirloom. Before it hit the ground, it was caught in midair by some invisible force, and lifted back into place. From where he half-hid leaning against a pillar, the prince spoke, his arm extended in the direction of the vase. “Be careful what you break, you fool. Nothing here is as it seems.” Hux bristled at the insult. “What the hell is that supposed to mean.” But the prince had already gone before the words were out of his mouth. Hux made a note to ask Phasma about it later. He didn’t break anything else. Just in case. * “What do I even call you?” Hux asked one day while seeing if any of the windows would open. They would not. “And if it’s your majesty or master or something like that, you can forget it.” The prince was leaning against a windowsill opposite him radiating that infuriating smugness he always did when Hux tried in vain to find a way out. “Master? I like the sound of that.” “Forget I asked.” “Kylo Ren.” “What?” “That’s my name. Kylo Ren.” “That’s not a real name.” “It is, and it’s mine. You’re welcome to call me master if…” “Fine, Ren ,” Hux sneered. “And I suppose you’re wondering what mine is?” “Not really.” That made Hux’s blood boil. “It’s Hux,” he snapped, “My name is Hux, I’m from the city of Arkanis, my father fought in the war, and I…” He stopped. Suddenly he felt overwhelmed, humiliated, and tired all at once. This man had imprisoned him for nearly three weeks now; he’d frightened him and mocked him and couldn’t even be bothered to learn his name . And even that, his name, wasn’t his own. It was his father’s, and his father was a disgrace who never cared about him. Hux felt like nothing. He felt like less than nothing. Rallying what remained of his pride, he gave up at the window and walked briskly upstairs to his room. * “Sir.” “What?” “Don’t you think you’re being a little…” “A little what ?” “Childish?” Kylo shot her a dark look. “I didn’t ask him to show up here.” “Yes but you did decide to keep him here. It wouldn’t kill you to be civil.” “What good would that do? It won’t change what I am. It’s too late for me.” Phasma was silent so long Kylo began to think she’d dropped the matter entirely, when she spoke again, quietly, sounding somehow sad in spite of her distorted voice. “If you truly believe that, nothing I say will change your mind now. But you don’t have to spend your last few months being miserable, or making him miserable. I don’t want to see either. Don’t be so hard on him…or yourself.” With her usual clanking march, she left him alone in the room. Kylo silently cursed her insight. * Kylo stood at Hux’s door, fidgeting. At the sound of a creak to his left, he looked over to see one of the knights starting at him. “What are you looking at?” he growled. The knight’s mask quickly turned away. Kylo cleared his throat and took a deep breath. He lifted one large hand and rapped on the door. Silence. He scowled and knocked again. “What do you want?” came the muffled reply. “Come out of there.” Sheets rustling; the creak of a mattress; feet stomping. It didn’t open but when Hux spoke again it was closer and clearer. “What?” “I said come out. I need to talk to you” “You can talk to me here.” “You’re being…childish.” “ I’m being…” What followed was mostly just cursing. Kylo tuned Hux out. This wasn’t working. He wanted to give up and walk away, but one thought to the earful he was going to get from Phasma if he didn’t at least try was motivation enough to stay. He took a deep breath. “Please?” That stopped Hux’s tirade in its tracks. “Say that again.” “I said please. It’s not a foreign word to me, you know. Please come out.” A quiet click of the bolt and then the door cracked open, barely. A pair of icy blue eyes glared up at him. “Yes?” Kylo wasn’t sure what to say. He hadn’t thought this far ahead. “…so, your name is Hux?” “Yes.” “What kind of name is that?” The door slammed in his face. “What?!” Kylo didn’t understand. He was trying to be conversational. Admittedly, it wasn’t one of his strong points. He was a loner even before the curse, and since then it had been nearly ten years since he’d had a conversation with someone other than Phasma or one-sided arguments with his staff-turned-objects. He was more than a little rusty. But if Hux wasn’t going to try then neither was he. “Fine,” he snapped, “You can rot in there for all I care.” “Wasn’t that the plan?” Hux’s muffled voice was thick with emotion. “Keep me here until I die? Why don’t you just kill me and get it over with?” “Tempting,” Kylo growled before storming away. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The weeks dragged on. Hux watched the forest turn from lush green to rusty reds and oranges to dull brown. Frost licked at the window panes and the first snow flurries drifted from gray skies. As the color seeped from the world, so the determination seeped out of Hux. Every day that passed and he was no closer to leaving felt like a stone added to a bag he carried on his shoulders; enough weight and he would surely collapse. He ate and read, keeping his body healthy and his mind sharp more out of habit and boredom than anything else. He avoided Kylo Ren as much as he could and their few and far between interactions were full of barely restrained hostility. He spoke to Phasma often and came to trust her, odd as he still found her very existence. She mainly spoke of combat tactics and war history, which he found mildly interesting. In return he began telling her about the things he’d built and how they worked. Thus, their conversations were equal parts exchanging stories and interesting information and Hux venting about his most recent encounter with Ren. “He’s really not so bad once you get to know him,” Phasma responded one day. Hux only rolled his eyes in response. He was in the great hall with her and the knights. It was the biggest room in the castle and had the closest thing to ventilation without any windows being open. The huge stained glass windows let in more than enough light for the task at hand. The knights were lined up in a row and spaced out enough for Hux to walk between them. The creaking of their armor had been driving him absolutely mad and that morning he’d finally snapped. He convinced Phasma to convince Ren, who he refused to speak to after a heated exchange that morning, to find him some canisters of oil and a few basic tools. One by one, he oiled their joints and anywhere else that seemed to need it, then examined each one for broken parts and repaired them the best he could with limited resources. This also gave him an opportunity to – cautiously – open up their chest plates and peek inside. To his disappointment, they were hollow. Phasma asked him what he expected to find inside a suit of armor and he admitted to holding out hope that there was some logical explanation, some mechanism controlling them. Nothing made sense anymore. He just wanted something to make sense. This reminded him of something Ren had said a weeks ago, though it felt like much longer, the day he tried to break the vase. “Phasma, I wanted to ask you about something.” “I’ll do my best to answer.” “He said something strange to me a while back. About this castle.” “He?” “He! Ren. Don’t pretend you don’t know who I mean. That…creature you call a prince.” “Ah. Him.” “Yes him . Anyway, he said nothing here is as it seems. I gathered as much the moment a suit of armor started talking to me. But he also said to be careful what I break. What did he mean?” “You’re very curious, aren’t you?” “What happened to doing your best to answer?” Phasma sighed. “This castle, the prince, myself, the knights, and all the other inhabitants were cursed over nine years ago by a dark sorcerer.” “Other inhabitants? Where did they go?” “They’re still here.” “Do you mean…their bodies?” “No. I mean, that,” Phasma pointed to a quill pen that was hurriedly taking notes of their conversation in an open book on the table, “is the queen’s scribe. The spinning wheel in the bedroom next to yours is the seamstress. The knights are guards and I am their captain. Do you understand?” “So the curse…all these people were turned into objects?” “That’s correct. The problem is, I’m the only one who can communicate, some can’t even move, and not everyone was accounted for . Someone could be a button on a pair of trousers for all we know. That’s why this place is kept so pristine. It’s not as though we have anyone to impress. If we’re ever able to break the curse, we want everyone back in one piece.” Hux was silent, processing the new information. Accepting the enchantment had been difficult enough, but accepting that the cup he drank his tea from that morning might once have been a living person was an entirely different matter. “That’s awful,” he finally said. Then his mind backtracked. “You said a dark sorcerer? I thought those only existed in legends or horror stories.” “There aren’t many, but they exist. And they can be incredibly powerful.” “But why did he curse you?” “Do you want to hear the whole story? I told you, it’s long.” “If there’s one thing I’ve got, it’s time,” Hux said with a sigh. “Go ahead.” And so she did. Phasma told him everything she knew, from how Ren’s parents met, to what the castle had once been like under their rule, to Ren’s wish for power and subsequent curse, about the queen’s desperate attempt to curb its effects and about the crystal. He considered asking where this crystal was, but he had a sneaking suspicion that he already knew. Hux listened intently. By the end of her tale, he’d come to two conclusions. One was that he had much, much more learning about the world to do than he once thought. The other was that Kylo Ren was truly awful. He told Phasma as much. “And as I said, he’s really not so bad,” she said defensively. “You’re only saying that because he’s your master.” “Believe what you want.” Hux finished his examination and cleaning of the knights. He glanced at Phasma, his eyes moving inquiringly from her helmet down to the latch on the chest plate of her armor. “Don’t even think about it, sir.” * In the days that followed his conversation with Phasma, Hux found the curiosity that had begun to wane after weeks of tedium return. When he thought the North Tower only contained Ren’s quarters he had no interest in exploring it. In fact, he avoided it at all costs, to keep from running into the irksome man. But now Hux couldn’t stop wondering about the crystal Phasma spoke of, supposedly containing Ren’s light , whatever that meant. He’d been all over this godforsaken building and hadn’t seen anything that fit its description. Plus, something like that Ren would certainly want to keep close by for safekeeping. It had to be in or near his rooms. Hux wondered what other dark secrets he might find up there. Perhaps he’d even find some bargaining chip for his freedom. The hard part was figuring out when to go looking without Ren finding out. He spent most of his time up in that tower doing who knows what, perhaps practicing his strange, dark powers. Hux never saw him eat, though he was glad of that; who knew what a thing like him ate. The only time Ren left the castle was to collect firewood from a shed out in the gardens. That would have to suffice. One dreary day, snow began to fall in earnest and soon a layer formed on the hard ground. Hux waited in the sitting room, reading, but also listening for the creak that was the back door opening for Ren to go outside. There was the creak, and then… Click. The door shut and locked. Hux set his book aside and hurried out into the corridor and to the North Tower. He wasted no time ascending the stairs, taking them two at a time, until he was standing at the end of a short hallway. There were three doors: one on either side and one at the far end. Hux tried the one on his right first; to his surprise, it was unlocked. He peeked in to discover what must be where Ren practiced his dark magic. Books were stacked on a desk at one end, a mat and a straw dummy in the center, a shelf at the other end with jars and boxes, and hanging on the wall, a sword. Hux had never seen one quite like it: the cross guard was unusually long and either end of it was pointed and sheathed, as if there were smaller blades. Hux wanted to take the strange weapon down and give it a closer examination, but there wasn’t time for that, he still had two more rooms. He shut the door quietly and moved on to the next. The room opposite the training room must have been Ren’s bedroom. It was the only room in the castle that wasn’t in perfect order. In fact, it was a disaster. The blankets were tangled and falling off the bed. The curtains were torn, belongings were scattered across the floor, and the furniture looked as though it had been broken then put back together multiple times. Most alarming, though, were the long, shallow scratches all along the walls as though they’d been struck over and over again by something sharp. Hux glanced around for anything that might be of interest or important, or the right size and shape to contain a small object. Nothing stood out. Hux wanted to look around more, but he told himself it could wait, he could come up another time. He left the bedroom and headed to the room at the end of the hall. This room was wide and high-ceilinged and the wall opposite the door curved with the shape of the tower. A large window led out to a balcony that overlooked the side of the castle and the woods. The room was sparsely decorated: dark red curtains, a rug that took up most of the stone floor, a fireplace that looked like it hadn’t been used in ages, and above the mantel a large frame. Whatever was in it had been torn out, a few edges of canvas still poking from the edges but not nearly enough to discern what the image had been. But Hux couldn’t have cared less because there, on the mantel, on a black cushion covered with a glass case, sat a red stone. Hux walked to the fireplace and stared at the gem cautiously. For all the fuss, Hux had expected it to be bigger, or set in some sort of crown or necklace, but it was only about the size of a walnut. The only notable quality was that it seemed to have a faint glow to it. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been up there, but surely another minute couldn’t hurt. Very slowly he lifted the glass case and set it beside the cushion. When nothing unpleasant happened, he reached out his hand until it was hovering just above the surface. Warmth radiated from the crystal. “Don’t. Touch that.” A chill went up Hux’s spine at the deep voice from the doorway, the words half spoken and half snarled. “Why not?” Hux barely willed his voice not to shake. “I thought I told you not to come up here.” The voice was closer. Hux moved his hand away from the crystal and turned slowly. Ren was prowling across the room towards him, shoulders hunched, fists clenched at his sides. His narrowed gaze kept darting from Hux’s face to the crystal. Hux stepped to the side, edging towards the door. “I don’t see what the big deal is…” “I spared your life. You’ve been fed, clothed, kept warm. I’ve allowed you to live very comfortably here.” Ren’s voice grew louder with every word. Hux opened his mouth to remind him that he didn’t even want to be here in the first place, but Ren’s tirade continued. “All I asked was that you stayed out of this one part of the castle. Was that too much to ask?” Hux swallowed and raised his chin defiantly. “Apparently so.” In an instant, Ren was upon him. Standing at his full height, he loomed over Hux, cornering him against the wall, his clawed hands on either side of Hux’s head. He was breathing heavily and his teeth were bared, his eyes pitch black as they seemed to glare into Hux’s very soul. Hux managed not to let his growing fear show on his face, but he could not stop his hands from shaking. “I should have known you’d be trouble,” Ren rumbled, “knew I should have killed you…” “You keep saying that!” Hux snapped before he could control himself. “But you won’t just do it, because you’re a damn coward! You–” Hux’s words were cut short by a light but steady pressure on his neck. Ren’s hands remained on the wall. The pressure didn’t squeeze or hurt, yet, but it was enough to make him gasp. Then the pressure increased, just a little, and he tried to struggle against it but found himself pinned not by Ren’s body but by some invisible force. His eyes widened as he began to come to terms with the notion that Ren very well might kill him this time. Ren smirked. “Pathetic,” Ren taunted. “Even if I did kill you, would anyone notice? Would anyone care ? No one’s come for you, have they? Even if you did escape, what’s out there for you? You don’t seem like a stupid man…there must be something you want. It must eat you up inside to know you’ll never have it.” The room went silent. Then the silence was broken by a short, hitched breath from Hux. Then another. And another. Hot tears began to slip down his cheeks, which were burning red with shame. He gritted his teeth and tried his best to glare at Ren but the effect was dampened by the utter misery on his face. Ren must have expected him to fight back, because his smirk faltered and he blinked at Hux. “You can talk, I’m not squeezing that hard.” The pressure loosened a little; Hux only turned his head away. “…fine. Get out.” Ren released his hold and stepped back. Hux took several deep breaths, his gaze lowered to the ground at Ren’s feet. “It’s not,” he rasped, “it’s not your hideous face or – or your strange powers that make you an absolute monster. It’s this. It’s just… you .” Hux fled, leaving Ren staring at the wall. Ren carefully replaced the glass over the crystal and gazed down at its glow, which grew dimmer every day. “I know,” he whispered to the empty room. Notes: I'm touched by everyone's concern for Millie. Worry not. She is fine, and Hux will see her again. Chapter 5 Notes: This one is short, and not a whole lot happens, but I think the next one will make up for that.. Hux remained in his room for a week. Phasma tried to talk to him but he wouldn’t answer; she tried to open the door but he had it locked and bolted. The knights brought him food which he only accepted to make them stop knocking, but barely ate any. Reading didn’t hold his interest long, so he’d spend long hours staring at the canopy of his bed and imagining all the things he’d never do. Ren didn’t come by. Good , Hux thought. He didn’t know if he could stand to hear his wretched voice or see those terrible eyes. Anger dulled to bitterness which drew dangerously close to apathy. Yet still Hux’s spirit, or perhaps his stubbornness, burned on like a hot coal deep within him. It fueled him through this the way it had fueled him through a lonely childhood, an arduous education and years of barely getting by. On the eighth day, the fire raged. When a knight brought his lunch, he accepted it and ate the whole thing. He glanced over the room for any belongings of his, but there was nothing. That was okay; he didn’t want to be weighed down anyway. He dressed warmly and found a thick wool coat in the wardrobe. Figuring the owner would probably never need it again, he only felt a little guilty taking it. He waited until mid-afternoon when he was fairly certain Ren would be up in his tower. He slipped out into the corridor and downstairs, keeping an eye out for Phasma or any of the guards. None were around, the castle even more eerily silent than usual without their movements echoing through the halls. Hux already knew every window and door that wouldn’t work. But there was one he hadn’t tried. The sitting room on the main floor was as blessedly empty as the rest of the halls. He slipped in undetected and went straight for the large back window. A glass door in the center of it opened out into the gardens. He’d told himself there was no point trying this way, that getting through the thick hedges and around the side of castle would be too difficult and he’d be caught before he reached the front. But desperate times called for desperate measures, and Hux was desperate . With a deep breath he grasped the handle. He steeled himself for the disappointment that would follow if it was locked. His hand shook. If it was locked he was out of ideas, out of hope. He didn’t want to crush that last bit of it. He had to leave. He couldn’t move. He needed to move. The distant sound of metal footsteps on the stone floors out in the hall was all the motivation he needed. With a sharp inhale he pressed down on the handle and pushed. The door stuttered from disuse, but cracked open. Hux released the breath and blinked rapidly as a gust of cold, fresh air hit his face. A thick layer of snow greeted him as he slipped outside. His feet sunk in well above his ankles, but it was not nearly enough to discourage him, not when he finally had this first taste of freedom. He quietly shut the door and trudged through, turning up the collar of the coat as he went to shield his ears against the bitter cold. He almost, almost longed for the thick duvet in his cozy room. But – no. It wasn’t his room. It was Ren’s, all of it, and he needed to leave because he was decidedly not Ren’s. Without leaves to thicken them the hedges seemed much more manageable than they had a couple months ago. Hux found the branches were brittle and so he began pushing through, ignoring the way they scratched at his face and clothes and caught in his hair in favor of the bright lure of escape. Within minutes he was through to the other side and could see around the side of the building. There was a thin strip of ground circling the castle walls, a couple feet wide, dropping steeply off into what had once been a moat, now dried up and full of dead plants and fallen snow. Hoping the path led all the way to the front, he pressed close to the wall and made his way alongside the building. He stumbled a few times, but caught himself, resolving not to end up in the ditch. Both dying down there and being found there by Ren were equally awful prospects. To Hux’s relief, the stretch of land led all the way to the flat front grounds of the castle, covered in more fresh, unblemished snow. The bridge and beyond it the front gate called to him like a siren’s song. With a cautious glance behind him, then around the front of the building and up to the windows, he continued forward until he reached that same gap in the dark metal of the gate that he’d slipped through all those weeks ago. He took a moment to cringe with regret at ever coming here, at all the time lost, but shook away the thought. It was over now. He was leaving. Stepping out into the woods felt unreal. He kept expecting to hear a familiar snarl or feel a clawed hand on his shoulder, but no such horror came. With one last scornful glance at the castle that had been his prison, he set forth. * “Sir.” Kylo huffed irritably as he returned from his training room to find Phasma in his bedroom, a fire started as he had requested. He had not asked her to stay and keep him company. “What?” He threw himself into his chair, letting his long arms flop over the sides as he closed his eyes. “It’s been over a week now.” “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” “You know exactly what I’m talking about.” Kylo didn’t respond, so Phasma continued, her frustration evident in her voice. “He’s been in there over a week. He barely eats, doesn’t talk. You said you wouldn’t kill him. But this is killing him, slowly. You have to do something.” At that, Kylo opened one eye in her direction, then closed it again and sighed. “What would you have me do? Force feed him like a child?” “An apology couldn’t hurt.” Kylo sat up abruptly, his hands gripping the arms of the chair as he stared Phasma down. “He’s the one who was poking around where he had no right to be.” “Can you blame him? If you two stopped bickering for a moment and just talked you’d know he’s incredibly clever and very curious. He was bound to end up there sometime. There was no need to frighten him, or hurt him.” Kylo’s fierce glare jolted into alarm. “Hurt him? I didn’t hurt him.” “Didn’t you?” Phasma inquired softly. Slowly, Kylo sat back, his eyes still on her but his mind distracted by the memory of Hux’s face, flushed with rage and damp with tears. He swallowed loudly. “He…he doesn’t want to talk to me. What could I possibly say after… that ?” “As I said. An apology couldn’t hurt.” Loud footsteps followed by a sharp knock grabbed their attention. A knight stood in the entrance, one fist on the door and the other hand pointing toward the stairs. It stared expectantly at Kylo and Phasma and they stared back. “Well?” Kylo finally growled. The knight only pointed more intensely to the stairs. Grumbling, Kylo got up and stomped out into the hall and down the steps, followed at a much slower pace by Phasma and the knight. When he reached the main floor he began searching for whatever the problem was. “Sir.” He spun around and saw Phasma standing by the knight, who was standing by the entrance to the sitting room, pointing inside. He hurried in and, finding nothing amiss, turned to scowl at the armor. “Why are we down here?” Unfazed, the knight’s outstretched arm shifted so that he was pointing at the window. Kylo walked over to it and looked outside. Deep footprints in the snow trailed through the garden and over to the bushes, where broken branches lay scattered about. Dread crept into Kylo so gradually he didn’t become aware of it until it filled him. “That idiot ,” he hissed, “he’ll freeze out there!” “Well, that certainly solves the problem of having to apologize to him, doesn’t it?” He hadn’t even heard Phasma enter the room. “What are you saying?” He couldn’t wrap his mind around her words, too startled by the discovery to grasp the sarcasm. He began pacing. “He doesn’t even know his way back to the village! The sun will go down in a few hours and it will be colder than anyone could possibly survive.” “And?” Phasma prompted. “And?!” He stopped in his tracks and gaped at her. “Do you think I want him dead?” Phasma barely held back an exasperated sigh. Some days he was truly still like a child. “Sir, the point I have been trying to make to you is that no, you do not want him dead. Or gone.” You want him here . She didn’t say the words, but Kylo somehow knew them. Phasma was right just as Hux had been right. He’d had plenty of chances to kill him, or could have set him free at any point, but he had done neither. Not out of mercy or cruelty respectively, but because the presence of another person, even one he argued with constantly, had been too alluring in his loneliness. The sounds of Hux wandering the halls or pulling books off the library shelves or cleaning the knights’ armor, being able to observe these activities from the shadows, hadn’t quite filled his emptiness, but it had draped a veil over it, so it didn’t ache so strongly. With him gone, dead because of Kylo’s negligence, and only a few months away from a life of servitude to the monster who had taken everything from him, Kylo thought he might go mad. “I’m going to find him,” he whispered. Not two minutes later, bundled in his warmest clothes and his cloak, he swept out the front door of the castle and disappeared into the forest. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It felt like Hux had been walking for hours, though it could barely have been one. Cold filled his veins and sunk into his bones and gripped at his heart. His fingers, toes, nose, and ears were numb and the numbness was beginning to spread up his limbs. It was going from uncomfortable to dangerous. Still, he lumbered on, unsure if he was even going in the right direction. Even his mind felt numb, but he had enough clarity to know that if he didn’t find shelter soon, he’d die. Just when he thought it couldn't get any worse, he heard a low growl from the trees to his left. His first thought was that it was Ren. He'd never heard Ren growl before but it didn't seem outside the realm of possibility. Being caught escaping should have terrified him but he was too cold to care anymore. Another growl. Hux managed to turn to glare halfheartedly at the source of the sound. His heart dropped into his stomach. A hairy, hulking form with gleaming eyes lurked a few yards away, standing on all fours. It was clear from a glance that it wasn't Ren. Fear shot up Hux's spine as the thing began to move towards him. He tried to take a few steps away but his legs had other plans; he stumbled and fell face first into the snow. Shaking, he clamored up to his knees and turned onto his back to watch the creature - a large bear, he could now tell - continue to prowl closer. Its lips were pulled back around a snarl revealing sharp teeth dripping drool. It was hungry, Hux realized with another jolt of terror. Freezing to death had seemed like the worst that could happen a moment ago. Now he'd gladly take that over being eaten alive. His survival instincts kicked in even as his limbs felt like deadweight and he backed away until he hit a tree. He thought woefully of Millicent, hoping she hadn't met a similar fate. His chin trembled. He wanted to cry, his pride be damned, but it felt as though even his tear ducts were frozen. This was it. As the bear began to lunge, he squeezed his eyes shut, praying it would be painless... The bear's snarl was cut off by a loud thump followed by a more agitated snarl, now farther away. When no pain followed, he dared to peek one eye open. A tall figure clad in black clothes and a thick, hooded black cloak stood between Hux and the bear, which was struggling to stand back up from the snow, teeth bared. The figure turned to Hux. Dark hair, dark eyes on a strange face. Ren. An inexplicable relief surged in Hux's chest. He managed to rise to his feet. "Stay there while I handle this," Ren snapped. "I-I was handling it j-just fine," Hux bit back through chattering teeth. "You were h– it was practically on top of you, you fool! Unless you're hiding a knife in that coat of yours, I -" Ren's words erupted into a scream that echoed through the forest, his mouth wide open and eyes squeezed shut in sudden, unexpected agony as the bear’s claws dug into his side. There was a burst of red and Ren stumbled forward, gasping, the claws dragging through fabric and flesh as he fell. He quickly, shakily propped himself up on his forearms and shot a fierce glare at Hux. “Run,” he hissed, before rolling over onto his back. Just as the bear lunged again. Ren fell back beneath it and his hand shot forward. For one terrible moment Hux thought the bear was going to bite it off, but then…then a pulse of that familiar invisible force from Ren’s palm threw the creature backwards. It landed with a solid thump in the snow. Anxious silence followed as they watched the animal rise to its feet. Hux looked around for a rock, a branch, anything to defend himself, just in case. Ren’s hand was still extended in front of him. The bear took one look at him, whimpered as it backed away, then limped off in defeat. Hux released a breath as relief washed over him. It was short lived, however, as he realized that now he had Ren to deal with. He stood as tall as he could on his shaking legs and waited. Ren’s arm dropped heavily to the ground. He didn’t get back up. Hux took a few steps towards him, frowning. Surely he wasn’t dead? He dared to step a little closer until he could see the subtle rise and fall of Ren’s chest. Not dead, then. Hux stood over the large figure and looked down at him, a mess of torn black cloth and messy black hair and crimson blood rapidly staining the pure white snow. Ren did not look at him, his resigned gaze fixed on the sky. Hux’s brain screamed for him to move, to get away, out of the cold and to let this monster die here. Slowly he felt his legs obey, turning him from the scene and taking a few steps from the clearing. From behind him, he heard a small, pained noise. The sound tugged at something in Hux, caused an uncomfortable throbbing deep in his chest. He froze in his tracks. He looked over his shoulder to see that Ren’s eyes were now squeezed shut. Sharp, violent tremors ran through his body, with wet, hitched breaths almost like… Almost like sobs. Hux ignored the persistent nagging of his logical mind for a moment and stepped closer again. Sure enough, a gleaming dampness coated Ren’s pale cheeks that hadn’t been there a moment ago. It was just snow. If Hux could just convince himself of that, he could walk away. Go home. Oddly enough, it was the memory of home, if he could even call it that, which gave him pause. Or, more accurately, the memory of his father. His cruel voice telling his tearful son to walk away from the wounded wolf pup he’d come across, that there was no point in helping it, to let nature take its course, that it could only grow up to be dangerous. The creature had whimpered pitifully and Hux, barely ten years old, had felt a tug in his chest then, just as he did now. Except this isn’t a baby animal , his mind reminded him, it’s a monster, it kept you against your will . He saved your life, whispered another part of Hux, he could have let you die. Why didn’t he let you die? Before he knew it, he stood by Ren again, crouched down beside him and leaned over to look at his face. Ren’s eyes cracked open a sliver and peered up at him, cloudy and unfocused, then slid shut again. Even with adrenaline still surging through his veins it took a great deal of effort to pull Ren into a sitting position. Getting him on his feet seemed impossible but Hux angled him just so and managed to stand, Ren’s arm draped over his shoulders and his considerable weight propped up against him. Walking would be another matter. The snow was several inches deep, hard to walk in on his own, let alone dragging another. He took a single step and was nearly thrown off balance. This wasn’t going to work. “Ren,” he gritted out, “help me, you oaf.” He shook him a little. Ren only groaned in response. “Ren. Kylo .” Ren stirred. His eyes blinked open, his expression still pained but also confused at suddenly finding himself upright. “You have to walk,” Hux commanded. “You’re too heavy for me to carry and if I drag you we’ll never be back before nightfall. Come on.” Hux took another step and after a moment of dazed hesitation, felt a little of the weight he was supporting ease up. He still had to lean heavily into Hux, but it was enough that once Ren started taking wobbly steps of his own, they were able to move forward. It was then that Hux remembered the blood still steadily seeping from Ren’s side. He’d never make it back at this rate. Steadying Ren the best he could with one arm, he reached the other up to pull off his cowl. He managed to tie it around Ren’s waist. Whether it would be enough only time would tell, but he resolved to keep moving. It still took nearly an hour to get back to the castle. Once they did, Hux took a moment to catch his breath, Ren’s own labored breathing loud next to his ear. Then, to Hux’s surprise, Ren raised one shaking hand to the door, palm forward. With a click and a groan, it opened enough for Hux to lug him inside. “Phasma!” he shouted once the door had slammed shut behind him. Ren’s weight was growing heavier against him and as quickly as he could, Hux maneuvered him into the sitting room before he collapsed. Hux deposited his massive form onto the sofa with a grunt, careful to lay him on his uninjured side. Ren’s eyes fluttered shut. His face was damp with sweat, snow, tears, his hair plastered to his neck and forehead, his dark robes soaked and bloodstained. To Hux’s relief, a fire was already roaring in the fireplace. Phasma must have anticipated at least Ren’s return, if not Hux’s. For a moment, he imagined Ren coming back without finding him. Then he imagined his own body still out in the snow, mangled and bloody and frozen solid, eyes wide and unseeing. He shuddered and shook his head to rid himself of the image. There were clanking footsteps in the doorway followed by a sharp gasp. “What happened?” Phasma asked, taking in Ren’s appearance and then Hux’s. It was only then that Hux thought about the sight he must be: shivering, hair a mess, coat torn and bloody, still panting from exertion. “We were attacked by an animal,” he said simply. The whole story could wait. “He’s injured. I need water, towels, and bandages, and something for the pain, if you have it. In fact, bring any medical supplies you can find.” Phasma stomped away and Hux turned his attention back to Ren. He began by removing the layers of clothing, a difficult task with Ren half-conscious and flinching with every movement, but he managed. He stripped him down to just his trousers, even removing his boots as an afterthought. It wasn’t necessary, but perhaps Ren would be more comfortable. Hux briefly wondered why he cared whether or not Ren was comfortable. But there was no time to think about that. Hux tossed the ruined robes into a heap on the floor. There was blood everywhere; Hux grabbed Ren’s crumpled shirt from the pile and tried in vain to wipe some of it away. The action made him writhe, a high whine slipping through his clenched teeth. “Sorry,” Hux mumbled, then pressed the shirt firmly to the wound. Ren groaned in protest but Hux maintained a steady pressure, staunching the flow of blood. “It’s for your own good. Calm down.” But Ren didn’t calm down. His breaths became erratic, his groans grew louder and his clawed hands grasped the edge of the couch, puncturing holes in it. He tried to squirm away from Hux but there was nowhere to go. “I said calm down!” Hux tried to sound authoritative, though he certainly didn’t feel it. This was out of his depth on so many levels. He held the bunched up cloth against the wound with one hand and placed the other on Ren’s heaving chest. He felt his rapidly thudding heart and it occurred to him for the first time that Ren had a heart. Hux began to rub slow, gentle circles over the smooth skin there and whispered “calm down, calm down” to him over and over again. Gradually, Ren’s frantic movements ceased. Hux continued the soothing motion until Phasma returned with two knights in tow, carrying the things Hux had requested. He thanked her and took the bowl of water and the towels. When he turned back to Ren, he found two dark eyes looking up at him. “I’m going to clean your wound, and bandage it,” Hux told him evenly. “Will you let me do that?” Ren nodded weakly. “Good.” Hux gently cleaned the bloodied area as best he could until he could better see what he was working with. Three long, deep gashes marred the gray skin, so pale now it was almost white. Hux paled too when he realized that they would need to be stitched shut, and that he was the only one who could do so. He swallowed and steeled himself. Hux fixed things. He would fix this. Working quickly, he dug through the medical supplies until he found a needle and suture thread. He boiled water over the fire, sterilized both, then returned to Ren’s side and sat at the edge of the couch. “This is going to hurt,” he told him. He felt a pang of sympathy at the fear in Ren’s eyes and quickly added, “but it will be over soon, I promise. Just…hold on to something.” One of Ren’s hands fumbled around awkwardly, searching for something to cling to. He found the bottom of Hux’s tunic and grasped a handful of it. His other hand maintained its grip on the sofa cushion. Hux took a steadying breath. Then he set to work, his nimble fingers working steadily to close the cuts, occasionally wetting more towels and wiping away the blood so he could see what he was doing. Ren struggled to remain still, his whole body shuddering, the fist around Hux’s shirt tightening until his knuckles were white and the other tearing at the fabric of the cushion until the filling poked out. He muffled his moans into the pillow. The room shook as his control over his powers slipped, candles rattling in their holders, the fire flaring up and flickering dangerously, his pain palpable in the very air around them. Hux bit his lip and focused, fighting against the urge to stop and let him have a moment of reprieve. This needed to be done. But it was awful. Then it was over. Hux let out a relieved breath as he tied the knot on the final suture and cut the thread away. He took a clean, wet cloth and wiped up the remaining blood, then washed his own shaking hands. Ren’s moans died into quiet whimpers, his violent trembles into light tremors. Hux placed a hand on his back and softly stroked up and down the quivering muscles, the other hand finding Ren’s face, guiding it out from the pillow. He wiped at the tears he found there, trying to exude as much reassurance as he could. “It’s done,” he breathed, as much to himself as to the other man. “It’s done.” Ren’s eyes opened and he stared at Hux, bottom lip trembling. As Hux’s gentle caress continued, he relaxed. He pressed his clammy cheek into Hux’s open palm and exhaled slowly. The warm breath tickled Hux’s forearm and gave him goosebumps. He was suddenly aware of their close proximity; it was the closest they’d ever been, other than that day in the tower. In fact, Hux couldn’t remember ever touching him before today. But he didn’t even consider pulling away. Ren seemed to need this and in some strange way it was helping Hux, too. He sat with him like that for several long minutes, stroking gently and letting them both regain their composure. Ren’s breathing evened out but he remained awake, his long lashes brushing Hux’s hand as he blinked drowsily. Movement out of the corner of his eye finally pulled Hux’s attention away. Phasma was holding out a small container. Hux reluctantly removed his hands from Ren and took it. He opened it and was hit by a sharp smell; he dipped his fingers in and rubbed the goopy substance between them. It was some sort of salve. “To help with the pain,” Phasma explained, “and prevent infection.” Hux set the container in his lap and took a generous amount, which he carefully applied to the tender skin. Ren flinched and Hux’s free hand immediately moved to his chest again; Ren calmed almost instantly. When Hux was finished, he sat back and let the balm settle in. He could tell the moment it started to take effect by the way tension seeped out of Ren’s body. “You’re going to need to sit up a little for me to bandage it,” he said. Ren pouted and Hux almost laughed. He could hardly blame him for not wanting to move after that. “Just for a moment.” With a groan, Ren propped himself up on one arm, his face pinched. Hux watched the stitched up area carefully in case anything started bleeding again. To his relief, it didn’t. Ren got himself partially upright but struggled to hold himself there. Hux took pity on him and tugged at his shoulders, easing him until he slumped forward with his head on Hux’s shoulder. His skin was worryingly cold where Hux could feel Ren’s forehead pressed to his neck. Hux took a patch of gauze and a roll of bandages from one of the knights. Gently but snugly he bandaged Ren’s side. When he was done, he expected Ren to plop back over, but he remained where he was, breathing slowly and deeply. Hux didn’t have it in him to push him off, or even to roll his eyes or make a remark. He was exhausted and shaken and confused but above all grateful to be alive , not torn to pieces or slowly freezing to death. He let Ren stay a moment, then helped him lie down. By now Ren was half asleep, but he kept his drooping gaze fixed on Hux. “Get some rest,” Hux told him while pulling a blanket over him; it barely covered his huge form and his feet poked out at the end. Hux moved to pull away when he felt a tug at his clothing. He glanced down to see Ren’s long fingers still holding onto his tunic. Ren was watching him, an unspoken question in his eyes. “I’ll stay,” Hux quickly added. It was the right thing to say. With a soft sigh, Ren let his eyes drift shut and dozed off. Hux went upstairs to change into dry clothes. When he returned, the knights had taken away the pile of bloodied towels and Ren’s clothes and left a fresh bowl of water along with the case of medical supplies. A cot, pillow, and blankets lay on the floor not far from the couch. The knights were gone and only Phasma stood guard at the doorway. Her gaze – or where Hux tended to think it was in the visor of her helmet – met his and she nodded in silent thanks. He shrugged vaguely, too tired to think let alone speak, and collapsed onto the cot. Notes: Writing this part felt a bit like reaching the top of a coaster and then screaming at the plunge down. I hope you guys liked it and I hope you're ready for some overdue bonding. :) Thanks for sticking with me this far. <3 Chapter 7 Notes: Finally we can get to the good stuff!! ~bonding~ Kylo often had nightmares but he rarely dreamed. Now, though, he dreamed the same thing nearly every night. Through half-opened eyelids, a gray sky, dark tips of tree branches reaching up like claws. Pain. Fear. Then a head of windblown copper hair. Then a face. Pink lips, blue eyes, pale lashes, a splash of freckles. A face he’d come to know so well and yet in this light it looked new, soft in a way it never had before. An arm reaching towards him. Relief. Gratitude. In those dreams, just like in that moment, he was the most beautiful thing Kylo had ever seen. * “How does it feel today?” Hux was sitting on the edge of the couch, carefully removing Ren’s bandages. It had been a week and a half since that day in the woods and his wounds were healing nicely. Hux had been beyond relieved when he became certain they weren’t going to get infected. That was something even he wasn’t sure he could handle. The skin on Ren’s side was still pink and slightly tender around the healing cuts but otherwise looked fine. Hux set about his daily routine of gently cleaning the area and applying the balm to it. Ren flinched a little but didn’t protest. In fact, Hux found he calmed down from his near-constant state of agitation every time Hux so much as sat beside him or set a hand on his skin, which was convenient. His skin was still cold to the touch but Hux realized after the first few days that it was neither from blood loss nor the weather, that it must always be that way. "Sore. Itchy." "Don't you dare scratch it." "I wasn't going to," Ren grumbled into the pillow. He was quivering a little, as he did every time he had to move and allow Hux to treat the wounds. Once the painkilling effect of the balm kicked in he'd settle down; until then, Hux kept a placating hand on his shoulder, his thumb brushing up and down absentmindedly. "Are you cold?" Ren shook his head. They sat in silence. "Thank you," Ren mumbled, so quietly Hux almost thought he’d imagined it. He motioned to his side in explanation. Hux cleared his throat. He suddenly missed their old arguing. It had been tiresome but at least it was familiar territory. Now that the urgency had settled, things were strange. They’d returned from the cold woods different from when they’d entered. Hux didn’t know what to think anymore. "Well. It was the least I could do. You saved my life." "And you saved mine. Besides, I was merely protecting my secret." That made Hux look him in the eye. If Hux had died out there, frozen to death or torn apart by wild animals, that would have protected the castle and its secrets. They both knew it. Saving him, though...Hux couldn't figure out what had possessed Ren to do that. Several retorts sat on the tip of his tongue, but he withheld them. There was no reason to call Ren’s bluff, not now, when they'd finally reached a small peace between them. When Ren’s fidgeting eased, Hux applied new bandages and began to move away. He was stopped by Ren’s hand on his arm, a touch so light he almost didn’t feel it. "Wait, um. Just. Wait. Please." Hux had never heard Ren sound so beseeching before, so with a curious frown he eased back onto the edge of the sofa. Ren removed his hand, looking like he wanted to say something. He began toying with the edge of his bandages until Hux huffed and grabbed his long fingers to still them. Seeing no other option, he set the hand on his lap and held it down with both of his own, his expression daring Ren to try tampering with his handiwork again. This only seemed to further impede Ren’s ability to speak. He stared at their hands like the answer to some important question was held between them. Hux grew impatient. "Is there something you need? Because if not, it's nearly lunchtime and I'd really like–” "I'm sorry," Ren blurted out. Hux gaped at him. "I'm sorry," Ren repeated, "for, uh, attacking you like that. And for...what I said. That was cruel. I'm not always...I wasn't always…like that. That’s not the point, the point is…you…didn’t deserve that.” Ren paused, looking uncertain, then added quietly, “or any of this. And then you saved me, and I don’t know what to…how to, um…” Stunned speechless, Hux didn’t even consider interrupting, though Ren was rambling at this point. His hand was twitching in Hux's grasp and Hux held firm. "Anyway, I overreacted and…I'm very sorry. That's...all." Hux was surprised to even be receiving an apology. While he was still frustrated by the time lost being kept against his will, with sudden clarity he realized that he’d never truly been in danger here. While Ren was volatile and hot-tempered, he wasn’t sadistic. He’d probably have tired of Hux eventually and let him leave, or been collected by his master and Hux would have been free to go. As for that day in the tower, he went over it in his mind, tried to relive the rage and despair he’d felt, but it was gone. For reasons he couldn’t quite fathom, he was no longer angry. There was also the odd nature of Ren’s apology. He said it with finality, as though he didn’t actually expect Hux to accept it. As though he had already come to terms with its rejection. While Hux sorted out his thoughts, Ren had slipped his hand from Hux's grasp and was lying on his good side, staring at the wall, his large body curled in a crescent around Hux. Hux watched the slow rise and fall of his ribs and the blinking of his dark lashes. He seemed so human. An exceedingly maladjusted human, perhaps, but then so was Hux in his own way. “What you said,” Hux mused out loud, drawing Ren’s attention back to him, “you were right about one thing.” “What do you mean?” “No one will notice that I’m gone. Well, one person, maybe,” he amended, remembering Maz with a twinge of regret. “But no one cares, and certainly no one is coming for me.” Ren’s brow furrowed but he didn’t interrupt. “We’re alike in that way. Alone in the world. Well, if one doesn’t count living cutlery and footstools and such.” He glanced at Ren with a smirk. “And I also would have been furious if I caught someone trying to take something valuable from me. So in a way I suppose I…understand…” He trailed off, resolutely keeping his eyes locked with Ren’s, as uncomfortable as being so open made him. It was clearly more than Ren had expected, from the astonishment on his face as he stared back at Hux. “You were wrong about one thing, though,” Hux added to break the silence. “There is, as you said, something I want. But I will have it, one day,” and though his eyes were icy blue there was fire in his gaze. “What is it?” Hux briefly hesitated. Did he want to share this part of himself? Would Ren mock him the way everyone else did? “I want to invent things that will change the world,” he said, trying to keep his voice level. When Ren said nothing, he elaborated, even though he already felt like he’d said too much. “After the war, there was chaos, much of which could have been avoided with the right tools. Better means of distributing food and resources, better communication, better weapons for ensuring order. I have so many ideas , but, well…” he trailed off with a distant look. Ren didn’t question him or mock him. Ren didn’t say anything . He just watched Hux’s face with an unreadable expression. Unsure of what else to say, Hux cleared his throat and stood. Ren didn’t stop him this time. “I’m going to get lunch if that’s alright.” Ren only nodded. Hux began to leave the room. He stopped in the doorway and glanced over his shoulder. Ren’s hand had snuck down to fiddle with the bandages again. “ Ren .” “Mm?” “Stop that.” “…Kylo.” “What?” “Don’t call me Ren anymore. Um. It’s not really…just, call me Kylo?” “Kylo.” Hux tested the name on his tongue. He’d only used it one other time: when trying to haul him back to the castle. It wasn’t such a bad name. No worse than Armitage , his mind supplied. “Alright,” he conceded, “ Kylo , you touch those bandages again and I will bandage your hands together until you’re fully healed.” As he marched away, Hux missed the flicker of a smile cross Kylo’s face. * In the days that followed, Kylo thought with growing guilt about the ambitions Hux had shared with him. He thought about the dream he once had of becoming powerful, how he would have hated for someone to ruin it for him, though he'd managed that on his own. He thought about the curse on his household that should have been his alone to bear, how he would never forgive anyone who tried to prevent him from freeing them. Just because he’d blown his own shot at his dreams didn’t mean he had to impede Hux’s. "I have to show you something," he announced one day, a week or so later. Kylo was better, up and moving around again, and had finally worked up the courage to do this. Hux looked miffed at the interruption from his reading but curiosity got the better of him. He marked his page and stood to follow Kylo. Kylo brought him to a stairwell that led downstairs into darkness. "Is this the part where you finally kill me?” It certainly looked like the sort of place where one would be murdered and the body never found. "Damn, you spoiled the surprise," Kylo deadpanned. Hux just stared at his face until Kylo’s mouth twitched, and Hux realized he was joking. He gave a breathy laugh and Kylo tried to interpret that as a good thing. Kylo waved his hand and the stairwell and hall below lit up with candlelight. They descended the stairs, Kylo wincing slightly as the movement jarred the only recently repaired flesh of his side. Hux placed a hand on his back to steady him and Kylo gave him a quick look but didn't push him away. Their destination was a door a short distance from the foot of the stairs. Kylo hesitated in front of it. He wasn’t sure he was ready for what was inside but it was too late to turn back now. With an exhale and a determined nod, Kylo unlocked the door and pushed it open. Its hinges creaked loudly in protest as the room came into view. No one had been down here in years and it was abundantly clear. Unlike most of the castle, this room was not maintained by enchanted brooms and dust mops. It was a large room, at least as big as the sitting room upstairs. Candles lined the walls but they weren't necessary at the moment. The top of the room was just above ground level and a line of thin windows along the far wall allowed beams of light to fall in and catch the dusty air. Beneath the windows sat a row of shut cabinets. Several long tables stretched across the space, each with an equally long bench on either side. There were sheets draped over the tables, covered in a layer of dust. Lumps here and there indicated things of varying sizes and shapes hidden beneath the covers. "What is this?" Hux asked, nose scrunching up. "It's my f- ...what's that face for?" Hux couldn't answer; he immediately burst into a sneezing fit. "Would it - have been - so hard - to clean up a bit - before bringing me - here?" Hux gritted out between sneezes. Kylo laughed before he knew what was happening. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d truly laughed and it felt strange, but not bad. Not bad at all. Hux glared at him, eyes watering and hand covering his nose and mouth. "Oh, fine," Kylo took pity on him. With a gust of his magic he gathered up the dust into a tight cloud and dropped it into a corner of the room. He caught a glimpse of Hux's disgusted look. "I'll take care of it later. Come on." Kylo walked to one of the tables and dramatically pulled the sheet from it. It was covered in a variety of metal parts. "This is - was - my father's workshop. Tools are in there." Kylo pointed to the cabinets. "He was good with his hands, like you. He fixed things a lot. Built me things." He looked at the table of parts wistfully. "Do you miss them? Your parents?" Hux asked gently. He seemed nervous. Maybe he feared that the question would cause Kylo to lash out, and that made regret stir in Kylo. He didn’t want Hux to fear him. Kylo kept his gaze on the table, his long fingers fiddling with a stray bolt. "No," he lied, "They mean nothing to me." Hux considered him a moment but changed the subject. "Why are you showing me this?" Kylo's hands came together in front of his stomach, rubbing against and over each other, a nervous habit. When Hux’s eyes drifted down to them curiously he moved them behind his back. "You...didn't have to bring me back. You could have left me there. Anyone else would have. And you certainly didn't have to take care of me, but you did. I'm very grateful. Consider this my thanks." “You already thanked me.” “It…wasn’t enough.” Kylo shifted on his feet. “Well? Do you want it or not?” Hux looked around the room again then turned his attention to the parts on the table. Suddenly his face lit up. “I’ve been looking for one of these!” “I’ll take that as a yes.” Hux spent the rest of the afternoon sorting through the parts and tools and organizing them to his liking, the whole time chatting away. Kylo stayed, perched on a stool, content to listen and watch him flutter about. “If you’re going to linger you could at least be useful,” Hux declared at one point. He began pointing at things and asking Kylo to hand them to him, or move them from one place to another, or open this box here or that container there. Unwilling to move, Kylo used his powers to complete most of these tasks, which Hux watched with a mix of annoyance and fascination. “So you really can do magic.” “Yes,” he replied. He hesitated, and then added, “I could show you more sometime?” Hux’s eyes met his, blazing in the dim light. Kylo was captivated by them. “Yes. Alright.” Then, for the first time ever, Hux smiled at him. Notes: Huge thanks to my beta fish, fandomfix ! NOW WITH ARTWORK by the talented elfriniol !! Come say hi on tumblr !