the room is red. he likes new girls. you were a new girl once, a new, sparkling, wide-eyed girl fresh from the shuttles. you remember kylo grabbing your jaw that first night, looking you over as his tongue glistened pink-wet in his smirking mouth. you are not really a new girl anymore, not really. your shine is tarnished and duller than before, but that never stopped him. kylo has you up against the wall, his face between your thighs as your legs lock around his neck, and his thoughts are sparking and flashing like the crackle of his saber as he thinks about how your eyes are going to roll back, how your hands are going to squeeze his shoulders, how long it's going to take you to bend and break and cry for him. it won't take long. it never does. your nails are scratching over hard plastic, scrabbling down to seek out thick curls and warm skin as rough hands grip your hips and kylo rubs his face between your legs. you close around human hair, human skin, and sigh , like he is a lever you have to pull. he's humming again, the noise sending vibrations rolling across your pussy as you dig your head into the wall and emit a keening wail. he's talking now, voice soft and deep like the snow coating the base outside and the reverb is making you gasp. "gonna eat you," he's murmuring, voice coated in electric. "gonna eat you nice and slow and — savor you ." the last two words are a hiss and he laughs as your hips twitch forwards. you feel your brain ache a little and shudder as you realize kylo's gone into your head again — "don't lie. you love this. little filthy whore like yourself could only get off to something as low as this, right?" his grip on you tightens. "yes," you whisper. you can feel your eyes stinging with tears. everything stops below you and kylo stands up, pulling off the mask. you open your mouth to thank him, but he presses a finger to your lips, shushing you. his other arm snakes around your waist and pulls you up, only to throw you onto the bed. you feel like you're going to faint, explode, shatter like the finest china doll under his touch. his hands are big and warm, chapped fingertips leaving genetic contrails on your burning skin as he inches down, down, down until his tongue is drawing quick circles around your clit and you're gasping and jerking up again, hands frantically skittering down to grab his hair and tug like it's a rope connecting you to land. kylo is devouring you, fast tongue tasting nectar, flowers, copper, as he suddenly pushes two fingers inside you and curls them up. he loves you. so much it feels as vibrant and aching as the open scratches you leave on him, cooling and healing gently as he wakes up with them sticking to a cold sweat. kylo is inching you along a rope, your legs jerking across the fabric as your eyes roll and you pant rapidly. your nails are scratch scratch scratching at the base of his neck, making the skin red and taut as he licks up in a swipe over your slit. he does the same thing when he's wiping his fingers of blood. you feel yourself about to tip and nudge your body forwards, voice ascending to the heavens for the fucking angels to hear— and he pulls away. you gasp in frustration, body trembling as kylo kneels over you. his mouth is dripping and you reach your fingertips up to swipe them along his full lips, bringing them back down to taste yourself as you look at him. his eyes are dark and unwavering, his expression steadfast. brontë and wilde would have written odysseys to men like him, damned angels with seared wings. the lights around you are red and the room is hotter than hell as kylo leans down and kisses you, mouth moving slow and saccharine, more gentle and easy than a running stream. you sink your teeth into his bottom lip and he growls, fingernails digging into your back. you nip until you feel blood bead through, licking and licking. it is potent and intoxicating, the taste of seraphs, of kings. you snap away and he wipes the back of his hand over his mouth, leaving a smear of crimson in his wake. it smudges over his face, dipping under his jawline to create warpaint. kylo has sliced along your sternum in near little ovals with his teeth, creating a broken line of blood that splits and shifts when you move. this is turning into a carnal act rather than a gesture of love, but when was it ever any different with you? kylo pulls you into his lap and enters you with one smooth push, grinning as you throw your head back and sigh. his hands are gripping your waist as he moves you slowly, his teeth spiked with red as his mouth floods. he leans up to bite at your shoulder, making you moan as you feel the skin crack and bead underneath his canines. your head is spinning slightly as you fall back onto the bed and kylo ruts against you, teeth still sucking imprints into your skin as he moans appreciatively. you cannot understand or comprehend how good this feels even though you are experiencing it, staring at the glowing red light above you that seems to take over the entire room, spreading down walls and dripping through floorboards. kylo can hear you in his head, begging him to please, please, PLEASE (you?) and he snaps his hips like a flare was set off in his gut, because you're nice and wet and hot and tight and he's pushing in, pushing through you, taking you over completely and it feels so good because it's all for him, it's all for him, you're for him. you're drooling underneath kylo, face a soaked turmoil of tears and sweet cum and sweat and blood as you moan gurgled gibberish ohh fuck FUCK kylo yesyeshyes kylokylokylo — he kisses your jawline, finger pushing into your mouth to wrench your head back for easy access. the blood on your chest causes him to slide against you easily and the air is thick and sticky and permeating when he reaches through your writhing bodies and squeezes your clit between his fingertips. you gasp and squeal as you suddenly cum, choking on stagnant air as kylo kisses your neck and you can hear him murmuring it's okay, it's okay baby, you're doing so well, so good for me . there are no more sounds or scents or sights for a few seconds as your vision plummets into blackness and all you can hear are kylo's murky praises before you dive back up for air, choking. ohh, fuck. fuck. kylo pulls himself off of you like a bandaid, his back glittering wetly in the light from above. it's darker now, the chips of light only coming from the walls. he stretches, picking up his helmet. the room is red and you are still shaking on the duvet when you hear kylo murmur from the doorway, "see you later." there's a pause. " slut ." Notes: find me on tumblr at phamsa . i'm taking requests!