WARNING: angst, abuse, trigger warning!!! Angst/abusive AU slight mention of rape "I thought I saw the Devil, this morning, looking in the mirror. Drop of rum on my tongue, with a warning. To help me see myself clearer. I never meant to start a fight. I never meant, to make, you bleed. I'll be a better man today." "I'll be a better man today Ben. I promise you. I'll be good, I'll be good." Poe gripped the bathroom sink tightly. He didn't mean to hit Ben, he just, got angry, and, and, he just, but he- Poe shook his head aggressively. There was no excuse for what had happened. He came home drunk, got angry at some stupid thing Ben forgot to do, and hit him. "I hit him. I made him bleed." Poe whispered. His eyes watered, and he gritted his teeth. "I didn't mean to hurt you." He sobbed. "I'll get help, I promise." Poe shook violently as he sobbed. He didn't expect Ben to forgive him. Poe didn't really want Ben to. Poe wanted him to get angry, to hit back. But Ben could never hurt Poe. Poe couldn't say the same. ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ "Ben! Hi!" Rey waved excitedly at her cousin once she saw him, but all happiness left her when she saw the dark, black and purple bruise covering Ben's left eye, and part of his cheek. Rey ran over, and took Ben's face into her hands. "Ben? What happened?! Who hit you? I'll kick their ass!" Ben didn't want Rey to hurt Poe. Poe didn't mean to hit him, Poe, Poe would never hurt him. It was an accident. Ben was an idiot. He was stupid. He deserved it. "I got into a fight." Ben lied. Poe didn't deserve Rey beating him up. Ben deserved the punch. He deserved it. Rey pouted, as her eyes filled with worry. "I told you to stay out of trouble." She scolded lightly. Ben smiled softly at her. "I know, and I'm sorry." He rested his head against her's. "I promise no more fights." Rey chuckled, and hugged the taller male. "Good. Now you better keep that promise this time. Don't make me scold you like Aunt Leia would!" Ben's head jumped up. "No please don't scold me like my mother would! Oh she is scary!" Rey burst at laughing, and that brought Ben peace. Hearing her laugh, comforted him. Told him everything would be alright. But it wouldn't be alright. That one little punch, was just the beginning. ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ "Damn it Ben!" Poe threw the empty bottle of beer in Ben's direction, and it shattered on the wall beside Ben. He flinched, cowering in fear. "What the fuck?! I asked you to do one simple thing!" Poe knelt down, and got in Ben's face. "And you go and fuck it all up! You're such an idiot! You're pathetic! You can't do anything right!" Ben was sobbing now. They were broken, as was Ben. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! Please Poe stop! I'm sorry!" Ben pulled his knees to his chest, and continued to sob uncontrollably. "Shut up! Oh my- fuck! Stop fucking crying!" Poe grabbed Ben by his hair, and lifted him up off the ground. "Stop crying!" He yelled in Ben's face, which only made him cry harder. Poe balled his left hand, and slammed it into the right side of Ben's face, hard . Ben yelped, and fell to the ground. He was frozen. He didn't want to move, for fear of angering Poe more. Poe screamed louder and louder, slamming his fist repeatedly against the walls and table, as he yelled at Ben for being an idiot, pathetic, and for not doing one stupid thing. Ben curled into his body, crying harder at each hurtful word that slipped past Poe's once soft, calming, and gentle lips, that used to calm Ben when he couldn't sleep, or had a panic attack. And now, they were hurting him. "Useless, pathetic, idiot! You can't do one fucking task! Oh my! Damn it all Ben! You're a coward, and a mess. Who would love you?! No one! No one but me! You're nothing without me!" Poe threw another bottle, that hit Ben in the head. He yelped, and tried to crawl away. This only fueled Poe's rage. Poe grabbed Ben by his right arm, and yanked him back. Ben heard a bone break, and he screamed out in pain. Poe let go of him, and let Ben fall onto his back. Broken eyes filled with tears, stared up at Poe, who stared down, with wide, frightened eyes. Poe began to run his hands through his hair, and choked on his own sob. He stared at Ben, scared. Scared of himself. "I'm so, so sorry!" He moved forward, and helped his lover to his feet. "I'm so so so so so sorry Ben!" Poe took Ben's face into his own, and kissed him gently. Poe's lips moved from Ben's lips, to his cheeks, and his eyes. Poe placed his final kiss on Ben's forehead, and sighed. "I'm sorry Ben." He whispered. Ben smiled, and gripped Poe tightly. "It's okay Poe. You didn't mean it. I forgive you." Ben buried his face into Poe's shoulder. Poe didn't mean Ben any harm. He deserved it. He deserved everything Poe had done . "I deserved it." Ben whispered, but luckily, Poe didn't hear it. ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ Ben looked away from Rey, as she stared at his beaten up face and neck. Her jaw was clenched, and there was a fiery anger that lit up her usually calm brown eyes. "What. Happened?" She asked through gritted teeth. "And don't." Rey covered her mouth as a sob shook her body. She cleared her throat and rubbed her eyes, before focusing them on her cousin. "Don't lie to me Ben." Ben looked into her eyes. His best friend, he couldn't lie to her, but if he told her, she'd think Poe was bad. She'd take him away from Poe, and Poe away from him. He didn't want that! Poe didn't mean him any harm. Poe loved him! He just, Ben deserved it all. Every last bit of it. "I fell down the stairs." He whispered. He could tell that Rey knew he was lying, but thankfully, she was not going to push him any farther. "Okay.Well, we should get you to the hospital. To make sure that you're okay." Pain filled Rey's soft voice. He could hear the hurt from being lied to, and something else that he could not place. "Okay." Ben whispered. ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ When Ben got home, he stopped by the door, seeing Poe sitting the the recliner. As soon as Ben came in, Poe's head snapped up, and his eyes lit up. "Ben!" He rushed forward, and pulled Ben into a hug. "I was so worried! Where were you?!" Poe pulled away, so that he could look into Ben's eyes. He strong hands, gripped Ben's shoulders. "I was at the hospital. Rey wanted to help me fix my broken arm." Poe's eyes and face darkened. His jaw clenched, and his grip upon Ben's shoulders, tightened . "Well, are you okay?" Poe asked darkly. Anything happy about Poe, was now gone. Ben gulped, and nodded his head rapidly. "I'm fine. I just need to keep this cast on, and wait." Poe lightened a bit at this. "Okay. Well let's make sure you heal soon." Poe walked with Ben into the kitchen, and prepared him some soup. Ben made sure not to do anything stupid. He thanked Poe for the soup, apologized for not calling him, and arriving late. He apologized and thanked Poe as much as he could. When Poe helped Ben into bed, and tucked him in, Ben felt better. He felt that things had changed, that Poe had changed. 'I was right.' He thought. 'Poe didn't mean me any harm. And I, I did deserve what he did. I deserved it.' Ben smiled lovingly at Poe, before he curled into the fetal position, and closed his eyes. He heard Poe leave, and Ben soon fell asleep. ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ Ben awoke late, and when he tried to move, felt great pain in the lower half of his body. Ben didn't think anything of it, until he noticed that he was only wearing his shirt and boxers. 'Poe must have removed my clothes so that I wouldn't get hot last night. How sweet.' Ben went to pull himself up and out of the bed, but yelped when he came into a sitting position. Ben assumed that Poe had already left for work, so he was on his own. ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ Rey gripped her fork tightly. "You woke up, to a sore body, and you were barely wearing any clothing?" Rey spoke quietly. Ben nodded. "Yeah. I think I just slept wrong, and Poe must've removed my clothes so that I wouldn't get hot last night." The look Rey gave him told him that she didn't believe him. "Ben, has anything else been happening with Poe? Is he, is he the one who gave you those bruises?" Ben balled his fists, and bit his cheek. 'No.' He wanted to say. 'Poe didn't mean any harm! He loved me! He would never hurt me! I deserved those things! I deserved it all!' Ben looked down as he felt his eyes water. He should tell her, he really should, but he didn't know if he could. 'What would happen? What would happen to Poe? He'd get angrier, wouldn't he? Ben sighed, before he resumed eating his chicken caesar salad. "Nothing, happened." He whispered slowly. "Poe would never, hurt, me." He heard Rey scoff, but he ignored it. Poe would never hurt him, Poe loved Ben. And Ben loved Poe. That was it. No questions asked. Ben looked up, and watched Rey eat her salad. She seemed to be aggressively attacking the poor salad, and that made Ben feel bad about lying to her. Ben had one chance, and, Poe couldn't hurt him for this could he? No, he wouldn't! Ben opened his mouth, before he closed it again. It was five minutes before he opened it again, and Rey was now eating Ben's salad. "Rey." Ben closed his mouth and looked away. "Poe hurt me. He abused me. Hit me, told me things were my fault. I didn't mean to anger him. And I think, I think he raped me too." Ben's voice cracked, and his body shook violently. He heard Rey's fork drop, and he looked up, to see wide, fear filled eyes, staring back at him. 'I'm sorry Poe.' \ Will become a full Novel/Fanfiction soon - Amry Mae Notes: Thank you for reading, and I am sorry that it was so dark. (This is chapter two in my DarkPilot One-Shots on wattpad) AmryMae This will become a full novel/Fanfiction soon