Strange Encounters The first time Kylo Ren meets Rey, she’s a scared scavenger-girl in the woods of Takodana. He carried her onto his ship and into the interrogation room. He told himself it was because she’d seen the map, but there was another reason why he took her… if only the Force would tell him. The second time, she’s an angry and grief-stricken girl in the snowy forest of an exploding base. In their duel, she transforms in a matter of moments, her Force abilities surging to life. She’s spectacular. The third time Kylo Ren meets Rey, she’s a Jedi with the Light in her eyes. Two years. It had been two years since the events on Starkiller Base, and Kylo Ren was no closer to the Dark. Killing Han Solo should have completed his journey to the Dark Side, but it only tore him apart more. Grief overcame him in the hours leading up to his meeting with the Supreme Leader after Hux had rescued him from the imploding planet. The grief tore and shredded him, his father’s face the only thing he saw when he closed his eyes. His father’s handprint scorched his face worse than the saber burn the girl had inflicted. The Supreme Leader knew… and had punished Ren. But the wounds wrought onto him by his dark master were nothing compared to the internal, self-inflicted wounds his grief and shame caused. Han Solo’s face wouldn’t leave his mind’s eye, no matter what. After his punishment, Kylo Ren felt numb inside. The Supreme Leader spent months training him and when it was done Ren was released onto the galaxy. A berserker supposedly reborn, but without the rage that had consumed him before. But that didn’t mean he any less devastating to the enemies of the First Order. Raids, battles, commanding stormtroopers, and laying waste, nothing repelled the grief – the call to the Light – that grew in his heart. His mind had connected with Rey’s that day in the interrogation room, and he felt their bond as her lessons with Skywalker progressed. The Light seeped into him, reminding Ren of who he was before… before … The Supreme Leader knew and ordered Ren to bring the girl to him. And there they stood. The Jedi and the Master of the Knights of Ren. The Light was almost blinding in her presence, and it took all of his willpower to not turn and run. He didn’t – couldn’t hurt her. He wouldn’t take her to Snoke. The vile old creature would destroy her Light. But he would fight her here, and make it look believable that he tried to apprehend her. But he wouldn’t capture her. The first time Rey meets Kylo Ren, he’s a creature in a mask hunting her down. He’s a thing from a nightmare where lightening and rain painted the landscape in terrifying colors. The second time she meets Kylo Ren, he becomes a man. A wicked man, but a man nonetheless. He’s torn apart, like he told his father… his fear controlling his life. His fear of not being like his grandfather, Darth Vader . The third time she meets Kylo Ren, he’s a desperate mess. He’s almost insane in his rage and ferocity. They fought on the imploding planet and she wanted to kill him. The voice in her head beckoned her to, but she didn’t. The earth had split open, saving Ren from the wrath the voice called for. She could feel his grief too... The fourth time she meets Kylo Ren, he’s a scarred and bruised man that was shattered. The rage she had seen before was nonexistent, and that scared her more than the creature in the mask, more than the berserker who had murdered Han Solo. When Rey first meets Luke Skywalker, she’s almost disappointed. The myths had painted him as almost a divine figure, but he stood before her as a man. A haggard with regret and sadness in his blue eyes. He refused his father’s lightsaber, saying it called to her and his own suited him just fine. It took five weeks for her and Chewie to convince him to return to the Resistance with them. She thinks R2-D2 was the one that finally broke the Jedi Master down. General Organa had welcomed her brother back with a resounding slap to the face and a back breaking hug. Luke nearly cried. Finn and BB-8 were there to greet her too, and she had been crushed into a similar hug. Rey didn’t mind a bit. BB-8 shocked her for being gone so long… Chewie laughed at her (but he denies it). It took another three weeks to convince Luke to properly train her. He woke her two hours before dawn to start her first day. They trained for over a year before he sent her to Degobah to face the cave. Rey passed the test, that was for certain, but she never told anyone what she saw. The haunted look in her eyes kept people from asking her twice. She heard the reports of the raids and battles, of the whispers of a red lightsaber and masked man on a warpath. She saw the despaired look in the General and Master Luke’s eyes. Rey said nothing. She also heard the rumors that the masked man’s warpath was different than before, there was less rage. That doesn’t mean it was any less destructive. She fought for the Resistance, wielding her old lightsaber like she had been born to it. She traded her scavenger garb for Jedi robes a few months after her training started. People would stare in awe of her and Master Luke. Most had believed the Jedi were myths. The stares made her uncomfortable. And there she stood, staring across the way at a broken man, Kylo Ren. The scar across his face was of pink flesh that rose atop his pale face in a a stark contrast. It disappeared under the neck of his robes. His mask lay at his feet and his saber was tight in his hand. He didn’t ignite it. There was so much Light in him. The Dark still outweighed it, but it was simmering, burning away the Dark. The faint flicker had turned into a raging fire. Rey didn’t know what to do. The two stared at each other, neither moving. Their lightsabers held tight in-hand as snow fell through the holes in the roof. The old Rebel base on Hoth was as frigid was ever. Ren moved like lightening, striking with his red blade in a blink of an eye. Rey ignited her own and blocked his onslaught just as quickly. Ren kept attacking her, pounding his crackling blade against her own. Saber burns littered the walls as they moved (but the beserker rage was still absent). She shifted her weight and propelled herself over Ren, saber swinging down in a long arch. It sliced across his back. Ren didn’t flinch. Now Rey was on the attack, beating him back with an efficiency and grace that was not there in the snowy forest. There was no anger in her, only determination. The pair moved in a deadly dance of sparks and pounding weapons. She attacked, he blocked. He counterattacked, she parried. They went on like this for sometime, paying no heed to the sounds of the battle raging outside. The walls shook and parts of the ceiling descended on their heads. Ren shot out a hand and used the Force to push Rey out of the way of the icy debris. He extinguished his blade and turned away. The collapsed ceiling served as a perfect escape without having to hurt the girl. A solid wall blocking him from her. He didn’t try to open it with his lightsaber or the Force. Rey was confused, why did he save her? When Rey told Master Luke that Ren had saved her from the falling debris, his blue eyes widened in shock and his jaw dropped. It quickly snapped shut and his eyes hardened… but they also held an emotion she had not seen in the old Jedi Master before – hope . “Tell me everything,” he stated. And so she did. Ren didn’t understand why he attacked her first… why did he do that? It was as if an invisible hand had shoved his back, sending his feet forward. But it didn’t matter now how their fight started. He saved the girl without a second thought as ceiling collapsed above them. His master was not pleased. The Force bond flared to life. Rey woke with a pained gasp, her back arching off the sweat soaked sheets before she curled in on herself. She shook and moan as she clutched at herself. She was being shocked – electrocuted – sparks striking her abdomen, her back, her chest. But the mental torture was much worse, as if the very seams of her mind were being shredded by unknown claws. Master Luke’s room was only across the hall from hers… if only she could get up ! Sucking a deep breathe, Rey lurched from the bed and collapsed onto the cold floor. She was dragging herself to the door when it swooshed open. Master Luke and General Organa stood in the entrance for a moment, chests heaving and eyes wide. They were dressed in their bedclothes and the General’s hair was long and loose. The twins leaped forward when Rey let out a pained moan, “ Help .” Leia pulled the trembling girl into her arms. Rey didn’t realize she was crying until she felt the General wipe the tears from her cheeks, hushing her with a maternal tone. Rey curled into the comfort of Leia’s arms, the embrace a luxury she had never been afforded before. Master Luke knelt beside them, one hand braced on Rey’s knee, the other on her forehead. Rey cried out as another shock rippled through her, worse than the other ones. She arched up from Leia’s embrace. Leia held the poor girl tighter. She could feel Be- feel Kylo Ren. He and Rey were one in the pain, and Leia knew immediately what the cause was. Snoke. That fracking bastard, she growled internally. First her flesh and blood, and now the girl she saw as her own. No matter what her son had done, Leia couldn’t bare knowing the amount of pain he was experiencing. Her heart ached even more knowing that the girl in her arms was feeling it just as much. Rey lurched in her arms once more, crying out again. To say that Snoke was upset was an understatement. When Ren informed the Supreme Leader in person of his encounter with the scaveng- Jedi on Hoth, he had immediately been tossed across the hall with a swift wave of the Force. He could feel his ribs crack. The fury radiating off Snoke could have started a fire and the hot energy nearly scorched Ren when Snoke spoke, “How is it that you, Master of the Knights of Ren, is once again bested by a little girl – not a Jedi – a girl!?!” Ren didn’t get a chance to answer. The lightning came too fast. The assault on his mind was far worse. Rey was shaking worse now, nearly seizing in Leia’s arms. Tears streamed down her face. Her usually tan skin was pale and covered in a cold sweat. Leia turned to her brother and would have shouted at him if she hadn’t seen the intense look of concentration on his face. Rey cried out again and again, and Leia heard the pounding of feet and the telltale whirl of a BB unit. Poe Dameron appeared in the doorway first, and then Finn slid into view, ramming into Poe’s side. They nearly toppled over. Shock and horror painted their faces a sickly grey. Chewbacca appeared a few moments later, roaring his concern. All they could do was wait. Ren nearly shrieked when he felt another’s pain in his mind. Nonononononono, his mind cried, Rey get out ! She didn’t hear him. She was too engrossed in the pain to even realize that the Force bond, the thing that kept pulling him towards the Light, had ripped wide open. He reached for her again and again, trying to ease the pain over the bond. Nothing worked. Fool! he yelled at himself, he had opened the bond when Snoke had first assaulted his mind and now the poor girl was victim to his punishment. Ren sensed another. Luke Skywalker. He was trying to build walls around Rey’s mind, trying to separate them. Hurry up! Ren roared. I am , his uncle responded calmly. Then Skywalker and Rey were gone. Only the tug of the Light remained. His punishment ended shortly after that. Snoke was looking at him with an eerie smile. He knew about the bond. Later, when Luke told his sister of his encounter with Ren, Leia went pale and gaped at her brother. The hope that Ben would return flickered a bit brighter after that, but only just a little... Luke pulled his hand away from Rey’s forehead. She was asleep now but still trembled from the pain that had plagued her moments before. Three figures blocked the hall’s light. Chewbacca, Poe Dameron and the ex-stormtrooper, Finn, stood with matching looks of concern. The white and orange BB unit whined at their feet, asking if its friend was okay Luke smiled tiredly at the little droid, “She’ll be all right. She just needs rest.” Chewie let out a soft moan of relief and Finn’s head dropped to Poe’s shoulder, puffing out a long breathe. His hands were shaking. Luke made a move to lift Rey from his sister’s arms, but the wookie stopped him. Chewie knelt beside his best friend’s widow and plucked the unconscious girl from her arms. He deposited her gently atop her bed and pulled the covers up to her chin. He stroked her hair. He moaned softly to comfort the girl in her sleep. Leia couldn’t help the sad smile that came to her face. Chewie used to do the same thing with Ben. Chapter 2 : Regrets and Other Meetings The next time Kylo Ren and Jedi Rey meet, it’s entirely by accident. There was no battle raging around them, nor any need for the Resistance or First Order to be involved. They were just two people in a market on some distant world looking for ship parts. If Rey was being honest with herself, she probably wouldn’t have realized the man was there if not for the bond. He was not dressed in his black robes and menacing mask. His hair was longer, brushing just at his shoulders. It was jagged, with parts singed. His left hand was wrapped, obviously burned from whatever happened to him. She didn’t care. Nope. Not at all. He wore a jacket that reminded her a lot of Han Solo. The jacket was a dark grey instead of tan, but the cut was familiar. He wore black First Ordered issued pants (she could see the burn marks on them) and black boots. She hesitated to approach him. Surely he’s noticed me by now? As if reading her thoughts (Rey didn’t put it past him), Ren’s head snapped up from where he was conversing with a shopkeeper and whirled to face her. Without his hood and robes, Rey could clearly see the scar on his face extended down his neck, past his shirt collar. She grimaced at the memory. There was a new burn decorating his collarbone too... Ren said something to the shopkeeper, who nodded and turned away to another waiting customer. Ren collected a heavy looking satchel from the booth and turned to fully face her, a touch of a smirk on his lips. He arched an eyebrow at her, Well? She almost turned and walked away, but instead she replied, Well what? Do you want me to fight you? He grinned, heaving the satchel further up his shoulder as he walked towards her. His pace was leisurely, but the white-knuckled grip his the satchel revealed his uneasiness. Ren stopped a couple feet away from her, testing to see if the young woman would follow up with her threat. Rey frowned when she had to crane her head up to look at his face. She released the grip on her hidden lightsaber and Ren’s hand relaxed around the satchel’s strap. They stared at one another, not moving. Around them, the crowds carried on about their business, some swerving around the stand-still pair to continue on their way, but nobody paid Ren and Rey any mind. “What the hell happened to you?” She asked, not unkindly. Ren smirked, “Why would you care?” “I don’t,” she frowned up at him “Walk with me?” he asked. He motioned with a jerk of his head towards a less crowded portion of the market. Rey nodded and walked alongside the scarred man, wondering what the hell she was doing. Patience young one… a soothing voice whispered. One she had heard before when she first found Luke’s lightsaber. She frowned, something in the Force wanted her to be with Ren at this particular moment. Why? She should just call the Resistance, but she doesn’t - she couldn’t (why the hell not?). The pair wandered down the market streets, vendors sometimes shouting to them, others waving goods as they passed. They kept walking, silent and tense. Rey paused suddenly, a deep frown on her face, “Why?” Ren arched an eyebrow, “Why what?” “Why kill him – Han?” Ren’s brow creased and a deep frown formed. His eyes glazed over for a moment, and Rey could feel his emotional turmoil through the bond. Memories blurred by an artificial Darkness ran through his thoughts. The look in his father’s eyes, the pain he felt as Han fell. He must of realized that he was projecting through the bond, because walls slammed up and his back straightened. “It was the will of my master… to prove my allegiance.” “And yet you regret it…” It wasn’t a question. Ren turned to stare at her for a moment before he turned and walked away from her. She didn’t miss the grief and anger his eyes. “Goodbye Jedi.” He disappeared into the crowd, leaving the scent of burned flesh and smoke in his wake. It was months before they saw each other again. Ren’s heart raced. He could feel Rey’s distress over the bond. Snoke had dispatched the Knights of Ren directly, ordering them to capture the Jedi girl (alive) and bring her to him. He didn’t specify that she should be unharmed though. The rain fell in heavy sheets, lightning striking the sky. Ren was glad he wore his mask for he was sure that without it he would be blinded by the rain. He approached a plateau on a barren landscape, and could clearly see the glow of a blue blade. It slashed and swirled around the weapons of his knights. One stood a distance away and fired a blaster at Rey’s back just as Ren caught sight of her. It hit her between the shoulder blades before Rey. Ren’s hand was raised to stop the attack, but he wasn’t quick enough. She flew forward, landing face first in the mud with a cry on her lips. Ren didn’t know how one would classify the sound that tore from his mouth, but he was sure it was terrifying to hear. He ignited his red saber and flew towards the knights. They were shocked at their master’s actions, and it took several of them being cut down by Ren for them to realize their need to defend themselves against him. Weapons ignited and blasters fired, yet not a single blow or shot landed on their leader. The man that shot Rey was the first to fall. Ren called on the Force to send the man propelling towards him. Catching him by the throat, he severed the hand that fired the bolt that hit Rey then sent his head rolling over the muddy earth. Lighting clearly illuminated the shocked terror on his face dead face. An enraged knight turned to strike the fallen Jedi, and Rey raised her head in time to see the red saber pierce the man’s chest. Just like her vision… The man collapsed, his unseeing eyes staring into Rey’s. Kylo Ren stood above her, chest heaving and fists clenched. The saber deactivated with a hiss and was re-clasped to his belt before he knelt at her side. The knights were dead, every single one of them. Ren knelt at her side, a gloved hand hovered above her back. It was shaking, from anger or fear, Rey wasn’t sure. The mechanical voice gasped out, “Are you alright?” Rey gaped in shock before nodding her head shakily. She attempted to push herself up into a sitting position and failed. The pain in her back was too fierce to ignore. Before she face hit the ground again, arms were encircling her, mindful of the wound. Ren raised her up gently, and brought her to her feet. He shifted his grip to her arms, allowing her to test her ability to stand on her own. Again, she failed. Ren swiftly shifted to her side and wrapped an arm around her waist, the other under her knees. He hoisted her up into his arms and shifted her into a position where he would not touch the the scorched and bleeding flesh of her back. Rey jerked at the sudden motion, her wound flaring. “What are you doing?” she finally asked, bewildered by his actions. She was so dizzy... “Returning you to the Resistance. The battle is over and Skywalker has accompanied one of the landing parties. He is skilled in the art of Jedi healing and will be able to sufficiently heal your wounds,” he stated, as if it was the most obvious thing in the galaxy. She gaped, “But - but I thought you were supposed to take me to Snoke? That what one of your knights told me…” Now her eyes were getting heavy... He frowned behind his mask. She knew Snoke was now actively hunting her. He inhaled deeply and closed his eyes for a moment, pausing in his footsteps before resuming his slow pace through the thick forest. He didn’t see her eyes flutter. “I do not wish you to suffer at the hands of my master. He will destroy you,” he stated. “But don’t you wish me to turn to the Dark Side?” “I don’t think that’s possible, there’s too much Light in you to turn. It would kill you, and I have no wish to see you dead.” She frowned at that, but before she could respond, she passed out from pain and blood loss. Ren would spend his time on the shuttle returning to the star destroyer, the Dark Vengeance , focusing on the Force bond. He told himself it was curiosity, not concerned, that made him want to know if Skywalker was able to heal her wounds before she bled out...