Much as it grieves him to admit, Hux is the more experienced of them. Kylo had never taken anyone to bed (or been taken to theirs) before the General had snapped at him that a good, hard fucking would calm him down some, and make him more tolerable to work with. Not that he’d acquiesced immediately. His pride (and, though he won’t even confess as much to himself, fear ) had kept him from the General’s quarters. It had been some time before he’d found himself, red-faced below his mask, standing on the threshold and paralysed by his wanting. The thoughts hadn’t left his mind, and he didn’t know if they were all his own, or if some were Hux’s. He’d gone to his door for five nights, leaving without knocking, until the General opened up and nodded him inside. And since then, Hux has made use of every inch of him. His mouth and throat (Kylo’s getting better at not choking), his hands, his chest, his thighs, his ass. Kylo had never considered his orientation at all before (Jedi did not do attachment, and he’d… he’d been… otherwise pre-occupied, as a Knight of Ren), but he definitely liked the fact that the Force had seen fit to shove a happy trigger button up inside his ass. [[MORE]] In fact, Kylo likes everything. All of it. Even the names, even the hair-pulling, or the spitting on his face. If Hux ever gives him head, he’s covered in his own seed five seconds later. Coming to (and in) Hux’s chambers at night has been nothing short of a full blown spiritual awakening. An epiphany, and a terrifying bliss all in one. He feels… better, after. He feels good with the marks of tongue (both word and saliva) over him, feels a release from the pain. Feels more connected to his body, and then divorced from it, too. Feels the Force as if the remove is gone, as if a filter has melted away, giving him the source, giving him the visceral, wonderful truth of it. And if he has to know that Hux must have had other men before him to be so skilled, so… perfect … It is ridiculous to feel envy of a person who came before. Unless he’s still seeing them, around Kylo’s visits. He hopes not. (He might try to kill them if so.) Kylo has enjoyed everything they’ve done, and he’s happy to continue as they are, or do (almost) anything Hux might demand of him. (Limb removal or Ewok costumes aside.) But they haven’t done one thing in particular, and that’s what Hux has decided they’ll do tonight. “Much as I suspect you’ll be useless with it, if genetics bless you with a dick like that, you should at least attempt to be worthy of it.” Kylo doesn’t know whether to be flattered, insulted, or both. He’s never thought much about his dick beyond morning needs and pissing before Hux, and he’d been so happy to get off at all that what happened with it has been pretty much moot. It’s functioned every time they’ve done things (some more successfully than others), but he’s never… you know. Is it normal? To usually not do it? He’s thought about it, of course, but he’d assumed (apparently incorrectly) that he just wouldn’t ever get the opportunity to… Force , he can’t even think it. Put it in him . What is he, twelve? Fuck him . That’s it, right? Fuck . Such a wonderful word. Short and plosive, like the act. A shhing past the lips of skin gliding into another, a gasp out of breath, a clunk as the end was found. It’s perfect for the act, and it’s – apparently – what Hux wants . “I will try,” Kylo says, and then – intrusive, unasked for – there is no try . “Of course you will. You’re very trying,” Hux sneers, amused by his own pun. It is not worth the smugness Hux attaches to it, but Kylo is in no position to disagree. The Knight lifts his head as proudly as he can, trying to look appealing, not sure what look Hux even wants on him. “Strip. I think you’re going to need a ring on to keep it hard enough to please me. I’m very particular.” Of course he is. *** Naked, and half-hard, Kylo stands and lets Hux walk around him. He doesn’t move, keeping his eyes front and centre. Such discipline is difficult for him, but the reward should be more than worth the effort it involves. Hux completes his tour, and then stops in front of him. “I thought you were going to try for me?” “I… am, Sir?” “You don’t look like you are. Look at it, it’s barely stiff enough to fill a fucking sock.” A hand slaps at the bounce of it, and the sting – plus the words – makes his spine tingle and pulses blood to stiffen it further. He doesn’t look down, but he knows it’s getting red and ready, ready for whatever Hux wants. Whatever Hux wants. “It’s pathetic, Ren. That’s what it is. You don’t deserve a prick like that. It should be given to someone who is worthy .” “I’m sorry, Sir,” he says, ducking his head low. It’s right. He doesn’t deserve it, but he can’t exactly do much other than – well – have it surgically reduced. Which he doesn’t really want, as it likely would hurt and also reduce its… effectiveness, as much as girth, and length. And he kind of likes it, now. Even if it’s not good enough . “I’ll have to fluff you up. Such a disgrace . I bet you black out if it’s hard for too long. Diverts blood away from your already dull head. In fact, maybe that’s why you’re such an emotional little piss-baby.” That goes straight through him, and Kylo whimpers at the hand jerking him roughly, dryly, harder. His hips want to move, and his balls want to move, and he just… wants , but the hand is dispassionate and sharp, and it doesn’t care what he wants. It never has, and it never will. “If you pass out fucking me, you’re never doing it again,” Hux snaps, and then there’s a weird sensation of a ring pushed down over his shaft, around his balls, and pulled in tight with the ties. It’s almost uncomfortable, and he can feel his heartbeat pounding against it, but it’s not unpleasant. Kylo twitches under it, unsure. He wants to adjust it, but the look on Hux’s face tells him otherwise. “What should I do, Sir?” “You can start by eating me out so I’m good and ready for your ridiculous dick. Don’t think you can just spit on it and shove it in.” Hux has done that to him. Admittedly, usually after he’s been touched and teased, or made to touch, for so long that his body is aching to be filled. But he has taken him almost dry, and the pain had been a revelation. Kylo is grateful Hux didn’t start with that, though, and it’s not even like it always fits in if he’s not prepped him first. Sometimes the dry threat of penetration – humping at his hole – is enough to make him scream with broken, wrecked lust. So he follows Hux close to heel, who walks to the bed, and pushes him to lie on his back. This is familiar, and he asks permission with his fingertips before he takes hold of Hux’s waist and licks his way lower. Hux has the lube on the bed, too, and Kylo doesn’t go slowly. He probably should, but he shoves his tongue into a firm spear and pushes it into his hole, feeling the tension and the slap to his temple. “Don’t rush, you little shit.” Kylo nods, and licks around his hole with tight, loving circles. He’s eaten him out before, and he has no qualms about it. Hux is fastidiously clean at all times, after all, and the taste is much like his dick (which he also loves). He licks and slurps until Hux clucks at him, and nods to the lube. “Don’t disappoint me.” How he will try not to. Kylo slobbers the lube out over his fingers, warming it, first. He can’t see much past the body straddling his face, still, but he can feel the way he opens up to his fingers. This bit is more careful, more considered, and he does his best to open him without it being too fast. He remembers the fearful clench of his own ass the first time, and how it had taken what felt like an age for him to open up under Hux’s hand. Now, though, it sometimes felt like his ass came with a flap pre-installed for whenever Hux looks vaguely seductive in his direction. Which is whenever he looks in his direction. He swirls those fingers around, and apparently does enough because Hux shoves him back, and climbs off him. Kylo had been expecting him to just climb on top, but that isn’t what Hux wants, it seems. The man grabs pillows and pulls them into a little pile, resting over them and settling low on forearms and knees. His taut ass salutes the room, and blue eyes look over his shoulder. “Do exactly as I say. Put one foot on the floor, and the other knee on the bed.” Kylo does without hesitation, shuffling close, but not touching. “Hold your dick still while you slide it into me. Slide it all the way. If it doesn’t go all the way, you’re doing it wrong.” He is? Kylo gulps, then pinches the head of his cock. He remembers Hux sliding the crown between his cheeks, getting him ready, and he does the same to start— “Did I tell you to do that? No. Listen , you oaf, and put it in me.” Kylo rocks all the way in on the first attempt. Or, close enough. His balls nearly brush Hux’s thighs, and the tight, slick heat around his dick is delicious and so very, very wrong. So wrong. It should be the other way, no? Although it feels good , and Hux wants it, so… it must not be wrong. He chokes on a noise at the gripping, and when Hux does something inside, he nearly does black out. “I said…” though the man’s voice is a little strung-out and worn, “… all the way.” “Sorry,” Kylo mumbles, and slips back to try pushing deeper. He gets maybe a half an inch more, but there’s still a little left, and… Hux’s back arches, and he tilts his hips enough for something to work. Kylo glides home at last, and Hux’s body flinches and flickers around him, the Force bright and alive with bliss. It feels great, but he’s still concerned that he’s not going to satisfy him, not really. Even with the ring. All the way in, and he waits for more instruction, not sure if he should thrust, or let him accommodate, or… “What are you waiting for? A written permission slip? I don’t have all day, Ren.” He starts off, holding on, slamming in hard and fast. That’s what he wants, isn’t it? A good, thorough dicking by a nice, long dick. Kylo’s movements are rough and deep, and he tries to remember what tricks Hux usually pulls so he can emulate, but then: “I’m not a fucking Resistance ship, have you heard of technique?” “…I…” “Do I have to do everything?” Hux snaps, and glares over at him. “Not all at once. Stand still. Let me show you…” Kylo bites his lip and scrunches his toes tight into foot-fists, and then he doesn’t move as Hux starts to rock, impaling himself on Kylo’s dick. He moves with grace, even like this, sliding almost off and then resheathing Kylo’s prick inside him. Fast, then slow. Tight, then not. A grind around in a circle, and then a shove back hard, several times in a row, before leaving himself snugged to the balls on his thighs. “Like that. Maker . If I wanted a fat dildo I could just have opened my toy closet. It wouldn’t cry, either.” Okay, so he didn’t cry often during sex, but it has happened more than Kylo cares to admit. Normally when words or hands cut close to the mark, shearing flesh from bone, leaving him throbbing and raw. He nods, and waits, and then – when Hux snaps at him to ‘get on with it’, he tries to emulate the movements. Fast, fast, slow. Twist. Pinch and rut. He loses himself in the broken rhythms, loses himself in the warming body below him, and he’s pretty sure he’s got the hang of it when— “Get off me.” What? Kylo whines, and struggles to slow, to pull back and out. His cock wants to keep going, but he knows he has to obey. “Did I do something wrong?” “You’re just… it’s not good enough, Ren. I need it better than you can provide.” “Please… tell me what to do, I’ll do it.” Hux is already on his back, the pillows under his hips. He nods between his thighs. “Push my legs up. Make it good. Try to grace my prostate with your presence from time to time? Honestly. Were you brought up in a barn?” A Jedi temple, he thinks, but doesn’t say. Instead he hobbles closer, pushing legs up and finding one draped over his shoulder. Hux is very limber, and Kylo appreciates that. He looks down for guidance. “How would you like me to–?” “Slow, to start with. Nice and slow. And then build it up as fast as you can.” “It won’t hurt?” “If it hurts me, you will hear about it.” Kylo doesn’t doubt that. He shuffles, holding Hux’s hips, and pushes in. It’s a little rough, and Hux nods at the lube. Kylo grabs some and slathers his cock, then finds the entrance goes smoother. He tries to take him with some of the grace that Hux is known for, but he’s so excited that the band around his dick is pinchingly tight, and— “Don’t you use your Force powers to get me off, you cheating little shit.” “What? I – I wasn’t—” “In fact, I want you to stop me coming. Until I decide I’ve had enough. Think you can do that, or will your little mind explode if I ask you to think and move at the same time?” Kylo is ninety-five percent certain this abuse is just loving, because it makes his cock harder, and because Hux has to feel that twitch of prick inside of him. He doesn’t know why he gets off so hard on being humiliated, but he does. He lives for it, when it’s Hux. When it’s other people, it always made him feel… well. How ‘normal’ people feel when shamed. Shamed . Right? But when Hux does it… it feels… it tingles. It feels like shame, but it also feels like something else. Like… he deserves it, but that it helps . And… he doesn’t know how to understand that, or even if he should. He just knows it feels good, and he can’t stop coming back for more. His pace picks up by degrees, following the instructional grunts and nods, and Kylo does his best to be a good lover. He knows how much he likes being fucked, after all, and he can feel the flickers in the Force of Hux’s arousal, too. Fingers slide down his thighs, and part them wider. Stroke at his upper legs. Kisses to the inside of his knee, and he is gratified by the smallest of encouragements. Hux is enjoying this, says the blissed-out look on his face. The alternately creased, and soft brow; the tight press of lips and the little huffs of breath. Hux’s hands find his arms, holding on as he fucks him with all he can, until Hux’s eyes snap onto him. “Off.” But he was doing so well! Kylo mewls in protest, but drops down and pulls out of him. He’d felt the need to climax there, felt it almost at the tipping point, and he’d been so ready to hold Hux there, on the precipice. So ready. Hux shuffles to the bottom of the bed, and nods for Kylo to move. He can’t work out what it is that’s wanted until: “On one knee. I want you to drive up into me. If you have gravity helping, you can’t possibly fuck it up, can you?” Probably. He fucks most things up. Kylo moves as instructed, and feels arms and legs wrap around him. It’s a little more… intimate? No. They are intimate. It’s a little more affectionate than he’s used to, and there’s almost a thread of emotion underneath that Kylo wants to shelter and protect. He pushes in, and he manages to angle just so , making the man holding onto him writhe in satisfaction. His arousal is sharp and acerbic, the need of it feeling like Kylo gets when he’s held back. When words or a hand around his cock tells him no , and he has no choice but to wait . Hux grabs his hair, grabs his shoulder, and grunts out an affirmation as Kylo starts to slam up and into him. He knows that’s what’s needed, now. Knows as well as he knows breathing, and he does everything he can to take his lover with abandon. The hands on him claw, the words in his ear are insults laced with appreciation, and the shame and pride and feel of the leaking cock between them… Kylo wants to come, too. Wants it so badly he could scream. He leans against his cheek, whispers in his ear: “Please… let me make you come?” “Not… yet… Ren.” “ Please .” He wants to. He needs to. He needs to know he can get him off, and he needs him to get off. Needs to bask in the glow of his climax, and needs the tightening warmth around him to pull his climax out, too. Hux bounces himself, then, riding as much as he’s ridden, and they move in unison. Move like one beast, move like they were meant to lock into place like this. Both seeking the same goal, both determined to make it good. Hux’s face is red, his nostrils wide, his teeth so hard inside his mouth that they nearly shatter. He’s close, and if Kylo wasn’t holding him back, he’d be coming right this instant . “Please,” Kylo begs. “ Now ,” Hux commands. He lets go the mental and physical noose at once, and their thrusting gets wilder, rougher, hair and lips and saliva and sounds as Hux’s cock splashes between them, untouched. His body convulses with the shock of it, and he’s nearly climbing off Kylo’s cock to get away from the stimulus, but Kylo needs him to stay on , so he fights to keep him in position. He drags his hips, using his body, taking it even through the shocks of climax, all the way until Hux is really trying to get off, and whacking at his hands. Kylo gulps. “That was half-way decent,” Hux says, though his voice… it’s the voice of a man who’s just been well and truly fucked. He sounds satisfied, a little shaken, and smugly tired. Heavy-lidded eyes trail over him, and then he glances down. He’s covered in his own ejaculate, white streaks that splatter his flat belly. His cock is slowly flagging, and he’s panting and heaving, but trying not to. “If you clean me up nicely, I’ll let you come. I’ll even let you ask politely where you’d like to.” “May I lick you?” he asks, even though his body is screaming at him to just take . The delicious agony of not sings through his veins like icewine, and he wants so, so, so badly to keep moving. So badly. “You may,” Hux says, and falls dramatically back onto the bed. He sprawls, sliding off his cock, and waits for Kylo’s lips to get to work. The sooner he pleases him, the sooner he can come. That’s what he says as he drops his face to lap and lick and slather him clean. Over his abs, over his stomach, dipping into his navel, lapping over his cock. It twitches away from him, but he chases it and suckles very softly on the tip. Suckles until he’s whacked again, and he pulls back. “Where do you want to finish?” On him? On his chest, or his face? In his mouth? Or… Can he? Dare he? Is it even… “You may,” Hux says. Kylo’s heart soars as he pulls off the ring, and slips back into him. Hux is lying down again, his legs sloppy over his, ankles over calves, and the thrusting is less furious and somehow just as good. Fingers with less force, but still touching. Short, sharp ruts and then he’s coming inside of his General. Bathing his insides with their union, sobbing with gratitude for this gift of pleasure. He’s come inside of him, and he feels so very, very, very honoured to be allowed that right. “Thank you,” he whispers. Nuzzles at his cheek. Feels fingers in his hair, on his shoulders. “I’ll train you to be a good lay, yet, Ren. But don’t think this will be a regular occurrence.” It doesn’t need to be. It might make it less special, if it were. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 13 of the Kylux - Dom Hux, sub Kylo series Next Work →