Waking Up Summary: In transit, Hux becomes introspective. Hux sat alone, in command of the Duskwing , a ship he had never been inside before that day. He monitored the systems as best he could. He liked what they had to tell him about trajectory and propulsion system health. He was beginning to be mildly concerned about fuel. He was not at all happy about the state of the aft shields. Every fifteen minutes, he got up to check on Ren. In between times he thought about his new status as coward traitor. Cowardice felt very different to the way he had expected. He had expected to feel sick with shame. Instead he felt slightly numb, the way one can sometimes feel after an intense battle simulation. Perhaps saving one’s own skin was pragmatism, rather than cowardice. Although it was foolish to think of it as saving his skin: Hux knew that he could not expect mercy if he gave himself up to the Resistance. That was surely the end game of Ren’s running away, what with his stated desire to ally with “her”, the Girl, the Jakku Scavenger, the Jedi. He felt confident, though, that the backward traitors he had vowed to extinguish would treat him cleanly, with straightforward imprisonment or execution. His fate at the hands of the First Order would be his fate at the hands of Snoke, and he actually burned with shame that it had taken him so long to face up to that fact. Ren’s words, “They’ll do far worse than cut the stripes off you,” had echoed in his head throughout his final duty hours. Hux had got rid of a few people on his way up, and he always thought that he had done so cleanly. One clean kill, and two who had… gone away. Out of the way and no longer worth consideration. But now he reflected: he had a fair idea of what would have happened to Major Ekvass after she had “disappeared,” and had he at any point believed that Colonel Teinar was serving out a tedious posting at a remote mining facility? Of course he fucking hadn’t. Hux hadn’t directly ordered anything messy to happen to them, and wouldn’t, all else being equal, have chosen for anything messy to happen to them. But messy things happened out of sight and off the edge of the picture. Of course they did. And that was without giving full consideration to the level of unpleasantness that was enacted when a sadist like Snoke was pulling the strings. Hux chastised himself for being such a damnable fucking idiot for so long. He really had thought that his brilliance would keep him in the Supreme Leader’s good books. He really had thought that if he kept the upper hand in his rivalry with Kylo Ren, then he would be guaranteed a seat at the top table, and maybe even a fucking big seat with “Leader” on it, or even “Emperor”. But Kylo had explained that night, last night, in between sobs; that Snoke had ordered him to kill his own father for no other reason than to see him suffer and torture himself with guilt. If their Supreme Leader could do something so sadistic to one of them, he could do it to the other. He was toying with them and would eventually destroy them. Ren had said quite explicitly that their replacements had already been lined up. This wasn’t saving one’s own skin. This was an attempt to leave a reasonably pristine corpse with the minimum of broken bones and missing teeth. A skin with a few small neat holes in it, no major parts missing. No mess. He thought of Kylo Ren’s skin that already bore the marks of the scourge when he had first uncovered it (and how he’d made a sharp intake of breath and thought “Bit intense, this Force training”), and he thought of Ren’s skin as he had held him and tenderly, sweetly, fucked him last night, and the newer scars he had noticed on Ren’s back and his legs. If he could save them, if he could get away with prison or house arrest or, he dared think, life as a fugitive with Ren, that would be a positive boon. Yesterday he had been ready to die for the Order at Kylo Ren’s hands. But that would have been done cleanly, with the lightsaber. He reached into his hip pocket and drew out a small knife. He always kept it sharp, and it would certainly be sharp enough for his needs. The seams holding his General’s armbands to the left sleeve of this jacket were neatly sewn and when cut in one or two places, could be unpicked. The same went for the patch bearing the First Order insignia. It was a simple task that rewarded a methodical approach. Once done with the jacket, he rose, unclipped his greatcoat, and performed the same duty on that garment. It was honour, in its own way. He went to check on Kylo again. He found a piece of grubby paper tucked inside a pocket fold of his surcoat. He unfolded it. It was a list. From top to bottom it read: Hux Escape Contact Rey –via T.A? Home? The first item had been checked off. Next to the check mark were scrawls of words: dreams, yes, with me, yes. Next to the item Escape were scrawled the words Laspen, Hegaria? T.A contact? And, next, there they were in black and white. Rey, the Jedi; and Home, which meant General Leia Organa and the Resistance. He felt uncomfortable, and anxious, but not panic or rage at what really ought to be defeat and betrayal. Perhaps he had already crossed too many lines already. And never mind the question of who or what the hell T.A was. Wake up, Ren you bastard and give me a proper briefing. Kylo kept breathing quietly, and Hux gave him a thin, sad smile. This seemingly chaotic man had made some form of rudimentary to-do list, and he was the first item on the list. He felt like he was almost about to cry again, for the second time in 24 hours. Unprecedented. Someone had wanted him enough to travel across the galaxy to get him and… Hux didn’t know what words came next. “Force him to betray his principles,” wasn’t right. “Kidnap him,” certainly wasn’t. “Rescue him”? Was that it? He had dreamt of being picked up and carried like some weak little thing, his arms locked around Ren, clinging pathetically. And he had liked it. What does he want from me? I must be useful to him, instrumental to him somehow. People only want me for what I can do for them after all. Everything has a use and a purpose. Maximise strength and efficiency, minimise weaknesses. Hux hated hearing his thoughts in his father’s voice. Maybe all Ren wanted was to be cared about. Hux didn’t have to pretend that it would be inconceivable for anyone to care about him. He did. So much it hurt. He cursed the mistakes he’d made. Ren’s opinions on the matter had been “I want to be with you. I see you by my side, giving me strength” and “I need you” and “I can see myself happy with you.” It seemed rather unequivocal. How typical that the one thing Ren wanted from him was the one thing he had no real experience in providing. If only he wanted a trench dug or a solar plasma gathering plant built or a starfighter squadron deployed or a new hyperdrive sourced. Or even his fucking boots polished and a shirt ironed. Hux folded the paper back up and tucked it back into Kylo’s clothes. The list wasn't ideal from the point of view of op-sec, but it was safer on Kylo's person than anywhere else. He stood and looked down at the quiet warm bulk of Kylo; the sleeping Knight, the latest traitor. In many ways, he realised, he barely knew him. Yet it was undeniable now that he did care about him, deeply. How the hell had this happened? If Kylo had been like this when they met, Hux thought, capable of sharing jokes and gifts and tenderness, he would have… probably been professional and restrained himself. Hux thought of how he hadn’t exactly restrained himself, in actual fact. Since the very first shocking time he’d seen Kylo Ren without his helmet and mask, all black hair and unnerving golden brown eyes and that strange, singular face, he had been very physically attracted indeed. A striking, beautiful young man in the place of a monster, and Hux had been undone. No. Not even that was the truth. He had seen the shape of Ren’s arms and chest before he had any idea what was under the visor. He had noticed them and had opinions about them. And so at some point, he had undertaken to seduce Ren out of some mixture of spite and rivalry and desperate lust. Somewhere along the line, somewhere in that process, Hux had fallen in love: quite some time before their unexpected and surreal reunion, if he was honest with himself. He had not been professional and had not restrained himself. Being whatever this was, in love , if that’s what it was, felt different to the way he had expected, too. It tore at him, at his whole body. It was very definitely a weakness, and a dangerous one; but he couldn’t snap out of it, and far more worryingly, had no wish to snap out of it. Hux had long ago found that weaknesses could be tolerated as long as they were kept completely hidden and did not affect anything. Data and results are all that matters. It was a clever cheat to the system, he felt, and it was the only thing that had kept him distantly sane all these years. The thing about this weakness, though, was that it was no longer hidden. He could not ignore the fact that he had just run away with Kylo Ren, and that his motivation for doing so was in part a romantic one. Sit rep: Deserter and fugitive. Still orbiting Outer Rim planet, presumably a shithole, though gazetteer claims it a “provincial trading node”. Enough fuel for 5 hours. Recommend start considering contingency plan for landing and reconnaissance. Kylo Ren vital signs and condition remain good. Continue to observe at 15 min intervals. Everything far beyond strange. A noise behind him brought him great relief. Ren was stirring from his sleep. “Ren?” “Hmm?” “You OK?” Ren slowly shambled to the cockpit. “Where are we?” “Orbiting Laspen III.” “Oh, good. That’s good.” “I was waiting for you to wake up, and getting quite concerned that we would run out of fuel waiting. Had landing planned but plans beyond that were very sparse.” Kylo rubbed his forehead with the back of his hand. “How long was I out?” “Nearly four hours. I checked on you every fifteen minutes.” “So we made it through. Good.” “Ren. Did you use the Force to stop a cannon pulse?” “I tried. Seems like it worked.” Kylo was trying to appear blasé, but his little smile showed that he was rather proud of himself. “Well. The aft shields are almost completely shagged. But we have structural integrity, thankfully.” Hux fixed his eyes on Ren. “You stopped a cannon pulse?” “Mm. Took it out of me a bit.” There was an understatement. “I was impressed back when I first saw you learning to stop blaster bolts. But you just stopped a pulse of fire from a Star Destroyer. I am honestly amazed.” “I told you if we came under fire I’d give it everything I had.” He really had meant everything . Hux needed to consider practicalities. “Do we have a plan of action once we get to our coordinates on Laspen III? Is this place somewhere we can rest and lie low for a bit, because we really need to rest, and we must make repairs to this ship.” “There’s a spaceport. We can park up there without attracting too much of the wrong kind of attention. As long as you don’t start wandering around in your General’s uniform. I’ll change out of these, too.” “You have a change of clothes? From where?” “There were some old things left in a locker. And I’ve been stealing things and hiding them in here, whenever I was allowed out.” What did he mean by that childish phrase allowed out , Hux wondered. Allowed out. Like someone who could barely be trusted. Like someone who did not have his freedom; someone under duress. “Hmm. Good skills. I have plenty of kit, but it’s pretty obviously military. Stormtrooper base layers will work, I think, but I need something on top to make it look civilian. All I have in that regard is forest and desert camouflage top layers.” He sighed through his nose and shook his head. “And my sodding dress uniform still on. I cut the insignia and stripes off while you were asleep. Couldn’t bear to have them on there.” “I’ll find something for you. I had some things picked out with you in mind.” Ren went aft and Hux heard him enter a room or a storage area. Then he was hauling out his duffel bag and tipping it onto the crew bunk on which he’d been sleeping. Hux heard him muttering “grey one, blue one, he can have that, spare training pants,” and then came the sound of robes shucked off, layer by layer. Hux glanced back and saw Ren in trousers and undershirt, tugging a grey tunic over his head. “How do I look?” “You look wonderful.” “Do I look like a normal person?” “You look like… an unsavoury element. A dodgy piece of work. A highly attractive dodgy piece of work, though.” “I left some things out for you. A blue shirt thing that I think will fit you. There’s a piece of cloth you can wear as a scarf. I’ve seen people wearing them.” Ren sat down at the controls, and Hux got up to see what kind of awful scruffy stolen rags he’d be wearing. Hux took off his dress jacket and sighed at the thought of never wearing the figure hugging silk grosgrain ever again. He knew he looked superb in uniform; the cut and lines suited him, and of course the line of the shoulders and a little subtle padding did give the impression of slightly more bulk than he possessed. He looked down at his dress breeches and sighed again, before removing his boots, stripping off his lower half and replacing his breeches with the lower half of a Stormtrooper base layer from his kit bag. Tucked into socks and boots, it wasn’t bad at all. The boots if anything were the weak point, as civilians would not keep them so shiny. The rougher look of Kylo’s boots seemed more appropriate. The blue shirt Kylo had provided fit acceptably well and was clean, but was much rougher than his uniform shirt, and scratchy around the neck and cuffs. He tried the scarf, draping it around his neck and tying a loose knot in it. He felt like an exhibit at the social history museum: he’d have a little card that read, “the ill-discipline of the criminal underclasses can be observed in their slack and untidy dress”. “OK, then, how about me?” Ren gasped. “Oh, Hux,” he breathed. “You look lovely. Oh, come here.” His eyes shone. “I’ve never seen you in anything except uniform or your own naked skin. You look so good. Come here and let me mess up your hair.” “Do I have to?” “Yes! You need to look less like you. People know what you look like. At least make your hair different.” Hux leant down and let Kylo muss his hair up with his long bony fingers. It felt nice. He closed his eyes and leaned in to Kylo’s hands, like a pet asking for scratches and attention, like Ren himself had done back in the middle days of what he supposed he had to consider as their first relationship. “Let me see you now.” Ren took his hands away and looked at Hux. “Oh, fuck, you look incredible.” His chest rose and fell and his lips were wet. “I mean, shit, you look hot, with your hair like that. Maybe we should leave the autopilot on and just quickly fuck, I mean we can do it right here if you like. And you don’t look like a General at all.” Hux ignored the somewhat clumsy proposition, and kept to the actual matter at hand. “I liked looking like a General. I liked being one.” “I know, but we can’t go around being ourselves.” Quite obviously. “Who are we, though, if we aren’t General Hux and Kylo Ren?” “I have some ideas for parts we can play. As for who we are, I think I know who I am, but I don’t entirely know who that is.” Hux pursed his lips and exhaled. “You don’t reassure me.” “I'm making it up as I go along.” “You really don’t reassure me.” He considered the situation for a moment. It was sufficiently surreal that it probably would suit Ren’s improvisational whims. Although they really, really, needed a concrete plan. Ren was not doing so badly to have got them this far, to be scrupulously and painfully fair. “It’s alright so far. And I like you so far, whoever you think you are.” He laughed, a short, sardonic laugh. ”Whatever the hell that means, and whatever that’s worth.” Laspen III was looming large through the front viewport, brown and green and blue. It would very soon be time to descend. Chapter 2 : At The Spaceport Summary: Minor spaceship maintenance, eating, drinking, and crying. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren took the Duskwing through the atmosphere of Laspen III. Hux monitored coolant flow to the damaged section of the ship, and was relieved when they were through the hot portion of the descent. They coasted over scrubland and landed the Duskwing at a spaceport, tucking it into a covered parking bay on the side of the port reserved for private and light commercial craft. “We’ll need to get those shields repaired. Physical protection is compromised as well as several shield generation matrices,” said Hux as they undid their harnesses and climbed out of their seats. “We will. First, though, I need to do the same to the Duskwing as we’ve done to ourselves.” Kylo was making his way toward the back of the ship. “And that would be?” “Make it a little less distinctive. All this toothy stuff at the front is purely cosmetic. The Knights thought it looked good.” “Oh, I see.” Hux intended his reply to sound plain and entirely non-judgemental, and did not succeed. It was suddenly apparent to him that of all the Knights of Ren, their Master, with his signature look styled after a large pile of laundry topped with a small dented bucket, had the most taste and class. “Does it look good?” “No.” “Oh, that’s good news. It’s all coming off.” Kylo opened the side hatch and jumped off while it was still lowering itself to the ground. “Showoff,” thought Hux. Then he took his lightsaber from his belt, and ignited it. “What are you doing?” “It’s all coming off,” and he sliced off a winglet, blinking and holding his head back against the spurts of molten durasteel coming off the cut. “Shit! I need my helmet for this.” He leapt back into the ship, grabbed his helmet and put it on. “That’s better,” he said, shortly followed by “I ought to turn off the voice distorter now. It’s not necessary.” “Wait, you can turn it off?” Kylo unclasped and removed the helmet. “Yes. There’s a toggle just here, under the rim.” Hux blinked and laughed. “You’re not even joking. You mean to say I could have reached in under there and turned that off any time I liked, all these years?” “I would have liked to see you try.” “You sound like an utter idiot through that thing, and you always have. I know it’s meant to be intimidating and I’m sure to some people it is, but you just sound like a faulty droid. Sorry. I’ve said it now.” “Fuck off, Hux.” Hux snorted. Ren put the helmet back on and carried on slicing off winglets from the front of the Duskwing . As he went, the ship took on more of the look of a stock mini transporter from about fifty years ago. He went back over each cut, leaving as neat a finish as he could. When done, he took off his helmet and gave it to Hux. “Put that back in the netting, but put a bag or something in front of it to hide it.” “Can I see what you’ve done?” “Of course. Step this way.” Ren extended his arm with a flourish. He looked every inch a used-starship salesman, and he seemed to be enjoying himself. “Not bad, huh? Costs credits to hire a plasma cutter, so I’ve saved us money if you want to keep any note of that.” “Well done. Looks different already.” Ren put his hands on his hips and admired his work. “We will hire some droids to repaint it. This shade of grey is custom, and I want to take this ship back to stock, make it as inconspicuous as I can.” “A good strategy.” “On the outside only – I wouldn’t give up the modifications to the sublight drive and the manoeuvring thruster array. Or the hyperdrive. Or the power plant.” “Oh, don’t touch the manoeuvring thruster array,” said Hux. “It’s amazing to pilot this thing. So responsive. It did exactly what I wanted under my hands, and I was pushing right up against the limits, I felt.” Ren picked up a piece of steel and carried it to a recycling pod at the side of the bay. Hux decided to help. “Shit, these are heavy. Can you not use the Force?” “I’m taking a little time to gather and replenish my Force powers. I’m OK physically though.” “Here is a suggestion. Why not simply cut them up into smaller bits. Then we can take several easy trips instead of a few hard ones. And I can help you more effectively. I’m not as strong as you, unfortunately, as you well know, and if I’m to be the slightest bit of assistance rather than dead weight…” The lightsaber hummed and crackled through a piece of bodywork. “I’m doing it. Stop complaining.” Hux picked up a now smaller piece of steel. “Small enough now?” Ren asked. “Yes. Fine.” A thought occurred to Hux. He frowned. “When did you last eat? Please don’t say last night.” “I found some biscuits in your room. I ate them.” Ren continued slicing up the lumps of severed body kit into smaller pieces. Some biscuits. That packet of biscuits Hux had had in that cupboard for who knows how long. He’s done all this on a packet of rich tea biscuits. He is a maniac and he has to be stopped. “You need to eat. Is there food on this ship?” “Some instant noodle and instant soup. A few packets of self-forming bread. We can get food here, though, in the port.” “Hmm. I would rather not parade myself in front of a crowd of people, not just yet.” “There may be a vending machine.” Kylo moved towards a door at the rear of the bay and beckoned Hux to follow him. “Come and see if there’s a vending machine. Come on. Don’t be afraid, not now.” “Aren’t you going to secure the ship?” Kylo waved his fingers and the side hatch closed and locked. Hux raised an eyebrow. “Oh, of course.” A warm hand landed on Hux’s waist, and gave him a quick reassuring squeeze. He opened the door into a wide corridor walled in pale grey and dull green Duracrete and lit with a series of bare lights. At the end of the corridor was a row of vending machines and a water cooler. “See?” said Ren. “If we’re lucky, one of these will be a hot food dispenser.” From left to right, the array of vending machines constituted a sweatpants vending machine “four sizes to fit a wide range of bipeds”, a vending machine for power packs and converters, a snack vending machine, a hot and cold drink dispenser, and a hot food vending machine helpfully labelled HOT FOODS . On the front of the hot food vending machine were pictured various dishes: several variants on something brown alongside something beige; a pile of alarming orange sausages soaking in an alarming pale blue sauce; a dark greyish brown mess with flesh chunks in it that looked like something you’d shovel off a battlefield after a particularly brutal victory; and a hot meat sandwich. “Hmm,” said Hux. “Hot foods, delicious hot foods,” said Ren, low and rich and mildly, knowingly, sarcastic; and Hux wondered why this damned man sometimes had to say ordinary things in such a sexy voice. It wasn’t fair. He recalled thinking, infuriated, months, no, years ago, “Don’t use the sexy voice on me, Kylo Ren, it isn’t going to work. The helmet voice doesn’t work on me and neither does this.” And then he recalled some of the things Kylo had said to him and asked of him, deep, low, rich and sultry, and just how well it had worked after all. Damn it. “Everything looks terrible,” Hux said. “But we have to eat something. Does it take credits or tokens? Do we have tokens?” Kylo knelt down at a corner of the machine. He touched his left hand to the red enamel surface. “It takes a little of this,” and tensed his fingers; “and a little of this,” and walloped the machine with his right fist. A compartment on the side of the machine fell open, and copious coins and tokens poured out. He scooped handfuls of them into his pockets. A common criminal. “OK, let’s get some hot food. What do you want?” “Whatever’s least bad. I think that one,” and Hux pushed a button next to a picture of some lumps in sauce alongside a heap of indeterminate carbohydrate. Kylo picked the alarming sausages and the dark brown carnage. The machine’s display panel indicated three hot foods had been purchased, and started counting down seconds until they would be ready. Hux was a little confused. “You didn’t put any money in – so why did you bother getting money out, if you’d cheated it anyway?” “Might need the coins and tokens later. We could get snacks. Or pants.” The machine beeped, and a fiberplex box clacked down into the pick up slot and slid to the front, followed shortly by two more beeps and two more boxes. “Let’s get a cold drink,” suggested Hux. “Tokens are in my pocket” “OK. Oh.” Hux reached into Ren’s trouser pocket. “Hello.” “Oh, hello.” Ren’s voice was soft and low. “Are you looking for tokens, or something else?” “Well, you insatiable creature,” said Hux, reaching further in and letting his fingers brush over where Ren was half-hard, “I suggest we feed you first, and then come back to this.” He took a few tokens, leaving Ren catching his breath, and got himself a pear juice and a water. It was always fun to tease. Ren carried the hot foods, and Hux the drinks. “What bay are we in, 45 or 46?” asked Ren. “Bay 46. Did you actually not know or are you testing me? What is the point in having your abilities if you can’t remember where you parked your ship?” Ren sighed. “I knew you’d remember where we were parked” “Couldn’t you sense the ship or something?” “Of course I can sense the ship. It’s right through that wall, in either bay 45 or 46.” “I will never stop finding you infuriating.” Back on the Duskwing , the two settled down on the lowest of the crew bunks, using it like a sofa. Hux tore open the lid of his fiberplex box and loosened a spoon from the underside. He peeled back the inner lid of the box, and sniffed the steam that arose from the food, cautiously. “Smells alright.” He dug in to the sauce and the fluffy white couscous-like substance. “Doesn’t taste of much at all. Had a lot worse.” Ren had already finished the alarming orange sausages in blue sauce. Hux tried the lumps, which turned out to be a thick white curd cheese that squeaked against his teeth. Ren ripped open his second box and peeled back the lid. It smelled fantastic, all pepper and meat and richness. He tried a spoonful, a chunk of red sausage and a few beans. ‘This is delicious.” A slab of flesh replete with subcutaneous fat yielded to his spoon. “This is really good. Hux, try some of this.” He offered the box to Hux, who took a careful spoonful. The fat melted against his mouth and the sauce tasted of meat and pepper and garlic and warmth. “Mmm, that’s very nice.” He leaned against Ren and took another spoonful, this time of the dark, almost black substance that gave the dish its off-putting colour. It was soft and tasted of onion and nutmeg and a warm, full darkness, and he realised it was blood sausage, which he had had a few times before but never liked. This was good, though. Ren put the box on his knee, and they shared. Hux put the empty boxes, juice carton and spoons on the battered metal countertop opposite them, and sat back next to Ren, reclining against the wall of the bunk. “I like you,” he said. “Have I said that?” “Yes, you did mention it.” “I didn’t like you before. To be more accurate, I liked you a very small amount for a small amount of the time.” “We work together acceptably well now, though, I think.” “More than acceptably. Is that just because you’re different? I don’t know.” Kylo stayed silent for a little while, then asked, with a little hesitation, “Dion, why did you come away with me?” Hux was unsure once again of what to make of Ren’s use of his first name. It seemed at once oddly intimate and overly formal. “Because I thought you needed a military escort,” he said, with a twitch of a smile. Then he sighed and prepared to answer more seriously. “Because I couldn’t stay any more. I realised you were right. I didn’t want to find out the hard way what was going to happen to me. I already suspected, somewhere in the back of my mind, I was eventually going to have to die. So, to put it simply, when I thought you had come to kill me and it turned out you hadn’t, the change was set in motion. And what with everything you said about my position and your position, I came to see where I stood. The fog cleared.” “Did you already want out?” “I don’t know. I don’t think so. Maybe I did. I was certainly worried about my situation, but I didn’t ever let myself think about wanting out. Not on the menu. Besides, I was too busy to sit and think.” “This last year, for very long stretches of time I have had nothing to do but sit and think. On that bleak plateau hundreds of kilometres from anywhere, abandoned and not coming to my senses nearly quickly enough. Keeping myself there because I thought it was for my own good. Because all I knew is that it was too late.” Ren sounded weary and ashamed. Hux was deeply troubled by each new piece of information Ren gave him about his training. It seemed to be largely physical, and now mental, torture. Training was hard, of course: work was often hard, and one had to get on with it. The use of aversive stimuli was sometimes necessary for correction and development of behaviour: he had known that for a very long time. He had put it into practice in the training, education and conditioning of his troops, following his father’s own example. But Kylo Ren’s experience appeared to be more of punishment for its own sake, and that was not training or conditioning; that was a cruel and obscene waste of time and precious resource. It was not rational nor productive, and seemed to go against everything they were supposed to stand for. Plus, it had hurt Ren, and for that reason it was deeply and painfully wrong. He even wondered how much actual training in the use of the Force Ren had received. Hopefully, some day soon, Kylo would be able to tell more of how he had decided to give up and leave, how he had become so much easier to get along with, so comparatively pleasant. In the story as he had told it late last night, Darth Vader and his legacy and his… ghost had had a lot to do with it, but there really had been an awful lot to take in, and matters of the Force were always somewhat impenetrable to Hux. “And there was us,” said Hux. “I came to trust you, with my life, with more than my life, with everything I am. My feelings were… they developed, rapidly. I would have said such a thing was impossible, but it happened.” “Your situation was unstable. It had to change.” “Yes, exactly that. I was ready to fall and only needed a small push. Or, if you like, it was a sudden phase transition, as occurs in the formation of durasteel.” Ren wrinkled his brow at Hux. “That’s very poetic.” “Metallurgy. It’s interesting.” Ren sighed and smiled. “Metallurgy. Force preserve us. Never stop reminding me that you’re an engineer at heart.” “I’ll tell you something that led to this phase change. You were nice to me.” “Is that all it takes?” “Look, let me show you.” Hux stood up and took his dress jacket from the bunk above them. “All through the day, yesterday, I would slip my hand into my pocket, and feel that this was there.” He put his hand into his pocket, and drew out a rather small piece of toast; a piece of toast with his first name burnt onto one side and his last name on the other. Ren’s smile was shy and soft. “Oh. Oh, Hux, you really liked it.” “I loved it. You made this for me. Nobody makes things for me. All day long I knew that someone liked me enough to do something like this.” Hux sat back down next to Ren and continued to admire the little piece of toast that was his and his alone. “I wanted to. I thought you would like it.” “You maybe don’t understand. Nobody does nice things for me spontaneously, because they want to. Take my officers. They are respectful towards me. I behave in a fashion that commands respect. It is impersonal, it is predictable, and it works like a machine.” Hux continued. “And all through my life, if I have received a gift, it was because giving that gift was the expected thing to do. I don’t want to sound ungrateful to anyone; I’m just trying to explain. Very formal, impersonal gifts at set times for set reasons. When I was assigned to the Finalizer , my mother gave me that ceremonial tea set because it was expected to give a gift for such an occasion.” Kylo flinched at the mention of the tea set that had been last seen in fragments on the floor of Hux’s quarters. Hux continued. “We all know what’s expected of us. This,” he said, directing attention towards the piece of toast, “wasn’t expected. This meant something. Do you see?” “Yes, I think so. That’s rather sad.” “No, it isn’t and I’m stupid for thinking it’s important. Just officer class training, functioning as intended. It certainly doesn’t compare to your life.” “Maybe, maybe not. When I was small, I had a great deal of love and kindness. When I look back with eyes unclouded, I see that I was treated very well. We didn’t understand each other. That was all.” It clearly pained him to remember. “But I was invited to believe that I didn’t belong there. I had it taken away from me. But you never had it.” Hux felt a sudden pain of envy. “I’ve never talked about my upbringing before. I didn’t think it was worthy of note.” He then changed the subject to a more practical matter. “Where are we going to sleep? These bunks are very narrow.” “We can sleep in the other room. I’ll show you.” Hux was led through a door he’d noticed when he first boarded the Duskwing . The room was more than large enough for a couch and table, but it was actually almost completely filled by three large mattresses. “It’s not been used for a while, but it’s fairly clean, I hope. We’d all sleep in here.” Compared to Hux’s usual living conditions, it was squalid. But it did not smell bad, and the blanket covering the mattress closest to the door looked clean. “This will do. We can sleep next to each other, at least. I’ll fetch my kit bag.” He did, and carefully took out his wash bag and a suitable undershirt and shorts to sleep in. Behind the door hung a polished invisisteel mirror. “Let’s see what we look like together in these clothes.” They stood together in front of the mirror, Hux with his arm tucked around Kylo’s waist. He smiled. “Not so bad. Different, certainly.” Suddenly Hux was aware that something was wrong. He felt Ren’s back stiffen under his hand, and heard an awful sound, a gulped, barked cry, before his eyes really registered the picture in the mirror. Ren’s face was twisted in pain, and there was that cry, ragged and wrenching. He heard it again, then again. Ren was sobbing; hard, tearing, ripping sobs. He reached his hands out to the mirror to touch his own reflection. He was sobbing, shaking, howling, falling against the mirror, making more of those awful wrenching, barking cries. His head fell against itself on the mirror and he slid to the floor, howling high and loud like a terrible bird. He shook; his whole body shook, leaning against the mirror. Hux knelt beside him and gently laid a hand on him. “My Dad. My Dad. I want my Dad. And he’s gone.” “Oh, Ren.” “I just want my Dad. And I can’t, I can’t, I can’t.” He tailed off into incoherence. “I’m so sorry.” “He’d know what to do. He’d be proud at last. He’d know. He’d be able to help us. I can’t. I can’t ever make it right.” Hux hugged him tightly. “No, no, don’t touch me. Don’t. You can’t.” Hux let go. “Don’t touch me, don’t look at me, don’t think about me, you can’t. Don’t ever. Don’t. Don’t.” Ren chanted the words as if he physically couldn’t prevent himself from repeating them over and over, or from hitting his head and his fist against the mirror, over and over and over and over. “No need to do that. I’m here. I won’t go away.” Kylo sobbed and screamed and clung to the mirror. “I want my Dad. I want him to come and help me. I killed him. I’m ruined. Don’t touch me. I’m lost.” “You aren’t lost. I’m here.” Hux reached out a hand towards him. He had held this man in his arms and calmed his terrors before, and he needed to hold him now. “It’s alright, darling. It’s alright. Hush. Let me hold you. Let me look after you. Just let me. Please.” Kylo buried himself in Hux’s shoulder. “Please help me.” “I’ll always help you.” Hux stroked Kylo’s back and soothed him. “It was a terrible thing that happened. I understand why you did it. You had your orders. This is in part why I ran away with you. Because of who we’re running from. It isn’t right.” Ren’s sobs calmed enough to allow him to speak in short bursts. “He loved me. The last thing he ever did was, he loved me.” He bit on his lips and wept quietly, looking away into the middle distance. “I feared I couldn’t stay on my path. I feared it was wrong for me. But I kept trying. I had to. It was too late. I told him. I stepped away from my path but it was too late. Whatever I do now won’t bring him back. I didn’t want to do it. Please understand I didn’t want to do it.” “I know.” “How can anyone love me now? I want my mom to know I’m sorry. Maybe she knows through the Force.” Hux felt he had to ask the question now. Get it out in the open. “Ren. Do you want to go home?” “Yes. You don’t have to come.” Ren looked up at him, his tear-stained face a little panicked. “Not all the way. I don’t need you to betray yourself. I could leave you somewhere. I don’t want to leave you. I don’t want to.” “Shhh. We will decide what to do. All in good time. But not while you’re upset. It isn’t the best use of your mental resources.” “Thank you,” Ren mumbled into Hux’s damp shirt. His breathing slowed and calmed and he seemed to melt a little, into Hux’s steady embrace. It was still out of Hux’s sphere of expertise, but evidence was starting to show that his comfort, awkward as it might be, had a positive effect on Kylo. This poor wild brutal creature who needed to be held and comforted and loved. Hux would do his best, and make the best of Ren. “Hux?” “Mm?” “My grandfather. He wants me to go back” Hux was bewildered by this idea, first discussed the previous night, that Ren’s grandfather, Lord bleeding Vader, in the name of all antimatter , really did speak from the afterlife after all. He decided not to think too hard about it, but instead to engage with the concept on its own terms. That was sometimes the best way to gain intelligence, he found. “Do you still hear his voice or was it just the one time?” “He appears from time to time. This morning or yesterday morning or whatever it was he told me he was proud of me for talking to you about leaving.” Ren said, calmed by Hux holding him, leaning over him and gathering him to his chest. “Does he think your mother will want to see you?” “Yes. He seems very certain.” Hux kept feeling his way towards the appropriate vocabulary and framing for his questions. “Do you feel something… in the Force, to tell you she will?” Ren pressed his head against Hux’s chest. “I do. But I’m so afraid. And besides, she has better men to be like sons to her. Dameron. Even your 2187. I should stay away. But I feel it, maybe. Grandfather is so certain.” “I’m with you now, and I care about you. A great deal.” “Thank you.” Hux stroked Ren’s hair, feeling it soft like silk between his fingers. “You came and found me and saved me from a situation that was going to destroy me. Someone came and found me because they wanted me and cared about me, and that has never happened in all my life. I will always look after you.” Kylo sniffed back his tears. “I looked in the mirror, and I look like him. With this shirt on, I look like him. I hadn’t seen him for ten, twelve years and I looked in the mirror and saw him, saw how he used to be when I was a little kid.” He kept trying to explain. “I told you about it last night, but I was keeping myself apart, detached from it. I told you the facts: what happened and why I was made to do it, but I wasn’t talking about how it felt. He was my Dad. I missed him so much, but I wasn’t allowed to.” Hux nodded, as if he understood. “That sort of emotion, all of that, was forbidden. I had to keep myself detached. My path needed my full focus. Everything had to feed into the Dark Side of the Force. Everything. Nothing left for those feelings. Nothing left.” Kylo sobbed again. “He used to wear his blaster on his hip like this, even. He wanted to keep us safe. He wasn't very good at it, maybe. He didn’t know what I know. But he wanted to. He tried. That's what we want. What you want. Isn't it?” “Of course. We’ll make it alright. We will.” In reassuring Kylo, Hux was forced to consider his own beliefs about Han Solo. He was an enemy of the Empire and the First Order, a criminal, a smuggler, a rogue, an undesirable element, and yet… It was apparent that Kylo Ren seemingly without the influence of Snoke was, well, brave, funny and impossibly, naively romantic. This was the boy Han Solo had fathered and raised. So far on this journey, this adventure, Ren had been somewhat criminally roguish, too, and Hux had, while disapproving, rather liked it. The trick with the vending machine had been, he thought, a good tactical use of resources. “I could do with a drink after all this. Do you have any booze on board this ship?” “I think we might have. In a locker here, we used to stash some booze and there might still be some.” Ren wiped his eyes with his sleeve and opened one locker then another. “Here it is. This must have been here years. It’ll still be drinkable.” He pulled out a bottle of a dark purplish red liquid. “What’s that?” “Black liquorice spirit”. Ren passed the bottle to Hux. The bottle had a black label with white and red writing on it, declaring it to be a distilled spirit infused with black liquorice, pepper, and an ingredient Hux could have sworn was some sort of agricultural chemical. Hux, a man used to drinking decent malt whisky and the occasional gin cocktail, was not keen. From the aesthetic of the label alone, this looked every drop like the drink of choice of a bunch of misfit youngsters with undeveloped palates. Oh, good. “Sorry, Hux. No fine Corellian brandy, no single malt whisky here. It’s a drink, and you wanted a drink.” His voice was still thick from crying, but he was clearly on the mend, as judged by his ability to take the piss out of Hux. “Do you have something to drink it out of?” Ren fetched two plex drinking glasses from the galley. Hux poured himself a generous measure. He sniffed. Like cough medicine. He drank. “Bloody hell this is awful.” Deep personal affront was written on his face. “Like cough medicine with salt and horrendousness and metal polish in it. How dare this drink do this to me. It’s like being slapped on the face, but inside my mouth. This is awful.” He took another sip. Kylo smiled through the flush of his tears. “You’re drinking it though.” “What this is, basically, is you, in drink form. It’s absolutely fucking awful, and I can’t stop myself from drinking it.” “You’ll start liking it in a minute.” Kylo took quite a large drink. “I already have.” Hux took another swig of the appalling booze. “There’s something about it. ” “I’m not absolutely fucking awful any more. Not absolutely.” “No. You are showing signs of developing into either a rather nice brandy, or one of those very sweet sticky liqueurs that aunts drink” “Hux, do you want to know something? I like those sweet drinks. Don’t tell anyone.” Hux sniggered at the thought of the fearsome Kylo Ren sneaking a bottle of apricot liqueur into his room. “Come on, let’s take off our boots and get comfortable.” They leant up against the wall, side by side, legs stretched out in front of them. Ren sipped a little more of the liquorice spirit. “This takes me back. We’d all sit round and drink this, after…” “After ‘eliminating threats’ and ‘paving the way to order’.” “Yeah. And ‘Purifying the well of the Force’. The names we give things. They can show the truth, or they can be… it strikes me as a kind of dishonesty, now, to call things by names that aren’t quite right.” “Different names for the same awful mess. We’re both a mess, Kylo.” “You’re not. You’re the opposite of that.” “I’m a mess inside. Surely you can see that, with your unique skills.” “Yeah, of course I can. I was trying to be nice, I suppose.” Hux laughed sharply. “I like your legs,” he said, changing the subject again. “My legs?” “Yes, your legs. I like the way they look when you’re sitting down.” “I’m sitting down now.” “Yes, and your legs look nice now. Nice perspective. From here. I like your feet as well.” Kylo tucked one foot over one of Hux’s feet. The physical contact felt very pleasant. “You feeling better?” Hux asked. “A bit. Let’s just relax.” “Ah, relaxation. Yet another thing in which I am an expert-level practitioner.” Neither of them, Hux would have said, knew a damn thing about relaxation. As far as he had figured out, Kylo Ren had four modes of operation: commanding (or interfering with Hux’s command), rage, sex, and sleep. He had heard of, but not witnessed, meditation in the Force, but felt this could not be reasonably classed as relaxation. The closest this man had got to relaxation in his experience was being fucked into a sweaty and exhausted heap. Ren giggled. “Drink your absolutely fucking awful drink and get closer to me”. He leaned in towards Hux. “Here’s to our new life.” “To our new life.” Hux was not sure whether it was ironic or not. “We’ll try and make it work. I don’t know how, yet. We’ll work on it tomorrow. Shields and repaint and we’ll discuss our plans. You can consult with your military advisor. The poor, disgraced General.” Ren leant further onto Hux and slid an arm around him. “I don’t care how important you’ve been or how many soldiers you have commanded, or how great and brilliant you are. I don’t care who we’ve been. I just want to be nice to you. Does that sound stupid?” “No. Maybe yes, actually.” “This is all new to me. I want to have everything that was forbidden to me all these years. I want love and kindness and passion and romance; I want absolutely everything. Everything. There wasn't room for it all before.” Ren reached for the bottle and topped up his drink. “I don’t know how to talk about it. I haven’t had any training: I’m making it up as I go along.” “I’m hardly an expert. Sentiment is a weakness, and weaknesses must be eradicated. Respect and rationality should guide one’s relations with one’s fellows. That’s how I was trained.” “Bloody hell, Hux.” “I can’t remember anyone ever being kind to me. Not just, you know. For no reason. That’s why your little present mattered so much.” “I do want to be kind to you. I want to treasure you. I want to keep you safe.” Ren was starting to sound a little bit affected by the drink. Hux laughed, bitterly. “I’m not this delicate little thing that needs protecting.” Ren looked thoughtful. “No. But you’ve been under a lot of stress and tension. Always, you know. I always thought you were only barely holding on.” “You were right.” “It’s going to be different, now we’re both away from him.” Hux clutched his drinking glass to his chest and let out a long breath. “That’s the truth. Just knowing I don’t have to go into that assembly room and speak to him, is… maybe I can breathe now.” “We never talked about anything, you and I. Not even when we were alone together. Not until it was almost too late.” “And he soon put a stop to that.” They both sat in silence for a little while, staring at the wall opposite with its built in storage lockers and its exposed ducting. Hux spoke. “I’ve done some, I suppose terrible, things too, you know.” “You did some things, yes.” “I don’t know if I regret them or not. They simply are what they are.” Kylo made a small grunt of encouragement and Hux kept on talking, letting the drink unlatch his tongue. “What I mean to say, and why this is suddenly relevant: there were a lot of people on Hosnian I. A lot of fathers , Ren. A lot of mothers. All gone now. Millions of them. Billions, even.” “You weren’t looking at them when you killed them. It wasn’t personal.” “Does that make it worse or better?” “I don’t know.” Hux poured himself more drink. “Shall I tell you why I did it? It isn’t a particularly good reason, but it’s probably the most honest thing I’ve ever said.” “Tell me. I shan’t know if it’s honest until you say it.” “I did it because I thought I needed to do it for my career. There it is. Simple as that. He looked at me and said ‘our strategy must now change’. I knew what he wanted. Look, you probably remember. We hadn’t even done a test firing but systems were all individually tested and we were ready enough if he wanted us to be ready. Just barely ready enough. I had it all coordinated like that. Just in case.” “I remember. I was surprised, actually. I always thought he cared about your plans and scheduling.” “Well. Ha – so there it was. I did it so that I would look good in front of the Supreme Leader and you would look bad.” “And then off you went to talk to your engineers. I bet they were pleased to have their deadline changed.” “There were some sharp intakes of breath. Ha. As if you’ve ever cared two tiny shits about how my engineering meetings went.” “I care now.” Ren put his drink down, then spoke again. “Hux. You left the room to give your people their orders. That left me there, with him. That’s when he gave me my order, to kill my father.” “Oh, Ren. I didn’t know.” “I exercised some self control. You’d have said I was terribly brave about it.” “You were.” Hux rolled his drinking glass around in his palm. “Of course the weapon was always meant for use. Quite possible that the test firing itself would have struck such fear into the Republic that we could have easily negotiated them almost out of existence. But; their choice to keep their fleet all too close. Many birds, one stone. Great naivety on their part.” “They were foolish.” “Militarily, it was a tremendous blow. I still don’t know how I feel about the collateral damage. Part of me thinks it isn’t important. But. I see how you mourn. The depth of your feeling. It troubles me.” “It isn’t easy.” “It troubles me greatly, to say it again; that in the final analysis I did it, actually put the process in motion, so that I would look good and you would look bad. It happened when it did because of petty point-scoring. Between us. For Snoke’s approval.” Hux scratched his fingernails against the rough twill of the mattress cover. “Not good, is it.” “Not good, but neither is it surprising.” “Not surprising because that’s the sort of awful social climber I am?” “A bit. But mainly because that’s how he manipulated you.” “I suppose” “Fuck’s sake, Hux, you’re supposed to be the strategist, it should be obvious to you how you were played.” “Still did it though. Wasn’t just following orders.” “It’s not as simple as following orders. I don’t think I expect you to understand that. You are a professional soldier. Your experience of life is limited.” Surely it was just like this maddening man to in one breath minimise Hux’s involvement in what would surely be considered a war atrocity; and in the next, insult him. Hux could barely stand it. “I don’t want to talk about it any more. I’ve just decided.” They stared at the wall for a while longer. Ren shuffled his foot against Hux’s foot, sending a hot shiver up his leg. It was arousing, but not enough. Not in the right way. For sure, they could fuck, but it wouldn’t seem right. Better to just lie here, maybe drunk, maybe turned on, maybe just holed up in the arse end of the galaxy with nothing. Hux lay on Ren’s shoulder and tried not to think. Fucking was what they had usually done to avoid thinking. He kissed loosely at Ren’s neck. “We could, but I’m not sure if I even want to.” “So we’ll sleep.” “Can I just lie here with you, then?” “Yes. Of course.” Hux rolled up one of the blankets to make a sort of pillow. He looked at the sleep clothes he’d laid out for himself, and decided to change into them. Kylo wriggled out of his own things and settled down under another blanket. This was their bunk now. Notes: Some heavy emotions as Ren breaks down and regrets the death of his father. Alcohol consumption, though not to excess. Chapter 3 : A little bit of business Summary: dirty hung over sex, a glorious sunrise, a business deal, Hux sat up in the early morning twilight, face lit by a pale yellowish glow from his datapad. From time to time he took a minute to watch Ren sleeping, sprawled, heavy, drooling on his makeshift pillow. He scrolled up on his pad, and checked his work approvingly. He had been making plans both immediate and long term. His head felt a little imperfect, but he had woken and found he preferred work to either sleep or a vain attempt at it. He tapped to enter more data. Tap tap tap; then the datapad left his hands, abruptly and with force, knocking into a storage locker and clattering to the floor. “Careful! What the hell are you doing?” “What the hell are you doing? Using your datapad? Are you stupid? You want to lead them straight to us?” Hux leant across and picked up the datapad. Not broken, luckily for him and even luckier for this over-reacting fucker. “You complete idiot, you cannot possibly, possibly, think I am as stupid as that. This,” he said, waving it, “is my personal datapad. Not my work datapad. I have two.” “You have two? How was I supposed to know you have two?” “You know now,” he said. “And good morning to you.” Kylo turned over onto his back and stretched, arching his back. He had, of course, woken up hard, as was very apparent beneath the thin blanket that covered him. He arched his back further. The display was deliberate. Hux put the datapad back down and crawled back over to Kylo. “I have a question. Who does this ship belong to? It’s not directly connected with the First Order, is it? I don't recall seeing it on any schedule of the Fleet.” “No, why would you think that? It belongs to me.” Hux needed more clarification. “Does it belong to you as the master of the Knights of Ren, or you personally?” “Me personally. This ship belonged to me before I joined the Knights.” “Hmm, that’s interesting and welcome news.” “Why?” Hux leant over him. “Because I have never had you on anything that isn’t First Order property.” Kylo pulled him down and tugged the blanket aside. “Very well observed,” he said in between rough, messy kisses. He rolled his hips up against Hux. “This ship being yours personally makes it even better.” Hux was suddenly as desperate as he had ever been in their odd dysfunctional encounters aboard the Finalizer . He grabbed a handful of black hair and twisted his wrist, pulling Ren’s head back, opening up a wide inviting expanse of neck to bite and lick. Ren’s breaths were fast and deep. “I love your fierce little mouth. Bite me like you used to, I want to feel it.” Hux bit him on the neck and sucked his sweat damp flesh into his mouth. It would without doubt leave a deep purple bruise. More bites followed, down the neck and onto his shoulder. “Ahh, that hurts, it’s good.” Hux ran his hands over Kylo’s lovely chest, found a nipple, teased it for a few seconds and then pinched it between his thumb and the side of his forefinger. Kylo half grunted, half moaned. Hux did it again. “Hux. I’m yours now, you know. You can do things to me.” Hux still felt intoxicated, though differently to the way drink blurred him and loosened him. It felt like he was on the edge of something. “I want to do things to you, but I can’t decide what.” Kylo’s hands were at his waist, easing down his shorts. Hux rutted down against him, and shifted so that his dick was rubbing against Ren’s firm abdomen. There was the scar that he’d asked permission to even touch at all . And now he was rubbing himself off against it, breathing hard, feeling new sweat wash out onto the oily sweat of the morning after. “Oh, yes. Please. Just… fucking… all over me, want your cock all over me.” Kylo’s face flushed with arousal and something that approximated shame. That was what he wanted to do. That. He bit his lip and whined. The texture of the scar felt so good against the sensitive underside of his cock. Delicious, electric and so fucking filthy . His hands moved to Ren’s chest, kneading his pectorals and thumbing at his nipples. Fuck . He fully straddled Ren’s torso and moved up, leaning forward to slide his cock onto his firm cushiony muscles. Ren raised himself up on his elbows, offering his chest, giving Hux more friction. So dirty, so desperate. “Are you always like this the morning after you drink that stuff?” Kylo dipped his head, hiding behind his hair. “Don’t know. Maybe. Slightly.” “You didn’t used to…with…?” “No! They’re my brothers and sisters. You’re you.” “Remember when I thought this sort of thing was off limits to you?” He tipped his head back again. “How wrong you were.” He gasped and panted as Hux brought the head of his dick closer to his nipple and then, fuck , brushed over it. “Ah! Oh, Hux . That.” Hux rubbed himself on Ren’s nipple; unable to stop himself making little grunting gasps more at the sight of what he was doing, at the very concept of it, than at the sensation itself. Ren bit his lip and whined. He offered two fingers to Ren’s mouth, and they were taken gladly, eagerly, with a wet and hungry suck. He wanted to come on Ren’s chest. And across his neck. And on his face. And he wanted Ren to suck him. Or, to be more accurate, he wanted to straddle his face and fuck him between his beautiful lips. The treatment his fingers were getting helped his desires to coalesce. He pushed Ren back onto his back, and brought his knees up over Ren’s shoulders. Ren looked up at him, eyes dark and heavy. “Put it in my mouth,” Ren said, with simple uncomplicated need. So he slid the wet tip of it over Ren’s lips, feeling Ren’s hot panting breath against him, before his mouth opened right up, took him in and sucked him down. Once in position, Hux realised he could see through the ship’s little side viewport, if he held himself up. He leant forward and gripped onto the viewport’s seam-welded sill to give himself purchase. The sky was becoming lighter, and the structures of the port were coming into shape. Ren relaxed his mouth and let his tongue gently lap against the underside of Hux’s cock. Under his tucked-back thigh, Hux felt Ren’s shoulder working. He was stroking himself, quite vigorously. Good . Ren started to grunt and moan around Hux’s dick, which brought Hux closer and closer to the edge. His balls tightened and he was closer yet. He pulled out and jerked himself a few times, making tense, tight grunts. Ren turned his face to the side, and Hux painted his scarred cheek with glistening white come that beaded and dripped on his skin. Hux sat back slightly, panting, loose-bodied. Kylo’s face twisted up in the way Hux knew well – and then, he felt a warm wet spatter across his back. He trailed his fingers across Kylo’s face, through the spreading wetness, and into Kylo’s mouth, where they were loosely sucked. “We’re filthy. Fuck, that was good. But we’re filthy.” “The shower does work, if you want it. It’s only a sonic, but the sink has running water.” Hux managed to haul himself upright. “Come on. We both need to wash.” He fumbled for his wash bag and headed, unsteadily, to the ship’s fresher. “What were you doing on your datapad anyway,” Ren asked as Hux dressed. “I’ve been planning and considering logistics.” “Ok, good.” “I’ve also been outlining a possible way to restore the Empire and bring order to the Galaxy, properly this time.” “Really?” Hux wasn’t sure how to take Ren’s tone of voice. “Given that we must now consider the First Order as it stands to be a lost cause, at least until we can dethrone the Supreme Leader, I thought it would be appropriate for me to consider alternative options. I’m still young, and if I play this right and create the right opportunities, I could still be leader by the time I’m, say fifty-five or sixty.” Kylo stared at Hux, and narrowed his eyes slightly. “Hmm. I suppose that’s only to be expected.” “What?” “A discussion for another time. Tell me your plans for today.” “So this is today: get components, book repaint with maintenance droids – they have those here, right? Install components, get repaint job done, get fuel, get out of here: seems straightforward to me.” “You seem confident, considering you didn’t want to leave the parking bay yesterday.” “I shall ignore that.” “You must have done this all in a secret ‘undercover op in a Neutral Zone spaceport’ simulation.” “I shall ignore that.” The sky was growing lighter through the viewport, taking on a turquoise colour, and the clouds were starting to get an orange glow. “Here’s an immediate objective for us: recce the port. We might catch the sunrise. Get your boots on and we shall sort out weapons.” Hux fiddled with his holster, adjusted the waistband of his pants, mimed drawing his blaster, and frowned. “I wish I could wear this under the pants, but it won’t fit.” “Why not keep it over the pants? You don’t need a concealed weapon. This is the Neutral Zone.” “Yes, I bloody well do. I don’t take advice from you.” If only the bastard could have come back less patronising. Hux would have accepted a tiny bit less romance in exchange for a little less ill-informed untrained arrogance. He pulled at the hem of his shirt. “If this shirt was longer, like yours… Oh, okay, let’s accept that I can’t hide the blaster. Can you see the knife from there?” “No. So there you are, problem solved. I can’t see the blade you keep in your boot, either.” “Good. One thing you must promise me. You cannot use the lightsaber in the open in public.” “Hux, I’m not stupid.” “But you will be tempted. Someone will look at you in the wrong way, and you’ll be tempted. Fists and boots, blasters when necessary.” “And the Force.” “Keep it subtle, though. Don’t fucking levitate anyone.” Hux waved a hand dismissively. “Just don’t cause a scene.” Ren stared open-mouthed at Hux for a couple of seconds. “What about me makes you think I am a complete imbecile? Is it the hair? Is this, somehow, idiot’s hair?” He held some of it above his head. “Should I find a barber in this port, get myself a nice neat haircut?” “Oh, for… Hmm, I should shave.” “No, you most definitely should not.” “You are very keen on getting me to grow a beard. Is it a ‘thing’ for you? It is, isn’t it.” “It might be, but the main factor in favour is that you as General Hux, you do not wear a beard. You as fugitive not wanting to be recognised as General Hux…” “Fine, fine, I know damn well you’re right. I won’t shave. I hope it bloody well scratches when I kiss you.” Hux rubbed his cheek and frowned. “Already does, a bit.” Kylo slipped a jacket over his shirt, and checked the pockets. “Kenobi wore a beard,” he said. “He was very handsome.” Hux rolled his eyes. “When I learned about the Clone Wars, the focus was on strategy and operations, not on historical facial hair. Now please can we stick to the topic at hand.” “Do please continue.” “Now, listen. You have an alarming habit of using my name, which cannot continue when we are outdoors. We both need aliases. I shall be…” he paused a moment for thought, and remembered a favourite weapons technician, “Mullin. Easy to remember, I hope.” “Mullin. That'll do. Me, Artan Czeram,” Kylo said, without any pause for thought. “You came up with that quickly.” “There are operational reasons for it.” “Such as?” “You’ll see.” Ren stopped at one of the vending machines and got two protein bars. How very thoughtful of him. They strolled through the spaceport as if they belonged there. Simply two men on some sort of business. Hux realised that Ren had hung back for a few paces and then caught up with him. “I like the walk you’re doing,” he said. “Very casual.” “Thank you. I observe and copy.” A freighter descended, its form becoming gradually apparent against the dawn sky. Quadjumpers moved cargo containers from place to place in the cargo yard. The heavy side of the port either did not sleep, or woke early. “I thought you were hard-wired to do the military thing.” “No, that’s not the case. I consider appearances to be extremely important. I maintain an appropriate appearance. I am not currently on the bridge of my beloved Star Destroyer,” and Hux knew exactly to the minute how far into his shift he should be, “so there is no need for what you call ‘the military thing’ in this situation.” “You’re very adaptable. I’m genuinely impressed.” “I’ve been in the army since I was a kid. I was born and raised an Imperial military brat for crying out loud and you’re impressed that I’m adaptable, Ren? I often wonder what the hell you think the military is.” The port was situated next to a small incline, and they walked uphill to an open area with a few scraggly bushes punctuating gritty soil. The sun breached the horizon and a stream of golden light illuminated them, bathing them in gold, gilding their features, turning Hux’s hair into a bright, burning, orange flame. Hux closed his eyes and felt the first warmth of the sun hit him. “Oh,” Ren said, quietly, almost to himself. “Oh, I…” He breathed deeply and started again. “The light in your hair. It’s like fire. And your eyelashes are gold and you are all gold and fire, and you shine. Beautiful. Truly beautiful.” Hux shielded his eyes, blinked, and was about to say “Really?” when he was kissed, softly, gently, reverently. “Your lips are perfection.” Hux rolled his eyes. Nonetheless, Kylo took Hux’s face in his hands, rested his forehead against Hux’s brow, and so whispered to him, “You were my flame in the darkness.” Had this over-romantic poet’s soul always been hidden behind the mask of the Knight? Where was all this nonsense coming from? Soft and low, Kylo continued. “You were always there, in my mind. I tried to forget you. I could not.” To know that he had somehow been a help to Kylo Ren during his doomed period of training filled Hux with pride, even if he did find the wording of it all rather excessive. Hux blinked again. He suddenly thought of the last sunrise he’d seen from Starkiller. He’d watched the sun breach the horizon and he’d said to it, he’d actually said to a sodding star, “you’ve got no idea what’s coming, have you.” Ha. Too bloody true. “There’s something I want to see,” Ren said. “Can I look inside your head? I feel I should ask first.” Well. Best put those thoughts away first. “OK.” Hux felt a light pressure wave pass through his head, and then a presence. Hello, it’s me . I was hardly expecting anyone else. You have so much shut away. Behind doors, in boxes. That’s how I like it. Don’t go digging about. Don’t open them. But see, this one’s already open. Spilling out everywhere. I think it may have been my doing. Yes. With your visions and your recklessness. Let me try something, I want to see from this side. Kylo leaned in and kissed Hux again, softly and slowly, lacing his fingers in Hux’s hair. Yes, I do see now. Don’t do that when you’re in my head, it’s embarrassing. “I’m out now. It was pleasing.” “If we’re quite finished massaging your monstrous ego by demonstrating that I like to be kissed, we do need get on and get things done.” They started back down the hill to the port, passing only a few small groups of life-forms, all going about their own business and not seeming to pay much attention to the two tall strangers. Hux was still on his guard. There would surely by now be a bulletin out about his disappearance; and a price on his head. “What shall we call the ship?” Ren asked. “We need to rename it and I want to name it after you in some way. Or after us.” The concept of “us” was new and strange. Ungainly, like a new born animal. “What were you thinking?” “I don’t know. Firebird . Or Legacy . Or Morning Flame . Something with flame or fire, for you.” Hux snorted at these wonderfully dramatic, overstated unsuitable names. Ren carried on. “ Firecrest , maybe.” “Because of my hair? Is that really necessary?” “It’s a variety of bird. A small bird. It suits a small ship. Come on, it’s not bad.” “I suppose it does work. Hmm. Firecrest . I’ll let you have that.” “How uncommonly gracious of you.” Ren pointed at the container port. “You know what’s funny? The inside of your head is much like that. Everything in boxes.” “Thanks.” “I have things locked away. I didn’t expect you to have so much locked away too.” “Really?” All that use of the Force, all that telepathy, and he didn’t expect that. Containers and freighters on the heavy side of the port that had been dull grey blocks in twilight were now vivid primary colours. They presented an attractive prospect. “Let’s go over to the heavy side. I have an idea.” “What kind of idea?” Hux asked, feeling he would probably always be suspicious of this man’s ideas. “We can get some shield generator components and maybe some ceramics, and if we’re lucky we can make a few credits at the same time.” “This is going to be fraud of some description.” “I only plan to do a little deal, if possible, for a small crate or two of components. It will be relatively above board.” “I don’t like ‘relatively’. But we need to acquire resources. This is the reality in the field.” He glanced at his companion and sighed. “You take the lead. I will play along.” “Look, see those containers down there? Sabmert. They’re branded Sabmert.” Hux thought for a second. Sabmert was a very large company with several subsidiaries. “Sabmert Particle and Field, used to be Repulsion Fields AQA? Good spot. Fine quality, and hard for us to get hold of.” “Us” being the First Order, which wasn’t “us” at all, any more. More adjustments to make. They wandered unchallenged into the heavy side port, and approached the grouping of Sabmert containers. A trader stood at a rolling mini desk, checking paperwork and looking at a crate that had been unloaded from one of the containers. The crate was indeed marked “Ray Deflector Generator Arrays, size C Superior.” A very good spot indeed. Probably the Force. “Good morning, sir!” Ren hailed him, warmly. The trader raised his head. He was a human man of middle age; his face was round and light brown and his forehead thickly furrowed. “Gentlemen,” he nodded, appraising them. Kylo made a small gesture with one hand as he spoke. “We are buyer representatives of an trading company operating across the Galaxy doing business with all allegiances, and we are interested in shield generator components.” The trader seemed to accept his word without question. “All allegiances, you say? There are some who will pay well for cross-zone trades.” “Exactly, and we have such a client, and there is a possibility of… if not a formal contract to supply, an ongoing business relationship.” The trader’s eyes creased and his mouth made a greedy smile. “Likhaan!” he called over his shoulder. “Likhaan! Come here! Some young lads here with an opportunity. A business opportunity.” A creature, presumably Likhaan, approached from behind another container. He was… Hux wasn’t sure what species. Humanoid, semi-saurian, about 1.60m in height, pale in colour with scaly skin. Large plate-like scales covered his head from the forehead back to the neck and possibly further. He nodded at Hux and at Ren. “Pleased to meet you gentlemen. What is it that you propose?” Hux could feel Likhaan sizing them up. The first trader’s gaze on them had not felt so aggressive. Ren continued, affably, “Our client would like to explore new sources of shielding technology, and would be interested in forming a business relationship.” “Sounds interesting so far.” “They would, of course, like the opportunity to inspect a sample of merchandise.” Likhaan hissed in disgust and turned away. The first trader shook his head. “Ah no, we know this one. You take the sample on the promise of a future deal and we never hear from you again and we’re down a few thousand credits. You must think we fell off a tarsun bush.” Ren stretched out his hands in a pacifying gesture. “Oh no, no, we would pay you, right now, for one crate,” he laughed. “That money’s yours.” Likhaan snapped his eyes back on Ren, looking him up and down, then looked Hux up and down. He seemed to be paying particular attention to Hux’s boots. His shiny officer’s boots. “Ah, so it’s the other thing is it?” Likhaan said. “It’s a trap? Undercover men sent to catch me out in a dodgy deal?” “Not at all.” “Don’t flick my scales, sunshine. Look at you. Look at him, wearing First Order officer’s boots. Thought you lot could do better than that.” Hux started to tense up and made conscious effort to appear looser, more relaxed, perhaps slightly nervous but most definitely not like a First Order officer. Years of training oneself to react to stressful situations by adopting strict military bearing were not helpful any more. “Oh, those?” Ren smiled and laughed again. Just how the hell was he doing it. “Those belonged to an officer I was sleeping with.” No word of a lie there. No word of a lie. Suddenly the two traders were all laughter and bonhomie. “Oh, I see how it is now. You might have a contact or two on that side? You might have a way in, if you don’t mind me saying.” “Wouldn’t blame them either. It must get lonely in the First Order. Pretty boys like these…” Likhaan reached a scaly hand to Hux’s shoulder, grabbing hold and making to pull him closer. Hux reacted with a quick powerful punch to the underside of the reptilian’s jaw. While Likhaan was disoriented, he grabbed the arm that had grabbed him, and with his elbow, forced his attacker to the ground. It was instinct, training, and anger. “No you don’t. Business only. Behave.” He placed a boot on the lizard man’s neck. He was not pressing down very hard, yet the reptilian was choking. He lifted his foot and Likhaan skulked away, one clawed hand at his throat. “Well, that showed him, Mr Mullin.” The trader shook his head and rolled his eyes, clearly exasperated. Ren addressed him. “At least one of you can keep his hands to himself. One crate. Sabmert ray deflector generators. One thousand credits.” “One? More like two.” “We might have given you sixteen hundred before your colleague messed it up for you.” Hux was getting into his role now. “Fifteen hundred.” “Thirteen, and consider yourself lucky we’re even thinking about doing business with you. There might be some conditions on the deal.” “He’s an arsehole, I should cut loose from him.” The trader sounded as apologetic as he was going to get. “I’ll take thirteen hundred. And I’ll call in a haul droid to carry them for you.” He pulled out a ledger and flicked through it. “Minimal paperwork. I only need it in my own ledger, if you get me.” Kylo took out a small wallet. Hux had never known him to carry a wallet. Where had he got this wallet from, and whose was it? Long fingers plucked a credit notation from the wallet. He showed it to the trader, who nodded, and then scanned it with a reader. Hux glanced surreptitiously at the notation, which was in the name of an Artan Czeram. Aha. Kylo took the trader’s pen and signed, and he was most definitely signing something which started with an A. Hux was appalled and disgusted and impressed and thrilled and a tiny little bit turned on. “A pleasure doing business with you, Mr Czeram.” “And you. We will be in touch.” A haul droid rolled up and hooked its lifting rods under the crate of shield components. “Tap in your destination” it said. Hux tapped the screen, which showed a grid plan of the port. He tapped to bring the light side port into view, and tapped in 46 for the Duskwing’s parking bay. The droid started to roll forwards, and Ren and Hux followed after another nod goodbye to the trader. After they were out of sight and earshot, Hux had a question. “Where the fuck did you get those credits? And that wallet.” “I stole it.” Ren smirked. “Don’t look like that.” “I’m trying not to, but really, law and order. How did you get the security for the credit?” “Stole that too. Tell you when we get back to the ship.” “And you’ll expect me to approve.” “I have been restrained and focused.” “How?” “I didn’t kill the creature who touched you. I wanted to, but I decided it was more important to get the parts.” “Well done.” “I should go back and kill him. It feels wrong that he should continue to live.” Hux was reassured to hear that his companion retained some of his old anger and violent impulses, at the same time as being very pleased at his capacity to restrain them. He was a little irked at the help he’d received through the Force, though. His own boot had been on the creature’s neck and that was enough. He could look after himself. “The way you spoke to those men; I’ve never heard anything like it from you. So conversational. Where does it come from?” “Memories. Instinct. Somewhere.” He must have meant memories of his father. It would not be appropriate to maintain that line of questioning. Not for either of them. At least Commandant Hux had not lived to see any of this. Not the failure, not this, none of this. How far am I now, disgraced former general Dion Hux, from the golden destiny of the children of the Empire? No. Hux bit down on his cheeks and strengthened himself. There were tasks to be done. Chapter 4 : The sort of man who does this sort of thing Summary: Hux plays electrician and then discovers something exciting in his subconscious. Back at the Duskwing , Hux and Ren were inspecting their new shield generators. The mini transporter on which the Duskwing was based would only have had one shield generator in the form of a standard ray deflector, but this had been replaced with four superior ray deflectors, three of which were now broken. Five of the ceramic tiles which made up the ship’s physical shielding were cracked and pitted. “We should test these new units before we install them. You must surely have a basic electrotest unit,” tutted Hux. “Don’t rush me, I’m finding it.” Hux sighed audibly. He didn’t want to think of the state of disarray that the ship’s tool locker must be in. But after a short period of noise and cursing, a hand thrust out of the tool locker, holding an electrotest unit. “There. Test them, keep three.” Ren wriggled ungracefully from the locker, “I’ll take the rest, sell them on this side, get ceramics, and we’re half way on our way and a few hundred credits richer” “Don’t forget: arrange for our paint job to be done, and get a fuel cell. And please, never let us get so low on fuel again. Your recklessness will be the death of us.” “My recklessness brought me to your door.” Now, that was not to be argued with. “I take it that you want me to wire these in?” Hux asked. “I’m not familiar with the wiring on this vessel.” “You’re narrower than me.” Ren held his hands apart just so, to indicate Hux’s slenderness. “You’ll fit into the tight part next to the conduit.” Oh, great. “I think they’re on two loops,” continued Ren. “One is the original loop and the other comes off the same circuit as the sublight drive. Or the thrusters. You’ll figure it out.” Hux felt his head starting to pound. If this were a standard build, he could consult the owner’s manual and there find all the information he desired. If the modifications had been done by a responsible person, then documentation would have been kept and there would be such a thing as an up to date wiring diagram. But, logically, there were two main suspects in the frame for the modifications. One was Kylo Ren and the other, given that Ren had had this ship from quite a young age, was his father, Han Solo. Neither, from what Hux had experienced of the former and heard of the latter, was likely to have left an up to date wiring diagram. This was going to be yet another bloody nightmare. He loosened the retaining bolts on the crate, opened it, took out a generator unit (quite heavy for its size) and connected the test electrodes. It passed, as did the next two, and another one he decided to keep as a spare. “Take them,” he said, indicating the crate, “come back with ceramics, and while you’re at it please think about what a difficult job you’ve given me.” It was a job, however, and it presented the opportunity to solve a problem and feel useful. There was, thankfully, a manual in the tool locker. A neat list in a scratchy hand (which was not Kylo Ren’s handwriting) listed the main alterations. A wiring schematic in the manual gave some help, and on tracing the wires back from the broken generators, it appeared that Ren was correct: two of the ray deflectors were on the sublight drive loop. Hux isolated the original generator loop and the sublight drive loop from power, and double checked with the electrotest unit. Powering the shield generators on the same circuit as the sublight drive was bloody madness, especially without a load balancer. A energy leak from a ray deflector could knock out the inductor to the fucking sublight propulsion unit control system. What kind of idiot would… no, he knew exactly what kind of idiot would have done it this way. A liability to himself and others. There was no load balancer in the tool locker (why had he not checked out the job before going along with Ren to source the parts? Stupid, stupid), but there was a roll of cable with about 90m left on it, and a box of cable glands, ties, and supports. Please, thought Hux, let this be the right cable for the job. He sighed, hoped, and looked at the documentation for the new ray deflector. The cable he had was lower rated than the cable he needed. But only slightly. Hux thought of safety tolerances and how conservative they tended to be, and took a gamble. He could wire in a new loop for the shield generators with that cable: there were spare connections on the junction box, so it was simply a matter of terminating and glanding the connection there. The job would require some crawling and shuffling in a cramped crawlspace next to the wiring conduit, but it was possible. While wriggling and grunting his way alongside the wiring conduit, cable ties between his teeth, feeding his new loop of wire through, Hux did stop and note to himself that a mere two days ago he had been the commanding officer of a Resurgent-class Star Destroyer, and had had a whole crew of electrical engineers at his disposal. But he had not climbed to the position he was in, no, the position he had been in, without a good grasp of the basics. He also noted that the crawlspace was a tight fit and it was very unlikely Kylo could have comfortably squeezed himself through, with his broad shoulders. A thought came to him – what if Kylo got stuck in the crawlspace and had to be pulled out by the heels, complaining as he went? Hux couldn’t laugh as hard as he suddenly found himself wanting to, for fear of dropping the cable ties out of his mouth. Once out of the crawlspace, he could at last connect the new ray deflectors. The new units came with a wiring schematic and the correct electrical connectors, because they had been made and shipped by competent professionals, and they were thankfully not too difficult to install. Hux allowed himself a few deep breaths and continued with the next installs, re-coupling the loose ends of the sublight drive control loop as he went. He was tightening the connections on the second install when Ren returned, pulling a trolley with a box of tiles and a fresh fuel cell. “Nearly done,” called Hux, “Just one more to go.” “I knew you were brilliant.” Hux clambered out of the starboard maintenance hatch where he had been working, and lowered himself to the ground. “Did everything go alright?” “Yep. I sold the ray deflectors and made a nice six hundred credits profit, which is not bad for before breakfast.” Ren patted his pockets and looked very proud of himself. “Did you set a chrono to port time?” he asked. “Of course I did. It’s 0850.” Well past breakfast time, in Hux’s opinion. “At 1115 a paint crew will come. Two droids. We can stay inside if we lock and use interior air. They’ll sandblast and then paint.” “Do we need to mask off viewports and exhausts? What about sensors?” “They’ll do that. I’ll make sure they know where the sensor ports are. Then we can go inside and make our own entertainment while they make our ship pretty.” “Yes. I approve of that plan. We still have a lot of catching up to do.” Even after the way they had started the morning. He wouldn’t say no, that was for sure. Ren smiled wickedly. “Oh, I forgot. I got you some caf.” He handed Hux an insulated cup of caf, and a small package which Hux tore open to reveal a sort of soft bread. “Those were selling well. And people seemed to be enjoying them.” The bread smelled good and tasted better. The caf was on the borderline of being acceptable. Hux heaved the last replacement ray deflector onto the wing of the ship, swung himself up after it, and opened the port maintenance hatch. “Want to watch me at work? You might learn something.” He carefully and methodically repeated the same actions that he had perfected on the first two installs. He wanted to appear super-competent again, to make a point. Maybe not to make a point to Kylo. Finally, with his tongue between his teeth, he sketched out a partial wiring schematic for the ship on the inside back flap of the owner’s manual, and making a mental note to complete it later. He added to the list of modifications: “3 shield generators replaced with new Sabmert units”, added the date and signed it, D.B.M. Hux, with a slight thrill. “I am rather satisfied with the job I have done. ‘Job’s a good one,’ as I believe they say. I have brought some order and method to your ship’s electrics, which was lacking. I am sure there is more I could do, but it would require more time than we have.” Ren smiled, that lopsided smile that made Hux’s heart ache. “I am very glad to have you with me,” he said. Those words echoed something. A phrase from one of the peculiar dreams: “I am so glad I have you,” it had been, on the swimming platform in the dream, but close enough. Those were words that he had firmly, undeniably believed that Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, Commander of the First Order, could and would never say. And here he was, throwing them around in natural conversation. The man of my dreams , thought Hux, and shook his head at himself. “What?” “Nothing. Tell me, what are we going to do for the next, what, hour and a half? I could make use of more breakfast to be quite honest.” “Alright. Let me stow those,” Ren said, indicating the boxes of ceramic composite tiles and the fuel cell, “we shall get some food, and we can finish work when we get back. Or do you not like to leave a task unfinished?” “We aren’t leaving a task unfinished. We are taking a break in between one task and another.” Ren smirked. Oh. So he’d been mocking him. Alright then. “Is the meat safe from these places?” “I expect so. Are you worried for your tender little stomach? Planetside food too rich a dish?” Hux hissed through his teeth. “I’m perfectly fine from eating last night. I simply thought it worth asking, about a stall, or shack , or whatever you call it.” The place probably wasn’t even regulated. “Seems busy. Usually a good sign. And, look, it’s cooked on a hot fire.” Hux was by now too busy chewing his food to answer. On the way back to the ship (the ship – their ship – Ren’s ship – their ship ), Hux came to the realisation that he was almost comfortable here. His vigilance was at medium to low maintenance levels. Just enough to make intrigued judgements about the life-forms populating the port A rather tubby and large-headed alien, Gabdorin if Hux wasn’t mistaken, shooed a trio of loitering human children from the front of his shop. One of the children yelled a crude insult at the Gabdorin, likening him to an ugly vegetable. As Hux and Ren passed, the kid turned his attention to them. “What happened to your face?” One of the other kids joined in. “You’re ugly. Your face is all fucked up.” He sniggered. This was going to be a test. “Workplace incident,” Ren said, fixing the children with a hot stare that quickly evaporated their bravado. “You really shouldn’t ask people such rude questions. One day you’ll talk back to the wrong person.” The children, now looking quite uncomfortable, backed away and ran off down an alleyway. It could have gone much worse. The shopkeeper emerged from his shop again, carrying an old transceiver set. He sat on an upturned crate, and turned up the volume on the transceiver. “It’s the news,” Hux hissed to Ren. “We should try to listen to the news.” The main news story was about a fire at a First Order bonded factory and warehouse in Neutral territory, and speculation as to whether the fire had been set by Resistance saboteurs. “What about that fire, eh, Four Belts,” the shopkeeper called to a nearby woman. The woman was indeed wearing, he counted them, four belts, and had the look of a long time freighter pilot. “Someone’s lost a lot of money there. Glad it’s not me.” “You reckon insurance will pay out?” “Not a chance. Underwriters are still reeling from Starkiller.” Hux flinched. This was already uncomfortable listening. If, though unlikely, if a story about instability in the upper ranks of the First Order had made it to the regular news broadcasts, it would be even worse. Best to go back to the ship. A beggar sat outside the covered archway that led to the corridor backing the spaceport’s covered bays. Ren threw her some coins. Inside, Hux had a question. “Did you, you know, do anything to those kids? To their minds?” “Not anything severe. Just a little mild aversion. Make them think twice.” “Good.” The whole situation would never have happened with a few Stormtroopers around the place. Hux had spotted a couple of blue-uniformed port authority police agents, but lounging and drinking fruit juice rather than actively patrolling. It was a rather sorry sight. Shopkeepers, like the stout and hard-working Gabdorin they had seen, would surely welcome a more robust approach to law and order that would allow them to conduct their business in peace. Back at the ship, Ren dragged the box of ceramic composite tiles back down the ramp. “I can put these on.” “What about the fuel cell? You don’t have the right protective equipment to handle it, surely?” “I have some. And I intend to use the Force to move the cell and to make a temporary shielding around it.” “Careful. Radiation makes me nervous. I’m going inside. Ugh, look at my clothes: still covered in shite from grubbing about in your ship.” After taking off his shirt, shaking it off and brushing off his pants as best he could, Hux sat on the mattress and folded the blankets neatly. He remembered, then, something from his youth, seemingly of little relevance. His father, raging at his sister, calling her a degenerate brat, asking her if she wanted to be a whore to low life scum. Hux’s sister had been caught reading an unsuitable romance novel. Hux had thought the whole thing stupid. No, that wasn’t right. That wasn’t the whole memory. He had thought the idea of romance novels silly and sentimental, and had been surprised that his studious, terse sister should indulge such an undesirable passion alongside her more frivolous friends. But he had been curious, and had always operated on the principle that the more knowledge he could square away, the better. So he had secretly gone through the trash, taken the data card containing the novel, and secreted it in his bunk. The novel was not particularly well written, and concerned a young woman of good background who was seduced by a handsome, dashing, scoundrel. The young heroine seemed foolish and dull to Hux, and he did not understand what anyone, law-abiding or criminal, might have seen in her other than her frequently described good looks. Hux had tried to imagine himself as the roguish hero, but found himself repelled at the idea of committing the acts of skulduggery that were the scoundrel’s everyday routine. There was, however, something about the way the hero talked and behaved that was terrifying and fascinating. The thought of it had given Hux an uneasy sensation deep in his belly. He had realised later, before locking the memory away and putting a heavy stone on the box it was in, what the uneasy sensation that returned to him every time the idea of the dashing scoundrel occurred and reoccured to him meant. He was, in fact and of course, dangerously infatuated with the idea of the rogue, and that the fear and disgust he felt were fear of what it would mean for a good Imperial boy to be attracted to such a type, and disgust at himself for being supposedly a good Imperial boy, and attracted to such an undesirable type. Being attracted to fine upstanding fellow soldiers, he soon realised, was not the same thing at all. It occurred to Hux that he had just run away with a handsome, dashing man who behaved in ways easily categorised as roguish. Had Hux not witnessed acts of thievery and fraud, assisted by the Force, and had he not found himself excited by them? Turned on, even? His hand had found its way to the front of his pants and he was already hard again. “I’m a good Imperial boy,” he thought to himself, and a wave of delicious arousal spread throughout him. “A good Imperial boy.” It rushed through him like fire. He needed his handsome scoundrel to come in and discover him, and make a whore of this supposedly good boy. He’d had him once already this morning, but he wanted it again. This was different, very much different. Footsteps sounded on the hatch steps, then the hatch closed and air locked. “Ren. Ren!” Arousal and desire thickened his voice. “Come here, I need you.” “I am here” Ren called. “Oh. I see that you do.” He knelt on the mattress next to Hux, and his presence alone was enough to make Hux bite his lip and quietly whine, before sighing, “Everything you’ve been doing: thieving; inappropriate use of the Force; skulduggery. I like it. I mean, I like it.” Kylo looked hungrily at the junction of Hux’s legs. “So I can see. This is something I had not been expecting.” “You’re… a filthy scoundrel. I shouldn’t want that, But I do. I want you all the more for it. I’m supposed to be,” he took a big breath before getting the rest of the words out, “a good Imperial boy, not the sort of boy who runs away with pirates.” “But here you are.” Kylo ran his hands over Hux’s chest, to shivers of delight. “I shouldn’t like it so much.” “But you do.” He understood. Of course he understood. “Make me yours. Do what you want to me.” Hux was already dizzy with want, even before a large hand slipped between his legs and a hot mouth kissed his neck. “A good boy, you say?” Ren’s hand pressed against him, feeling how embarrassingly, deliciously hard he was, and he moaned softly. “You shouldn’t take these off then,” and Hux had his belt undone, his weapons cast aside and his pants around his knees before Ren could carry on speaking. Ren helped him off with his boots, then lay between Hux’s thighs, pinning him down on the mattress with his weight. “I shouldn’t. I’m… a good, upstanding, Imperial boy.” Saying the words made his cock twitch and his breath come thickly. 'But you’re giving yourself to me.” “Yes.” Hux could barely believe the sound of his own voice as it came from this mouth, squeaking, pathetic, needy, so, so needing to be taken and shown what he was. He pushed his hips up against Kylo’s clothed body and heard more wanton sounds coming from his own throat. “Keen, aren’t you?” “Yes, yes, yes.” His dangerous pirate lover kissed and licked his neck right where his pulse pounded and surged beneath his skin. He gasped for breath. “Tell me what you want.” Ren’s voice was soft but irresistible. “Anything, anything, you already know; have me, fuck me, you know I want you, please, please.” Ren raised himself up, only to undo his trousers and pull them to his knees, then lowered himself back onto Hux’s body, rutting against him. He kissed Hux’s breathless, panting mouth and Hux snatched and tore kisses from him with desperate tongue and lips. A hissing, growling noise came from the outer wall of the craft. The droids had started sand blasting the old grey paint from the ship. The sound was muted by the ship being air locked, but it still reverberated through the ship’s structure. Hux grabbed Ren’s hips and pulled him as tight and close as he could, thrusting up against him, still kissing him in hot fierce gasps. His little phrase, I’m a good Imperial boy , kept going through his head, sending a fresh wave of heat through him each time. He clung on to Ren’s body and fucked himself up against it, hearing the sounds coming from his throat against the background grinding drone of sand pummelling the ship. Ren held himself up on one elbow and guided his other hand to enclose them both. He felt the same pressure wave pass through his head as before. I think you want more than this Yes (yes yes yes) Tell me I’m a good Imperial boy, I don’t… Oh, but you do, and I know you do Fuck me. Have me, make me yours. (Fuck me like you dirty pirates do it) Ren sat back and flipped him over, effortlessly, drawing his limbs into position; and Hux let him, like he was a doll. Face down. Arse up. Knees spread. Made ready. He felt hot damp air, first over his balls, then over his exposed arsehole. A whine of anticipation led into a moan when Ren’s wet tongue spread itself over him. He had always liked Ren’s tongue, since it had first wrapped around his cock. And even more since he first laid it out across his skin like this, lapped at him, probed at him, dipped into him. He’d done it to Kylo first, made him squeal and pant. And now this. Kylo was licking and sucking at him hungrily, and although the sound of the paint droids’ sandblasting made his noises inaudible, Hux could feel every hum and moan. Deep, warm, delicious shame fanned out across his backside and down his legs. He was going to open up for this pulsing tongue, for this man who cheated and stole and used the Force and who knew what he liked. Here he was, a good Imperial boy: face down in a mattress on some squalid little starship, getting tongue-fucked by a dirty wicked pirate. Ren’s tongue was long and muscular and, hells, when he flexed it, it almost felt like a cock entering him. But he wanted something more: something bigger, lovely and thick and hard. He hoped Ren could somehow still hear his thoughts. Ren removed his tongue. Hux caught sight of his washbag zipping through the air. Ren was rummaging through it, disordering it, then finding the lube. He bit his lip hard and waited. Then they were there: wet fingers slipping in, easily in, replacing the tongue and making way for what was to come after. Hux grunted and pushed back against them, wiggling slightly. Open me up. Fuck me like your sort do, make me yours. Soon, Ren’s cock was at him, nudging at him, ready to be inside. He twitched and opened more and then, oh , Ren was in him, slowly pushing and filling him up. A deep thudding pleasure, warm and lovely, suffused him. He let himself moan. Nobody would hear him. Kylo went at him slowly at first, gripping his waist with his huge hands and rolling his hips into him. I’m just letting him do it and it feels so good. The pace increased. Hux felt he was getting louder. A whore to low life scum . So good. So good. One of Ren’s hands reached further around his waist. Long fingers closed and folded around the head of his dick, bringing him closer and closer, and there was no longer any question of being able to hold back. It was white heat and everything in him being drawn instantly out of him. The sound of sandblasting faded. “Well, that was new,” Ren said as Hux got himself tidied up and dressed again. “I don’t think I’ve had quite that effect on you before.” “I was remembering something. Another box, here,” and Hux tapped his head, “opened up. Turns out I have a bit of a thing for men like you.” “And you didn’t before?” “Don’t be obtuse. You will be relieved to know I have tidied the idea away again, so I shan’t be pawing at you like a slut every time you do anything that way inclined.” “I marvel at your self control. And I marvel at how good you think your self control is.” Maybe it was wrong. Maybe the desire was incorrect and the shame and disgust were correct. There had never been another way than the Imperial way. All his training, his Imperial officer class upbringing in the Unknown Regions where the family had fled with next to nothing but their pride; the bitterness, the hurt, the expectation: all of it said that he must stay on this narrow path of duty, no matter what. It said he had to get to the top, to make it alright again, that he couldn’t let any of them down. Yet he had turned away out of selfishness. And for what, for sex ? It was one thing to have been occasionally distracted by sex while still be in full control and exercising all of his duties, but now ? The duties were gone. Twice in one day he had been no more than a slave to his own desires. Is that what he was now? He had been imagining himself as stepping off a conveyor belt seconds before being tipped into the mouth of a shredding, churning machine. But really, that was self serving nonsense. He felt sickened at himself, at the lengths he would go to to justify his cowardice and his treachery. He was brought from his rumination by the sound of Kylo’s voice. “You are anxious still.” Kylo was regarding him curiously, his brows slightly gathered. “I should have self control. But I don’t. And you know that.” Kylo chewed on his lip. “It’s alright. I was mocking you.” “Doesn’t stop there being truth in it.” “Why are you ashamed now? You always enjoyed it. This morning, for a recent example.” “What if I don’t have the discipline? What if I need the structure of a duty roster and I fall apart and lose myself without it? What if we get captured, because instead of doing what we need to keep moving and stay safe, I can’t control myself around you?” Kylo shushed him. “We are human men. We have needs.” “So? We are not animals. We should be able to control ourselves.” “And we can. But neither are we droids. Don’t make so much of it. You know full well you’re capable.” Hux truly wished he did. “I feel your pain and your doubt,” Kylo said. “I can’t not.” “I believe you. I’m sorry for doubting. It’s all too much to think about.” He took a breath. “I didn’t know how much I wanted to be, well, wanted. And cared for. I feel so weak and stupid.” “Hux, listen. You are not weak. You have a strength that I do not have.” “I had something, once. But it’s been, ugh, almost like being dead. Which, really, I should be.” “But you’re not. And you have to do what you can with what you have.” That was something like one of Hux’s father’s old Imperial sayings, but different. More forgiving, perhaps? No, that didn’t make sense. War was not about forgiveness. Ren’s version of the saying was softer in some way, though. Perhaps simply more realistic. “I have been useful today. There is that.” He had been a political strategist (to his own ends, but it felt worthwhile), he had been a low-rent trader of some description and he had been an electrician, and all before breakfast. It was, he had to admit, more satisfying than the previous months of busywork and constant meetings. Successful campaigns had been fought against the enemy, but it had seemed empty and almost futile compared to the mighty sense of purpose he had had when he had been the General Hux, the one he could not be again. More thinking. Stop thinking. Stop. Hold it all back. Trust in this. Let this be your honour. The paint job was by this time finished. Hux was keen to take a look at it. The ship was now a dull beige with a russet accent stripe down the starboard side. A nondescript little craft, with the manoeuvrability of a racing ship and the armour of a military shuttle hidden under her hull. Hux addressed the maintenance droids. “How long does this paint take to set and cure?” “The fast setting coating will be dry and clear for flight in a little under three hours, sir.” Hux liked being called “sir”, even by a paint-spraying droid. He thanked the droids and dismissed them, before turning to Ren. “That’s three hours longer than I’d like. Nothing can be done about it, but every minute we’re here I feel like we’re a sitting target. Word must have got out about us.” “In our favour, well, look at her, she doesn’t match the description any more. I am also keeping prying eyes away with the Force.” “Now we need to change the identification code and the serial numbers.” “Can you do that? Can you generate a new serial number that matches the vessel type?” “Yes, if I look on the Holonet to see how the serial numbers are generated. I should be able to get into the ship’s computer and change the ident code. I wouldn’t even call it slicing in: the security on these old ships is practically non-existent.” “So, goodbye Duskwing , hello Firecrest .” “I do rather like it.” “You know, this is the second best ship I’ve ever flown.” “After your shuttle?” “No! Well armoured, but awful to fly. I made my pilots let me take control of it once. Then I decided it was best for all concerned if I didn’t do so again. I meant after the Millennium Falcon.” Hux shook his head. These tales of the enemy, coming from this man, from the Knight Commander, the enforcer, the purifying blade. Or, on the other hand, tales of long forgotten days a boy spent with his father aboard the most infamous ship in the galaxy. He sighed. “This is a very fine ship indeed, and I would be greatly honoured if you would allow me to take the controls again.” “Of course. You are better at it than I am.” A little later, Hux had a question that would not go unasked. “Tell me, who is Artan Czeram and why do you have his credits?” Ren raised an eyebrow. “After what happened earlier, I wonder if I should tell you.” Hux glared at him, but was ignored. “Artan Czeram is a corrupt Republican who has been secretly funneling resources to the First Order. He has also been playing a double game, passing another, smaller stream of funds to the Resistance, hoping to worm his way into their trust. He thinks he is clever, playing out his little spy fantasy. Idiot. I took him into my custody and interrogated him about his deceit, showing him the trail that led from him to the Resistance. He whined about his double game, but I wasn’t having it.” “So?” “So, I took from him one of his lines of credit. I have a wallet containing his physical money, which I simply took from him, along with the memory of my having done so. I also have his ability to borrow money from the bank. I took his credentials right out of his stupid little mind.” “You used an interrogation to set yourself up for this?” “Of course. I was still allowed out on little errands, fairly closely supervised.” “Even once you had plans to leave?” “Hiding those plans was much easier than I could ever have thought. I simply stopped assuming that it was impossible. I am no longer a servant of the Supreme Leader, and I no longer allow him unrestricted access into my head.” “That’s a rather grandiose and optimistic claim to make.” “It is a fight, but I am strong enough. I am no longer fighting against myself, you understand.” “You had better be right. For my sake as well as yours.” “I don’t believe he even took this ship into account. He thought he had me on a leash. I took care to give every impression of remaining obedient. I would go and do what I was asked to do, and take the opportunity to steal small things that I might need. I would hide them away in here.” Hux raised his eyebrows. “That’s brave or foolish or both. Which is you in a nutshell, really.” “The shirt you are wearing came from the washing line of a suspected associate of a suspected Force-sensitive. I folded it up, stuffed it inside my own clothes and secreted it here in the duffel bag. Nobody saw me. Nobody knew this ship was functional.” Hux was genuinely impressed at the audacity of it all. The Master of the Knights of Ren, feared and renowned, thieving like a little child, like a great demonic magpie. All of it under the nose of First Order officers and of the Supreme Leader himself. “I saw you,” he said. “On my map. Always so far away. I did miss you. Even when I still blamed you for everything, I wanted to know where you were.” “I was to blame for much of it. I’ve told you that. In my defence, I would say my actions were, though I was not fully conscious of it, the first steps in the mission I now have. And as such, a great upwelling in the Force was shaping and guiding events beyond our control.” “I will get you to explain your mission to me, properly, if it kills me. I can’t do strategic planning unless I know what your goals are.” “I had a list, written down, I’ll show you.” “I’ve seen it! Sorry, but I have. When you were passed out, I found it slipped into a sort of pocket in your tabard.” “Well then.” “It had a handful of words on it. Really, it was barely a list at all.” Ren made a face. “Your low opinion of me says more about you than it does about me.” “Sorry, I shouldn’t pick on you. It’s a bad habit of mine. I was on the list. I was extremely touched to see that.” “Yes. And now we are on the ‘escape’ section of the plan, which means we are going to Hegaria, where I need to find someone who may be able to help us.” “I’d like to go to Hegaria.” Ren did a double take. “What? I thought you had a pathological fear of setting foot on any system under Republic control.’ “Hegaria, my sweet, is where the whisky comes from.” Hux blushed. He hadn’t meant to call anyone “my sweet”. It had slipped out. He was horrified to think of what might come next. In any case, he should have been asking about the ‘T.A’ of Ren's list, not indulging his own interests. “We are not going on a distillery tour.” “I’m not asking to. I just would like to see the Northern Uplands of Hegaria. Taste the crystal clear water. See the mountains. I’ve never really been anywhere.” “I know you lack experience in the field. But you have proved yourself so far.” Hux took comfort from this. It meant something. He would have the chance to prove himself further, on the next stage of the journey. It would be somewhat of an adventure, although who knew how long it would last. If my days are numbered, let them be good days. If not, let them be good days nonetheless. “We can find a forest or a lake. Somewhere you would like. I want to show you something of life. I suppose in a way that might be part of my mission.” Chapter 5 : Onwards Summary: The departure from Laspen III is not a smooth one. content notes at end Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux walked from the rear of parking bay 46 into the warm open air of Laspen III. He bent, picked up a handful of dirt, and with a wince, rubbed it into the shiny leather of his boots. The words of that vile lizard creature returned to him. “Look at him, wearing First Order officer’s boots. Thought you lot could do better than that.” He’d scuffed up his boots a little while crawling about in the ship and installing those shield generators, but really they needed to be even less shiny, less recognisable. He could hear the coolant system undergoing a cleaning and filtering cycle; a soothing, throbbing sound. He had no faith whatsoever that this had hitherto been a regularly performed piece of maintenance. The noise quietened. The coolant system had finished its cycle, and Hux could now reboot the central computer. It had been responsive to his blandishments, and had allowed him to enter a secure mode and input a new ident code and serial number. Fingers crossed, the ship’s new identity would not be traceable to its old one. Hux climbed back into the Firecrest , formerly Duskwing , made his way to the cockpit, and rebooted the system. He was taken by the thought that he very much enjoyed looking after a little ship, and only wished that he had more time to do all the little bits and pieces of maintenance that a responsible owner likes to do. He regretted the time that had been lost the previous evening to eating and crying and drinking. On the other hand, with the state that Ren had been in, he had needed, deeply needed, to take that time to hold on to him and tell him it was going to be alright. Ren burst in through the hatch, banging on the floor to get Hux’s attention. “You were on the news.” “What? What did they say?” “It was noted that you weren’t present at the last conference of High Command.” There hadn’t been one scheduled. But calling one would be a good way to subtly make it known to those who cared to know (officials, interested citizens, the Republic’s spies and Orderologists and various entrail-poking obsessives) that General Hux was absent, perhaps for Reasons. “And there is, according to the analyst they had on to talk, ‘chatter on the lines’ regarding your whereabouts.” “Shit. Did they mention you?” “No. The discussion was split as to purge, coup or defection.” Bloody hell. Hux was indeed glad he wasn’t having to listen to this out in the open. “Right. There will be units searching for us, if they’ve let it be public knowledge. Standard OP. Nobody knows it better than I do.” “So. Time to go.” “Are the sensor ports clear? Nothing blocking laser firing ports? Clean water onboard?” “Walk round with me and check. Are systems clean?” The central computer was in the process of initialising. Four seconds of flashing lights seemed like four months. Thank the thousand billion stars, the welcome screen and “about this ship” screen gave Hux answers he liked. It had worked. The ship was now clean. “It’s worked. We have a clean ID and all systems are still reading as satisfactory.” “Is everything stowed away inside?” Hux made his way to the hatch. “All cargo secure. Bags strapped in.” He double checked the galley lockers. “Lockers secure. I’ll join you on a final walk round. Then we’ll go.” The pre flight check was almost complete: exhaust vents clear, laser firing ports clear. Ren ripped a piece of masking tape off a passive sensor window. There was a loud bang on the door that led from the parking bay to the corridor. “Port authority police! Open up!” Hux drew his blaster. Either this was about Ren’s credit fraud or someone had tagged them. If they’d been tagged, they weren’t going to talk their way out of it, not in these half-arsed disguises and not with their original uniforms packed away in a duffel bag inside the ship. “Prepare to defend. Cover me. However you do that.” Hux had only seen a few rare holorecordings of the Knight of Ren actually using his skills in active combat. He would stop fire and deflect it, sometimes with the blade, and he would physically use the Force against opponents. It had always looked rather impressive, but how exactly this would work right now, Hux wasn’t sure. But his part would be straightforward. Take out every threat, as quickly as possible. “Open this door!” Two men in blue uniforms burst through the door. Hux noted, as he calmly shot both of them, that they looked nervous. Two rounds of blaster fire had passed by him, and not all that close: they hadn’t been good shots either. Bloody amateurs. One of the police agents was groaning in pain. Hux put another couple of bolts of blaster fire into him, and he stopped moving. Kylo pointed his hand towards the door, summoning the Force to defend against whatever the next threat might be. Hux stepped back onto the ramp of the ship’s side hatch, to get some cover from the body of the ship itself. He kept his blaster trained on the door, ready for the next visitor. “Oh, do come on in,” Kylo called out. He drew his lightsaber, and switched it on. One or more port authority agents had the door slightly ajar, using it as cover, and firing through the gap. Kylo was almost casually deflecting their fire with his lightsaber, as though he were playing at some sport. He reached out with his other hand and flung the door open with the Force, leaving the agents exposed, their eyes wide in shock. They attempted to retreat, but found themselves rooted to the spot. Hux had a clear shot at both of them, and took them down efficiently. Ren switched off his lightsaber and turned for the ship. Before he was half way, the sound of blaster fire came from behind, from the air side of the bay. He turned to face it. Hux, too, turned and shifted across the side hatch to face the threat while giving himself a little cover. Three figures stood: one pointing a high powered blaster at Ren; another, an insectoid, aiming one at him. The third, a pale blue Duros in thick yellow and black weave, shouted, “Thought that would get your attention.” Ren responded. “Three pathetic bounty hunters. Not giving yourselves good odds.” “Give us the fugitive,” the Duros called back. He appeared to be the leader. “Better than talk. Hiding in the ship, is he, the little coward?” The insectoid, a Melitto, spoke up with a voice that hummed and fizzed through a vocoder attached to their body. Hux strained to hear it at first, until the creature adjusted a volume control. “You have made a mistake, straying so far from the safety of your Order. Not to worry, we will have you safely tucked up in your own bed very soon.” Fuck! Had someone tracked them here? Was Ren’s ship not as incognito as Ren had made out? Had the shootout with the port authority agents drawn them to this bay or had they already known where to come? Hux’s chest tightened and his blood surged. The gang leader was yelling again. “Enzat here is ex-Kanjiklub. He’ll take both of you.” “I doubt that. Look at him. He seems unwell.” Ren took a few strides closer to the bounty hunters, arm outstretched. The Kanji man was shaking, and visibly having difficulty holding his rifle. “You have made a mistake, don’t you think?” Ren was as haughty and sarcastic as Hux had ever heard him, and Hux appreciated it more than he ever had. The Duros man raised his own weapon and fired. Ren caught the blast of fire and held it in the air, blue and buzzing, for a few seconds before casting it to the ground. It was genuinely amazing to see up close and in the flesh. Hux could see the fear on the bounty hunter’s flat wide-eyed face. They’d thought they were dealing with an ordinary spacer: a smuggler or a pirate. Not a Force user. Not this Force user. Ren repeated his words. “A mistake. Don’t you think?” Hux took aim at the Melitto’s breathing apparatus and fired twice. That ought to slow the fucker down. Another noise came from the far side of the docking bay. Just a piece of scrap steel settling in a recycling pod, but Ren’s attention was distracted just for a moment, long enough for both the Duros gang leader and the Melitto to fire on Hux’s position. They, unfortunately, were no amateurs. One bolt caught Hux on the left shoulder before he had the chance to duck away. Fuck. The pain: burning, roaring, stabbing, intense pain. Real pain. Real damage. Not like a training simulation. Not at all. Hux gritted his teeth and hissed, trying to control his breath and stay calm. He fired three times at the gang leader, then took cover again. He took a quick glance at his wound. It was ugly; a large burn that would probably leave a small dent in his muscle, but not as bad as it could have been. It had only been a glancing blow. Hux was torn between crawling to the sleeping quarters to find his med pack, and continuing to fight. Ren’s powers were fearsome, yet it felt unfair and unsporting to leave him to battle all three bounty hunters. The Kanji man was suffering but not dead yet, and the Melitto would take some time to fully suffocate without his breathing apparatus. This left the Duros. He would have a weakness, and Hux would spot it. Hux quickly took another look. Ren was approaching the black and yellow clad bounty hunter, lightsaber now blazing. The Duros’ blaster was still pointed towards Hux. The Melitto was now aiming their weapon at Ren. This did not meet Hux’s approval. If they had any sense, they would have taken the Kanji blaster rifle from their colleague and used that instead. That way, if Ren’s attention were distracted again, they would have a better chance. This blue bastard Duros, though. His jacket looked like armour weave, which would repel regular blaster fire. It did not cover his head, so this was simply a question of target practice. From this angle, and with this wound, Hux needed to line himself up carefully and trust in his skills. He went side on, neck twisted to sight his blaster, breath held and lip bitten against the throbbing pain of his wound, put his finger to the trigger and took a series of shots at the Duros’ head. More blue bolts of fire headed back towards him, but missed, zipping and sputtering against the durasteel of the galley storage as Hux ducked back to cover. There was also a yelp. Hux deduced that one of his shots must have connected. He congratulated himself for that, and took a glance to see the state of play. The gang leader now wounded and thus distracted, Ren closed the gap and cut him down. Hux saw that the Melitto was beginning to struggle and weaken now. They attempted a shot at Ren, who deflected it and then casually stepped forward and sliced them in half, almost in the same motion. The Kanji bounty hunter’s choking gasps were audible above the buzz of the lightsaber. Hux wondered what the hell Kylo needed him for, if he could do all this without even bloody well getting himself shot. He hoped he hadn’t been humouring him by allowing him to take pot shots at ridiculously amateurish port authority cops. Patronising bastard. “Come here and look at this.” Hux rose and walked down the ramp, holding his left arm across his body, feeling a throb of pain with every step. The bounty hunter was held, immobile and gasping, in an invisible Force grip. Kylo continued. “We were told this man would take the both of us on, and beat us. So it seems only fair that we should both take a part in his defeat. You finish him off.” Kylo’s offer actually seemed more touching than patronising. Hux walked right up to the kneeling man and looked him in the eye. “You found me. Well done,” he said, and shot him directly in the face. Ren turned to Hux and frowned. “You’re hurt.” “Yes. Going inside to put a bacta patch on it now. Not fucking happy about it, by the way.” “I’m sorry.” “Not your fault.” Hux marched back inside, his anger at himself rising and spreading. His clothing had been partly burned away by the blaster fire. He unbuttoned and removed his shirt. Lifting his arm above his head to remove the base layer underneath would be too painful. Instead, he opted to cut away the fabric to get proper access to the wound. Holding the fabric away with his teeth, he used the small blade from his boot to make four neat cuts. The med pack in his kit bag contained a bacta patch of suitable size for patching the blast wound of a fucking idiot who couldn’t take five fucking minutes of field combat without getting himself fucking well shot. Pathetic. Hux tore the backing off the patch and manoeuvred it under the flaps of cloth he had cut loose. The cool healing substance took the edge off the physical pain. He swallowed a painkilling capsule and mentally made a note of the time, so that he could take another one after the requisite dosage gap had passed. Ren was still outside, searching the bodies of the three bounty hunters. “We need to go. Now. Did you finish pre flight checks?” “Yes. Do you want this rifle?” Hux frowned. “Ugh. Yes. Bring it. Come on.” “Everything stowed away inside? You patched up?” “Yes and yes. Get in.” Neither were fully strapped into their seats before the Firecrest took off and ascended at an unseemly pace. “I’m sorry you got hurt.” “Could you stop being sorry. It’s my fucking fault. Couldn’t fucking last five fucking minutes. Idiot.” Hux balled his right hand into a fist and pounded it into his thigh. “Should have seen it coming. Left myself too open. So stupid. Stupid.” “You don’t need to do that, you know.” “You were right. You and Phasma. You were always right about me. No fucking experience. No common sense. No heart. No courage.” “Hux, shut up. Now.” Hux managed to shut up until they had left the atmosphere. “Why did you bring me? You could have taken them all on by yourself.” “You know why I brought you with me. If I could wrench you from your self-pity for a moment, I could also remind you that if I had not had a copilot, I would have been shot to pieces escaping the Finalizer. ” “You didn’t need to be there anyway. You only came to fetch me.” “Exactly.” Hux bit down on his lip and swallowed hard. When required to, he fed the secondary power in, allowing the sublight drive to fire up fully and balancing the power drain from the hyperdrive warm-up sequence. “Check coordinates on chart.” “Hegaria, northern hemisphere, Koire Station.” “That’s us. Light speed, then.” Kylo engaged the hyperdrive. Points of light warped into lines. “So what now, more of the same?” “It’s not easy for me, either,” Kylo said. “I have to keep going. We have to keep going. You think I wanted us to be intercepted? You think things are going according to plan?” “Sorry. Let’s not.” “You already made clear you think me barely capable of forming a plan. And now that happened. But we got out of there. We have to keep going.” “I know we do.” “I’m trying hard. It’s not just you who’s finding this tough.” "Yep. Yep. I know." “It’ll be safer on Hegaria, I promise.” “Firstly, don’t promise things. Just don’t. Secondly, how can it be?” “More laid back.” “There’ll be a bounty on our heads before long. We got tagged on that little outpost, how are we not going to get tagged anywhere else?” “It’s a respectable place. You know full well it is. We are less likely to meet the kind of threat we met today.” “Ugh. Those people need a better system. Proper law and order, proper discipline. An education for their children. They need security. They could thrive with security.” “Says the man who just methodically killed four of their representatives of law and order.” “They were a threat. They needed to be eliminated.” Ren laughed bitterly. “Your hypocrisy is notable. It gives you… character.” “What? They were a bunch of rank amateurs. Peasant idiots. Any trading post, on any planet in the galaxy, needs better security than that. Genuine authority and discipline will allow these places to progress instead of scratching about in the dirt waiting for another war.” Ren seemed unimpressed by this statement of principle. “Peasants or not, I thought you took them down very efficiently.” “Thank you.” “You do realise that I am accustomed to having two whole squads of stormtroopers subdue an area before I step in? And that they wear betaplast armour, which you… weren’t? You did well.” “I could have done better.” “You don’t respond well to perceived failure.” Ren said it as though he had only just noticed it. “Give that man a bloody medal. You are so very perceptive, aren’t you?” “You didn’t have much experience of it before… the time when we lost the base.” “No. Is this going anywhere?” Hux snapped. “Because I don’t think I appreciate it.” He turned his face away. “I did everything right. Everything. I did everything right,” he muttered to himself. “You didn’t break all at once,” Ren said softly, infuriatingly softly. “You seemed to be coping. You managed to spend time with me, when I was recovering from my injuries. More than duty required.” “Yes. I was distracting myself.” Hux stayed silent for a moment and then added, “No. You know why I was there.” He hung his head and screwed up his eyes, trying to will a mass of emotions away from his belly and away from his ribcage and away, out of him. It didn’t work. “Oh, I probably did fall apart, a bit. After you left. Kept it all hidden, obviously.” His anger returned suddenly. “I don’t know what sodding point you’re trying to prove.” “It’s OK.” Hux made a noise of disgust. “The man I was then would have the man I am now sent for special reconditioning.” “You don’t have to be the man you were then. At least, not exactly. You know that. Take me as an example.” “I’d rather not.” “I know you don’t mean that.” Saying things that he didn’t entirely mean was not a new habit for Hux. “You’re right, I don’t.” He looked at Kylo for a moment, then away. “I like what’s happened to you. I don’t understand it, but I like it. Still trying in vain to get a handle on what's happened to me. If we’re honest. I know you like it when I’m honest.” Hux savoured his own bitterness for a minute or two, until he was interrupted. “I searched them. I found a comm unit. Here.” Ren reached into his pocket and handed Hux a square personal comm unit. Hux took it. “It’s not even locked, “ he said, tapping at it. “Terrible op-sec. Atrocious.” He scrolled up and up, reading, until he suddenly widened his eyes, made a fist, and swore. “Fuck!” “What is it?” “The dates on these communications. Fucking hell. Fucking hell.” Hux stared wildly for a second. “These people don’t know how to hide an email trail. The whole thread isn’t here, but it goes back far enough.” “Hux…” “Officers, First Order officers,” Hux almost spat the words, “were in touch with these bounty hunters. Not only before we arrived here, but before we left. Before we ever bloody left.” “Really? Shit.” “Did you know about this. Did you know about this part of it?” Hux repeated himself with urgency and a clenched jaw. “No.” “First Order officers, including an admiral on High Command, have fun guessing which one; were in comm with these people before you and I left the Finalizer . Before you even turned up. There was a plot.” Hux slammed the comm unit down on his lap and threw his head back against his headrest, before picking the comm up again and reading. “Listen to this. After we left, there is an email. It says ‘change of plan, the bird has flown of his own accord. Track neutral zone ports and keep listening,’ and there is a list of five systems. Laspen is second on the list.” “Oh.” “Did you know about this?” “No. I said so. I felt that you were in great danger, but I didn’t see anything specific. I don’t know everything, you know.” “No. You bloody don’t. Shit.” Hux balled up his fist again and struck himself in the leg once more, but this time weakly. “Admiral fucking Beynon. You were right.” So this was it. He had been saved. Saved. Rescued. It was disgusting and pathetic and he hated it. “I can’t go back now.” “You couldn’t go back anyway.” This was true, but there was a chance, a slim possibility, a way of pretending that Hux had been abducted by an unstable Knight of Ren, had not gone willingly and could potentially arrange to be rescued by the Order. It was stupid and it barely functioned even as a slim possibility of a fantasy. Hux had to get a bloody grip of the facts. The facts were that a) he had freely chosen to desert his post and b) he was doomed in any case by the plot against him. These facts were independent. “Not being able to go back because I chose to burn my bridges is rather different from not being able to go back because my number was up.” “Both give the same end result. You can’t go back. And now you know you were right to leave.” “That should be making me feel a lot better than it actually is.” “I wonder if you sensed something. You knew, how did you put it, that you were fucked if you stayed, didn’t you?” “Come off it. I’m about as sensitive as a bag of bolts, as you have often told me. I didn’t sense a Sith-damned thing.” “You were on edge. Unusually so. You were fairly convinced that I had come to kill you”. “True. It didn’t take the Force to pick up that something was wrong.” Hux curled his lip in disgust and self reproach. “I always thought Nareese, or more likely General Kells. Fuck, she’ll be livid at having been passed over. She was practically measuring up my quarters for new furniture.” Kylo made a confused noise. “I mean that figuratively. I am capable of metaphor, you know. Obviously the fucking furniture’s bolted to the fucking floor. Shit. I should have been more suspicious of Admiral Beynon. The weasel. The dirty little weasel. Snoke’s choice?” Kylo shrugged. “I heard his name mentioned. I inferred that he was on the shortlist to be your replacement, as Metan Ren is to be mine.” Hux stared at the bounty hunter’s comm unit with deep loathing. “It will all have come from Snoke. Just as you said. Just as I bloody suspected. Should have listened to myself.” “Yes. He lays down one toy and picks up another.” Kylo took a breath and let it out in a long heavy sigh. “I have invested a lot of background effort into staying hidden and keeping my barriers up. So maybe I didn’t see enough of the specific threat. I’m sorry.” “It’s not your responsibility,” Hux snapped. After a moment, he turned to Kylo and glared, eyes narrowed. “I’ll tell you what is your responsibility. Not asking them any questions. If you hadn’t been in such a hurry to terminate them we might have got more answers out of them than this damned comm unit will give.” “They were a threat; I was annoyed, justifiably, and we needed to leave.” “Couldn’t you sense that there were questions to answer? Such as, ‘who exactly sent you,’ for the most obvious example?” “Sorry.” “This is just like the Tuanul mission all over again. The information you could have had out of that San Tekka chap.” “Hux, I would rather you didn’t.” Hux did not apologise. He considered it, but chose to seethe instead. After a while, Ren spoke up. “How is your wound?” “Patched. I took a painkiller. Still hurts.” Ren adjusted a couple of switches, got out of his seat, and knelt beside Hux. “Let me look at it. I think I could help.” He unwrapped the bandage and gently peeled back the bacta patch. “Hmm. It’s not too bad, but it could still use some help.” He replaced the patch and wound the bandage back around Hux’s upper arm. “I can try to speed things up a little bit. It won’t be as if it had never happened, but it will hopefully heal up faster.” He put his palm over the wound and closed his eyes. Hux winced at the initial pressure. He then felt an odd warmth and a pins-and-needles kind of itching. After a few seconds, Kylo took his hand away and planted a gentle kiss just above the bandaged area. “What the hell are you doing? I’m not a child.” “I’m looking after you. You promised me you would look after me, when it must have hurt you to make that promise. I know.” He was right, in one way. It had hurt. Everything had hurt. Everything was breaking, on that day. But the statement “I’ll look after you,” wasn’t a sacrifice. It was something very important. It hadn’t occurred to Hux that he might ever be the one needing to be looked after. That was something that didn’t apply. But here he was. “Thank you. I think it’s helping. A bit. Thank you.” "You should let me be nice to you." Hux looked straight ahead. “The worst of it is, that it means you’re bloody right. Not me, can’t be me. You.” He made a quiet huff of resigned disgust. “You, somehow, got to turn up, send me visions, drag me into this absurd tale of light and dark and destiny and legacy, thoroughly fuck up my life; and you were bloody right.” He sighed. “I can’t stand it.” Kylo allowed a few seconds silence. “I was right. I’m very glad I was right.” “Smug bastard.” “It wasn’t a foregone conclusion. I didn’t know for certain that I was right. That isn’t quite how the Force works.” “Smug arrogant Force fucker bastard.” “I see you’re feeling better.” There was warmth in Ren’s voice and on his stupid, intolerably beautiful face, and Hux couldn’t help but smile weakly at him. Hux had been shot and there had been at least one criminal gang after him and potentially soon a bounty on his head, not to mention the combined might of his own troopers and special forces, who would surely be chasing after them too. But it felt, well, very far from acceptable, but on reflection certainly manageable with Ren at his side. Dealing with the situation presented a clear unambiguous purpose. “Seems so.” Hux unbuckled himself, fetched his own datapad, and looked up current conditions at their destination. It was autumn in Hegaria’s northern hemisphere. The uplands would soon be coming towards the end of their main tourist season. “So, what, are we going to play at being tourists? It seems like a better fit than trying to be traders again.” Ren sat back in the pilot’s seat. “Yes, we will.” “And what about passes? You take care of that with your… persuasion, will you?” “Yes. It won’t be an issue. I have a little bit of business to take care of in Koire Station, and then we will go north and meet up with our contact.” “You need to start briefing me properly. Who is our contact and who are they in contact with? “I need to get in touch with the new Jedi. Rey. The scavenger. The one who gave me this.” Ren indicated the scars on his face and shoulder. “It’s time for me to try to ally with her.” “And this contact will do that?” “Not as such.” “OK. OK.” Hux screwed up his eyes and exhaled. “I always knew, but say it anyway.” “There is a woman who lives high up in a remote valley. I have been guided to her.” T.A, then , thought Hux, as Ren continued. “I need to get a message to her through someone in Koire Station. Then she can contact my mother and hopefully my former master and Rey.” “Your mother. So we’re tapping into a communication network used by the Resistance, in order to deliver ourselves into their hands. How lucky for us that we have been so unsuccessful at rooting them out and cutting them off.” “I know you are not exactly joking, but there were a good number of people who could have helped me if I had not, over the course of the last five years, killed them myself. Personally.” “The past can’t be changed. Let us focus on what we can do.” “If you want to be a part of what I have to do, if you want to come with me all the way, even with what that means for you, then come with me all the way. If not, Hegaria might be as good a place as any for you to try to disappear. A starting point at least.” “You have to put an end to Snoke, somehow. I know that. None of us can move forward until he is gone.” Hux didn’t elaborate on what moving forwards with his own plans might entail. It would derail the conversation. “Yes. It has to be done. I can’t do it on my own. Rey can’t do it on her own. We have to work together. That’s what the Force wants. I don’t have a direct line of communication to Rey – not even through the Force. I don’t blame her for that: she needs to protect herself, now more than ever. He searches for her. And in any case, she still hates me. Rightly so. But the Force will find a way.” Did the Force have its own little map, Hux wondered. “I’ll come with you. I need to see him finished. He wanted to destroy me, I want to destroy him. He took my ambition, everything I was, and tore it to pieces. I want security and order. Not what this has turned into.” “You don’t have to. I think you can help me. I want you to help me. But you don’t have to.” “I want to. I know what the stakes are.” “I have given you too much to deal with, I know.” It was rather late to start worrying about that. “I deal with things. I cope with things. It’s what I do.” “I know. Thank you. It means a great deal to me.” “Military training programs and large scale engineering projects also a speciality of the house,” Hux said, with a faint smile. “You were very good, you know,” he continued. “With the saber. I’ve never seen you do that close up. I’ve seen a couple of holorecordings but it’s something else entirely in person. Quite magnificent.” “It’s different without my proper garb. Not as easy. I like to feel hidden.” “Well, I was impressed.” There was quiet for a few moments, before Ren spoke up again. “I liked how you shot out the breathing apparatus. Good thinking.” “Yes, I am capable of basic tactical decision making, thank you for congratulating me on what a fourth-former should be able to deduce.” “Not everyone picks the best target instead of the easy target. Phasma always drilled her troopers on this, extensively.” “And who do you think designed the simulations in which those troopers were drilled?” Ren gritted his teeth and breathed heavily. “I am trying to make you feel better about yourself because you seemed very upset about getting wounded.” “If you absolutely insist.” At least they had some objectives now, beyond the ever-present goal of surviving another day. The ship dropped out of hyperspace. In the distance a large civilian cruiser coasted towards a planet Hux assumed to be Hegaria. Notes: canon-appropriate violence, self-reproach and light self-harm Chapter 6 : Hegaria Summary: a motel, an omelette shop, a shoe shop, survivor's guilt NEW CONTENT NEW CONTENT NEW CONTENT THE NARRATIVE HAS PROGRESSED. content notes at end Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The ship approached closer to Hegaria, one of its two large moons cresting into visibility over the curve of the planet. Its two person crew observed the view from the forward viewport in silence. For want of anything else to do, Kylo Ren checked short-range autopilot settings in preparation for the descent. While the ship decelerated through atmo, Hux monitored temperatures; at first with some anxiety, though the new ceramic shields did their job admirably. Through patchy cloud, he could see the land was green with forest and farmland, rising into fells and mountains. There were valleys and, reflecting the sky above, lakes. Could the scenes Kylo had seemingly promised him happen here? There was no way of knowing. Kylo had faith, of course. Which was as helpful as it had always been. Their flightpath took them into the middle part of a broad valley, to the town of Koire Station. It appeared to be a moderately sized settlement with a small light freight and passenger spaceport attached. Traffic control gave them a docking coordinate with barely any fuss. Nothing about the ship’s transponder signature raised any alarms, which was a welcome relief. There was still some uncertainty, though. He hadn’t spotted any security cameras in their docking bay at the Laspen III spaceport, though he hadn’t been looking particularly hard. Without security camera footage, the scene they’d left would look like the aftermath of a shootout between bandits and police. Except for the fact that two of the bandits had rather evidently been dismembered by lightsaber. Ugh . He had just been on the point of deciding not to worry about it all. Although fear was, quite rightly, the wages of cowardice. Still. The incident might well not have come to the attention of Republican authorities, who in any case probably had bigger fish to fry. It would take some very good detective work to, in a mere few hours, link the disturbance at the spaceport with a nondescript mini-freighter in stock livery with a clean signature. A passenger cruiser came in to land ahead of them, gliding in slowly on repulsorlifts and lowering first its landing gear and then a set of passenger steps. Ren coasted the Firecrest neatly to their assigned docking bay in a section of the spaceport reserved for private craft. Engines were switched off and landing gear double-locked. Five buckles clicked open, and Hux was out of his belts and out of his seat. He stretched his right arm, being wary of doing too much with or to his left shoulder. “So we’re here.” “We are.” “I think I may have overreacted somewhat,” Hux pronounced. “Mm-hmm.” “What I perhaps should have said,” and Hux glanced away as he sighed, “is that we won, and we fought well together. And you were brilliant. Of course.” Ren tilted his head to one side and regarded Hux for a moment. “I know how it feels to be angry with yourself,” he said. “I know it too well.” Hux allowed himself a small snort of laughter. “No. Listen. I’m trying so hard,” Ren said. “I have to keep moving forward to the next thing. All I have pushing me on is the feeling.” “The feeling?” “Euphoria. Adrenaline. Faith in the Force. Grandfather’s guidance. I keep going and keep going and I can’t afford for any of it to run out.” “You’ll be OK. You can do all these things. You can fight and I only worry that I can’t. That you really were right all along.” Ren stood up, went to him and folded his arms around him, carefully avoiding his wound. “I trusted you, and you didn’t let me down. You fought well. You were brave.” “Don’t say that.” “Why not? It’s just us now. Nobody else to judge. If I say you did well, then you did well.” Hux felt a warmth surround him that was greater than the usual warmth of Ren’s seemingly perpetually heat-generating body. “You do, somehow, manage to make me feel better. I hope I can do the same for you.” “You do. Believe me. You are my comfort.” “That’s nice for you.” Ren held him closer and he leant his cheek against Ren’s.The jacket Ren was wearing smelled differently to his robes. Hux would never had thought that he had a strong memory of the scent of Ren’s robes. But of course he had. The body underneath, though, that was familiar, taking him back to days where it was impossible even to imagine a situation like this. “You have practical field experience now,” Ren said, more in encouragement than in mockery. “Ha. I suppose.” “Would you like me,” Ren whispered against Hux’s ear, “to give you a commendation?” “Don’t be bloody silly.” “I want to. You have merited it.” “What, are you going to pin an imaginary medal on my chest?” “For valour in field combat,” Ren said. Hux rolled his eyes. “You are utterly ridiculous. It’s an embarrassment.” “See how much easier it is when you let me be nice to you.” “You aren’t entirely nice, in the fullest sense of the word,” said Hux, thinking of the seven dead bodies they’d left behind, not all of them in one piece. “And neither are you.” “No.” Not much point in standing around considering one’s character. Ren himself had said he had to keep moving forward. So. “Where do we go to find this contact of yours?” “There’s a shop. I’ll know it when I see it.” Hux sucked in a deep breath and let it out very slowly. Kylo shrugged. “We have options,” he said. “We can sleep on the ship – if we feel we don’t want to leave it unattended, or if you are uncertain about venturing into the town.” “And the alternatives?” “You and I are more valuable assets than the ship. If people were to come sniffing around, we might want to be tucked away elsewhere.” Hux nodded thoughtfully. “Where elsewhere, in town?” “We can find lodgings in town – points in favour, a nice comfortable bed, points against, might be a little noisy and busy. Don’t want to culture shock you too much.” “How thoughtful.” “There is usually a cheap motel near the port, which might represent the best of both worlds, and would have the advantage of being, well, cheap.” “That would be the best option.” “Get that datapad of yours out again, Hux. Be a proper tourist.” The ‘net had some information on Koire Station as a tourist destination and hub. There were some quite pleasant looking hotels in the centre of the town. Quiet and expensive seemed to go together, and several establishments boasted of their closeness to a street of taverns and restaurants. Kylo had been right, damn him. From military starship to small spaceport to bustling tourist town filled with ‘merry revellers’ seemed like a little too much. So, spaceport motels it was. There were two, and one was entirely automated. “I think we should try the automated lodge. I’d rather deal with droids than people at the moment.” “You’ll have to deal with people again sooner or later. You were doing fine earlier.” “Until there was an exchange of live fire.” “You’ll be OK.” “I’d simply rather prepare myself before dealing with large crowds of civilians, and have somewhere quiet we can retreat to afterwards. I’m perfectly adaptable, I told you.” “You don’t have to keep justifying yourself.” Kylo hauled his duffel bag out of its restraining netting. “Get your bag, then.” “What about the Kanji rifle you got me?” “You want it?” “I want to check it over. See if it needs work, which it probably will.” “You want to do that now?” “No, of course not.” Kylo took the rifle and went aft, through the galley and into the living space. Hux followed. “What are you doing?” Kylo knelt down, opened a locker and reached inside. He tapped and fiddled with something inside, and pulled out a panel. He manoeuvred the rifle inside, and replaced the panel. “Secret compartment,” he said. “Any agent worth half their pay would find that, surely.” “The Leader’s sentinels never found anything.” “Did they know there was anything to find?” Kylo made a face. “No. But you have to stop thinking of the worst case scenarios.” Hux tucked his kit bag onto his good shoulder and followed Kylo off the ship. Nearing an official seated behind a tall desk, he was a little apprehensive. It turned out that a nod and a wink and fifty credits was all the travel pass they needed to produce. He was fairly sure that Ren hadn’t even used the persuasion of the Force. Laxity couldn’t be encouraged, but when he was its beneficiary he could be quietly grateful. On the way to the lodge, they passed two humans with similar hair colour to Hux’s own. “See, you aren't so rare here.” “Isn’t everything just coming up roses?” The lodge (VistaLodge: Fully Automated For YOUR Convenience) was reassuringly utilitarian. Reception was entirely unmanned, with three freestanding consoles to accept payment and allocate rooms. Ren fed it a small amount of money. Hux looked over his shoulder. “Shit. It wants ID.” “I'll put something in, but you have to trust me.” “Don't use that Czeram chap’s details. We don't want to leave a trail.” “No, obviously, I’m not a complete idiot. It's something else, something I used to use.” Ren tapped at the console, and held his breath for a few seconds. The reception console spat out a key chip, and its screen flashed up Room 314. “OK, let's go up.” They took the lift and walked down a corridor painted in beige and dull blue, in the direction of rooms 310-320. Room 314, similarly decorated, was as sparsely furnished as a mid-ranking officer’s cabin, if a little bigger and equipped with a double bed. The bed, to be fair, did look more comfortable than that available to a Tier 4 officer. Kylo leant his duffel bag against the wall. He sat on the bed. He bounced experimentally. “Not bad, actually.” “OK, so we need a cover story,” Hux said. “Something we can agree on, something simple.” Ren pulled a face. “We’re just on vacation. It’s not complicated.” “Would people not expect two fit young men of our age to be in active employment or active service?” “People do take vacations. Especially here in the decadent Republic. It’s an industry.” “OK, OK. I don’t want to need too much backstory.” “Let’s say a young aristocrat and his boyfriend, on a tour of some hidden jewels of the Galaxy. You know the sort of thing.” “Do I?” Hux smiled wryly. “I suppose it does work for somewhere like this.” “We’ll be safe from thieves and gangs here. Relatively so.” “Ugh. This is why we were trying to bring order to the galaxy. All this crime still goes on.” “Indeed.” Hux paused for a moment, just enough to make a mistake. “Funny thing is, I am actually a minor aristocrat, of sorts. Technically.” “Oh, are you?” “Yep. Nothing too fancy. My mother is the Viscountess Calland. It’s her family title, though it barely means anything these days. My sister will inherit unless she chooses not to, which she might actually do, for reasons related to her husband’s family and an old investment trust and the rules thereof.” Hux stopped himself before launching into a discussion of Admiral Veltin’s family fortune and the idiosyncrasies of its trustees. “Oh. Oh, so you might get to be a viscount .” Ren’s left eyebrow was aloft. “What? Why is that funny?” “No reason really.” “What?” “We’ll discuss it after the day’s objectives.” “Hmm. OK. You said, more to the point, boyfriend .” “Mm. Yes. We’ll be, you know. Affectionate. If that's alright.” “I think I can do that. We’ll hold hands, that sort of thing?” It was going to be very odd, to be doing this in public. “That’s the idea.” “We have to think about aliases. Pity you burned yours.” “You can’t be sure. But, no, it’s too much of a risk. So are you sticking with yours? Am I just supposed to call you, what the fuck was it, ‘ Mullin ’? Will you actually answer to it?” “I’ll try to.” “What if I were to play my part as particularly affectionate? I could call you by a pet name. Would you respond to that… sweetheart ?” Oh, he would. He would. “Yes. Yes, actually, that would be,” he looked away and blushed slightly, “nice.” “Glad you like it. I could use my old name. The first part, anyway.” “Your old name?” “Try it. Go on.” Hux paused, mouth open, uncertain. “I don’t know if I can. It seems odd.” He narrowed his brows. “Forbidden, still.” “You know it, but you are afraid to speak it. You know my lineage. Say my name. Say it.” “I can’t. It was always on pain of death. It still feels wrong. I can’t.” “Please. It’s OK, sweetheart. I want you to. It’s OK.” Hux took the forbidden step. “Ben,” he said, fearing consequences that he knew logically and intellectually could no longer apply. “There, see?” Ren tried to sound upbeat, but his eyes betrayed him. “Is it really OK?” “Yes. Yes, it is. It’s a common name. Won’t attract too much attention.” “I meant, is it OK for you ?” “Yes. Come here.” Hux sat on the bed beside him. It was rather comfortable, he noted, as the sound of his own heartbeat surprised him. “Try again, now.” Ren’s hand covered his. It felt more like the scene of a first kiss than two conspirators arranging a cover story. “Ben. My dear, my sweet… I’m no good at pet names, they always seem so stilted although I am actually exceedingly fond of you despite some of the things that happened before.” He was babbling. It was ridiculous. Ren gathered him in his arms and squeezed. “Yes. It is alright. It’s quite alright. Very much so.” His voice thickened with emotion. “Good. That’s good.” Ren squeezed him tighter. “Ow! Fuck, you’re on my wound!” “Sorry. I’m sorry.” Ren sniffed, awkwardly. “Ren? Are you crying?” “No. Maybe a little. Sorry.” “We’ve had quite a day. And… well. Quite a few days.” “Are you sure you’re alright for all this?” “Swanning round a resort town like a spoilt brat? I can probably manage.” “You don’t like all this upheaval, I know. But you can do it. There was a time I’d never have thought you capable of any of this.” “Thank you,” Hux said, curtly. “I thought you were dull and stupid.” Ren laughed gently, at his own nerve. “You still can be, a little.” “Thank you.” “But only when you… when you don't know the way to see it properly. Your ways of seeing can be so rigid,” Ren said. Hux sighed. “I suppose.” It was all too abstract. “Do you feel trapped?” “No. Why should I? “Not only trapped in your way of thinking. Trapped here with me.” “I don't think so. No. It’s not… not like that.” “What’s local time?” Hux checked his chronometer. “1310h. Feels a hell of a lot later.” He wondered why Ren couldn’t be bothered to check his. Perhaps he felt that Hux needed some small administrative tasks to do, to keep him busy and feeling useful. Patronising. But accurate, unfortunately. “We should head into town.” “Good. I prefer when we keep busy. Got to try to stay awake. I should maybe take something for time lag,” Hux said, digging for his med pack. “Do you want one?” “I shouldn’t have them. They can interfere with my abilities. You shouldn’t really take them either. They screw with your head.” “Sometimes needs must.” “Like when?” “When schedules are getting tight and one needs to stay awake just to get things done, because not getting things done is not a bloody option, Kylo. I trust the army doctors. They know what they’re doing.” Kylo laughed, bitterly. “OK, fine. Whatever. I’ll leave it until I feel tired.” “Are you hungry? It is lunchtime here.” “It’s been a few hours since we ate. Should have something, I suppose. Should we stop somewhere on the way?” “You tell me. Do you think we should eat a protein portion from your kit bag, or do you think we should save them until we’re somewhere we might not have access to numerous eating establishments? You’re the strategist, Hux, you tell me.” “Oh, alright.” “Keep it up and you might get commended for Engagement With Civilians At Meal Times.” Hux smiled and blushed. He was enjoying Ren’s teasing a lot more than he thought he should. Between them, they patched up the blast hole in Hux’s shirt with the sewing kit from his kit bag. He was very pleased to have proven the merit of being prepared. Ren produced a jacket for Hux to wear to cover the patch and keep him warm in the cool climate. It was a little too big, but that could look artful, possibly. They stepped out of the lodge, key chip in Ren’s pocket, hand in hand. It was, Hux realised, the first time in several years that he had been taken out to lunch or dinner by someone as a date of any description, if that’s indeed what this was. He adjusted his scarf to keep out the breeze. Ren squeezed his hand. He could do this. They found a place still serving lunch. It was billed as an omelette shop, and Hux was sceptical. Navy cooks made a passable flat round yellow thing at breakfast in the senior officers’ mess, but he didn’t see how one could build a whole restaurant business around it. He had once had, he thought, a very good egg pancake at a diplomatic brunch, in his youth. The outcome of that meeting had been influenced more by the bluntness of Brendol Hux’s rhetoric and the First Order battleship weighing heavy in the sky than by anyone’s opinions on the quality of the brunch, however. Inside, a few tables were occupied. They looked at the menu. It was, rather ostentatiously, Hux thought, written in four different languages, only two of which he recognised. The page in Basic promised traditional Hegarian potato omelette, made with eggs claimed to be from the restaurant’s own hens, in a paragraph that descended into the most sententious claptrap about the diet, lifestyle and happiness of the birds. A prince of Corellia or Naboo could surely only dare to dream of the luxury and carefree exuberance lived by these egg-layers. He’d heard a strange burbling clucking sound while they’d been stood on the pavement sizing the place up, and he put two and two together and realised that must be the sound that hens made. It was rather funny. At the next table, a couple, one human and one near-human, were discussing their plans. “Let’s do the riverside trail tomorrow. While the weather is still dry.” “And the distillery, or shall we leave that to a wet day?” “We could leave it till the end. Are you taking bottles back for your Erivin?” “Of course. He doesn’t approve of his mother going on vacation in Times Like These, but you bet your life he still wants treats bringing back!” The ladies both roared with laughter. How blessed they were, to be foot loose and fancy free in Times Like These. A large wheel of potato omelette arrived, already cut into wedges. Whole, he thought, it would have been suitable for patching a shot-hole in a surface vehicle. He cut a piece from the side of a wedge. It was plain, but hot and palatable and not as weighty as appearances suggested. He followed Ren’s lead and spooned a little of one of the provided sauces onto it. This, it turned out, was a mistake. While he gulped down half a glass of water, Ren called the waitress over and asked for milk. “Why didn’t you warn me?” “It’s not that hot. On a scale of one to five it barely merits a three. “ Walking into the centre of Koire Station was irksome, far more than the spaceport on Laspen III had been. Koire Station was full of tourists, and tourists were, to a life form, clueless bloody amateurs. A commercial spaceport was full of people who were getting from A to B with some purpose, if not with military bearing. The lifeforms here were meandering, almost free-floating. This was why you needed a system. This was why you needed education and order and protocol. Walk slow on the right and fast on the left would be a start. Hux tugged on Ren’s hand. “Can these people not get out of the way?” “Relax, sweetheart,” Ren said, obviously getting into his part. Shops and food outlets lined the street on one side. On the other, the side where they were walking, wooden benches backed on to an area of open ground. Ren was keeping an eye on the opposite side of the street, looking for the place where he would supposedly meet some sort of contact. “This is it,” Ren said. He nodded across at a shop. “Which one?” “The shoe and outdoor goods shop.” “Do we both go in?” “Yes. We can get you some new boots. Suitable for the terrain where we’ll be going.” Hux was relieved that he wouldn’t have to stay outside on his own. He felt a stab of shame at that. A First Order soldier, afraid of being left on his own on a busy shopping street. But to tell himself the truth, he wasn’t used to being on his own in unfamiliar surroundings. There was always somewhere to be, some briefing to attend, some session to supervise, and always around people who were familiar if only by virtue of their uniforms. And that was without touching on the fact that he was a wanted man. He took a few breaths to regulate himself, and followed Ren across the street and into the shop. “Good morning,” Ren called out, in an unnaturally jolly tone. Or perhaps it wouldn’t have sounded unnatural coming from most people. “Good morning, gentlemen,” smiled the woman behind the counter. “Is there anything in particular I can help you with today?” “Yes, as a matter of fact there is,” Ren said, his tone that of a laid back Old Republican aristocrat. “Walking boots, for him.” “Of course. Step this way, sirs.” “I’ve swept him off on a surprise vacation, and didn’t give him enough clues to allow him to pack the right things.” The shop assistant nodded. “And he’s still rocking military-chic.” “Oh, I see. No good for trekking. Let’s see what I can get you sorted out with. What size do you take?” “44” “Very good. I’ll see what we have in stock. I’ll look for something that doesn’t need too much breaking in, as you’ll be wearing them almost straight away, yes?” “Yes. Thank you.” Kylo followed the shop assistant a couple of metres and stopped her, saying something to her that Hux didn’t quite catch. She replied hurriedly, and Hux realised that he wasn’t catching the words because they weren’t speaking Galactic Basic. The shop assistant returned, three large shoe boxes balanced between her arms and chin. She set them down on the floor and opened the top one. With practised hands she removed a wedge of packing material from inside each boot, and presented the boots to Hux. Hux took his own boots off. From the corner of his eye he spotted the shop assistant slipping something to Ren. A chip card of some sort, he was pretty sure. “I won’t be long, my sweet.” He reached into his pocket and handed Hux a good grab of credit chips. “The boots are my treat. And get yourself any socks you like, any waterproof jacket if you need.” He left him there. To make small talk. With a shop lady. Hux could hear two sets of footsteps going up stairs. “How are those?” “Not bad lengthwise, but I feel my foot moving around in the shoe a little.” The woman palpated Hux’s feet through the boot. “Hmm. You may need something narrower. Let’s try lacing them as tight as they’ll go.” He tried it. Too tight across the top of the instep and still loose further down. “Let’s pop your feet in our scanner, then I’ll know for sure what should fit you.” Hux had wondered if this sort of place had a scanner, or if they liked to do everything the old fashioned way for some spurious reason. A scanned and bespoke stitched shoe would be ideal. The baseplate of the store’s scanner was rather cold. “Oh, you do have a narrow foot, sir, and a high instep. But I’m sure we’ll have something for you.” The scanner’s laser strobed over Hux’s bare, cold feet. “We do have a bespoke droid-machined service,” the assistant said, and Hux wondered why she hadn’t damn well said so before, until she carried on, “but the turnaround is three to four business days.” “So you don’t have the fabrication droids here in the shop?” “No, I’m sorry to say, sir. We still send away to the big city for those sorts of things.” He tried to hold back his contempt. “Well. I suppose…” “We like our way of life, sir. A slower pace.” How anyone could possibly voluntarily submit themselves to lead times and turnaround times that were any longer than necessary was utterly incomprehensible. “Do you email the measurements or send them by homing bird?” “Sounds like you need to relax and unwind, sir. And you’ve come to the right place. Some mountain air will do you a power of good.” “Yes. I do think it will.” She unboxed another pair of boots. “Try these.” They were definitely better. “Walk around in them. Do you feel any pinching at all above the ankle?” “No, none at all.” “Good, good. These are rated highly for comfort, and customers do tell us that they can be work straightaway without a breaking in phase, but if you did feel any pinching, now would be the time to say.” The boots were very good. “I see your socks are good quality, but it’s always worth having another pair,” the shop assistant said, keen to upsell. “It is indeed.” She showed him a pair of trekking socks.“These are a nerf under-wool and synthetic blend, seamless, very comfortable.” “Oh they feel rather good. I think I’ll take a pair. And these are very nice,” Hux said, homing in on the best socks in the shop. “Those are wonderful. I have a pair myself for the winter months. You will never have cold feet again. Worth the price tag, in my opinion.” “Hmm. He did say these things were his treat.” They went to the counter to pay. On the counter stood a holoimage of a man and a woman, surrounded by dried flowers, and another holoimage of a middle-aged Togruta gentleman with a set of prayer beads draped over the frame. The assistant saw Hux looking. “It’s always going to be like this from now on, at this time in the standard calendar. Thinking of those we’ve lost.” “I suppose it is.” He had to be vague until he could find his feet in the conversation. He didn’t want her to say it, to be specific, but she probably was going to. “That’s my sister and her husband. Hosnian III, they were on. She was an account clerk. For a transport business. He worked in a place making the repulsor circuits they put in hover boots for gravball players. Hover boots. For gravball! You have to wonder, what they have against people who just go to work and do their jobs. But here we are.” “I’m sorry.” “So am I.” She noticed his face. “Oh, I am sorry. I get hardened to it sometimes. Did you lose someone?” “Yes. I did.” How was he going to talk about this. But he had lost people. Thousands of them. “Work colleagues.” He had to lie and he had to lie fast and he also had to tell enough of the truth. “I’m in engineering,” he said. “Lost some really good people actually. I was going to give some members of my team a promotion, but, well, that wasn’t to be.” He remembered the implosion. Death as sure as by any other means. “I wasn’t there. Lucky.” “Oh, that’s tough. Survivor’s guilt, they call it, don’t they?” “I don’t know if it’s guilt. Discomfort, perhaps.” She nodded. “I hope your vacation gives you a little space to…you know. Whatever you need time and space for.” “That’s why we’ve come away really. My boyfriend organised it all. Was a bit of a surprise for me – he just came and swept me away. We’ve been touring around a little, but this is where I really wanted to come.” “You’ll have the peace and quiet at the end of the season, but you may not be so lucky with the weather.” She made a face. “We have peace here. War and occupation in the rest of the galaxy, but peace here. Sometimes I think someone in the First Order must like us.” “Ha. Yes. Maybe so.” Hux had himself made sure that Hegaria was on the schedule D list of planets. To be gently brought into the fold by negotiation once the Order’s victory was assured. He handed over some credits. “He has treated you nicely.” Hux smiled. “Yes. He’s been so good to me.” “Well, you enjoy yourselves.” Ren came through from the back area of the building and eased himself through racks of clothing to the front desk, avoiding the other customer in the shop. “Are we alright?” "Fine. We’re fine." "You?” Ren’s face glowed. He seemed energised. No doubt he would soon have something to say about the Living Force. “Yes. All good.” Notes: major character: reference to past reliance (though not dependence) on prescribed medication minor, original character: discussion of the anniversary of a loved one's death (in a terrorist atrocity) (with, unknowingly, the perpetrator of that atrocity) Chapter 7 : Simulation and Reality Summary: Pretence is seductive, but true declarations are terrifying. Back at the motel, Hux wasn’t ready to let go of the assumed identity. Playing at being an established couple had been more comfortable than he had been expecting. This Ren, who held hands and bought him things, was too lovely to let go of. “Can we keep on with the pretence? Just for a little while?” “Pretence?” “This. The holding hands and being sweet with each other. Just for a bit, if you don’t mind.” “Oh, of course.” Ren’s eyes shone. “Come here, let me kiss you.” Hux stepped across the worn-thin carpet, into Ren’s embrace. His hands were warm on Hux’s cheek and his kiss was soft and tender. “Like this?” “Yes, like that.” He’d always been capable of this. He must have been. “Never had the chance for this sort of thing. Never the time or opportunity. You neither, I suppose.” “Me neither.” “Last time I had a boyfriend, as such, I was still a Major. And it wasn’t much, then.” He felt Ren’s chest move with a sudden inhalation, as if he were about to say something. But no new words came. “I had a few liaisons,” Hux continued. “Useful liaisons. Expedient. But not, you know.” “Did they make a fuss of you, these liaisons? Buy you treats?” “Not like you. You’ve been so good to me today, darling,” he said, pretending extravagantly. “So. Let’s see what I bought for you.” Ren fetched the lax-weave shopping bag and took the goods from it. He carefully opened the boot box and took out a boot, turning it over in his hands to inspect it. “Good quality,” he said. “You know what you like.” “Of course I do.” Ren turned his attention to the socks. “Good and durable,” he said, weighing up the thick knit trekking socks. “Oh,” he said, and the super-soft knit of the best socks in the shop yielded to his fingers. “Only the best for you, hey? Don’t you want to find out how soft they are?” “I’ll try them on,” Hux said, just suppressing a grin. He sat on the edge of the bed and wiggled his boots from his feet. This was lovely. This whole world that he’d never seen. The new socks were soft, and as the saleswoman had promised, so wonderfully warm. Ren cradled one of his feet in those broad hands, and rubbed gently at his ankle bone, looking down with tenderness. “Thank you. Thank you, Ben.” “I’m…” Kylo’s head dipped and his hair fell in front of his face. “I’m glad you like them.” He suddenly broke away. “This is… I have a lot to think about.” “Is it too much? I'm sorry. We'll stop.” He’d known perfectly well it would be too much when he said it. “No. It's my tasks. My mission. I have to go back and make contact again. It won't be easy.” “You only have to go to the same place, surely?” “Not difficult like that. Please try not to be obtuse. Difficult because of what I have to ask for.” “Oh. Well. I doubt I can be much help to you there.” “I need to think some more.” Hux stood up from the bed. “You do your thinking.” He stepped into the refresher, more to get out of Ren’s way than for anything else. He looked at himself in the mirror. Tired. Feeling tired and looking it. His eyes had somehow grown small bags. He remembered putting cold compresses on them, in the days before Starkiller was approaching its scheduled test fire. Scheduled . Ha. He could have half a Peredrex to keep him going. Or perhaps he should be rationing them. Who fucking knew? He yawned and blinked, and splashed cold water on his face. He was itching, physically and metaphorically, to get rid of the two days of beard growth on his face. But he knew the rationale for being unshaven was sound. And he knew Ren liked it for some reason. He might as well go along with Ren’s silly little preferences at this point. He took a piss. Might as well. He stared disapprovingly at some discolouration around the edges of the plasteel wall. While washing his hands with the pleasantly scented liquid soap provided by the motel, he thought he could half-hear voices. He was more tired than he'd thought, then. Drying his hands, he could definitely hear a voice: Ren, muttering softly. Some ludicrous mystic incantation, perhaps. No. Not that. It was a quiet conversation. But only one half of the conversation. Hux silently opened the fresher door a crack, and put his eye to the gap. Ren was talking, to someone who was clearly not there. His facial expressions and gestures were aimed at a piece of air some two meters from the bed. “I know I need to.” “I will.” “Have I left it too late? Even this?” “I feel it, but what if he doesn’t accept it?” “Always. I have faith.” Hux stepped back into the bedroom and stood, hands clasped behind his back, in something very close to correct parade rest. It still seemed the best way to confront a problem. “What were you saying? Were you talking to… the ghost?” “I was.” “What about?” “A little of everything. You. In passing.” “Oh.” “He was talking about how much he loved his wife.” “Oh.” “She was a queen, you know.” “I know. She was both a help and a hindrance to the founding of the Empire.” “No. Don’t parrot your history lessons at me. Please. Not now.” “I’m sorry. I expect your find it… ah, never mind.” “He loved her. They took some happiness together. And the Emperor lied.” Ren was clearly attempting to be stoic, but a rage bubbled beneath the surface, seemingly directed at the Emperor, of all people. “Was it worth it?” “Was what worth it?” “Any of it! However long they had together.” “Of course it was! It should have been longer, but for the Emperor’s sabotage.” “Is this relevant to…” “Of course it’s relevant! He doesn’t want me to miss my chances.” Hux was shocked to hear a nominally right-thinking person call the Emperor himself as a saboteur and villain, especially if they were at the same time hanging on the every word of Lord Vader. But, really, the Empire was an idea, not a man. Sheev Palpatine was a vastly gifted and skilled politician but no person was without flaws, and he had, from Kylo’s evidence, gravely wounded Lord Vader in such a way that, even in death, Vader would not forgive. Hux could no longer tolerate such cruel actions from Snoke towards Kylo and himself. He would, then, even as a good Imperial, allow his view of Palpatine to be likewise coloured. “I have to keep going,” Kylo said. “That’s what he wants. To push, to be brave.” “Brave. We’re coward traitors. Both of us.” “No. We are adventurers.” “Are we going to survive this? Together?” Ren gently squeezed Hux’s forearm. “We keep going. Everything comes together. By the grace of the Force. It’ll be OK.” “I was never afraid before.” “I know.” Hux blinked his eyes tight shut, and exhaled. “I’m so tired. Feel like I’ve done three shifts on the go.” “It is more action that you usually get.” “I need either sleep, or a stim. Very strong caf might do it. Sun hasn’t even bloody set.” “You know my thoughts on the stims.” Well, that would seem to put paid to the half a 200mg Peredrex: at least, if he didn’t want to have a row with Ren about it. And to be quite honest, he could do without that. Too tired, you see. Too tired to do anything about being tired. Current research, as propagated through the First Order field manual, recommended adjusting to new sleep patterns as soon as possible to mitigate the effects of time lag when going planetside or making a large change to shift pattern. Soldiers and officers had drills to maintain alertness when extending waking hours. Current research on the effects of fatigue also recommended that one should not allow oneself to get excessively tired and risk impairing judgement. That hadn’t always been possible, with pressure of management and leadership, but it was now. So he could maybe sleep. He felt himself blinking now. Ren noticed it too. “Sleep,” Ren said. “I’ll get in with you. I can nap or I can read a book on your datapad.” He visibly checked himself. “I mean to say, if I may read a book on your datapad.” Hux yawned. “Do I have anything you want to read? Personal documents are locked down so don’t even think about it by the way.” “I could read a chapter of your Thrawn art history. Or one of those lurid unofficial biographies of great imperials.” “You won’t find anything like that on there. Not without a pass key you won’t, anyway.” In his kit bag, not so carefully packed as they might have been, were his sleep clothes and wash bag. “Take a quick shower,” Ren said. The scent of battle will be on you, under your clothes. You won’t be used to it.” “The scent of battle? I mean, really, battle ? And besides, we showered this morning. Albeit not with water.” “I understand more about that side of things than you do. Adrenaline. Fear. You aren’t used to it. The resilience your troopers build up in their training, this is part of it. You’ll sleep better clean of the scent of battle.” Ren did seem quite serious. “I’ll do the same,” he said. Very well. Clothes off and folded, and back to the fresher he went. The water ran warm almost straight away, and the pleasantly scented liquid soap would do. He’d save his own supplies. Ren followed him in, and stood behind him, not touching him. “Is this some sort of overture to something?” “No, no. Merely an efficient use of resources.” Behind him, Ren washed, and then helped him with his back. The attention was welcome. He was, under the hot water, definitely feeling more of the relaxed sort of tired now. Toweled, and with an application of three parts standard foot cream to one part nourishing oil (sourced through the usual unofficial channels) made to his feet, knees and elbows, he put on sleep clothes, pulled the viewshade down, and got in between the clean white washed-soft sheets. Ren had, it turned out, been correct about the value of being freshly washed and clean scented. He took a painkiller for his wound, set his chrono alarm for 0600 local time, just in case he were to sleep through, and lay on his good side. Ren idly stroked his back. “I’ll change your dressing for you in the morning,” he said. Sleep came promptly. While he slept, Hux had muddled dreams of Ren sat at a conference table discussing an important mission with a group of confidants, some in military uniform, others in Jedi robes. He awoke in near darkness. Bluish moonlight came through a gap in the viewshade. He picked up his datapad from the side of the bed, and searched for something to read. A body shifted and stirred beside him. “You awake then?” “Yep.” Ren cuddled up against him and wrapped an arm around his waist. It was quite pleasant. “I sort of was, too. Are you reading or working?” “I was reading.” He put the datapad down. Ren sat up a little more. “Hux,” he said, raising himself up to lay his head on Hux’s chest. He gestured vaguely at the view shade and it opened a little to let in more moonlight. “Comfortable?” Hux asked. Unlike Ren’s, his chest did not make a good pillow; of that he was certain. “Yes. You?” “Yep.” “Say my name again,” Ren said, serious and determined for whatever this time of night was. “I want to hear it. From you.” “Are you sure?” “I’m sure.” This would be the third time. Perhaps it would be lucky. “Ben,” he said, softly, with his fingers tucked into Ren’s hair. “That’s me. That’s me.” Hux felt him swallow. “My name is Ben Organa Solo, and it always has been,” then he took a breath and held it for a second before adding, “and I love you.” The room was so quiet and so still. Ben Organa Solo held Dion Hux close and told him the truth again. “I love you. I love you and we’re going to be OK. We’ve come this far. Can you love me?” What a question. “Yes. Of course I can. I don’t know how I can do anything else.” Hux looked down at him, at the angles of his face caught in the moonlight. “This is really you, now, isn’t it? As well as everything else you are.” He shivered as Kylo, Ben, the man he loved , reached up and gently thumbed his unshaven cheek. “This is really me. And you, this you right here, with your soft hair and your rough face, this is really you.” Hux made a tiny noise of amusement. “I suppose it is.” He smiled, with what had to be tenderness , and said what he no longer wanted to avoid saying. “I love you. I do. I think I’d been meaning to say so.” The thought had indeed been pressing on his chest from the inside. “I’ve been trying to say it since I stepped through your door. I’m…it’s as I said, I’m the same man I have always been. Just me, I think. You know I don’t belong to him any more.” “You did say that. The same man you’ve always been.” Hux bit his lip. “I asked you, and that’s what you told me. I knew it wasn’t a complete answer.” “It was the best answer I had. It’s not easy, you know. But I’m trying.” “I know. Well. I think I do. So. Am I to keep calling you Ben, now?” “Yes. You can call me what you like, but, yes, that would be… yes.” “Of course. Ben. My darling.” Tears washed at Hux’s eyes, and he swallowed them. Salt, hot, and aching. He hadn’t realised how much he needed this, until he had it. Someone to love. Someone to care about and look after. “Shit. This is… I don’t want to have to pretend any more.” “No. We don’t have to. This is real now. This is real.” It was real. Terrifying. “I’ve loved you for quite some time, I’ve come to realise.” “The same. I didn’t mean to fall in love with you. I think I would have always been, I suppose, infatuated with you, to some extent. Cold and beautiful and off-putting as you were.” Hux laughed at that. “We hated each other, that was true, but something happened, didn’t it? Maybe as soon as you took me into your bed. The connection didn't come from nowhere.” “I wanted to give you a good time, you know,” Hux said. “I said back at the time I meant to do it properly.” “And you did. But I wouldn’t have kept coming back if we weren’t fighting each other, hating each other. Grandfather helped me see that, later. How it worked. He wants me to be happy.” “Well, I don’t hate you any more.” “And I don’t hate you. We’re together now, by the grace of the Living Force, and it feels so right. Doesn’t it?” Hux laced their fingers together and pressed kisses along Ben’s knuckles. “So right.” “Can I tell you something I like?” Hux gave his assent. “I like that you call me darling . It’s nice. It’s what I heard you say, in my mind. While I was away.” It was time to be honest. “I did say it. Maybe not out loud, I’m not sure. When we were together. You were asleep, in any case.” He took a deep breath and carried on. “You had woken up with a nightmare. Some terror, something he had done, I think. I wasn’t entirely ready to deal with it, but I stroked your hair and told you it was safe to go back to sleep. Then, I was only pretending…” and his tears pricked at his eyes as he spoke, admitting his secret, “… imagining what it would be like to care about you, and I said, ‘hush darling, it’s alright darling.’ My cover story is that I was only pretending, but I wasn’t, was I? It hurt, here.” He placed his hand on his upper chest. “It still does.” Ben covered Hux’s hand with his own. “Oh. Now I understand.” “That’s why I handled things so badly the next day. I panicked, rather, and reacted quite badly. I’m sorry. I’m a mess. You know that now.” “And I took it from there.” “We were very foolish. Both of us.” He dabbed at the corner of his eye. Ben sat up, his face singular and strange in the moonlight. “Say it again.” “Ben. I love you.” One unruly tear escaped onto his cheek. “Shit. Is this what it’s like?” “I think it is.” The tear was gently kissed away. “Do you feel the Living Force now?” “I don’t know. How could I know? But I shall say yes. I do feel something. I love you; it hurts; I feel happy, and alive. Warm. Safe, even.” “That’s it. You do feel it. We shall keep each other safe.” “I hope we can,” he said. “Hold me. Hold me close. I still think I shouldn't want this, but…” He nestled gladly against the warm body of the man he loved. This was unfamiliar but deeply welcoming ground, a territory that hadn’t appeared on any of his plans and charts. “I shan’t let you go. Not now.” “You came back for me. It's all true, isn’t it?” “All true.” “So this is who you’ve been – who you are now? I mean to say, this is why you were different, when you came back? Why we’re like this, now?” “Yes, it is. But it always has been. Although, yes, different . Don’t ask me who I am. I don’t know how to answer, not in any way that would satisfy you.” “OK. None of that makes sense: you do realise that, don’t you?” “I’m making it up as I go along. I told you that.” “Yes. You did. I have more of an idea of what you mean by that, now.” He squeezed Ben’s hand and offered him a wry smile. “We are two poor little broken toys, aren’t we? But we make the most of things, no? Efficient and pragmatic, is what we shall be.” “Efficient and pragmatic? Oh do tell me more.” “I think the most efficient and pragmatic course of action available to me would be to love you. To continue. To make the most of this.” “You're happy. I can feel it.” The Force was not deceiving him. They lay there for a while, holding on to one another. Hux trailed his fingertips over Ben’s side and onto his thigh. “Do you want to…” “I do. I almost always do, a little bit.” “Do we have to be all gentle and meaningful, now? Does it have to be different?” “It already is. Hux. Did you not notice?” “Of course I did.” Ben kissed him, long and tender and warm. “You liked it.” “Of course,” Hux whispered. “Of course I did.” “I liked it,” Ben said, his breath hot. He tucked his thumbs into the waistband of Hux’s sleep pants, and Hux lifted his hips to have them pulled off him. He sat up to take his shirt off, accepting some help to take it over his wounded shoulder. He lay back again and nudged his legs up over Ben’s, pulling him closer in. His hands framed Ben’s waist and slid over his back, feeling the heat under his skin more than the scars on it. Ben’s hair hung around his face as he kissed at him. It was different now and he knew it. And it had been different that first night, with Ren saying his name over and over, with the feeling that he was giving him something he truly needed, that it meant something. “You’re mine, aren’t you?” he asked, an urgent whisper at Ben’s ear. “Yes. Yes.” “Then I’m yours.” This was more than he had ever given anyone. Terrifying, impossible, and he felt desperately compelled to give it. Because this is what you did when you were… doing this. Like this. It was Ben kissing at his face, sucking at his neck behind his ear, making him dirty with kisses, making him breathless. It was Ben, eager yet careful, making him slick and wet and ready. It was Ben, eyes closed in bliss and concentration, filling him: filling him up with a deep pulsing pleasure and a heat that soaked through his skin and burned over his thighs and up his back. He clutched on with his arms and his legs, pulling him in and in and in. It didn’t matter what his Ben, his Ren, called himself, as long as it was like this. “Don’t let me go,” Hux whispered. “If I’m yours, then I’m yours.” “Mine.” Through all the tenderness, he was being beautifully, splendidly fucked. He panted, swallowed a moan and let another slip out un-muted. A hand reached in and touched him, bringing him closer to the edge, manipulating him with the same warm strong fingers that manipulated reality itself, taking him to where all the sensations were too intense and he could feel the final barrier in front of him and sense the drop on the other side. He crashed through it with a groan, feeling himself almost weightless for a second, burying his face in Ben’s hair, breathing heavily, waiting for him to come. He greeted the quickening and sudden tensing of Ben’s body with joy and great pride. Standing beside him in the fresher, washing himself off, Hux felt almost shy, as if he had suddenly proven to be made of fragile stuff. Back in the days before, he always felt that even in the immediate aftermath, they’d put themselves back together a little, and so the fresher would be crowded only with the proud and confident bodies of two men who had just fucked and who were probably going to go to sleep in a pleasant mood. This, though was a new scenario, at once delightful and terrifying. His layers had been peeled away. And so had Ren’s – to an unimaginable extent. He couldn’t stop glancing at him. Trying to suppress the little smiles on his face. I love him. I can’t keep this weakness hidden any more. I shall forget what to call him. He’ll always be my Ren. My knight. They lay in the blissful body warmth of afterwards. “What’s funny is that I do actually outrank you.” “Oh. Here we go.” “My mother is a princess. Twice over. Which makes me a prince. Twice over.” “Oh, please . Of course you’re not.” “Well, first of all, consider Naboo.” Hux rolled his eyes. “My grandmother was a Queen and a daughter of House Naberrie, one of the princely families.” “You can’t think I don’t know they elected their kings and queens. This is foolish. And I’m not sure the mere fact of coming from a princely family makes you an actual prince.” “Hair-splitting. And as noble families go, Naberrie beats Calland by quite some margin.” “I have never claimed otherwise,” Hux said, with a cross blush. “My mother, as you perfectly well know, was adopted by the royal family of Alderaan; making me a prince of Alderaan, too. Or at least, the asteroid field where Alderaan used to be. Hux, you know your protocol, you would know if when a territory is destroyed, the title can remain.” “It doesn’t,” Hux said crisply. “In fact. So that makes you ’not quite a prince’, twice over.” “And you are actually potentially maybe going to inherit a title. I don’t want you to feel bad about the few thousand square kilometres of rolling farmland that you may one day be legally entitled to lord it over, but I was just saying, I do actually outrank you by noble house, too.” Ren giggled; still a most incongruous sound. “I don’t really care, though. But you started it.” “When did I?” “Yesterday. You had a sudden attack of fake modesty about your aristocratic roots. I wasn’t applying the slightest bit of pressure you know.” “Oh, fine. Fine.” “You have passed counter-interrogation training, haven’t you? I’m sure I saw you had, in your files.” “If you’ve seen my files, you know what they say. Of course I ruddy well have. I wouldn’t talk if it were an actual scenario.” “But you keep saying things to me.” “I’m susceptible to you. And not your damned Force-doings. Just you. Oh hell, I really am beyond help.” “No, nowhere is beyond. And wherever you are, I am too.” “My noble prince,” Hux said, with a smirk and an exaggerated flutter of his eyelashes. Ren raised his eyebrows and affected the most haughtily royal demeanour, making Hux twitch with glee. “Oh, so you’ve decided I am a prince after all, now you’ve realised it makes you look good by association?” “Is that so wrong? If this were a romantic tale, they’d say we were eloping.” “Not inaccurate.” “You had me like a rough space pirate, do I get you like a noble and elegant Naboo prince?” “What do you think? Perhaps you just did.” Hux fingered the wash softened motel room sheets. “I would expect silk sheets or super fine linen at the very least.” Ren closed the viewshade again, and Hux put in another shift of sleep. Hux woke in the soft sheets and eyed the glowing display of a chrono. 0547. In the middle of the night, or whenever it was, in a secret time between two sleeps, things had happened. Words had been said. And he had called him by a different name as they had… had a particularly tender and heartfelt fuck. He turned to look at him. Eyes closed, breathing softly, a little puddle of drool under the corner of his mouth. “Hello.” Ren made a quiet grunt and opened his eyes. “Am awake,” he mumbled. Hux found his sleep clothes bundled up at the bottom of the bed. He put them on again, got out of bed and cancelled his alarm. He wandered across the room, to a built in hot drink dispenser. “How might one rate this little machine?” “No idea. You want me to sense its potential with the Force, or you want to put a cup under it and push the button marked tea?” Hux put a cup under the machine’s spout and pushed the button marked tea. “It says we need to purchase credits from the console in the foyer.” “Oh, for fuck’s sake.” Ren got out of the bed and stalked naked to where Hux stood. “Bandits. This is how they get you. Cheap rooms but pay up if you want a cup of caf in the morning. At least the soap and towels were free.” He waved a hand at the machine, called it a fucker, and stood back. Hux felt that fizzing, bubbling glee again. The display no longer showing the offending message, he pressed the button, and the spout delivered. The resulting liquid was hot, tea-like, and of an acceptable basic everyday standard. Slight synth-note. Lacking in the attack and aftertaste of good leaves. Sort of thing non-commissioned officers drained by the bucketful. He put the cup under the spout again for a second one. He ought to get dressed. He sniffed at his shirt and had to conclude that Ren had been right. There was something about it that set his blood up. “There’s a sonic setting in the shower. I’m going to put these in for five minutes.” He gathered shirts, undershirts and underwear, and set about the planning and construction of a structure to support them in the shower, based on clothes hangers and a small ration of duct tape from his kit bag. Ren poked his head around the door. “A veritable Coruscanti skyscraper,” he said. After five minutes of sonic, the Coruscanti skyscraper was mainly intact, and the clothes smelled better. Once dressed, Hux’s thoughts turned again to the Kanji blaster rifle hidden on their ship, and the prospect of giving it some mechanical attention. “I didn’t get much of a look at that blaster rifle. It seemed well powered. Can’t imagine it’s tip-top for accuracy, though.” Ren made a wry expression. “So, if you’d made it, it’d be the best, most accurate, home-made blaster rifle the galaxy had ever seen?” “I’m sure I could improve it. See, the problem with a mag-link accelerator is that if there’s any play between the cage and the barrel the bolt will be drawn off line.” He gestured with his hands to illustrate. “And if the timing on the circuits isn’t right, you don’t get enough amplification or enough acceleration.” “Maybe you can play with it later. We might have the tools. You probably know what’s in the locker better than I do.” “Tools are one thing. We need the sole use of a practice firing range for calibration, or somewhere out in the middle of nowhere where they don’t mind gunfire.” “We will see what we can do.” “It would be a lot easier if the Kanji simply did as everyone else does and bought blasters from a reputable merchant. This insistence on the ways of long ago to spite modern technology, it really is silly.” He caught sight of Ren’s lightsaber peeking out from his long shirt. The weapon of a bygone, so-called civilised age . “Oh. Yes. Well.” “You like your antique pens and bound books. And your Bresko oil. So you can talk.” “Bresko oil is my secret weapon. I never get a cracked heel or a dry elbow.” “You used to get terrible dry elbows.” “Yes. Because the supply of Bresko oil had been temporarily interrupted. Cause and effect.” “Anyone would think you were on a credit commission for every bottle sold.” Apart from a short walk on that scrubby little planet, he’d barely stretched his legs since… since before Ren had made his sudden return. These boots ought to be alright to run in. They weren’t running shoes, but they very much weren’t dress boots either. He was already following signs to a boating lake. He started to jog. This was much better. After a short while he had to take off his jacket and tuck it under his arm. The air was fresh and tasted good, in a way that the air on a starship had never tasted. He reached the lake, and found that the path ran all the way around it. He’d do one lap, and if Ren came back from his rendezvous, he’d have to meet and find him. That was fair. The path followed the shore almost exactly, tucking back behind a couple of promontories into an wooded area. Beneath branches of tall conifers, the path was thick with damp needles. Pleasant to run on and sweet scented. On the completion of his one lap, he sat down. Birds approached. Webbed feet. Ducks. He hadn’t seen a duck since he was four years old. He hadn’t liked them then. The duck approached closer and made a disgusting noise in its throat. “What do you want? Go away.” The duck prodded with its bill at his boot. The bright blue feathers on its head and neck shimmered. Needlessly colourful, for such an average creature. “Go away!” He remembered someone, his mother, or more likely the droid, holding on to the hood of his raincoat to prevent him from chasing after the ducks. And there had been that time, it came back to him now, all fully realised, where he’d run off after the ducks, and a big duck had turned the tables and come at him, and he’d tried to run away and Ellis had laughed and laughed. He far preferred it when the hound, Nardo, chased the ducks. Then mother or father would call Nardo back and tell him off, before putting him back on his leash. He threw a stone into the pond. The splash was dissatisfying. Nardo was a good dog. He remembered that much, at least, and he remembered how sad he’d been when they had to get rid of him. Because it wasn’t just “the dog died,” was it? Father had had his reasons, which were, he’d learned later, to do with the war. The dog. The first great loss of his and Ellis’ lives. And not long later, the Empire fell; they’d had to pack a few bags, take an evac shuttle, and leave everything else behind. That kind of loss wasn’t supposed to happen again. But here he was, having grabbed a bag and gone with no notice, leaving everything behind. (Not quite everything, though.) It suddenly struck him. Ellis. And his little niece and nephew, too. Ellis would be suspected of collaborating with him or at the least having knowledge of his whereabouts. Being deputy Minister wouldn’t count for a piece of shit. Being married to a top Admiral wouldn’t help either. Hell, she might even have had the knock on the door from Security Bureau agents already. His mother, too. He wished he could get in touch with her, warn her, tell her to get out somehow. But it could only serve to further incriminate her. A comm link record of a call from an unknown number in Republic space – if she were already under suspicion, this would damn her even further. He wanted to talk to Ren about it. Ren who already had so much on his plate. Ben Organa, the little lost prince, was going home under the protective wing of Lord Vader himself. What did that great family care about some trifling viscountess of some paltry few thousand square kilometres? No. Ren would care. He cared about things now – he always had, yet… no. There was nothing to do because there was nothing to do. He feared for Ellis, and little Maron and Hebetine, because he knew full well what standard procedure was in such cases. By hell, he had implemented the same himself, and been relieved and grateful when the target in question had been eliminated. This sort of thing didn’t happen to Callands, or Huxes, or loyal officers. Except it very clearly did. He threw another stone into the water, out of frustration rather than the desire to hear the splash (underwhelming) or watch the ripples (taunting him with symbolism; oh how they spread from an initial point of impact, oh how meaningful). A group of ducks scattered, regrouped and moved off towards a group of tourists, a family who were more likely to throw crumbs than stones. Did they have anything to worry about, he wondered. Any family members who might have suddenly dropped them in it? Unlikely. Ellis was wily and observant. She’d notice an unfamiliar speeder, or unusual behaviour from an underling. That might prove to be her salvation. It might not get as far as the knock on the door. And still, nothing to be done. He hadn’t had time to warn her. If he hadn’t taken the reckless chance to run, he would be suffering the worst the Order had to offer, and she’d barely be any safer. The black mark against his name would have transferred its bitter ink to hers, in any case. There was a man a little further around the perimeter of the lake who might, might have been following him. He seemed to be glancing Hux’s way a little too often for comfort. Hux was glad to have his hair brushed forward onto his face but surely a new hairstyle and civilian clothes would not and could not be enough. When Ren came back, they might have to do something about him. If the man left, he might need to follow him. Or if he left, the man might follow him. While he weighed up options, he heard voices he recognised. Over at the boat hire station, the two women from the omelette cafe were getting into a row boat. The larger and stouter of the two was deriving a great deal of humour from the situation. He hated them. He hated their comfortable late middle age, he hated their obvious comfortable happiness, he didn’t like the fact that one was only Near Human although you could barely tell, and he hated that he couldn’t tell if they were spies either. They could be terrorists or they could be working for the First Order. This planet, quite probably crawling with spies. This nightmare honeymoon that Ren had dragged him on. Not that he would complain about the romance and the declarations of love, or the comfort they felt with each other, but right now, none of it precisely helped. He might have the opportunity to be killed or captured while his heart was decorated with a warm blissful glow, rather than with the more customary steely note of will and discipline. He ought to go. Then at least he could find out if that man was going to follow him or not. “As good a place as any for you to try to disappear,” Ren had said. And look how much that was to be trusted. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Asking Too Much series