Coffee, Tea and Me Hux hadn’t meant to click on the email but had somehow managed to open it instead of deleting it. Normally delete and block would be immediate with an account name like that but instead of the expected image of a tanned and mostly-unclad female the user picture that cropped up showed what Hux first saw as an abstract image. On closer examination, it proved to be a headshot at an oblique angle, predominantly featuring a tousle of of dark hair. Maybe not a porn spambot, then, despite the name. His follower count was in the double digits, but then his blog was pretty much a niche market. Not too many people were interested in his opinions on the fonts businesses chose for their signage and advertising. He also hardly followed any accounts and he never reblogged anything. The only posts of his that got any likes were the random pictures he posted of his cat. One of Millicent’s pictures had been reblogged by a cat blog once and it had broken five hundred notes. Highlight of his tumblr career. Sad, really. Intrigued now, he clicked on the link and opened up vaderslut’s page. It was mostly blocks of text interspersed with random, overly-filtered pictures of landmarks from strange angles. Tilting his phone to the side, he realized he could place where most of the images had been taken. Local, then. Scrolling back up, he scanned over some of the text posts and found they were all variations of the same theme. “Really, I’m a nice guy. Chill. I just like to smoke weed and give blowjobs. Same ID on kik.” And then a location would be given, and a phone number. They were all local streets. So it was a porn blog in disguise after all. Disappointing. He hit the little person icon at the top of the screen and his thumb hovered over the “block” command, and then he hesitated. Not knowing why, he hit "follow" instead. There was something about those pictures. He’d give the guy a week, he decided. If he got any lewd messages he’d report and block him, but otherwise live and let live. A week passed, and then another. He forgot about his strange follower completely, as he rarely checked his dash, but one afternoon he noticed a huge spike in his activity. When he pulled up his activity page he found the mysterious vaderslut51283 had gone through all 101 pages of his blog and liked every single picture he’d ever posted of Millicent. He hadn’t left any comments or sent Hux any messages so after some thought he decided the man must have gotten high and gone on a cat bender. He enjoyed looking at the spike on his activity graph for the next week until it meandered off the page. Another week passed and he allowed himself to be talked into a blind date after weeks of nagging. He insisted on keeping it simple, just a meetup for drinks after work, and it ended with his drink in the jerk’s face and an angry text to the friend who’d set them up. His two-year dry spell still unbroken, he threw himself into the sofa as soon as he got back to his condo. Gods, he needed to get laid, but his standards were just too damned high. More alcohol. That’s what he needed, especially since three quarters of his second drink had baptized tonight’s mistake. Settling back with three fingers of whiskey he popped open his laptop. After posting a tipsy rant about a flyer he’d found stapled to a telephone pole ( PAPYRUS?!? REALLY?!? ), he did a few tag searches, then scrolled through his dash for a bit. One particular image made him stop scrolling. It was his strange follower, the full-sized image of his user pic. Broad shoulders filled out a black motorcycle jacket and a blindingly white t-shirt hinted at impressive pecs. At such a weird angle it was hard to make out features, but if this wasn’t just some random stock photo this guy looked pretty good. Hux had a sudden vision of burying his hands in that hair as hot wet heat enveloped his cock and before he knew it he’d clicked on the message icon. star-emperor : are you for real? Crap. He couldn’t take that back. The response was instantaneous. vaderslut51283 : what do u mean? He thought about pretending he’d never sent the message and maybe deleting his account, but his cursor had come to rest just under the outline of the man’s nipple on his laptop screen and his fingers slipped again. star-emperor : About the blowjobs? After 20 minutes of waiting for a response he checked vaderslut’s page for any recent activity but the last post was from six hours ago. All talk and no action, it seemed. Sighing, he gave up and shut his laptop down for the evening. For the best, really, because what had he been thinking? His judgement had clearly been impaired. No more whiskey and tumblr, he scolded himself. He still checked tumblr first thing the next morning, but he had no new messages and vaderslut51283 still hadn’t made any new posts. Hux shrugged, allowing himself one wistful moment, thinking about hair and lips and something besides his hands touching his dick for once, then got on with his morning routine. The next day his phone went off right in the middle of a meeting, a weird little “bloop” noise that he’d never heard before. It was soft enough that no one heard it but Mitaka in the seat next to him, but he still flushed as he dug it out. It made the sound again before he could mute the volume and this time the whole table heard it. Mouthing an apology, he powered his phone off. After the meeting let out he checked, but couldn’t figure out what had caused that sound, and forgot about it in the flurry of emails that hit shortly afterwards. It wasn’t until that evening as tucked himself into the sofa with a glass of wine and his laptop that he saw the message notification at the top of his tumblr page. vaderslut51283 : sorry had to get new phone vaderslut51283 : dropped my old one and it fell down a sewer grate vaderslut51283 : I am real, like totally serious vaderslut51283 : are you there? vaderslut51283 : ur cat is really cute Hux checked and found the man had posted a new picture, a black and white shot of street corner and a metal grating with the caption “road ate my phone. bastard!” It took half the bottle before he got up the nerve to respond. star-emperor : Sorry to hear that. The response was immediate again. Vaderslut51283 : u still interested? He typed and erased his one-word response six times before hitting the send arrow star-emperor : yes vaderslut51283 : where and when? Most of the meetup locations he’d posted had been for addresses around Belltown and Pioneer Square. Hux worked out in Ballard but he had a meeting downtown later that week. He did a quick locator search. star-emperor : Starbucks at 2nd and Madison, 3pm Friday? star-emperor : No promises. I want to get a look at you first before I decide. vaderslut51283 : sure, sure, no prob star-emperor : Condoms are a must. vadeslut51283 : :( star-emperor : Condoms or I don’t show. vaderslut51283 : flavord? So that’s how, two days later, Hux found himself sitting at a table in the corner of a downtown Starbucks, nursing an iced black tea while trying not to stare at every person who came through the door, a pair of strawberry-flavored condoms burning a metaphorical hole in his pocket. Reciprocity hadn’t been mentioned, but it’d only be polite to offer. He happened to be looking away when his hookup entered, but caught sight of him in the window, turned reflective by the UPS truck parked at the curb. Getting in line, the man pulled out his phone. While he was looking down at it Hux gave him a once-over. Vintage Levi’s clung to his hips and thighs like they’d been painted on. Motorcycle boots added unnecessary inches, putting him head and shoulders over the people in line around him. He was wearing the same leather jacket he’d had on for that tumblr picture and it emphasized his broad shoulders and narrow waist. His hair was pulled back from his face in braids at the top and fell in waves almost down to his shoulders in the back. He almost got caught staring at the lushest pair of lips he’d ever beheld, looking away just in time when the stranger turned in his direction. Hux’s phone buzzed and he looked down, waiting a few seconds to answer it so he wouldn’t be obvious. He’d set it to vibrate so the sound wouldn’t give him away if he decided not to go through with whatever this was, and he’d chosen a Starbucks for their meetup because he knew everyone in café would be on some kind of device so he could check his messages without being obvious. vaderslut51283 : r u here? vaderslut51283 : plz tell me you’re the superhot redhead by the window He tried to be nonchalant about it as he looked up, but tumblr guy was staring straight at him. He dropped his eyes down to his phone again, but it was too late. His flush had given him away. vaderslut51283 : you match ur cat, it’s cute He looked up again, and the man was still staring at him, biting his lip, naked lust in his eyes. Did he have no control over his expressions? They’d never pull this off if he couldn’t school himself. The woman behind him had to poke him in the ribs to get him to move forward when the line moved. He made no move to approach Hux, looming over the counter after placing his order, forcing the other patrons to move around him to get their drinks. He’d ordered a single shot espresso, Hux saw when he finally claimed a cup. Plopping down into one of the armchairs on the other side of the seating area, he pulled out his phone again. vaderslut51283 : you still want a bj? It took Hux several seconds to make sense of the abbreviation, and when he did he felt the blood rush to his cheeks. He nodded, though. vaderslut51283 : i’m gonna take such good care of you When he looked up again, his hookup had his bottom lip caught between his teeth again. He’d sprawled in the chair, legs spread, stretching on for days. Hux tried in vain to moisten his suddenly dry mouth with a gulp of tea. star-emperor : How do you want to do this? vaderslut51283 : go to the bathroom i’ll follow in a min Hux said a silent prayer of thanks that he’d packed his messenger bag that morning instead of a backpack because it covered his raging erection as he threaded his way between the tables. He could feel eyes following him the whole way. Both restrooms were unisex, and wonder of wonders neither was currently occupied. He picked the second one, putting as much distance between himself and the other patrons as possible. star-emperor : I’m in the furthest one. He barely had time to hang his bag on the hook before there was a knock on the door. Taking a deep breath, he opened it. His hookup slid in, locking the door behind him, then surged forward, backing him up against the wall. Before he could say anything the man dropped to his knees in front of him. “Oh, man. You’re really into this.” Any retort Hux might have made was lost in a whimper when the man leaned forward, rubbing his cheek against Hux’s crotch. “I wish we didn’t have to be quiet. I’d love to make you scream.” He wasted no time, undoing Hux’s belt and tugging at his zipper. Hux fumbled out one of the condoms before his pants dropped. “Strawberry? Nice!” He took the condom from Hux’s hand with his teeth, staring up at him with a gleam in his eyes as he pulled Hux’s boxer briefs down. Tearing the foil open, he worked the rubber free of the packaging. Hux hadn’t realized the flavored ones came in such ludicrous colors, and most assuredly had not expected the bright red that was revealed. His cock would look like a giant popsicle. All thoughts of colors and sweets were driven out of his head and he moaned at the touch of skin on skin, the drag of a thumb over his tip. “Been awhile, huh?” Hux nodded, not trusting his voice. The man knew what he was doing, slicking him with his own precum with deliberate pumps of his fist before he rolled the condom over down his length. Even through the protective barrier the heat mouth almost overwhelmed Hux as this glorious stranger took him into his mouth with a contented hum. “You’ve had some practice at this,” Hux managed to get out, and moaned again as the man sucked, cheeks hollowing as he drew off and pulled him back in again. He didn’t let his hands sit idle and Hux stuffed his fist in his mouth as fingers teased at his balls, massaging them in time with the bobbing of his head. Another moan escaped him despite his efforts as one of those fingers kept exploring, brushing around and over his rim. His nameless hookup made a questioning noise around his cock, forcing a whimper out around his fist, but he nodded in encouragement. When the man wrapped his hand around Hux’s cock, working his own fingers into his mouth, sucking and licking them at without breaking stride, Hux almost lost it right there, and he nearly drew blood, biting down onto his hand as a spit-slicked finger pressed into him. At the same time, he swallowed Hux down until his nose hit skin, and as his throat constricted around him and his finger hit just the right spot Hux came with a strangled shout. Sagging against the wall, Hux watched as his stranger leaned back on his heels, unzipped his pants and brought himself to his own climax in a few short strokes. He must masturbate a lot , Hux thought, as very little spilled out. Handy, though. No mess to clean up off the bathroom floor. How often did he do this? Thank goodness he’d insisted on a condom. As the man washed his hands he rolled the condom off, wadding it and the wrapper up in a bit of paper towel before discarding it in the trash. He moved over so Hux could check his reflection in the mirror. Grimacing, Hux squared his shoulders. He looked just like you’d expect a man who’d gotten sucked off in a public bathroom would look, face flushed, eyes glassy. Nothing for it but to keep his head down as he exited. Startled, he stiffened in shock when arms wrapped around him from behind and lips nuzzled at the back of his neck. Before he could respond, the other man said “We should get out of here. Someone’s going to notice soon.” He could only nod, and he grabbed his bag from the hook and unlocked the door. As they exited the restroom they almost ran into a young woman with children hanging on to either hand. Hux felt himself skewered by her accusing stare, and then his mystery hookup put a hand at the base of his back and said in saccharine tones, “I told you that food truck was a bad idea. Maybe next time you’ll listen to me.” And with that her glare softened and they were treated to a murmur of sympathetic noises. They made their way out to the street and Hux cast about for something to say, but the other man beat him to it. “That was great. We should do it again sometime.” Hux found himself blinking at his retreating back and he turned the corner before he could come up with anything to say. But what was there to say, really? Thanks for the lewd act in public. If we run into each other again, pretend you don’t know me? Settling his bag more comfortably across his shoulder, Hux turned and started walking in the other direction. Chapter 2 : Not a Movie Date Summary: Once wasn't enough. Hux wants a second round. But where and when? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A quickie in a public bathroom a week ago hadn’t done him any favors, Hux decided, after he woke up with morning wood for the seventh straight day. None at all, he swore as he rubbed one out in the shower. The cold tile pressing into his back reminded him of that Starbucks bathroom, and when he closed his eyes he could see dark lashes fluttering against pale skin and lips glistening with spit wrapped around his cock. His tumblr hookup hadn’t seemed interested in anything but a one-off, though, despite his parting comment. There hadn’t been any exchange of names, not a “see you later,” and not a single message since. The man hadn’t even liked any of his recent Millicent pictures. True, there hadn’t been any more of his text posts in the last week but he didn’t post much, maybe once every two to three days, and his hookup posts seemed to run three to four weeks apart. Not that Hux had checked, of course. Or taken his phone number from one of the text posts and entered it into his contacts list under the name Brandon Joe, because he’d die of embarrassment if someone scrolled through and saw an entry for “bj guy.” Just because he hadn’t contacted Hux didn’t mean he wasn’t getting any, though. He could have a whole virtual black book full of tumblr-name-only partners. He could be on his knees right now somewhere in the city, staring up at someone else with those dark eyes as he deep-throated them, eyelashes fluttering as his throat constricted around the cock in his mouth. Maybe this other person hadn’t insisted on a condom and they could feel the wet heat of his tongue circling the tip of their cock, the caress of his lips as he took them in and drew off again. Maybe right now, in this instant, someone else was spilling into his mouth as they bit their lip trying not to cry out, watching their own cum glisten on his lips as it spilled over, trickling down his chin. Not at work, dammit. He had a meeting in fifteen minutes. In desperation he pulled up a video from the last GOP debate. Best boner killer ever. Not so good for his blood pressure, though. That night bj guy posted a new picture, a weird angle of the Hammering Man outside the art museum. He must have been lying on the sidewalk to get that shot, Hux mused as he absently hit “like.” He choked on his wine when the message alert went off seconds later. vaderslut51283 : hey While he was debating whether to respond or not, his tumblr blooped again. vaderslut51283 : i can’t vaderslut51283 : dammit, meant to ask if you’re up for another go? Had that first cutoff message been I can’t stop thinking about you? , Hux wondered as he typed his reply. star-emperor : Sure. After he sent it, he started to worry. Did that sound too casual? Too dismissive? He needn’t have worried, he realized, as the next messages arrived. vaderslut51283 : great! i’m pretty flexible. And didn’t that create some interesting mental images? He’d been meaning to take a day off. Pulling up his calendar, he typed back. star-emperor : Tuesday? vaderslut51283 : that works. where/when? star-emperor : How about a movie? vaderslut51283 : hot Shifting on the sofa, Hux gave in and starting palming himself through his pants as he pulled up the movie schedule. Something mindless, with lots of explosions. star-emperor : Cinerama, 1:30 show, Tuesday? vaderslut51283 : perf. star-emperor : We should wait until that morning to buy tickets to make sure we get an empty row. He got a gif in response, some ridiculous thing of a woman in a horse mask clapping and giving a thumbs-up. Tuesday, then. It was already Thursday. Not that long to wait, right? Groaning, he unzipped his pants. When Tuesday morning finally rolled around the seating chart had filled in a bit, but no one had purchased any seats in the back row on the right. He messaged off the row number and seat and got a winking emoji back. When he refreshed a few minutes later he saw the seat next to him had been purchased. He decided to walk to the theater, a bit of a stretch from his condo on the Hill but the blustery spring weather helped settle his nerves, and the bite of the wind gave him a good excuse for the color in his cheeks. Double-checking after the first mile, he breathed a sigh of relief when he determined that yes, he had put the condoms in his inside coat pocket. No tall dark leather-clad hotties skulked about the lobby when he arrived. Indulging in a bag of chocolate popcorn at concessions, he waffled about whether to wait there or go find his seat. This wasn’t a date, he reminded himself. There wasn’t going to be any hand-holding or snuggling. Who knows if he’d even stay through the entire movie once they’d, well, done their thing. Just before the previews started rolling his not-date plopped into the seat next to him and the blood immediately abandoned his brain for a lower portion of his anatomy. “Is that the chocolate stuff?” Instead of offering the bag, Hux held out a kernel. “So that’s how it’s going to be?” Hux couldn’t see his expression in the dim lighting, but he sounded amused and when he leaned forward to take it from Hux he sucked his fingertips into his mouth along with the popcorn. That tongue! He couldn’t help himself. He dug out another piece. By the time the previews ended his pants had grown uncomfortably tight, and then it got worse. This time those luscious lips plucked the last kernel from his grasp and held it there, tantalizing. Hardly breathing, he tilted his own head, drawn in. Hux barely noticed the salty/sweet taste of the popcorn as their lips met. A brief flick of tongue pushed the popcorn into his mouth and withdrew all too soon. He chased after it, but with a shake of his hand the other man sat back. Any protest he might have made got lost as he bit back a groan at the caress along the inside of his thigh. “No need to rush. We’ve got two hours.” The words were as light as the touches of his fingers. “Fuck,” Hux muttered, and got a chuckle in return. As the opening credits started rolling and the wandering fingers continued to torment him, Hux decided two could play this game. No point in playing coy, doing the stretch or any such other motion to excuse putting an arm around the man sitting next to him. At the first tug on his hair Hux heard the intake of breath as he froze for a brief moment. Relaxing his hold, Hux ran his fingers along his hairline, lightly scraping with his fingernails before he buried his hand in that silky mane again and pulled. Luckily for them both, the resultant moan coincided with a loud bit of music. Loosening his hold, he continued to toy with soft strands, twining them around his fingers and giving an occasional tug. He could hear the occasional soft sigh so it seemed his efforts were appreciated, and at the scrape of fingernails along his scalp the man leaned into him, practically purring. His hair smelled even better than it felt, like a forest just as it started to rain, with a hint of something floral. Hux was nuzzling into it before he realized what he was doing, and since he was there already he took advantage, sucking at the earlobe his efforts had uncovered. Being kissed within an inch of his life wasn’t quite the reaction he’d been going for, but he decided he could live with it as tall, broad, and handsome proved he could multi-task, nipping and licking his way into Hux’s mouth, leaving him a gasping wreck as his hand freed Hux from his pants. “I thought you said no need to rush,” he managed to gasp out, almost forgetting to keep his voice down. “You changed my mind. How many condoms did you bring?” “Two,” he forced out between teeth clenched at the drag of skin on skin. “I’ve got three.” “You think we’ll need that many?” “Well, I can dream, can’t I?” Glancing around to make sure nobody was watching, he slid out of his seat, nudging Hux’s leg aside as he settled between his knees. Hux fumbled around in his jacket, locating the inside pocket by feel and pulling out a condom. He nearly dropped it twice as he tried to tear it open, distraction and arousal warring with his coordination as fingers insinuated themselves further into his pants, teasing at his balls while the other hand squeezed and twisted his cock. He’d worn his baggiest pair of jeans, forgoing vanity for convenience, and it had been the right choice. Finally he got the condom free, muttering another string of curses when he tried to put it on inside out at first. "Not glow in the dark?" he murmured. "Do you want to get caught?" Hux hissed in response. "Anyways, don't they have to, like, sit under a light for a few minutes?" His partner in crime didn’t respond, instead mouthing at the tip of his cock before he’d managed to roll the rubber all the way down. “Who’s impatient now?” he muttered. He felt rather than heard the chuckle in response, vibrating up and down his length. Thank goodness for blockbusters that opened with multiple onscreen explosions, keeping the other movie viewers’ eyes glued to the screen and either covering up or excusing the noises he couldn’t help but make. Once he actually got his mouth on Hux he slowed down, working his tongue around the tip, dragging it along Hux’s length, letting it flick at the exposed skin at the base of the condom. He’d managed to pull Hux’s pants half off his hips and insinuated his hand far enough inside to cup his balls, massaging them as he sucked and licked and did his utmost to reduce Hux to a quivering moaning mess. In public. In a movie theater. And it had been his idea. And it was so fucking hot, keeping himself still, frozen in place, seeing the other viewers fixated on the screen in front of them, oblivious to the fact that here in the back corner of the theater he was getting the blowjob of his life. With the change in angle this time, seated instead of standing, he couldn’t watch as those amazing lips worked their magic but as a tradeoff he got to bury both hands in that luxurious mane of hair. Tugging on it generated breathy little moans and growls that merged with the fight scene as they pulsed through him, and the noises that emerged from around his cock at the feeling of fingernails raking across his skull encouraged Hux to pull harder. His morning masturbation sessions had left him with less of a hair trigger but he still came close to losing it as he felt himself sucked all the way in, throat muscles clenching around his length. Not so fast , he thought to himself, gritting his teeth. Not this time . There was the barest scrape of teeth as he drew back, then another swirl around his tip, working into the slit and under the ridge, and inch by inch he felt himself taken in again, delicious suction all around him, so hot, and his resolve wasn’t good enough. A fireball exploded onscreen as he came, in a coincidental timing he would have laughed at if he wasn’t working so hard to keep quiet. As the man of his wet dreams settled back into the seat next to him he pulled the condom off, knotting it and dropping it into the empty popcorn bag on the floor next to his feet. Blood still pounding in his ears, Hux felt more than saw him palm himself through his jeans. Reaching over, he covered his hand with his own. “I want to return the favor. Just … give me a minute. Or three.” Taking stock, he leaned back, still breathing heavily. “Or ten.” “Take your time. No explosions for a while now." “You’ve seen this one before, then?” “A few times, yes.” “How long do we have to wait?” “Twenty, thirty minutes.” Action blockbusters weren’t normally his thing, but he made a promise to himself to catch another viewing and actually watch the film, an apology of sorts. It might still not make all that much sense to him even if he paid attention from the beginning, as he hadn’t seen any of the rest of the series, but he felt like he owed the filmmakers something now. He’d have better luck figuring things out if he didn’t have such a distracting presence sitting next to him. The arms between seats folded up, he remembered, probably for cleaning and most certainly not to make it more convenient to canoodle during screenings, but why not take advantage? His seatmate’s sudden intake of breath at the touch of Hux’s fingers sounded out over the dialogue as Hux traced the outline of his cock where it strained against his jeans. "I won't make it until the next noisy part if you keep that up." A perverse part of Hux wanted to take that as a challenge, but he made himself stop, pulling his hand back and squeezing the thigh next to his. When an arm wrapped around his shoulder he let himself tuck in, surprised at both the gesture and how much he enjoyed the contact. It also had the benefit of putting him in kissing distance again and he took advantage, sneaking tastes of skin from time to time when his mind wandered away from the plot unfolding on the screen. He could feel his seatmate respond to each of his touches, thigh twitching and trembling beneath his fingers, especially at the scrape of teeth against the column of his neck, but with the increasingly ragged breathing he'd caused, he decided he needed to tone it down again. Giving his thigh another squeeze, he settled in to wait. At least this time he could be prepared, and he dug out the second condom, slipping it into his front pocket so he wouldn't have to scramble for it when his turn came. When things seemed to be ramping up again, he shifted, reaching for the zipper, but a hand on his stayed him. "False alarm." "Dammit." The waiting was getting to him. It was too easy to picture crawling into his lap and rutting against him. He wanted to suck bruises on his neck from his jaw to his collarbone, latch onto his nipples until he screamed for mercy. A hiss of breath and another squeeze on his hand and Hux realized he'd been running his fingers up and down the inner seam of the other's jeans. "How much longer now?" "Five, maybe ten minutes." He leaned in, knowing his breath would tickle as he spoke. "Too dammed long." Finally action exploded across the screen and Hux was on the floor moments after the first fist connected. He almost forgot about the condom in his haste, and wouldn't that have been ironic considering he'd been the one to insist on them? In college he'd discovered he couldn't overcome his gag reflex, no matter how hard he tried, so while he'd never mastered deep throating he'd spent a considerable amount of time working on other techniques to compensate. Concentrating on the tip with his lips and tongue, he let his hands work their magic, working around the base of the shaft, stroking and twisting, timing it with the swirls of his tongue. Hux made himself slow down, wanting to savor this as much as possible, given their location. Hands in his hair encouraged him, tightening just to the point of pain, a counterpoint to the little gasps and trembling breaths that he could just barely hear. Bringing one hand up to meet his lips as he took as much into his mouth as he could handle, Hux slid the other hand up under his shirt, palm flat against skin. It took him by surprise, the almost full body spasm beneath him when his questing fingers found a nipple. If he hadn't had a firm grasp on the cock in his hand the upward surge of hips would have set him off, choking, and probably would have given them away. One more flick, the barest of touches, and the hands in his hair tightened, fingers digging into his skull. Hollowing his cheeks, Hux sucked, pulling off until his lips met the ridge, tongue teasing at the frenulum while he continued to skim back and forth, toying with that deliciously sensitive nipple. "I'm gonna ...." The whispered syllables cut off as Hux sank down on him, giving one last twist with his fingers. He hadn't timed it as perfectly. No explosions this time, but the grunts and slaps of flesh on flesh from the combat scene that didn't want to seem to end still provided a screen for their illicit activities. They'd just gotten themselves put back together again when a theater employee came in, red baton swinging as he made his way past their seats. "Think we're made?" "Just a routine walk-through, I think?" He hoped, Hux thought. After making a circuit, the employee left and they both relaxed. Just as he was starting to wonder at the possibility of a second round, Hux's phone vibrated in his back pocket. A few minutes passed and then it vibrated again. It went off for a third time almost immediately and he cursed under his breath. Pulling it out, he shielded the glow from the screen with his hand as he checked his messages. "Shit." "Something wrong?" "It's work. They wouldn't be calling me unless something broke. I've got to call them back." A quick check-in out on the landing and he determined he'd have to home and log in to track the issue that kept cropping up. With regret he made his way back into the theater. "My apologies. I've got to go." "No problem. I'm going to wait until the lights come up to make sure we got everything." That was a nice thought. No staff anywhere got paid enough to pick up condom wrappers from the floor. "Alright then. Message you soon?" "I'm heading out of town tonight for a few weeks. But as soon as I get back, I will." "You better!" Hux started to get up and he grabbed his hand. "Wait. Before you go. What's your name?" "Tage." "Tage. I'm Kylo." Both for speed and a lingering shakiness in his legs, Hux took the bus back home. On the way he edited his contacts. Goodbye Brandon Joe. "Kylo." Notes: Apologies to the Cinerama for writing this - it is my absolute favorite theater and they don't deserve what I just had Hux and Ren do there. Working on my imaginary IRL modern headcanon, this took place in May of 2016 and the movie they took shameless advantage of was Captain America: Civil War. Notes: Writing m|m is bad enough normally but when one of the characters doesn't know the other's name it gets pretty hairy. I hope everything's clear. Thanks to Rebelwerewolf for suggesting a theme for Hux's tumblr. Here's *their* Starbucks . Feel free to come say hi on tumblr !