That 100 Season 2 Monty POV Summary: So I actually had planned to do one of these for every episode of S2 of The 100, going through the whole season from Monty's POV. It was partly because it seemed like an interesting experiment and partly because I have an excessive amount of Monty feels and he didn't get close to as much screen time as I would've liked. But I started it at the tailend of the hiatus and S3 sort of kicked me around and I liked their Monty backstory a lot less than mine and now this is just a little snippet of a thing that will never be finished. or, Season 2 Monty Feels Style. part i: The 48 “Mijo, why do you do these things?” Papa tuts and shakes his head, tucking dark hair behind his ears, squinting in the dim light of their cabin. It’s after-hours and workers’ quarters on Agro have strict power rationing. What that really means is the residents of farm station are part of the swift black market trade in portable lights and energy sources. Papa adjusts the direction of the desk lamp to get a better view of Monty’s hand. He frowns at the finger Monty fractured in a mad scramble to escape the guards through a miniscule access corridor. “Mijo, you’re a very smart boy.” Monty would like to note this was a successful escape from the guards, thank you very much. “Use that big brain of yours for something besides trouble every once in awhile.” Papa forestalled any reply Monty might have had with a gentle tap of his dirt-smudged index finger to Monty’s forehead. “Julien, you know it’s the Jackson kid.” Father’s nimble fingers and dull needle make swift work of Monty’s ripped jacket. The jacket was the only casualty of the whole misadventure--discounting the finger--the unfortunate result of a run-in with a loose grate at breakneck speed. “Bad influence. And he needs a haircut.” Papa adjusts the makeshift splint he'd fashioned from some mesh webbing and broken plant supports, biting back on a crooked smile. “Well, Eoin, I seem to recall someone’s mother saying the same thing about me.” Papa presses a small, chipped cup of his soothing tea blend into Monty’s good hand. “Including the hair. And I’m biased, but I think you turned out alright.” “You weren’t getting chemically creative in your free time,” Father grumbles, tying off the faded vermillion thread he uses for all his patchwork. “How’s the hand, son?” “Fine,” Monty lies, sipping at his tea while his fingers throb. “Don’t be mad at Jasper. Really, it was mostly my idea to sneak into--” “Not another word.” Papa cuts him off, cupping Monty’s chubby, little boy cheeks between warm, calloused palms. “We’re both terrible liars, Montgomery Green. Your father’s the only one of the three of us with a knack for it. One day we’ll learn to keep our traps shut.” Father snorts. “Not likely.” His mouth stays fixed in a straight line, but his green eyes crinkle at the edges. “Shush, you.” Papa laughs and rubs a hand over Monty’s hair, still buzzed short after he’d singed half of it during one of Jasper’s experiments with pilfered hydrazine. “Just you wait and see, me and our boy will--” Monty wakes and he’s greeted with bright white walls and the monotonous whirr of medical machinery. He wipes futilely at the tears streaming down his face and rolls over, tugging the blankets over his head. It’s one of the things he misses most, locked away in Mount Weather in this sterile cell masquerading as a place of healing. His papa’s hands. He misses Julien’s soothing hands after foolish, childhood pranks. Monty misses all of his parents, tries to find comfort in the things they passed on to him. He has Julien’s gentle hands, green thumb, and terrible poker face. He got high cheekbones and a knack for circuitry from Eun-ji, his birth mother. He got Eoin’s slow temper and quick wit. It’s cold comfort deep beneath the mountain. -- In the years before (before he and Jasper got cocky and got dumb and got caught, before lockup, before falling to Earth on a suicide mission), Papa despaired of Monty’s mistrust of strangers. We’re all children of the Ark, mijo , he’d say. We all work together or we cannot return to the good earth. Living planetside was Papa's dearest wish. When Monty learned where the 100 were headed, his first thought was of Julien. Papa, with soil permanently embedded beneath his fingernails, the scent of herbs and fertilizer clinging to every article of clothing he owned. Papa, coaxing delicate growth out of the frailest specimens on Agro. Papa, always dreaming of the sunlight on his face, bringing fresh sustenance for his plants. New life, new growth, every day. There’s no sunlight in Mount Weather and no plants to be seen, even after Monty is free of the terrible, frigid blankness of quarantine. “Of course there’s no sun. We’re in a bunker.” Jasper rolls his eyes, soaking another roll in the bland stew the mountain men are serving for lunch. Monty can’t think of them as anything other than what Octavia had called them. Lincoln had spoken of Mount Weather, had warned her. Mountain Men. Octavia said Lincoln’s people talked about them like they were monsters, modern-day bogeymen. Wash behind your ears, kids, or the Mountain Men will come in the night and steal you away. “It wouldn’t make a lot of sense to put in windows.” “Yeah, thanks, Jasper. I know that.” Monty shreds bits of his roll into the stew and stirs the whole mess together. "But no herbs? No plants in public areas? They can have all these fancy paintings, but God forbid I get a glimpse of something green?" Jasper just rolls his eyes, again. He devours another roll and asks a woman a few chairs down to pass the stew, yes, it’s delicious, thank you, he’s dying for seconds of all this wonderful food. Monty stares morosely at his bowl and longs for a sprig of rosemary or some minced garlic, maybe even some parsley. They grew amazing herbs on the Ark. Even at their dropship camp he had done his best to flavor their meager meals. It’s easier to get by on less if what you’re eating is moderately palatable. It was one of the tricks his parents used to get him to eat parts of their rations without him noticing. The mountain men grow their food hydroponically, he knows, both because of his information packet and because he heard a couple of maintenance workers talking about an issue with the water filtration system at breakfast. From what Monty can tell, the mountain ran out of herbs--lack of planning or maybe some kind of blight, he has no way of knowing--and doesn’t want to risk the tainted, radiation-soaked wildlife for the sake of flavor. The only palatable dishes have been so sweet they turn Monty’s weakened stomach. He fakes enthusiasm for the desserts, for Jasper, because at least one of them should be happy. And anyway, maybe he’ll build up a tolerance. If they stay that long. If they live that long. Monty doesn’t trust these people, with their sun starved faces and their too hungry eyes. Growing up on the Ark Monty got used to hungry eyes, but not like this. It’s the wrong kind of hunger when they stare at the 48. It’s cold and almost predatory, like they-- There’s a sudden commotion at the door and somebody’s shouting about a containment breach in a shrill, piercing tone that grates Monty all the way to his nerve endings, raw and splitting. He spies a familiar head of blonde hair and gets hit with a sense of relief so acute he’s almost dizzy with it. -- Thirty hours, four mediocre meals, two info sessions, and one Griffin jailbreak attempt later, things are mostly calm in the dormitory. Monty lies in his bunk, listening to the creak and grind of rusting metal as Nathan Miller shifts restlessly overhead. There’s a pause in the motion, a whistling sigh, and then rustling as Miller slides down and lands on the concrete below. His bare toes curl against the cool surface of the floor, just visible beneath the overlong hems of his pajama pants. Miller’s long fingers trail along the edge of Monty’s blanket for a moment and stop just short of touching Monty’s arm. Monty folds the blanket back and scoots to the far side of the bed, making room for Miller to lie down. “I always had the bottom bunk in lockup.” Miller hesitates, voice low, a steady rumble in the relative quiet of the dormitory. There are a few people with lamps on, reading or playing cards, talking softly, but most of the 48 are sleeping. Clarke is positioned in the lower bunk closest to the door, body stiff and somehow small-looking beneath her blanket. Jasper’s snoring away on the bottom bunk to Monty’s left. Harper drools contentedly into her lumpy pillow on the bunk above Jasper. “It felt...weird.” “I can trade if you want,” Monty offers. He turns on his side and meets Miller’s soft brown eyes with a smile. “But I don’t mind sharing. It’s kind of cold in here.” The corner of Miller’s mouth twitches just a bit in the way Monty has only recently learned is a smile and then he’s nodding. Miller climbs in, carefully arranging the blanket behind him and tugging Monty’s side up so they’re both covered up to their chins. They’re facing each other, pajama-clad legs tangled beneath the threadbare sheets, scant inches between their noses. For a few minutes they’re silent, just breathing each other’s air. Their eyes begin to droop from exhaustion, if not any true desire to sleep. “There’s something wrong with the people here,” Miller says, voice so soft Monty’s not sure if he was meant to hear. One of Miller’s hands comes up to grip Monty’s, and yeah. Monty was meant to hear. “N-n-not just. It’s their eyes. I d-don’t.” Miller’s teeth clench down, biting down to swallow up the stutter. His lips press into a thin, hard line. He breathes out through his nose, slow, like he’s counting down from ten, like he’s forcing the stumbling words down, like he’s reigning in his temper. “Yes.” Monty agrees, squeezing Miller’s hand with a quick press of his fingers. “Clarke will figure out what to do.” Miller’s fingers squeeze back, shaking a little. “Yeah.” “We just have to make nice with the locals until Mom comes up with a plan, that’s all.” Miller snorts. “Mom?” “Yeah, that’s what Jasper always called her behind her back.” Miller raises one eyebrow. “Even Jasper’s not dumb enough to call Clarke that to her face.” The corner of Miller’s mouth twitches, again. Monty tries not to take it as a personal victory, but something warm and welcome settles beneath his breastbone all the same. “Who was Dad?” Miller asks, seconds before his face freezes and his fingers spasm in Monty’s grip. “He and Finn could’ve gotten away,” Monty says. His eyes trace the still, strong contours of Miller’s face in the half-light. “Yeah.” Miller closes his eyes, tight. Monty remembers doing that with the guileless knowledge of childhood, sure that he could shut out the world if he could just keep from seeing it. “Right.” “Hey, no.” Monty tilts his face forward until their foreheads are pressed together. He’s struck for a moment with the absurd realization that Miller has the longest eyelashes he’s ever seen on a guy. They curl in a dark, fluttering sweep across Miller’s dusky skin when his eyes are closed like this. “I’m Mr. Realist over here. This is not positive thinking. This is Monty Green, Science Nerd, who ran the specs in his head dozens of times while we were stuck in that damned quarantine with nothing to do. Neither of them was injured, not seriously, anyway, and they’re both fast as hell. They could be completely fine. Or, well, as fine as they can be while they’re worrying about where we all disappeared to.” Miller’s brown eyes open, just a little, and he lets another shaky breath out through his nose. “Yeah.” He swallows. “They could be fine.” Monty’s free hand scrabbles beneath the covers for Miller’s free hand, heart rabbiting a frantic tattoo against his ribcage. He draws their hands up so all four are clasped between their chests. “We’re going to get through this, Nathan.” Miller’s eyes open the rest of the way and he stares at Monty for a long while. There’s a burst of muffled laughter from the back corner of the dormitory, followed by shushing and the sound of a few kids putting away their playing cards. Some of them get up and wander off to the bathrooms in a soothing patter of socked and bare feet. “I think we just might, Monty.” The look on Nathan’s face warms Monty all the way down to his toes. Monty thinks if he could bottle it he’d never need to build another still or sow any questionable crops ‘cause he’s near soaring and breathless. He hopes his hands aren’t getting sweaty because there’s no way Nathan will ever look at him like that again if he gets all gross and clammy. He doesn’t have a chance in hell of falling asleep, now, worrying about doing the wrong thing, his heart is going way too fast and-- Somehow, between one breath and the next, sleep slips placidly beneath the covers and carries both of them off. Chapter 2 : That North & South Modern American AU Summary: This was inspired by a prompt from my friend Libby (sorry, Libby, you already know, but this is never getting finished because I am The Worst). Margaret is the maid of honor at her cousin’s wedding in Charleston during the spring break of her junior year. She gets hit on by the best man (groom’s brother), a third year associate for a good southern law firm who’s looking for a pretty girl almost done with her MRS degree. Which come on , of course I wanted to at least give it a go, but I got sidetracked with worldbuilding and then IRL shit happened and now you get a snippet of a wedding when I really wanted to get to the Margaret and John falling in love part inspired by this quote from the Gaskell book: “He had tenderness in his heart — ‘a soft place,’ as Nicholas Higgins called it; but he had some pride in concealing it; he kept it very sacred and safe, and was jealous of every circumstance that tried to gain admission. But if he dreaded exposure of his tenderness, he was equally desirous that all men should recognize his justice; and he felt that he had been unjust, in giving so scornful a hearing to anyone who had waited, with humble patience, for five hours, to speak to him.” “That is a very pretty, very purple dress, Margaret Hale.” Margaret smiles into her champagne. The dress may be a lurid shade of purple, but it has a flattering, sweetheart neckline and the skirt falls in silky pleats to her knees. Plus, it perfectly skims her curves. Her cousin Edith made the bridal party’s outfits herself; she wouldn’t stand for anything less than a flawless fit on her big day. “Well, Henry Lennox,” Margaret says, tone serious but expression teasing, “as the best man and brother of the groom you should know that the wedding colors are all purples.” She places her empty champagne flute on the tray of a passing waiter and returns to watching Edith try not to cry while she whirls around the dance floor with her father. “It’s a good thing the wedding’s nearly finished. If Edith said one more word about the difficulty of finding the perfect shades of Tyrian purple and phlox I’d have to terminate our friendship.” Henry smiles down at her, pleasant lines appearing at the corners of his green eyes and she can finally see the resemblance between Edith’s new husband, George, and his older brother. “Can you stop being friends with a cousin?” he asks, lips still tilted in a grin. It’s a nice change from his usually dour expression. “It’s a little more complicated, of course. She lived with us for four years when she attended the college’s preparatory academy in Sumter, so there would be some lingering personal effects to dispose of.” Margaret finds herself pressed against Henry’s side for a moment as one of Edith’s former stepfathers squeezes past them and onto the dance floor. His date is young enough to pass for one of Edith’s friends. “I dare say there would be more paperwork than your bog standard dissolution of friendship, but worth it to escape bridal shop talk.” “As your family’s attorney, I’d be happy to assist with the paperwork.” Henry flags down one of the waiters carrying drinks. “I’m parched. Sweet tea?” “Yes, please.” Margaret accepts the beribboned mason jar--silk the same vivid phlox as her sash--with a sigh. She leans against one of the columns supporting the open-sided tent covering the reception area. Her first sip drags a satisfied hum from her throat, the damp chill of the glass pleasant on her flushed skin. The tea slides down sweet and refreshing in the suffocating Charleston heat. “It all just seems like a lot of fuss for a contract signing, if you ask me.” “I thought all good Southern girls dreamed of big weddings,” Henry muses, downing half of his tea in one long swallow. Margaret’s a bit in awe of how put-together he looks, standing in the hot night air in his three piece suit, not a hair out of place. There’s simply no justice in the world. It doesn’t even look like he’s sweating . “Isn’t it mandatory, like big hair and a rather frightening knack with firearms?” Margaret laughs and elbows Henry in the side. No doubt she’s hopelessly wrinkling the gray fabric of his bespoke suit, but he’s smiling like he hasn’t got a care in the world, so she figures he doesn’t mind. “I have perfectly normal-sized hair.” Margaret pulls her curls forward so they fall over one shoulder, humidity and the perspiration on her skin taking their toll on the once-smooth spirals. “And I am every inch the typical good Southern girl,” she adds, knowing she sounds snippy, but too hot and tired to care overmuch. Normal-sized hair hadn’t been achieved without a fight, of course. Edith wanted all the bridesmaids to ‘do whatever you want, as long as it’s cute,’ despite Aunt Shelby’s fervent protests. Margaret’s hair turned out well enough. The hairdresser had pronounced her mousy brown locks ‘in positively virgin condition, sugar’ before conceding she could skip the backcombing and Aquanet. Margaret’s loose curls were swept into the least fussy half-updo she could’ve hoped for. The bridal party had spent the entire, torturous morning at the day spa. Manicures, pedicures, hair, makeup. Margaret had downed enough mimosas to almost forget she should’ve been studying for finals week. “I can see that, yes.” Henry twirls one of her curls around a long finger before dropping it with a shy smile. “You’re not refuting the other charges, Miss Hale.” “Well, I grew up hunting in the backwoods like everyone else.” She shrugs. “I’m a crack shot, though I’m more fond of bowhunting. You’ve got me on the ‘frightening knack with firearms’ charge, but I’ve never dreamed about the big wedding.” Henry raises curious brows, his mason jar resting against his lower lip. He stares at her for a few moments, like he’s expecting her to keep talking. “No?” He takes another drink, those green eyes intently watching her. She feels a bit like he’s cross-examining her, which is fair, since he’s a workaholic and probably never mastered the art of small talk. A deficiency in his ‘good ol’ boy’ education, to be sure, but not inexcusable when he has such impeccable manners. Margaret smiles and shakes her head. “I think I’d like to get married eventually, but I always thought it was the marriage part that was important. I’d be perfectly content to put on my favorite dress and just walk from my house to the college chapel and be done with the whole thing.” She takes another sip of her tea. “Cake would be nice, I suppose. It’s hard to turn down wedding cake.” Henry’s laughter is loud enough to turn a few heads. One of them is Aunt Shelby, whose gaze goes calculating whenever Margaret stands near an unmarried man for more than thirty seconds. “Well, now you’ve alerted Mrs. Shaw to our location,” Margaret says in a hushed voice. She steals Henry’s mason jar and leaves both of their drinks on a nearby table. “Come on, we’ve got to get out of her line of sight or she’ll start asking me why I’m not engaged to a nice, young millionaire, yet.” “We can’t have that, now, can we?” Henry takes her hand and guides her onto the dance floor. “I was thinking more along the lines of hiding on the other side of the dance floor,” Margaret says, uncertain of her ability to remain upright in her ridiculous heels. “I’m not a great dancer.” “I won’t let you fall.” Henry efficiently positions their arms and leads her around the floor in a competent box step. Once they’ve got a good rhythm going he clears his throat and says, “You’re a great dancer.” “We both know that’s not true,” Margaret laughs, her grip on his shoulder slipping a little, “but thank you.” “Is this wedding taking you away from anything important?” Henry asks, steering her around the flower girls, who are doing some sort of hop scotch-like dance that’s going to make all the carefully placed pins fall out of their hair. “I have finals next week.” “Ouch.” Henry winces, giving her right hand a sympathetic squeeze. “I don’t miss those.” “They’re not that bad,” Margaret says, “and it’s my junior year so after this I mostly have to worry about the LSATs.” “I didn’t know you were interested in the law.” Henry’s expression of polite interest warms into something a bit more sincere. “I thought Edith said you were studying literature.” “I’m doing a dual degree in English Literature and Philosophy, but my philosophy concentration is in business ethics.” She flashes him a wide smile. “The lit stuff is just because I like to read.” “Indeed,” Henry manages after pulling her out of the way of the passing conga line. “Have you thought much about what you’d like to--” But then the music fades out and Edith and George are back at the head table. Whatever Henry wanted to ask her would have to wait until after the toasts. And then filler here that I never got around to writing. “I’ve known Edith since birth,” Margaret says, microphone slipping a little in her sweaty grip. “From most people that would be hyperbole, but she was actually at the hospital on the day I was born.” She looks at Edith, leaning into the protective circle of George’s arms, and smiles. “So we might be cousins, but then and there Edith adopted me as her little sister. “This, of course, means that I have the task which traditionally falls to little sisters on the occasion of their big sisters’ weddings.” Margaret can see the dawning look of horror on Edith’s face. “Embarrassing the bride.” A cheer goes up from the, admittedly quite inebriated, crowd. “Don’t you dare, Margaret,” Edith says, voice low as George stifles laughter behind one large hand. “I won’t regale you with tales of our childhood exploits,” Margaret continues, gamely, refusing to meet Edith’s blue eyes. “I certainly won’t mention the time Edith rode into a parked car on her bike and broke her arm.” George lets loose a sharp bark of laughter that earns him Edith’s elbow to the stomach. “And I won’t tell you about the time she snuck me into her senior prom and we both made great fools of ourselves after some idiot spiked the punch. “But I will,” she raises her voice over the laughter, “tell you my favorite Edith story. Edith and I spend far too much time on the phone, because she’s abandoned me to work her dream job in the city. She complained that there were simply no good men left in South Carolina and she was swearing off dating. She was coming for a visit and we were going to have a girly weekend. No boys allowed. “So, of course, the first thing we do when she gets to town is head to my favorite coffee shop. And before we could even sit down, Edith managed to spill her white chocolate mocha all over this dashing young man in dress blues. Because Edith isn’t like other people. When Edith swears off love she’ll immediately walk straight into it, somehow being hopelessly charming while spilling hot beverages on you when you’re on your way to an important meeting.” Edith has her face buried in her hands, but George is grinning from ear to ear, nodding encouragingly at Margaret. “And at first I was skeptical, because certainly no charming playboy was good enough for my Edith. Except Captain George Lennox was nothing like I expected. He has a truly astounding collection of terrible dad jokes.” That draws Edith’s face out of her hands with a giggle, George rolling his eyes. “But he’s also been given a Federal Service Award for his work with the Air Force Special Victims’ Counsel. Yes, George,” Margaret winks at him, “I did in fact research you when you started dating my cousin.” “Only sensible.” George nods, agreeably. “And he looks, well, ladies--” Margaret waves an appreciative hand towards George, and wolf whistles echo through the tent. And this next bit was me trying to write a different beginning because I didn’t love starting right at the wedding like in the miniseries. “Well,” Margaret’s mother says, lips pursed as she struggles with the hook-and-eye closure at the back of the dress, “at least it wasn’t orange.” Margaret eyes her unfamiliar, glamorous reflection with trepidation. She blinks, still not used to the fluttery false lashes, and wonders if she could get away with scraping off the pancake face the makeup artist applied without Aunt Shaw throwing a fit. Probably not. “Nobody said money can actually buy you the know-how to do ‘understated,’ Mom,” Margaret says, carefully glossed lips curling into a small smile. Mary Lou catches Margaret’s eyes in the mirror, her expression serious, but her green eyes alight with mischief. “You’d think they could manage it with as much as they have, though, bless their hearts.” Margaret tries not to laugh, but it’s true that Edith and her fiance love flashy things and come from wealthy backgrounds. The Lennox family owns half of South Carolina, which you’d know in a heartbeat if you met heavily-bejeweled Mrs. Lennox, but even Margaret likes Edith’s ‘dear Georgie.’ Captain George Lennox is a lanky blonde with an astounding collection of terrible dad jokes, a Federal Service Award for his work with the Air Force Special Victims’ Counsel, a silver ‘65 Aston Martin DB5, and a seriously dangerous smile. He’d been on a temporary assignment at Fort Sumter when Edith was visiting Margaret and they’d literally run into each other in Margaret’s favorite off-campus coffee shop. Nine months later, George has transferred from active duty to the USAF JAG Corp Reserves and accepted a position at his father’s Charleston law firm. They’ve bought a fully-renovated Victorian in the nicer part of the historic district. Edith confided to Margaret that she picked it because it had enough bedrooms for the ‘six or seven’ kids they’ve declared they’ll start having ‘as soon as possible without causing a scandal.’ It’s what Edith’s mother, Shelby Shaw, calls ‘a very fine match,’ like they’re all living in a Regency romance and Edith isn’t capable of supporting herself with her MBA and her custom clothing company if she doesn’t also have a big, strong man. Margaret’s mother, Mary Lou, is from one of those old Southern families with more money than God. The provenance of said money is quite carefully never mentioned unless the talk is about the gorgeous plantation homes that’ve been in the family for generations. Mary had caused a minor scandal by marrying Margaret’s father, Richard Hale, a respectable but rather poor assistant professor when they met. The redoubtable and thrice-married Shelby Shaw, Edith’s mother and Mary’s younger sister, had the good common sense to make a succession of more and more profitable marriages and is currently on the hunt for husband number four. -- So the ultimate plan for this fic: Margaret drives caravan w/her parents from Sumter, South Carolina, where her father has been the James Longstreet Professor of Law and Divinity and Associate Dean for Sprawling Oak Chapel. Dr. Hale and Sumter University have parted ways (“over ideological differences” he assures his wife and daughter) and he’s taken a similar position at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh. Margaret has foregone her lifelong plan to study law at Sumter after getting her bachelors in Business and English and is instead following her parents to Pittsburgh (she doesn’t want to leave her mom alone in an unfamiliar place). Margaret initially hates everything and everyone in Pittsburgh, because she is a misguided soul who doesn’t know that Pittsburgh is fantastic, and she and Thornton, who is trying to bring thriving business back to Pittsburgh blah blah blah and also audits some of Papa Hale’s classes, have a lot of arguments that lead to really great hatesex and then accidental feels happen and everything eventually works out because I don’t kill everyone off in Modern AUs. Chapter 3 : That Oxford Time Travel Bellarke AU Summary: Super short snippet of an Oxford Time Travel Bellarke AU, because of course Bellamy would be an Oxford historian who travels back in time and poses as a Praetorian guardsman. The plan for this was for Clarke to be an art historian who's been running around London during the Blitz and bringing back art that will be destroyed, but she keeps getting distracted in the present day by this asshole classicist who keeps getting injured by ancient Romans. Clarke has spent most of her senior year writing her thesis and dashing in and out of the London Blitz in uncomfortable, era-accurate heels. It’s not entirely surprising that Bellamy’s bloody arrival on the pad has her sighing in exhaustion rather than screaming in panic. Luckily, they have drills for things like this, so many drills that her time-lagged body switches to autopilot. She slams a hand on the intercom button. “I need a med team, now!” Clarke yanks the massive first aid kit from beneath the console and adds, “And someone strong from costuming. We may need a hand with the armor.” Clarke darts to the pad where Bellamy is crumpled, unconscious. She’s never seen him so pale beneath the scatter of freckles. A quick press of fingers to neck and she lets loose a shuddery sigh. Pulse is strong and even. She starts figuring out how to remove his wardrobe, what looks like the armor of a Praetorian guardsman, as quickly and painlessly as she can. If she’s lucky all that blood is someone else’s. Or maybe a head wound. Scalp lacerations bleed like shit, but aren’t usually life threatening. Clarke left the pre-med track behind and she ends up treating her fellow historians half the time, anyway. Chapter 4 : That Modern Merlin Morgana-centric AU Summary: So this was going to be a modern Merlin with magic AU about a Morgana not raised by Uther Pendragon, but by Hunith. She's Merlin's sister and Gwen's best friend (though she wants to be more than friends with Gwen, obviously). Everything starts to go a bit mad when the Pendragons move out of the city and take up permanent residence at the ancestral pile and Merlin and Arthur take an immediate dislike/love to each other. It ends, as these things often do, with a shattered windshield and the remnants of Morgana’s favorite staff scattered across the yellow expanse of drought-starved yard behind Gwaine’s Garage. “Oh, well done, Morgana.” Gwen claps from her perch atop the wreckage of an old green Anglia, her legs idly swinging back and forth. “You nearly had him that time.” “Of course I didn’t,” Morgana says with a sigh, bending to pick up the fragments of her staff. It’d taken her three weeks to finish carving the runes on this one. “But it’s very nice of you to say.” Merlin, who’d been the one to deflect the spell, sweeps aside the fragments of safety glass clinging to the bonnet and hops up so he can watch her in relative comfort. “It wasn’t terrible, though,” he says, smiling down at her with his stupidly large green eyes and his ludicrously defined cheekbones. Merlin claims he hasn’t any Fae blood, but with that bone structure and that much power Morgana isn’t particularly inclined to take him at his word. “Better than last time, at least.” “Thanks ever so, darling.” Morgana chucks a piece of her broken staff at him. Merlin freezes it mid-flight without so much as a wave of his hand or a muttered incantation and if he wasn’t so bloody kind and sweet and generous she’d really have to hate the bloke. “So what was it we were discussing before the impromptu duel?” “There are people moving into the old Pendragon place,” Gwen says, worn trainers kicking a steady rhythm against the dented door of the Anglia. “I saw the lorry and mad hordes of movers down the lane this morning.” “What kind of idiot would spend that kind of dosh on a place in the middle of nowhere?” Merlin asks. The old Pendragon place has sat unoccupied for as long as Morgana’s been alive. Or at least as long as she can remember, which is before she was adopted by Hunith and moved to Camelot. Chapter 5 : That 100 Space Opera AU Summary: Because I'm a ridiculous human being I definitely plotted out a space opera about secret space princess/runaway academy cadet Raven Reyes, Ranger Bellamy Blake, and Magic Space Novitiate Clarke Griffin. Of course I did. Raven has never been so happy to stare down the barrel of a gun. To be fair, she’s been stranded on this federation-forsaken POS masquerading as a planet for twenty-seven days. Abrupt commands from a steady-handed stranger are preferable to the cool, stifling hush of the crash site or her own, offkey whistling. “Easy, Ranger,” Raven says, slowly raising both hands. She doesn’t think a Ranger would shoot before she can offer ID, but his navy uniform is just ill fitting and dated enough that it might be a facsimile. Or just plain stolen. “I’ve got ident papers in my left interior jacket pocket. I’m a third year cadet out of the--” “Stop talking,” the Ranger orders, voice and expression flat. His free hand slips inside her jacket and extracts the papers. He’s brisk, businesslike, and Raven’s frankly surprised when he doesn’t try to cop a feel. Rangers are trustworthy, but not known for having finer sensibilities. “I’d just as soon stun you if you’re prone to babbling, so keep quiet a minute.” Raven shrugs and leaves her hands raised. While the Ranger studies her papers, she studies him. The name badge on his jacket reads RNG BLAKE in blocky Common script, the squared off letters machine stitched in white just over his heart. Well. Presumably over his heart. Blake looks Terran enough, could’ve grown up down the road from her back on Masan, but looks aren’t everything in this sector. He’s lean, but muscled, and a bit on the short side if he grew up on a federation standard grav planet. In his flat heeled boots he still towers over Raven, though. Her eyes are still taking in the way his broad shoulders strain the seams of his uniform jacket when Blake clears his throat. “There’s a Kora Alert out for you, Cadet Reyes.” Blake holsters his sidearm before returning her ID. “The Academy’s got half the local force scouring the fifteen sectors for you.” The pinched expression on his freckled face tells her they’d been expecting to find her ship’s debris, maybe her body if they got lucky. “Only half?” Raven raises one eyebrow, pretending her hand isn’t shaking as she slips her papers back into her pocket. “I feel so undervalued.” Blake snorts and eyes the remains of her ship. “Anything you need outta there?” Raven turns toward the ship she’s called home for the last month. “No.” She looks back at Blake, his features drawn into a grimace at the state of her poor, dilapidated puddle jumper. “No, nothing there I need unless you’re running short on emergency rations.” Blake’s dark eyes widen. “I’ve still got two days of food and water left.” Blake whistles through his teeth. “Nah, we’ve got a quick hop to the nearest station.” He starts walking across the few loamy meters of soil that separate Raven from this hellhole and the rest of the ‘verse, like every loping step isn’t a godsdamned miracle she never thought she’d live to see. “The salvage crew will retrieve anything worth saving,” he adds, absently stroking a hand down the side of his small passenger shuttle. Raven bites back a smile. Pilots and their ships. Even if they are scrubby little things. The familiar green and navy stripes mark the shuttle as a standard Ranger transport vehicle. “You can let ‘em know comms are shot to shit.” Raven stumbles after him, shaky with relief and the inevitable adrenaline crash. “No kidding.” Blake slaps his hand on the entry scanner and steps aside to let Raven in first. “You want anything before we take off? Water? Food? I’ve got a fully stocked med kit if--” “I’m fine.” Raven shakes her head, walking past him to drop into the copilot’s seat. “I’m just tired. Thank you, Ranger--” “Blake. Bellamy Blake.” So he could’ve grown up down the street from her on Masan. Blake closes the shuttle door and folds himself into the pilot’s seat with more grace than Cam expected. “Pretty much everyone calls me Ranger Blake,” he adds with a roll of his brown eyes. The hint of a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth gives him away. “Alright, then. Ranger Blake.” Raven watches Blake’s long fingers program in the station coordinates. “Thanks for the heroic rescue.” “All in a day’s work, ma’am.” Blake doffs an imaginary cap in her direction, lips tilting into a full smirk as he double checks the destination of the shuttle’s jump drive. “You can buy me a drink, sometime.” “It’s probably gonna be a while,” Raven replies, her tone grim. Blake frowns, turning to look at her, and freezes. “For what it’s worth,” she says, hitting the stun setting on the sidearm she’d palmed from his holster, “I actually feel pretty bad about this.” Raven checks his pulse when he slumps, head lolling against his headrest. Steady, Terran-normal sleeping rate. She’ll just have to hope she guessed right and he doesn’t wake up halfway through the flight. She punches in the new coordinates before strapping in, Blake’s sidearm locked and stuffed into the same pocket as her identification papers. The starfield outside blurs into streaks of white across the front viewscreen and Raven’s heart gives a familiar, welcome leap for her throat. “I’ll buy your whole damn squad a round if I make it home alive, Blake,” Raven swears, brown eyes taking in his limp, sprawling form. She determinedly doesn’t calculate the likelihood she’ll have the chance to make good on that offer. It’s too close to null to waste the effort, anyway. # Bellamy doesn’t so much slide into wakefulness as trip into it with a small, calloused hand steadying him when he flails. The hand is attached to a tiny blonde with the brightest blue eyes he’s ever seen outside of holovids. She’s a few years younger than him, maybe his sister Octavia's age, and dressed in the knee-length, forest green robes of a novice firekeeper. “You are safe,” she says, her Common slightly lilting with a Terran accent he can’t quite place. “You are unarmed, but you are unharmed.” His sidearm and backup knives are all missing, though whoever stripped him of weapons left him in his uniform. “Where am I?” Bellamy asks, sitting up the rest of the way. He’s in a windowless chamber with walls of smooth, blue-gray stone. The small room is lit from above with the soft yellow panels popularized on long-haul merchant vessels. They mimic natural light well enough to trick mind and body. “How did I get here?” “As to the first,” she says, rising from her crouch next to his cot, “you’re in the House of Brighid in Annagassan.” At Bellamy’s blank look she elaborates. “The capital city of Thomond. We’re on the southern tip of the large continent on Éire.” “Shit, that’s not even my sector.” Bellamy turns towards the novice, swinging his legs over the edge of the cot. She raises an unimpressed eyebrow. “Pardon my language, Sister.” “Hmm.” She purses her lips, but nods. “As to the second, I’m afraid I don’t know. Master Abigail requested your presence whenever you woke.” She takes two steps back. “Can you walk without falling down? My scanners said you weren’t concussed, just stunned, but I’m overdue a system upgrade, so the Mother only knows if the readings were accurate. You’ve been unconscious since you arrived six hours ago.” “I...don’t think I’m concussed.” Bellamy stands, feet steady beneath him. He’s got the low-grade headache that usually follows a stun blast, but otherwise he feels alright. Hungry, but he’s riding the tail end of his last--hopefully, his last, anyway--growth spurt. Bellamy’s always hungry and he's used to the gnawing feeling in his gut. “I’m alright to walk, as long as it’s not too far. I don’t think I’ve eaten in a day or more.” “We’ll fix that soon enough.” She nods and turns to open the tall wooden door. “Come along, then.” Chapter 6 : You Said "Hi," I Forgot My Dang Name (that modern Star Wars AU) Summary: So this is set in the same universe as my modern Star Wars AU You Walked in and My Heart Went , but it was about Rey. This may or may not make sense if you haven't read that fic, which is a fake dating Finn/Poe story. Anyway, I liked this story idea, about Rey moving and falling in love with Pava and building up an awesome friends circle, but I have so much trouble with her characterization that I bailed out like the quitter that I am. I'm still really attached to the idea of Rey being adopted by Excellent Gay Dads Luke Skywalker and Wedge Antilles. Also to Rey being frenemies with badass tailor!Phasma. Rey is home for her final school holiday when Luke and Wedge announce their impending move. She laughs. The idea that Rey’s dads would ever leave the island -- the ancient, sprawling estate on the outskirts of the equally ancient, minuscule village; the lush green of the rolling hills; the careful pencil marks tracking Rey’s steady progression from ‘appallingly tiny’ to ‘not quite as tiny as Luke predicted’ on the inside of the cupboard door; the foam capped waves that alternately lap at and slam against the craggy, moss laden rocks -- is hilarious. She takes a good look at their faces and stops laughing. The bright sound cuts off mid-peal with the sudden, suffocating hush of a room once the door slams shut. “We wanted to tell you in person,” Wedge says. He pushes an earthenware mug of honey laden, milky tea and a small plate of his famous biscuits across the kitchen table. “It felt like a family meeting conversation.” Rey starts nibbling one of the biscuits on autopilot. She looks back and forth between her fathers. Luke is wearing the serious expression most often reserved for emotionally devastating ‘we just want you to know that you’re the most wonderful thing that’s ever happened to us, Sunshine’ conversations. Wedge’s pinched expression can most charitably be described as ‘resigned.’ It’s that, more than anything else, that convinces her of their earnestness. “Wow,” Rey marvels around a crumbly mouthful of oatmeal lace cookie. “You guys are actually serious.” Luke’s mouth twitches up into a tired smile as he passes her a napkin. Rey’s glad he ditched the beard he’d been sporting over winter hols. It makes it easier to read his moods. “Yes. We’re keeping the property, here, and it will always be home,” Luke shares a soft-eyed glance with Wedge, “but your Aunt Leia and Han asked me to come.” “And obviously I wasn’t letting him go without me,” Wedge adds. “No Skywalker has ever correctly estimated how long it’ll take to cope with emotional issues.” “So this is about the thing with Ben?” Rey asks. Rey’s cousin Ben is nine years her senior, something he kindly refrains from lording over her. He's broad shouldered yet lanky; in his younger years he often seemed to have only the loosest control of his limbs. Ben’s also painfully shy and absurdly trusting, at least considering his parents. If he didn't have his mother’s thick, dark hair and his father’s steady hands Rey would think Ben was the adopted one. Rey’s felt out the rough edges of the story in cryptic tidbits gleaned from her aunt’s letters, in shady forums populated with pdfs of badly scanned documents, in gossipy court coverage, in whispered exchanges between her dads. It's the stuff of nightmares. Literally, in her case and probably Ben’s, too. Ben was manipulated into taking a staff position for a corrupt politician -- if Snoke ever gets out of prison he should know Rey will be waiting for him and has plenty of people ready and willing to help her hide the body -- and found himself caught up in one of the greatest conspiracies in modern politics. He cut himself off from the rest of the family, fearing for their safety, and turned state’s evidence in a highly publicized corruption trial. Ben’s back working for Aunt Leia, but the transition hasn’t been seamless. “In a roundabout way, yes. It's a little bit about the thing with Ben,” Luke says, wearing his best diplomat face, before helping himself to one of Rey’s biscuits. Rey and Luke smile brightly around sweet, crumbly mouthfuls. Wedge gives them both his most baleful look, but gets up to retrieve two mugs filled with fragrant, dark roasted coffee and the star-printed tin holding the rest of the biscuits. “It is very difficult to say no to Leia Organa.” “That’s true,” Rey agrees, sliding her plate out of Luke’s reach. Aunt Leia -- who is tiny and terrifying and almost everything Rey wants to be when she grows up -- and her partner Han have lived an ocean away since before Wedge and Luke adopted Rey. There are the twice-yearly visits, one each way, and well meaning exchanges of too generous birthday and holiday gifts, but Rey mostly knows Luke’s side of the family through correspondences. Han sends terse, grudgingly fond scribblings on the backs of garish postcards picked up in gift shops and service stations. Chewie, who’d earned his familial status the moment he let Rey stick her hands in the guts of his favorite two-seater, dashes off riddles and puzzles and the occasional dirty joke on sun faded receipts or half completed parts order forms. He tucks them in with someone else’s letter or slips them into packages with small treats: peculiar candies picked up on stopovers, rough hewn animal figurines carved from driftwood, nuts and washers polished to high shine and strung like beads on pieces of twine. It’s Ben and Leia who are the prodigious letter writers. Leia tends toward brief missives full of blunt affection and practical advice, while her son’s ardent writing swallows reams of paper seemingly before he’s realized he set pen to page. Rey’s first indication that Ben was in trouble had been the passage of two weeks without any envelopes appearing in her school mail cubby. Even now, Rey misses the sight of his familiar, spidery scrawl spilling across creamy vellum. “So when do I need to have my things packed?” Rey asks when Wedge returns to the table. “Rey.” Wedge shakes his head, fingers brushing Luke’s when he passes over one of the lopsided ‘Tied for Best Dad’ mugs that Rey made in art class a decade ago. “We’re not expecting you to indefinitely uproot your entire life for familial obligations.” “Are you saying,” Rey says, flatly, “that you’re moving to another bloody continent and you expect me to just, what? Maintain the ancestral pile all by myself?” “Of course not,” Luke says, pausing to sip at his coffee with a small, pleased hum. “But this is your final term and in a few months you’ll be starting university -- ” “Han didn’t tell you?” Rey interrupts. “Han?” Wedges knuckles go white where he's got a death grip on the handle of his coffee mug. Rey has never understood Wedge’s issues with Han. Her best guess involves the dreamy smiles Luke wears in all the pre-Wedge pictures of Han and Luke, but she's never asked. There are some things a daughter just doesn't need to know. “What did he do now?” “He didn’t do anything! I asked about an apprenticeship with Chewie, we discussed logistics, and Chewie said yes.” Rey beams at her fathers. “I’ve already been accepted to the engineering program at Leia’s alma mater, so I can do uni and have practical experience with flight and maintenance. If I like it, Han says he’d be happy to take me on when I graduate. Chewie’s been looking forward to cutting back on his hours and spending more time with his kids, anyway. I just wasn’t sure how to tell the two of you I was moving so far away. It, um, felt like a family meeting conversation.” Wedge and Luke blink at her in surprise. “Well,” Wedge says, eventually, dunking a biscuit into his coffee with a contemplative expression. “Well, I suppose that’s a good sign.” “I suppose so,” Luke agrees, wrapping an arm around Wedge’s shoulders. Rey starts in on her next biscuit. She sips at her too sweet tea as it goes cold and very firmly tells herself that home is people, not a place. -- “Miss Skywalker, you can’t go in there, right now. Mr. Solo -- ” “Will want to see his darling cousin’s smiling face, Dopheld.” Rey barrels past the scowling assistant and into her cousin’s office. “Mr. Skywalker already told me there’s nothing on Ben’s plate that can't be put on hold for a few hours.” Ben looks up from his laptop, a surprised smile spilling across his pale, thin face. It makes him look heaps younger and, consequently, even more vulnerable. She’s not quite sure how her towering, impeccably dressed cousin looks delicate, but he manages. “Rey!” Ben’s cheekbones are too prominent and the shadows beneath his dark eyes are an angry, bruised looking purple. Rey ruthlessly suppresses the urge to wrap him in cotton wool. As much as she’d like to, she can’t hide him away from the world with a thermos of thick, rich drinking chocolate and a stack of books, all of them with soppy, saccharine endings. “I thought you had class today.” “I’ve got a three hour break between classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays,” Rey says, shutting the inner office door on Dopheld’s angry sputtering. “Scheduling quirk. When was the last time you ate?” “Um.” Ben’s brow furrows like he has to think very hard about the answer to that question, which. No. “Right. That’s what I thought.” Rey circles the desk and pulls Ben to his feet. He blinks down at her in surprise, like the sight of a hand curled around his in comfort is foreign. That hollows out her chest and fills it right back up with a boiling rush of anger. She breathes slow, pulling air in and out through her nose while squeezing Ben’s hand. Rey does her best not to notice the way a few of his long, capable fingers are crooked, now, the result of being viciously broken and improperly set. She ignores the stubby nails on his right index and middle fingers, the burn scars clearly outlining where the superheated pliers were pressed to tender flesh. She ignores the way his always knobbly knuckles have thickened with scar tissue that’s still fading from red to white and she smiles. She smiles and holds on tighter because Ben has been bent, but he's sure as hell not broken. “Come on, Ben,” she orders. “You’re treating me to lunch.” Ten minutes later they’re sitting in one of the comfortably shabby booths at Wexley’s Diner. Rey staked the diner out as her home port over the last week. The food is cheap and delicious; there’s free internet access; it’s located almost equidistant from campus, Solo Charters, and her third floor walkup; and Snap doesn’t mind if she hogs one of his tables for hours at a stretch. Han brought them here, once, years ago. Rey sat next to Ben, who’d just hit his last growth spurt and whose new height had been unendingly fascinating. She'd always lagged a bit in size for her age group, penny loafered feet still dangling above the floor when she sat at grown up tables. Han let her have pie a la mode with a frosty glass of chocolate milk for dinner. She’d declared him her favorite person on the planet. He merely grunted into his meatloaf in response, but Rey remembers the private, crooked smile he hid behind his coffee. She remembers the pleased way Ben had curled an arm around her back, his hand almost comically large where it squeezed her bony shoulder. Ben is looking around, blinking too frequently, like he’s been trapped in a darkened room and grew unaccustomed to the light of the sun. Only the hard won control born of years of meditation allows Rey to tamp down her homicidal rage. Wedge says that runs in the family, which usually earns him a spectacular pout from Luke. “This is where the pilots eat, isn’t it?” Ben asks, setting down his laminate menu. “I don’t know.” Rey considers this. She’s never seen any of Han’s pilots eating at the diner, but that likely has more to do with when she’s there than whether they actually come to Wexley’s. “Your dad was the first person to bring me here, so probably.” A waitress walks over to take their order. Rey decides on the brisket special, mouth watering at the prospect of the slow-cooked beef, nutty farro and dark greens rounding out the plate. After ordering, she leans back on the booth bench and studies Ben’s face. There’s warm afternoon light spilling in through the window at his back and cool fluorescents shining on his dark hair from above. The shadows make his drawn face look even more angular, unfamiliar, almost alien. Her mental picture of Ben Solo is more or less fixed in his early teens, his pale, freckled face still padded with traces of baby fat. In the image curled protectively inside her chest, guarded by the sentries of her ribs, snugged up beside her damnably bleeding heart, Ben always looks content in the way that children of happy families often do. He grants Rey indulgent smiles while escorting her to the park, the ice cream shop in the village, the cinema, around his favorite book shop. He’s happy and healthy and whole. She knows feeding him up might not help the haunted look in Ben’s eyes, but it’ll help with the hollows beneath his high cheekbones and that’s not nothing. “I wanted to invite you to my housewarming party on Friday,” Rey says. The waitress disappeared into the kitchen and they’ve been sitting in mostly comfortable silence. Ben has grown still, still and so very quiet. His brown eyes are fixed on a crescent shaped scrape on the Formica tabletop next to his cutlery, left thumbnail tracing the groove. “Not a big thing. Just family, Chewie, Phasma, maybe some of the guys from Solo Charters.” Rey sees his hesitation in the way he busies his hands, crooked fingers lining up knife and fork and spoon, perfectly parallel lines of cheap flatware on a flimsy paper napkin. “I’m not saying you have to bring me anything, but it’s your first opportunity to give me a present without worrying about something happening to it during transit.” And if anything was going to sweeten the pot Rey had certainly found it. Ben looks up from the table, his wide mouth curling into one of his old, gentle smiles and something that feels peculiarly like hope blooms in Rey’s chest. Her cousin has always loved spoiling her rotten, also a familial trait, according to Wedge. Ben takes great pains to treat her like the kid sister he’d always wanted and never gotten. They spent just enough childhood hours together to grow up fond without tripping over one another’s foibles, the way they no doubt would have if they’d been thrown together with greater frequency. Wedge calls it ‘the inverse proximity fondness correlation,’ says it explains why Luke and Leia get along so well. They didn’t meet till they were nearly Rey’s age. “Well,” Ben pauses to nod cordially at the waitress. She’s returned with their drinks and a massive plate of sweet potato fries to share while they wait for their entrees. “That’s certainly a tempting offer, Miss Skywalker.” Rey snorts, but can’t help returning his smile. Ben only ever calls her that when he’s mocking her. Yes, Rey’s certain that the feeling in her chest is hope. -- Friday is one of Rey’s two days off from her apprenticeship with Chewie. She only has one class, at ten in the morning, so her weekend effectively begins at noon. She stops by the market on her way home from campus, picking up snack food and drinks. When she drives back to the neighborhood, her usual parking spot is occupied by a massive truck. Rey scowls and finds a space a few blocks away and one street over. She hooks her reusable bags over her shoulders, feeling faintly ridiculous as she makes the walk back to her apartment. She turns the corner onto her street and only just manages to skid to a halt before running into a wide-eyed young man. “Shit, sorry!” Rey says, trying to keep her footing without falling into him or dropping any of her groceries.. “No, no, you’re fine. I wasn’t watching where I was going,” he says, his white teeth a brilliant flash against his dark skin when he smiles. “Hey, do I know you? That’s not a line, or anything,” he adds in a rush. “You actually do look familiar.” Rey pauses, looking him over consideringly. “Do you live in 2187?” “You’re the new girl on the third floor!” The man extends his hand to shake before realizing her arms are too laden with bags to free up a hand. He drops his arm back to his side. “I’m Finn. I’m your downstairs neighbor.” “Rey. Oh, you’re the one with the bicycle, right?” she asks. “The green one that’s usually chained out front?” “Yeah, that’s mine.” Finn nods. “I’d say small world, but we both live down the street, so.” He shrugs and smiles, expression sort of bashful. “True.” Rey returns his smile. “Well, hey, if you’re not doing anything tonight I’m having a little housewarming thing at my place. Nothing too loud, just some friends and family. Free food.” She raises her arms a little to show off her party supplies. “Really low key. You wouldn’t need to bring anything.” “That’s really generous of you, but I wouldn’t want to impose -- ” “Nonsense,” Rey interrupts. “If you don’t want to come, that’s totally fine. I don’t want to pressure you, or anything, but I’m new in town and you can always use more friends, right?” Finn’s dark eyes are a little wide as he stares at her, like he’s not entirely sure she’s real, or serious. “That actually sounds really great. I just moved here, too. I don’t know that many people, yet.” He looks down at her arms and then back to Rey. “Are you sure I shouldn’t bring anything? I could get paper plates or chips or something.” “Nah, I’ve got all that covered,” Rey assures him. “Just bring yourself. My dads will probably bring way more food than we’ll be able to eat, anyway. Wedge has a baking habit and no intention of quitting.” Finn blinks at her, as if everything Rey just said had come out in a foreign language. After going over the last few sentences, she supposes that’s fair. “I have two fathers. Wedge is one of my dads’ names.” “Oh!” Finn smiles. “Oh, okay. That makes more sense than ‘wedge’ being some kind of inanimate object.” Rey laughs and agrees. “I’d best get a move on. My aunt is always at least an hour early.” “Okay, it’s killing me. You’re obviously perfectly capable,” Finn says, looking slightly pained, “but can I please help you carry some of those bags back to 2187? I’d feel so rude just walking along with you when I have both hands free.” “Oh.” Rey looks down at her arms for a moment before smiling. She extends them towards Finn. “Help yourself.” Finn laughs, a bright, joyous sound that makes Rey feel content, pleased. It’s a laugh she thinks doesn’t get aired as often as it should, and she likes the idea that she’ll be able to draw it out of him if they become friends. Rey lets Finn relieve her of half the party supplies and they walk the few dozen yards home, making awkward, but enjoyable, ‘getting to know you’ small talk. “I’m studying at the U,” Rey explains, jiggling her key in the lock until the building’s door opens with a protesting creak. She holds it open with one foot until Finn slips inside. Once she turns to the stairs the door shuts with a thud, locking behind them. “And Luke, my other dad, his side of the family lives here.” “That must be nice,” Finn says, trailing after her up the cramped staircase. “Having family around.” “Yeah, it’s pretty nice. I was fostered until I was seven and Luke and Wedge adopted me. It was incredibly lucky their families were so supportive so I got their various relatives in the deal.” Rey smiles. “I lived with my dads from seven to fourteen, then I was at boarding school except for hols until this past summer. It’s going to be nice to live in the same place year round.” “You’re lucky. I grew up in the system,” Finn says. Rey pauses on the final landing before her floor and looks back at Finn. He looks poleaxed, like he hasn’t any idea why the words just came out of his mouth, like he normally shoves them down low, locks them away and doesn’t look at them or think about them. “That blows,” Rey says. That startles another laugh out of Finn. “No, but it does, right? No reason to tiptoe ‘round it.” She starts walks up the last flight of stairs. Theoretically there's some transition here, and then the only other bit I wrote that I liked was about Phasma. Rey met Phasma’s parents, once, at an Organa, Solo, & Skywalker holiday party. Phasma’s mother is the only daughter of one of those old families with titles half a page long and more disposable income than most small countries’ GDP. The wine coloured gown she wore would’ve screamed classy if it wasn’t too refined to raise its voice. Phasma’s height and hair obviously come from her father. He’s handsome and smooth skinned for his age, resplendent in his dress uniform, and he had the carefully bland expression of a born politician. They’re both pale, blonde statues and the frost in the air between them had Rey stammering her excuses and fleeing for the warm embrace of Jess’s arms. Rey understands a bit more why Phasma’s always quietly and politely shocked by casual displays of affection. Chapter 7 : That Weird 100 Supernatural Law Enforcement AU Summary: I literally can't remember where this idea came from. Octavia's a sheriff's deputy in Shoshone County (that's basically middle of nowhere Idaho where my mom grew up, population around 10,000 and lots of creepy woods, haunted buildings, and abandoned mines to get lost in). Clarke's a big city 'reader,' a sort of medium who can talk to the dead from the scene of their death or from their resting place. She's sometimes called in by families of the deceased or by law enforcement. Would've been eventual Bellamy/Clarke and Lincoln/Octavia. It’s a quarter past four in the morning and Deputy Octavia Blake is watching Clarke Griffin scrape grave dirt from beneath her neatly trimmed fingernails with one of Sheriff Indra Porter’s business cards. “And you said the cause of death was -- ” “Manual strangulation,” Griffin says, inspecting her fingers before tucking the card into her left coat pocket. “But whoever it was came at him from behind. He didn’t see anything.” “We got that from the doc’s report,” Octavia mutters, thumb and forefingers pinching the bridge of her nose. “No disrespect, Ms. Griffin -- ” “It’s Doctor Griffin,” Griffin interrupts, again , “but, please, call me Clarke.” “No disrespect, Clarke,” Octavia continues, dark brows raised, “but Shoshone County hasn’t brought a reader in on a case in six decades and we do just fine.” “And with the same lack of disrespect, Mr. Green’s family is paying my fee. If I’m actively interfering with your investigation or disrupting a crime scene you can have me removed, but otherwise the law is very clear on reader’s rights.” Griffin smiles, all teeth. “Deputy.” “Well,” Octavia smiles just as fiercely, “you’re not disturbing a crime scene, but you are trespassing after closing time.” “The funeral director granted permission for me to come after close. The night security was, unfortunately, not informed.” “Uhuh.” Octavia sits on th e back bumper of her cruiser, an ancient beast of a Jeep that’s trundled through more Idaho winters than Octavia has, and stuffs her hands into her jacket pockets. “Look, it’s obvious you aren’t from around here, Clarke.” “What gave me away?” Griffin says, playing up her clipped, city girl accent with a honey sweet grin. “I don’t know what the Greens were thinking hiring you, but you’re gonna have a tough time getting anybody to talk to you, let alone take you seriously. My cousin Nate’s a reader, he looked into you. I know you aren’t conning anyone.” “Nathan Miller’s your cousin?” Griffin’s blue eyes widen. “Shit. Okay, I’ve got some not great news for you, Deputy.” Griffin’s voice has gone soft and sincere and something that feels very much like fear curls low in Octavia’s stomach. Chapter 8 : That Other 100 Space Opera AU Summary: Because of course I started to write more than one space opera AU in The 100 fandom. In this one, Clarke is the secret space princess and all the delinquents are on earth, which the various empires/kingdoms of the local sector use as a juvenile detention center. part i: radio silence Clarke spends the day the communications hut falls silent as she spends most days: caring for an array of minor injuries and trying not to yell at Bellamy Blake. Winter’s clasping fingers have loosened their hold on Haven. The snowmelt resigns itself to the wheel ruts etched in the packed earth of the village square. A white blanket still clings halfway down the craggy slopes of Mount Brunswick. And because this is Clarke’s life--and because she’s surrounded by juvenile delinquents who might well have been genetically engineered to drive her mad--the wrench monkeys spent the morning repairing the lighthouse machinery. Sub-zero temperatures and a distinct lack of windows proves insufficient deterrents. Twists of steam curl the blonde wisps escaping her braid. Clarke has never bothered keeping quiet when friends take unnecessary risks. She yells at Bellamy between forcing frostnipped appendages into basins of water. She examines the work-roughened, purpling skin of his hands, steam and fury making her moon-pale cheeks go blotchy. “Did I, or did I not,” Clarke forces Bellamy’s left hand into a basin, taking grim satisfaction in the way he hisses but leaves his hand underwater, “tell you we have to take precautions? We’re never dropped enough supplies and I don't have half the resources I need on this godsforsaken planet!” She takes a shuddering breath and lowers her voice. “Didn’t I say we have to be careful even after the snow melts?” Clarke glares at her office’s occupants. Jasper pouts beneath the swathes of bandages pasted over the gash on his forehead. Monty looks a little shamefaced. Raven just snorts and leans back in her chair, eyes drooping shut and to all appearances falling asleep. The three of them grew up on Luna Station 4, where the populace apparently evolved the enviable ability of dropping off anytime, anywhere. Or maybe they’re all so damned bone-tired from too much work and too little food that they’re developing narcolepsy. Clarke was exiled from Oleander before completing her healer training, so who knows. “You did,” Monty agrees, earning an elbow to the ribs from Jasper. "Shit," he curses, flinching from the splashing water. Jasper, uncaring that his sweater is now mottled and damp, looks at his best friend with all the betrayal of a cat forced into a bath. “Montgomery Aloysious Green--” “Not my name,” Monty mutters. “--I, for one, am shocked,” Jasper continues as if Monty had never spoken, his lanky frame somehow conveying the essence of frenetic motion without rising from his seat or pulling his throbbing hands from the water, “and appalled at the insinuation that we would ignore the warnings of our fearless leader.” “Not your leader,” Clarke sighs. She brushes black hair away from Bellamy's forehead, checking his temperature with the thin skin on the back of her hand. Bellamy submits to her touch, tilting his head back for a better angle. “Of course not, Your Highness.” The constellations of his freckles shift as his mouth tugs upwards in a lopsided smile. Clarke feels something in her chest constrict. “Not royalty, either,” she says with as much dignity as she can muster after a too-long pause. There’s an itchy patch of skin at the nape of her neck where Clarke can feel Monty and Jasper staring in united pity. Clarke doesn’t like Bellamy, she reminds herself. It’s just that he’s less terrible to people that aren’t his little sister than he was when Clarke’s DisposaPod crashed into his hunting blind a year ago. Civility is novel after months of snide remarks and questionable decision making. That’s all it is, she thinks. Her hand drops to her side and she definitely doesn’t feel bereft. “Doing it again.” Jasper's voice is muffled by the scratchy wool covering Monty’s shoulder. Jasper has twisted his long legs up in the rickety oak chair and mashed his face against Monty's lumpy sweater. “Make it stop.” He curls around Monty as best he’s able with his hands still in their basin. “They’re too pathetic.” “Leave them alone, Jasper.” Monty’s head drops, cheek resting against Jasper’s hair. “Your mum’s teasing never helped you and Maya,” Monty adds. His words are teasing, but his voice is heavy with the bittersweet fondness wrought by separation. Clarke steps away from Bellamy and the steady regard in his brown eyes, saying, “I never had such terrible patients on Oleander,” which is patently untrue, but they can't know that. Raven’s hands are unresisting when Clarke pulls them from their restorative bath to inspect the engineer’s calloused fingers. They’ve lost the unhealthy tinge picked up from hours clamped around a frigid hyperspanner. The water’s worked its magic, warming her skin to its winter-faded shade of tawny gold. “I think you all do foolish things just to spite me. Right, well." Clarke nods, still staring down at Raven's fingers. “That looks much better.” Raven’s eyes snap open and she yanks her pruney hands from Clarke’s grip. “The light needed fixing and we fixed it,” she says, almost knocking over the basin as she scrambles off of her stool. “I’m going to go see if Finn’s radioed back, yet.” She grabs her walking stick and stomps through the front door of the infirmary and into the square. Her sleeves are still rolled up to her elbows, the corded muscles of her forearms dripping cooling water onto the muddy ground. Clarke watches Raven exhale a sigh in cloud-like tendrils before the door swings shut. Clarke turns back to her only-slightly-more-cooperative charges. She allows herself a moment's longing for the ward on Oleander Prime where she interned with her mother. Sedation was cheap and expedient and sometimes involved Clarke tasering the patients who got handsy with the nursing staff. It’s the little things she misses, really. # Octavia Blake is a head shorter than her brother. Clarke spent her first week on Earth thinking they were a bickering couple. Bellamy’s broad and leanly muscled, with a perpetual smirk and a distracting spray of freckles across his nose and cheeks. His sister’s a tiny ball of repressed fury and her pale, heart-shaped face wouldn’t be out of place in a van Dyck portrait. Octavia--born to the profound misfortune of being raised by Bellamy on Imperial Homeship Samshin, instead of being exposed to any influences that might’ve had a mitigating effect on their genetic disposition to be horrible people --brayed like a donkey when Clarke asked how long Bellamy and Octavia had been dating. Bellamy had stared across the cook fire with a stricken expression, a muscle in his jaw twitching. When Octavia caught sight of him she’d laughed even harder, falling off of her log and singing the end of her long ponytail. Lincoln had sighed and pulled her a safe distance from the flames, tucking Octavia against his sprawled legs. Bellamy had been too poleaxed even to glare at Lincoln when Octavia leaned her head against the planetsider’s thigh with a contented sigh. Clarke’s managed to avoid exchanging more than pleasantries with Octavia for an entire year of regretting the very fact of the Blakes’ existence, but for some reason or other Octavia’s gotten it into her head that Clarke shouldn’t be the only trained healer in their tiny village. Clarke is, unfortunately, her only option. Octavia explains all this with the most long-suffering expression Clarke’s ever witnessed on an eighteen-year-old. “And I told him that Lincoln is training with his mom as a healer,” Octavia throws herself into the chair in front of Clarke’s desk, “but Bellamy says the planetsiders don’t even remember a time when they had antibiotics. Like that matters if they don’t send any more.” She proceeds to glare at the chair like she can’t quite believe a piece of furniture has the effrontery to be this uncomfortable in her presence. The chair is a trick Clarke picked up from her father. (“You know when someone really wants your attention,” Jake would say, slipping his badge into his jacket pocket, “if they’ll put up with a terrible seat to keep it.”) Octavia stays put, turning her glare from the chair to Clarke. Clarke purses her lips to suppress a smile. “You may have a point there,” Clarke concedes. She folds her hands together on her desk, considering the words that are least likely to get her punched. Or stabbed. Octavia keeps a staggering array of weapons on her person, from a planetsider boot dagger to the bonguk geom tucked into a red lacquered scabbard strapped across her back. “Are you sure you’re interested in healing and not just, um, spending more time with Lincoln?” Clarke’s eyes narrow on Clarke and she frowns for a moment. It's a canny look, discomfiting Clarke less because of its sharpness and more for its similarity to Bellamy’s ‘I have a terrible plan’ face. It’s not comforting. “My brother already talked to you,” Clarke says. It’s stated as fact and Clarke summons a decade of her mother’s training to remain relaxed when the younger girl removes the sword from her back. “He thinks he’s so smart.” “He does,” Bellamy agrees, “but he didn’t talk to me. About this, anyway.” She motions between the two of them, eyes flicking to Octavia’s hands. “About the healing or about Lincoln.” Octavia removes a whetstone from the leather pouch at her hip and pulls her bonguk geom from its scabbard in a long, smooth glide. The sword--an antique that Clarke assumes dates back to before the diaspora, making it more than a century old--is a double-edged blade that fairly sings as Octavia restores it to hair-splitting sharpness. “He was sent here because of me, you know.” Octavia’s hands are steady as she raises the blade, inspecting her work in the winter light filtering through the pitted glass of the office windows. “I was just his fuckup little sister. A student without a side job. A drain on resources.” Each statement has the bitter, worn cadence of a quote. Clarke swallows past the lump in her throat. “I’m sure it wasn’t--” “Don’t,” Octavia instructs, slipping the whetstone into its pouch. She sheaths the sword as she stands. “It was my fault. He was stealing rations for me and he got caught. The Empress isn’t exactly known for her mercy when it comes to thieves, but she spared his hands because the Allied Peoples had just opened this hellhole for juvenile detention. It was my fault, so I snuck onto his transport and now we’re both here. And he still.” Octavia straps the sword to her back and shakes her head. “Bellamy just wants to take care of me. If I can be a healer, then I can show him that he doesn’t have to, anymore.” “It’s not my place to interfere between the two of you,” Clarke says, “but--” “You’re right. It’s not.” “Healing isn’t the only way to prove you’re...contributing.” “Well, I hate circuitry and I’m shit with plants,” Octavia says with an unconcerned shrug of her shoulders that would be more convincing if her posture wasn’t so stiff. “So you gonna train me, or what?” “Alright.” Octavia’s mouth drops in surprise. For once she looks her age. “Seriously?” “Seriously.” Clarke nods. “Just one condition.” Octavia raises her eyebrows. “No swords in my infirmary.” Octavia’s face splits into a broad grin and she sticks out her hand for Clarke to shake. “Deal.” # Clarke likes to play this game with herself where she guesses who’s entering the infirmary without turning around. She wins at least four times out of five, because Bellamy’s either naturally clumsy or lies about not enjoying her company while he appropriates half of her desk for drawing up duty rosters. “Hey.” Clarke turns to tease Bellamy about his propensity for slivers, but stops with her mouth hanging open. “Uh, Raven. Hi.” Raven Maria Constance Reyes--just Raven to her friends, among whom Clarke isn’t foolish or presumptuous enough to include herself--is lingering in the doorway of Clarke’s office. It’s been three days since Raven marched out of the infirmary and they’ve been studiously avoiding one another at mealtimes. Raven tugs at the overlong sleeves of the weatherbeaten leather jacket worn open over her blue coveralls. The blank face she normally adopts in Clarke’s presence has been abandoned in favor of a grim frown. “Finn’s two days overdue,” Raven says. And there it is. “I know,” Clarke agrees, sitting behind her desk and motioning towards the torture device masquerading as a chair on the other side. Raven eyes the chair and snorts, choosing instead to lean against one of the supply cabinets, arms crossed over her chest. “And?” “And...I’m sorry?” Clarke raises a placating hand at Raven’s outraged expression. “Look, I’m not in charge, no matter how many times you guys joke. And I’m not his mother. If he wants to And there would be more of this conversation if I was ever going to finish this story. # Clarke worries about the people of Haven. Actually, she worries about a lot of things, but mostly about her people. And there she goes again. She’s decidedly not in charge, no matter how many eye rolls that declaration receives. A noble Oleander education gives her a bit of insight into how one goes about running things, is all. If Bellamy’s teasing ‘your majesty’s aren’t quite as far from the truth as she intimates, it’s not as if rank or birth station matter in exile. The people of Haven are her people the way her blood and brethren back on Oleander Prime and in the colonies are her people: equal parts joy and responsibility. Clarke’s been foolish enough to carve out room in the crumbling crevices of her too-soft heart and now she’s stuck with the lot of them. Chapter 9 : That Modern Supernatural Private Investigator 100 AU Summary: A weird supernatural 100 AU where Raven's retired Air Force and is using her witchy and investigative powers as a PI in Boise. Because why the hell not. Also she named her cat after the cat of pioneer aviator John Bevins Moisant. Major Raven Maria Constance Reyes, USAF, Retired, is seven episodes into her post-breakup Game of Thrones binge-watch when the doorbell rings. Ring is a generous descriptor. It’s a prolonged groaning more akin to a death rattle. Raven looks from her laptop, perched atop a stack of milk crates filled with yellowing paperbacks, to her bowl of under-spiced piperrada, the eggs floating sadly among the peppers and onions, and sighs. “Coming!” Raven shouts towards the front door as the bell rattles again. She sets her mug and spoon on the floor next to the sofa and tucks a stray curl behind her left ear. “Coming, coming,” she mutters, tugging at the hem of her Boise State sweatshirt as she crosses the rough hewn floorboards. She winces when her bare feet catch the odd splintery patch and makes a mental note to pick up some sandpaper. Or to wear her slippers on the ground floor. “How can I help. You.” There’s nobody on the porch. There’s also a distinct lack of car in the drive or any sign of one on the bumpy stretch of dirt road that connects her place to the main thoroughfare. It’d be enough to make Raven’s fingers itch for her sidearm even if she hadn’t just moved into a ramshackle house in the foothills. There’s half an hour’s drive between 13 West Wild Phlox Way and her office downtown, and the good mile and a half separating her from the nearest neighbors puts her out of anyone’s screaming distance. Raven’s on the verge of shutting the door, heart tripping an uneasy rhythm, when Paree slips between her legs and snarls in distaste. Raven keeps her balance with a wild grab for the door frame. Paree stops snarling, but circles a small object Raven hadn’t noticed before. “Now, what have you found, Mademoiselle Fifi?” Raven bends to examine the cat’s prey and catches a whiff of rot. The sweetly putrid scent of decaying flesh, to be precise. “Oh, shit, get away from that, Paree. Don’t touch it.” Paree considers Raven for a long moment before twitching her crooked tail and retreating into the house. Raven crouches, knees creaking in protest, and tugs the collar of her sweatshirt over her nose to deaden the stench. The cat’s find is a rodent of some sort, a large vole, maybe, or a fairly small gopher. It’s been placed on the far edge of her covered porch, next to the bench swing. Something sliced it open, stem to stern, innards falling from the neat slice in a trail of shiny viscera. And it was definitely cut, not the work of claws or teeth. There are slight, but visible, tool marks. “Well. That’s not good.” Raven goes inside to retrieve a garbage bag and, after a rummage through the kitchen boxes for a pair of gloves proves futile, grabs a second bag to use as a makeshift mitt. She makes quick work of the small body, placing the whole mess in the bin beside the garage. Taking one last look around the house--no sign of any footprints but hers and the distinctive patterns of the movers’ heavy work boots--Raven returns inside and bolts the door. With a quick slice of her switchblade to her palm, she manages enough blood for some slapdash wards on the three doors leading outside. If Raven switches from Game of Thrones to Disney movies, well. The only ones who’ll know are her and Paree, and the cat isn’t telling anyone. # After an afternoon in her stuffy, third floor office spent delivering bad news--photos of a cheating husband to one client, evidence of a teenager selling pot to another--all Raven wants to do is relax in an overly pink bubble bath with a romance novel and a bottle of hard cider. She pulls into her garage and retrieves her PI license and her sidearm from the glovebox. In the kitchen, Paree is mewling next to her empty dish. “I know. I never feed you. I’m such a terrible person.” Raven smiles, tucking her gun, holster and all, into the countertop safe and locking it with a punched code and a swipe of blood from the cut Raven’s lip acquired when one of her suspects took a swing at her that morning. Some guys don’t take kindly to photographic evidence that their cars actually are making up for something. And that their wives will be calling the lawyers, but Raven finds that most guys care more about their endowments in the heat of the moment. “Give me a minute and I’ll grab you the fancy stuff out of the fridge.” Chapter 10 : That Post-WWI Harry Potter AU Summary: So in this Ginny and Ron are the last of the Weasleys and they're hosting a massive house party in the country when some Dark artifacts come up missing. Ginny uses it as an excuse to call in her old nursing buddy, Hermione, before said nursing buddy returns to the States and a teaching position at the witching college in Salem. Hermione Granger first sets foot on the Weasley’s Wiltshire estate after the war, feeling rather shabby without the comforting weight of a Norfolk coat across her shoulders. “Hermione, darling!” A lanky redhead wearing a scandalous pair of riding trousers and a perfectly tailored jacket sprints toward Hermione. A uniformed footman trails after her, a resigned expression on his face as her Hessian boots kick up the carefully manicured lawn. The garden gnomes aren’t happy about this treatment of the grass, judging by the disgruntled looks on their faces as they begin repairing the turf. “You should’ve telephoned from the station. I would’ve sent Mr. Abbott down in the Renault.” “Lady Ginevra, it’s wonderful to see you under better circumstances.” Understatement. It’s likely the first time they’ve shaken hands without blood or dirt staining their fingernails. “I didn’t want to trouble you. One of your tenants was driving this way. I’m familiar with rough transport after four years in France.” “Of course.” Lady Ginevra smiles widely, dimples appearing on her unfashionably freckled cheeks. “And I’ve told you a thousand times to call me Ginny.” “As milady commands,” Hermione replies, dry, earning a snort and an amused smile from Ginny and raised eyebrows from the silent footman. “Well, knowing you we should get directly to business, yes?” Ginny’s blue eyes flick towards Hermione’s meager baggage. “Dennis, would you kindly take Nurse--pardon me, Miss Granger’s bags to her room? And if you see Mrs. Pomfrey tell her we’ll take tea in the Wisteria Room. Something substantial, she’s had a long journey.” Dennis the footman nods and heads for the house, Hermione’s bags tucked beneath his arms. “He looks awfully familiar,” Hermione murmurs as Ginny wraps an arm around Hermione’s shoulders. “Sergeant Creevey was his eldest brother,” Ginny whispers, leading Hermione down the gravel drive towards the massive oak doors of Blackwell Hall. “The family’s worked for us for generations. The war took Mr. Creevey and the three older lads and the influenza took Mrs. Creevey. Now it’s just Dennis and his little sister, Luna. She’s my lady’s maid, now. And this,” she adds in a louder voice, eyes tracking Dennis as he heads for the servants’ entrance, “is the ancestral pile. Home of the Wiltshire Weasley clan from time immemorial. Well, I say immemorial, but really just since Capability Brown designed the place in 1764. Before that we mostly languished at Ledley Park. Or Grosvenor Square. We still have garden parties at the park when the weather’s fair. And we sometimes spent Christmas there as children.” Throughout this singularly astonishing speech, which highlighted many of the reasons Hermione can’t imagine why Ginny ever decided they should be friends, Ginny kept a steady pace that brought them to the hall’s main entrance. The massive door swings open without either of them knocking, revealing a reedy young man with unruly sandy hair and an air of restrained amusement. “Lady Ginevra,” he says, the hint of a smile mostly restrained to a twitch at the corners of his mouth. Hermione is quietly astonished by his thick brogue, as she’d spent half the train ride to the country listening to an unbearably posh woman bemoan how Irish servants had gone out of vogue and she was having the devil of a time hiring all new staff what with the post-war shortages. Hermione had barely restrained herself from chucking her book at the woman’s smug face. “I see our esteemed guest has arrived.” “Indeed, Mr. Finnigan,” Ginny replies with a dimpled grin. “This is my dear friend, Miss Granger. We’re going to take tea in the Wisteria Room. Would you send someone up to tell Ronald she’s here? I’m sure he’ll want to join us, at least to greet our guest.” “Oh,” Hermione frowns, “is that really necess--” “Of course, Lady Ginevra,” Mr. Finnigan smoothly cuts in, bobbing a quick bow and striding off to find the lord of the manor. “Very efficient fellow, Mr. Finnigan,” Ginny says, smiling fondly at the butler’s retreating back. “Handy with a needle, a ladle, and a rifle, if you can believe it. He was Ron’s batman.” “Ginny, there’s really no reason to bother your brother.” Hermione lets Ginny steer her down a long hallway. Cheerful fairy lights flicker between wall sconces with high giggles and the odd burst of multicolored sparks. “Nonsense. Ron’s terribly excited to finally make your acquaintance.” Ginny opens a door towards the end of the hall. It opens onto an airy sitting room with a full wall of windows and overstuffed bookcases carved with twining wisteria vines. “Apparently I mentioned you in too many of my letters and darling Ronald got it into his head that we were hopelessly in love. He wants to be sure you’re good enough for me.” “He does not!” Hermione laughs as Ginny’s arm finally drops from around her shoulders. “He does!” Ginny sprawls across the dark leather Chesterfield in a profoundly unladylike fashion. A clump of muddy grass drops from her boots onto a Maas-Fjetterstrom rug, woven in soft shades of purple and blue and which Hermione knows is both rare and grotesquely expensive. “Anyway, you’re far too good for me, so it’s not as if he’d think to disapprove. I’ve told him it’s a great tragedy and I’m the only one of us who’s sapphically inclined,” Hermione feels her face flushing to the roots of her hair, “but Ronald is a firm believer in the power of the Weasley charm.” “If there was ever a woman for me it would be you, darling,” Hermione says, sitting in an overstuffed Queen Anne chair with a grin. “Well, that’s certainly encouraging,” a low, amused voice says from the doorway. Hermione jumps out of her seat, turning to see Ginny’s brother for the first time. Lord Ronald Weasley, 17th Marquess of Greyhaven, is even taller than his sister. His hair is a less violent shade of red, but they’re similarly blessed with fine, angular features and easy, dimpled grins. “Thank you for the invitation, my lord,” Hermione says, not bothering to curtsy. Ginny laughed herself sick the last time Hermione tried and never gave a straight answer whether it was the formality or terrible form that was so funny. “You have a lovely home.” “Good grief, Gin, did you tell her horror stories about me or did you actually make friends with someone possessing manners?” Ron steps into the room and motions for Hermione to retake her seat. “Please feel free to call me Ron, Miss Granger. Having met my sister I daresay you know we’re not much for titles.” “I haven’t said anything that isn’t true, brother dear,” Ginny says, tugging her brother onto the Chesterfield with a lazy smile. “And if she’s to call you Ron you’d best call her Hermione. Mrs. Pomfrey, you’re a wonder.” The last she addresses to plump, motherly-looking woman floating a tea tray into the room with a measured flick of her wand. “I see you’ve already managed to make a mess of the place,” says Mrs. Pomfrey with an exaggerated scowl. “Tracked mud all down the hall and onto your fancy carpet, and in front of company.” “She is a terror, Mrs. Pomfrey,” Ron says with a straight face, though his blue eyes are bright as he retrieves an already prepared cup from the tray. Mrs. Pomfrey sniffs and does a poor job of hiding her own amusement when Ginny tosses a day old copy of The Times onto the floor, covering the muddy streak on the rug. “The sandwiches are mutton and tomato, lass,” Mrs. Pomfrey tells Hermione, patting her on the arm with a smile. “If you’d like something a bit heartier the soup for supper’s almost ready or I’ve some chicken from luncheon.” “Oh, these will be wonderful, thank you, Mrs. Pomfrey,” Hermione assures the housekeeper, who graces her with another brilliant smile. Hermione and the Weasleys bite back laughs when Mrs. Pomfrey shoots one final glare in the direction of Ginny’s muddy boots before stalking out of the room. “She’s a treasure. Where on earth did you find her?” “Groom’s wife,” Ginny says, helping herself to one of the sandwiches. “She was brilliant with horses and she’s just as capable with housemaids. We lost most of the staff to the war or the flu and kept on anyone who wanted to stay. Working out alright so far.” “And before the war Mr. Finnigan did what?” Hermione asks, taking a bite of her own sandwich. She hums happily. She hasn’t had fresh bread like this in five years and she doubts the tomatoes have been off the vine for more than a few hours. “Oh, you’re right, Gin. She’s dreadfully sharp.” Ron takes a large gulp of his tea. “Mr. Finnigan was my batman. Before that he was employed by His Majesty’s Supernatural Constabulary.” Hermione nearly chokes on a mouthful of mutton, waving off the Weasleys as she washes it down with an over sugared swig from her cup. “You’re saying you have a constable with supernatural training and sent an urgent telegram to me to investigate, instead?” “Well, I thought you could use a holiday before traversing an entire bloody ocean,” Ginny says, looking not at all contrite when Hermione glares and takes a rather savage bite of her sandwich. “It would’ve been a shame not to see you once more before you abandoned me for your boring old teaching post in Salem or Cambridge or whatever it is. I hear their weather is dreadful.” “Says the woman living in the wettest country I’ve ever set foot in!” “Mr. Finnigan will of course be assisting in the investigation,” Ron assures Hermione, frowning at his sister, ginger brows furrowed. “Servants are terrible gossips like the rest of us, but you’ll be able to more directly question the guests.” “Directly question the guests. Directly question the guests? Ginny, you told me you had some sort of infestation in the cellars. Are you telling me I’m supposed to be conducting an investigation of your house guests?” “Oh, Gin, you didn’t.” Ron sighs. “I wasn’t sure she’d come if she knew!” Ginny throws up her hands, a slice of tomato dropping from her waving sandwich to the carpet. “Of course I would’ve come, you ridiculous creature.” Hermione deposits her crusts onto her plate. “But I would’ve brought my gun and I probably would’ve asked Blaise to accompany me.” “Who’s Blaise?” Ron asks. “The cousin I’ve been staying with in London. He was an intelligence officer. Plus he’s Sighted.” “Well, that would’ve been handy.” Ron turns to frown at Ginny, who’s determinedly finishing her sandwich. “We don’t need Blaise when we’ve got you, Harry, and Seamus,” Ginny insists. “Harry and Seamus?” “Harry Potter, Duke of Hereford and an old school friend of mine. Seamus is Mr. Finnigan. I do apologize, Hermione,” Ron says, turning unfairly pretty blue eyes on her. “I had no idea my sister lured you here under false pretenses.” Hermione blushes. “It’s quite alright, Ron. I know your sister well enough to be sure she meant well.” “Brilliant!” Ginny jumps to her feet and flashes Hermione her very brightest company smile. “Let’s get you changed so we can introduce you to all the witches and wizards who might’ve pilfered Dark artifacts from the catacombs, then.” Chapter 11 : That Post-War DS9 Garak/Bashir fic Summary: Because everyone who ships Garak/Bashir and writes fic has thought about writing their own post-series romantic epic. This was the start of mine. Julian Bashir first sets foot on Cardassia after the war. Julian’s hair starts to frizz the second he steps off the shuttle. The acrid scent of stone sealant lingers in the air, mixing with the pervasive, sooty damp of the city. The vibrant frescoes that should grace the walls are conspicuously absent, though battered scaffolding surrounds the unadorned columns lining the main concourse. Julian tugs at the stiff, high collar of his dress uniform and sighs. Most ports at least attempt Federation standards, but if Cardassia hasn’t painted they certainly can’t be bothered with environmental controls. The relative comfort of offworlders doesn’t rate when half the northern continent may starve come winter. “Dr. Bashir?” Julian blinks against a stinging drip of sweat and turns towards the unfamiliar voice. “Dr. Julian Bashir?” “Yes, hi.” Julian adjusts the strap of his medical bag where it’s slipping from his shoulder and manages a small smile. “That’s me.” The speaker’s Cardassian, a slim, sharp featured woman a head taller than Julian, though that’s not unusual. She’s the picture of polite disinterest when she extends a hand for Theo to shake. The gesture is, if not quite shocking, at least a moderate surprise. To think, Theo spent all that time practicing his bows of various depths for nothing. “Greetings and a blessing to your kin,” Julian says as cool fingers curl around his hand. The Cardassian woman looks unaffected by the heat in her layered sweaters. Julian refrains from rolling his uniform sleeves to his elbows and, with what little dignity he has left, pretends he isn’t doomed. It’s early spring. “Salutations and long life to yours, Doctor. Administrator Telem.” Telem releases Julian’s sweat damp hand with a nod. Julian knows more Cardassian anatomy than half the Starfleet Academy med staff put together, but still can’t begin to guess at Telem’s age. The thick, straight hair falling neatly to her collarbones is just going gray at the temples, but as far as Julian’s ever been able to tell that describes pretty much every Cardassian from early middle age to ‘older than the Empire.’ “A pleasure, Administrator.” “Minister Garak sends his regrets that he could not meet you in person. Things are busy in the capital, you understand, and he asked that I convey you to your lodgings at your earliest convenience.” Telem’s dark eyes take in Julian’s lone bag and bedraggled appearance in a brisk, assessing sweep. “He thought you might like a chance to freshen up before being dragged to the medical center in your traveling clothes.” And that has the smug, singsong quality of a direct Garak quote. The considerate asshole. “I would very much appreciate the chance to freshen up, yes.” Julian hurries to follow Telem’s long strides as she wends her way through the concourse. “Are you also a medical professional, Administrator?” “No, Doctor. I work for the provisional government. Once upon a time I was an academic, but administrative experience is thin on the ground these days.” Julian wonders if his translator is malfunctioning, because he’s been with Starfleet for over a decade and that’s the first time he’s heard someone use ‘once upon a time’ outside of his third-year Earth Literature course. “So how’d you get stuck with me?” Julian asks. If Julian didn’t know better, he would swear Telem’s lips twitch into a smile. “As a former professor of comparative literature I have a very slight advantage over my colleagues in human cultural understanding.” Telem continues out through the main spaceport doors, brown eyes crinkling at the corners in amusement and now Julian knows he’s being laughed at. He just doesn’t know if it’s good natured or not. “And it is a very great honor to assist a friend of the minister.” The morning air is a hot, unforgiving press that reminds Julian of sun-drenched summers with his mother’s friends Tía Marta and Tía Oksana on Invernia II. The climate is probably closer to his first Academy summer posting, a sleepy colony on Sirius IV, than the prados of Invernia II. Sirius IV is a muggy backwater best known for its horticultural diversity and its cart-pulling Hek’lim: twelve-legged insects that grow to the size of draft horses. Julian spent the assignment on Sirius IV swanning about in a modified dhotar, only changing into full gear for surgery, grateful that his CO and the locals couldn’t care less about grooming standards. Julian has yet to make peace with humidity. A season spent inoculating children and studying viral mutations couldn’t help him. “Please tell me my colleagues don’t think I’m best friends with their Prime Minister,” Julian pleads before he can think better of it. He bites his bottom lip and feels his cheeks flush hot. Garak would’ve laughed it off, but he lived offworld for so long he joked his sense of humor was irreversibly warped by ‘Federation nonsense.’ Telem laughs, her teeth a white flash against her skin. The noise is a bright burst of joy amidst the disquieting calm of the early morning streets. It’s high and musical and reminds Julian of the abbey bells on Rigel Prime. They echoed merrily around the cloisters as he walked from his quarters to the infirmary, an extra peal every morning there was fresh snow. “Minister Garak gave very specific instructions that no one at the medical center is to know of your previous acquaintance.” Telem’s severe features settle into a wide grin. “They will know you simply as an aid worker from the Starfleet.” “Which is what I am,” Julian replies, returning Telem’s toothy grin with one of his own. “You are one of very few humans who have volunteered for assignment to Cardassia Prime.” Telem waves a long-fingered hand to cut off Julian’s protest, expression turning grim. “I do not blame them. We have gone out of our way to make few friends amongst the Federation. We’re grateful for any assistance we might acquire. Simply an aid worker.” Telem’s eyes soften. “Judging by the minister’s stories, I would wager there is little chance of you being ‘simply’ anything, Doctor Bashir.” Julian snorts and swerves around an uneven gap in the flagstone walkway. “Telling tall tales, again, is he?” “I’m sure his tales were of a perfectly reasonable height.” Telem frowns, a wrinkle forming between her straight, black eyebrows. “I don’t think that translated properly.” “I’m not using a translator, Doctor.” “Oh. I’m sorry, I assumed -- ” “I’m one of very few fluent speakers on Cardassia.” Now that he’s listening for it, Julian can detect the gentle lilt of an accent, a hint too soft for the crisp consonants of translated Standard. “The minister thought it might be more comfortable for you to have someone with whom you could converse without the vagaries of technological…” She pauses. “I believe he said ‘snafu,’ though I was unable to find a translation.” “It’s, ah, one of the untranslatable words. For the sake of propriety, not clarity.” “Ah. ‘Colorful language.’” Telem shakes her head. “Perhaps you would prefer the technological vagaries.” “Oh, no. No! Truly, I appreciate your effort a great deal.” Julian smiles wide enough that the muscles in his cheeks start to hurt. “I’ve been trying to learn Cardassian, but I haven’t had a practice partner. I’ve mostly got a medical vocabulary and basic greetings.” “That is most admirable, Doctor.” Telem’s eyes crinkle again in the way Julian decides means she’s being laughed at. Goodnaturedly. “We’re here.” “Here?” “Your lodgings.” Julian turns to follow the long line of Telem’s outstretched arm and looks up and up and up. It’s the tallest structure left standing in this part of the city, perhaps the continent, though considering the Cardassian penchant for three story buildings that’s not saying overmuch. It’s seven or eight stories, composed of the same material as the rest of the remaining structures: honey-colored stone that, despite the intricate carvings of indigenous plant life, reminds Julian of nothing so much as Westminster. “Bit fancy for an itinerant medic, isn’t it?” Julian asks, once he’s found his voice again. “Perhaps,” Telem replies. She drops a keycard into Julian’s free hand and nods towards the entrance. “But it’s the only intact building with an open space in the same sector as your posting. The medical center is two blocks that way.” Telem points down a side street lined with Teflin trees, the purple flowers dotting their slender branches still wrapped in tight buds. “You’re on the second floor, room 247. I’ll be back in an hour, local,” Telem adds, “to escort you to work.” “I’m sure that’s not necessary. It’s only two blocks and you’ve already taken so much time out of your day to play tour guide.” “Perhaps it is not necessary,” Telem pats Julian on the shoulder, “but I will be back in an hour all the same. The water isn’t hot, but it’s running for another hour at least. We’re still rationing.” “Of course. Right. I’ll just go and.” Julian lifts his keycard and smiles before ducking inside, wondering when he reverted into an awkward teenager. The Federation relief effort is entirely comprised of volunteer personnel. They were the very young or very old members of the Fleet, with a scattering of accomplished officers and enlisted service members eager to help, or perhaps just eager for a chance to snag an early promotion. As such, all departments are abysmally understaffed, though the number of medical professionals was better than Julian had expected. That was good, since the majority of Cardassian doctors and nurses were conscripted and took heavy losses during the war with the Dominion. It would be years before the planet returned to pre-war levels of medical care. Chapter 12 : That Teen Wolf Witch AU Summary: So this takes place in a mostly-happy everybody lives AU where Stiles is a witch and a social work grad student with 2L law student Allison Argent for a roommate and Derek Hale for a pain-in-the-ass coven partner. Three weeks into his membership in the Black Hat Society, Local Chapter 4 of Spokane, Stiles Stilinski lies to his roommate about hooking up with a guy from his multicultural counseling class. “Seriously, Stiles?” Allison gives Stiles an unimpressed look over the top of her reading glasses, which is fair, because Allison is the one who helped Stiles break up with the last guy he dated in his master’s program. “Yeah,” Stiles says, ducking his head into the fridge so Allison can’t see her face. Stiles is pretty shit at lying in general, but he’s really shit at lying to Allison. “His name’s Derek.” He picks the name of the other new coven member to flesh out the cover story that will--hopefully--keep Allison from getting too suspicious when Stiles is wandering around at all hours with what would appear to the uninitiated as an overnight bag. Allison actually closes her Con Law outline, which has basically been attached to her face for the last week and a half. “ Seriously ?” And so maybe his last relationship with a classmate ended badly, what with the flying ‘tools of communicative engagement’ foam bats and accusations of ‘lack of emotional readiness in interpersonal relationships.’ And there was also the subsequent three days of crying, Stargate marathoning, and ice cream eating. Stiles is trying not to take Allison’s disappointed tone personally. “Yes, God, like Derek is so much worse than my name.” Stiles slams the fridge door shut and turns to Allison with his arms crossed over her chest. He’s never going to be very physically intimidating, what with being a fashion-challenged beanpole, but he’s been pretty frequently told he has an eminently punchable angry face. The scowl helps people believe he’s got a bad temper. Or something. That’s usually when Stiles starts tuning people out and counting to ten so he doesn’t curse them with unfortunately placed zits or hiccups that last for a week and a half. “Well, I hope he’s a good lay.” Allison shoves her glasses back up her nose, flipping her outline open once more. The study habits of 2Ls are frankly terrifying. “And if you bring her to Nerd Night you’re dead to me.” “Oh, wow, no.” Stiles laughs, picturing serious Derek Hale. He of the clinging henleys and skintight jeans and hand tailored slacks, with his love of botany and general dislike of all things fun or frivolous. Stiles can’t see Derek doing anything but turning his nose up at a night of sci-fi and fantasy movies or television followed by a few rounds of trash talk and cutthroat Mario Kart. “It’s not--we’re not--it’s just physical. We’re not, like, dating.” Allison snorts and tucks a few flyaways behind her ear. Without looking up from her outline she warns, “Just try not to fall into accidental feels territory, okay? You’re not a terrible roommate. And you’re an ugly crier.” “Thanks, Allison.” Stiles crosses the kitchen and snags an apple from the wooden fruit bowl nestled between the tea chest and the kettle. “I’ll be sure not to fall in love so I don’t inconvenience you with my hideous face and gross feelings.” “See that you don’t.” Stiles can’t see her from this angle, but he’s pretty sure Allison is smirking. -- “No, Amona.” Stiles turns up the volume on his earbuds with one hand while he frantically stirs Derek’s potion with the other. “I can’t--I’m really busy with my internship and my classes right now. I can’t come for Aitona’s birthday this weekend.” “Stir faster,” Derek hisses, tossing a precisely chopped handful of something green and vaguely potato-like and, oh gross , oozing into the pot bubbling between them. “Is it a boy?” Amona Dorothea asks suspiciously. “Because you know we don’t care that you’re gay, sweetheart, we just want to see you more. And if he makes you happy, we’d love to meet--” “I’m bi, not gay. And I appreciate your support, but not everything is about my love life. Actually, pretty much nothing is about my love life, because my love life is pretty much nonexistent.” The potion’s starting to make a rather alarming whistling sound. Derek’s eyes are wide as he flicks frantically between the pot and the fading black ink of the Hangul spidering across the grimoire pages. “I swear, it’s just a busy time at school, so--” From about a foot away Derek snarls, “It’s not supposed to be this steamy this fast, Stiles!” Amona says, “School, huh?” in a frankly lecherous tone for a seventy-year-old grandmother. “That’s just my study partner.” Stiles shoves the spoon into Derek’s hand and steps away from the table. Be quiet , he mouths, gesturing wildly at his earbuds and almost knocking a jar of something that looks way too much like eyeballs onto the floor. “We’re doing a role play exercise for our marriage and family counseling class,” he adds, righting the possibly eyeball-filled jar with a sigh. Derek is doing something very judgy with his unfairly flawless eyebrows--does he get them threaded, or something?--as he drops three more handfuls of various icky-looking planty things into the pot. His long fingered hands deftly stir the mixture in counterclockwise circles. The potion stops whistling almost immediately, though it’s still spitting up wisps of purple steam with soft belching noises. “What are you doing studying this late on a Sunday?” “Oh, sorry, Amona.” Stiles draws a quick rune on the butcher block countertop in some of Derek’s leftover green ooze and the room fills with an obnoxious whooping noise. “That’s the fire alarm. The neighbors must’ve burned popcorn, again. Gotta go!” He hangs up and breaks the rune by trailing her thumb in an X through the rune. When Stiles sighs and turns back to the potion, Derek is watching him with the vaguely constipated expression he gets whenever confronted with people having visible emotions. It isn’t that different from how Derek normally looks--the phrase ‘resting bitch face’ was invented for the purposes of defining that look--but Stiles is becoming fluent in Derek microexpressions out of pure self defense. “Sorry,” Stiles says, only just stopping himself from running his ooze-covered hand through his hair. He wipes it on his jeans instead, only slightly unsettled by the sizzling sound that rises from the fabric. “It took four years of undergrad and the first year of my master’s to learn not to avoid my grandmother’s calls.” “Everything taken care of?” Derek probably means are you ready to be a competent assistant, now, because so far you’ve been worthless with this whole ‘let’s brew a protection potion to better ward the Children’s Center’ business , and the answer to that is hell no, because it takes a lot of sugar and booze for Stiles to return to moderately functional adulthood after speaking to anyone in her family. “Absolutely!” Stiles nods, plastering a wide smile on his face. Say what you want about modern day witchcraft and mild vigilantism (“We do what’s required for the good of the city,” Derek always says, like he’s Batman, or like the good of a few hundred thousand people is sufficient excuse for giving corrupt officials tails or setting the house of a drug dealer alight with unquenchable flames), at least it’s not a birthday party for Stiles’ grandfather and eighty-four of his closest friends from the Basque community center down in Boise. Derek’s mouth twists in a way that makes Stiles think he doesn’t buy Stiles’ bullshit for a second. But Derek gives him the courtesy of pretending Stiles is an actual grownup and motions her back to the table with a flick of one of those distractingly elegant, long fingered hands. -- Stiles is in the middle of carving concealment and befuddlement runes in the lintels and window frames of an abandoned building two blocks south of the Benewah Milk Bottle, i.e. the shadiest of the shady parts of Riverside, when his phone starts ribbiting on the stepladder below him. “And who’s this?” Jennifer Blake, former Black Hat turned much less mild magical vigilante, asks, frowning at Stiles’ smartphone. “Allison Argent would like to inform you that the frat bros next door are using your designated parking space.” She raises one perfectly arched brow and Stiles maybe hates how gorgeous she is. You know. For an evil witch. “Again.” “ Assholes .” Stiles drives his knife into the wood above him with more force than strictly necessary. He’s still terrified that Jennifer's gonna flip her shit and murder him, but it would be nice if just once the douchebags next door could tell their buddies to use the street parking instead of taking up his spot so he doesn’t have to walk three blocks alone in the dark. It’s common courtesy . “If they’re still there when I get home I’m going to ward my spot so any car that isn’t my Jeep will spontaneously combust if it stays there for more than five minutes.” Jennifer laughs, an oily chuckle that sends unpleasant waves of animal fear down Stiles’ back. It makes it a bit easier to ignore how unfairly gorgeous she is. “Are you nearly finished, youngling?” And wow, youngling , that makes it a hell of a lot easier. “I’m working as fast as I can, but this is normally a two witch job. If you maybe want to lend a hand?” “I think not, Mr. Stilinski,” Jennifer says, lips curling into a smile that’s gonna feature pretty prominently in Stiles’ nightmares if he ever gets another chance to, you know, complete a REM cycle. “Runes are not my speciality. And all of my attention’s on making sure you don’t slip in anything...untoward.” “If you wanted reliable labor for your super secret lair of evilness you probably shouldn’t rely on kidnapees.” Stiles squints in the dim light, careful to add the little tail on the end of this door’s final rune. “Just saying.” “You swore to protect the people of Spokane when you joined the Society.” Jennifer’s eyes follow Stiles as he moves the stool beneath one of the mullioned windows and starts the whole process again. “You were perfectly sincere, I could tell, and I am, of course, one of the people of Spokane you swore to protect, Mr. Stilinski.” “Would you stop butchering my last name, already?” Stiles asks through gritted teeth. His hands are getting really sweaty and he’s trembling from the excess adrenaline and he’s having trouble keeping his grip on the knife. “It’s like stuh-linn-ski. Not that hard.” Stiles’ phone ribbits again, now clasped in Jennifer’s tidily manicured hands. “Allison is sending a very tersely worded e-mail to your landlord.” “Of course she is.” Chapter 13 : That 100 Modern Hospital AU Summary: This was going to be a modern AU where everyone either worked at the 17th Precinct or the hospital, mostly focusing on Dr. Clarke Griffin and Detective Bellamy Blake, with a side order of Nurse Octavia hitting on Sergeant Lincoln. Clarke is sitting across the table from the detective the 17th sent over to take her statement. He introduces himself, and while she shakes his hand she tries to blink away the slip clinging to her vision. A belligerent voice in her head that sounds like Raven wonders 'what the hell kind of name is Bellamy Blake?' It is a little 'without the glasses I'm no longer a mild mannered reporter,' but her name’s Clarke Griffin, so. Clarke blinks and tugs off her scrub cap. She meets Blake's serious gaze across the break room table. 'Sorry. I've been awake for thirty hours, I've had three DOAs tonight--including a fifteen year old kid--and the coffee machine's broken.' Clarke shakes her hair loose from its bun, blonde curls forming a wild halo around her face as she yawns. 'Mind running that past me again?' 'This can wait until tomorrow, Dr. Blake,' Detective Blake says, tucking a small notebook into the interior pocket of his suit jacket. 'Griffin!' he corrects. His eyes are dark and wide, strangely magnified by the reading glasses still perched on his freckled nose. He snatches the glasses off his face and stares down at them, cheeks flushing. 'Dr. Griffin, this can wait until we've been to bed. Separately! Until you and I have gone to our separate beds and slept in them. Alone. Or with your significant other if you have one. Uh, obviously.' 'Clarke.' 'Sorry?' Blake looks up from the glasses he's nearly broken with his hand wringing. 'Yes. You said that already.' Clarke smiles, trying and failing to find the flustered detective anything but adorable. 'You can call me Clarke, since the Griffin part seems to be tripping you up.' 'Call me Bellamy, then. Do you have someone to take you home, Clarke? Not to be presumptuous,' he tucks his glasses into the same pocket as his notebook, 'but if you've been awake that long you probably shouldn't be driving.' 'I really shouldn't,' Clarke agrees. It's incredibly unfair that Bellamy is even more attractive without the glasses. He's got great bone structure and Clarke's always had a thing for freckles. 'I was gonna nap in an on call room until I was good to go.' 'I'd be happy to give you a lift, if you'd rather sleep in your own bed,' Bellamy offers. 'I know how shitty those mattresses are.' 'From personal experience?' Clarke raises amused brows at that. 'I used to crash out for an hour or two when my sister was finishing shifts on her ER rotation.' Bellamy's voice goes soft and fond at the mention of his sister. 'I hate to have her walking alone after dark in this part of town. Do you know Nurse Blake?' 'You're O's brother?' Clarke smiles. 'She's one of our best nurses. Knows what I need before I do half the time. It's like she's in my brain or something.' 'She's said good things.' Bellamy grins back. 'You're apparently 'way more competent than most of those uptight dickbags,' if you'll pardon the French, ma'am.' 'I don't remember dickbags coming up much in French class, but that sounds like Octavia,' Clarke laughs, standing to dig her coat and purse out of her locker. 'I'd be happy to take you up on the ride, but you have to let me buy you a coffee sometime as a thank you.' 'Oh, you really don't have to--' 'Don't make me talk you into a coffee date right now,' Clark begs, tugging at her uncooperative coat. 'You're really cute and very unlikely to turn out to be a serial killer or a flasher or something equally terrible. Plus, my coat seems to have turned on me. And I'm mostly asleep right now.' 'Done.' Bellamy stands, taking the coat away and carefully threading her arms through the sleeves. 'But I'm taking ruthless advantage of your addled state to say dinner instead of coffee,' he says as he fastens the top button of her pea coat. 'Done,' Clarke agrees, smiling up at him. 'I like your freckles.' 'Good, because I haven't found anything that gets rid of them, yet,' Bellamy laughs, steering her out the break room door. Chapter 14 : That Fake Dating Star Trek AU Summary: A weird little AU where Bones grew up in space and is paranoid about all the germs and disasters that happen on planets. Jim talks him into being his fake date to Sam's wedding on Earth, or he would've if I'd written that bit. “Not a chance in hell am I going to be your damn date to your brother’s wedding,” Bones says, not lifting his gaze from the PADD clutched in his left hand. “Oh, come on,” Jim pleads. He makes a half-hearted attempt to push away Bones' scanner, which earns him the Disappointed in All of Your Life Choices look that Bones perfected in the first hour of their reacquaintance at the Academy. Jim sighs and slumps back against the biobed’s raised back. “It’ll be like a free vacation!” Bones snorts, still examining the live readouts the biobed and scanner are sending to his PADD. “Cadet Kirk.” He flashes Jim a crooked smile when he scowls up at Bones. “Do you know how many dangerous diseases and potential disasters lie lurking on that spinning mudball you call a planet?” “Five percent fewer than the Federation average?” Jim replies, tone syrupy sweet. Then it’s Bones’ turn to scowl. He tucks the scanner into his pants pocket and sets aside the PADD. “Very funny.” His calloused fingers tilt Jim’s chin up, brisk, but gentle even in his irritated state. He feels beneath Jim’s jaw and then back around his hairline with his brow furrowed in concentration. “Your lymph nodes aren’t swollen, but I’m still a little worried about -- ” “My readings were fine, weren’t they, Dr. Worries-Too-Much?” Jim raises an eyebrow as Bones’ hands drop to his sides. “That’s Dr. McCoy, Cadet Doesn’t-Worry-Enough and I give up, that’s terrible, Jim.” Bones nudges Jim’s legs out of the way until there’s enough room for him to sit on the edge of the biobed. “And your readings were relatively close to your decidedly screwy baseline, but not ideal. You’re not sleeping enough and your sugar intake’s too high.” "I promise to skip the cake at the reception if you come with me." "Dammit, Jim." Chapter 15 : That 100 Supernatural Academia/Law Enforcement AU Summary: This was going to be a kind of fish-out-of-water fic, where Clarke's the savvy government agent tasked with Classics Professor Bellamy's protection when Octavia's kidnapped on an undercover assignment. Bellamy is wrapping up his final class of the semester--his Agrippina the Elder Was Terrifying and Awesome lecture for Classics 152: The Construction of Gender and Sexuality in Rome--when he spots her. She’s not a student, but she’s not from the department or the dean’s office, either. And yes, really, he’d know. He never forgets a student’s face and the last seven months were spent in the agonizing and largely futile quest to drum up funds for the Classics and Archaeology Clubs. He’s ingratiated himself to everyone from the lowliest admin up. Not much luck on the funding front, but he gets priority on his copy requests, now. Plus, Margaret in Records makes a mean cup of cocoa. Bellamy smiles and finishes his lecture on autopilot, eyes flicking to the diminutive blonde standing behind the last row of desks. Either she slipped in partway through the lecture or she came in under a Don’t Notice Me. Bellamy barely registers a 2 on the Mori-Gottlieb Scale, so a DNM is possible, but the university has pretty heavy warding on campus to prevent accidents. Well, that and cheating. Bellamy blinks and his students are gone, forgoing the usual end of term chats and hand shaking. He doesn’t even hear any of them lingering in the hallway. A glance at the lectern shows that he’s already tucked his notes and whiteboard markers into his backpack. Bellamy blinks again and the blonde is standing less than two feet away. “Dr. Blake?” He should probably be more startled, but his nervous system seems to have been replaced with syrup. Everything feels slow and easy and the unfamiliar warmth hums through his veins while he looks down at his uninvited guest. She’s shorter than he would’ve guessed, maybe a little taller than his sister, with blue eyes and wavy hair pulled back in a sensible braid. Her leather jacket is thrown over a long tunic that skims the top of her denim clad thighs. The flat heeled boots on her feet are the precise color and texture as the jacket. It’s understated and quietly expensive; her whole look would scream classy if it wasn’t too well bred to raise its voice. She looks...not wrong. Well, a little wrong, because she’s a touch too old and too beautiful and she appeared out of nowhere. She looks distinctly out of place in a rundown lecture hall at the state school where Bellamy’s spent the last five years struggling against budgets cuts and trying to increase interest in keeping the Classics alive. She should be in the pages of a society magazine or strolling across the quad of some ivy-covered campus where tuition would be more than Bellamy spends on rent in a year. “That’s me,” Bellamy manages, finally, still feeling slow and warm and knowing he should be more freaked out than he is. “You’re not exactly what I was expecting,” she says, tilting her head to the side with a small smile. “Expecting somebody a little older? Less devastatingly handsome? Less skilled in whiteboard marker juggling?” Her smile blooms into a wide grin, showcasing rows of straight, white teeth and bringing out a painfully adorable dimple on her left cheek. “Shorter, actually.” She extends her right hand. “Clarke Griffin. You’re at least a head taller than Octavia.” “You’re friends with O?” Bellamy shakes Clarke’s hand. It’s almost enough to make him shake the slow, heavy feeling in his limbs, nearly enough for the itching feeling at the back of his skull to broadcast that something is quite definitely off . “We worked together when I was in Chicago. I promised I’d look you up when I told her I was transferring to our Seattle office.” Clarke drops his hand. “I hate to impose, but I’m afraid I have something rather urgent to discuss with you. Is your office nearby?” “Uh, yeah. Sure. I’m down on the ground floor. Is this about O?” “Sort of. We probably shouldn’t talk here.” Clarke’s eyes flick from the wall of windows behind the lectern and back to Bellamy’s face. “Your office? Now?” -- So maybe Clarke was expecting somebody a little older and less devastatingly handsome when she took this assignment. She definitely hadn’t expected tiny Octavia Blake’s brother to be this gorgeous, with a head of messy dark curls and warm brown skin liberally sprinkled with freckles. He’s rocking the rumpled professor look; his tie is pulled a little loose and his shirtsleeves are rolled up to his elbows, baring an unfairly appealing expanse of leanly muscled forearm. Clarke actually let out a groan when she’d slipped into the classroom under the cover of her strongest DNM and had seen him, smiling, his thick black glasses doing nothing to hide the way his brown eyes crinkle at the corners. Bellamy Blake is really hot, is what she’s saying. Normally? Not a problem. The thing is, she has less than twenty minutes to get him back to the office if she wants to keep the chances of one of them getting shot--and/or kidnapped--to a minimum. The sacrifices she makes for this job are seriously endless. Chapter 16 : That 100 Mars Mission AU Summary: In this one a 'The Martian'-esque expedition manned by our 100 crew runs into trouble not from a storm, but from a decidedly inorganic something picked up on their scanners. It’s just gone 3 a.m. in Houston and Maya Vie is totally getting fired for this shit. “I’m not saying you’re wrong,” Maya says into her headset. She’s using the most patient voice she can manage while handling a crisis so far above her pay-grade she doesn’t have the clearance to know it exists, “It’s just that what you’re saying doesn’t make any sense, Commander Blake.” While waiting for Bellamy to respond, damn the five minute delay, Maya scrolls through the data dump the Juno 2 crew sent ten minutes ago. Maya already left her supervisor three voice mails, sent Fox and Harper fifteen texts apiece, and she seriously can’t believe NASA left her alone with just the bots manning the ETHOS and SPARTAN desks. The next time Atom calls in hungover for the night shift she’s putting his ass in a sling. Or she will, if she still has a job after this fiasco. “Understood, Dr. Vie,” Bellamy replies, his words clipped, no pretense at patience. Maya stares slack-jawed as the picture files start cascading across her monitors. She’d shut off the 24/7 livestream broadcasting the mostly-dull-to-observers activities of Mission Control after the first comm from the Juno 2 crew. She sends her thanks to Saint Dominic that she hit the kill switch because she knows for a fact that some nerds actually watch that. Nerds like her dad. Maya normally waves at the cameras when she comes on or off shift. “But as you can see from the photographs, this is not one of Dr. Jordan’s ill-advised ‘little green men’ jokes.” Maya fumbles for her desk phone with her eyes still on the pictures from the Mars bot cameras. She’s only partially aware of the phone ringing. Half of her awareness is still listening to Jasper bitch about how his jokes are the pinnacle of astronaut humor, peak Martian hilarity, thank you very much, Commander Stick-in-the-Mud. “This is Dr. Maya Vie, CRONUS desk in FCR1,” Maya says, voice steady and hands shaking. “We’ve got a situation that’s going to need Director Jaha’s immediate attention. And page Mars mission director Kaine, Juno 2 mission director Griffin, and the rest of the Juno 2 department heads. Yes. Yes, I do mean wake Director Jaha up. Yes, now. Trust me, sir. He’ll want to see this. Yes. Correct. Thank you.” # Monty is dreaming about making songpyeon with Aunt Cora. He and Dad stayed with her in Melbourne whenever Mom’s unit was deployed, and she taught Monty everything he knows about food. Monty’s just getting to the fun part, stuffing the rice cakes with their sticky sweet filling, when Nate wakes him. Nate’s gentle about it, like always, running one calloused hand down the goose pimpled flesh of Monty’s left arm. Monty’s never managed the trick of keeping all his limbs under the blankets while he sleeps and the artificial habitat isn’t exactly toasty. A bleary glance at his bunk chronometer indicates he went to bed four hours ago. He laments the lost dream-taste of spiced nuts and honey, which he hasn’t tasted since the Chuseok five years ago. Space makes him miss the weirdest shit. “It’s way too early.” Monty groans and buries his head under his pillow. He’s been more or less attached to Nathan Miller’s side since they were the Space Studies wunderkinds at Heidelberg back in the late ‘30s. That totally entitles Monty to rudely dismiss Nate when there are three hours before Monty’s shift even starts. “Sleepy time, Doc. Climb in if you want, but I’m not getting up, yet.” “Sorry, Greenie.” Monty sits on the edge of the narrow bunk with a sigh. His voice is soft, still familiarly gravel-rough with sleep and, worse, worried. Monty reaches out and gives his hand a reassuring squeeze. The only things Nate worries about are: solar radiation, dust storms, the Canadian hockey team’s chances at Worlds, and the health of the crew. Monty pulls his pillow away from his face to see Nate’s usually grinning mouth pulled into a thin, strained line. “Commander needs everyone in kitchen for meeting. Sleep clothes are fine. Come on.” “Alright, love,” Monty agrees. He releases Nate’s hand, scrambling upright to rake a hand through his inky, sleep-rumpled hair. “It’s okay, Nate.” The rest of the crew are circled around the battered Juno 1 workstation they’ve repurposed as the Igloo’s kitchen table. Everyone is bleary eyed, haphazardly dressed, and white knuckling their coffee when Monty stumbles in after Nate. “Sweet as, Commander.” Monty accepts the steaming mug Bellamy shoves into his hands without spilling it on himself. It’s a minor miracle, since he’s wearing a t-shirt he stole from Nate, the vintage Team Canada Crosby one from the Sochi Olympics. He downs half his coffee in one long gulp before eyeing Bellamy, guiltily. “ Thanks , Commander.” Bellamy snorts, but nods. “You’re welcome. Alright, crew. Approximately twenty minutes ago, we received an alert from one of the perimeter bots about a path obstruction.” He looks around the table with those steady, brown eyes of his, and it may be the sudden caffeine infusion, but Monty’s nerves start jangling. “After dispatching a second bot to assist, we received an alert that they were not able to remove the obstruction in tandem. Reyes,” Bellamy nods at Raven, their robotics specialist and systems operator, “was alerted by the second alarm. She woke me when the bots sent us these images.” Bellamy swipes his tablet with an efficient flick of a forefinger and four images appear on the kitchen table’s surface. Monty leans over the table, careful not to spill any of his precious, precious coffee. “Hey, is that--” “Shit,” Dr. Griffin breathes, torn between terror and exhilaration. “Raven, can you enhance this image?” She points at the picture closest to Monty and Nate. “Can do, EarthSci girl.” Raven takes Bellamy’s offered tablet, fingers flying over the surface as the picture grows and rotates on the table. After a minute’s rapid tapping the image sharpens and the crew leans in. “Well. It’s as good as we’re gonna get without goin’ out for a stroll.” “That,” Clarke says, pointing at a perfectly spherical white object perched several meters downhill from the bot’s camera lens, “is not natural.” “See,” Monty smiles blandly, “this is why we brought along a geologist.” Chapter 17 : That 100 Time Traveling Halfway House AU Summary: A short snippet of another time travel AU, again with Bellamy and Clarke, though this one was basically about a sort of halfway house for people who've been secretly traveling through time. 1301 River Birch Lane is a garishly pink Victorian monster--‘a beautiful example of American Queen Anne Style, you heathen’--perched atop a hill on the southern edge of town. The paperwork on file at the county courthouse says the place is in trust of the Hank Morgan Foundation. There are never fewer than five people living in the sprawling mansion, though it’s rare for the number to creep over ten. They’re always youngish, grad student types, and while the neighborhood doesn’t have a lot of students it’s close enough to campus that they don’t stand out as much as the probably should. The house and grounds are kept in rather astonishingly good repair. Its residents are polite and don’t throw loud parties, so most folks write the place off as an oddity. They’re wrong to do so. The first time Clarke sets foot in 1301, she’s greeted by the sound of maniacal laughter. A slender brunette bolts past Clarke and down the porch steps to the front drive, gleefully shouting, "You’ll never catch me alive!" over her shoulder as she darts towards the side of the house. Soon this will be par for the course, but for now Clarke blinks up at the unfairly attractive man skidding to a halt on the exquisitely hand-crafted tiles of the foyer floor. He looks past her out the front door, shoves a hand roughly through his dark, shower damp hair, and crosses his arms over his bare chest. “You must be the new guy,” he says, brown eyes studying her for a long moment. She’s a bit distracted by all that tan, freckled skin stretched over toned muscles. “Uh, yeah. Dr. Griffin.” Clarke drops her overstuffed duffel and extends a hand. “You can call me Clarke.” His wet feet squeak on the tile as he steps forward to shake hands. “We’re pretty much all doctors. Except O.” He nods out the still-open front door, so Clarke guesses ‘O’ is the cackling brunette. “I’m Bellamy Blake. Raven already added you to the chore chart in the kitchen. We do our own laundry and cooking except for weekday dinners and turns going to the dry cleaners. Can you cook?” Clarke shakes her head. “No big. You just get stuck with dish duty. We’ve got you set up in Echo’s old room. Head up these stairs to the third floor. You’re the fourth door down the left hand side. You’ve got an en suite, so you’re not sharing a bathroom with anybody. Nobody else is home right now, so feel free to poke about the place. Now you’ll have to excuse me, I have to go kill my sister.” Clarke's not really sure what she expected when Wells told her she should move into a house full of fellow time travelers, but this wasn't it.