–- “You think we lost them?” They collapse against the door as Rey nods her assent mutely between gasps of breath. Poe sheds his flight jacket and does a quick security check. The Resistance safe house is small and sparse: desk and a chair, a small bed, tiny med bay in the corner, even tinier refresher. No windows, no holocommunicators. As he paces the room he runs both of his hands through his hair, making it stick up comically. Rey allows herself a small, private grin. “Beebee-Ate will be fine,” she assures him. “He’ll find Finn and get the data to… To General Organa.” ( Aunt Leia , her heart wants to say. But it feels too intimate still, somehow. Like she hasn’t earned it . Not yet.) “I know,” Poe gives her a quick, warm smile. “To be honest, it’s not him I’m most worried about.” Rey frowns. Poe never worries. Her frown deepens when she catches the thought. How would I know that? Nevertheless, the idea unsettles her. - “You’re bleeding,” she realizes. Despite her exhaustion, she’s instantly on her feet. Poe glances down at the bloom of red spreading on the off-grey shirt. “Oh, just a scratch,” he says, but Rey is already negotiating with the ancient FX unit in the corner. “No, no. I can do it myself,” she replies gently to its concerned beeps. “And you?” She turns to Poe with a mock-glare. “You sit down.” “Yes, ma’am,” he grins. It doesn’t take long to dig out the shrapnel from his upper chest and apply the bacta patch, but the adrenaline crash is making them both weary and self-conscious. The air between them crackles with uneasy energy. Rey keeps her eyes firmly on the task at hand and Poe tries not to flinch (her hands are steady but her touch tingles ) - or stare. Her freckles are much more pronounced up close, and there are bits of gold and green in her brown eyes. Like stardust. But he knew that, didn’t he? “Do you remember how we met?” She looks a little startled at first, but then grins. “How could I forget?” Somehow the memory of the joyful, spontaneous embrace makes them both slightly more at ease. “I never thanked you for looking after Beebee-Ate, did I? I’m sorry.” She glances up at him and smiles. “No need. But you’re welcome.” “There. All done.” She gives his shoulder an awkward pat and stands up. Suddenly the room feels very small again. - “The bacta and the blood loss can make you a little woozy, so… you should probably lie down.” Poe is indeed starting to feel a little light-headed, but not for the first time he notices her trembling hands and the signs of exhaustion on her face. “What about you?” Both are suddenly very aware of the single, narrow bed in the room. She folds her arms and looks at the floor to avoid the concern in his eyes. “We need to take turns anyway. It’s not safe.” “We both need rest. You need rest,” he tells her gently. “You threw an entire blast door at them. Jedi or not, that can’t have been easy.” She rolls her eyes but her expression softens. “I can nap on the gurney, or meditate. You’re injured. You sleep.” He wants to protest, but his eyelids feel like lead. “Tell you what. You win.” His speech is already slurring. “But wake me up in an hour, okay?” “Okay,” she promises, but he’s already out of it. - She pulls the thin, worn blanket over him and considers pulling off his boots as well. Better not, we’re not in the clear yet. For a moment she just stands in the middle of the room, unsure what to do, then impulsively grabs the discarded flight jacket from the chair. Its weight is familiar on her shoulders as she wraps it around herself and sits on the floor at the foot of the bed. She closes her eyes and breathes deep. “Emotion, yet peace. Ignorance, yet knowledge…” Soon only soft snores fill the dimly lit room. She smiles. –-