Chapter I It’s about 2 in the morning. You’re taking your yearly First Order tests. A burning house stands in front of you, and your feet are digging into the cool sand of Jakku. “What do you do?” the hooded man in front of you teases. He’s awful, cruel, but you can’t do anything. If you do, you’ll get sent straight to the top- to Kylo Ren. He’ll send you as a spy to the resistance. You could bluff your way out of this one, maybe tantalize him with more secrets. Maybe secrets about Darth Vader. Vader. You don’t realize it, but a tear is crawling down your cheek. Not only from the heat of the moment but from the word. Your memory often fails you, but there is one thing you recall. “Vader, Vader!” a girl with bright red curls, your adopted sister, squeals. She was rescued off of a planet that was destroyed by the enemy. You don’t who “The Enemy” is. “No, Daffodil, call him Father,” your mother corrects. You’re five again. You live in constant fear of everything, and right now you’re hidden in a pile of blankets, a daily occurrence, but you can still make out the figure clothed in a tan robe, with a cylinder of metal at his side. He’s a Jedi with a family, although illegal, it was allowed because your father is the strongest in centuries, or so he says. His talent will manifest itself in you, and his talent is worth breaking the rules to keep, as you’ve been told. His face, although wrinkled, has the definite dimples that pronounce him as a kind man and your father, but he’s not smiling now. Your father’s name is Obi-Wan Kenobi, you know that without a doubt. “They’re coming. Take Ali, Luna. Daffy, say goodbye to your brother.” he says. “What about you and Daffy, Daddy?” you ask. “I can save us,” is his only response, and you want to believe him, but you just can’t. You’re yanked away from him. A tear rolls down your cheek, and the memory ends. “Well, what do you do, AK-Forty-One Ten? Fight?” he says in a teasing voice. You take a breath and say, “I check who’s in the building. Our allies, save them. Enemies or anyone else? Let them burn.” The nod of the man confirms that you’re right. To tell the truth, you thought that up. But let him believe you’ve memorized the books. You’ve been “programmed” from when you were 6 since you were captured from Jakku. You should have memorized that. But… what if this wasn’t in the books? Was it a Test? Are they trying to figure out if you can think your way out of the ground? Well, clearly you can, and you smirk at the man. Testers have such a low position in the hierarchy of the First Order, and you’re feeling bad for him. Not feeling. Emotions are a weakness. You take a breath and walk into the building, memories igniting inside you. This is where you grew up, you know that. No bit of programming can alter that. This is cruel, so evil. You push past the memories, about to scream, “Mom! Dad?”, but you ignore them, and shout, “Hail the Order!”, a common phrase used to find Order Members. “Hail the Order?” is the response, and you leave the building, for the correct answer was, “Hail!”, standard knowledge, and guilt’s washing over you. That might have been your mother. You avoid the pain and step out to the man. He smiles, as a TIE fighter lands, empty. “You’ve just become a captain,” he says sweetly, a bit of jealousy in his voice. You doubt him. Surely it can’t be that easy. “Oh shut up,” you say, “AKs never move up. We’re elite enough, as they say.” But then a figure moves out of the shadows and you gasp, your breath lost. He’s wearing a helmet, a metal cylinder at his side. “AK-4110, this is not a joke,” he says. You widen your eyes in shock, realizing that this man is Kylo Ren, and freeze. “General Kenobi,” Ren says to you, trying to get your attention, venom in his voice. You’re confused, as the name you’re used to is AK-4110. “General Kenobi?” you ask, wondering why you’ve skipped over the rank of a captain, and remembering that Kenobi is a force-sensitive family, from your studies as a member of the elite AK troops. “Yes, you’re force-sensitive. Why would we have taken an interest in you? Tell me, Kenobi.” “But… I thought that the Kenobi's were our enemies? And isn’t 22 awfully young?” “Your father was a wonderful man. Jedis denied him the right to marry. So he joined our legions with the woman he was in love with. And, no. I was 22.” You decide not to continue the topic of age, knowing that you aren’t supposed to keep track of any time. “You knew him?” “Yes, I did. Shame he died.” There’s a murderous glint in your eyes, but you gulp it down like you’re used to. “Does this mean I can take off the helmet?” “Yes, it does, General.” “My parents- How?” “Resistance killed them. They couldn’t run, they were boxed in.” “Where?” “That house. You were five or six.” “What about Daffy? He looks at you strangely. “Joined the Resistance. Organa's adopted child.” Ren says the last part like he wants to kill Daffodil. “Does… The Resistance want me dead?” “Yes.” That yes says it all, and you shut yourself up. You ask, quietly, “Can I go back to the base?” “Of course.” Obviously, you’re trained by Ren, occasionally talking with Supreme Leader Snoke. You’re as powerful as Ren, more, because where his power comes from the force impregnating his great-grandmother, yours comes from generations of Jedis. And, in the year that follows, you start to develop a pessimistic crush on someone. He’s your only friend, the only other human. The days he takes off his helmet… If Ren wasn’t the handsome idiot he is, instead of a beautiful girl, you’d be allowed to court him. But, alas, he’s stuck, and your emotions are limited to friendship. There’s a way to make him less uptight. Well, you were limited, until that fatal day of strangling. In the morning, you walked out of the dorms, to the training room, filled with weapons and stones to levitate. “Snoke wants to practice strangling people,” Ren says to you. “Oh, fucking joy!” “Loose the snarkiness.” “It’s wonderful, and it’s actually sarcasm.” “He wants me to take you around and teach you how to strangle random people.” “Can I strangle you first?” “No, but I see that you want a demonstration!” Ren exclaims, a glint in his eyes. He shouts out into the hallway, “I need a volunteer!” A short ‘trooper walks into the room, and immediately is lifted into the air, and looks as if he’s having a hard time breathing. You start laughing, a hiccupy sort of laugh and Ren joins in. You’ve never heard him laugh before. All your senses are on high alert, your mind’s spinning, you can’t believe it. He’s so formal most of the time and your emotions betray you, you lean into him, maybe expecting to use him as something to keep you upright, but no, suddenly his lips are on yours and he’s kissing you. You relax into his grip, all the worries, everything, just falling away. Your breath is somewhere, taken away from you, and you don’t care. Fuck. “That was awkward,” you say, starting to retreat into yourself. You start to walk out of the training room, before you’re stopped by Ren. “I’m usually eloquent, but I’ll say this straight out. I have a crush on you.”