White Lies The men of the First Order were tough combatants dedicated to their cause, so much so that sometimes they forgot they had a life. Work and discipline were the main reasons for their existence although their dignity was sometimes more than smudged. They preached a coveted way of life, envied for many even if their personal acts weren't as clean as their reputation. These men, known men with important charges on their backs, most had a double life outside their homes, an open secret that was better not to disclose. How could they resist those exotic women who offered everything because they had nothing to lose? They just had to be cautious, space and time would make the rest. But all this hierarchy started from white lies fell when Commandant Brendol Hux put in the arms of his wife a bastard son who came from the womb of a woman of ill repute, the child of a mother who was left bleeding to death in a dark brothel of some unknown suburb. Or almost that's what the voices said. The betrayed wife had screamed at the nightmare in front of her eyes as she felt her stomach churn in horror. She wanted to rip out her hair one by one, to scratch her skin slowly so she could release the throbbing pain in her chest. Who could he have touched another woman who wasn't her? How could he have been so selfish with the person who gave her whole self to him? The boy was undeniably his son; with the same pale skin and hair made of flames. The same flames growing inside of her as time passed, burning her guts and making her ever darker. Coralia had hated the child since the very first day she saw those sad, green eyes opened and she had never felt and inch of pity in her frozen heart for him, the living proof of an eternal betrayal made flesh and bone. She hoped for a day to come when her husband would confess the red haired boy wasn't his son, that he was some helpless child he found on a mission and he felt the pull to protect him. But the day never came and, as the infant grew, it was more obvious that Hux's blood flowed through his veins. They shared the same gait, the way they moved their hands while talking, even the nose tic Brendol had when he was nervous. Not a single word or a kind gesture was made to him from her, not even when he was two years old and a fever nearly killed him. The one and only time in her life she felt something more than hate for him. "Poor child" was all she thought, but didn't move a single finger to help the boy recover. Three years after the birth of the misbegotten, all of her dreams became true when after many tries she felt the warmth of pregnancy on her insides. A girl, a beautiful and pure girl with blue eyes and dark hair inherited from Vrontir's lineage, her lineage. She would be the rose of the Hux empire, the one who would bring back honor to a nearly broken family. She would have all the facilities at her disposal just because she was, of course, a pureblood. Before Constance was born, her mother had planned her whole future; she would be educated in her house by the most brilliant mentors of the time, because Coralia didn't want to expose her to unnecessary danger. More than obsessed with the safety of her child, the woman knew her family was under the eye of the Resistance and her daughter was a desired target for many. If they caught the boy she wouldn't care, but if they wanted to take the most important jewel of her crown they'd have to wrestle it from the hands of her cold corpse. Once she reached maturity, she would be introduced to society, many wealthy young men would be interested in her daughter, which would lead them to rub shoulders with the best families in Arkanis and other nearby planets. She could see herself sitting in the first seat of her only child's wedding, smiling like a proud mother with full pockets and restored pride. What Coralia didn't expect was that one day, while she was walking with her heir in her arms, one of her oldest maids looked her in the eyes and a with trembling voice told her something she would never forget: "Monstrous power, fierce as untamed horses, runs through her veins. Force, if irrepressible, will lead her to the most terrible fate." Coralia was petrified by the servant words. How could it be? No one in her family had ever carried the Force, or that's what she had always understood. Not even in Brendol's. She felt as if a sharp claw grabbed her throat preventing her windpipe from breathing and a thousand daggers dug on her heart when she realized why. An irremediable curse for treating the boy like a hound dog, for wishing him death uncountable times, for being an abhorrent human whose daughter was going to have to pay for it. In all her desperation, an idea crossed her mind like a thunderbolt: what if she never told anyone? Not even Brendol, not even her child. Like this, Constance would be unconscious herself of her destructive power. So that's what she did, sealing her mouth with a padlock and throwing the key to the sea of lies, besides to providing to wipe out the decrepit servant. The problem is Coralia didn't know that no matter the weight of lies, the truth always stays afloat . Chapter 2 : Roses Summary: Constance grows and finds a treasure among the roses. Notes: This chapter took me longer than I expected, sorry for the delay. I hope you enjoy it! Thanks for the comments and kudos, lots of love ♥ The first years of Constance's life were a blurry mixture of interwined memories and faces that she could hardly recognize. All these people were complete strangers which she hadn't seen again and all of whom she remembered were their maniacal laughter and the extravagant way they used to dress. None of this impressed her because most of them were wealthy figures who simply maintained a friendship with her parents for pure aristocratic benefit. Due to her family status, Constance was showered with gifts from an early age; luxurious presents without any kind of sentimental value whose only function was to please her parents. However, she was not yet fully aware that over time such people didn't do these things because it truly came from their hearts, but because they always expected something in return. The only gift she had ever received fondly was a small deer with two blue glass stones in each eye, simulating the color of hers. His paternal grandmother gave it to her on her third birthday saying that it was talisman that would protect her forever. Unfortunately, she died a year later, leaving a hole in her heart that no one would never be able to fill. Whenever Constance thought of her it was as if she could feel her warm hugs and soft kisses on her forehead again. Even if it was a painful thought, she always believed that her grandmother was the only person who came to love her truly beyond interest. The people of her memories began to disappear one after another from her fourth birthday. Perhaps because her parents came to the conclusion that they were toxic beings, or because there was a third factor that made them move away. Thereafter, she could see a change in her mother's attitude, becoming even more stubborn and closed because nobody fawned her as the goddess she believed herself to be. After this the constant fights between her parents began. The few times Brendol visited the home, his wife took advantage of it to scream and break things while her daughter was hiding scared under the covers of her own bed. If Brendol was a wisp of rain, Coralia was an hurricane. At an early age, Constance concluded that there wasn't a glimmer of love between her parents so if they weren't able to love each other, they couldn't love her. Still, she was aware of the great efforts they both made to make her feel fairly loved, although in most cases they were in vain. Brendol was a cold man who only gave his daughter the simplest expressions of affection but never enough. Rarely there was something beyond a pat on the shoulder or a stroke on the hair when it seemed that something was well done, not even a kiss on the cheek before bedtime. He was always immersed in his work; spending long periods of time outside the familar home, and rarely during her visits had she seen her father out of his study to dinner with her and her mother in the dining room, or playing, or just reading her a story. It is true that Constance never missed him because, how can you miss someone who has been largely absent during the few years of your life? Few things she knew about her father's life, but from what she had heard the servants say about him was he was a well respected and strong temperamented man that made people tremble with only hearing the echo of his military boots when he walked. She had also understood that he had fought many battles on behalf of the Empire , always coming out victorious. These definitions seemed more like those of a stranger than her own father because at home and in front of her mother, he was someone completely different, someone who seemed to be perpetually repentant and afflicted. Moreover, her mother was even less affective. Despite spending the whole day with her she only showed affection when she wanted a favour. Constantly, she scolded her when things weren't done as she had taught her. "That's not how a lady behaves." It seemed like she had had a daughter by the simple fact of wanting to mold her to her liking and transform her in what she could never be. Perpetually obsessed with protocol and correcting her daughter's speech, her gait, her way of sitting, how she should use cutlery, how to dance and even how to breathe. "You make too much noise when breathing, you remind me of your bastard brother ." She told her when she was six and that was the first time Constance heard of him. Obviating the adjective used by her mother (because educated ladies never say bad words), Constance had that word etched in her little head for days, imagining how could it be a brother when she didn't know about his existence? While remembering, once while searching her father's room out of pure curiosity, she found a picture of a red-haired boy a few years older than her. Both had blue eyes and clear skin, but that did not mean they were siblings. A few weeks after the dismissal, she decided to find the answers that would answer all of her questions. After searching for her mother around the house, she finally found her comfortably seated in one of the chairs in the back garden while passing vaguely through the sheets of the book in her lap. For a second, Constance didn't recognize her mother cause she was in a state of absolute calm, as she rarely had seen her before. With the features of her face relaxed she seemed to be immersed in a dream, the dream of the life she wish she had, her imagination being the only place where she was truly happy. But that happiness was short-lived when she heard the footsteps of her firstborn on the lawn. Coralia didn't bother to look up from the book to her child, even when she noticed her little hands leaning on the arm of the chair. "Why are you here? Should you not be taking a bath?" The slight sway of her tiny feet made her mother know that hundreds of doubts gnawed inside her daughter's mind. "I came because I wanted to ask you something." Said the little girl, staring at her own feet as if she were ashamed to admit it. "Ask then. The faster the better." Her authoritative tone made the little girl stop, hearing her clear her throat nervously to not hesitate when asking her long-awaited question. "Is it true that I have a brother?" Brother . Coralia's posture became remarkably rigid at the same moment the last word came from the lips of her daughter as she felt a drop of cold sweat ran down the center of her back. She knew since the begining that this day would come sooner or later, but she always waited for this to last as much as possible since even having overstayed for so long she hadn't been able to formulate the right answer. With one hand she took off her glasses while the other closed the book, deciding finally to stare at the clear eyes of the child in front of her seeing herself reflected in them. She could see her great weakness, so she thought to trick her with a lie. But honestly, she didn't care breaking her small illusions with the final purpose of telling her the complete and only truth. "He's not your brother. Not at all." Her daughter's frown made her realize that she hadn't expressed herself clearly. "His mother was a harlot. He's a bastard Constance, he doesn't deserve anything , nothing, even if he has your father's blood , he will never be anyone." By just remembering his existence a sour taste was formed on her tongue. The wretch lived in the deepest hall of the mansion, where he couldn't bother anyone and he was only allowed to interact with the service. Coralia knew that some maids had taken care of him since he was young but few knew of him. The fewer the better. But when the child began to grow it became impossible to have him locked in a room. "He is not an animal." One of the young servants told her. "As if he was." she replied. Still, making a great effort, she allowed the not-so-child to go into the garden for a couple of hours a day whenever Constance wasn't near. And that under no circumstances she could know he existed. However her damn sharp tongue had betrayed her. "Now I want you to go up, give yourself a bath and wait in your room until dinnertime. Is that understood?" With a little snort Constance turned to re-enter the house but when she was some steps away from her mother she openly wondered: "Will I ever meet him?" Her tiny figure stood there for a few minutes waiting for an answer that didn't came so she decided to head down the way to her room. For the first time in a long time Coralia felt fear crept into her again. Not because her daughter came to know the other's existence because it was something she could handle easily, but what if she discovered the biggest secret that could actually change their lives forever? Several weeks later, with the incident almost forgotten, Constance was playing in the garden. She had spent the morning running from one side to another, rolling on the grass and laughing uproariously whenever Flora the maid who had been in charge of her supervision since she was a baby, who she loved like a (real) mother, haunted her between heavy footsteps and muffled sighs as she screamed her name every time she had a hint of falling to the ground. The stocky maid finally reached her and gave her a loving look. "Constance dear, you should be more careful. Imagine for a moment you stumble upon a stone and you get a wound. I don't even want to imagine your mother's face when if she sees it." "Ooookay, I'll be careful. But just because you have told me." Said the girl panting with the effort. When they were going to merge into a hug, Coralia called Flora from the distance. Both looked at each other knowingly and before get going the old lady murmured tenderly: "I'll be back as soon as I can so don't go too far from here, you know that your mother doesn't like when you poke around between the gardens." Flora approached her and took her hands as she warned: "And most importantly, stay away the roses ." -As if it were a secret. With Flora gone, Constance ignored her advice and started running towards the rosebushes. Her mother had always forbidden her to approach them because it was dangerous. But now she was older and more responsible. When she arrived she was dumbfounded by the beauty of the place. Everything was green and red, the sunset in the sky. The bushes formed a kind of labyrinth which she started walking very carefully so as not to prick herself. Not far from where she was, she could hear the sound of a fountain so she kept walking to find it, finding on her way a long lost ball of when she was smaller. Then she turned with it in her hands and before she could ask herself how the thing had ended up in there she saw him. He was sitting on the edge of the pond, his head toward the small lake. He was wearing brown shorts with a blue shirt tucked into his pants and a pair of worn shoes. His skin was as clear as the water in front of him and his red hair was as bright as the sun. She felt her heart brimming with happiness and eagerness, her eyes did not leave his form. "Hello." She said, shivering with nervousness. She hadn't the best of appearances for a good first impression; with disheveled hair, reddened cheeks and her dress wrinkled to the utmost. But she put on her best smile trying to get a good response from him. The boy turned and looked at her, his blue eyes darkening with the shadow. For a second he thought about running away because he knew the possible consequences if he approached her. But he simply stared. They were quite similiar physically, the only thing that distinguished them was their hair color, hers being jet black. She was as he remembered her, just older. "Who are you?" Constance felt a little sad to see that he didn't recognize her, but maybe it was because he didn't know of her existence either. "My name is Constance and I'm six years old. I live in this house too and I think you are my brother." She has discovered it, he thought. "What's your name?" "I don't have one." He replied dryly. "Oh, hmm. I know some great names, I can tell yo-" "I was mocking you. My name is Armitage." If her mother heard about this, he was going to be punished, but he didn't care. He had been waiting this moment all his life. "I think that's a beautiful name for a brother." He saw her smile at the last word and a strange sensation toured his body. He couldn't be friendly or kind with her, he was jealous that she had all the things she had that he lacked. And before being his sister, she was the daughter of the woman who had made his life a living hell. "Do you want to play with me? I have no one to play with and you're as lonely as me." She asked with enthusiasm when he didn't respond. "What game?" "I just found this old ball. What if you throw it and you count how long it takes me to bring it back? I'm very fast, you know! And you just have to wait." "Okay. Come here, give it to me." Constance came closer to him and he put his cold hands above hers taking the object. She felt dizzy in his presence and she close she could smell his cologne. It was fresh and sweet at the same time. "Are you ready?" "Yesss!" She got into position and when he threw it, she ran after her like a thunderbolt. She quickly found it and she returned to the fountain as quickly as she could. Her heart was at breakneck speed but when she reached the place and she didn't see him. "Brother? Are you hiding, brother?" No one answered and she felt her heart sink. But Armitage was hiding behind a bush not so far from her, enough to not be discovered. He saw how she stared blankly at the ball, how she regained her breathing rate. Before leaving, he glanced at where he had been seated before and smiled before leaving. He knew they were going to see each other again. Notes: This is a brief introduction to set the plot of the story and introduce the main characters. The next chapters will be longer, I promise! And obviously, kudos and comments are always appreciated ♥