This is either a trap or an opportunity. And either way, Vader risks death by being here. But he is not a man who has ever shied from danger. And, besides, his life is miserable enough these days that he's willing to take this chance. The overture had come at a weak moment. He's sure the timing had not been an accident. Sidious' old castoff manservant marches before him. The masked Sith has his sword lit and poised at the man's back. Old Milo will be the first to die if this is a ruse. He follows the old man deeper into the ancient temple, ducking for the low clearance at the final doorway. The route up to this point has been circuitous, but the Sith committed it to memory. He may need to make a quick exit. Their destination is a cavernous room that is empty but for a large stone table in the center. From an open skylight high above bright sunlight filters down from Naboo's surface. Even still, the room is draped in sepulchral gloom. A man stands before the table, waiting with his back turned. The figure is tall, topping even himself. And he is cloaked and hooded in flowing black. The Sith hears the sound of heavy assisted breathing that is not his own. "Who are you?" he demands without preamble. He’s a man of action, not a man of words. The stranger answers with a command. "Put away your weapon. I mean you no harm." The man’s voice is low and gravelly with a cultured accent he cannot place. Vader considers a moment. Then extinguishes his sword. But the saber hilt remains firmly grasped in his hand. He's a man who has been at war since his teenaged years, and he is vigilant by nature. And everything about this clandestine meeting smacks of danger. Terrible, life altering danger. The Sith can feel the Shadow Force swirling around him, its frantic eddies and flows a prologue to the imminent change to come. Yes, what happens here today will matter. And whoever this cloaked man is, he matters too. Like his cruel Master, this stranger appears to be completely ordinary in the Force. But his gut tells him that is a lie. For the first time, he is glad that he has come. "Milo, leave us," the stranger commands. The servant bows and begins to withdraw, but Vader ignites his saber to stop him in his tracks. The masked Sith is unwilling to lose the potential leverage of his hostage. He doesn't know if this old man's life has any value to trade, but it's all he has. "He stays." The mysterious figure turns now to face him, but his features are hidden in the shadows of his hood. The man's tone is patiently chiding. "Do not murder poor Milo. He is your ally, not your enemy. And good help is hard to find. Even for the Sith." Milo is a spy, that much is clear. Whether he is an ally remains to be seen. "He stays." "Very well." The cloaked figure does not debate the point. Neither of them is here to talk about old Milo. "Who are you?" Vader demands again impatiently. The cloaked figure reaches to toss back his hood. "I am Darth Plagueis the Wise. Apprentice to Tenebrous and Master to Sidious." Those claims may or may not be true. But what is true is that this man is horribly disfigured like himself. And wearing a respirator like himself. Standing facing one another, each draped in black, there are more similarities than differences. He sees that the man's breathing apparatus is discrete, covering only his mouth. It must be optional then. A crutch, but not a necessity. The rest of his face is bare. The man has a gaping hole in his left cheek and a misshapen jaw, most of one ear is gone, and a glaring scar extends down the center of his forehead much like himself. As far as he can tell, the man is humanoid, but not human. With grayish white skin reminiscent of a Muun. The masked Sith takes his time to look his full before responding curtly. "Liar. Plagueis is long dead." And this provokes a sly chuckle. "Oh, he's not dead. Not yet." And, surprisingly, the man smiles. From behind the respirator, he can't see the man's mouth but he can see his cheeks lift and his eyes squint from the movement. "Not dead," he repeats. "Not ever." "What do you want?" He gets right to the point. The longer he lingers here, the more dangerous it is. He's not here to play games. "I wished to meet you. And I wished to thank you." To thank him? That’s not the typical reaction Vader gets. He smirks behind the mask. Again, the mysterious man chides him. "You should cloak yourself in the Force, Lord Vader. You are far too easy for a Jedi to sense. I could feel you in the Force miles away." He bristles at this condescension. Arrogance has long been his default response to criticism. "I have no need to hide. There are no Jedi." The man grunts at his. Dark eyes look straight into his mask and seem to look straight through him. "You and I both know that there are still Jedi." The stranger cocks his head now as he observes, "You do not know how to hide in the Force, do you?" The man with the ruined face so like his own shakes his head in disdain. "Sidious teaches you nothing. Hiding in the Force is the first lesson of being a Sith and he does not teach it. Sheev is such a disappointment . . . such a disappointment." And again, Vader bristles. Not on his Master's behalf, but on his own. For as long as he can remember, whether Jedi or Sith, someone has found him to be lacking. "Yes, I know how much he fears your power. How he worries that one day you will eclipse him. I know that he keeps you away from his inner circle. That he keeps you on a short leash busy on endless, pointless missions. I know that he teaches you very little of the Dark Side of the Force. That you were stronger as a Jedi than you are now as a Sith." The man waves away one spindly fingered hand as if to indicate that he could go on and on with these complaints. "I know these things, you know these things. But do you know why?" So now it's a guessing game? He'll play along. "Why?" "Because Sheev Palpatine knows that you are my son." What? Vader frowns and is silent at this bold claim. "Yes, Anakin Skywalker, I am your father." "That's not true," he scoffs, unimpressed and annoyed. "That's impossible." Whoever this poseur is, he's not even human. He couldn't possibly be his father. "Anything is possible in the Force. You are not my biological child. I created you in the Force. I have devoted my life to the scientific study of the Force. After years of research, I have learned how to create life anew, how to extend life indefinitely, and how to resurrect it once lost. I am a Sith Master with the power of a god. And you, Lord Vader, are my son." He says nothing to this proud speech. "Yes . . . search your feelings. The Jedi Chosen One long foretold was created by a Sith. Fitting is it not? For you are to bring balance to the Force. But you will never achieve that with Sidious. He fears the Light, disdains it. Arrogantly thinks to eliminate it. Heed my words that is a fool's errand, Lord Vader. The Light and the Dark shall ever coexist. No matter how many Jedi you slaughter, you will never succeed in stamping out the Light. And you risk provoking the Force to strike back against you in the process." The man shrugs. "Oh, I have no issue with the destruction of the Jedi Order. In fact, I thank you for it. And I thank you for destroying Dooku. Once you destroy Kenobi and Yoda, you will have achieved my revenge for me." "Revenge for what?" "For my wife and for my biological son who the Jedi irreparably harmed." "Then, you're welcome," Vader says dryly. The stranger nods at this and then resumes speaking. "Years ago, my wife saw you in the Force. She saw the birth of your twin children, the death of your wife, and the rise of your Jedi Rebel son. I know your history and your future, Lord Vader, and I can help you and your son achieve your destiny." Twin children? A son? These are lies. Cruel lies that remind him of a future that he has lost and a love that he cannot let die. "My wife is dead. My children died with her." This topic is closed. But the stranger does not take the hint. "Your wife died in childbirth but your children live. The Jedi have them. My wife saw it in a vision." He does not want to speak about this. For of all the mistakes he has made through the years--and there are many--there is none Vader regrets more than harming his Padme. "You lie. Visions lie." "That is the Jedi in you talking. Did the Order have you too long? Sidious and I discussed many times whether we should simply steal you away. Perhaps we made the wrong decision. Of course, even then Sidious was jealous of your power. And now he holds you back like the Jedi once held you back. Everyone fears your power, Lord Vader." The stranger pauses to let this flattery sink in before making his offer. Of course, he thinks cynically to himself, there is an offer. He knows the ways of the Sith. "With my help, you can be rid of Sidious forever." "So I can be your apprentice instead?" he challenges. These words drip with sarcasm. Yes, he knew this was coming. And while deposing Sidious has its appeal, he won't exchange one lying manipulative master for another. "My son, whether you will admit it or not, you need a teacher." "I have a Master. I don't need another." He has long ago grown tired of having someone tell him what to do. "Ah, but I can give you an apprentice. You have a son, Lord Vader. A boy strong in the Force and untrained. Left a fallow, rich field all these years. Ready to learn and to grow." "Visions lie." He repeats the conventional wisdom of the Jedi. The Order was wrong about a great many things, but not that. The stranger counters softly. "My wife was a powerful seer. Never once have I known her foresight to fail. I trust in her. I trust in the Force. She gave us all the clues we need to rescue him. To bring him home." Vader pushes aside the temptation to believe in this fallacy. He has been a fool for beguiling lies like this before, and he will not be a fool again. Visions have only misled him in the past. So resolutely, he ignores them now. But the momentary hesitation is noted. "You have had these visions too, then? Do you know of the boy who waits for you to claim him? Who knows only lies and is hungry for the truth? He is strong, Lord Vader. So ssstrong." The stranger relishes his words. And he hears the craving for power behind it. Yes, this is another Sith who seeks to use him. And to use his son, if the boy even exists. "No." "Do not dare lie to me, son. I see through you. You have suspected this boy. Yes . . . I see it in your mind." The stranger shifts postures back to persuasion now. "I will train you both. Then together, you and the boy can destroy Sidious." "You would use me to achieve your own revenge." "It is our revenge. And your opportunity. I taught Sheev Palpatine everything he knows. But I did not teach him everything I know." The cloaked man with the ruined face steps forward. Then closer still. Now he can see the full extent of the damage and it is considerable. "Sidious was a satisfactory apprentice. But I knew that you would one day come along to replace him. And so I saved all my best secrets for you, my son." "You speak treason." The man chuckles at this. "No, I speak as a Sith. And it is a time honored tradition for an apprentice to supplant his master. Consider the matter, Lord Vader. With my help, you could rule the galaxy with your son at your side. A dynasty of Skywalker Sith princes. Grandfather, father and son. All allied and unstoppable in the Force." It's a heady thought, but quickly he brushes it aside. "Why should I trust you?" "Because we are family." Again, Vader glimpses the suggestion of a slow smile behind the respirator. "And because you will never get a better offer. Consider it well. Milo will know how to contact me." The stranger turns to leave. And he's curious, despite his better judgment. "Wait. The other twin. Is it a girl?" The man does not turn back around. "Yes." "She is strong in the Force?" he wants to know. Does she look like Padme, he wonders. And now the man half turns back to him as he responds. "Not as strong as the boy. And women do not make good Sith. Dooku tried and failed with one. Women may be the far more emotional sex, but rarely do they have the temperament and fortitude to be Sith. Women are so easily manipulated." Again, Vader sees that hint of a smile behind the respirator. "It's part of what makes them so delightful, don't you think?" "But your wife with the visions--she was Sith? On the Dark Side?" He's curious. "Oh, no. Lady Plagueis was Jedi. She was Light through and through." A Jedi and a Sith? That makes no sense. More lies, he’s sure. But he challenges anyway, "How?" "Because Dark and Light coexist. And so the mate for an old Dark Sith like myself was a young innocent Jedi. We balanced one another." He warms to his theme now. "We each play a role. I am the patriarch destined to rule and to teach. You are the valiant son who shall stand at my side and reclaim your boy stolen by the Jedi. And my wife," he falls silent a moment. Then resumes. "My Shan was the one to see it all long ago. She will be the one to bring our family together. For that is what women do. They create families and they hold them together." The man raises dark eyes that once again stare deeply into his mask. "I too lost a beloved wife, Lord Vader. I might have given yours back to you, had you come to me. Sidious does not know the secrets of resurrecting the dead through the Force. Did he promise to bring her back? If he did, he lied." This is a bitter topic. As far as he is concerned, Sith resurrections are a complete fraud. "Why didn't you bring back your own dead wife?" he demands. "One day, I shall, Lord Vader. One day, I shall. Consider my offer well, son. And take care." The man sounds almost kindly now. "Sidious will kill you if he learns that we have met." With that parting advice, the stranger heads for the door, moving slowly with labored effort. Surely, there must be other grave wounds concealed beneath the man’s cloak, Vader thinks watching him go. He can’t help but wonder. Pain is something he understands. And then the fatherless slave boy turned Jedi turned Sith is left alone to brood. After a few moments, he reluctantly shakes off the self-indulgence. He has work to do back at the Death Star. Hopefully, that stubborn Rebel princess will have succumbed to the mind probe by now. He wants to know what happened to the plans. And if he can find the location of the Rebel base perhaps he can crush them with one swift stroke and be done with the Alliance. And then there will be no more endless, pointless missions for his Master. He might finally be done with war and get a chance to build something. To be something more than the deadly thug that Maul was. More than the transitional figure that Tyranus was. Darth Vader has waited a long time for the chance to make things the way he wants them to be. “Milo,” he calls to the silent servant standing behind him. “Yes, my lord.” The slight human steps up quickly and bows low in acknowledgement. “Why did he wait so long.” He’s been Sith for almost twenty years. Why now? “That is a question for Lord Plagueis, my lord.” The old retainer respectfully punts his answer while he keeps his eyes low. But the masked Sith will not be put off. For now he suspects very strongly that this man knows far more than he is letting on. “Answer me, Milo.” His castlekeeper nods and takes a breath. “I believe that Lord Plagueis was waiting for his Skywalker grandson to grow. And—“ “And what?” “And Lord Plagueis worried that you might reject him, my lord.” Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "I knew that you would be back." The cloaked and hooded Muun he faces purrs out his smug satisfaction. It is irritating. But Vader brushes aside the emotion. Here he is, back in the Sith temple on Naboo tempting disaster again. But the events of the last month have been deeply unsettling and, as a result, he has reconsidered the offer of this man who calls himself Darth Plagueis the Wise. Vader tells himself that this is a fact-finding mission. If nothing else, perhaps today he will gain information. Maybe even answers. And then he will decide what to do. Because Vader finds that he is unexpectedly conflicted about reclaiming this surprise child. The past the Sith has long buried and mostly forgotten keeps rising up to confront him lately. First this Muun who claims to be Plagueis and claims to be his father shows up. Then Kenobi surfaces at long last. And now this mysterious pilot with his old surname appears on the scene. It all smacks of danger and destiny. There are many different paths his future can take now. And exciting as that is, it is also troubling. Because there is no room for error. Already, it seems, he has missed a good opportunity. "The boy is a rebel." The Emperor’s chief henchman announces what the whole galaxy now knows, for Luke Skywalker is the celebrated hero pilot of the Rebellion. How deeply ironic it is for Darth Vader's secret son to be number one on the Imperial Most Wanted list. Palpatine had alternated between rage and hilarity at the news. "He is lost to me already. Kenobi had him first." The wily Muun disagrees. "He blew up your Death Star but he is no true rebel. He is a farm boy who got caught up in events of your own making. It was you, Lord Vader, who flushed the boy and Kenobi out of hiding. This is your doing, my son." "No." Vader bristles. He has had enough blame thrust his way lately. "It was an accident that he intercepted those plans." "That was no accident. That was the Force." The Muun Sith throws back his hood now to reveal his ruined face. Then he steps closer. His low, slow voice warns, "Sheev too will recognize it for what it is. Soon, my Apprentice will be as terrified of that young man as he is of you. The boy is powerful. Mark my words, he will be a credit to us one day." And then the supposedly dead Sith Master neatly sums up Vader's dilemma. "You are in a very dangerous position now. Sheev will watch you closer than ever. He has a choice to make. He keeps you as Apprentice and kills the boy. Or he kills you and takes the boy as his Apprentice." And this is why Vader had come today after old Milo had relayed another overture from the Muun. Because Vader suspects that no one alive knows Sheev Palpatine's warped genius better than his former Master. Vader might be the more competent military commander, but he knows that he is far outclassed by Palpatine when it comes to manipulation. So Vader is hoping that the Muun will provide some useful intelligence. He does not disappoint. "Sheev loves the predictability of the Rule of Two. He will not want another Apprentice. And he won't risk keeping my son and grandson alive. Not when he knows that I live. One of you will have to die, Lord Vader." "He thinks you're dead." "No. Sheev knows that I am alive. He has known for decades now. He just wants you to think that I'm dead." Darth Plagueis shifts back to the topic at hand. "The boy is not lost and he is not Jedi. Kenobi did not train him." Did not train him? Why not? That does not fit with the Jedi General who had long ago trained the former Anakin Skywalker. Obi-Wan Kenobi had strictly adhered to the Jedi's traditional teaching strategies. So Vader now fixes the Muun with a hard stare beneath his mask, trying to assess the truth. "How do you know this?" he demands. The answer he receives is cryptic. "I know a great many things, Lord Vader. You might be surprised." Again, Vader bristles. He’s not here to play games or to stroke this half-dead man’s ego. But perhaps the Muun senses his growing impatience because he continues. "Your old Master did not train young Skywalker. Perhaps the Jedi lacked confidence in his abilities after his failure with you. But I believe the larger impediment was that your brother would not allow it." What? "I have no brother." "Step-brother. Owen Lars, the son of Shmi Skywalker's husband. Owen Lars fostered your boy on his moisture farm on Tatooine." His boy grew up on Tatooine? Great. Vader scowls behind his mask. He has been hoping that the boy had been there only because of Kenobi. Because this means his long-lost kid is probably a barely literate peasant. Yet another Skywalker has toiled away on that backwater, wasteland planet. And that's one more betrayal to pin on Kenobi, as far as he’s concerned. Darth Plagueis must sense his reaction because he reveals, "I almost had him, you know. After we met I sent the local thugs to capture your boy. But Kenobi intervened and he escaped. That's what the Jedi did--he watched young Skywalker grow up from afar and stepped in now and then to avert disaster. Kenobi had very little influence on his upbringing. But unfortunately, he was there when the Tusken Raiders came for the boy." The battered looking Muun now shoots Vader a reproachful glare. "We might have had him by now and then you would still have your Death Star and be in Sheev's good graces. And then Sheev would not know to be suspicious and we would have had all the time we needed to train the boy in secret." 'I told you so' never sits well. Especially with a Sith. So Vader gives in to his reflexive emotion: outrage. Suddenly, he’s strangely protective of this Rebel son he has never met. "You sent Tusken Raiders after him? Those animals killed my mother!" His vehemence hits a nerve and the Muun starts backpedaling as he mistakes the source of Vader’s outburst. "I know, my boy. I regret how your mother died. It was I who caused her to be freed, did you know that? Perhaps I should have taken her into my household then. But I knew that it would be hard for her." "See Milo nod over there? Milo knew my slave wife Pilar many years ago. Pilar was never truly comfortable as a free woman. To her dying day, she called me her owner instead of her husband. I feared your mother would feel the same way if I were to claim her for my own." The tall hulking figure shrugs slightly. "It also would have complicated matters with my own wife. Plus, your mother truly did love that Lars farmer. It was better this way." The Muun keeps talking and he looks almost sheepish now as he tells Vader, "I do regret that I never made you legitimate, my son. If the Jedi had not found you first, I would have adopted you and raised you as my own. My Shan would have welcomed you into our family. You would have been raised our Sith prince." Vader blinks from behind his mask at this oddly candid speech. For how long has Darth Plagueis been keeping tabs on him? Well, he is a man long grown. Anakin Skywalker never had a father and Darth Vader doesn't want one now. And, frankly, knowing what he knows now, he's glad he didn't grow up Sith. Besides, this is probably just more manipulation. Vader knows better than to trust this man. But the old Muun must think he's making headway. Because now he pours on the sympathy hard sell. "Slavery is a scourge on the galaxy, Lord Vader. Its legacy is insidious and far reaching, as I am sure you know. Once together we rid ourselves of Sheev, we will abolish slavery. No longer will young boys toil in junk shops instead going to school, Anakin Skywalker. With my help, you can bring freedom and order to the galaxy. Those goals need not be inconsistent." It's a nice speech, but Vader knows better than to believe it. In his younger days, he might have been foolishly optimistic about his ability to make meaningful change, but as a mature Sith Vader is a deeply cynical man. The Sith care about power, not about the powerless. Plus, he knows that Darth Plagueis was once the head of the Banking Clan as his alter ego Hego Damask. Slavery persists because the galaxy's moneylenders and investment types profit from it. No doubt Hego Damask profited from it as well. Now the decrepit Muun begins to talk strategy. "The boy does not know who you are, Lord Vader. I do not know what lies Kenobi and Lars have told him, but we will discover them and use them to our advantage." "Kenobi is dead." "Did you get your revenge?" "A sword through the neck," Vader announces with grim satisfaction. "Good." Plagueis nods his approval. "Having the Jedi dead will make things easier. What do you have of young Skywalker's mother? Boys always love their mothers." "Nothing," Vader says with regret. And this is true, he has nothing to remember his Padme by. That's why he had her portrait painted from his memory of their wedding day described to the artist. The likeness is so good that for many years he had to force himself to look at it. "That is a pity. The boy will be curious and we will need to supply answers. We will share the truths that have long been hidden from him. That is how we will earn his trust and undermine the influence of the Jedi and the Rebellion. Our truth will be far more seductive than their lies." Vader nods his agreement with this approach. Palpatine had said the very same thing. And now the Muun continues with his assessment of the situation. "You are the key to all of this, my son. Sheev will know this. He will send you to hunt the boy and to confront him. We will use this to our advantage." "Lord Vader, when you find your son, you must do two things. Tell him who you are. And be merciful. Pain and suffering can be highly persuasive, but loyalty is best won with the mind and with the heart.” This advice does not sit well. For now Vader is feeling more played than ever. This Muun who at their first meeting had announced that he is Vader’s own father is now instructing him to make the same announcement to Luke Skywalker. Urging Vader to manipulate his son the very same way Plagueis is attempting to manipulate him right now. Does this Muun think him to be a fool? And what is this Muun really up to? Vader’s reputation for casual violence must prompt the Muun to reiterate himself. "I am a wily old Sith, Lord Vader. I have no qualms about violence so long as it serves a purpose. But I pride myself in achieving more through plots than through pain. We are trying to create an ally. Do not lose sight of that goal." Vader scowls behind his mask at this condescension. Perhaps this is good advice, but Vader only hears the implicit criticism that he is an unthinking brute. Well, he doesn't want to be lectured to. He doesn't need advice on how to claim his own son. And he doesn't take instructions from Darth Plagueis. He will do this his own way. So he changes the topic. "What about the girl? Where is the girl?" "I do not know. The boy was simple to find with the clues my wife had seen in the Force. The Jedi hid him in plain sight, with his family on your homeworld, with your surname. It was a stupid strategy. But the Jedi never were much for subterfuge." "Did your woman see the girl too?" Vader presses the point. The Muun doesn’t seem to want to talk about the girl and that has him suspicious. Plus, Vader doesn’t buy that ‘women don’t make good Sith’ line the Muun had fed him last time. He remembers Ventress a bit differently. "Yes. My Shan saw your daughter in the Force. All she said was that the girl looks like her mother. A little princess, she called her." A little princess. That’s an odd phrase to use. Vader will need to meditate on this. He's ready to take his leave now. "I will contact you when I have found the boy." The Muun nods. "Once you tell the boy the truth, let him go. He will return to you out of curiosity. The first meeting is just the setup for the second. Darkness is a choice and it should not be rushed." The first meeting is the setup for the second. Yes, just like his prior meeting with the Muun was the setup for this meeting. Again, Vader is feeling played by Darth Plagueis. He has heard enough for today. He turns to leave. And the Muun now feels the need to underscore his earlier point yet again. He calls after Vader’s retreating form. "Remember, do not hurt the boy. No matter what leftwing Rebel propaganda he spouts, no matter what he says about Kenobi or the Jedi. And no matter what he says about you. That boy has been brought up on lies. He might not recognize the truth when he hears it. People seldom do." Darth Vader keeps walking. What a micromanaging master Darth Plagueis must have been, he thinks. No wonder Palpatine tried to kill him. Notes: I kind of love the idea of Snoke and Vader plotting to steal Skywalker and overthrow Palpatine. So this short story eventually will evolve into maybe 2 more chapters over time. The next one after Bespin and then probably a Luke-Snoke meeting (you know that eventually happened at some point, am I right?) Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had not gone well. But if those idiots on Bespin had succeeded in deactivating the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon, he would have captured the boy all the same. But now the Rebel princess, the wookiee and his prodigal son are safe back with their terrorist friends. Palpatine is livid. And he himself is disappointed. Frustrated. And slightly terrified of what happens next. That’s why he is back in this gloomy temple meeting once again with the mysterious Muun. Luke Skywalker had looked nothing like Vader had expected. But upon further reflection, he sees the resemblance. His boy looks a bit like Padme. Not so much in her face but in her compact build. And his son has his wife's easy grace and quickness. The rest of the boy is a younger him. The hair, the complexion, the eyes. And also some of Anakin Skywalker's misplaced idealism, ragged focus and rash decisions. And, of course, young Luke has his father’s Force. Oh, how this boy has a connection to the Force. It is effortless and unthinking. For how else could Luke Skywalker have mastered so many skills in so little time without any real training. His boy is a veritable prodigy. And that temps Vader with exciting possibilities. For together, they truly might rule the galaxy as father and son. Without Palpatine and certainly without this fey Muun who stands before him, cloaked and hooded as usual. "Well, did you meet him?" Darth Plagueis prods. "Yes.” Disappointment makes Vader especially terse. “He escaped." And that is not a surprise to the crafty Muun. "That was the idea, Lord Vader." No, that was Plagueis' idea, not his own. Vader had intended all along to capture his boy and to take him back to Bast Castle. For his son does not yet realize his importance. Young Luke has no idea how much danger he is in. Not from himself, but from Palpatine. And, very likely, from this shady Muun. "How did you find him?" Bounty hunters. But Vader is too proud to admit that he had to outsource the job the Imperial Navy could not do. "I lured him with his captured Rebel friends." "Who are they?" The Muun is fishing for information. And so Vader is deliberately vague. "Some criminals and a Rebel girl. The boy came running as soon as they felt pain." "A girl?” The Muun considers this and then makes a bold move that reveals he knows far more than he pretends. “Is the girl the princess of Alderaan? The late Senator Bail Organa's daughter?" "Yes," Vader confirms, wondering how the Muun knew to guess this. "My sources say the boy cares for her." And that attraction pleases Vader. His son might be a farmboy from Tatooine but he aims high, like his slave father once did. For long ago his former self had won Naboo's queen. And now apparently young Skywalker is chasing Alderaan's royal princess. It's too bad she's a rebel, Vader thinks. And so mouthy. But her appeal isn’t hard to understand, for Leia Organa certainly is a beauty. He remembers that from the Death Star interrogation. "So young Luke Skywalker is with the Princess Leia Organa?" The Muun raises an eyebrow in patent disbelief. Then he bursts into ugly laughter and it reminds Vader of Palpatine's cackle. "The Force works in mysterious ways, my son. Mysterious ways." "They are not together." His boy’s admiration would appear to be unrequited. Vader remembers the girl confessing her love to the criminal Han Solo before Solo was frozen in carbonite. And that had been an enjoyably ironic moment. Who knew that Alderaan's prissy princess would fall for a two-bit smuggler with a bounty on his head? Her father would be so proud, Vader smirks to himself. If only Bail Organa had lived to see it. "Good. That is for the best," the Muun remarks. And Vader has to agree. That righteous princess would have impeded their goals. "What did you learn from the boy?" Darth Plagueis has sharp eyes that seem to look right through his mask. “Tell me about the boy.” "He is strong with the Force. And half trained at best." "That is to be expected. Kenobi cannot help him now. In the end, it means he will have less to unlearn. What else?" "Kenobi told him that I betrayed and murdered his father." The Muun chuckles at this. "I suppose that is true," he muses slyly, "from a certain point of view. He was surprised then. Good," he approves. "It will force young Skywalker to reconsider much of what he has been told. Was he angry?” The Muun sounds hopeful at this. Vader considers the question. “Disbelieving.” “How did you convince him to believe the truth? Did you tell him anything of your past?” “No.” “Anything of yourself?” “No.” “What about his mother? Did you tell him about his mother?” “No.” “About his lost twin sister, then? About how together you might one day rebuild your family torn apart by the Jedi?” “No.” “Then what did you tell the boy?” The Muun sounds impatient. He’s unimpressed by what he’s hearing. “Did you at least make him an offer?” "Yes. He refused." "Indeed. What a surprise." Darth Plagueis raises an eyebrow along with this sarcasm. He gives him a hard look. Then the Muun reaches into his voluminous robes for something. "Tell me, Lord Vader, did you make him the offer before or after this?" Then the Muun Sith hurls to the ground at Vader's feet a clear plastic bag. Inside it is his old Jedi lightsaber hilt. And wrapped around it is his son's bloody and shriveled severed hand. Vader just looks. Darth Plagueis steps forward and his tone is stone cold. "So to persuade the orphaned son who thought you killed his father, you decide to capture and torture his best friends and the girl he likes? And when you finally meet the boy, you tell him who you are. But you share nothing of the man who he and the rest of the galaxy know only as a mask. You do not tease him with truths of the past and stories of his mother. You do not tempt him to find in you the family he has never had. You merely offer him the Dark Side he has been taught to fear. And then, to seal the deal, you cut off his hand?" The old Sith sneers his sarcasm. "How strategic of you to confirm everything negative the boy thinks about you." Again, he says nothing. "Was this necessary?" The Muun hisses as he gestures to his son's gory rotting hand. "Can the Jedi hero of the Clone Wars not out-duel a boy with no training? Surely, he was not even a credible threat to a mature Sith. Could you not gracefully have ended your fight at a draw to encourage the boy and to help him save face?" "He landed a blow," Vader explains stiffly. "Good for him!” the Muun roars. “You should have commended the boy's efforts rather than punished him." The Muun is seething with indignant anger now. "Your goal was to persuade, Lord Vader! To lure! To make him question everything he knows about the man he thought killed his father. About the man who commands the troops who slaughtered his foster family. About the man who put a lightsaber through the neck of his mentor. About the man who tortured his girl." Old Darth Plagueis steps back now and crosses his arms as he passes judgment. "How very deeply you disappointment me, son." Silence hangs heavy in the air for a long moment between the two Sith. But Vader regroups. He’s Palpatine’s Apprentice. He’s used to criticism. So with a patience born of long practice, he shrugs it off. “The boy will be back." "Possibly," the Muun concedes. "Our best hope now is that he will be back with revenge in his heart and we can use it to stoke his Darker impulses." The Rasputin Sith's dark eyes narrow and now flash feral yellow at him. "I am half tempted to let him kill you as his path of descent into Darkness. For if young Skywalker hates you enough to leap to certain death rather than join you, he hates you enough to kill you." Now Vader is taken aback. How much does this Muun know and how does he know it? And how did he get the saber? His stormtroopers hadn’t been able to locate it. Vader is confounded. Defensive. And now deeply suspicious. "What about the girl?" He wants to change the subject. What’s done is done. Plus, finding his son has only whetted his appetite to find his lost daughter. The stolen little princess who supposedly looks like her mother. He has to find her. For if nothing else, he owes that to his Padme. "Tell me more about the girl," Vader demands. "Forget about the girl.” The Muun waves a hand dismissively. “She is lost to us. She will never be Sith." Vader doesn't care. Because the girl is his child and she was stolen from him. He's a possessive Sith and he wants her back. More and more, he is certain that Darth Plagueis knows where his daughter hides. And, he suspects, the Muun has known for some time. "Where is she?" he growls. "If she is who I suspect she is, then she too is with the Rebellion. And Lord Vader, she will never reconcile to you. Not after Alderaan." And this clue only stokes his interest in the girl. Why doesn't the Muun want him to reclaim the girl? No doubt he has some angle on the situation. A Sith always does. "Where is she?" Vader demands again. "She is headstrong. And she does not have much Force. The girl will only be a thorn in your side. And she will be a bad influence on her brother." "She is my daughter!" Of course, she is headstrong. If she's anything like her mother, the girl is as stubborn and confident as they come. And Vader would very much like his girl to be like Padme. "Let her go. Our focus is the boy. He will be more malleable and he is the far more powerful of the pair." The Muun eyes him with more reproach. "We need a strategy for the boy. Sheev will think him more powerful now that he has escaped you. And," that ruined face slants him a sideways glance, "he did land a blow." Darth Plagueis now returns to his plotting. "You have endangered yourself further, Lord Vader. The stronger that boy appears, the more expendable you become. And if the boy is prepared to kill you, then that will become Sheev's strategy. He will pit you against one another. It is the obvious play." "He can't kill me." "Perhaps not, but you may be forced to kill him to save face with Sheev. Are you prepared to do that?" "If that is his destiny." "Beware of destiny,” the Muun drawls slowly. “Do not make it a convenient excuse for failure. True destiny cannot be subverted. But the Force did not surface your long-lost child without a reason. That boy will matter, mark my words. Luke Skywalker will make history." Darth Plagueis frowns and his gargoyle visage becomes ever more hideous. "It is clear that you are not an effective messenger, Lord Vader. So I will approach the boy. He does not know to fear me. Or to hate me." This Vader has not anticipated. And he’s not sure he likes the idea. He and the Muun were supposed to be plotting together for the boy. But that could easily morph into the Muun and the boy plotting together against him. "How will you find him?" It had taken Vader three years to finally capture his son. They don’t have another three years to wait again. Palpatine will not tolerate the boy’s existence in limbo that long. "Through his sister. You have met her. On several occasions, I believe." "Who is she?" This time Vader growls with true menace. He’s not leaving until he gets an answer about the girl. Darth Plagueis must sense his determination. Because the old Sith casually drops a bombshell on his unsuspecting self. "Your daughter—my granddaughter in the Force--is Alderaan's Princess Leia Organa." Notes: What do you do when you sit down to watch what you think will be 3 or 4 hours of US election coverage and then it stretches into a very late night marathon of nail biting and electoral college scenarios? When your husband and sister are glued to the tv but you are bored and needing something to do so you don't start stress eating everything in sight? You covertly type a fic on your phone, of course. Because red state, blue state, blah, blah, blah . . . Star Wars!! For purposes of this fic, I assume that Vader's ROTJ line "Sister? So . . . you have a twin sister?" is for Palpatine's benefit to keep him in the dark. Vader already knows that the sister exists and who she is. If you have read my other fics, you know that my Plagueis/Snoke is not a very progressive guy, especially where women are concerned. My history loving Sith fancies himself to be a modern man who changes with the times, but really he's very Old School in all things. That's part of why I wanted Vader to be particularly interested in finding his daughter. Vader--raised a Jedi--has a bit more respect for women and their abilities than old Snoke does.