Year One Ben had known there were other wizard kids since he was born. His mother was able to use magic just like him, and even though his father couldn’t do magic, Ben was naturally talented. He had learned about Hogwarts since before he could talk. His mother always told him stories about the castle with the stairs that moved on their own and portraits that talked and argued with students. Ben had been most excited to be around kids his age that used magic. His father whistled as he stared at all the wondrous things happening on Platform 9 3/4. Owls were in cages, cats meowed and he swore there were even croaking toads somewhere. Things floated above their head and kids ran onto the train with toys that snapped at their fingers or whizzed around their heads. “You’ll write every week or I’ll go to the castle myself to talk to you.” His mother joked when it was time for Ben to go. “She’s not kidding, kid.” His father laughed. “I’ll write.” Ben smiled. “I promise!” His mother hugged him tight and his father ruffled his hair. “Have fun.” They let him go and Ben thought that he didn’t need to be told twice to have fun. He ran onto the train and tried to find a cabin to sit in. He didn’t know anyone here and making friends wasn’t always easy for him. “Excuse me, you’re standing in the way of the door.” Ben turned around and moved out of the way so the blond girl could pass. She didn’t. “You’re unfamiliar. You aren’t muggleborn, are you?” “No, my mum’s a witch.” Ben said. “My dad is a muggle, though.” The girl frowned. “Well, I suppose having magic in your family is good enough. I’m Phasmina, but you can call me Phasma.” “Hi Phasma.” Ben said. “I’m called Ben.” “You can sit with me and my friends today, Ben.” She said, moving past him and into the the room. Only two other kids were in there. She whispered to him. “The red one is Armitage, he’s quite nasty most of the time. The other is Dopheld, he’s quite sweet actually. We’re all pureblood wizards. The elite. We’re going to be in Slytherin, we just know.” The other two kids stared at Ben as Phasma sat down. Dopheld spoke first. “Who is this?” “Ben… I’m sorry, I didn’t get your last name.” Phasma said. “Solo-Organa.” The red haired boy raised an eyebrow. “As in the Leia Solo-Organa that works with the Minister for Magic?” “That’s my mum.” Ben said and smiled proudly. “My father can’t stand her.” He said and Ben’s smile fell. “Sit down, Ben. I think I can manage to be friends with a halfblood if it means it will upset my father.” Ben sat down. “What’s wrong with being a halfblood?” “Nothing, I suppose.” Armitage shrugged. “Just not as good as being pureblood. Both of my parents are magic and all of my family have been magic, too. It’s special.” “So my family isn’t special?” Ben asked. “No, but you can be.” Armitage dug through his robe pocket and pulled out something in a box. “A peace offering.” He held out the box to Ben and he took it. A chocolate frog. “Thank you.” “My father always says that the best type of wizard are pureblood wizards. Halfbloods are good enough, he supposes, but he doesn’t hang out with that sort. He says he can smell the muggle in them.” He said. “I don’t know how muggles smell like, but you don’t smell any different so I’m just guessing that my father talks rubbish.” Ben looked up from his frog to the boy. “It sounds like it.” Armitage humphed. “Yes, well, the real problem is the mudbloods.” “Mudbloods?” The red haired boy sat up straight. “You mean to tell me that you don’t know what a mudblood is?” Ben shook his head. “My mum never told me the names for people. She only talked about things I asked.” “A mudblood is a horrible nickname for muggleborns.” Dopheld spoke for the first time. “Hux only likes using it because it makes him sound older.” “I wouldn’t be surprised if you land in Hufflepuff with that attitude, Mitaka.” Armitage rolled his eyes. “My mum was a Hufflepuff.” Ben offered. “My whole family has been in Slytherin, except for my mom. She was in Ravenclaw.” Armitage said. “I’ll be in Slytherin, too. I know it.” “I don’t know where I’ll land.” Ben shrugged. “Well it probably won’t be Slytherin. Sometimes there are halfbloods but it’s rare. As long as you’re not in Gryffindor, I’m sure we can stay friends.” He said. “Gryffindors are the worst, you’ll see.” Ben silently hoped he wasn’t in Gryffindor then. “Okay.” The conversation moved on to Quidditch, which Ben did know about. His mother had been on the Hufflepuff team as a seeker and always muttered under her breath that they should have won the house cup. “First years can’t play, of course, but I’ve been practicing since I was a kid. Father says that Quidditch is pointless, so naturally I plan on playing it professionally.” Armitage said proudly. Phasma rolled her eyes. “Just last month you told me you wanted to be Minister for Magic.” “That was before I found out that my father would be too happy with me being Minister. He’d only use me to open opportunities for him. He can’t do that if I’m a seeker for the Magpies.” Mitaka laughed. Armitage turned to look at him. “What’s so funny?” “You fell off your broom last week, there is no chance that you’ll play for Montrose.” Mitaka laughed harder as Armitage shoved his arm and turned red. “Mature.” “I fell off my broom because Mitaka thought it’d be funny to throw a bludger at me to get my attention.” He sniffed. “I’m an excellent Quidditch player.” “I was only preparing you for the pitch.” Mitaka shrugged innocently. Ben spoke up. “I think Armitage can play for the Magpies.” “Just call me Hux.” The boy replied, but he smiled. “See, Mitaka? I can play for Montrose so shove a pumpkin pasty in it.” “Ben’s never seen you play.” Phasma joined in. “You all are no friends of mine. Ben’s my only friend now.” Hux said. They all laughed and Ben smiled. He could get used to having friends like this. Time passed by way too quickly, if Ben was being honest. The time for sorting had come and he’d much rather be back on the train with Hux, Mitaka and Phasma. He didn’t want to be separated from his new friends. The professor, who had a pinched face and piercing eyes, called students up. When it was Phasma’s turn to get sorted, the hat had barely touched her head when it yelled, “SLYTHERIN!” She walked off to the Slytherin table with a smug grin. She had been right. From their small group, Hux was the next one to be called. The hat took longer with him and he wore a frown for the whole thirty seconds it was on him. Eventually, the hat spoke up and yelled that he’d been placed in Slytherin. Hux walked off and sat near Phasma. Ben hadn’t noticed the boos before, but from the Gryffindor table he saw that some older kids were jokingly yelling boo and laughing at the kids being sorted into Slytherin. He thought back to what Hux had said in the train and firmly decided that he’d never want to be in a house like that. When Mitaka was called, the hat took a full minute. Ben turned to the Slytherin table to see Phasma and Hux whispering to each other, a frown on their faces. They probably thought Mitaka would be placed in another house, but eventually the house placed him in Slytherin. Ben swore that Hux and Phasma yelled and clapped the loudest. More kids got sorted and finally, it was Ben’s turn. “Ben Solo-Organa.” He walked up to the chair and sat down. The professor put the hat on his head. “ Ah, I see. Another Skywalker. Your family has always given me a hard time. Your mother a Hufflepuff. Your uncle a Ravenclaw. Your grandparents came here as well, though you might not have known. Mother was adopted wasn’t she? Padmé Amidala was a Gryffindor. Anakin Skywalker was Slytherin through and through. So what to do with you?” Ben hadn’t known about his grandparents. The only grandparents he knew about were his Bail and Breha Organa, who had died in a car accident when his mother was nineteen. He didn’t know who these two people were. Still, his mind was set and he didn’t want to be Gryffindor. And if his grandfather was a Slytherin, why couldn’t he be? Ben thought, Anything but Gryffindor. “No Gryffindor, aye? Not very usual is a request like that. Are you sure? A Gryffindor is brave and determined. You could fit right in and make friends.” I’m sure. “Very well then. If not Gryffindor, then maybe Ravenclaw. You’re wise and inquisitive. Very intelligent. You’d do well in a house like Ravenclaw. Or Slytherin, I can sense that you’re resourceful and have great ambition. It runs through your veins.” Ben felt a rush of hopefulness at Slytherin being an option, but then disappointment hit him in the chest. The hat hadn’t even mentioned Hufflepuff. Was Ben nothing like his mother? Ben rarely even saw his uncle anymore, but he doubted he had more in common with him than with his own mother. “Ah, I see. Very unusual. Hufflepuff? Patience, loyalty and dedication? Hmm yes, yes I see. Very well, then. You’ll be in- “HUFFLEPUFF!” Ben opened his eyes as the hat was pulled off. Slowly he got off the chair and walked over to the table with people standing and clapping for him. They wore black and yellow robes and smiled. He might just like it here. He turned back to see Hux smile at him. Ben smiled back and turned his attention back to his own table. At the end there were nine new Hufflepuff students including him. An older kid turned to him. “You’re Leia Solo-Organa’s son, right?” “Yeah, I’m Ben.” The boy smiled, it was a nice one. “I’m Poe Dameron.” He held out his hand to Ben and he shook it. “My parents work with your mum.” “Oh, okay. What year are you in?” Ben asked. “This is my third year. Don’t worry, you’ll love it here. It’s a bit hard at first, being away from home and sharing a room with the other boys in your house, but eventually it gets fun.” Poe said. “Classes are fun, too. First years won’t get too much homework so you’ll have time to get to know the castle, too.” “My mum said there are bits of the castle that try to trick you.” Poe’s eyes lit up. “That there are. The stairs move places and sometimes you think you’re going to Herbology and you end up in the dungeons. It’s a bit of fun.” “It doesn’t sound like fun. I don’t want to be late to class.” Ben admitted. Poe laughed. “That’s alright, the castle rarely makes you late. It only does it if it knows you have some time. That’s what makes it fun.” Poe clapped him on the back. “Oh.” “Don’t worry, you’ll get the hang of it.” He said and turned his attention to another student. Ben was thankful when it was time to go to the common room. They all lined up and followed the prefect, some boy named Snap, to the common room. Ben noticed that some kids were going up the stairs while they walked down a floor. Snap was speaking, “The Hufflepuff common room is on the same floor as the kitchens. We’re neighbor’s actually. If you’re nice enough, a house elf will give you some food, but don’t make it a habit, they’ve got work to do. “Ah, here we are. Our entrance.” The boy stopped in front of a stack of barrels. “You’ll want to listen closely to this or you won’t be able to get into the common room and will be left sleeping with the elves, smelling like vinegar.” The first years laughed. He continued, “To get in, you must tap the barrel two from the bottom, middle of the second row, in the rhythm of ‘Helga Hufflepuff.’” He then demonstrated and the lid swung open. “It’s a bit of a crawl, but that’s alright. Go on then.” One by one the kids crawled into the common room. When Ben passed through he noticed that the whole place was bright, despite the fact that it was beginning to get dark outside. The whole place vaguely reminded him of home, with their garden and rugs. Maybe his mum really missed the common room and tried to make their home more like it. Ben loved it. “It’s pretty late, so it’s best that you find your dormitories. Through that cellar, boys to the left, girls to the right. Down the tunnels and you’ll feel which room is yours. Trust me. Alright. Off you go!” Snap waved them off. Ben followed the instructions and went down the boy’s tunnel. He must have walked past five doors before he felt his body tingle with magic. Two other boys stopped in front of that door, too. He opened the door. The dormitory was just as comfortable as the common room. There were four beds and on the beds were quilts, similar to the ones his mum had in the cupboard. There were warm copper lamps throughout the room that were probably enchanted to give of heat when it was cold and a weird, long thing that looked like a pan on the wall. He immediately loved it. ✶✶✶ Classes had been going on for months it seemed. Ben thought his classes were easy enough and he loved learning more and more about magic and the history of the wizarding world. He had even made friends in Hufflepuff thanks to Poe and he got along with the other boys sleeping in his dormitory. Ben had even made it a point to study in the library with Phasma, Mitaka and Hux, who were the same classes as he was since Hufflepuffs and Slytherins had class together. They all got along great. Ben and Hux had managed to even sit near each other during most of their classes, which was great since Ben was horrible at Potions and it was the class where Hux excelled in. “Ben, what are you doing for Christmas holidays?” Phasma asked while they were in the library waiting for Mitaka and Hux. “Oh, my parents want me to come back home.” Ben said. “So, I’ll probably do that.” “I might go home, too. My parents want to take me to Paris during the holidays, which will be a nice change.” She said. “Mainly when I’m home it’s boring or inviting the boys over for flying.” “That’s more than what I do. I just read in my room or help around the house. I’d also go to muggle school.” Ben said. “I’ve heard about muggle school, I think. Honestly it’s pointless to have sent you. You don’t need to learn those things for magic.” Ben shrugged. “My mum thought it would be good for me not to sit around and do nothing all day.” “I was homeschooled in magic. I learned my first hex at the age of six, had my nanny’s legs locked until my father found her and released the spell. I thought I’d be in so much trouble but they had the House Elf make a cake for me.” She smiled proudly. Mitaka and Hux walked up to the table at that moment. Hux sat next to Ben. “What are we talking about?” “Christmas hols.” Phasma answered. “Ben’s going home and I’m going to Paris.” “Oh, I’m staying here.” Hux said. “Don’t much feel like attending important dinners every night. Mum is upset, but she’ll get over it. It’s only one year.” “I’ll be going to America. I hate it there but they haven’t given me the option of staying. Mum says me spending Christmas Eve with her in non-negotiable.” Mitaka frowned. “My dad is from America.” Ben said. “He took me once, but it was to a farm. There were a lot of cows.” “That’s cute.” Hux teased. Ben felt his face heating up. “Ben is part cowman.” “It’s a cowboy and I’m not.” Ben muttered. Hux just laughed. “I would rather go see cows, though than accompany my mum to her weekly ‘important’ dinners. They will be the death of me.” Hux sighed dramatically. “You could always come to my house for Christmas.” Ben offered. Hux looked at him oddly. “Or not.” “I think you should go. It might do you some good to be around a muggle.” Mitaka said. “It would upset father.” Hux said thoughtfully. “And you wouldn’t be alone on Christmas hols.” Phasma joined in. “Mum makes the best food.” Ben said. “With no stuffy dinner guests.” Hux smiled. “Okay, fine.” Phasma and Mitaka smirked at each other. ✶✶✶ Hux had somehow managed to convince his father to let him stay at a friend’s house for the holidays. Of course, he had neglected to let his father know who he would be staying with. He’d simply write him after break. Ben sat waiting at King’s Cross for his parents. Hux sat next to him. He was oddly quiet. “Are you alright?” Hux looked up. “Why would you ask that?” “You’ve barely said a word the whole trip.” Ben said. “Oh… I was only thinking.” “About?” Ben asked. “Well, I’ve never actually been around a muggle before.” Hux admitted. “Father never let me.” Ben just looked at him and laughed. “It’s not funny!” Hux said, indignantly. “It is!” Ben laughed again when Hux shoved his arm. “Muggles are like us but without the magic.” “How do they do things?” “With their hands? I don’t know, they just do. You’ll see.” Just then Ben’s mother came running through the wall that separated Platform 9 ¾ and Muggle King’s Cross. “Oh, Ben I am so sorry. Your father decided to drive us and there was traffic.” She rolled her eyes. “That man will be the death of me. Oh, hello, you must be Armitage.” Hux nodded. “Hello, Mrs. Solo-Organa.” She smiled. “You can call me, Leia.” “Alright.” Hux got up and picked up his bag. Ben got up too. “Come along, then. Your father also stopped to buy pastries, I’m sure you’re hungry from the ride.” She walked back out and the two boys followed her. When they got to the car, Ben’s father was listening to music in the front seat. He smiled wide when he saw them. “Hey there, boys!” He yelled over the music. After they put their bags in the trunk, they got into the car. Ben’s mom immediately turned down the music and turned back to them. “Seatbelts on. Armitage, that’s the strap behind you. It clicks into the part at the bottom. Ben will help you.” Ben put his seatbelt on and helped Hux with him. He could tell that Hux hated not knowing what to do. He’d never been in a car before and it would only get worse. “This is horrible.” Hux whispered. Ben smiled. “It’s only a little bit horrible.” He whispered back. Ben’s mother handed them a bag. “Don’t eat too much or you’ll ruin your appetite before dinner. Your father is making ribs.” “That was supposed to be a surprise, Leia.” He replied. She rolled her eyes and smiled at Ben. “I missed you so much, darling.” Ben’s cheeks began to heat up. “Mum…” “Leia, not in front of the kid’s friend.” His father laughed. With another roll of the eyes she sat to the front and turned the music back on. Then they pulled out of the parking space and drove out of the lot. Ben turned to Hux, who was nervously looking down at his hands. “What’s wrong?” Hux’s head snapped up. “Nothing.” “Something.” Ben countered. “This isn’t like flying. I don’t like it.” He said under his breath. Ben understood. It was kind of like how he didn’t like being on the boats when they first took him to Hogwarts. Ben held out his hand and whispered, “You can hold my hand if it helps.” Hux’s eyes drifted down to Ben’s hand and back up to his face. He frowned. “Are you sure?” “I’m sure.” Still, Hux didn’t take his hand. Eventually, Ben got tired of waiting and took Hux’s hand in his. In return, Ben received a halfhearted squeeze. They sat like that the entire ride to Ben’s house. Every time the car stopped or sped up, Hux would squeeze Ben’s hand and he’d squeeze back. When they finally pulled into the driveway, Hux let go. Ben didn’t understand why, but he didn’t want him to. “You boys will have to share a room, but if you want I can transfigure the bed to be big enough.” His mum said. Ben and Hux nodded. They got their bags out from the back and followed Ben’s parents into the house. Hux looked around with a slight frown. “None of the pictures are moving, is there something wrong with them?” “Muggle frames don’t move.” Ben said. “Follow me.” Hux followed him up to his room. It hadn’t changed since the day he left to Hogwarts. Ben suddenly felt embarrassed by the amount of muggle kid’s toys he had sitting around. “None of these move?” Hux asked. Ben shook his head. “Muggle toys move, but you have to make them move. Mum always said it was safer to have muggle toys than to have wizard toys because Dad had his friends over.” Hux crinkled his nose. “I don’t see how any of this can be fun.” Ben frowned. He didn’t like the fact that Hux was already talking bad about the way he grew up. “It was fun to me. I had an imagination.” “I have one, too.” Hux said with his nose turned up. “I pretended to be a Quidditch star who had many fans.” “I pretended to be a pilot who traveled the world in his own plane. My dad used to be able to fly one.” Ben said and showed Hux one of his toy airplanes. “Is that a plane? Your father could fit in that?” His eyes grew wide. Ben laughed. “No, they’re much larger in real life. Maybe one day we can show you what a real plane looks like.” Ben said. He held out the toy to Hux. “You can keep it if you want.” Hux eyed the toy but shook his head. “My father would set it on fire the moment he saw it.” Ben put it back without a word. “How do muggles do all of this without magic?” Hux asked. Ben shrugged. “They use their minds and hands. My dad works on cars a lot and helps build stuff with wood.” “That must take ages.” Hux said. “I prefer magic.” “It does take ages and sometimes mum prefers to use magic to fix things, but dad hates to have it in the house. He says that if we want things done right, then we can’t be lazy about it. Mum gets angry.” Ben said. “It sounds like he’s just angry he can’t be magic himself.” Hux sniffed. “Probably.” Ben agreed. But deep down, he wasn’t happy that Hux didn’t approve of how he lived before Hogwarts. It almost felt as if Ben himself were being rejected by his friend. ✶✶✶ The day had gone by quick and Ben was exhausted. He knew Hux was too by the amounts of times he yawned. “I had wanted to show you the telly, but I’m too tired to watch a movie right now.” Ben mumbled. Hux looked at him weird. “I have no idea what half of the words you said were.” “Oh… well, a telly is a box where there’s moving pictures and sound and they form a movie, which is a story.” Ben explained and yawned. “Tomorrow for sure.” “Okay.” Hux said without enthusiasm. “Bedtime. I think mum expanded the bed already.” They went upstairs to Ben’s room. His mum had expanded the bed and left extra covers and pillows. Hux immediately crawled into bed. “I’m about ready for today to be over.” Ben nodded and got into bed beside Hux. “Did you hate it?” “Hate what?” “Hate everything… Hate the muggle world?” Ben asked. Hux was quiet. “I don’t think so.” Ben smiled. “Okay.” “It’s just… odd for me. I’m used to magic everywhere. My father uses magic for everything and if it’s not him or mum, then it’s the house elves.” Hux whispered. “This …. non-magic… I don’t know.” “Does it scare you?” Because magic sometimes scared Ben. “I’m not scared.” He said indignantly. “I was.” Ben admitted. “The wizarding world is scary sometimes.” “You think so?” “Yeah.” Ben nodded. “The potions can kill you and the school teaches us jinxes that can put us in the infirmary.” Hux laughed. “But that’s all fun.” “Yeah, but it’s still scary.” “I guess the muggle world is scary.” Hux sighed. “That carriage was absolutely horrible. There weren’t any horses or magic to make them move!” Ben smiled a little. “They run on gas.” Hux busted out laughing. “Gas?” “Not that type of gas.” Ben laughed. “It’s a different gas.” “Oh.” Hux said through his laughter. “They’re safe. Muggles make the cars safe.” “Is that what they’re called? Cars?” He asked. “Yeah, we have buses and trains, too!” Ben whispered. “It’s like the wizarding world, but without magic.” “We don’t have cars.” “Maybe soon you will?” Ben said. Hux shrugged. “I’d be okay without them.” He yawned. “I think I’ll sleep now.” Ben yawned, too. “Me too.” Ben’s dreams were odd to say the least. They were dark, which hardly made sense to him considering he’d had a relatively happy childhood. There was screaming and crying and fighting. Ben spent his time in his dream whimpering. He hated it. He’d tried telling his mother about them, but she only shook her head and told him not to worry about them. They were only dreams, but the look in her eyes said something else. Something Ben was too afraid to ask about. So he let it go and went back to sleep with the hope that the dreams would stop. They never did. Even with Hux next to him, the dreams woke him up. Hux didn’t move in his sleep, though. Ben was grateful for that at least. The last thing he wanted him to know was that he had nightmares. His housemates in Hufflepuff knew, but they’d never tell a soul. Ben had made them promise. Ben got out of bed as quietly as he could and left the room. He needed something to drink. His throat felt dry. Every part of him hoped he didn’t yell in his sleep. He did that sometimes. “Ben what are you doing up?” His mother asked. He shrugged. “Nightmares.” “You didn’t wake your friend up, did you?” “No, he’s still sleeping.” She relaxed. “I didn’t want him to feel bad, but you shouldn’t have brought him here.” “Mum, he would have been alone…” Ben said. He didn’t know why his mother was saying this. “I know and that’s why I allowed him to come, but his father isn’t going to be very happy when he finds out. And he will find out, Ben.” She said before he could even get the words out. “Mum…” “Don’t ‘mum’ me. I’m allowing him to stay, but it can’t happen again. Understand?” She was stern. “I understand.” Ben muttered. “Good, now go to bed.” She pointed back toward the stairs. “But- “Bed. Now.” Ben groaned but walked upstairs and back to his room. Hux was sitting up and looking at him. “Where were you?” “Nowhere, go back to sleep.” Ben said grumpily. “I won’t do that. Where did you go?” Hux glared at him. It was obvious that Hux didn’t like being told what to do. “I was down getting water… I woke up.” Ben said, avoiding the part where he woke up from horrible nightmares. “Oh.” “Yeah, I’m going back to sleep now.” Ben got back under the covers and faced Hux. “You should, too.” Hux looked down at him. “Yeah…. maybe you’re right.” ✶✶✶ The Christmas holiday had gone by quickly. Ben managed to keep his nightmares a secret and showed Hux most of his favorite muggle things and traditions. He asked Hux to help set the tree the muggle way and in turn, Ben’s mum made them homemade cookies that they could decorate themselves. Though Hux wouldn’t admit it, Ben thought he’d had fun. Hux also ended up loving the telly. He watched Christmas movies back to back with Ben’s dad. Ben had even caught him humming along to Frosty the Snowman while they were decorating the cookies. Ben had only smiled. Now, it was time for them to go back to Hogwarts. Ben thought that his parents were a bit relieved to have them go back, but he didn’t want to think about that. Hux had been wearing the muggle jean jacket that Ben’s mum had given him since he got it and now he was pulling it off. “Do you think your mum would know if I never wore this again?” Ben looked at him. “Why?” “Because I can’t go around the Slytherin common room wearing muggle clothes. They’d eat me alive. I want to upset my father, sure, but I don’t have a death wish.” Hux said and tossed the jacket to Ben. “You could have it, though.” “I don’t want it.” Ben said, trying to hold in his frustration. “Well I don’t want it, either.” Hux tried to push it into Ben’s hands. “It’d look good on you. You should wear it.” Ben paused long enough for Hux to leave the jacket and sit back down. “I…” “I can’t keep it.” Hux shrugged. “Same reason why I can’t have anything that isn’t magical.” “Okay.” Ben said. Hux might have known how upset Ben was, but he didn’t say anything of it. Instead, he said, “I can’t wait to get back to Hogwarts.” “Yeah.” “I miss using my magic. Plus, I’m sure mum and father have sent my gifts there.” He continued, an excited note in his voice appeared toward the end. “Mum always sends sweets.” “That’s great.” “You could come with me to the common room. If she’s sent some, you could try them.” Hux offered. “No thanks, I think I just want to settle in.” Ben half smiled. “Oh.” Hux whispered, then more loudly said, “That’s alright. More sweets for me. Maybe if Phasma is back, she’ll want a few. I won’t allow Mitaka anywhere near them. He’ll want to eat them all or at least try to sneak all the good ones.” Ben just looked at Hux. He didn’t know what to say. He had felt like he let Hux down, he had wanted the trip to be fun for him, but Hux’s main thought about it all was that he wanted to get back to the great world of magic. “You’re awfully quiet.” Hux said. “I’m… I’m just tired.” Hux shrugged. “You can sleep if you want.” But Ben knew he couldn’t do that, so he just shook his head. “That’s alright.” Ben and Hux didn’t really talk on the way back to Hogwarts. Ben tried to fight his sleep until he could make his way into his safe dormitory and Hux fell asleep almost immediately. He almost envied how quiet Hux was while he slept. When they got to the castle, Ben went to his dormitory without so much as a word to the other boy. He couldn’t really explain what he was feeling. He knew he was angry with Hux, but not really. Ben still liked Hux and wanted to stay friends. He just… didn’t know how to be friends with someone like Hux. Someone who deep down judged every aspect of how Ben grew up. It hurt him and really didn’t know who to be angrier at. Him or Hux. Either way, he was stuck with a sick feeling in his stomach. The best thing Ben could do now is avoid Hux and that’s exactly what he did. When classes started back up, he begged Phasma to switch partners with him and Mitaka was okay with it, in fact he even welcomed Ben. Ben started spending lunch time with his Hufflepuff roommates instead of at the Slytherin table and ignored the looks that Hux would give him. Any of them. And he had been able to distract himself just in time, every time, when Hux tried to talk to him. He just didn’t want to deal with it. Any of it. It wasn’t until Phasma and Mitaka pulled him aside near the end of the year, did it really blow up in his face. “What are you doing?” Ben looked at Phasma, confused. “I’m not doing anything.” “Ever since we got back from holiday break, you’ve been avoiding Hux. Why?” Mitaka spoke this time. “Did he do something?” Ben froze. “Not… not exactly.” “So, why?” He asked. “Because we aren’t meant to be friends.” Ben said. “He’s all about magic and everything about me isn’t.” “Of course you are and really, Ben, he isn’t used to it.” Phasma said. “But he knew what it might be like and he went and you’ve hurt him.” “I’ve hurt him?” Ben asked. Mitaka nodded. “Don’t tell him we told you, though. He’s been learning about hexes.” “He hurt me.” “How?” Phasma asked. “Or you know what, you should talk to him about this.” “What? No. I don’t want to talk to him.” “You have to!” Mitaka whispered. “We’re all friends and it’s getting tiring seeing him like that and besides, I miss Phasma as my potions partner. She let me copy off her work.” Ben looked down. “How can we be friends if he doesn’t like my family and how I live outside of Hogwarts?” “Hux doesn’t even like his family, but he likes you. A lot. You’re his friend.” Phasma said. “Just talk to him?” Ben sighed and nodded. “Okay.” “He’s in the library.” Mitaka added, helpfully. Ben nodded again and gave his friends a small smile. They waved him away and he had no choice but to go to the library. The moment he walked in, he saw Hux writing whatever homework was due. He didn’t noticed Ben until he was in front of him. “Hi.” Hux looked up and frowned. “Ben.” “Can I sit?” He shrugged and put down his quill. Ben sat down in the empty seat across from him. “What do you want?” “We need to talk, I think.” “You think? Fantastic.” Hux rolled his eyes. “You can go then.” “No, wait…” “Look, I have to study for our exams.” Hux said through tight lips. “So, if you don’t have anything to say, you should go and do the same.” Ben sighed. “I’m sorry.” “You’re sorry?” Ben nodded. “I am.” “Well, that’s good for you.” Hux sniffed and picked up his quill. “You can go now.” “I shouldn’t have ignored you when we came back.” Hux slammed the quill back down, causing a few students to look their way. “No, you shouldn’t have.” “I know.” “Then why did you do it? I tried being a good friend.” Hux said. “Because it seemed like you didn’t like where I came from.” Ben muttered. “I felt like you were judging me.” “I wasn’t judging you.” “It felt like you were. Everything there was weird for you and you made faces a lot and then you didn’t keep the gift my mum got for you.” Ben said in a rush. Hux’s eyes widened. “This was about the jacket?” “It was rude.” “ Ben , I can’t take that home. My father would burn it and then… I just couldn’t take it with me. It was better left with you.” Hux said. “I didn’t know it bothered you so much.” Ben felt his cheeks redden. “It did.” “I really did like it at your home… I just wasn’t used to it.” Hux said. “I was an outsider there.” “I didn’t realize.” Ben said sheepishly. Hux sighed. “I still want us to be friends.” “Me too.” ✶✶✶ Exams were finally over. Ben was grateful for the quiet relaxing they had on the train back home. He was tired and since everything that had been troubling him since Christmas was fixed that day in the library, he could finally rest. Phasma was talking excitedly about her trip to China and Mitaka was playing wizard’s chest with Hux. Ben smiled to himself. This is what he was missing and he knew he’d miss it again during the summer. He looked at Hux and Hux looked up and smiled at him, then turned his attention back to the game. When they got off the train, Phasma and Mitaka said their goodbyes and ran to their families. Hux looked at Ben. “If you write, use Phasma’s name. My father will probably screen my mail.” “You want me to write?” Hux rolled his eyes. “Of course I want you to write. Do you have an owl?” Ben shook his head. “But I can ask mum to buy me one.” “Okay.” Hux said. “I’ll see if I can send you some of mum’s sweets. You didn’t get to try them before.” Ben smiled and nodded. “I’ll be looking forward to that.” Hux looked behind Ben and frowned. “My father is- “Okay.” Hux smiled slightly and then held a hand out to him. “Bye.” Ben took it and shook his hand. “Bye.” The boy took his hand back and walked away to his father, who looked like an older version of his son. The man looked at Ben oddly and turned to walk toward the entrance of the platform. Ben then noticed his own parents standing by. He ran to them. His father pulled him in. “Hey buddy.” “Hey.” “So, was it alright?” His mother asked. Ben nodded. “It was.” “Well, I’m glad you had fun, love. Let’s get you home.” Ben nodded and let his parents lead him away from his new life. Hopefully it wouldn’t be too long till he could return. Notes: This is just a bit of fun and will go into all seven years. I hope it's enjoyable for now because I can't promise it'll be that way for long. Thank you for reading, I appreciate it!