He woke up in a bacta tank, disoriented and furious. The scavenger had beaten him and worse than that, refused him. No one refused him! He fumed as the Stormtroopers pulled him out and the medical droid checked him over. He didn’t have time for this! He needed to go after the scavenger – this time he would win. All his wounds were sealed, with scars left in their place – they would fade with time. The slash on his face was a reminder, a reason to push himself harder. When Hux told him that Snoke called him to finish his training, his fury burned bright for a moment. It settled down when he realized that the scavenger had found Skywalker – he could feel it through the Force. She would be stronger when they met again, but so would he – and this time he wouldn’t have a stinging hole in his side shot by the walking carpet. (Uncle Chewie, the Light inside him reminded with little Ben’s voice.) I was supposed to be free of you , he thought, his teeth grinding. Nothing replied. The training was grievous. His muscles ached, his lungs burned and the Force felt like fire running through him. Still he persisted, throwing himself back into it, focused and driven. He would make the scavenger regret refusing his guidance. (Uncle Luke, chimed the Light, sullen. Even his younger self was disillusioned by the older Jedi. Rey , it chimed again and Ben gritted his teeth. Don’t leave me , it cried with her voice and he remembered his failure. His first failure to kill her.) The training was grueling, but he still felt the Light burning inside him. No matter how many he killed, even his f- Solo , it persisted through all that. The caress on his face when Solo died had been like a breeze through the buried embers – they took fire, and he couldn’t extinguish him. I am glad it wasn’t mother , he thought, knowing that he would have failed even worse. When he saw the scavenger again, she had become a woman. The swell of her breasts was visible from the low-cut shirt and she carried herself differently – still every bit a warrior, but with new confidence in herself and her skills. The new clothing suited her, rounding her hips and emphasizing the narrow waist. She was stunning, he realized, and gritted his teeth. I never should have saved her , the Dark spoke with Snoke’s voice. She is trouble . They were evenly matched, but Kylo had more training, had the Dark searing him and keeping him agitated and his movements flowing, his steps barely touching the ground as he anticipated her every move. When she stumbled, his new saber pressed so close to her neck she must have felt the heat. He hesitated, the childish cry ringing in his ears again – she was the only one of the padawans who liked him, who genuinely wanted to spend time with him, he didn’t want to erase her memories – and the moment passed when his old Master appeared. Kylo pulled back, knowing that he couldn’t face them both alone, and ignored the happy voice chiming in his ears. You saved her , little Ben exclaimed. You saved her! There was no time , he thought. Skywalker was there. I couldn’t face them both . The lie burned inside him – he could have easily pressed the tip of his saber through her neck and faced Skywalker after his last apprentice was dead. He didn’t because he didn’t want to see the scavenger dead. Didn’t want to see Rey dead. How far I have fallen , he thought, and then scoffed. I am exactly where I was when I left – still unable to kill her. This will be my downfall . He didn’t expect her to be what would save him when Snoke turned against him, infuriated by his failures. The smaller hand in his pulled him away as Luke faced his old Master – and how ironic was that – and he asked why . Because you spared me. Because Luke told me it wasn’t the first time , she spoke into his head. I don’t remember , she glared at him. You did something to me . Ben nodded. I erased your memories. It was the first time – I don’t know how well I succeeded . Later, after Snoke was dead and Luke declared alive and likely to recover, she spoke to him with words. “I still hate you. For what you did to Han, to Finn, to Poe, to me, to your mother. She still loves you, after all this.” Could you love me? He wanted to ask. She heard him anyway. No! She exclaimed. Maybe , she admitted. No. I don’t know . I understand , he replied, a hint of a smile on his lips. Can you show me to my mother? When Leia pulled him into an embrace and whispered Ben , Kylo felt the small flames flickering around the embers blaze high and roar , pushing the Dark away. Not away , she warned him, and Ben nodded. I know. Mother . He buried his face in her shoulder and cried.