The Altered Beginning Rey shifted with unease on the small cot in her makeshift hut within the nest of the aged, dark green hills of Ahch-To. The winds that blew through the thatched roof and thin walls around her chilled her body as rain battered down from the angry black clouds that hung in the sky, and it all did little to cease the incessant thoughts that flitted through her mind and would not allow her to sleep. After awhile, the howling thunder and excessive creaks of age from the legs of the cot became an annoyance as she tossed and turned with a restlessness that would not abate. It had been three day cycles since the death of Han Solo and the successful destruction of the feared Starkiller Base, but It had also been three day cycles since Rey had seen the one who called himself Kylo Ren. Despite the events that had happened and all that she had seen, Rey dreamt of him- of Ren. That was why, as the waves of the ocean below her crashed against each other and attacked the rocks, she lay awake and unsure of the world around her. She had seen the mythical Luke Skywalker for the first time only a few hours prior, but when she’d held the warm, legendary lightsaber out in front of him, he’d looked at her with an almost disbelieving, and maybe even fearful glare in his eyes. She’d asked him if he would train her and if he would return to his sister’s side in hopes of aiding the Resistance, but none of it seemed to matter to him. He’d simply turned from where he stood in the grassy field to the ocean to leave her in silence as she waited for him to deliver his thoughts. She’d clipped the lightsaber to her belt after awhile without any dissuasion from him as she stood in her place behind him, her feet feeling as if they were rooted to the ground in her torturously long wait for his decision, He never ended up answering her. Instead, he turned back around and breezed past her with a chaste order that seemed rushed. ”Go to one of the huts that lies out on the outcropping. I will have made my decision by morning.” She didn’t bother arguing with him, as to argue would be cause for less consideration, or so she thought- her minimal successes bent on negotiating for better payment on her finds with the junk bosses on Jakku had taught her that. And so, she now found herself a temporary inhabitant of Luke’s sanctuary. Even still, Rey couldn’t quite shake off that something wasn’t right about him and about the situation she was in. He’d looked at her with none of the kindness that had shown through Leia’s or Finn’s eyes, and he seemed…. Weary of her, as if he thought she might do something to cause him pain or discomfort. While one part of her felt like she should be here, another part of her screamed to get away from him and to never return. She let her thoughts fall back to all the unfamiliar emotions she'd felt after her time with the masked monster on Starkiller Base, her body beginning to shake from the sudden boom of thunder. Ever since the night she’d dueled him, she would have nightly flashbacks and dreams of him, his alabaster, yet somehow non-threatening face bathed in the blood red light that his lightsaber would cast upon him while he ran after her during a storm that was much like the one happening outside, her name tumbling from his lips in a pleading tone that made her want to stop running. Even the dreams of him could not stifle all the thoughts of being afraid to leave Jakku, the only place she could call a home. He didn’t scare her, but she wondered why it was that of everything she could dream about, she dreamt of him. It was only when a feeling of calm washed over her that she allowed her eyes to lower in the knowledge that she would soon dream of the same man that had frequented them for the past three day cycles, but unbeknownst to her, Luke had sent that soothing feeling to her to begin the first stage of his plan. The screaming winds continued to sound, and then the rain abruptly stopped its assault on Ahch-To. The sky was chaos, but Ahch-To had endured its rage, for now. It was after the rain stopped its descent that the Luke Skywalker moved through the night with a plan that had unfurled within his head during the storm. He had not slept, as the presence of one of the last apprentices he’d taken on to be part of the new generation of Jedi Knights before the horrible Jedi Massacre was within his reach, now. She was the reason that Ben Solo, his estranged nephew, had died and Kylo Ren had been born, and being that she was grown, now, she was at the height of her power through which she would be able wield the Force. She was too great of a threat to train, as he feared for the lives of those within the Resistance as well as himself, should she choose the path of the one who’d destroyed everything that Luke stood for, and perhaps even the fate of the galaxy. Kylo had done it all for her, and if Luke trained her, her Force-Signature would be like a beacon, and Kylo would be like a moth to her flame. Luke would not take that chance. He would go back and see his sister, yes, but he would not allow her to endanger herself or the galaxy on the chance that she chose to embrace the Dark Side. And so, as he pulled aside the greyed cloth that she’d hung over the arched doorway of the hut, he decided to do what he’d done when she’d been but a child. He would again erase her memories, but only those she’d come to have during and after meeting the droid, that BB-unit that’d been holding the last piece of the map. The same piece that he had bestowed upon Lor San Tekka with the sole purpose of hiding his whereabouts. He watched her like a hawk, his glare unmoving from her strained face as she trembled. Thunder rolled around them, and the rain threatened to fall again with small drops that began to come down from the angered sky. It was as if the Force was condemning him for this, but he would go through with his plan. Or, perhaps the Force was only telling him that her darkness would not surface if he erased her memory, and he was quelling it’s anger. She looked harmless enough in her sleep, but when her hand shot down to clutch at the metal staff that rested on the floor before her, he knew she was a threat, even if that was when was asleep. He didn’t let himself reconsider, as his choice had been made, and he doubted that he would regret it. He reminded himself again that he was doing this for her own good and that of the Galaxy, and that this was the only way to keep each safe. Lightning flashed as he raised his left hand over her head, just inches from where she shook in her fitful slumber, and then he allowed himself to let go of all the feelings of apprehension and uneasiness, and, like a waterfall, let serenity replace it as it fell over him. “I’m sorry, Rey. I’m so sorry,” he murmured. The rain began to fall again, but this time, it was much more forceful, the drops pounding against the hut. Rey winced, her brows knitting together as Luke pushed past the barriers of her mind. Though an easy task, it became more difficult as he navigated through, as he was met with some resistance.She defensively put up haphazard barriers that were too weak to keep him from going to the memories that he needed. Once he found the memories, he pulled them from her subconscious, burning them away with his own Force power as they were cast into bits until nothing was left. He took his time with each, making sure to tear them apart as meticulously as he could to ensure their total decimation. When he looked through her memories to assure himself that she would have no recollection of anything leading up to and after her encounters with the droid, the Resistance, and Kylo Ren, he allowed himself to leave her mind. Thunder yelled at him through the sky, and Luke watched as Rey’s expression relaxed, her fingers slowly uncurling from the metal staff below her. He felt horrible for taking away memories that he knew she would’ve wanted to keep, but he kept telling himself that it was for the good of the Galaxy, and that it had to have been done. He lowered his hand back to his side and turned without another thought, disappearing into the night to begin the next phase in his plan while the rain hurtled down upon him. ************************************************************************************************************************************************ Not even sleep could find him during the late hours of the night cycles aboard the Finalizer as he punched the steel wall in front of him repeatedly, only pulling his throbbing fists away when he’d split all of the knuckles and his dark, crimson fluid dripped from his pale hands. His anger this time was centered on the sole fact that the Supreme Leader would not allow him to go out on the field and lead his Knights in combat. He not only would have been able to take his anger out on the targets they’d been assigned to slay, but he also would’ve been able to gain more insight into where the girl had vanished to. She had, yet again, condemned him to solitude as she’d done all of those years ago. If he could not lead his Knights and utilize the power he was confident that he had to find her , he would take his anger out on the durasteel of the training room. He’d only just been released from the Medbay, and his body ached even after having been confined to it for the entirety of the time after his battle with her on Starkiller Base. It had taken Hux almost half of a day cycle to get him to the Finalizer, and when there, Ren was glad to have been wearing his mask, as every step he took made him wince. He’d not gotten any help on the way there, despite how difficult it was for him, having been struck with his grandfather’s own lightsaber on the face, shoulder, arm, and knee. His leg had been the most painful injury, despite the fact that he couldn’t move his right shoulder or arm. The injures made him weak, and Snoke did not tolerate weakness, but the crushing defeat at Starkiller Base had been one with which the whole of the First Order was at fault, so Ren was confident he wouldn’t be punished, at least not as badly as he’d been when he was smaller and more ignorant. Snoke needed Force-Users. Kylo knew he was the only one, and that made him significant. As if knowledge of some kind of punishment by the Supreme Leader wasn’t enough, he could not ignore the humiliation he felt at the stares of the loathsome Stormtroopers and others that were far beneath him as he limped to the Medbay on his return to the Finalizer. Even as his consciousness had been waning, he made a mental note to make certain that whoever was allowing all of them to wander aimlessly would find an unfortunate end at his hand. Hux, the damned fool , had told him to go straight to the Medbay under the Supreme Leader’s orders, but he’d had the gall to inform Ren that he was not authorized to use a bacta tank. Instead, the Supreme Leader had given orders to have Ren’s major injuries treated with controlled applications of bacta by the doctor in charge until he was well enough to leave. It was clear to Ren what the Supreme Leader meant by the notion. If he was not strong enough to live and be of use with the ailments he’d sustained, he would either die by the Supreme Leader’s hand or by that of infection. His scars had all closed up, now, and he could finally use his right arm again. Unlike the rest of his injuries, a very minimal amount of bacta had been applied to the scar that now ran across his face, it’s raised, red edges no longer burning through his skin. Ren liked the scars. His grandfather had had scars, and such things showed a brutality and aura of power when one had a life well-lived in the thrall of combat. He also liked the scar on his face because it reminded him of her , and how much of an effect that that she’d had on him. He didn’t have to the see the scar to be reminded of how powerful and fiery she was. All he had to do was raise his hand to his face. Perhaps he should have been enraged that she’d been victorious in their fight during the night, but he couldn’t… Not after he’d recognized who she was. Not after she’d looked so mesmerizing as the darkness had swelled within and around her, the tendrils of it so alluring that even she had basked in it. Were it anyone else that he would’ve had to battle with in the forest on Starkiller Base, he would’ve killed them without a second thought. He would not have hesitated or become reluctant. He would’ve allowed the pain and anger to empower him and release his wraith on whoever dared oppose him, but she wasn’t just anyone to him. The girl that he’d dueled in the forest had been the same person that he’d ended Luke’s tainted and horrid academy for, and he would be damned if he didn’t bring her back to his side. As he stood in the training room that was only a few doors down from his own quarters, he turned to peer out through the transparisteel and into the black abyss of space that loomed before him, and wondered how his life would’ve been different if she’d only just accepted him and allowed him to be her teacher. Suddenly, he felt something tug at his conscience. Curious, he followed the invisible thread until he felt her . Something was happening and he could feel it. All at once, he felt as if fractions of his past were being tossed around and jumbled in his head, and he fought with an intensity to keep his mind clear and untouched from whatever was happening to her…. To Rey. A Force-Signature that he hadn’t detected for years abruptly pulsed through the invisible thread, but just as soon as it appeared, it disappeared. It had only been seconds, but Kylo knew who it was and had a worried thought that Rey had somehow been hurt by Luke Skywalker, his uncle. Rage swelled within him then, and he thought about all the ways he would make his uncle suffer when he finally encountered Luke. He had a sense that Luke was involved in what had just happened, and he would make Luke feel a pain so terrible that he would beg for his death if Kylo’s instincts were ringing true and he had manipulated her again, but before he could act, the HoloMessenger in the corner of the room went off, it’s chime a special arrangement of sounds that was used only by the Supreme Leader when Ren was being summoned. He briefly considered telling the Supreme Leader about the… whatever it was that had just happened, but he had a strong inclination to keep it from Snoke, and Kylo Ren was never one to go against his instincts, and right now, they were telling him that it was not the time to disclose what had occured with him and Rey. And so, Kylo lowered his gnarled mask over his head, and then stalked away from the training room, but not before he casted one last glance out of the transparisteel, his eyes searching for something he couldn’t have. At least not yet. His deep voice came from the voice modulator, the tone of it longing and sad. “I’m coming back for you, Reya. I promised you that I would.” Chapter 2 : The Order and the Dream Notes: Hello again, my darling readers! Welcome back to my fic ! Let me just say that I am truly humbled by the wonderful comments and kudos that I've been receiving from you all, as your thoughts and support are just so amazing to a writer that is, for the first time, posting their work online for others to read :D This chapter is longer to make up for the fact that I took so long to update this fanfic, as I realize it's been a little while since I last uploaded! I feel that I should tell you the tentative schedule for updates on this work, so I think that you guys can expect to have another chapter up and ready to read every Monday from now on until I decide that it is time for this fic to end, but worry not, my darlings, for I do not plan to end it any time soon! Now, are you ready to read? Let's go!!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Something troubles you, Kylo Ren….. I can sense the….conflict within you." The gnarled, ghostly hand of the Supreme Leader lifted to point to the Master of the Knights of Ren, his voice carrying and echoing off of the dark space around them. Kylo continued to remain on one knee with his head lowered before the leader of the First Order, his newly healed injuries aching in the position. Ren waited for the Supreme Leader to speak again, thoughts still racing of Rey, though he was careful to maintain the mental barriers around the occurrence of what had happened with her only a few minutes prior. He wasn’t a fool. Snoke would search his mind and be able to see everything that Kylo felt and thought, and he would expose what Kylo wasn’t ready to admit even to himself. Snoke knew about his feelings towards Rey and what connected them together, as he’d known Ren for years, and though she was his catalyst in turning to the Dark Side, it was Snoke who had brought Kylo’s power to life, and in so doing giving him the position as master of the Knights of Ren. There was nothing that the Supreme Leader didn’t know about him, as the being had exploited Ren as a boy, the humanoid alien somehow revealing all of Kylo’s fears and desires to the point where he couldn’t run anymore. The hologram of the Supreme Leader flashed as he stood, his outstretched hand falling to rest at his side. “Stand, Kylo Ren. I have become weary of seeing you bow before me,” his voice rasped. Ren stood without thought, the motion ingrained within him as he’d done it many times before. Whatever the Supreme Leader had called him here for, he suspected that it would have something to do with his punishment for his failure on Starkiller Base, and so he waited, his body shifting on his feet to ease the pain that had shot through the leg that she’d struck during their duel in the forest. Ren was glad to have had his mask, as the Supreme Leader would’ve seen him wince in the pain that had so quickly pierced him. A memory of her played through his mind at the moment when Ren had had her up before the edge of a cliff in the forest, his face only inches from her own as their lightsabers had been locked together. All it had taken was the damned memory, as the Supreme Leader slowly narrowed his eyes with a cruel grin peeking at the edges of his slashed face as he looked down upon the masked man that stood before him. Snoke lowered himself back onto the throne that had sat behind him through the Hologram, but not before Ren lowered his head toward the Supreme Leader. “She entices you, Kylo Ren…. You yearn for her to be by your side, once more…..Even now, you desire what you cannot have….” Kylo balled his hand in a fist, the truth of the statement undeniable as he felt Snoke rip into his mind and sift through all of the thoughts and feelings that he’d had since the day he’d learned of a girl, a girl that had interfered with the escape of a certain BB unit and a traitorous Stormtrooper on Jakku. Hot pain sliced through his head as Snoke moved through different areas, the burning invasion of the Supreme Leader causing tremors to rack Ren’s body. Just as soon as the pain had started, it stopped as Snoke pulled away from his apprentice’s mind. A wide, malicious grin crossed the figure’s face as Ren steadied himself from the intrusion, and then the cold, raspy voice sounded through the chamber as an amused cackle came from him. “You are but a man, my apprentice. It is not a horrid thing to want for a companion. When you truly embrace the Darkness and become a Sith, your desire for her will be bolstered..... it is only in your nature,” he mused. Ren let out a deep breath that he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. It was clear to him that the creature before him would not harm his Reya. Else, he’d already have given the order to Kylo to kill her. Still, he prepared himself for a lecture that would not come. “I do find it...disappointing....to see that you have withheld some valuable information from me…” Ren lifted his head to meet the Supreme Leader’s unfeeling and cold eyes, his conflict swelling within him. “I am a man, Supreme Leader, but what am I to do?” Snoke’s gnarled arm slithered down the side of the throne, his long, skeletal fingers tapping on it, “It looks like I will have a use for you, yet, boy. Take off your mask. I want to look on your face when I disclose what it is that I brought you here for.” It was not without effort that he kept himself from grimacing, as the movement caused the wound on his side to throb, but Ren managed to remove the mask with a pneumatic hiss before he tucked it under his arm and met the black, beady eyes of the Supreme Leader. “What it is that I was brought here for? Am I to be punished?” Snoke leaned forward, his head craning to watch his apprentice. “No, dear boy. You’ll not be punished. I have a matter that I would like to discuss with you.” Raising his brows, Ren listened with interest. “It seems…..that Skywalker has bestowed….the gift of amnesia to….the girl you hold such compassion for.” The figure had no sooner finished before the walls around them began to rumble, cracks opening up from middle of the ceiling and crawling along, making smaller fissures in their wake as they snaked outwards. “No, that can’t be- He can’t have done that to her…” Ren shook his head, the pieces of what had happened in the training room falling together as he realized what must have happened. He’d felt her. Kylo had felt her memories being pulled away and torn to shreds by his corrupt and vile uncle, and he had not been able to do anything to stop it. Reya… His Reya had again had her mind trifled with and changed on account of someone else’s will. Ren knew that she was strong and that she would be able to handle herself even with her memory taken, but he would be damned if he didn’t destroy his uncle for eradicating her memories a second time. Stone began to fall around them, and it was then that Snoke spoke again, not bothering to move from his seated position. Ren suddenly heard the Supreme Leader's Force power thrum around him, and he effectively froze Ren in his place by an invisible power until the rumbling of the walls ceased and the stones stopped their descent to the floor. “I was not finished, apprentice. She may have a small fraction of memories that have been taken, but you have failed to see where this leaves an opportunity for the First Order. She knows….. nothing now of what we are, and with proper steps in place….. I believe that she can be made…..to serve the Order as you do, Kylo Ren.” Kylo’s mind reeled through everything he’d learned, but it was all so much. A question formed in his mind, and it soon left his lips. “If I may ask, Supreme Leader, how much has she forgotton?” “She has forgotten…. everything that has happened since coming into contact….with the droid that was carrying the map to Skywalker.” Snoke paused to allow his apprentice to take in what he was saying. After the many emotions that played out across Ren’s face, he continued. “I have begun to make preparations….. for her new addition to our ranks, Kylo Ren…. I suggest you do as well. I want you to find her….and then I want you to bring her to where she truly belongs.” A newfound sense of purpose and excitement trilled through him, and he suppressed the overwhelming urge to break free of the hold that Snoke had on him. Another question formed in Ren’s head, but he was hesitant with this one. “How am I to find her?” Snoke considered the masked man before him for a moment, and then he answered with a hint of smugness in his tone,” Use your newfound Force-Bond, boy. Don’t be naïve and try to hide your little secrets from me again, else I’ll give this mission to General Hux and leave you to keep taking your rage out on the walls of our training rooms.” Ren’s expression morphed from surprise to confusion to annoyance, and it was then that Supreme Leader allowed his Force-Hold to falter until Kylo Ren moved to put his mask on his head once more. As he lifted the heavy piece above his head, he felt a twinge of annoyance swirl within him at the thought of General Hux being near her, and he thought of all the ways he would disembowel the man if he so much as laid a finger on her. Reya was his , and his alone. With a grated voice, the Supreme Leader eased back into his throne, a wicked and vicious plan unfurling in his mind, “Kill anyone that gets in your way. Do not fail me a second time, Kylo Ren.” After the mask was in place, Ren bowed, his acknowledgment falling from his lips with the deepest sincerity. “Yes, Supreme Leader.” The rain continued to fall over Ahch-To, the water biting into Luke’s skin even through the layers of clothes that he wore. The winds had picked up again, but he was undeterred as he trudged through the grass fields and up the stony outcropping in his objective to reach Rey. He’d gone down to the rough stones of the system after leaving her to get Chewie and explain what happened, and the Wookie seemed to genuinely understand his motives and reasons for what he’d done. Soon after, Chewie agreed to help Luke return Rey to where it was that she would be able to live a life free of the intergalactic war that was going on around them, and so they had decided to take her to a place where Kylo Ren and the First Order would never find her. The two had decided to take the girl to Tatooine. Kylo Ren would never guess that she was there, and Luke was sure that Rey would be safe on his home planet, however rough and difficult it had been for him when he’d grown up there as a boy. Even with some of her memories taken from her, he had a feeling that she would be able to adapt well and survive there, seeing as how his and his father’s home planetary system was much like Jakku. Luke found himself at the makeshift door to her hut again, and he quickly held his hand out toward her, effectively using the Force to hold her in place and push her into an unconscious state so that she would not wake. While the memory wipe would render one unconscious for a long period of time, he didn’t want to take any chances of having her wake in the middle of the storm. He didn’t bother to stay silent as the Millenium Falcon sounded over his head in it’s descent to land in the large clearing that he and Rey had been on only hours prior. Lightning painted the sky with gold and white every now and then, but Luke barely took notice of it as Chewie picked up the girl and placed her over his back, the Wookie taking care to be gentle. Luke lowered his arm and watched the Wookie exit through the doorway, and when they vanished from sight, he looked around the dwelling, his eye catching on the dulled, grey quarterstaff that lay on the floor. He thought of when he’d seen the girl clutching it with vise like grip while she’d slept, and when he picked it up, it was surprisingly warm under his aged fingers. He didn’t sense the thrum of a kyber crystal within it, but he knew that if circumstances had been different and he’d decided to train her, the staff he was holding now would’ve been a wonderful piece for her to use to create the hilt of a lightsaber. He stood, slinging the strap of cloth that was wrapped around the middle of the weapon over his arm as he grabbed the small pack to the right of the cot. A twinge of remorse washed over him at the thought of the little belongings she would have to begin her new life with, but he told himself again that it was for the best and that she would be safer this way, soon pushing the feeling away. When he finally vacated the dwelling and again entered the storm that raged through the system, he cleared his mind and allowed peace to wash over him even through the rain that pelted that him. It was a short walk to the ship that had belonged to his best friend, and when he was finally aboard it, he couldn’t stop the barrage of memories that he’d come to have with the ship. He caught sight of the sleeping girl that lay upon the lounge behind the special game table that he remembered watching R2-D2 and Chewie play as a younger, more innocent man. Nothing had ever been simple for him. It seemed that was just the will of the Force. When he looked around, it was as if a Holoprojector was displaying his memories as he watched his younger self seated at the table while Leia held him close, the two of them desperate for comfort after his mentor of sorts had passed on at his own father’s hand. Soon the memory changed and he was standing with a lightsaber he should never had been gifted, a helmet on his head as he blocked blasters from the training droid while his mentor and best friend had watched. That had been before he’d met Leia, before he’d truly been a Jedi. It had been before he began his adventure with two individuals that he could trust and call friends for the entirety of his life. He was interrupted from his nostalgia when a frustrated yell from the Wookie sounded from the cockpit, and so he went to go pilot a ship that held more meaning for him than anything in the galaxy. It was a fitting, but sad reality that while he’d essentially gained a newer, better life after he’d taken his first step in the ship, the girl who slept wordlessly on the lounge would not, her fate decided by his own hand. As a child, Rey had always dreamed that she would wake from her sleep to find her family waiting for her outside of her makeshift home in the desert of Jakku. Every once in a while, she would dream of running in a clear grassfield while a sapphire sky was painted above her and waterfalls cascaded into a lake behind her, a boy of fifteen with ebony hair and alabaster skin chasing her. The two of them would be laughing with the such innocence until the boy caught her and they playfully rolled around in the grass together. The dreams about the boy had always seemed to ease her conscience and she looked back on them with fondness, unlike the dreams she would have about her family, as those made her sad. Something about the boy was…familiar, and when she’d wake, she would feel as if her mind was trying to tell her something, but she could never determine what. When she turned nine, she would dream less about her family. She began to imagine herself on an island where rain pounded against the rock with a ferocity that would make her grimace. The island was flanked by a dark, bottomless ocean with waves that whipped against one other while the wind screamed. Rey would always see a figure on the island that was clad in black from head to toe, a black mask with flecked silver over a face that she would never see. The figure never harmed her, but still she would step back when he made advances towards her. Only when she was ten did she follow the urge to step towards instead of shrinking away from him, a certainty within her that he would not harm her, and when she stepped into his strong arms, she would feel safe. At fifteen, those dreams began to lasted longer, and she would begin to have them more often with the older that she became. More often than not, though, she would dream of the boy from the grassy clearing. The dream she had now was different, though. Instead of an eight year old girl, Rey found herself to be the age she actually was, which was nineteen. She found herself laying on a soft, padded bed of grass as she gazed up into the sky. An earthly smell filled her nostrils, and she could hear the waterfalls in the distance. Rey turned on her side to find a man with ebony hair and alabaster skin. She slowly rose, propping herself up on one arm as she looked down at the creature next to her. She could not deny that he was….handsome. His skin was peppered with beauty marks that somehow accented his odd, but defining features, and she could not pull her gaze away from his face. His face had it’s own little constellation of beauty marks, and he had a long nose with full, pink lips. She had an urge to touch them, but when she noticed a long, ragged scar that ran diagonally across his temple to the bottom of his cheek, she doesn’t stop herself from running her fingers over it’s raised edges. At her touch, the man’s eyes flutter open to reveal big, beautiful brown eyes that immediately meet her gaze. Her heart flutters, and when she makes to withdraw her hand, he places his own over hers and encourages her to move it again. She does, and his hand moves to cup her face as he speaks. His voice is low, but not unpleasant. “Reya…You’ve come back to me,” he breathes. She is caught in a daze between looking at him and his trying to understand his odd words, but she does not move away from him. Had it been anyone else, she would’ve already struck them and knocked them unconscious, but there was something about this man…. Rey feels as if she has seen this man before…been with him before, yet she is certain this is her first dream of him. After a moment, she lets her hand fall from his face as her brows furrow. Reya…why does that name sound familiar? “I am Rey. Who are you?” The man is unfazed by her question and runs his thumb across her cheek before he continues,” I am someone from your past and future. I promised to come back for you, and I intend to do so, soon.” “Why do you seem so…familiar?” The man considers her for a moment before sitting up and letting his hand fall to grasp her chin and tilt her head towards him. “As I said, I am a part of your past and future. You will see me again, soon. Just promise me that you ‘ll wait for me, my love. Promise me you’ll wait.” She is confused and bewildered at this man, and she knows that she should ask more. Rey should not be allowing a man she doesn’t know to be so familiar with her like this. To to be touching her like this, but this is a dream, and for now, she is oddly at peace in the security of this man’s touch, and that is a feeling that she has seldom endured. There are so many questions, but she will give him her promise, as she doesn’t have much to lose. She isn’t going anywhere. A part of her hopes that this man will come for her, as that would mean that she was something to someone, but she does not tell him this. Instead, she answers him in the most genuine tone she can muster. “I promise.” As soon as the words fall from her lips, everything fades to black. Notes: * Crosses fingers and hopes that you guys liked this chapter * Again, please share your thoughts on this chapter with me, as your opinions matter very much to me as a writer! If any of you would like to talk to me on Tumblr about my fic or have any questions that you would like answered, don't hesitate to contact me ! I love hearing from my readers! On Tumblr, you can find me at reyloworld :) Chapter 3 : The Girl on Tatooine Notes: An update on a Sunday? What???? XD You guys will seldom see updates from me on this day of the week, but I had some time to write while being out of school due to Hurricane Matthew ( and because I was sick ), so I've decided to go ahead and post it today! Anyways, are you all ready to read? LET'S GO ! :D (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It is when she hears the rattling of metal around her ankle that Rey’s eyes snap open and she all but growls at the aged, winged creature that hovers before her. It is an ugly thing, it’s skin reminding her of the horrid Unkar Plutt. Rey had seen a creature like it before at Niima Outpost, but this one was much older. This one was a male Toydarian. It has a face that reminds her of a Bantha with decaying, yellowed teeth that protrude from the sides of its mouth like daggers and a trunk for a nose that hangs down from his face, and when she looks over and notices that one of her ankles has been encased with steel, she’s tempted to knock his teeth out. “Take the shackles off of me now, else you’ll find yourself dead in a matter of minutes,” she seethed. It wasn’t unlike her to make threats when she was in unfavorable situations, but something about the way she’d said it surprised her for a moment. No one had ever dared to imprison her in the past, as Rey had worked hard to maintain a reputation others would fear, but she’d heard stories from the other scavengers at Niima Outpost about what happened during the night to those who were stolen from the desert, and to say that it didn’t frighten her would be a lie. Sure, there had been the occasional junk boss that had tried to coerce her to work for them , or scavengers that had tried to take her finds from her after a long day in a fallen ship, but never had anyone so much as whispered of capturing her. It was an outrage to wake and find that she had allowed herself to be imprisoned through the thrall of sleep, and she immediately began to ponder of how she would escape, but not before an image of her quarterstaff meeting his face flashed through her mind. A deep, guttural laughter came from the creature, a grin quickly crossing his features,” Rey, dear girl… Do not forget that I am Watto of Tatooine, and you were sold to me. Maybe you have not come to accept it, yet, but you’re mine, now.” At that, Rey allowed herself to feel something that she hadn’t felt for years. She felt anger roll within her. Her jaw clenched, and she growled,” Who sold me? Unkar Plutt?” Watto was quick to respond, his gruffness utterly lacking any acknowledgment to her rage, “Some outlander. He said his name was Luke.” Rey’s eyes moved from her foot to Watto’s old, orange eyes,” Luke who? I have no recollection of anyone in my past with the name of Luke.” The creature shrugged, soon moving back from her cold gaze. “I don’t know, girl. That’s all he told me. He paid me handsomely for you, though, so he clearly wanted to get rid of you for some reason.” At that, her fists clenched and her nails bit into the worn skin of her palms. It seemed that all she was good for was being a burden on others. She had always felt as if she were an inconvenient and unwanted responsibility that Plutt had been forced to deal with, and Rey wondered then if she would ever find a place that she would truly belong, or if her family was ever going to come for her. Rey had never allowed anger to linger before, but she couldn’t find it within herself to burn it away completely. Too much had happened on Jakku, the one place Rey was certain that she could a home. The girl ‘s early life on the system hadn’t been easy. Plutt had been sure to move her around from settlement to settlement as a child, her owners essentially starving and torturing her until she ran away to find the fallen AT-AT, the structure soon turning into a home where she’d begun her training to become an established scavenger. Suddenly, images of the man with the alabaster skin from her dreams played through her head, and she began to feel her rage melt away into sorrow. With a sigh, she decided she was done trying to deceive herself with the foolish idea that she could remain safe, bright and pure for a family that had left her to fend for herself. Rey needed to adapt, just as she’d always done. To do that, she needed to cease the naivety that someone would come for her and that things would get better. It was clear to Rey now that life, at least for her, would always be one full of cruelty and enslavement. She needed to grow up. Her head lowered before the creature in defeat, and she withdrew her nails from the skin of her hands before whispering, “Where am I and what do you intend to do with me?” Watto slowly moved to be closer to her, nearly beaming with a pride that she wanted to silence,” You are in Mos Eisley, Tatooine. You work for me, now, and my reasons for keeping you are to have you tend to the shop until I can be paid off for you to be sold to someone else.” The Toydarian paused, the sneer on his face becoming even wider as a small, wicked bout of laughter escaped him,” Though, I do believe you will be here for awhile, girl. I have been in need of a slave for quite some time. From what Luke told me, you are very capable and have a range of skillsets that I will need, so I don’t think I will have it in myself to sell one of my best treasures unless it’s for a very, very good price.” His laughter faded, and Rey bit down hard on her lip to keep away the tears that were threatening to spill. She was Rey of Jakku, and she wouldn’t let this creature know that he’d begun to break her, even if she was losing her hope. She made a choice, then. When she completely broke, if she broke, it would be in the solace of a place where no one would be able witness it but her. She would not give anyone the satisfaction of being present to see the decimation of the good in her that she had for so long worked to keep up. Her head rose, but her eyes stayed on the floor, “Very well. What is my first assignment?” The creature grunted, soon turning away as his irritating voice came as an echo in the settlement around them,” For now, change into the clothes that are laid out on the table right there. A pretty face like yours may be just thing to get some fools to come in here.” Watto disappeared behind the sheer, white curtain that hung over the archway serving as the entrance to her room, and Rey was glad that he’d gone, because he would’ve seen the lone tear tread down her face in her sadness. It was then that she inspected the room around her, and it was a clear reminder that the girl was Watto’s property, now. Her own room, if she can if even call it that, is armed only with a makeshift bed that is made from old ship parts and a wooden table that looks to be a thousand years old. There are small, blinking circular lights cut into some sort of sandstone that make up tables and walls that light the shop from what she can see through the sheer material in front of her, and the girl surmises that she’s somewhere in the back of the store. Her eyes follow the cold and unforgiving grey chain of her imprisonment from her ankle to the wall behind her cot, and when she moves her ankle ever so slightly, the metal bites into her skin and she has to clutch onto the mattress beneath her to keep from crying out from both frustration and pain. The girl told herself to grow up and accept that she was a slave, and now, as Rey makes to rise from the makeshift cot, her hand moves to wipe away the tear. Suddenly, the creature’s head pokes through the curtain once more to utter another command from his vile lips,” Oh, and get used to walking while being bound by the shackles. If you disobey me, you’ll earn another for your other foot, girl.” When the girl could no longer discern the flapping of his wings, she thought she heard a voice in her head, the sound of it clear and distinctive with a message that oddly calmed her. “ I’m coming for you, Rey. Just wait for me, love.” The voice sounded as if it had come from behind her, so she furtively casts a glance backwards, but is met with disappointment to find no one there. Rey soon looks to the edge of the bed to see two stacks of ‘clothes’ that make her want to retch. Never in her life has she ever seen anything so…revealing. The first stack consists of a black silk band that is thick enough to cover her breasts, but her stomach will be bare. For the bottom piece, there is a thick golden band that she supposes circles her waist, but it connects to the front and back with long, charcoal colored pieces of silk that she knows will skim along the floor at her height. There are two matching pieces of silk that go with the top of the ensemble, the material reminding her of the arm wraps she’d worn on Jakku. The second stack is a singular piece, something she assumes is called a catsuit. Rey has seen one of these before, but it had shown much more skin than this one does. This one is skin-tight and shows the entirety of her back, but on the front has a symmetrical V-shape that trails downwards from her clavicle to her navel, the same design cut along her each of her sides. After the ebony linen of the outfit meets at her stomach, plain leggings hug every inch of her from her waist down to her ankles. Both of the ensembles are indicative of what Watto’s purposes for her are, but she can tell that each of the outfits are more expensive than anything she’s worn before. Each are black as the nights on Jakku, and she is surprised at herself in that she is curious to see what they will look like on. Rey has never worn anything other than the beige or washed out grey of her standard work outfit on Jakku, as the temperature had been too hot to wear anything else. The air around her now reminds her of the system she grew up on, and she hopes it will get cooler as the day drags on. Deciding that she doesn’t have much of a choice, Rey’s eyes move between the two ensembles that Watto has prepared for her, and her choice is almost instantaneous. She picks the outfit that shows the least skin and chooses to put on the catsuit. The girl puts the outfit on slowly, not caring if others think she looks less than appealing in it. She has been sold, and this is her life, now. As she sheds the pieces of her old clothes, she feels as if she is shedding parts of her old self as well. With every layer she removes, the more she allows herself to let go of her past, and the more she casts away her hopes and childish dreams. When she finishes, she considers what to do with her hair. Her hands, as if with a mind of their own, move to the buns piled atop her head and make quick work of them, her wild curls soon tumbling down her shoulders. The girl shakes her head two times, and then twists the hair around her fingers until it is all tucked into a single bun at the crown of her head. She figures that she’s not ready to let go of her old self, entirely. Taking a deep breath, she pulls aside the curtain and emerges into the shop. It turned out that the girl would be harder to locate than Kylo Ren had previously thought. Ren hadn’t felt her in his mind since the night when she’d lost her memories, and the Supreme Leader had given very little instruction on what he called their ‘Force Bond.’ Nonetheless, the Master of the Knights of Ren knew that Snoke had a reason for telling so little about it. Ren supposed that Snoke wanted him to learn about the bond through his own means, and he was more than happy to follow through with it, however frantic he was to find his Reya and bring her home. Kylo had taken his Upsilon-class command shuttle and left the Finalizer almost immediately after his meeting with the Supreme Leader, and two day cycles later, he had grown impatient as he paced the cockpit. He only allowed thoughts and memories of her to roam in his mind, which wasn’t hard to do, considering she was always somewhere in his thoughts. He tried to find that invisible cord he’d tugged on to feel what she’d felt when her memories had been taken by his despicable uncle, but he couldn’t seem to find it, despite all of his attempts. He’d been at it for every hour of the two day cycles that he’d been aboard his shuttle with minimal success, but Kylo Ren was never one to give up when there was something he wanted. Ren promised himself that he would locate her, no matter how long it took. He’d been trying to find her for years, and when he was at long last reunited with her, she’d had no memory of him. It had saddened him to no end, and he’d wanted so badly to tell her what she and he had done together in the past, but Snoke had forbade him from doing so. Kylo Ren had wanted to find the map to Skywalker, but his reasons for it were not just to kill his uncle. The Master of the Knights of Ren had hoped that in finding Luke, he could learn the whereabouts of Reya. “Help me to know where you are, Reya….” he whispered through the modulator of his helmet. He attempted once more to reach out for her and find the thread in his mind, but when nothing happened, he huffed in frustration, slowly opening his eyes…..and then he felt something. He felt her . It was her force-signature and he was sure of it. Her signature had so suddenly pulsed through the Force that he took a step back in disbelief. He felt the thread in his mind begin to tug at him, and he did not hesitate to follow it. The longer he followed the thread, the more he sensed her and what she was feeling. Ren discerned a strong amount of sorrow, but it was the raw and unbridled rage that utterly caught him by surprise. Only when Reya had been a child had she shown a signature that was remotely close to this one, and that was when the two of them had been separated. The rage throbbed and ebbed through the bond, and he soon found himself shocked through the dark power that washed over him. Whatever was happening to her was something that was slowly destroying the light that she had held for so long, and Ren found himself hoping she thrived in the anger and enjoyed the power of it as he did. Her fury was tempting and so very alluring, drawing him in and flowing into him. Uncontrolled anger was the basis for any force-sensitive to fall to the Dark Side, and he desperately wanted to bask in it with her, but he quickly became concerned that she might hurt herself if she allowed her anger to fully overtake her. Ren would teach her how to handle the emotion in due time, but right now, he needed to do something, anything to calm her. The Master of the Knights of Ren attempted to speak to her so that she might heed him, a message soon forming in his mind. Reya’s vexation pulsed through the thread again, and then Kylo threw his message across it with all the sincerity that he could muster, hoping that she would receive it. “I’m coming for you, Rey. Just wait for me, love.” The raw rage was slow to simmer down, but it did not disappear completely. Dejection suddenly rushed through the thread, and apathy was the last emotion he felt before the thread was cut away, and Ren was again left alone in the wake of her darkness. With a sharp intake of breath, Ren pressed his thumbs against the locking mechanism of his helmet and lifted it away from his head as he went to enter the coordinates into the navigational system. Kylo had found her, and he found himself unable to sit still in his seat as the light blue lines of hyperspace danced around him. His uncle was a fool to think that hiding her again would be enough to stop him from finding her, though he had to admit that to take her to Tatooine of all places had been a smart move on Luke’s part. With the memories of her playing like a Holovid in his mind, Ren silently thanked the Force for giving him the gift of a bond with Reya so that he would never again lose her. He would make certain that Luke would endure a slow death, as would whatever had caused Reya to feel such strong rage when Ren came across them. Ren would kill anything or anyone for her, and until he was reunited with Reya, he doubted he would ever find the galaxy to be one that was not a cruel and wicked one. And so, for the second time in a decade, Kylo Ren felt excitement trill through him as his shuttle brought him ever closer to the only creature in the galaxy that he cared about. Soon, he will reunite with his Reya, but now, he waits. Notes: I know I'm really dragging out the separation of Rey and Ren, but I HAVE to lay out some plot before we move on, and I PROMISE THAT YOU ALL WILL HAVE A REUNION IN THE NEXT CHAPTER!! As always, please let me know what you guys think about the chapter, as comments/kudos are like water to a parched desert scavenger. XD Lastly, don't be afraid to talk to me over on Tumblr, as I love hearing from my readers (My username over there is reyloworld ) ! Chapter 4 : Destiny And Her Reunion Notes: Hello, my dears! It has been SO LONG since I last updated, but I do have my reasons for that! I was unable to upload this chapter for quite awhile because I had college applications to submit and a very large load of schoolwork that I needed to do, but since I’m done with all my applications and my schoolwork is more manageable now, I can devote more time to this fic! Also, the wait for this chapter was longer in part because it went through so many revisions and rewrites, so for that, I’m sorry. I can’t thank you all enough for the support I’ve received with this work, as I never thought this piece would have very many readers. :D Anyway, I promise that updates will return to the weekly schedule, so you all will get a new chapter every Monday! Ready to see how Rey and Ren finally meet again? Let’s go!!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The ion engines of his shuttle are still humming as Kylo Ren steps out into what he knows to be called ‘Docking Bay 94.’ His focus solely on locating Reya, he walks up to the first person he can find, holding his hand out and raking through their mind to find any information on where his Reya has been taken. He tears through every memory the Twi’lek has, her pink body being shaken by tremors in his ferocity to find anything on Reya. Ren nearly growls when he finds nothing on her, and it is then that he faintly registers sounds of strangled breath, and before he realizes it, he’s killed the creature. Ren doesn’t watch the body slump against the synstone behind her, and no one in the bustle of anonymous figures passing by and around him seem to acknowledge nor care about what he’s just done, either. It seems to Kylo that he is more anxious to find her than he previously thought. The dual suns of the system are beating down on him as soon as he enters the open area amid all of the circular synstone shops, and the air around him is thick and humid, coiling and wrapping around him like a snake. He hasn’t felt the sensation of being overheated since he was a boy, as The FInalizer was always cooled and air-conditioned. But when he’d been an eight-year-old boy, his bastard father had been sure to bring him here, to Mos Eisley, one of the most dangerous places in the galaxy. It is when Ren feels the first beads of sweat trail down his masked face that he realizes he must get inside quickly, else the suns of the system will rob him of his consciousness and cause him to pass out. He may be strong with the Force, but even it would not be able to help him against the power of the suns of Tatooine. There was only one thing that could, and she was somewhere on the system. He could feel her, he just didn’t know where. Through the hubbub of shouting and whining of the traders, vendors and buyers, he now moves to find any of the Stormtrooper’s that have been deployed by Hux to the area, as Tatooine had since become a patron planet to the Order in exchange for the system to remain untouched by the Resistance. He eventually finds one of Hux’s men near the famed cantina where his despicable uncle had begun his pitiful life’s pursuit to kill Ren’s grandfather, but he puts the thought away when Ren notices that the trooper is drunk through the way his words slur and how he nearly trips over himself in his attempt to salute the masked man advancing toward him. It is an amusing, though ever predictable predicament for one of Hux’s men to be found disgracing the Order in such a way, and Kylo still thinks that the Supreme Leader should’ve used the Clone Army. At least the army wouldn’t turn against the very organization that had raised it, unlike some traitorous Stormtroopers. When his name comes as a drawl from the Stormtrooper, he turns his attention back to the drunken person, and he will make sure to end the man falling in front of him as soon as he gets what he needs from him. Ren’s voice comes through the modulator cold and venomous, and the man in front of him only now begins to cringe and fall back in fear, as if he didn’t recognize the masked man in black garments who wears a menacing helmet. “You are a disgrace to the First Order, FN-2989. I’m sure your superiors, the Supreme Leader included, would be so proud to hear that one of our own is making a fool of the organization that has taken care of him since birth, when no one wanted him.” The Stormtrooper takes one lazy swing at the masked man, but Kylo is faster and stronger than him. Ren’s fist connects with the trooper’s jaw, and the man falls to the ground clutching at his face, blood beginning to drip from the new raised, purple bump along his chin. Kylo doesn’t give him time to recover. He is the Master of the Knights of Ren, and he is feared by all cretins of the galaxy, save for the Supreme Leader and the girl he can feel through the Force. The masked man holds his hand out, using the Force as he rushes through the drunk man’s mind. He is not gentle as he was with his Reya, for he now viciously rips through whatever he can find until he lands on one memory that snares his attention. He sees her. He sees his Reya, and she’s unconscious. The girl is thrown over a familiar Wookie’s back as the creature ducks to follow a hooded man into a shop that he knows all too well. It is the merchant shop of Watto, the creature that had enslaved his grandfather. It was Snoke who had told him of Watto, as his damned father would never dare to tell him anything about his past in his own selfish fear that his son would embrace the Dark Side. So it seemed that his lovely Sith-to-be was sold into slavery as Darth Vader once was. Anger was an emotion that was ever present with Kylo Ren, but now, the embers of it were sparked into an inferno that Ren would take out on the fool in front of him as well as on his uncle when the time came. Reya was not a fragile thing, he knew. Still, to see her be sold and coerced to again be a slave to someone infuriated him to no end. She’d had her memories torn from her mind not once, but twice, and now she’d been sold again. Ren would make sure his uncle paid for his insolence. The man had no idea how much pain that Kylo would make him endure before he finally would allow Luke to die. “You’ll pay for this, old man,” was all that came through Ren’s modulator as he tore his crossguard lightsaber from his side and ignited it mid swing, cleanly severing the trooper’s head from his body. Rough breaths came from him, and The Master of the Knights of Ren reminded himself that he would need to control his emotions if he was going to find her. He could care less about a trail of dead bodies in his wake if it meant they would lead him to her, but he knew that she would not be feel the same. At least, not yet, he thinks. Ren closes his eyes and envisions her face inches from his in the forest of Takodana, her warm, lithe body pressed to his as he carried her through the trees. He allows the memory to calm himself down, and he knows he will find her, now. The Stormtrooper hadn’t been as useless as Ren had originally thought, as the trooper had given him Reya’s exact location. It was valuable information, and perhaps he would’ve kept the fallen trooper alive as a gift for bestowing such a prize to Ren. Nevertheless, it was of no concern now, and he moved away with a quickened pace to his steps, his excitement bubbling within him. Finally, Reya would be returned to his side where she truly belonged. Though it had only been a few minutes, Ren felt as if it’d been hours before he stood a few feet outside the entrance to Watto’s shop. He’d made sure to take off the helmet and tuck it under his arm, as he didn’t want to give the girl any reason not to trust him. A sudden trill of nervousness traveled through him when he caught sight of the girl with sun-kissed skin and hazel-colored hair. She sat on the ground just through the doorway, and he pushed past the feeling at the thought of how long he’d wished to be reunited with her. This was his second chance to make things right with her, and he would be damned if he blew it. Rey is cleaning an XJ9 Hypercharger when Watto tells her to come to the front of the shop. She is in the back of the store, leaning over one of the tables, clutching a cloth and scrubbing at the piece of technology with far more exertion than should’ve been necessary for the small part, but she is lost to the daydreams of a man with alabaster skin and raven colored hair, a man who’d promised he would come for her. It is a foolish hope for another chance at life that she knows she should abandon, but she nevertheless clings to the only connection she thinks she has to her past or future. Watto had told her to clean the piece of technology and the rest of the ship parts that he has out in the back of the store while the son of a bantha did whatever he did at the table near the entrance of the shop, but it seems to her that he has changed his mind. When he calls for her, his raucous voice reaches Rey with the same flippant and irritated tone he had taken on since her arrival only a few days prior, and it makes the girl want to put him in his place. Not even Unkar Plutt had ever spoken to her in such a way that made her feel as if she really was only an item; an item that was meaningless. “Girl! Get in here or else you’ll earn another shackle for that other foot!” She considers not following his command, but she is reminded of her place when she, without realizing it, moves her foot to have the shackle bite into the soft skin there. The girl nearly yelps at the pain, as the shackle has since rubbed and grazed her ankle to the point in which the skin is now angry and red, adorned with welts and blood that every now and then trails down her skin beneath the unforgiving metal. Watto would not allow the girl to clean the wound until the end of the day, but even then, he wouldn’t let her out of the shackle, so there was always blood to her dismay. She was filled with a fresh surge of rage toward her captor. How she wished she had her quarterstaff and could bash in his face with it. The thought of such a thing made her smile for a moment, but it quickly faded as she rose from the table and stood straight to her full height, moving quickly so that she would not have to endure the pain for long. The girl plasters a look of neutrality on her face, trying not to break it when she takes her steps toward the winged creature. Rey will not give him the satisfaction of seeing her in pain, so she keeps her eyes on the floor as she moves, each movement she makes with the foot that is chained bringing on waves of piercing pain that shoot up her leg. When she is finally at the front of the shop, she stands next to the doorway, moving her head down as she casts her eyes from her makeshift room to the floor as Watto had instructed her to do on her very first day of work for him. She hated looking so vulnerable, but where else could she go? The girl had resigned herself to her new life, as she’d learned that to fight fate would only result in sorrow and disappointment. Even so, Rey had been doing her “job” for two day cycles now, and she was not enjoying it in the least bit. She felt as if she was fresh meat for the ‘patrons’ to look at, and the fact that the outfit she wore bore so much skin wasn’t helping her. She felt blood trickle from her ankle, cascading down until it began to pool on the floor. The girl sighed, knowing she would be brutally punished for the mess later with some more brown and purple bruises to mark her on her back. Suddenly, she felt something familiar pulse through her, but before she had time to process it, a black-clad figure came through the doorway to her left, brushing past her with an air of authority that made her curious about him. Rey contemplated on if she should look up, and then a strange sense of compulsion to be near the figure began to take hold of her. Unsure of what to do and surprised at the onset of the sensations, the girl remained where she was, her eyes locked on the ground in front of her. The figure’s steps were slow and measured, and Rey took that as an indication that they were examining the space and inventory around them. For a moment, the girl thought about the man from her dream, and the promise he’d made. A small part of her had a rising hope that the figure walking away from her was that man, but the part of her that was more accepting of life’s cruelties refuted the hope, so the girl remained in her place, wholly unaware that Kylo had been watching her. Ren had only allowed himself to peer at her twice as he’d passed by the girl on the way in, and to say that she was beautiful was an understatement. He’d recognized her instantly, and he was finding it very difficult to keep his eyes off of her. Kylo could feel the waves of anger, hesitation , and confusion that were rolling off of the girl, qualities that were in line with the dark side. The small fact was a precious one to him, as she was beginning to embrace her origins, and that meant that she truly did belong by his side. Ren would show her how to harness her feelings and give her the ability to never feel vulnerable again. He would show her the true potential of the power that the damned Skywalker was too afraid to unleash. Kylo hadn’t noticed how quiet the shop had been in arrival, but the Toydarian takes care of that. The silence that had befallen the shop was broken when Watto spoke, his gruff voice loud in the small synstone store, “Well, if it isn’t the esteemed Kylo Ren himself! How may I be of assistance to you, sir?” When the black clothed figure speaks, Rey nearly jolts, as she recognizes the voice, and the name is somehow familiar, too. She feels as though she’s heard them somewhere, but she isn’t sure where, or even when. The girl feels something pulling her to the man again, but she resists- she is not yet sure what the sensation is or if she can trust the man. If she has learned anything from Jakku, it is that trust must be earned. Tearing his eyes away from the girl that stands behind him, Ren acknowledges the Toydarian, masking the emotion in his voice with a low, matter-of-fact tone. “I require a ship part, Watto, but I expect you to allow me to look around without hovering over me, as I know my way around well enough without your assistance. You know that.” The girl was tempted to look up at the man who had spoken with a deep voice. Watto would punish her for it later if she looked, so she decided to keep her eyes down, even through the curiosity that was causing her anxiety. The urge to be closer to the mysterious man wasn’t subsiding, either, no matter what Rey did to try to get rid of it. It seemed to her that there was some sort of higher power that was bringing this on, but she is too confused to try to reason past why she is feeling this. Watto looks taken aback for a moment by Ren’s words, but when his eyes fall over Rey, the Toydarian seems to realize Ren’s true interest, a sickening grin spreading across the creature’s face. Unbeknownst to Rey, Ren is feeling the same need to be near the girl. He does not yet know the implications of their Force-Bond- all he knows is that he needs Rey, and the only thing standing between he and she is the winged creature that hovers before them. Wordlessly, the creature acquiesces to Ren’s commands and travels to the back of the shop where Rey had been moments earlier. It wasn’t like Watto to listen to his buyers so voicelessly, so Rey knew whoever was standing only a few feet away from her had a considerable rank and large amount credits, as Watto was never agreeable. The Toydarian gave a snide mutter, “Some parts are in here, but the more costly ones are outside. When you’ve found what you’re looking for, which I will assume won’t take you too long to choose, I’ll be waiting.” Only when the creature leaves them does Ren turn around to face the girl before him, sensing the nervousness and confusion within her steadily increasing under his searing gaze. His Reya is still the desert flower that he’d always known her to be, but she has changed drastically since the last time he has seen her. Gone are the three knots that had hung down the back of her head, her hair instead wrapped into a circular coil at the crown of it. Her golden skin is dotted by black-and-blue marks on the arms, and when she moves to take a step back, she winces and looks down to her right ankle. What Ren sees next make him nearly mad with rage, as the damned Toydarian had her chained to the wall, her ankle caked and streaked with crimson, the blood pooling around her on the floor. Irrepressible fury strikes him through, and it is very difficult for Ren to resist the urge to take out his lightsaber and destroy everything in sight. Kylo had known his grandfather had been a slave to Watto, but never had his grandfather been chained up and left to sit in his own blood so that others could look at him for enjoyment. He would’ve ended the Toydarian a long time ago if he’d known it’s location, but Snoke had never allowed him time to search for it, so it had become an endeavor he pushed to the side until his training was complete. He made a promise to himself that he would take the life of the Toydarian for this. He would enjoy seeing the vile life form cut down for his despicable actions, and he would do it for both Reya and for his grandfather. He voicelessly thanked the Force again for giving him the gift of the Force-Bond, as he would never again lose the girl from the deserts. This would be the last time anyone would hurt his Reya, and of that, he was certain. Ren takes two steady steps towards the girl until he stands only a foot or so away, but her eyes stay on the floor. He desperately wants her to just look at him, but he knows she is not comfortable around him, yet. He will change that, he hopes, with his next action. His gaze moving from her angelic face to the piece of metal encircling her ankle, he holds his hand out, channeling the Force through the rage swirling within him, and then throws it at the shackle. There is a series of soft clinks, and then the piece falls to the floor with a relieved sigh from the girl before him. Rey wasn’t expecting the figure to move closer to her, and she most definitely wasn’t anticipating her cheeks to begin to flush when she could feel the intense stare coming from the person that had moved to be closer to her. Somehow, the girl knows he won’t hurt her, but even still, she is surprised and even joyful when the cruel metal that had been wrapped around her foot falls into the puddle of her blood below her. The gasp that escapes her is one that she hopes the figure before her will take as a sign of appreciation, and she figures that she should see who has done such a thing for her, for a slave. When she moves her gaze from the black boots of the figure’s feet up to their thighs, their chest and their arms, she can’t help but to admit that they are well built, but she wonders why they wear such a heavy outfit for such an environment as the one in Mos Eisley. It is when she looks upon the alabaster face, set with beautiful brown eyes and dark, raven colored hair that her eyes widen and her mouth falls open. It is the same man from her dream, and when his deep, mellifluous words reach her ears, she somehow knows that he is the one that promised to come for her. “Don’t be afraid. I’m here to take you away from this place.” Notes: I really hope you guys liked this chapter, as I worked very hard on it! Please let me know what you think, as I value your feedback- it’s kind of like portions to a desert scavenger :D Again, thank you for reading my story and taking the time out of your day to invest in my work! I am astonished and humbled to have as many readers as I do, and I really strive to create a story that is as enjoyable to read for you guys as it is for me to write! If you have any questions for me or just want to chat, you can find me on Tumblr ( @ reyloworld ) ! Chapter 5 : The Darkness Beckons Notes: Hello, dear readers! I suppose by now it is evident that I don’t update on a set schedule, but I promise I will try to be better with that! Between all of the schoolwork and things of the like, my update schedule for this fic is easily thrown off, but as the holidays come closer, I’ll have some time off, and that means more time to write and get some chapters up for you guys! I am so sorry that updates to this work are so sporadic, but I do want you guys to know that this chapter took more time to write because I’m a very unconfident writer. Anyway, the next chapter will likely be up next Tuesday, as I will be touring colleges this weekend. ☺ Ready to find out what happens next? Let’s go !!! :D (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) For the first time in her existence, Rey is at a complete loss for words. She doesn’t know what to do or say, and the intense gaze from the man who calls himself Kylo Ren isn’t helping her, though she peculiarly finds that she doesn’t mind to be looked at by him. He is the first person she has come into contact with since arriving in this decrepit shop that hasn’t looked at her as if she were an item to be auctioned off. When his eyes move to her own, there is a flood of emotions in them that extends beyond any word he could’ve spoken aloud, as they are infused with suffering and conflict. She can relate to those feelings, and when she looks deep enough, she can discern that there is adoration in his eyes as well. Perhaps it isn’t just his eyes that tell her that, as Rey thinks she can almost feel them, too. It is as if they being pushed to her through his aura. The fact that the girl could perceive this suddenly jarred her from her silence, and she impulsively whispers,” Who…. Who are you?” The black-clad man lowers the hand that had been outstretched toward her ankle, his line of vision never leaving her face. He seems to consider her for a moment, for Ren isn’t sure if he should disclose her past to her, yet. Ren was aware that with her memories gone, it would was a possibility that what he told her would seem preposterous to her, so he resolves to discuss the matter with Snoke before he does anything rash. The last thing he needs is to sabotage his second and last chance with the girl. He chooses his words carefully, watching and drinking in the visage of the girl that he’d come to love so much. “I am Kylo Ren, someone that was sent by your family to come for you and bring you home.” Ren isn’t lying, and he hopes that the girl will believe him. He wants to take her away from this unforgiving planet and shower her with a sense of affection that she, nor he, has ever had. He thinks it will be a long while before the latter will come to pass, as she holds a very small sliver of trust for him now, if even that. At his response, the girl goggles, another gasp coming from her pale, parted lips. Ren gives her a moment to process what he’d said, a barrage of conflicted emotions playing across her features as he sensed the onset of hope begin to burn through the anger she’d had buried within her. But as soon as feeling of hope had risen through her, Kylo senses her wash it away and replace it with hesitation and rage. It seemed to Rey that Kylo Ren had a way with words that made her unable to find her own. She so desperately wants him, needs him, to be telling her the truth. If she is being honest with herself, the girl doesn’t know how much more disappointment and hopelessness she can take, for she has already sank so low as to be a damned slave for selfish, conniving creature that she has no doubts will one day sell her, to which she knows she will be forever tainted. And so, when Kylo Ren tells her of a family that had sent him for her, she doesn’t allow herself to take comfort in any emotion except for the ones that she’d harvested since her arrival at the shop. She hasn’t been hurt mentally, as the extent to which Watto could harm her would never exceed that of one state, for she has shut off any sense of her old self that may have been optimistic about her situation. She figures that if she remains angry and untrusting, she will not get hurt. Rey is broadcasting her thoughts so loudly, so clearly, and Kylo desperately wants to hold her and tell her everything will be alright. So much has happened to his beautiful desert flower, and he is still at an impasse in that he is helpless in fixing what is tearing her apart. Neither of them has had a true family, but he hopes in the future he can change that for her when he is the one to reunite her with the only family she has left. Ren thinks that maybe, just maybe, if his Reya gains her memory from when she was a child and embraces her origins, she’ll remember who he is and can take her rightful place by his side. The girl notices that Kylo seems to perceive what’s going on with her, something she hadn’t been expecting. Rey supposes that perhaps his own pain is derived from a family he didn’t get to have when she sees the empathy and longing flash through his eyes. Though Rey has some odd instinct to trust him, she doesn’t know anything about him, so she is wary of his intentions though she somehow knows he doesn’t want to hurt her in any way. Ren hopes to change her mistrust, too, with what he does next. “You are justified in your hesistance to believe me, Rey, but I assure you that you can put your trust in me. You can take faith in that I will not ever harm you.” His words have a frustratingly calming effect on her, as she slowly begins to ease back from the stiff position she’d been in since Ren had walked toward her. Still, it isn’t enough to assure her of his true intentions, so she decides to see for herself if he is being truthful. She has seen enough on Jakku to know what happens to those who are gullible and oblivious to how horrid the world could be. The girl raises one brow, crosses her arms over her bared chest, and then asks him a question that she is sure will prove what his true plans for her are. “If you really are here to take me to my family, show me how I can trust you, Kylo Ren.” At the sound of his name from her lips, he flicks his line of vision to the ankle that is smeared, caked, and oozing with her blood, and it takes so much for him to resist the temptation to walk out of the shop and cut Watto to pieces. In an instant, an idea plays through his mind, and his answer to her is absent of the loathing he holds for the Toydarian. He answers in a way he will only ever allot to her through a tone that is soft-spoken. “As you wish, Rey,” he pauses as he looks upon her face once more,” What I’m about to do may seem a little unorthodox, but I promise you that you will be free of the pain in your ankle afterward.” Her other brow rises as she cranes her head down, but she doesn’t move from her place, so he takes that as a sign of acknowledgment. Ren focuses on her ankle once more, effortlessly taking the flames of his fury within him and wrapping them around his hand as he kneels down. He looks up to her face to see an expression of confusion, but he stretches his arm toward her ankle anyway, moving his palm an inch above the deep cuts and bruises adorning her foot. He closes his eyes, calling the Force to him as he gently channels it to wash over the lacerations on her foot, sharp pain striking him through with the attempted Force-Heal. Snoke had taught him this move in the event that he became injured in combat, but Ren had never used it before, as the Supreme Leader had told him that to use the Force-Heal ability, there came a price to Dark Siders. The price, he had learned, was intense waves of internal pain that lasted for days, even months, on end when used by a practitioner of the Dark Side. There was also the fact that any Force-Heal conducted by one allied with the Dark Side would be a temporary means of healing for the one they were focusing the skill on, and the Force-Heal would need to be applied for months before it would become permanent. Ren would be sure to get his Reya some bacta to take care of the wounds when he returned to the First Order with her, but for now, he would do everything in his power to ensure she was no longer in pain, even if that came at a cost to his own health. She was all that mattered to him, and there was nothing that wasn’t worth keeping her safe. At the sigh of relief that escapes her, he feels as though he is being pierced by a lightsaber through the palm of the hand that he holds over her wounds. He doesn’t realize his eyes are screwed shut until he grimaces and perspiration begins to rain down his face. Ren begins to have difficulty breathing, and it’s only then that he registers that his name is being called. He stops healing her and begins to pull away when he hears his name again, but this time, it’s louder than the previous time. Ren is vaguely aware of a smooth, soft hand running over his forehead, and the third time he hears his name, he hears Rey screaming it, though it sounds as if there is a filter that is interfering his hearing. He opens his eyes to find her crouched down in front him, a worried, slackened expression in her features. One brow is furrowed, her lips set in a tight line as she slowly runs another hand over his forehead. Her skin is surprisingly soft on his own, and her gentle touches are like salve to a cut. The girl makes no mention of the scar on his face, though she does press her fingertips to the now healed injury that she had given him. He watches for any change in her expression, but none comes. She remains anxious and worried, and Ren just stays still and allows her warm touches to soothe him. They stay like that for a time, their eyes remaining locked as they search and study each other. All too soon, the girl’s voice fills the space around them, though he can still detect traces panic in it over his wellbeing. “Kylo…Are you sure you’re alright?” “I’ll be fine. Don’t worry about this.” He is so very tempted to take hold of her hand that hovers on his forehead, but he knows she isn’t comfortable enough around him, yet. So, he plants one hand on the floor to steady himself and asks her the question he has endured so much pain for. “Do you believe me now, Rey? Can you not trust me in that I am here to bring you to home?” The girl is in awe of what has just happened. She’d felt an invisible power encircle her, easing along her wounds and bruises until the skin began to pull and the wounds on her ankle closed. A soothing sensation of warmth pulsed through her as the bruises began to fade, but it all was stopped short when she began to feel her chest ache and she felt as if her hand had been set aflame. It was intuition that told her that Kylo was in pain at her expense, so when she noticed he had beads of sweat that were trailing down his face as he strained for breath, she was brought out of the daze that had come at the onset of whatever Kylo had done to heal her. Rey would not deny to herself that she wasn’t fearful for his wellbeing, as he looked to be in such a painful state that she was momentarily taken aback that he would go to such measures to attain a shred of trust from her. There is also an air of connection with him that draws her in, and she cannot resist the need to touch him and feel how the contact with him makes her own skin tingle. The girl wishes she could know more about this man, for he is mysterious though she feels she knows him. When he asks if she trusts him, she doesn’t hesitate, relaying her response as if she has planned for this moment since she was a child. “Yes, Kylo. I do believe you. You’ve shown me that I can trust you.” At this, he releases a shaky breath and the corners of his mouth strain to rise upwards, and Rey realizes that through the suffering she saw in his beautiful, sad eyes, she has just brought him some degree of happiness. She briefly wonders how often he has smiled in his life, as she can tell he hasn’t done so for quite a long while. The girl doesn’t know what to make of all of this, but she too knows how it feels to be unhappy for so long of a time. Not sure of what else to do, she dips her head down to peer at her ankle to see what has become of it. Gone are the angry red welts, thick cuts and purple bruises that had been running across her skin, the area now completely clear of any injury as if it had never been marked. “Your ankle has been fully healed, Rey, but it is only temporary. When we arrive at the Finalizer, I will make sure you get proper treatment for them before you meet your family,” he says. “Kylo…. What you did just now,” they both rise, but Rey is looking everywhere but at him, “What was that? Are you hurt?” It is the question that Ren yearns to answer, but Snoke had told him not to tell her about too much of the Force until she meets with his contact. It seems to him that he will have to answer carefully,” I healed your wounds, Rey, and because of that, I am compromised, but it will pass.” The girl remembers the feeling of her palm and how it felt as if it had been aflame, and she wonders if his pain had been worse than her own. Ren has just used some sort of supernatural force to heal her, and she is both amazed and intrigued by it. She has never witnessed anything like what’s just happened, but the girl wants to know more about it and the man that has so willingly used it to take away her physical pain. Whatever the case, she could see now that he had no foul designs for her. Rey meets his gaze, and she speaks with all of the sincerity that she can muster. She is the cause of his physical pain, and she feels remorse to have added onto all of the hurt that, for some reason, she knows already swirls through him. “Thank you, Kylo.” Kylo nods, his voice still tinged with softness,” I was given instruction to bring you to a Star Destroyer called the Finalizer. That is where you family is and where I will bring you, so as long as you will allow me to.” The girl distinctly hears Watto calling for her, but her choice had been made the moment that Kylo’s question had fallen from his lips. She answers, her firmness in her decision evident in the manner with which she speaks,” I assent. Please, take me away from this place.” Her lovely almond eyes squeeze shut as if to block out the situation that his damned uncle had put her in, and Ren cannot evade the relief that falls over him at her decision to come with him. She will become so powerful and so much more than she ever thought possible, and Kylo is enlivened at the knowledge that he will be right by her side as she does so. Ren lays a hand on the top of her head in an attempt to soothe her, lightly giving her a few pats until her eyelids rise and a warm smile glides across her face. The notion gives him more joy than a monster like him should be able to feel or deserve, as he hasn’t seen his Reya smile for him in such a long time. He tells her she has nothing to worry or fear for anymore, but then a series of disgruntled grunts and barks erupts from the back of the shop as the son of a bantha that owns Ren’s desert jewel makes it’s way toward them. The creature narrows his crusted, aged eyes as he looks between the two Force-Sensitives, baring his yellowed, crooked teeth to see the two in such close proximity to each other. Kylo nearly smirks to see the Toydarian look so vexed, but he is caught off-guard when Rey steps in front of him. The girl is deliberately cementing her decision to come with him, but she also hopes to show him that she, though a slave, is not weak. The way she speaks to the Toydarian is different than the mellifluous one to which she’d used with him, but Ren expects as much considering everything Watto had done to her. When her words leave her, they are cold and aggressive, “Don’t try to stop me from leaving, Watto. Your ownership of me, unfortunately for you, has come to an end.” The Toydarian gives her a guttural laugh, croaking out his response as Ren feels Rey’s fury begin to come alive within her. “You think because you have a high ranking official from the First Order with you that it will stop me from taking back what is mine?” At this, Kylo senses her rage riddle through her. He is both in awe of how the Dark Side is slowly becoming part of her and of her fierceness to which she conducts her brutality. Indeed, she would teach the Toydarian a lesson he wouldn’t soon forget, and Ren has no qualms that she will do so through means of the Force. A disgusting, cruel grin breaks over the creature’s face as it speaks, a strident tone shadowing the mock he throws at Rey,” You are a fool, girl. You are still so young and naïve. I can see why that bastard dropped you off, here, for you have no loyalties and are utterly lacking in any manners or appreciation for your owner.” Rage flares through her now, and Ren revels in the sight. Luke, the stupid bastard, had been an imbecile to believe that to erase Reya’s memories would thwart the awakening of her true powers. It was only in her nature to use the rage that had always been with her to call on the power that was rightfully hers to command. The longer that the Toydarian’s annoying laugh pervades the space around them, the angrier that Rey becomes. The girl thinks about how much she wishes she had a weapon, any weapon, to strike the Toydarian with as it makes it’s advance toward her. She briefly makes eye contact with Ren, and as if he knows what she’s thinking, he nods, a silent message passing through their eyes. Her body reacts on it’s own, and her eyes become cloudy as a yellow film falls over them, instinct taking her over. Behind her, Ren moves until he is nearly pressing himself to her , gently placing one hand on her exposed back to steady her. Somehow Ren’s touch is both comforting and reassuring to Rey, and she, with effort, ignores the way her skin tingles with electricity at his touch. The girl raises her arm as she’d seen Ren do earlier, her palm outstretched towards the creature that is slowly making it’s advance toward them. She thinks of her anger and of how desperately she wants the Toydarian to be in pain for enslaving her, going so far as to physically beat her through chaining her to the wall until her skin was raw from the unforgiving lashes to her back. Ren is the only one who can take her away from this place, and the added fact that the creature wants to keep her imprisoned here only drives her rage further. The girl distinctly hears a voice in her head that tells her to do it, to exact the same pain on the creature that it had done to her, and it is then that she suddenly feels something sizzle through her core. When she hears a strained series of strangled breaths come from the despicable creature, she opens her eyes. What she finds should’ve scared her, or even made her feel remorse, but instead, she only feels pride and a strange sense of fascination as she watches the creature clutch at it’s throat in it’s feeble attempts to be free of the invisible hold she has on it. Rey is suddenly aware of the same invisible force that Ren had used on her, but it isn’t him it’s come from. She feels it emanating from her core and being channeled outwards towards the threat, and she finds that she likes how it, this alluring power, feels as it ebbs through her. The girl stares at the Toydairan to see it’s eyes grow so wide that they look as if they’re about to pop out of his small head, and the sight transfixes her as a wicked smirk comes over her. She closes her palm, bringing the choking Toydairan closer as she leans in and feigns a saccharine tone that is absent of any feeling, save for raw hate,” Am I truly a fool while I slowly rob you of your life? How does it feel to have such pain tear through you?” The girl is now the one to narrow her eyes as the Toydarian is racked with seizures, his guttural coughs escaping him and his fear evident through his strangled sounds. Ren decides to intercede, but he finds that seeing his Reya so radiant with Dark Side is truly a testament to his ability to focus on the task at hand. He knows now that she is surely of her grandfather’s blood, but he cannot risk her to injure herself or learn too much of her abilities. He waits until no more sounds come from the creature and it is ungracefully dropped to the floor, to which point Rey lets out a breath and slowly turns to face him. He had not left her side since the ordeal started, but the filter that had come over her eyes is now starting to recede as she walks toward him, her steps growing heavier. Ren takes the moment to admire how she is glowing with the essence of the Dark Side, and his Reya has never been more beautiful of a sight to behold. When the girl moves to stand only a few inches or so from him, she utters,”Kylo? What just… What did I do?” Ren wants to brush away the strand of her hair that had fallen in front of her face, but he resolves to what he’d done back in the forest on Takodana, back when he’d reunited with her for the first time after so many years that he’d spent trying to locate her. He calls on the Force once more, this time directing it towards her body as whole, telling the invisible power to drag her into unconsciousness. The girl soon feels her eyes growing heavy, and her legs begin to tremble, her strength being drawn away until she can’t hold herself up anymore. As she falls, she is vaguely aware of two strong hands that wrap around her back and upper legs, her own body being pressed against a taut, broad one. Rey isn’t sure if Ren is doing this or if it’s a result of what she’s just done, but she has no regrets and welcomes the sleep that is so temptingly calling her out of her consciousness. When her eyes fall closed, Ren looks upon the girl that sleeps in his arms and is overwhelmed with the wonderment that he has for her. Her lithe body is light and her face is peaceful. As he brushes aside the stray hair that had been laying on her face, he whispers, “Rest now, my love, for you have begun to embrace your origins.” Notes: *Bites nails at how bad my writing is * I sincerely hope that you guys enjoyed this chapter, as I worked so much on it! Comments and kudos are like portions to a desert scavenger, so please feel free to let me know how I’m doing with this work! If anyone would like to chat with me about my fic, you are always welcome to come talk to me over on Tumblr or Instagram! My username on Tumblr is reyloworld ! Please don't be shy to talk to me, as I love hearing feedback from my readers!! Notes: * Crosses fingers and hopes that you guys liked the first chapter * Please let me know what you think of this fic, as your feedback/kudos mean more to me than you guys know! Also, please don't be afraid to come and talk with me on Tumblr! My username over there is reyloworld !