This is something that just popped into my head, and I couldn't help but write it all out. I finally, finally watched the newest Star Wars film, and fell in love with the potential of these two characters. They are both so similar, yet so different. I should be doing homework right now, but I couldn't let this little idea slip away. Enjoy, and don't hesitate to review! I should have known that you'd be here I should have known it all along She sensed him the moment he entered the clearing. His presence, dark and powerful, filled her mind and refused to retreat. She turned, saber drawn but unlit. She would wait to see his response. Ten long years. That's how long it had been since Rey last saw Kylo Ren. Neither dared to move as they stared at each other. So much had changed. So much had happened. She was a fully-fledged Jedi Master now, and he a fully-trained Knight of Ren. They were enemies. And yet… This whole arrangement bears your stamp You're in each measure of that song Sounds of battle cries reached their ears, but still neither figure made a move to assist their respective sides. They simply locked eyes in a battle of wills. Anger, pure and unrestrained, flowed through Rey, making her jaw tense. After all this time he dared to just show up. Ten years after their last meeting…the coward! How dare you try to claim me now? How dare you come invade my life? There had been plenty of battling in the last ten years, yes. But she hadn't seen a single trace of him. Not since that night. He moved. But there was no reason to be alarmed. Kylo Ren raised his hands slowly to his face, and removed that damnable mask of his. That imitation of his grandfather, Darth Vader. But Rey knew better. She knew who Vader truly was. She knew—had even spoken to—Anakin Skywalker. His Force ghost had been one of her many mentors. Especially after that night. Kylo Ren took a step forward. In that time when the world thought me dead You came and found where I hid Don't you deny that you did That long ago night His eyes, the colour of the darkest chocolate, bored into her hazel ones across the clearing. They burned into her, and no matter how much she wanted to, she could not break his gaze. In them, she could see her own thoughts reflected. They were both thinking of the same thing. That night She remembered it as clearly as if was yesterday. He had looked exactly the same as he did now. Luxurious dark hair, so full and soft, framing a startlingly young and handsome face. She remembered her surprise at that revelation; she had expected a scarred and twisted monster, not a young man. His lips, those sinfully full lips, were now pressed together in a firm line. Rey took a step forward. Once there was a night beneath a moonless sky Too dark to see a thing Too dark to even try But she had found him. After his defeat on Starkiller, she had found him with the Force. After her first year of training with Luke, she had set out to find him, under the guise of a meditative retreat. I stole to your side to tell you I must go I couldn't see your face but sensed you even so It had been nighttime when she arrived on the planet. But she didn't need her eyes to find him. She had closed her eyes, and walked blindly through the forest. Kylo Ren matched her step forward. His eyes softened, and his mouth relaxed. She was there, right in front of him, and so breathtakingly beautiful. Her hair was loose, blowing in the breeze. Her wide hazel eyes warred with wariness and wonder. He took another step, her gravity pulling him in. He gave no thought to the cross-guarded lightsaber that hung at his waist. Rey saw him take another step, his dark eyes alight with an emotion she couldn't describe. He'd had the same look in his eyes when she'd taken his hand—a look that told her he couldn't believe she was real. And I touched you She had taken his hand, and pulled him to his feet. And when their skin had first connected, Kylo Ren had felt something inside him shift. Her light had been so unerringly bright; it had warmed his once cold heart. And I felt you They had embraced, then. It was sudden, and completely unexpected. But it had felt so right. It had felt like coming home. Her head had been pressed against his chest, right against his heart. And I heard those ravishing refrains The music of your pulse When she was in his arms, Kylo Ren had felt alive. He no longer felt the pain of his scars or his memories. Only her. The singing in your veins When they parted from their initial embrace, there was no question in their minds any longer. They shared a bond, a true bond. They clashed together once more, but instead of meeting glowing blades, they met with lips against lips. And I held you And I touched you And embraced you And I felt you They kissed with wild abandon, her back against the rough bark of a tree. His lips had traced fiery trails now her neck, across her collarbone, the tops of her breasts. She had certainly not been idle. Her hands roamed across his back, his broad shoulders, pulling the cloak from his body as he ravished her mouth with desperate kisses. His tunic followed, as did hers, and then his belt and trousers. There was no hesitation from either side. And with every breath and every sigh I felt no longer scared I felt no longer shy At last our feelings bared Beneath a moonless sky Gently, he had laid her down on his cloak, hovering over her. She had gazed back up at him fearlessly, face open and warm. And blind in the dark, as soul gazed into soul I looked into your heart and saw you pure and whole Cloaked under the night with nothing to supress A woman and a man, no more and yet no less She had nodded, with a whispered, "Yes." He had smiled, but she couldn't see it. She felt it later, when his lips trailed down her heated body. And I kissed you And caressed you And the world around us fell away We said things in the dark We never dared to say "I'm sorry," he had mumbled against her lips, pain evident in his low baritone voice. "I know," she had replied, running her hands through his hair. "I wish I hadn't done it," he continued brokenly, all the while stroking her inner thigh. "I don't want it anymore. Any of it. I want to be done with it all." "I'll help you," she's whispered. And she meant it. He had paused in his ministrations to cup her face. "Thank you." He didn't have to specify. She knew what he wanted. And I caught you And I kissed you And I took you And caressed you After that, no words had been spoken. He had been gentle the first time. And when she had gotten over the initial pain, he hadn't held back. Not for the second time, nor the third time. It had been passionate, wild, and utterly amazing. Neither wanted the night to end. With a need to urgent to deny And nothing mattered then Except for you and I Again and then again Beneath a moonless sky But the night had ended. And when the heat of their shared passion dissipated, it left Kylo Ren cold with fear. How could he have sullied such perfection? How could he have tainted Rey's light with his own darkness? In his panic, he made a mistake that would haunt him for the rest of his days. And when it was done, before the sun could rise Ashamed of what I was, afraid to see your eyes I stood while you slept and whispered a goodbye And slipped into the dark beneath a moonless sky Unable to hold back, Rey broke the silence in their little clearing. "Why?" she choked. "Why did you leave?" And I loved you Yes, I loved you I'd have followed anywhere you led I woke to swear my love And found you gone instead Kylo Ren swallowed, taking another step forward. "I had to. There was no other choice." And I loved you And I left you And I had to, both of us know why Rey nodded, pain filling her chest. We both knew why. She raised her chin and met his gaze in a defiant stare. They were now chest to chest. And yet I won't regret From now until I die The night I can't forget Beneath a moonless sky Kylo Ren bent his head towards her slowly. She refused to back down, and closed the distance between them. Their lips met softly, and it was as if ten years hadn't passed since their last kiss. She reached up to weave a hand in his dark hair, pulling on it to elicit a deep growl from the dark Jedi she loved. He pulled her tightly against him, and she could feel how she affected him. "I love you," he groaned between kisses. "I love you. I'm sorry." "I love you," she replied. "I love you, but I can't forgive you." He pulled back, startled by her admission. "Please," he begged. "Give me another chance. I can make it right." But Rey shook her head, memories of Jakku flying through her mind. "You left me. Nothing you do will ever change that." Kylo Ren swallowed. "What are we to do, then? I don't want to fight you." Rey shrugged. "I love you. But Luke Skywalker also loved his father before engaging in battle with him. Obi-Wan Kenobi loved Anakin Skywalker before severing all his limbs." She backed away from him, and ignited her lightsaber. The amethyst blade shot out of her unusually long hilt, and soon he knew why. A second blade, also violet, appeared at the other end. She was wielding a double-bladed lightsaber. Of course she was. Resigned, he drew his own saber, and red light battled with purple in the empty clearing. They circled each other, deep regret shining in their eyes. And now How can you talk of now? For us, there is no now. They lunged forward and struck. The lyrics belong to Andrew Lloyd Webber's 'Beneath A Moonless Sky' from Love Never Dies .