The Price of Vanity Summary: The seemingly gentlemanly Armitage Hux uses his Tinder profile as a lure to trap unwitting golddiggers to wine and dine them in an extravagant evening but when the bedroom door is shut, the facade is overhauled into a nightmare. Notes: The reader will be introduced in the second chapter but I wanted to set up Hux first and give you a taste of what this is actually going to be. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The little jingle, like the one one would associate a video game character jumping to, twinkled in the nearly empty townhouse. From the bathroom with the door ajar, it tweaked his ear and he already knew what it was but carried on washing his hands without overly reacting to it. Another one. Which shallow, greedy, vain individual would it be today? He cast his mind back on the prospective matches from that day, some he could remember clearly and others just barely. He’d remember snippets like an unusual name, a strange profile picture or a particularly sweet dog or cat; he always had a soft spot for cats. He had swiped right on a blonde three kilometres away; a confident, sassy looking woman of thirty with her lips puckered at the camera on what appeared to be a hen night. “Yes, you need to be purged, darling, look at you.” He inspected the following photos and from there, he deducted she was perfect. Posing with super cars, bold selfies in the mirror of an upmarket boutique; she was ideal, the male population would thank him for it. Even her tagline screamed it: “I like my men how I like my chocolate: rich and dark! Hahahaha!!” Subsequent by several irritating emojis of tiaras, diamonds, kissy faces, pound signs and whatever other pictures a textbook golddigger would find appropriate to put on her Tinder profile. “I’m not dark, darling.” He thought in response as a menacing smirk pulled at the corner of those pallid lips. “But I am rich. I’ll look after you.” He wasn’t the most attractive individual, he could admit that. He wasn’t conventionally handsome and out of habit, he always looked at his own profile to remind himself of how superficial humans could be. Here was he, an average looking man in his mid-thirties with a predictable profile (looking for relationship, someone to share my life with, social drinker, smoker, the usual). However, the hook for his desired type lay in his photos and in the single line beneath his profile picture: Head Surgeon at St. Snoke Memorial Hospital. An incredible post for a man of his age and it wasn’t a lie but some of the more currency hungry found it difficult to believe their luck that one of the finest surgeons in the country had been reduced to Tinder. Not reduced though, not at all even if the pale, thin frame and flaming head did seem to be somewhat repellent to the female species. His photos only amplified his implied (and very real) wealth. While his looks didn’t amount to much, Armitage dressed well and only in the best, obvious to those who knew what to look for and so he chose a picture of himself in an exceptional Armani tuxedo at an awards gala with a glass of champagne he couldn’t even begin to value. That usually grabbed their attention. If that wasn’t enough, to curiously swipe on that photo would reveal a more casual photo with his prized thoroughbred Ashera, Millicent. The next on a beach in Hawaii though he only posed for it for the purpose of the picture; Hux didn’t care for the sun and the speckling of rash on his glowing white chest should have been an indication of that. Finally retrieving his phone from the living room coffee table: New Match! The notification sang as he keyed the code to the homescreen and tapped the icon to open the app to find his picture and the blonde hen night girl vibrating next to each other. It’s a Match! You and Jessika have liked each other! He felt the usual stab of satisfaction when a particular favourite had fallen into the trap. Despite both swiping right, there was often a reluctance to initiate contact by both parties, purely out of nerves or fear of trolling. Hux, however…. Hux was a predator. In knowing what he wanted (and it wasn’t a golddigger, he would never find what he wanted and he had accepted that), he selected the new match and typed a charming introductory message with no hesitation whatsoever and it went from there. Meet me at the Savoy at 7.30pm. See you then, beautiful. Xxx What better way to snag a golddigger than to invite her to one of the most expensive, luxurious and exclusive restaurants in the city? And she didn’t disappoint. She was everything he expected. Not wanted, expected. The giggly flirtations with the shifting of heavily pencilled and scrutinizing eyes to his phone, his watch and wallet were all commonplace among his choices, this one was no different though she seemed to get under his skin faster than the others did. Terribly irritating and all as he found her, it was ingrained into him to treat her like a lady, even if she didn’t really act like one. The trapping began with a kiss to her hand outside and intensified when the menus were placed down in front of them. Drinks were first and champagne was a must. She sampled it like a pro and declared the Bollinger Vieilles Vignes Francaises of 2005 for £1,100 a bottle would do; it went without saying that he was paying for their evening together and why wouldn’t he make her last one memorable? Not that she’d be remembering it but he would. He smiled through it and reminded himself that this was payment for his sport. She certainly knew how to get her values worth when she selected the Beluga Royal Caviar for a simple starter and not the £150 for 30grams, heavens no. She would entertain nothing less than the 50g for £250; had she dined here before? The conversation was almost polite and she tended to focus on his job with the banal “It must be interesting!”, “That’s a lot of responsibility!”, “Oh gosh, I couldn’t do that!” or “You must be so intelligent!”. Plates cleared away to make room for their main, she naturally started to edge into his Tinder profile, asking about the holidays, the cat, the suits; his lavish lifestyle. All the while, the pound signs in her eyes were more than prominent. Two Chateaubriand steaks (one medium well done, the other rare) at £72 each found their way to the table where they were enjoyed in moderate silence; hers had been slathered with peppercorn sauce, his with marrowbone. He watched her eat between cutting his own mouthfuls; watched her savour every chew with soft sighs and lowered, mascaraed lashes. “I won’t even need to drug you.” For an ordinary human being to have such a disturbing thought might have been alarming to them but not Hux. No, this was run of the mill. He took another sip of the overpriced champagne, finding it not quite to his taste but he’d be damned if he didn’t drink it. The semi-quiet at the table allowed him to think of what he’d need, what he had to hand at home and how he would get her there. He disregarded the last part; she’d go willingly, like a lamb to the slaughter. Chocolate and hazelnut Opera cake was not enough for £9 for a meagre slice. She had to have the suggested accompanying wine for an extra £9 per glass while he opted for the passion fruit soufflé with orange ice-cream for £10.50. When the bill arrived and the time came to pay, he thanked the waiter (whom he knew by name) to ignore the overly-interested stare from across the table. The bill had come to some exorbitant sum of over £1,500; most of which she was responsible for. Would it have been cheaper to get a prostitute? Maybe but the thrill wasn’t the same if a woman expected danger. The pristine credit card was swept away and his wallet was shut before she could get a closer look inside but she was already trailing the side of her foot up and down his leg. Who needed a prostitute? The taxi was as close as they’d gotten. Wrapped around each other, tongues warring and hands wondering; the driver did his best to ignore it. His fingers grazed the purposely thin material of her panties that were easily accessible beneath the little black dress (that he suspected did not come from Primark), eliciting a breathy groan and a twitch of her newly exposed cunt to his fingers. As he expected, the tart didn’t shy away; rather, she opened her legs wider to let two fingers stretch her. It seemed the usual trick of cabbies taking the longer way around didn’t apply tonight as the driver was eager to get the over-enthusiastic lovers out of his car before they left a smell in the backseat. While Hux paid (again), Jessika surveyed the neighbourhood with awe as if all her birthdays had come at once but the poor golddigger was yet to see that she would not be having another birthday. The clothes on the floor more than likely came to thousands altogether as if the carpet didn’t match whatever sum they collected. The mattress sagged in different places as the two writhing bodies shifted and churned into satisfying poses of pleasure with the obscenest noises to accompany them. He was correct in his sentiments; he didn’t need to drug her nor did she resist or protest when he entered her without a condom, not that he had any intention of bowing to such petty objections whether she did or not. He assumed it would be sensible for a golddigger to be pro-choice or perhaps she was on the pill but he assumed she would have informed him for the sheer eroticism of it. Pinned to the bed, she relinquished control to him but it wouldn’t have been too difficult for him to take it regardless; he was far bigger than her. The thrusts were brutal, pelvis crashing savagely with primitive grunts of effort paired with more submissive whines from beneath. Faster and faster, harder and harder with a strength and force it didn't look like he possessed; Hux's bony hips pummeled mercilessly into Jessika's slightly meatier ones, relishing the sensation of raw, aggressive fucking. "Ahh.... Ahh.... Fuck.... Fuck.... FUCK YES!!! Oh God.... Right there.... Right there.... YES!!!" "That's it, tramp." The thought was automatic and unregulated without disrupting the flow of his brutal movements in response to the whorish ministrations and the bounce of breasts that Hux could categorically state, as a surgeon, were not real. "Take it, you fucking bitch. You knew what the champagne would cost you." "Let me try something." The sinister purr in her ear was far more amicable than the snarls she was now more acquainted with though the consent was an illusion. He withdrew to a whimper of both relief and disappointment while his knees found his own weight and the sheets permitted a shuffle towards hers until his cock met her mouth. She took him without complaint while he rooted in the bedside drawer, the exercise was not born of pleasure; it was simply to keep her quiet while his mind started to calculate. Her mouth milked him or tried to, he wasn’t giving her that just yet but the benign suckling encouraged movement in his lower quarters once more and a slight growl as he retrieved what he had been looking for. The propulsion of his loins continued while a white, silk scarf snaked around Jessika’s wrists with professionally careful hands and bound them tight while her head still glided ever so respectfully, the warm wet enveloping him in the most sacred way possible. The restriction didn’t seem to bother her; judging by the haughty (if muffled) giggle the upgrade in bedroom spice was welcomed and somehow he doubted she was a stranger to it. Despite the sweet tickle, he ejected his shaft and resumed his previous position but slower and more careful than before. When he leaned his face close to hers, Jessika poised and readied herself for another heavy session of invasive kissing but instead found him watching her facial expression and….. tightness. “What…. What’re you doing?” “Ssshhhh….. You’ll like it.” “Ar….Armitage? What’re yoggggguuuuuhhhh…..” The curtailment on her hands left her helpless though she did try to rub them together as if one might slip from the silk but to his sick delight, panic had taken over. In a new wave of arousal, his hips kicked back into action with another bout of hostile thrusts; fuelled by the thrashing beneath him and the beautiful shade of reddish-purple her face was beginning to turn from the slow tightening of the scarf. With an end looped around each fist and a shrinking amount of material on her throat, Hux continued to pull slowly until Jessika’s alarm was reduced to gasping wheezes and a weakening of her resistance. He counted the seconds; five, six, seven…. But his fucking into the almost unconscious woman was still relentless. However, he refused to allow himself release until he was sure Jessika was well and truly dead. “Now, now, Jessika.” The scolding taunt came from the weak thumping of her bound hands against his chest; they were more of an irritation or an inconvenience than a problem. “Be a good girl and it’ll be over soon. Think about the wonderful evening we had.” His breath was beginning to shorten but in a very different way to hers; they were both close but to very different things. The adrenaline surged through his system with testosterone as he pulled the scarf to such a degree that her neck became scarlet and his knuckles a delectable shade of ivory. Her noises and struggles became frailer, the spark started to die in her eyes and her eyelids started to flicker; all the while, Hux’s maintained his violent rammings that caused the bed to creak. In his mind, he combed through everything her body was being subjected to. He revelled in the idea of her trachea being crushed, the blood vessels bursting and the hindered flow of oxygen to her brain that, when her head lulled to the side, seemed to have cut off. Unconscious but not dead, his genital nudges slowed but didn’t cease in a bid to monitor her breathing and pulse. Inhales barely there and forced; he kept his hold but refused to tighten it. She wouldn’t be waking up again and the mere concept of it sent him spiralling into overdrive once more while the craving for an orgasm clawed at him. The mattress protested under the utter harassment, the headboard slammed repeatedly to the wall and his own carnal howls became central to the debauched scene; even more so (if it were possible) when Jessika’s body finally went limp. His ear tilted to her mouth but felt no tickle, even with the heaves of his own pants. “Thank you for a memorable night, Jessika.” The last demanding impels to the dead woman’s opening came to a stuttering halt as he emptied his contents into her; respect for the dead was by no means a priority. His choking came from pure exertion while he tried to compose himself but without removing himself from her. Rather than coping with his orgasm, he wallowed in the glorious aftermath with little consideration for if his partner was alive or dead. He rolled off to the other side of the king size bed, the corpse had served her purpose. He would use her again before he disposed of her but for now, was complacent enough to sleep beside her. Before he did that though, he seized the packet of cigarettes lighter and his phone for the usual post-coital ritual. His breathing had still to regulate but his lungs still dictated a cigarette to soothe his jitters and while he sucked on it, Tinder was opened once again. He swiped left on several; too boring, too modest, too sweet. But then he found something else, something not quite of his norm. He took in the immaculate hair, the mysterious eyes, the cocky smile; magnificence at its finest….. Lecturer at First Order University. That twigged his interest. Yes, the intelligence was there, he could see it. Out of sheer curiosity, he swiped right and immediately, the ding! delighted him. It’s a Match! You and Y/N have liked each other! Notes: Jessika is not the reader. The reader will be introduced in chapter two which will be posted in the next day or so. Chapter 2 : Punish the Proud Summary: The reader has her wicked way with a certain pilot and when she's done with him, moves onto the next one in the shape of a mysterious redheaded surgeon. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) On the same night, in the same city; a similar travesty occurred with the same twisted precision and same method to an incurable madness. “Trans-Atlantic pilot. That’s…. Wow, that’s incredible.” Yes, he was hooked. The olive skinned stunner across the table worked the charms that always got him what he wanted and while you reacted the way he desired, you were more intelligent than that. A subtle tilt back of the head, a slow blink, a coy smile and a heightening of those breath-taking eyes that had captivated him (and not just him) enough to swipe right. Poe might have been so cocky to think he had you but you had him. The flirtation had increased gradually on both sides but the eye-fucking had started from the moment you recognized him in the pub and sat down. “That takes intellect, dedication.” Your chin slotted into the snug crevice of your palm to gaze across the table at the perfect specimen and Poe responded with an involuntary puff of his chest and a roll of his shoulders; how often did he have a woman to the point of swooning? He was clearly used to it. “It’s not every night I get to sit across from a university lecturer, a doctor.” The proud American twang probably would have sent an excited shudder through anyone else and while you felt it too, it was different and far more sinister. He watched you with hunger lurking behind those magnificent brown eyes and though your features were significantly softer, your intentions were much darker. His flattery continued when the desired reactions were extracted and so you kept feeding it, giving him what he wanted and luring him further and further beyond the point of no return. “A woman so striking and intelligent that I’m feeling a little stupid over here!” “Oh stop!” Your laughter tinkled and caused a fresh look of wanting and intrigue to seep into those chiselled features. Temporary curls bounced with the coquettish flick and the seemingly innocent crossing of your legs was perhaps not so innocent when your foot accidentally brushed his leg and paused there just long enough to be suggestive. “You don’t pilot jets with hundreds of lives entrusted to you by flunking and procrastinating! I think you have more brains than you’re letting on!” Pumping his ego is one way to drop his guard and by the way his hand lingered dangerously close to yours instead of his pint was a strong indication that your attempts to play the giggly, silly, hair-tossing bimbo were working. False sense of security? Tick that box. “So umm…..” Poe’s voice had dropped despite the din of the bar around you though it made little difference as he had leaned in closer across the small table meant for two; naturally, you met him halfway. “I was thinking of maybe…. Not getting another drink after this one?” To emphasize the point, he’d lifted his almost empty glass barely an inch or so and gave it a little shake from side to side. Perhaps you played the part a little too well if he felt the need to add actions to his proposal so you would understand rather than him openly explaining it for neighbouring tables to hear. You waited for a second, letting him think it was sinking in while you returned that intense stare and continuing the dumb façade. “Ohhh….!” The ‘realization’ was paired with a ditzy smile and a readying wiggle of your shoulders. Relieved and pleased that he didn’t have to explain it, he smirked along with you and waited. “Okay, yeah. Drink up then.” “Well, your place or mine? I have a hotel room a short-“ “Mine.” You declare maybe a little too sharply but just enough to let him think you want it. Hand still lingering on the glass, the intensity is shared between the two of you but he doesn’t protest. “You said you wanted to try new things? I have things at home we can try. And…. It’s soundproof.” If that didn’t rouse his interest, nothing would. There had to be a story there; what had happened to say you had soundproofed your home? Was it such a regular occurrence that you could justify the expense and the trouble to do so? Poor Poe, he wouldn’t discover the real reason until it was too late. “It’s only a few minutes away, we don’t need a taxi. Finish your drink.” True to your word, a taxi was not required but wasn’t it more fun to stumble down the street on the arm of a handsome pilot, stopping for the occasional exchange of saliva and high on anticipation, knowing what you were going to do to him? The journey should have taken maybe five or seven minutes but ended up taking approximately twenty since you and your prey took every opportunity to pin each other to any solid object (a lamppost, a fence, a wall, a telephone box) for yet another lewd embrace. Eventually and joined at the face once more, you and Poe fell through the door of your apartment though neither of you would remember closing it. The contact evolved from wanting touches to the blind, urgent tugging of clothes but more precision would be required than just tugging; the reason both of you were still in a frustrating state of dress. “I got curious.” Poe admitted in a pant while he tried to look less frenzied in his stripping. Already poised on the bed in your Ann Summer’s best, you tilted your head a little in a silent invitation for him to continue. “When we matched, got talking.” His trousers had disappeared, flung somewhere without a second thought and it seemed talking and unbuttoning his shirt at the same time was too much for the foreigner. “I googled you. Found you on Youtube giving a lecture. Something about medieval torture methods.” You felt a smirk twitch at the corner of your lip but fought to control it, simply let your eyes scan the trail of hair; the end of which was covered by his last remaining garment: his boxers. “I watched it.” Significantly more collected now, Poe approached the side of the bed as your eyes heightened to his enlarging form. ”I watched you talk. Didn’t really listen, just watched. Watched your mouth.” Your chin was gripped gently but importunately and your head tilted back to meet his gaze. “And I found myself wondering….. What else can she do with that mouth?” Instead of restraining the smirk this time, you opted to let it spread like plague. Rolling from your side to your knees, you lifted your pure gaze to him once more while fingering the elastic of the boxers; a simple method of teasing. “I suppose…..” Biting your lip and peeling back the material ever so briefly to take a swift peek; it was clear to see why he walked with such incurable swagger. “There’s really only one way to find out, isn’t there?” There was little more than a chuckle in response as he gathered your hair and draped it over one shoulder and held it there but for more than one purpose. Not just in consideration of keeping your hair out of your face but also the more selfish condition of being able to control your head. Already, liquids were beginning to gather as evidenced by the moist dot at the front of the boxers that you still toyed with but also starting to lubricate your own folds as prediction started to become reality. When you finally shimmied down the material; his cock sprang free of its confines and bounced almost in celebration with a little bead of pre-cum oozing as thanks, like a gift for liberation. “Oh hello.” You greeted sweetly as you leaned in to kiss away the little pearl in front of your face; much to Poe’s amusement. Rather than wasting time with idle chit chat that the organ could not reciprocate, you craned your neck and dipped low to scrape your tongue from the very bottom at the seam of his testicles to the tip where more pre-cum had bubbled specially for you. The long, deep “Oooohhhhhhh….” Was certainly a good start and an even better incentive to keep going; as was the almost pained hiss as your tongue slithered directly to the opening at the tip. You took him gradually, despite the insistent fisting into your hair with frail attempts to push you beyond comfort but those appeared to have taken a back seat to the current pleasure for the moment. But why would you leave him starved? Hadn’t you invited him home with the intention of fulfilment and satisfaction? Maybe not just for him but also some of your ominous needs. So, with little persuasion, your head started to move with the help of lazy propels of his hips to meet your mouth and your fingernails marking their territory on his buttocks. To look up and see those dark waves bouncing ever so slightly from the sways of his pelvis, his knees almost buckle under the strain of ecstasy and lids hooding spirited eyes while you worked your oral magic brought a flutter of pride to your chest. Two sets of groans (one more muffled than the other), the wet squelch of your unashamedly open mouth taking to its task and the occasional choking grunt elicited by every millimetre he crawled closer to the back of your throat; those were the only sounds to grace the bedroom air….. For now. Your speed increased and you fought your way through your discomfort to swallow as much of the well-travelled cock that your gag-reflex would allow (which seemed to be plenty) until his thrusts became more powerful and driven by pure hedonism. You had become more than adept at reading the male orgasm and while it might have taken years to perfect, it was now an exceptionally useful tool. Before he could spill his load in an utterly selfish way, you withdrew to an involuntary snarl of protest. Slipping from the bed to the other side from where Poe still stood, you began to remove the (exorbitantly priced) bra and panties set, aware all the while that you were being watched. He didn’t require much encouragement to clamber onto the bed when his only indication was a wordless point though he continued to watch, fascinated as you prowled the room like your hidden predator to gather what you needed. He wanted new? You’d give him new. The handcuffs didn’t seem to excite him all that much but you explained in a minacious purr that the cuffs were only a restraint for what you were going to do. And you promised him it would be new; so new, in fact, that he would never experience it again. Poe failed to see the newness when you sank down onto his throbbing shaft but writhed in enjoyment regardless. As before, you took it slowly and you took it moderately with your hands propping you up against his chest and nails resuming their digging while you rode him. He strained against the cuffs, eager to touch and your smirk only grew with each attempt the pilot made against the spirals on either side of the headboard and his frustration when he failed. Perhaps you were being too taunting, too teasing. When you’d lean down close to his face and graze your lips against his only to snatch them away mid-thrust when he tried to muster the brain power clogged by pleasure to respond. Hauling yourself back to your full height; you felt the reverberating moan as he watched you tinkering with your clitoris, slow and purposeful to drag out the desperate lust of the pilot sandwiched between you and your mattress. You couldn’t pinpoint it but somewhere along the way, Poe began to realize you were not as simple or airheaded as he had allowed himself to believe. Did that scare him? Being tied to the bed with no means of escape or self-help should have scared him; especially when he began to notice such a merciless change. But Poe was far too enveloped in physical euphoria; revelling in the smell of two connected humans, the slap of skin on skin and of course the sensation in his lower quarters that was different for each and every one of us. His eyes had closed; he couldn’t have seen it coming. You leaned in again with raised eyes, examining the plump veins ballooning among the muscles under the strain of the cuffs, trying to choose which one to try first. But did it really matter? The blade seemed to sing as it swung and latched into his right wrist, pausing there for a moment while it gathered enough momentum to drag itself downwards and therefore tear through the flesh, almost to his elbow. Corrosive to the skin and detrimental to everything inside it, your close proximity was to taste the first taint of panic on his breath and you savoured just that when his eyes flew open. For a moment, everything seemed suspended in nothing while Poe tried to piece his situation together. He felt pain but couldn’t understand why. He saw blood but couldn’t decipher from where. He felt you close but not moving like you had been, more gently grinding rather than the full blown thrusts he had relished up until a few seconds ago. The bravado and cockiness had evaporated and left little more than a frightened child. He looked from the devastating, vertical wound then back to you with ceaseless incomprehension, repeating the action until you were sure his neck was sore. But a crick in his neck was the least of Poe’s problems and he seemed to realize it. Especially when you wrenched out the pointed instrument and pierced the left wrist to match the right. Only then did he begin to scream and thrash in a petrified bid to throw you off but the damage was done even if he succeeded. He must have forgotten about the soundproofing, failed to remember that no one was going to hear him or help him. In his hysteria, the blood just seemed to scatter rather than seep. Scarlet coated you, Poe, the bed, the wall and beyond depending on how he tried to rattle himself free. Of course, the more of fluster Poe tumbled into, the faster his heart raced and powered the blood through his veins until it reached the damaged ones, projecting it further and harder with every frantic move he made. Naturally, he couldn’t keep that up forever. The crimson (or what was left of it in his body) was a limited resource and was fast dwindling. His movements began to slow, his eyelids struggled to hold their own weight and anything that left his mouth simply did so as a jumble of vowels and consonants that probably made sense within his fizzing brain but meant nothing to you. Weakened to the point of drained exhaustion, it was only a matter of time so you swung off the paling form of the once fine womanizer Poe Dameron and sink down beside him without even an inkling of removing the cuffs. Distraction came from the distinctive melody of your phone alerting you to a Tinder notification. Reaching across the trembling, dizzy, blood soaked mass to the bedside table; you found yourself not only with a match but also a message. Scrutinizing the picture for familiarity, you recognized him as the redheaded surgeon from Snoke’s. Not the handsomest fellow but grounded, wealthy (flauntingly so if the cat was anything to go by), massively intelligent and probably cocky; it was obvious that his matches (if he got any) were attracted to the money he didn’t bother to be modest about. The message was opened and scanned with mild surprise at the manners; it wouldn’t have surprised you if you were dealing with a conceited misogynist. Good evening. I confess I needed to double check when I matched with you, in utter disbelief that you were in fact, who I recognized. I have followed your lectures for some time, in awe of the gruesome details (I’m a surgeon myself) and captivated by your flawless and fearless delivery. I admire that in a woman, a woman who defies convention of what she should and should not study, what she should and should not pursue; particularly if the subject is “unladylike”. I would love to discuss some of your topics in more detail and in person, Doctor, if you can spare me an evening of your no doubt exceptionally busy schedule. Of course, with the nature of Tinder, perhaps we could discuss more than just blood and gore? If the idea is appealing, please do message me back to arrange a convenient time. If not, no offence will be taken but I don’t think I need to remind you that you swiped right too! I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest possible convenience. Warmest compliments, A.Hux. A tad formal for a Tinder message? Perhaps but in his mind, he was sure an esteemed woman like yourself would appreciate an intellectual and more thought out message than “wanna fuck?” There may have been some ill-truths in the text. He did not recognize you when you popped up initially but the intrigue had clawed at him to such a degree that he couldn’t resist following Poe’s example and googling the university and your (first) name only to go from there to Youtube. From there, the rest of the message was true. You had captivated him with your intricate speech and horrendous details but all coming from the mouth of a woman he found magnificently compatible. As you read it with Poe’s dying heaves barely audible in the background, you were certainly tempted. A surgeon? You’d be stupid not to. Let him spoil you for an evening or two, let Poe’s demise die down first and who knew, you might even get ideas if you poked a little. With that in mind, you began to type with the smell of iron thick in your nostrils. Was he even dead yet? Well! That’s a nice change from the messages I usually get! You’re indeed correct, Doctor, I did swipe right and I have every intention of living up to that responsibility. As for your request, I would love to discuss cannibalism over a good steak but alas, I don’t eat out very often so I will relinquish the responsibility of choosing a venue to you. My evenings are free as I finish at the university at about three so please do choose a time and day that suits your schedule as mine is reasonably flexible. I look forward to meeting you and testing how strong your stomach is! Fond regards, Y/N. Notes: There she is! More fucked up messing around when these two meet in the next chapter! Hope you enjoyed! xxx Chapter 3 : Two Doctors Summary: The night of yours and Hux's first date arrives. But will it go to plan? Notes: This is a disclaimer of sorts. Recently, I saw on the UK news that someone was targeting young, gay men on a dating app and murdering them. I'd like to stress that I drew no inspiration from this case whatsoever, I had actually started this story before I saw it and I don't even live in the UK. Just in case people were drawing parallels, I absolutely do not condone what happened and my condolences go to the victims and their families. I just felt it was right to put this out there as this story is not related whatsoever to the ongoing case. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The clock struck eight and he was already waiting, punctual and exact but of course, you had to be fashionably late. You had chatted moderately on Tinder, exchanged phone numbers to text but neither of you really took up that option. Tinder was less demanding; there would be only one tinkle of the notification maybe an hour after the message was received and no tell-tale tick to show the message had been read. It was conveniently less committal than texting but when you did take the time, the conversation was vague; inquiring about each other's days, the weather and other such silly things. It seemed unspoken that you would save the real conversation for the first meeting and that night had finally arrived. Nervous? No, not you. You had a flare for confidence and commanding attention; your job demanded it and why should your love life be any different? He bid you to meet him at the Savoy at 8pm and while he waited, you still lazily watched the passing scenes of progress beyond the windows of the taxi. The Savoy…. You remembered telling him you didn’t eat out much, you suggested he choose; but you didn’t think he’d choose like this . How were you to know that he’d only been there a few nights previous with another companion? Would you have cared? Of course not! You were being wined and dined by one of the best surgeons in the country and in one of the most expensive and exclusive restaurants in the city! Did he have a reason for bringing you here? …….Maybe. “Doctor.” You greeted flawlessly when his head swiveled to the clicking of your heels on the pavement. He took in everything; your hair, your outfit, your make-up and of course, your self-assurance. Perhaps that was the most attractive thing but would you ever know? “Doctor.” The reply was similar and reserved as he closed the distance between you. Clasping your outstretched hand as expected but lifting it to his lips instead; an unorthodox action that you responded to with a flirtatious smirk that put the redhead on a knife-like edge. Let the games begin . “Shall we?” He was charming, complimentary and noticeably better looking than in his Tinder photos. No matter what you said or did, he watched and listened with a patient and interested curiosity but there was something about him... Something familiar.... You had never had surgery at Snoke's nor had you visited anyone there. True, you had been born there but you doubted your memory stretched that far and he only had two or three years on you at most. Had you seen him out and about? Perhaps but in such a large city with millions of people, it was highly unlikely. You both disliked nightclubs, opting for a quiet pub (like the one you had lured Poe from) but you would have remembered him. Maybe it wasn't his face or anything physical about him; it could have easily been a trait or something equally invisible. “Favourite method of torture?” It was almost cheerful as he sliced through that expensive slab of flesh, the faint dribble of blood seeping down onto the plate bothered neither of you. The questions had evolved from the basic first date chit-chat of where you had grown up to what led you to your respective fields and taken a more exciting turn. “Oh you can’t make me answer that!” You protested playfully, having swallowed your own barely cooked mouthful and a splash of red wine to compliment the pinkened flesh. “It’s like asking me to choose between my children!” He gave no physical reaction to you mentioning children on a first date but internally, you recoiled. Did you even want children? Hard to know but your current lifestyle certainly wouldn’t accommodate them. He chewed away happily (seeming to have abandoned his previously uptight demeanour, having grown comfortable in your presence) but watched with intensity and expectancy for an answer from across the table. First execution then disease and now torture, he had indeed proved his stomach was cast iron and his interest keen; not just on the topic of conversation but on the impressive woman in his sights. “Oh come now! I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours!” Between the flowing alcohol and the undeniable compatibility; Hux had more than relaxed and truth be told? So had you. Another generous mouthful renewed his confidence to gaze upon you and encourage you to answer yet another sick question, not the first to be batted back and forth that evening; how blessed you both were that the restaurant was almost empty! “You know I’m far from sensitive, (Y/N), out with it!” “Fine!” The muffled chuckle that greeted your faux pout did not go unnoticed, it was merely recognition of getting his own way but also….. He found it rather cute . Mopping up some marrowbone sauce with half a roast potato, his eyes found yours while both rows of teeth worked in tandem to pulverize it and reduce it to swallowing consistency; for such a thin man, he was quite fond of his food. “Have you ever heard of scaphism?” His face melted into a curious frown and you could probably assume that to be a negative. “I don’t think I have.” He replied thoughtfully, pausing another forkful and maintaining his polished manners of never speaking with his mouth full. With no doubt that he was an intelligent man (who could come off as quite obnoxious at times), he was not ashamed when he didn’t know something. “I’m assuming it’s delightfully disturbing? Are you going to tell me about it or do I have to be rude and Google it?” “Oh it is.” You promise with a wise, knowing incline of your head that only appeared to intrigue him further. “It’s so wonderfully disgusting and cruel, you may almost feel sorry for your victim.” “You do know how to capture the intrigue!” He chortles with a pause of his fork; the look alone was flattery in itself. “But I’m dying to hear!” “Very well.” You concede gracefully once another chunk of meat had met the required consistency for swallowing; it seemed he wouldn’t be pawned off any longer. “Scaphism is exceptionally slow and no doubt agonizing. It can take days.” He paused his elegant but enthusiastic swig of wine in another show of attentiveness but you continued as he obviously wanted you to do. “It’s an ancient Persian tradition of execution but I think the mere thought of it is enough to make anyone tell you what you want to know. The checklist might seem a little tedious but I promise, it’s more than worth it.” He knew you were teasing him just then to cut yourself another sliver and took to swirling his wine while you took your time. “The first thing you need is copious amounts of honey and milk to induce a severe case of diarrhea in your ‘interviewee’-“ “Interviewee!” He repeated with another good-natured titter, as if you were discussing the playful antics of puppies and kittens rather than arguably one of the most brutal execution methods to be conceived by the human mind. “I’m sorry, that’s wonderful and I’m sure I have milk and honey lying around at home somewhere. Please go on.” “Ah but do you have a swamp and two boats at your disposal? Because if you do, I’ll be very impressed.” As if snatched by the opportunity to impress you but finding himself cornered by his lack of a swamp or indeed boats, his eyes heightened to yours but he remained silent. “I thought not. The purpose of the diarrhea is to render the victim not only dehydrated but also exceptionally smelly. I suppose the extra coating of milk on the body helps with the attraction of insects before they are tied between two boats in the center of the swamp.” Hux had stopped chewing, almost as if what he was hearing was too good to be true. There was that spark in his eye, that undeniable arousal and little were you to know that it was such a vile topic of conversation paired with the knowledgeable and prepossessing woman opposite him that piqued it. “Between whatever is hiding beneath the surface of the water and the airborne insects, the victim spends the day having their flesh nibbled, bitten and eaten which makes for quite an unpleasant experience, wouldn’t you say?” “Thrillingly so! But surely that’s not it?” “Goodness no!” Another grateful gulp of the rich liquid (you had seen the wine list, none of it was cheap but he had selected the bottle and so you remained ignorant of the actual cost) wet your mouth to enable you to resume your gruesome recounting. “So, as you can imagine, the sanitary conditions in swamp water are non-existent.” His agreement was nodded through a mouthful of potato; if anyone knew about sterility and wounds, it was him. “The mouths of whatever bit them are hardly clean so infection is an inevitability and when the day is done, they are brought back to shore, fed more milk and honey only to repeat the process again the next day until death occurs. And that, my dear Doctor, is scaphism.” Exceptionally pleased with the look of almost dumfounded fascination, you drained the bottle into your glass and he made no move to stop you. “Now you have to tell me yours.” “Well….” His throat was cleared to free himself when he realized just how truly stunned he appeared to be and a wipe of a white linen napkin to clear his lips of crimson. “My favourite form of torture and/or execution was rat torture. You know the one, I’m sure? Using a heated bucket to drive rats through the gut of the victim?” “Eating their way through stomach and intestines? I do, I wrote a paper on it.” “Yes, well, truth be told, I only know it from seeing it on Game of Thrones.” The confession was lighthearted with a shrug and a sweet grimace to match before his eyes found yours again with the previous intensity. “But I think I have a new favourite.” “Stick with me, Doctor, and I’ll open your mind.” You assured him with a raising of your glass to a toast in which he joined you. “Not literally though, that’s your job.” The joke went down well, as did the rest of the main course. Dessert menus soon followed and though you tried to decline, he was terribly insistent. Black cherry, vanilla and Kirsch baked Alaska seemed too good to be missed and he agreed to join you in it. “We need more wine as well.” He informed the waiter who had just taken the dessert order; a dark haired, neat young man clearly trying to pay his way through college. Scanning the wine list, he wanted something luxurious . “Bring us two glasses of the Petrus 1996, thank you.” The end of the sentence was punctuated with a sharp snap of the wine list as it shut and handed aloft for the much younger man to take. “But sir, that’s-“ “I know exactly what it is, Thanisson. Bring two glasses as I doubt your manager will be overly pleased with you refusing a loyal customer for the sake of a few thousand pounds! Go!” The look of irritation was swift but the composure took over quickly. Had you gotten a very quick glance at a temper? A temper it wouldn’t suit him for you to know he had? You remained unmoved by it though there seemed to be a twinge of awkwardness that he broke by excusing himself to the restroom. “Give her the red stemmed glass, I’ll take the black. I need to be able to tell them apart.” Out of your view at the cocktail bar, the surgeon conversed quietly and hurriedly with the waiter; an accomplice. The restaurant had emptied but paranoia bit at him as he craned his neck in the direction of the table where you placidly swiped left and right on the screen of your phone. Only a few grains of the powdered substance would be all it would take and so the granules found themselves tumbling into the red stemmed glass while the black was safe. The hesitation and regret in the waiter was momentary and only lasted until a bundle of notes were pressed into his hand and subsequently weaseled into the black linen shirt of his uniform. “Don’t spend it all on weed this time, Thanisson, will you? Take the glasses over, I need the restroom.” It might not have been so clear to you but to Hux, the choice in venue was obvious; behind the scenes help. Your phone was politely stowed away when you noticed his imminent return to the table. The glasses had been set down though you had yet to sample the dark crimson inside; you opted to wait for your host and he didn’t keep you waiting. No sooner had the glasses met the table, he returned to you and resumed his seat though for some reason, his attention turned to the glasses rather than you. It was only a brief distraction, of course, but noticeable all the same. He brushed it off, however, and conversation picked up where it had been left off. Something wasn’t right, he had been focused on you before but never like this; this was far more intense…. As if he was waiting for something. Suddenly…. You recognized it. Something you couldn’t put your finger on earlier but now you saw it…. The same thing you admired in yourself in the mirror every morning, especially after a match. Predation . But… Ohhhh…. His head tilted involuntarily while you returned the intensity and picked up your glass. Holding it elegantly by the stem, you began to swirl it and with every twist of your wrist, his head seemed to resist rotating a small circle to follow you. What he also didn’t seem to realize is that you were playing with him. Your free index finger wetted itself in your mouth without removing your eyes from him before tracing along the rim of the glass to make it sing. His trance deepened by the unwavering eye contact and the physical rigidity when you lifted the glass to your lips but stopped and watched him loosen when you stopped but his gaze never faltered. “Smells very rich.” You murmur coyly as he deflated when the base of your glass rested on the table once more. “I couldn’t possibly….” His face became unreadable but if pressed, you could see a mixture of dread, fear and rage compiling in his features as your finger dipped and stirred in the dark red liquid. “Oh but…. What’s this?” Like a child, uncomprehending, he stared at the transformation that took place on your fingertip; as the nail slowly changed from a generic red to an incriminating purple. “Oh Doctor. Tut tut.” For a moment, he said nothing; just sullenly refused to look away from the glass that had betrayed him, as if trying to calculate what had happened. You waited. Waited for something, anything and you had almost given up until a meek but bold voice disrupted your wait; it also gave you great satisfaction to see he had paled significantly. “What are you going to do? ” It was his turn to wait and wait for an answer you would make him. Instead, you continued to swirl the contents of the glass and the wine inside that could potentially be deadly, depending on the attacker’s mood. But now the attacker was cornered and his fate hung in the balance of your twisted imagination and vile sense of revenge. “I could do a number of things.” You answered casually after a torturously long pause, anything to make him squirm and the vagueness seemed to do that. The extension in the silence was accidental as the young waiter returned with the desserts though neither of you could tear your gazes away from each other. While you remained passively flirty for the sake of the waiter and his impressions, Hux tried not to look utterly terrified; you put it down to never being caught before. Neither of you touched your third course, even after Thanisson had bowed himself away; Armitage, the confident surgeon, wanted to hear what you had in store. “I could call the police…..” He shifted in his seat and opened his mouth to protest but words failed him; you continued regardless with nonchalance. “I could have this entire place shut down but that’s too mild. Let me see here….” Eyes cast to the ceiling in playful thought and glass still in hand you already knew what you were going to do. The swallow from across the table was both audible and visible though he let nothing else slip past the guard he had built in the last few moments. "Or I could do what you intended to do and use my imagination." Those speckled characteristics melted into confusion when your arm stretched across the table to hold the glass of tampered wine out to him. “Drink it.” You thought it would take more persuasion. And really, why should he trust you? What was to stop you doing all those things while he was incapacitated? Absolutely nothing. Nevertheless, he seized the glass and anchored his eyes with yours while he chugged down every poisoned drop. It wasn’t sophisticated or dignified, quite the opposite of his portrayal of himself since his arrival, if anything. But you entertained it; watched it with blatant satisfaction and echoes of it in your smirk. A reverberating clunk rang in the empty restaurant when the base of the glass hit the table. A very slight pant ruffled in his chest as he stared you down and stood by for the next instruction. “Give me your phone.” Again, he complied without delay and soon, the latest (pristine) iPhone sat beside your forgotten dessert. You found his address, put it into your own phone and he did nothing to stop you. He placidly took back the phone when you handed it but somehow, you felt the docility was not of choice but from the drugs working their way from the inside out. When you stood, his vision followed you as if trying to fathom your movements but like a newborn deer, he too shuffled to his feet with the intention of blindly following you. “Let’s go.” On occasion, you honed your acting skills in your lectures. Whether it was sharpening an axe with one beady eye on your students or recreating the screams common in a torture chamber, it made the lesson come alive which is why the seats were always filled and there were usually a few stragglers standing at the back. Now though, those skills were just for one person – the taxi driver. “Are you free?!” You scrambled to the driver window in a faux panic that would have made any Oscar winner envious. For show, you glanced to where Hux sat slumped against a wall with his back scraping off the railings behind. “My boyfriend! They spiked my boyfriend! They were trying to get me but got the wrong drink!” Hux’s eyes were flickering and his mouth hung agape; the taxi driver leaned back in his seat to look and immediately, the key was turned in the ignition. “Does he need to go to the hospital?!” You had already left the window and were now trying to adjust your arms around him to support him like any good girlfriend would – until the taxi man came to your aid. Then, you just hung back “worried” while the middle-aged male tried to wrestle your dead-weight date into the back of the car. “No, I’m a nurse!” You lied again, careful to keep the alarm alive in your tone for the sake of performance. “I can look after him, I just need to get him home! That’s the address!” You handed him the phone with the address on the screen under the heading ‘Home’ before slipping into the backseat to pretend to make a fuss of the surgeon; even shedding a few petrified tears for good measure. The sinister meowing of a lone cat echoed from somewhere deep in the bowels of the townhouse. The taxi driver would have given you faith in humanity if you were looking for it when he helped you support the now almost unconscious Hux up into his bedroom though you tipped him well for it. With him gone, you had scope for your mind to roam: “What to do with you?” While he stirred and fought to open his eyes, you turned him on his stomach as for him to choke on his own puke would be a terrible waste. But what’s the worst thing any woman can do to an insatiable man? You turned on your heel and clipped out, leaving only a note and a waft of perfume behind. Call me when you can stomach me. You and I have a lot to discuss. Goodnight, Doctor. x Notes: Also, please forgive the delay in this chapter and other chapters (Pristine Condition, Precious Cargo, etc), I was on holidays! Chapter 4 : Bloodlust Summary: You've made him wait; ignored his calls, texts and messages. But what will he do when you break the silence? Notes: Have you ever wondered about the goings on surrounding the deaths outside yours and Hux's little bubbles? Have you ever wondered about the police involvement? If you have, have a look at this! http://archiveofourown.org/works/8925760/chapters/20445589 If you're looking for another outlandish Hux fic, try this one! http://archiveofourown.org/works/6641233/chapters/15193462 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Hello, this is Dr (Y/L/N)’s office, how can I help you? Oh….” Maz’s make-up caked face fell into an attentive frown before her eyes flickered up to where you leaned against her desk; mid-chat. Suddenly, she snapped into action and dived into her desk for a notepad and a pen before frantically scribbling with the phone wedged between her cheek and her shoulder. “Of course, if you’ll just give me a moment to check…” Meanwhile, she had scrawled a name onto the pad and whipped it around to face you. Dr Hux. Meeting? She knew you too well even though you knew little about her; where she came from and what her name was short for was a mystery to you. However, you had given her a very watered down account of events three nights previous which led to the surgeon pursuing you relentlessly with purposely missed phone calls and radio silence. A simple nod was all she needed to carry on with the lie. “I’m terribly sorry, Dr Hux but it appears she’s in a meeting right now and is taken up with lectures for the rest of the day.” A pause while she took in an explanation from the other end of the phone. “I’m afraid I can’t speak for her after hours. The only phone I can answer is this one; if she’s not answering her mobile, there’s little I can do.” Trust Hux to give Maz grief over something beyond her control but trust Maz to stand her ground with a pained roll of her eyes. “Yes, sir. I’ll pass on the message and I’ll have her call you at some point today. Yes, as soon as she gets out of the meeting. Yes, before she breaks for lunch. Yes, before she draws a breath. Good day, Doctor.” With the call carefully hung up, Maz’s gaze returned to you but this time, incredulous. “I can see why you’re avoiding him.” “I’m not avoiding him.” You reply casually with a small shrug and a careless examine of your nails. “I’m playing with him.” The difference was outlined purposely and judging by the smirk and the quirked eyebrow, she had played your game before. “I’ll call him later; it’s been three days, it’s about time I let him catch me.” “You gonna let him catch you in the Savoy?” Trust Maz to play coy but she had been completely taken aback when she learned the venue of the first date and a little bit disappointed that none of her dates had ended up there. “No. We’re going to play on my turf next time.” The call went dead only for the ward phone to be hurled down onto the counter with incredible temper and a furious scoff like a child on the brink of tantrum. He stared at it as if the object itself had offended him while he barely kept himself in check when he reminded himself of where he was. "Still nothing?" The voice landed him hard in reality. Stripping off a pair of blue latex gloves (he preferred non-powdered); a younger, dark haired man with a closeted homosexuality and his favourite surgery nurse had appeared fresh from the theatre - the patient had (of course) survived. Mitaka – his confidante. Well…. Not with everything. "It's been three days!" Hux allowed himself a bite of frustration to the trusted source. "What do I have to do?!" In those three days, Armitage found himself obsessing and lacking in concentration; admittedly, the worst time for such a lapse was while he had a scalpel in his hand but there was no telling when it would strike. All the more reason to cure this terrible itch that tormented him in the form of a woman like no other. When he woke up a few hours after to your departure to a simple and vague note, he had felt inexplicably cheated. Groggy and all as he had been, he still raced to the front door (stumbling quite a bit along the way) and wrenched it open to look up and down the street but, of course, you were long gone. And the note hadn't left his person since. It remained possessively in his pocket (coat, trousers, pyjamas, surgical scrubs) as if to have it close would summon you at any given time and he had to be ready. Call me when you can stomach me. Whatever "stomaching" entailed, he was ready but the attempts at contact were being ignored. Had this been another conquest, he would have cut his losses and moved on but you weren't just another conquest; you had rounded on him completely and turned the tables of his carefully laid plans. Had that fateful night revealed something that he thought he would never find? Someone just like him? Someone who was more than an expensive meal, a dying fuck and a workout when disposing of the body? No, you sent different chills down his spine. You sent his imagination into places it had never been but he daren’t hope that he had found someone as dark as he was. “Maybe she’s not interested.” Mitaka shrugged, taking the space beside Hux at the countertop to begin filling in his share of the paperwork. “Tinder isn’t exactly the most stable place to meet someone; she could’ve forgotten about you already. And I can’t for the life of me understand why you insist on using Tinder anyway.” The redhead shifted uncomfortably at the mention of Tinder; he now only touched the app to root your out number, send a few desperate messages to your profile and no swiping had been done either. “Give her some space.” He advised reasonably. “Let her come to you. If she doesn’t contact you by tomorrow, try someone else.” Wise young Mitaka. Though Hux had endured the advice and grudgingly accepted it, his patience was about to be rewarded; approximately twenty minutes after he got home that evening, in fact. Fire lit, dinner in the oven, Millicent purring on the sofa; he was only in a fit mood to change into his pyjamas and sulk like a teenager until his phone trilled. He assumed it was simply Mitaka telling him he had forgotten something at the hospital; that wasn’t uncommon in his ongoing state of pre-occupation. However, instead of “ You forgot your….”, he was greeted with something far less monotonous and much more intriguing. “I hope you haven’t forgotten about me? x” The text itself and the single kiss at the end of it sent him scrambling after the initial tidal wave of disbelief and almost childlike excitement had subsided. Carefully, he seated himself beside the cat while he composed his nerve and whetted his lips to concentrate on a crucial few words. “Never. x” Or maybe just one word. Before he could stop himself to elaborate, he sent it and only then did he take a moment to scold himself for acting so rashly. You had made him slog through three days of ignored calls, texts and Tinder messages; not to mention the creativity of ferreting out the number of your office, only to respond instantly to the first scrap of attention in what seemed like an eternity. Hux stared at the screen; harassed. He refused to put the phone out of his hand in case your enthusiasm matched his own but somewhere in his logic, he doubted that would be the case. Lips smacking nervously, palms sliding subconsciously up and down on his thighs and breath quivering; he couldn’t seem to tear his eyes from the short conversation on the screen. He sat there as the minutes crawled by with hope slowly dying in his chest, becoming more and more convinced that it was a cruel trick; simple bait to keep his interest (and desperation) piqued. Until….. “I know you’ve been thinking about me.” “Constantly.” Came the simpering and immediate response but he no longer cared for demeanour. “I’ve been thinking about you too.” “I need to see you.” “Why?” “I think you know why.” “Perhaps I do. But how am I to know our evening won’t take the same path as the last one?” “It won’t. I swear, it won’t. You said we have things to discuss and we do so we should discuss them but I need to see you.” “Do you always grovel like this?” “No. No one has ever put me in a position where I needed to but you have. Please. Don’t torture me like I know you can.” The conversation tapered off into what he could only assume was contemplative silence. His pleading stared up at him from the lit screen, almost jeering his forlornness; indeed, it was uncharted territory but circumstance dictated: He couldn’t afford to lose you now. When it appeared you had nothing more to say, he resigned himself to yet another night of wallowing. But ever the reader of a situation, you struck again when his mood hit its lowest. “Drop whatever it is you’re doing and come to me.” As if he needed encouragement. Scrambling to his feet, he stared dumbstruck and expectant for the final piece of the exchange. When it came, his dinner and his fire were abandoned in favour of a new sliver of information – Your address. The door was unlocked. He wasn't sure what possessed him to try it before knocking but it yielded results. The door swung open to reveal an ominously empty hallway with no guidance other than candles mounted on ornamental cast-iron holders secured along the wall. He crept past each one as if it might leap out at him but of course, none of them did so he followed the eerie glow until they brought him to another door. With a self-assuring glance behind, Armitage braved on and right into your clutches. You waited. Sprawled invitingly across your bed, propped up on your elbow in yet another set of Ann Summers (black and emerald; the Loki, you called it), you waited and when the front door handle clicked, you knew your patience had been rewarded. Eventually, he appeared; uncertain as he peered around the door like a child into its parent's room. His eyes almost watered to spy you in all your lingerie glory but you said nothing; you wanted the first uttered words to drop from his dry lips. With a surge of confidence, the door snapped shut and finality echoed in that swift bang. "Why didn't you do something?" The delayed question of reverence was murmured as if he was in a place of sanctity, a church or a tomb. Your head tilted and urged him silently to continue; he did as he was wordlessly bid. "You could have done anything to me. You could've killed me, raped me, had me arrested.... You didn't do any of those things. Why?" “And what was your plan?” You asked, oozing nonchalance as you sat up properly and crossed your legs to maximize the alluring image and his breath seemed to hitch. “Had you succeeded, what would you have done?” “The same, bar the latter.” He confessed, chancing a step forward into the dimly lit room and one closer to you. “Raped you. Killed you.” You surprised him with yet another inkling of your head, a quirk of your eyebrow and something dangerous lurking behind that smirk. “Is it rape if I can’t consent because of incapacitation?” You already knew the answer. “It would have been rape since I took your consent when I drugged you.” “Ah, but I drugged you . Did you learn anything from that experience?” He lapsed into careful quiet; clearly choosing his words in the way he sucked his bottom lip but refused to shift his gaze to anywhere but you. “I did discover something, yes.” Before you could ask for more, he crossed the room and sank to his knees in utter veneration at your feet with his eyes alight. “I discovered that you and I are one of the same; that we are cut from the same cloth and that is why I’ve hounded you for the past three days. Lying awake at night, unable to concentrate in theatre, staring at food as if I’ve forgotten what to do with it….” Hux stopped and indulged in a breath; allowing himself to become accustomed to the feeling of laying himself bare. That look was unwaveringly desperate but behind it, something smouldered and pleaded to be set free. “I am tired of hiding. I am weary from being someone, something that I’m not and I need you to release me.” What could you say to that? To truly be cruel would have been to reject him then and there where he splayed himself so helplessly but in truth? Your feelings mirrored his; you were just better at hiding it. “Come here.” You were heeded at once. His pilgrimage was short but no less sacred than to any holy site and the promise of salvation was the same. The press of unworthy lips to your bare thigh and the brief heighten of frightened eyes to yours was met with no resistance so he resumed his unrequited affection, still not entirely convinced that he wasn't dreaming. He stopped at your movement, fearing incompetent wrongdoing on his part but instead, he felt his stomach tighten and his mouth wetten when your hands went to your hips and began to shimmy the lace garment covering your modesty down your legs; his face lit up like he hadn't had a meal in years and was suddenly presented with a feast. “I told you to call me when you could stomach me.” You began softly as the garment came free and you leaned forward to stuff them into his breast pocket. “Let’s see if you can.” He took it as a personal challenge. With the barrier gone, he dove head first into the gap you'd opened in your legs with an almost pained groan of relief before submerging himself in the glorious heat. However, he surfaced a moment or so later, eyes glazed like a believer if they had witnessed the Second Coming. The smear across his lips and on his nose intruded his senses as he realized your obscene test; Call me if you can stomach me . "You're...." He seemed lost for anything else to say until you leaned in again to claim those trembling, crimson-stained lips; a gesture he returned wholeheartedly. If he had any doubts about you before, they had been abolished unlike the tang of iron on his tongue and the aroma lingering in his nostrils. He had finally found someone as criminally debauched as himself; someone so twisted that he'd given up hope of ever finding. And he wasn't letting you go now. Wrenching himself away, he returned to his task vigorously when your back hit the mattress with a thump and a villainously sweet giggle as he clambered up to maximize the contact. Desperate to please, you could feel the gaze longing for praise in the same way that you could feel his tongue slithering between your soaked folds. When you eventually caved and entangled a hand into those fiery strands, he became seized by such absolute passion that your leg was grabbed before being hauled over his shoulder with another animalistic snarl. Your legs quaked and your stomach bubbled at the wet heat as his whole mouth enveloped your sopping cunt; the smell of a slaughterhouse becoming more prominent as his fervour continued to the sounds of simultaneous effort and pleasure. "Good boy..." The praise was lapped up in the same way his saliva-coated muscle lapped at your clit, burrowed under your fleshy hood and dug deeper and deeper into your femininity. Writhing against his insistent grasp, he would ether die than relinquish you; at least until he was done. Or rather, until you were. If the rare steak and the surgical profession weren't proof enough that Hux wasn't squeamish, he was certainly proving it now as every ecstatic moan marked the willing ingestion of more blood. Chest rising and falling rapidly, you crawled closer and closer to your peak and Armitage seemed determined to drag you there; eager to show that keeping him would not be a mistake but you already knew that. Your vision directed to the mirror beside your bed; the full length of the four-doored wardrobe had been purposeful to watch your morbid escapades from a different angle. Your self-voyeurism displayed your own heaving form on your back, each arm gripping the opposite forearm, one leg bent and the other tossed carelessly over the shoulder of the imposing redhead; your reactions captivated you most though. The involuntary flickers of your eyelids when he stroked a certain spot, the demanding thrusting of your hips to force him in deeper and the shaking of your knees as your orgasm began to caress you not only fascinated you but seemed to spur your companion on too. You were convinced, at least, that he was worthy of your time, your attention and maybe even your affection but time would tell and for now, you would keep him guessing. Hux was adamant; the tenacious grip on your hip and leg and the unrelenting swipes of his tongue were greeted by pants, whimpers and mewls of utter delight, had you ever been this vocal? The dull ache of an incoming peak rocked its way through your body; sizzling every nerve and frying every thought that dared to try and enter your head. Mouth as dry as his was wet, face contorted in pure bliss, eyes shut tight and pussy aching; he wasn’t letting go until he heard you scream so you decided he had worked enough. And in that act of mercy, you let go. “Fuck…. Oh God…… Fuck!” As if afraid to look for fear of being scolded, you saw the peep from between your thighs and held his stare; the challenge alone making him work harder and harder with fervour as he watched you come undone before his very eyes. “Uhhh….. Ahhh…. Aggghhh!! Yes…. Yes…. Yes….!! ” Until eventually with one final convulse and random bucking of your hips, your entire body just gave way and handed itself over to pleasure. “FUCK YES!!” That erotic display caused him to ease to a ease his efforts to a stop and carefully crawl up where he found the bouquet of blood was replaced with the glorious fragrance of sweat. He stopped long enough for you to admire the thin film of your monthly plague coating the lower half of his face before he dropped to share it with you like any good partner would. You knew that zest, you’d had it before but never quite like this. Tongues warring, lips wrestling; the urge to pass as much of it back to the other as possible was palpable until he stopped and lay the soiled bridge of his nose against yours in a show of unmistakable relief and affection. “I’m going to give you ten seconds to get your breath back….. Then I’m going to fuck you into the mattress.” Notes: Please do review! xxx And Happy Birthday to Venusss!!! :D <3 Notes: Let me know what you think! Hope you enjoyed it! xxx I used a real menu, this is actually a real restaurant in London! Also for those who aren't British or Irish, Primark (or Penneys in Ireland) is a chain of very cheap clothing shops. Special thank you to Lazarus76, Artisanthemage and Venusss for all their support! Check out their work, they're amazing and mostly Hux x Reader fics too! The reader will be introduced in the second chapter, I just wanted to set this up first! The reader is not Jessika, she's far more sinister. I forgot to mention, I'm also on the Tumblr at HarrisHawkSuperiour. :) There's threesomes mentioned in the tags and I think you'll enjoy them when you see them for I'll be embracing some fan favourite ships and some more unusual ones!