Legacy Even from afar, there was something dangerous about him. The air felt thicker as if the molecules themselves crackled by the invisible force field he surrounded himself with. Dressing in all black, Kylo Ren was a large man. His tall frame loomed over the Stormtroopers that were standing beside him, guarding their crowned prince per say, but they all knew that he could easily defense himself. Standing erect with the mask covering his face, Kylo Ren stared out with the hood of his cape raised against the wind of the sandy planet of Jakku. Located on the remote system of the Western Reaches, the sandy planet was nothing but a spaceship graveyard. The Kingdom was naught but a small, poor nation ruled by an old royal family that was exiled by the previous Emperor. Despite his intimidating stature, no one knew what he really looked like beneath the mask saved from his parents and the current Emperor Snoke. Some said he was deformed, and some said he bored a massive scar across his face; whatever the reasons were, Kylo Ren was a man of mystery. The dark prince took a few step forward quietly almost as if he was floating atop of the golden landscape. His eyes scanned across the area, catching the sight of the palace at the far distant horizon. It was small, yet had endured through all the battles that have taken place decades back, leaving waste with the evidence of the Emperor’s interest on the barren planet. Kylo Ren didn’t care much of this planet. He was sent here to fetch his bride: the granddaughter of the old exiled King. He had never met her, but he had heard about the condition she was forced to live in on the harsh, sandy planet. With both of her parents died at such a young age, the princess was under the care of the Unkar Plutt, a greedy male Crolute whom he despised greatly. He wealth was from the underground arm dealing business, supplying the bandits and space pirates alike with illegal weapons and spices. Despite this knowledge, the new Emperor seemed to not care much about enforcing the rules much stricter. If only his grandfather was still alive, he would never have allowed this to happen. Darth Vader was a cruel and ambitious man, but for damn sure, he wouldn’t have allowed such criminal activities to operate so freely. Despite of his hatred toward the creature though, he had taken care of his betrothed as he had promised the Emperor that he would. After all, he knew it far better than anyone else of the consequences he must face if he even dares to touch a single strand of hair from the girl’s head. She was of the old blood and ancient royal family after all. They were the few of the families that were at the beginning of the rise of the legendary Force wielder warriors who call themselves the Jedi. Kylo’s grandfather was that of the original Jedi Knight himself. Through decades of civil wars though, it had caused them to perish, leaving only few to survive. Emperor would not allow the sole heiress to the Kenobi perish without having control of her power. Kylo Ren knew for sure that Snoke cared more about their bloodline than anything, or else he wouldn’t bared all these years to keep Kylo Ren on the leash… A Stormtrooper approached him suddenly, pulling his attention back from his thought. “Your highness. There is a message from Unkar Plutt,” he said as he handed it to the Prince. “Unkar Plutt, it is seemed that you are well-fed and happy as always,” he greeted the creature before him. The creature let out a nervous laugh, knowing well not to offense the prince. “And your highness seems as fierce as ever,” he commented in return, smiling with that ugly face of his. Kylo Ren decided to ignore that little comment and continued on with what he intended to speak about. “I assume you have gotten your men ready for my arrival. It would be quite rude of you if you keep me waiting out here longer, Unkar Plutt. Unlike the Emperor, I am not known for my patient.” “Of course, of course, your highness! Everything is ready for you and your men. The— “ “And my bride?” he cut in, voice deepened. “She is well taken care of, your highness. I— “ “I will see you this evening then.” The prince shut off the pad before the creature even got a chance to finish his sentence. The Prince handed it back to the Stormtrooper before he ordered his force to move out. They will arrive before the scorching sun set. ================ “Fucking Imperial scum,” Unkar Plutt cussed loudly, making Rey turned her attention toward him. She wanted to smirk, seeing how angry the creature looks when he was cut off by the Prince. “He seemed quite charming,” she chimed in, tone filled with sarcasm of which fueled Unka Plutt anger. “I wonder if he’s going to appreciate being called an Imperial Scum though…I’m sure he is thrilled to hear all about it from me.” “Shut it, girl, or I will shut that clever mouth of yours myself,” he huffed as he threw the Holopad onto the floor, causing it to shatter by the impact. “I would love to see you try, Unkar Plutt.” Rey glared up at the creature, knowing it well herself that he cannot lay a finger on her, especially not when her future husband was no longer than an hour away from meeting her. “You know damn well what would happen to you the moment you lay your filthy finger on me.” She had waited for a long time to make this threat a reality. After all the years of verbal abuse from him, the princess learned and grew to become a fierce young woman that even the Crolute himself wouldn’t dare to cross her. “And rest assure that I will watch my husband skins you alive, and I will enjoy every moment of it.” Rey allowed her piercing gaze to linger much longer, making the male Crolute let out a disgruntle huffed as he rushed out of the room. The servants that were working on her hair said nothing, but she could sense the small satisfied smile on their faces. “Do you know anything about Kylo Ren beside the fact that he kills a lot of people?” she asked one of the girl there who was fetching the dress for her. “That depends on what you would like to know, my lady. There are rumors everywhere about him, but most only spoken of his temper and what beneath the mask.” “He wears a mask?” Rey turned and looked at the girl then, feeling her heart dropped to the pit of her stomach. “Do you know why he wears a mask?” The girl shook her head and shrugged. “Sadly no, my lady. It’s all a mystery to me and everyone else. Some said that he had a deform face, much like Emperor’s, and some said he was much like his grandfather was; he needs the mask to survive.” This got Rey thinking of what to expect of her soon-to-be husband. Rumors may have been rumors, but there should be some truth to it as well. The only thing she knew about him was that he was the son of Han Solo and Leia Organa, the daughter of Emperor Skywalker, who casted her grandfather into exile. Aside from his family relation, she practically knew nothing about the man she was going to marry. What would she do if he was anything like the current Emperor? Runaway? It seemed to be the last option for her. The sudden realization itself made her aware of the consequences she has to face. She knew it well that the marriage was nothing more than Snoke’s scheme having control over both the Skywalker and the Kenobi. If both produce an heir with both family’s blood flowing in its vein, the power that the child hold in its hand would be be beyond anyone in the whole galaxy. Snoke wanted a powerful heir for a reason, and whatever the cause was, Rey had a bad feeling about it. “Do you think he’s going to love me?” The question felt foreign on her lips. Her whole life she had never really experienced anything much that resembled love and warmth, let alone understand the emotion. Was it nothing the feeling of want by your significant others? Or was it pure physical? She had read many archives about the topic in the past, but none had explained what love was other than a chemical reaction that happened in one’s brain. Rey longed for that, and she was scared that her soon-to-be husband won’t be able to understand that. “He will love you, my lady. Who wouldn’t love you? You are brave, strong, intelligent, and beautiful. He would be blind if he doesn’t see that.” But what if he is not capable of love, what then... A knock on the door startled her, turning her attention away from her thought as a guard stepped inside. “Unkar Plutt requires your presence, my lady.” Rey looked at the servant girl and swallowed nervously. Kylo Ren must have arrived, she realized. The servant girls rushed to change Rey out of her current gown and put her in a new, more lavish dress that Unkar Plutt had spent his filthy credits on. After the servant girls were done with their tasks, Rey took a deep breath and looked herself once more before they headed out. The girl who was standing in front of her wasn’t her, she realized. Her brown hair was braided with strings of gold intertwined with the strands and wrapped around her head. Her brows darkened, lips painted blushed red as if they were just bitten. Her usual tan and freckled skin was now radiance from hours of scrubbing and buffing. Rey was obviously not herself. The long, lavender dress made her appear softer and enhancing slight curve. It wasn’t really her, but a version of Unkar Plutt had invented for her just to please the Imperial Prince and the Emperor like a dog he was. She hated it. Taking a deep breath, Rey picked up her dress and took careful steps out of her chamber. Looking as regal as she was, Rey silently pray to her grandfather, hoping that he could help her somehow. Chapter 2 : First Impression Summary: Kylo Ren finally meet his bride, but thing didn't go so well. “Ah, your Imperial Highness! It is an honor to have you here,” Unkar Plutt bowed low before the dark Prince as he arrived at the gate of the palace. The Prince only gave him an acknowledge nod before he scanned the area once more, looking for any rebel that may have hided out in hope of assassinating him. He wasn’t stupid. He knew how much the Rebels wanted him. If only they hire any one that can actually complete their job… “Unkar Plutt,” he said as he crossed into the threshold, hand behind his back, revealing the cross guard lightsaber that was tucked at his belt. The male Crolute eyes quickly shifted toward the weapon before he looked back up at the Prince. “Your Highness, I assume your trip here has been nothing but ease,” he said nervously. “I do hope no one has bothered you with…pesky business.” “Of course. It seemed too good to be true to not found a single trace of any bounty hunters, or any Rebel sympathizers around here. I assume you have taken care of them well,” he stopped suddenly and gazed at the creature beside him. “Yes, yes, your highness. I have used any necessary mean to drive them out. I dare say that no one will bother you tonight when you are going to meet your bride. After all, your safety and well-being is my main concern, your highness. Rest assure that everything is going smoothly according to plan,” The Crolute said smugly as he watched the prince crossed the room. Kylo Ren walked around, checking at the decoration around the hall just so he could see what needed to be done. To his surprise, the decoration was too plain and mundane for his taste. “A bit…underwhelm, don’t you think?” Kylo Ren turned to face Unkar Plutt, making the make more nervous than he should be. “I thought you are a man of status. Surely a man of your wealth are able to provide more for the sole heiress to your planet, Unkar Plutt.” The Crolute stuttered. “I-I-I didn’t mean to offend you, your highness. I just thought that the we hold off the decoration for a bit before the big day tomorrow.” He turned and watched the creature momentarily. “Is this what you have intended?” “Never doubt me, your highness. Everything will be done by tomorrow, I assure you.I just didn’t want to give you away too much. I-I wanted it to be a surprise for both of you.” Kylo Ren wanted to rolled his eyes, but his attention shifted as he heard soft foot steps approaching them. Rey walked slowly down the stairs, trying not to step on her long dress. The large man that was standing near the Crolute made her breath caught in her throat as she slowly descended down the marble steps. Her heart beat quickened, her hands turned cold as she saw he too had noticed her. He wasn’t just looking. He was staring her, making her feel as though she was bare in from of him. She sensed it beneath that mask, and that thought caused the young princess to blush, adding the warm hue to her freckles cheeks. Rey could do nothing except to squared her shoulders and straightening her posture as she approached the two males, making herself appear calmer. She wouldn’t crumble in front of them. Not today. “Ah! May I present you the princess of Jakku, your highness!” Unkar Plutt announced proudly, causing both party to withdrew their gaze from one another. “Princess Rey Kenobi, your imperial highness.” Rey tried to smile at the masked Prince, but felt that she was unable to. There was coldness about him that chilled her to her bones whenever she gazed upon that mask. She wasn’t afraid of him, not entirely. Rey wouldn’t admit it either if she does. It was just something about Kylo Ren that made her uneasy. “It is my honor to finally meet you, my lady.” He said through the voice distortion, making his tone even more chilling than his presence alone. “And I to you as well,” she replied with a hand over her chest as she gave a slight bow. Both party stared at one another for a long moment, allowing their gaze to linger there a while longer. Kylo Ren was the first to turned away. “I would like to speak with the princess more if you don’t mind.” It was hard to not react to his statement. Rey’s eyes quickly looked at Unkar Plutt as he easily agreed upon it. The fact that she still had no say it it making it all worst. Kylo Ren extended his gloved hand for her to take. Rey stared at it for a moment, and she knew he knows about her hesitation as well. “There’s no need to be afraid. I am not going to hurt you,” he said softly so she was the only one that can hear him. She said nothing, but she accepted his hand anyway. Before she knew it, Kylo and her was walking together in the palace only garden, her hand in his. He was a head taller than her, and his attire he adorned that particular evening only made him appear larger. The blackness of his attire made him look intimidating thought she thought it wasn’t that suitable for Jakku blazing sun. She was wondering if he was even hot in there. The palace was cold from the materials it was built from, but no matter how much cool air their shelter can keep, she couldn’t imagine him being that comfortable in his attire. If only she could see his face. What was his expression like when he first met her? Was his surprised, or was he indifference about their meeting? Questions after questions popped in her head whenever she gazed upon him. For a man that shrouded in his much of mystery, Kylo Ren seemed to allowed himself with much freedom at how he does thing. He knew his power and he knew to get things his way especially his abused of power against Unkar Plutt. Rey was happy at least knowing that her soon-to-be-husband shared the same dislike as her toward the male Crolute, but aside from that, they were nothing alike. Or so she thought. He was her ticket to her freedom, but she won’t allow him to intimidate her in away. She wasn’t born to be afraid of anyone. She was a proud Kenobi, and she will own up to that name. “You know I wasn’t worried about you hurting me,” Rey started first after a long moment of silent between the two of them. “I just wasn’t sure about you.” Kylo’s head shifted slightly as he tried to look at his bride. “And what part of me you aren’t sure about?” His question sounded more like a challenge then a simple curiosity. “Everything,” she answered back quickly, eyes looked ahead, aware of the prince’s gaze. “Why is that?” “You’re a Skywalker for a starter. I don’t trust you.” “Technically, I am a Solo, but I understand where you are going with this.” Rey stopped then, causing the prince to stopped at his track as well. “You could have refused this marriage, but you didn’t. Why?” The dark prince paused as if he was contemplating, but Rey wasn’t sure. With that stupid mask on, she cannot read anything. She was slowly becoming more frustrating. “Curiosity.” His answered surprised her, and her face said it all. Kylo Ren began to wonder if she would be the type to wear her heart on her sleeves… “What are you curious about?” she asked. “About you,” he answered softly. The mask did nothing but shield his tone away from her. For all she knew, he could have been sarcastic about it. “But You don’t know me,” she stared up at the hideous mask he adorned. “Precisely. I don’t know you, and you don’t know me. That is more for me to want to know you better, princess.” “But I’ve heard of you. You’re the Emperor’s pet. Everyone knows who you are, Kylo Ren. You are quite hard to be missed with that mask on. You look more like a monster than a man.” “We all have our own reputations, princess. It is just whom of which our reputation perceived better. As for my mask, I just think you dislike looking at it. “You are right. I don’t like looking at it. The fact that you don’t need it made it all seem like a show to me,” she replied as she proceeded to walk without him. Kylo Ren seemed to catch up just fine with his large stride. “You can pretend all you want, but as far as I know you just wanted to intimidate people.” “How do you know I don’t need it? Maybe I need it for breathing, or perhaps for better eyesight.” Rey rolled her eyes at this. “I don’t recall hearing anything about you falling into a pit of lava like you grandfather did, your imperial highness. Surely you’re doing fine without it.” Ren sighed mentally. The Kenobi was still bitter about the whole exile thing after all. “Think of it however you like, but this won’t come off any time soon.” “Even when you have to bed me?” Rey looked at him unamused, arms crossed over her chest as she waited for his answer. “I’ll let you know that I’d be damn if I ever let you touch me without seeing your face first.” The prince stared at her as she crossed her arms over her chest, which caused the sleeve of her dress to fall off her shoulder a bit. She looked at him unnerved and defiance. This made him smirk. It was as amusing sight. “We’ll see.” He said before he took her hand and placed it on his forearm once more as they headed back inside. “It is the mystery that made this all better, don’t you think? The anticipation is what keep this fun.” Rey glared up to him. “Say you who have a mask on. Don’t you think it’s a bit unfair if I married a man that may have been deformed?” “Seeing that my father was Han Solo, I highly doubt it.” Rey huffed at his answer. “Just because your father was Han Solo, it doesn’t mean a damn thing. For all I know you could have crooked, and bucked teeth.” Kylo Ren wanted to laugh at this. “Have you any idea how absolutely ridiculous you sounded?” “You’re wearing a mask, I’m sure there’s nothing more ridiculous than that.” He wanted to shake his head, but it seemed like it would give her more pleasure of admitting that she was right than to simply leave it at bay. “Only tomorrow you will know for sure, princess. I am quite exhausted from my travel, so I shall bid you good night.” He said as he gave her slight bow to her before he slowly retreated toward the east side of the hall. Rey stood there and watch him as he left to go to the quarter that Unkar Plutt had set up for him with much fury in her blood. His presence in general infuriated her, and she wondered if this marriage was ever going to work. Chapter 3 : Little Secret Summary: Rey was came across a mysterious man. He seemed to be a pleasant company, but who is he really? Notes: Thank you again for taking your time out to read this fic. As usual, I am very happy see the comments and suggestion. You all have been nothing but the best, so thank you again for checking this fic out and support it. And once again, I apologize if i made any mistake. This chapter has been a weird experience to write. Later that night Rey couldn’t think straight. She was still thinking about their exchange earlier. Kylo Ren had left a weird impression on her. The princess sat silently at the large table poking at her food as the servants were setting up drinks and dessert for her; as usual, she would be dining alone. Kylo Ren decided it wasn’t in his best interest to dine with his future bride for some odd reason. She didn’t understand why, but she couldn’t ask either. He seemed to barred his quarter off from anyone outside of his assigned troops. She thought it was because he doesn’t want her to see his true face, which she found it to be ridiculous and rude of him. If this was how he is going to treat her, she felt uneasy of what he was going to do when they are to become man and wife. Would he simply left her all by herself once they settle in Coruscant or would he just going to leave her in their quarter and never talk to her again? Rey sighed heavily, causing the servant to stop what they were doing momentarily and looked her way. “My lady, are you feeling well?” one of them asked as she poured her a glass of water. “I’m fine. Sorry, I’m just a bit tired that’s all.” She smiled sheepishly up to the other girl before she went back to poking food on her plate. The truth was she is not feeling well. She was feeling nauseating at the thought of walking down the aisle and marrying the Imperial prince tomorrow. The thought of being freed from Unkar Plutt’s care didn’t outweigh the thought of being Kylo Ren’s wife. To her, it still felt like she is going to be trapped within the confinement of the Imperial palace all over again. It just wasn’t fair, she thought bitterly. Rey excused herself to go outside for a walk. It was only fitting for her to be by herself when her betrothed didn’t bother to come look for her in one bit. The night air on Jakku would at least helped ease her uneasy mind a bit if not all of it. It won’t change the fact that they were going to get married, but at least she could take her mind off of the matter for now. Rey walked along the garden path which lead to the small water fountain. It was considered to be a luxury on Jakku. Water was sacred and precious on the dry planet after all. To put it on display was a way Unkar Plutt showed the people the wealth he possessed, but it only applied to him. Rey was only a royal by her blood. In comparison to the Crolute, she was nothing but an orphan girl of whom burden was far greater than anyone else. She was only wanted because she was a Kenobi. If she was born of to some other unimportant person, she wouldn’t have been caught up in this mess. Tears began to well in her eyes as her thought became too overwhelmed for her. She didn’t want the marriage to happen. Kylo Ren wouldn’t love her, nor will she ever loved him. He was a foul man, cruel even. He didn’t care about her. If he cared at all, he would have called off the wedding, but he obviously wanted to please the Emperor while she was only the final pieces to Snoke having a better control over the galaxy and nothing more. Once he achieved this goal, he would simply discard her. Rey sat solemnly by the fountain, looking at her own reflection beneath the moonlight. It was dimmed in comparison to the light inside the palace, but she could see how red her eyes and nose were. She felt so vulnerable when her fate was nothing more than a political pawn. She wouldn’t dare to cry in front of the prince, no. He would probably think of her less: weakling most likely. For a man of his status, he wouldn’t want a weak wife to be by his side, and Rey wasn’t someone to be step on as well. She had learned to fight. She taught herself to shoot blasters and wield a staff. She couldn’t fight well for someone without a proper training. She could have held her ground if needed. She wouldn’t need him. The princess quickly wiped her face when she heard soft approaching foot steps. Looking up she saw a man with hair as dark as the sky watching her. He was wearing a dark color slacks like most of the people that work in the palace, yet she had never seen him before. His sharp angular face was strangely handsome, but perhaps it was the first time she saw a human male this close. “How long have been standing there?” she got up to her feet. Rey’s eyes flashed when he slowly approached her. His full lips pulled into an amuse smile as he slowly walking her way, his eyes didn’t leave her. Rey felt herself getting nervous when she finally saw how much bigger the man was. “I just arrived here not far too long ago, my lady.” His deep baritone voice was as smooth as velvet, slithering across her skin, causing her shiver to her bones. Rey had never heard such a captivated voice like his before. It was almost soothing to hear him talk. The words came out of his mouth seemed to made her hair stood on its end. “I apologize if I startle you.” He said softly, causing a shiver in her. “You’re fine. This garden is free for everyone to go about,” she said as she dusted herself off. “You look quite upset, so I wasn’t sure whether I should intrude or not,” he pointed out as he crossed his arms over his chest. Rey couldn’t help but looked his way. It was hard to miss the way the muscles of his arms fit so perfectly against the cotton of his tunic. “Was it that obvious?” she smiled sheepishly up to him, causing the man to smile in return. Rey relaxed a bit. “I was just having a moment, I supposed. I’m sorry if I made you feel weird about it.” “No. I just didn’t expect to...meet you here. Is something upset you?” he asked, looking almost too curious. “In case you didn’t you, I am going to marry Kylo Ren tomorrow. Do I need to explain myself further?” “Is it as bad as you think?” His dark brows rose a bit, causing the creases on his forehead to form. “Have you not heard of Kylo Ren before?” she looked at him almost surprise. “Well, he is my prince and my commander, I can’t say that I know him beyond that.” Rey was taken a back that she couldn’t response as quickly as she could. He must have been an Imperial officer of some sort then. She didn’t realize Kylo Ren brought along any officers with him. She thought it was only the stormtroopers who accompanied him for this trip. The princess face turned deep shade of red at this, causing the man before her to chuckled softly. “I won’t tell him, I promised.” The man moved to sit at the edge of the fountain so they could see better under the dim light. Even then, she still found the man in front of her breath taking. “But tell me, what makes you so upset?” “Promise me, you won’t say a word to him first.” The man nodded before she continued. “I just feel like I am trap…In a sense that I am going to be his wife, I guess. The fact that he doesn’t seem to be concern over me, just made me uneasy,” she shrugged and watched for his reaction. Nothing. “He didn’t bother to join me me for dinner earlier, and I felt like he just doesn’t care at all...I don’t even understand why I am so bothered by it. I want to not care, but at the same time he’s is going to be my husband by tomorrow. I just—” Rey let out a loud frustration huff, unable to finished her sentence. “I just wish it’s with someone else that at least allow me to know him better.” “Well, speaking on his behalf, have you not consider that he may have to get call from the Emperor?” Rey looked at the man beside her, but she shook her head. “Emperpr Snoke acquired his presence earlier, so he couldn’t make time for you, my lady. I am sure he didn’t mean to upset you by any mean.” Rey still shook her head. “He just doesn’t seem like the wedding would affect him at all, while I feel like I am being sold off to him.” The man stayed silent as he tried to come up with better words to comfort her. “I’m sorry that I whine about this. I’m sure you have other thing to worry about since you work under Kylo Ren and all…” “No, no, it’s fine. I just didn’t realize you were this upset by it. I thought you would be glad to be away from this planet and Unkar Plutt.” “I am,” she sighed. “I am just...scared of him. It is so easy for him to abandon me on Coruscant, you know. He could just bed me and leave me then…I am afraid that I will be nothing more than his bed slave…” The man made a disapproving face. “Well…” he started. “I cannot speak on his behalf on this, but knowing my commander as long as I have, he is definitely not the type to forsake what he had started. Give me a chance, princess. He may appear difficult, but he may have a soft spot for you.” The imperial officer flashed her a small smile, which caused her to blush lightly. “Have some faith in him, would ya. He is not some kind of a monster you made him out to be.” “Thank you for talking to me. I didn’t even catch your name.” The dark hair man got up and took her hand in his. “You can just call me Ben, my lady,” he smiled before placing a gentle kiss upon her knuckle. “It is a pleasure speaking with you after all, and I am glad I can make you feel somewhat better. I wish you the best of luck tomorrow,” he said as he offered her a bow. “And remember, trust in him.” With that he returned to his quarter where his prince stayed at. Rey was left there a bit speechless at the moment, unable to think of what had just transpired between them. Part of her was intrigued by the mysterious man she had just met, and part of her felt uneasy knowing that the man knows too many things about her. What if he uses this bit of information to ruin her? What then? She had been told not to trust anyone from the Imperial ranks before, so she wasn’t sure if she was free to believe him or not. Rey decided to head back to her chamber. It was late and tomorrow was going to be an eventful after all. ===== He was careful when he made his way back to the sleeping quarter. He made sure that no one saw him in or out of the room despite their best effort in keeping watch. Kylo Ren often wondered about the hall even during his time on Coruscant. No one had suspected him, at least not when they didn’t know what lies beneath the mask he had adorn for all these years. The change of his outfit made it easier to wonder around the palace without getting much notice. For all they cared, he could be one of the servants. He grew to enjoy the game, but what he hadn’t expect was when he came across the crying princess earlier. He remembered well the expression she bored, and the somber tone in her voice when she discussed their marriage. He didn’t realize not joining her for dinner would upset her this much either. He thought she hated him, but the revelation about her being afraid of being abandoned by him left a bitter taste in his mouth. She looked almost childlike and so vulnerable that he stirred something inside him that he had felt before. Emotion was deemed as weakness, yet to see someone with familiar emotion such as this, it had triggered a reaction he had never expected from deep within him. Kylo Ren huffed as he changed back into his usual outfit. He stood silently in from of the large mirror, staring at himself and wondered about how the princess could have seen at the moment. He was Ben when they spoke. He remembered the way she blushed so beautifully and naturally that he made him envied his older self. With him being Kylo Ren, he could never have seen such a response from her. She said it herself that she didn’t want any of this. Being with him would have ruined her as well. He was to studied under the guidance of a Sith, sooner or later his wife would have accepted him as he is. The dark prince huffed and hurled the cotton tunic across the floor before he changed and went to sit silent on the chair. In his normal routine he would have slept, but he was too exhausted to relax. Only meditation would keep his mind at ease till the sun rose for the big day. Chapter 4 : The Wedding Summary: Rey and Kylo Ren big day. Notes: As always, thank you for checking my fics out. I know it needs a lot of work, so please feel free to leave comment. It is always welcome! Rey didn’t sleep well that night. There were too many activities going on. Everyone in the palaces had been in a constant move to set up the decoration for the wedding. Unkar Plutt’s voice could be heard across the massive halls, displeased by what appeared to be a changed in the sitting arrangement. Rey rubbed absently at her hands as she stared out at the window that overlooking the open halls. The servant girls were too busy fussing around each other to notice their princess silent distress. Her eyes began to well up again when she thinks about the what comes after the wedding. Her protest of the nuptial would do nothing but earned punishment from Unkar Plutt. He always starved her whenever he was displeased with her action. Sometimes she went days without food or water just because she broke one of his thugs’ nose. She wanted to be freed from this cage. She wasn’t an object to be passed around with, but who could she possibly confide in when even her soon-to-be-husband didn’t bother to talk to her. And so she remained trapped in her silence, staring at her own reflection as she waited for the inevitable. One of the girl approached her, gently placed a large, Onyx pendant around her neck. She looked at the girl in surprised. “A gift from your husband,” she smiled at Rey. The princess was flabbergasted at the gift. The stone itself was as big as her thump. It felt far too heavy on her neck: the stone was solid and thick in cut, much like the patron that commissioned this gift. The black sheen which gleamed beneath the soft early light of Jakku sun, giving it much radiance for something that looked much like the darkest of night. A Thin, golden, serpentine band wrapped around the stone securely, it’s body decorated with small white crystals, glimmering beneath the light in contrast to the large, black stone. Strange like her betroth was, it was beautiful in the most unexpected way. She had never thought that something that could look so strange could be this beautiful before, but again it was the first time anyone had given her a gift of such magnitude. “I will remember to thanks him later,” she murmured softly as she reached out to touch the stone. Rey glanced back out again as she caught sight of the stormtroopers that began to pour into the halls. It didn’t look much like a wedding party. It looked like an impending prelude to a war. The princess shivered slightly as she hunched over, hoping that the men below won’t see her. But at the corner of her eyes though, she caught sight of Kylo Ren, adorning in nothing but black. It was as if Kylo Ren had read her mind, he looked right at her direction, locking eyes with her for a long moment till Unkar Plutt came in to talked to him. Rey let out a sigh of relieve then as she slumped against the chair. She had no idea why she would dare to have a staring contest with him. What use could it be, really when he already won the game. He was there to take her away, away from this prison and into another one. There was time when she dreamed of getting out of Unkar Plutt, but it had never occurred to her that it was going to be this way. All hope and excitement evaporated when she found out she was Kylo Ren’s bride. The man was barbaric, and cruel. How could he possibly provide the warmth and love she longed for? Rey reached up to touch the pendent again, thinking that perhaps her husband may not be as bad as she may think of him to be. Have some faith in him, would ya. He is not some kind of a monster you made him out to be, Ben’s voice resonated in her mind. What faith could she possibly have. The Force had screwed her over with this marriage, there was not an ounce of hope he had left that could make her change her mind. ==== Kylo Ren sucked in his breath silently as he caught the first glimpse of his bride as she slowly descended down that same marble stairs from yesterday. It was different though the way she presented herself now. She was adorned in a gown that was finer than anything he had seen among anyone in the senate. The dress was white in color. While the bottom of the dress was modest, the high slit of the dress was anything but that. Kylo Ren could clearly see the delicious skin of her leg despite her best effort to not show it. The top portion of the gown was anything but modest. In contrast to the white silk of the skirt, the intricately sewn lace flowed down the swell of breasts so perfectly, cascading down the garment like waterfall where the lace and silk met at the waist. Gleamed of silvery strings shone brilliantly when it caught beneath the sunlight. The top portion was nearly sheer, saved from the flesh color cloth that cleverly covered over her breasts for modesty. The pendent that he gave to her only drew his eyes in further. Kylo Ren felt almost guilty for staring and gawking over his bride. Her brown hair, a beautiful golden brown color of the Jakku sand, was pulled back in a tight bun. Atop of her laid a soft, sheer veil with the same lace patterns and silvery gleamed of her dress, flowed softly down the back, hiding the dangerously low plunging back of her dress. She was beautiful, but there was something off about her as well. That gleamed in her eyes were replaced with that of a grim expression. Her eyes devoid of the light he had long to look at; it was almost vacant. She looked tired, and defeated…scared even. Anger boiled within him, and he had no idea why he would felt this way when he was the one that caused all this. A beautiful desert flower, shine beautifully beneath the Jakku sun, had to be meddled with the darkness that surely lead her to her ruin. Kylo Ren slowly offering her his glove-cladded hand when she was now in front of him. A small, little thing she was. His palm swallowed hers in so easily when she accepted it. He could feel the tremor of the Force around her, vibrating softly. It was almost like a hum. Her words from the previous night echoed in his head. She had reasons to be terrified of him. They barely knew each other and the fact that he kept ignoring her made her assumed that he didn’t want any of it. While half of her assumptions were true, he could never be cruel to her like that. Abandoning her was far from what his intention was. While there would be occasion that Snoke would send him off into a mission, he would not lock her up like prisoner. She was freed to roamed about the palace as she wishes and does things as she wishes. Kylo Ren gazed swept over her once more before they turned to face Unkar Plutt; her hand on his arms, while the Crolute proceeded with the ceremony. They were now facing each other as the vow were recited. Rey gazed up to him, scanning the mask so carefully and curiously that she forgot to say her own vow. She wondered how he was going to kiss her after this was over. He didn’t, of course. Instead, he turned and announced of their union to his men, causing a massive cheer from them. If only she could react the same way. There was no joy, nor was there any festive spirit within her. Kylo Ren tugged at her hand, drawing her attention his way. Rey almost panic then that she was almost slipped as she made way into the reception, but her husband’s grip was strong. He caught her just in time. She was almost thankful that she didn’t make a fool out of herself. “Easy there,” he spoke softly through the vocalizer. Rey couldn’t react, she simply stared at him. “Are you feeling well?” She nodded, only she held onto him stronger with her trembling hands. Kylo Ren didn’t question his wife further. He could sense the trembled from her. She did well to hide that fact, but not from him. As soon as they were at the table, he urged her to drink more water. Rey couldn’t help but stare at him like had said something stupid, but she did drink the water he offered, and ate silently as the festivity began. “You looked beautiful today, wife. The necklace suits you perfectly.” he started the conversation, hoping that he could draw that spark out from her. Rey only reply with a sad smile that made his heart hurts a bit. Kylo Ren proceeded to take her hand and placed it over his chest. “Rey, tell me what you are thinking.” She then withdrew her hand from his grasp and looked down at her laps. She began rubbing her hand together again till her palm turned red. “What does it matter now anyway? I am to leave here by tomorrow, aren’t I?” Her voice was weak, soft and strained from trying not to cry. “There is a changed in the plan. The Rebels has now known of our marriage. I wouldn’t be surprised if they send in their force to strike us by tomorrow. The Emperor had ordered us to returned immediately right after out wedding, so I was thinking that tonight would be best.” Rey still not looking at him. Kylo Ren sighed silently and took her by the chin, forcing her too look at him. “Silent won’t solve anything, you know. I cannot read your mind, so at leas tell me what is bothering you.” The princess bit her lips. “It’s hard to know of whether what you are saying is true when I can’t see your face at all.” Rey chewed at her inner cheeks as she waited for his replied. Nothing. “All I ever wanted from you was see what you look like, and I can’t even get that one, small satisfaction from you…” “You will see it eventually, wife. All I ask is your patient. Once we arrived on Coruscant, I promise you I will give you what you wanted.” Rey gripped his arms then. Despite how small she was, her grip was firm. “How would I know you won’t break the promise?” Kylo Ren took her hand and gently held it in his larger one. “We still have to consummate our marriage, my dear. I wouldn’t miss it for the world to see you with my own eyes.” Rey’s face turned bright red at this. She had completely forgotten all about the consummation when she was too busy soaking in her own misery. Now that her husband had mentioned it, she suddenly felt shy around him. Kylo Ren wanted to chuckled from her reaction alone, but it would only make his men stared at him further. “Now that I have promise you to reveal my face, I want you to promise me in return.” “What is it?” she asked, her brown eyes gazed up to meet his mask. “Promise you won’t be mad when you see me.” “Why would I be mad when I don’t even know what you look like?” “Just promise me, my princess. Promise me you will accept me as I am.” Rey stared at him for a moment before she nodded. “I already am your wife, I have to accept you no matter what you like anyway, Kylo Ren, but yes, I won’t get mad at you when I see your real face. Are you happy now?” “Ecstatic,” he replied coyly, which caused his wife to rolled her eyes. But Ren proceeded to stroke her back. His leather gloved hand made Rey shiver to her very bone. She gave him a quick glanced as she bit her lips. “For a man as scary as you, you sure have a gentle touch,Kylo Ren.” she said softly followed by what appeared to be a genuine smile. “Only for you, princess. Only for you.” Chapter 5 : Force Manifestation Summary: Rey found herself alone on the Finalizer. Kylo Ren left her suddenly while they were in the middle of their marriage reception that she wondered what was so urgent about it. She also got a surprise visit of a certain someone, and she realized she doesn't like him at all. Notes: I am so sorry for taking so long. Life kicked my butt as of late, so I am unable to write anything. But Ch. 5 is finally here, and I hope you enjoy it. I certainly like writing this one. As always, I love to hear more about you all. Comments are always appreciated. Rey once again found herself alone on the Star Destroyer Finalizer . The massive ship was far from anything she had ever witnessed in her entire life on Jakku. As grandeur as the vessel was though, Rey felt alone and abandon as she had feared. The princess shifted uncomfortably in her seat as she waited silently in her assigned compound. By the look of it, it was far too neat to be her husband’s own quarter seeing there wasn’t an ounce of black color decorating any surfaces, saved for the simple leather chair. It was simple and modest enough to accommodate her on the journey back to the capital, and she wouldn’t ask for anything more. A soft disappointing sigh escaped her lips as she rested her head on her hand, scrolling through the Holopad that was given to her. She wasn’t much of the type to watch anything, nor was she in the mood to read. Her mind was on Kylo Ren still. He urgently left her during their marriage reception with no good bye, and it made her uneasy. For a man as mysterious as her husband was, that sort of mystery made her nervous. She wouldn’t agree with most of the things he had done, but all she ever ask was to keep her in the loop. It just didn’t make sense to her. She also felt hurt and humiliated. To have a husband walked out of their own wedding was like a slap to the face. Boarding the massive ship was one thing, but to be ordered to stay in such an enclosure was another. Rey wanted the freedom of roaming around the ship, exploring the corridor to wherever it may lead her, but she couldn’t. Her husband specifically ordered her to be watched by the stormtroopers, who weren’t much of a company to begin with. Rey let out a heavy sighed as she shifted again in her seat. She wanted to do something that would kept her from thinking about him. For a man with hundreds of stories of him being a murderer, Kylo Ren had a soft touch. Rey could still feel his hand slowly stroke her back as they conversed silently to themselves. It felt almost soothing to know he was capable of such a gentle gesture, but now she felt annoyed, and aggravated to be left here. Rey groaned loudly, causing the stormtroopers to shift from their stance. Good, at least she knew they were getting annoyed by her. The door suddenly opened. Rey perched up from her seat, hoping it was Kylo Ren, but her hope faltered. Stepping inside the room was a tall man dressed in the Imperial officer uniform. He seemed so mundane, saved from his bright red hair. His face emotionless as other officers she had came across. The man was taller than her, but he couldn’t possibly be taller than Kylo Ren. Even his built was slight in comparison to the Prince. Rey watched him with much of her curiosity as he watched her with his own. “Princess Kenobi, is it?” he started, both of his hand behind his back as his gazed swept over her. Rey didn’t shy away from his gaze like Kylo though. It felt less intruding in away that she couldn’t explain it. Despite his mask, Kylo Ren managed to make here feel naked and vulnerable, while this man…He simply studied her. “And you are?” “Apology, your highness. I keep forgetting that not anyone knows who I am. General Hux, at your service,” he said with a slight nod of acknowledgement. “A pleasure to finally meet you. I heard so much about you and your…lineage. Truly, you are a…slight to behold.” Rey highly doubt he meant it when he said it was a pleasure to meet her. His tone was nothing short of mockery toward her. If he thought she was some damsel in distress, he was wrong. Rey squared her shoulder then. “A pleasure would be mine, General. I didn’t expect you to visit me at such time consider the fact that my husband is not presence here yet. Oh I completely forgot. He had some sort of business to attend to that I don’t know of. Perhaps you may know something about it.” Hux’s expression seemed to hardened minutely, but Rey could be wrong about it. Hux forced a smile at her. “For shame really, but you probably realize that I am a busy man. Unlike your husband, who is running around doing the Emperor’s bidding, I have armies to command and plans to execute. I hate to break it to you, but I don’t babysit him. But I am sure you should be proud of him. He does the empire a great service.” You mean slaughtered the innocents, Rey thought. “He takes pride in his tasks, I suppose. And what about yourself? I have not heard about you serving on the front line my husband does. I assumed being the General must be so busy giving pep talk to your armies all the time. Do you get tired of hearing your own voice, or do you just tuned it out?” The little glint in his eyes told her he heard her loud and cleared. The princess wanted to laugh at that. “Giving my armies the morale they need is my responsibility, princess. I do not speak of lies when I said we are going to squash the Resistance. Why do you think to this day, the Resistance has yet to successfully rebel against the First Order Empire? It’s because I have made the effort to put them in place. It is my armies under my command that make it happens. Your husband is nothing but a valuable asset to achieve our ends.” Rey could feel her face burned from rage, and Hux noticed it. The general smirked proudly once realized he had draw out the reaction he wanted from her. Taking a deep breath, Rey counted to ten before she spoke again, but General Hux cut her off. “And I am sure, you are soon to join him as well. After all you are a Kenobi. Your grandfather and your husband’s grandfather fought in the Clone wars together, weren’t they? As I recalled they were both the general to the Clone armies? Yes, I am sure you will eventually become the weapon of the Emperor as well, Lady Kenobi. As soon as you can use the Force. What good would you be to us if you can’t…Oh wait, I remember, you haven’t the slightest idea how to even have it yet. Better find ways to have it quickly. The Emperor only need those who can serve.” Rey glared darkened. Her gazed would have set the man on fire if they could. Anger bubbling inside her. “Must I remind you, princess?” He looked down at her with a condescending grin that Rey wanted to punch it right off of his face. “You are nothing but a tool for us. And we are going to use you. One way or another.” he said as he reached to touch the strand of her hair. Rey waited. Muscles locked as her hand balled into a tight fist. She would not allow this man to touch a single hair on her head. A rude man like him did not even deserve to stand in her presence. As she braced for the touch, a choke sound escaped from his lips. His hand froze where he almost could touch her hair. His body went rigid as though he was control by something. Tears began to formed at his eyes as his face slowly turned into pale color. His eyes shifted toward the door. Rey followed his gaze, and she felt herself feeling almost relieved. The tall familiar figure had his palm out facing in the direction of General Hux, fingers slowly curls, mimicking the manifestation and manipulation of the Force he harbored literally at his fingertips. Rey could feel rage and anger flared out from the behind the mask. The dark energy blasted her like hot hair. Rey’s eyes flashed back to the General, whose face was slowly turning blue. Panic began to set into her system as she realized he was going to kill the man. Sure, Hux was unpleasant, but his words weren’t a crime that had to be punish by death. Rey turned and reached out to him. “Kylo, let him go,” she called to him. No reaction. “Kylo…” She said warningly. Fears crept up inside of her and she was afraid for the man, whom she barely knew. Rey locked gazed with him, jaws locked tight. She knew he was looking at her. There wasn’t an ounce of doubt in it. She also knew he have heard her pleading, but he chose to ignore it. Rey tried hard to push her thought toward him, pushing into something invisible, yet visible at the time till she felt herself slowly using this invisible entity to pushed Kylo back. At first it was an unyielding effort, but once she began to concentrate on having Kylo Ren releases the General, Rey’s hand unconsciously rose up. Her palm faced out, manipulating this invisible energy at her fingertips and pushed it against her husband with all the energy she possessed. Kylo Ren let out a sharp exhale as he pulled his hand sharply away from the General as if he had touched fire. Rey could hear the loud thud of the General’s body falling to the floor as she found herself collapsing onto the floor at the sudden exhaustion as well. She didn’t know what she had done, but whatever it was, it had drained all of her energy. Rey was practically panting, gasping for breath. While Ren took his steps forward. “If I see you try to touch her again, I will do more than choking you, understand?” The sadistic tone in his voice made Rey shivered despite her circumstances. The ginger was scrambling to his feet and quickly rushed out of the door. Ren knelt down in front of Rey, offering her his help, but she refused it. “You could have killed him,” she panted as she looked up at the metal mask. Kriff, she wished he could take that stupid thing off his face. “I wanted to. He deserves it.” “No he doesn’t,” she frowned at him. “No one deserved to be killed just because he was running his mouth, saying things he was not supposed to.” Rey didn’t realize she was yelling till she noticed Kylo Ren was on his feet now, looking down at her. “Do you honestly think I wanted to kill him because he was bad-mouthing you?” he asked in disbelieve. Rey could feel his anger radiated out of his body like wildfire. Rey watched him in confusion. “He was going to touch you!” His voice boomed out loudly behind the mask. It made her shivered. Rey had never seen him losing so much of control before. His anger, she felt it and she wished she couldn’t. “And I could have handled it myself, thank you very much.” Rey retorted statement only made the taller man angrier. “I don’t need you and whatever you using to help me. I don’t need your rescuing.” Rey heard what sounded like a scoff coming from him. She felt like someone had stabbed her right in the gut what came out of his mouth. “Just because you are finally able to call to the Force, it doesn’t mean you can weild it properly, Rey. You don’t even know how to use it yet.” Like he had just open flood-gate, Rey let her emotion takes over her. “Then why do you think I can knock you off earlier?!” she spat at him, standing chest to chest with the massive man. “You’re not that special, Kylo Ren. You’re not the only one that can use the Force. I am a Kenobi, and like my grandfather before me I can also use the Force. If you don’t know it already, I am going to tell you again. My grandfather taught your grandfather and your uncle the way of the Force, so you better think twice before belittled me about how to use it! I am not some stupid girl from Jakku that need your saving, Kylo Ren.” Kylo Ren felt his breath quickened as he stared down at the little human before him. She was a firecracker that was far too hot for anyone to tame. He knew he was wrong to say those words, but he was just so angry that he blinded by it. He should have been proud of her, knowing all the stories of her struggle to tap into the power of the Force. They stared at one another for a long moment. Their heavy breathing was the only thing that kept the room from being a complete silent. Rey wouldn’t want anything from him, not even his apology if he was going to give her one. But knowing him, she doubted he would. Rey bit her inside cheeks and backed away from him, allowing herself to take the high road. For a moment like this, she wanted to cherish the moment. She had waited this long to tap into the Force, and now that she was able to, she couldn’t even get a chance to relish the moment. Rather, she was arguing with her stupid husband and his stupid pride, and looking at his stupid mask. Rey had enough, she was angry, and she wasn’t going to forgive him for that comment. Kylo moved silently to sit down. The door to their quarter slid shut, shielding both of them from the outside. No one should know about their argument. Hell, they just got married, and already they were fighting. It just didn’t look good to the outsider. He was too exhausted to deal with what had transpired between them. His earlier mission was already taking a toll on his thought. “Look, I just got back from a mission, and I saw Hux was about to touch you. I was just in a heat of the moment. I didn’t mean to snap at you,” he said softly. “I knew how much you have tried to get in touch with the Force, and I could have reacted better. I just…I just wanted you to know that I am proud that you can finally able to use it. I just thought that perhaps I could use a better wording when I said what I said. I could have said that you need more training to control it, but I didn’t think that I can sound like—“ “Like a dumbass?” “Excuse me?” Kylo looked at her confused. “A dumbass because that is what you sounded like earlier, but if you wanted to apologize, I accept it.” Rey could have sworn she heard him chuckled. “But don’t think you’re out of the dog house, yet prince . I accept it, but I don’t forgive you for it. One of these days, I am going to kick your ass so hard, you wish you wouldn’t have said it. Plus, that mask. I’m going to burn down that mask of yours when I get the chance. “You can certainly try, sweet heart.” Chapter 6 : Day Dreaming Summary: Kylo was summoned by Emperor Snoke because Hux snitch, but Kylo was distracted by Rey. AKA soft sinning, if you know what I mean. Notes: Forgive me if my attempt at sinning is not good. Her mind wondered about as she lazily levitating objects inside the compound using the Force. Her new found power seemed to make everything felt more alive than it had ever been. She could feel the Force humming, vibrating all around her. What intrigued her the most was the feeling when her husband was around her. The Force hummed stronger and hotter around him, vibrating to a degree of which she didn’t understand. Whenever she felt him close to her, her body felt a warm rush of energy that was too new to her, yet it was slowly becoming a part of her. Rey mentioned it to Kylo and he didn’t respond, but the energy that emitted off him seemed to cooled down to a degree of which it became warm rather than burning hot. She assumed he responded positively to her words. Perhaps this was a key to how she can read him rather than his expression behind the mask. Of course she had been toying with the idea of peaking behind the mask using her newfound power, but the only problem was she didn’t know how. Rey sighed heavily before she retracted her power, causing the object she was levitating to landed on where it was originally on. Asking him would only caused more suspicion from him, after all she did agree wait till the time comes. Rey was simply curious. It must be something underneath the mask that made him so reluctant to take it off for her. Toying with the idea was only making her frustrated with her husband, so Rey decided it was best to laid down on the empty bed instead. Her husband had left her on her own as he was called by the Emperor earlier. Her guess was General Hux may have been running his mouth a bit, snitching whatever happened earlier in her compound to Emperor Snoke in hope of punishing her and her husband. She rolled around the bed, hand clutching the stone locket her husband had given her for their wedding. She wished to get to know him better, but it appeared as though his duty as the Imperial Prince had prevented them from having any moment together. If only, she thought. Rey felt her eyes getting heavy as exhaustion came over her. It was difficult to know the time of day it was when she was in the such a massive vessel. Furthermore, her day had been more than an eventful one and sleep was much needed for the new bride. Before she knew it, Rey slept quietly, unaware of her environment. Kylo Ren had been summoned not long after what had transpired between him, Rey, and Hux earlier. He knew Hux might have contacted the Emperor about his outburst, but Kylo Ren was also a smart man. He didn’t need any alibi to explained to Snoke about the whole situation to him, but he still came up with one anyway. Hux was the type of man would insist on having him or his wife punish; it was only natural if Kylo beat him at his own game. The meeting between the three had been more than half an hour already. Hux seemed more irritated at the fact that Kylo didn’t object to what he was telling Snoke. Each time he spoke, Kylo Ren caught his glances here and there as he tried to insight some sort of respond from the prince, but Kylo remained silent. He made no plan retaliate against the other man’s claim. Even if he wasn’t going to say a thing to him, Kylo was also tired of listening to the ginger talk. He must have enjoy hearing himself talk a lot to keep going like this. He smirked silently to himself as he stood there. Kylo… His attention sprang up at the voice that was calling to him, which sounded more and more like his wife. It couldn’t be… A-ah, Kylo… Another moan was calling out for him, and he could have sworn it made his face grew warmer. The warmness enveloped him, making him shivered suddenly. It slowly traveled down his body till it reached his groin. His wife couldn’t possible projected her dream to him, could she, he wondered as he snapped out of it, but still he could hear her soft moaning echoing inside his head. It was lewd and arousing, and he wished now more than ever to be in his private compound. Rey moaned softly into the kiss. Her hand buried in the mass of his dark hair, her nails dug into his scalp as their tongue met in a deep kiss. She had never kissed anyone before, but it felt right. Kylo was slowly grinding himself into her throbbing core, causing her gasped softly into his mouth. She wanted more though. Rey bucked her hips to meet his, grinding herself against him as they continued to kiss. Her husband broke the kiss first as his lips trailed down her neck, leaving trailed of wet kisses on her skin. Ren seemed to enjoy this. Every time he reached her newly expose flesh, he would stop and suckle at her flesh, leaving her skin bruise. Rey called out to him softly as she arched her back. The prince continued to kiss her skin, worshipping her freckled flesh as if she was his salvation. The more he tasted her skin, the more the fire within him burn with need like gasoline. His lips were now at the swell of her breasts. With one hand slowly kneading at the soft flesh, he used his tongue to further teased her. She gasped out softly when she felt his tongue traced at the hard nub and flicking it with care. Kylo repeated his ministration a couple of times more till she begged for him before he moved suckled at it. Her core ached terribly when she felt her husband mouth around her soft flesh. She was so fearful earlier about having him seeing her naked, and now she wanted more, more of whatever he was giving to he. Her core was practically dripping from the mere needs. He had a touch unlike anything she had felt and she wanted more of it, so she begged for him over and over again for him to sate the fire that burn inside of her. She felt his hand slowly stroke her side, then down to her hip. At first it was a soothing gesture, but slowly she felt his hand moved dangerously close to her dripping core. Rey gasped softly when she felt his finger slowly stroke at her nether lips, coating it with her juices while his lips nibbled at her earlobe. Rey panted at the sensation. Her body reacted to him almost immediately and she didn’t know way. She bucked her hips to meet more of him, wanting more. “Kylo, please…” she begged softly for him, but he refused to acknowledge her pleading. His fingers continued to tease her. His thump was now rubbing at the small bundle of nerve, causing her to moan out lewdly. Rey was too lost to even get embarrassed at this. “Kylo…” she pleaded wantonly again as she spread herself wider, giving him more room to do as he pleased. “Kylo…” “Prince Ren!” The loud voice pulled him out of the trance as he opened his eyes to meet an angry creature before him. Emperor Snoke wasn’t happy that Ren was spacing out. “Yes, your imperial majesty,” he answered in a rough, husky voice. “I am glad you are back here again with us.” Snoke voice laced with anger, but it was too subtle for Hux to understand. “Apologize. I was thinking of my wife that is all.” “So it seemed…She must be quite splendid for you to think of her this much.” “This is why you have to relieve him off his duty, your imperial majesty. Ren had lost all of his focus the moment that woman boarding my ship.” Hux spat angrily. “T hat woman just happens to be my wife, General. I suggest you talk to her with respect.” Kylo turned to look at the angry ginger. “Boys. We all can work together here. There is not need of useless quarrel.” “U-useless?! But your highness, Kylo Ren used his power to hurt me,” Hux insisted again. Kylo Ren could feel the emperor eyes rolled. “You know I cannot relieve him off of his duty as the commander of my armies. Surely you can forgive him for whatever he had done to you. I am sure he had his own reason. You know my heir won’t retaliate against you if you have not done something to cause him to be angry.” Hux was shocked at the emperor’s suggestion, but he didn’t dare to say anything in return. With a nod, the emperor dismissed both men. Kylo caught a glance of the general’s piercing gaze. He knew the man was angry, but he should have known better. Both men left the communication chamber and parted way to their own quarter. Kylo walked slowly at first till the general was out of his sight. Then he proceeded to take a much longer stride to his private compound. In the back of his mind he was sure that Snoke was too far away to read his thought, but he knew Kylo wasn’t focusing his attention at all toward their meeting. He was some what glad that the emperor didn’t intrude his thought earlier. It would have been an embarrassment moment for him to see his wife thought projected so loudly inside his mind. His cock twitched at the thought. It was too vivid to consider it as something she would dream about, but to have it project inside his mind too. Something must had happened when she was using the Force to push him out. He knew he felt something awaken within her, but he was too angry to focus on that soft vibration of energy that happened to be coming off his wife. Kylo quickly entered his room, only to be met by sleeping Rey. She was fussing, making small noise. Her face flushed red, beads of sweat formed on her forehead and neck. Kylo looked around the hall, making sure no one was around before he sealed the door close. Rey’s brows were pulled into a deep frown as her lips slightly parted. Kylo stood there and watched her tentatively. He didn’t make any more to go any close though, know that a touch from her would set him on fire that he had tried so hard to sate. A familiar, lewd moaning escaped from her lips and Kylo felt himself trembled. The prince licked his lips and swallowed nervously. It was so wrong to do this—to watch her at her most vulnerable state. A part of him should be glad that she dreamed of him, but a moral part of him knew better than to intrude inside his wife’s head… “Well more like you pushing your little fantasy inside my head…” he mused softly to himself as he let out of deep frustrating sighed. Rey’s eyes fluttered open suddenly by his voice, causing Kylo Ren to stumbled back. Her body radiating of hot energy. Her scent seemed to permeate the air inside the compound; something that mixed between floral and something sweet. Her warm brown eyes gazed up to meet his face so wildly. Her cheeks flushed red as she looked at the man before her. Rey felt her panties damped slightly from whatever she was having in her dream earlier. Her breathing seemed to be heavy still. She could almost taste him…she thought disappointedly. The prince watched his wife curiously. Warm energy continued to bombard him. He knew she was still aroused from earlier, and he didn’t blame her for that. Rey’s gaze shifted down as her face now turned a deep shade of red. Kylo Ren gently sat beside her, but she seemed to shy away from him suddenly. “Did I scare you?” he asked stupidly, knowing that it was probably something else. Rey shook her head as she moved slightly away from him. Kylo noticed at that she was squeezing her thighs together when she bit her lips together. He wanted to ask her more, but felt as though he would only scare her away. “Are you angry at me then?” He attempted once more. He would have told her that he had saw what she was dreaming off, but that would only ruin their moment now. How could she ever trust him again, he thought. “Then may I ask why you are not talking to me?” Kylo tried very hard to speak to be gentle to her. But the tremor of energy he felt was too much for him. “Rey, don’t be so cruel. At least let me know why you are avoiding m—“ “Cruel is what you just did to me,” she muttered. Kylo looked at her curiously. “What did I do, if I may ask you?” Her eyes began to water, and he was almost panic. Surely she didn’t dream of him taking her by force… “Rey..” “Kylo Ren, you are so cruel, do you know that? You can’t even let me see your face even if it was my dream?” she spat out. The prince looked at her in shock. It took him a while to process what she was saying to make any sense to him. “You have to wake me up when I was finally see you…I—,“ she choked out. “Why can’t I see you? The Force won’t even let me see what beneath that thing!” Kylo moved to take her hand. She didn’t withdraw from him. Good, he thought. “And what were you dreaming of?” he asked as if he was clueless about it. Rey chewed her lips softly and he swallowed nervously at it. Her face turned red again. Kylo could feel the blast of warm air hitting him as he was waiting for her answer. “It doesn’t matter,” she sniffled before she wiped her face with the back of her hand. “It matters to me if it upset you this much,” he cooed. Rey looked at him. “You will refuse me if I ask you,” she said. “How would you know that?” “Because you are Kylo Ren. You don’t listen to anyone,” she answered quickly. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. It’s over now.” “Rey…” The princess sniffled and took a deep breath. Her ears were practically red now as she mustered the will to say what she was going to say to him. “Kiss me.” Kylo looked stunned at her. Rey looked almost disappointed when she saw that he didn’t respond to her. Silent felt between the two of them for a long while. Rey felt uneasy as Kylo still processed what his wife had just asked him to do. “I knew I shouldn’t have asked,” she muttered as she withdrew her hand from his, but Kylo held her firmly, stopping her from what she was about to do. “Why should I?” To her, his question sounded more like she had to explain herself if she wanted him to kiss her. It was as if she didn’t deserve to be kissed at all. “I-I just wanted to know what it feels like to be kissed by my own husband…Is it that difficult for you to understand? If you don’t want to, that’s fine. I know I must have looked dirty now. All sweaty and gross.” “No. Not at all…” he replied back. “You’re far from it. I’m just wondering why you suddenly wanted me?” Rey felt herself getting embarrassed at the thought of telling her husband about her wet dream. It would be weird if she mentioned that he was in there as well. It would be more embarrassed to tell him how she was still aroused and still want to see his face. For some reason, she was sure that her husband has black hair, but his face seemed to be shield by bright light that seemed blinding when she gazed upon him. Rey was weighing on the question, and she could feel Kylo shifted impatiently on the bed. “I just wanted something from you…You left me again.” “I did…” he confirmed. “It’s the least you can do to apologize to me.” Rey’s voice was almost like a whisper. Her confident seemed to retreat her when she needed it most. “I want to at least have our first kiss when we are finally able to be alone.” “We almost reached the capital.” “And you will be summoning by the emperor again,” she said. Kylo didn’t reply. The silent just made her chest hurt terribly as if someone had just stabbed her right in the heart. Rey looked down. She was obviously hurt by it. She almost thought that he would be more than willing to have her if she put herself out there. But his impending rejection seemed to destroy whatever confident she was feeling at the moment. Kylo sighed as he let go of her hand. Rey looked up to him. Their eyes locked for a moment before he closed his and reached behind for the mechanisms that would released the helmet. He closed his eyes though. He was too scared to see her reaction. Kylo set his helmet beside him before he slowly opened his eyes to meet his wife gaze. “Princess.” Chapter 7 : Under the Mask Summary: Kylo took off his mask for Rey. How did she react? Notes: Thank you for anyone that read this, and thank you for leaving comments and kudos. I really appreciate it as always. “Princess,” Kylo said softly as he looked upon his wife with his own eyes for the second time under a very different circumstances. The prince watched her expression closely, scanning for any signs of changes in her mood. The Force around them seemed to hum as always, vibrating softly in the background. No anger, or sadness, he thought to himself. She seemed surprised though by the way her gaze lingered on his face, she was still processing the revelation. “Ben,” she whispered softly before she shifted her gaze else where. “You’re Ben—No, Ben is you. I don’t understand…” Rey’s dark brows pulled into a deep frown as she ran her fingers through her hair. “What is happening? Am I being tested?” “No, of course not. Don’t be ridiculous.” “Ridiculous is you and Ben having the same face,” she snapped. Kylo Ren could feel the air around them changed. “What is going on, Kylo?” she demanded. “You agreed that you will not be angry with me when you see me,” Kylo reminded her. The prince attempted to take her hand, but Rey refused to be held by him. “I am not mad, but I would appreciate it if you tell me what is going on.” “Ben is my real name…Ben Solo,” he said softly as he looked down at his hands. Kylo Ren was fiddling with his fingers as he spoke. “I go by Kylo Ren when I come under the emperor’s command. No one else knows about it except my parents and you.” Rey’s gaze slowly softened, and so was her posture. She held herself back though. There were just far too much of information he was hiding from her. “I swear what happened yesterday was a coincidence. I didn’t plan for you to see me so soon, but I was also curious about you as well. You looked so sad yesterday that I have to say something.” “So you lied?” “Not necessary,” he cut her off. “I told you the truth. My name is Ben—still is.” Kylo shrugged. “You told me yesterday that you were an imperial officer.” “And I am. I am the commander of the First Order, heir to the new Galactic Empire. I am affiliated with them, Rey. I didn’t necessary lie.” “But you withhold information from me,” she frowned. “It was a necessary thing to do at the time. There are things that I cannot tell you, Rey. I cannot tell you every single thing I do to you. It just doesn’t make sense!” Kylo slowly lose his control that he didn’t realize he was raising his voice to her. Kylo breathed through his mouth again as he tried to keep his temper in check. “What I meant to say was there is going to be time when I cannot tell you everything, and you must leave it at that.” Rey scoffed at this. “Withholding your true identity from me is definitely not something you should do, prince. I opened up to you about you! How can you play me like that?” “I didn’t play you, Rey. What kind of man do you think I am?” “A cruel man,” she replied weakly as she shifted her gaze away from him. “You have been nothing but cruel to me—playing with my emotion from the very beginning. Do you think of me as a fool?” she asked as she wiped the tear that threated to roll down her cheek. “Never,” he answered truthfully. Kylo cupped her face in his hand, forcing her to look at him. The thought of her gaze glanced else where but his face hurt him greatly. “You’re beautiful, intelligent, and quick witted, but never a fool. It was simply a misunderstanding between us, can you at least accept me as I am now?” His request sounded sadder than when it was in his head. “I may be a monster to others, but I want to be the husband that you truly deserve. I am not even asking for your forgiveness, but your attention, Rey. Can you at least grant me just that?” Rey looked at him silently, contemplating of whether he deserved it or not. In the back of her mind, she felt betrayed by him, but at the same time he was right about everything he had just said. Kylo didn’t lie to her. He was simply hiding things from her. A part of her was hurt though, despite their marriage being nothing more than a political reason. The silent stretched between them. The air seemed denser now after the revelation. Kylo Ren remained quiet as he waited for his wife’s next word. “Kiss me,” she said. The prince stared at her a bit dumbfounded. “I said kiss me. Now that you have my attention, I want you to kiss me, prince—unless you felt that I am not deserving of it.” Her words were bold, Kylo thought. “No, you deserve everything of it. It is I that don’t deserve to touch you.” “You are my husband and you have yet to apologize to me,” she looked at him. Her eyes hold that gleamed that had been missing for the last hours. Rey was blushing again. Kylo could feel she was still aroused from earlier. “We didn’t get to kiss during the wedding ceremony either. Will you kiss me now that I ask you properly as your wife?” The prince slowly leaned into the kiss. He stopped himself and met her half way though. Their lips barely brushed one another. Kylo pressed his forehead against her, marveling at the softness of her skin against his own. Her scent filled his nostrils every time he breathed. She was clouded his mind—intoxicating him without even realizing it. Their lips met with a gentle brush of their lips at first. Kylo was being careful not to scare her, but the vibration of the Force coming off of her told him other wise. The first touch seemed to sent his senses into overdrive. Every cells in his body jolted awake once he began to kiss her deeply now—his lips moved against her soft ones. His tongue probed at her entrance, begging her to open up to him. Rey set there rigid in his arms. The first brush of his lips had made her sighed contently. She slowly tested herself, mimicking his movement—returning his kisses till she felt herself wanting more from him. Rey froze though when she felt his tongue brushed against her lips. She slowly opened her mouth to him. Her husband slipped his tongue inside, and their slow, shy kisses turned into a deep, passionate one. A moaned rumbled in her throat as he kissed every inch of her. Their tongue danced together and flicked each other. The duel vibration she heard in the back of her mind slowly merge into one. She could hear it her heartbeat and his pounded heavily, matching in rhythm together. There was a rush there of which she didn’t understand, and it made her stomach feels funny. Kylo was the first to withdraw. He trailed his lips along to kiss her jaw. The sensation made her eyes fluttered. Rey didn’t realize it till she felt him chuckled softly. She didn’t realize she had grabbed a handful of his hair in his hand, but Kylo didn’t seemed to mind it. Embarrassed at her action, she slowly let go of his hair. “Don’t be embarrassed. I feel it to,” he said softly against the skin of her neck, followed by a long swipe of his tongue against her tender flesh. Rey shivered at that. “Your heart beats so heavily,” he murmured softly. The vibration sent shiver through her body. His voice was deep and it made her melt. “Don’t be afraid. I will not hurt you.” At that moment she knew he spoke it from the bottom of his heart. It almost made her weep like a fool. “Will you make me yours now if I ask you?” The tremor in her voice shook him to the very bone. It must be the dream that made her this way. “No, it is more than a dream,” she answered his thought even without realizing it. “We have to consummate our marriage at some point eventually, why not now when I have you to myself?” “You can have me when ever you wish, princess,” he murmured as he slowly undid her top. “All you have to do is ask.” One by one, he unlaced and unzipped the fabric that clung dangerously close to the swell of her small breasts. “What would I ask you when I don’t know what I want from you?” she looked down at him, wishing he would look back at her. Kylo Ren flashed her a crooked smile. “I am sure you can consolidate it with what you saw earlier?” Rey’s cheeks burned brightly, making Kylo chuckled softly. He thought it was cute how she could turn from a demanding princess one moment and a shy woman the next. There was something intriguing about his wife and he seemed to enjoy it. “I-I am not shy,” she retorted, but Kylo knew better. “Oh really?” his brow quirked with mischief. “Then I assume you would be fine seeing me naked for the first time.” “I don’t see why not,” she challenged him, but Kylo felt her voice shook slightly. Rey’s eyes widened as she watched the dark prince before her began disrobing. One by one, layers of thick, dark fabrics peeled off of his frame, revealing a tall, thick man beneath it all. Rey watched him with wonder, marveled at his broad-shoulder, his hard, flat stomach. His tight black pants clung to his massive thighs. The lean muscles of his chest and abdomen made her mouth watered slightly, and Rey averted her gaze. She hated to admit it, but her husband was too damn handsome for his good. Perhaps it was better off if he continued to wear it. “Are you scare of the little competition?” he teased her playfully as he sat back down beside her on the mattress and leaned in close to her. Rey could feel his smoldering gaze lingering on her skin. She felt heat creeping up her body under his stare. His musky scent filled her senses. “Knowing you, I don’t think any girl would be sane enough to sleep with you.” “But here you are, asking me to bed you,” he pointed out as he played with her hair. “That’s because it is our duty,” he answered weakly now, wishing he would touch her instead of her hair. Damn him! Kylo trailed his finger down to her chest. Slowly he parted the fabric till her soft skin reveal beneath his touches. “Is this how you see it, a duty?” he asked huskily as slid her blouse from her shoulder. Her face reddened suddenly as she felt cold air hitting her already harden nipples. Rey shivered slightly and Kylo took noticed. “If you don’t want this to go on, you can just tell me?” He looked up to her. “I will not force anything on you,” he reassured her. His voice was softer now, almost soothing. Rey finally managed to look at him. Her fingers gently brushed against his shoulder-length hair away from his face. Her thump traced his lips. Oh how those lips had made her feel… Instead of answering, Rey cupped his face in her hand and leaned in to kiss him. It was slow at first just like the first time Kylo had laid his lips upon her, but quickly the kiss turned into a deep passionate one. Rey slipped her tongue in his and began to kiss him as he had kissed her earlier. His fingers trailed down her side, stroking her gently causing another gasp from her. Kylo could feel her trembling but she had made no move to stop. Rather she had laid herself down before him, staring up to him with flushed face. “No, I want this to go on,” she told him before she slid her pants down, revealing the soft cotton pantie she was wearing. It was nothing extraordinary about it. Rey was conscious enough that she should have worn something a bit sexier—Perhaps more mature. Kylo laughed when her thought reached his. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he said as he moved to laid beside her, his hand gently stroke his flat stomach back and forth, sending shiver down her spine. “I think I much prefer you with nothing on,” he winked before he began kissing her shoulder then down to the valley between her breasts. Kylo could feel her heart pound beneath his lips and he had to stopped himself. Rey felt a bit overwhelm now that she felt his hand on her skin. She knew there was turning back now and she felt queasy inside. Too much thinking about the aftermath. Too much thinking about what became of them. Rey found herself second guessing. “If you’re not ready to do it, I can wait,” he said, nuzzling the softness of her mound. Rey sucked in her breath as she looked at him. “This doesn’t have to be our duty,” he told her as he moved to laid on his side, eyes lingered on her as he tried to read her expression. Rey bit her lips, feeling heat rushed to her face when she turned to face him. “I thought I knew what I wanted, but I honestly don’t know…I have never been with anyone before and I am scared that I won’t get to see you again when we reach the capital.” Rey placed her palm on his chest, allowing herself to feel the warmness that radiating from his skin to pass through her. “The emperor will take you away from me, and I have to be alone again the confine of the palace. I don’t want that to happen when we just shared such an intimate moment together.” The prince just stared at her. He could feel her sadness rushed over him. “That is not true,” he reassured her as he stroked her face. “There is no need to rush into this if you are not ready, so don’t pressure yourself into this.” Rey felt touch by his words. He had been nothing by kind to her. In contrast to what he had done, Rey saw a hope in him and she wished that they met under some other circumstances instead. Perhaps in another life they could live at a much simpler life. She wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face in his shoulder. Kylo stiffened and the sudden closeness, but he wrapped an around her waist and pulled her close to him. The two remained in each other arms, basking in each other energy. For the moment, it was only them that matter. Chapter 8 : When Stars Collide Summary: Rey and Kylo arrived on Coruscant, but things were more complicated when they suddenly find themselves arguing. Rey tried very hard not to make it too obvious at how in awe she was at the busy cityscape of Coruscant. She reminded herself once in a while to close her mouth whenever the airspeeder turned and dived into another corner through the heavy traffic of the skylane. Her eyes gleamed in wonder at the colorful lights that danced across the ocean of durasteel below. Even before they entered the atmosphere of the planet, Rey could feel the energy of inhabitant below flowed through her. It was too overwhelming in fact. The sound and the light seemed to drowned out the thought she felt upon entering her new home. Rey turned to look at her husband with hope—at least of reassurance, but Kylo had already went back to cover his face once more with his mask and so did the silent that fall between them. His demeanor changed the moment his face shielded away from her observing eyes. It made her felt alone despite the new forged connection they shared while they were on the Finalizer : “I’m scared of going to there,” she murmured softly as she laid across his bare chest, his large arms wrapped around her waist securely. Neither one felt like sleep was needed. With just them, Rey felt at peace. At least for a moment when her husband was her husband and not the commander to the First Order. Kylo felt so large, and so warm that she couldn’t help but felt safe then and there. “Why are you scared?” he asked. His deep baritone voice made the hair on her neck stood up. “No one can do anything to hurt you. I will be there to protect you.” “Protection is not my main concern, husband. Being the Emperor’s prisoner is what I fear the most—Being his pawn, as a matter of fact. Why do you think he wants us to be together? A Skywalker and a Kenobi—It’s just too good to pass up the opportunity.” Kylo looked down at her with a curious look. “And the opportunity is…?” “A child with the blood of both houses,” she answered. Rey seemed to be more intrigued in drawing circle around his skin rather than returned his smoldering gaze. After all, it would be best if she could avoid his gaze all together. Looking at him would do her no good. “What you are accusing the Emperor of may cost you your freedom, Rey. It counts as an act of treason against an Imperial force. I suggest we don’t talk about it anymore.” “Do you honestly believe that he won’t try to take the child from us, if we have one?” Rey perched up on his chest, her chin on her arms as she stared up to him. Rey could see it the changed in her husband’s eyes, but almost immediately Kylo had severed their connection, or at least on his end. The two remained there, but Rey felt it immediately. His touch felt different altogether. “You don’t believe me, do you?” There was a hint of hurt in her voice, but Kylo’s silence response was more than enough. “You think that I am stupid and paranoid,” she said as she moved off him. Kylo stared at her with a displease look on his face. “I didn’t say that. I didn’t even say anything!” “But that is exactly what I mean. Your silence. It speaks volume to this matter, husband.” “I would prefer it if we don’t speak about it anymore, especially once we arrive on Coruscant.” Rey felt pathetic for the fact that he was so close to her, yet he had chosen to shun her out once more like she was a stranger to him. As if he had caught her emotion, Kylo shifted suddenly in her seat, causing Rey to look upon him. But once more, her husband decided to ignore her. As they arrived at the Imperial palace, Kylo exited first. Rey let out a heavy sighed then, thinking that he had already left her. But as she stepped foot onto the landing pad, Kylo Ren had already extended his arm for her to take as she stepped onto the platform. She didn’t say anything, but she simply stared at him curiously, wondering of what his game was. It was more than obvious at the tension between the two grew. As they were escorted by half a dozens of stormtroopers into the building, Rey couldn’t help but wondered if this was how her life going to be like—dealing with Kylo for the most part. He was hot for her one second at the next he was cold, acting like she was so insignificant to him. She wanted to cry at that, simply for being angry at him. Both of them stepped inside the lift, leaving all of the troopers outside. Now that they were alone, Rey decided to at least not making whatever between them too obvious. “Where are we going now?” Her voice sounded hoarse from the silent earlier. It cracked at bit when she spoke. “Your quarter,” he answered. Rey chewed at her lips. “Are you saying that we are to stay in separate room?” “Mine isn’t large enough for both of us,” he explained. “It would be better if you have a room of your own. I imagine you would appreciate it far more than mine have to offer.” “Isn’t that a bit absurd for a couple to sleep in a separate room? What would others say about us?” Kylo finally turned and look at her. Rey could feel his disapproving stare through his mask. “I don’t particularly care for others’ opinion,” he stated as the door of the lift opened. The room was massive for a private quarter. Kylo peeled her arm away and stepped out, allowing her to have a moment. “Nobles and politicians alike are not my concern.” “I know you don’t, but would you care for mine?” she asked as she stepped out. The door of the lift closed behind them. Now they both were truly alone. “Because I have gather many of them since we arrived here.” Kylo looked at her, arms crossed over his chest waiting for her to continue. “Why do you enjoy making me feel so insignificant? Did I do something to displease you?” “Well, I apologize if I made you feel this way. It wasn’t my intention,” he answered. His answered only caused her more frustration. “I don’t understand why you are acting this way toward me?” “Acting like what, exactly?” “This!” Rey waved her hand up and down. “You shut me out completely. I couldn’t even reach you when we were on the speeder. You hide your thoughts from me, Kylo. What have I done to deserve this?” “Nothing. I’m tired from the trip that is all.” Rey frowned. It was more than obvious that Kylo was avoiding her. It would have been less annoying if he just flat out said what he wanted. She knew he was upset over her comment about the Emperor. Clenching her palm tightly, Rey bit her tongue and just walked away from him and toward the plush couch that look far more expensive than anything in her life. The fact that Kylo was acting so dismissive toward her was hurting her more than anything. The kindness she felt earlier simply vanished so quickly, leaving her only the man she first met. “Well, prince. I think you are set to go if you wish. I do not think our conversation can go anywhere from here.” “What do you want to talk about then?” “Why do you care now?” she shot back, face looking straight into the blank wall before her. “You are upset. It is obvious that I caused it.” Rey wanted to groan. “Kriff, Kylo. If you want to leave, just kriffing leave already. I am so tired of this stupid game you are playing. First you ignored me, and now you are trying to act like you care for me. Well, which is it? Is this how you are going to test my patient? To make me so frustrated that I want to scream at you? Is this how you want this thing we have to be?” “We don’t have anything yet, Rey. I’d preferred it if you don’t mention the connection we had with anyone. It was an accident, and I would like to keep it that way.” Rey flinched as if he had slapped her in the face. His words cut deep into her already fragile confident. She felt a sharp pain in her chest as if he had struck her with his own lightsaber. “Of course, your highness. I apologized if I have caused you any discomfort,” she said shakily before she rushed out to find the Fresher, and she quickly locked herself inside. She promised herself that she will not shed a single tear in front of him no matter what, but the frustration that came with the marriage was far too much. Rey let out a loud sob simply from the frustration and the hurt he had caused her. For a few simple words, he had cut her deeper than anything physical. To say that the connection they share was nothing but an insignificant accident felt almost like everything what they had earlier was just an act. Rey sobbed silently with her head between her knees. She felt foolish to think that he was a good man for her, but now she realized she could never love a creature in a mask like him. Kylo Ren was simply cruel. Kylo couldn’t stop it anymore. Surge of dark energy gathered at his fingertips as anger welled up inside of her. She was a naïve girl—still think that he would somehow care enough. Her isolation on the sandy planet may be one of the reason why she confused attention with interest. But he realized though those words shouldn’t have come out. He saw the way her expression changed; a mixture of hurt and pain were obvious on his wife face. The large mirror on the side of the quarter cracked and suddenly shattered in small pieces as his fist his hand tightly at his side. Anger and frustration mingled in his mind as he turned to stared at the shattered pieces. He thought he could control it, but every time Rey challenged him, he always lost his control. How can they reconsolidate what happened between them now when they literally at war with each other? Kylo called for the servants to help his wife out before he exited the quarter. The emperor had called for him as Rey had predicted. It was not new for him to report to Snoke right after his mission, but rather than meeting him face to face, Snoke prefer to do it through the Holoterminal instead. “Master, you have called for me?” He knelt in front of the blue projection of the creature before him. “Prince, I see that you have arrived here safe and sound. How is your wife doing? Is she happy with my accommodation?” “She is pleased by your generosity, your imperial highness.” Snoke laughed. “Good. Good. Now, tonight, I have arranged a small banquet for both of you. Senators and nobles alike are invited to welcome both of you. Many are eager to see the last of the Kenobi after all. It will do them honor to have a glimpse of your wife, my apprentice.” Kylo nodded. “I will let her know then.” “Good, good. Enjoy yourself, prince.” With this, the projection cut off, leaving Kylo alone in the room. He sighed heavily as he slumped against the leather chair. The mental wall he had put up drained most of his energy away. If the emperor decided to press on the question about his wife, surely he would not be able to shield his thought away from him any more. The prince took off his mask and allowed himself to breath the fresh air in the room for once. A heavy sighed escaped his lips as he looked up at the ceiling. How long had he endured this lie before he can truly show her the way he truly feels? He thought solemnly. A small slipped of emotions and he allowed himself to feel the emotion what was dead long ago. It was wrong to fee something from her, yet it felt so right. Rey fit perfectly in his arms as if they were made for one another: her head tucked under his chin, her body sprawled atop of his. No worries in the world but just them two. Kylo pinched the bridge of his nose as a frustration sound rumbled in his chest. He should have known better than to give into his own temptation. Compassion would have prevented him from achieving his goal. From the very beginning though, he had never doubt that his power would not come at the ultimate price. A child of Skywalker and Kenobi would be the most prize possession Snoke could get his hand on. He or she would be a natural killing machine, far more powerful than their parents before them. Rey was already suspected him, so why did he bothered to hide from her. The child would be ripped from her arms as he had been ripped from his mother’s. It’s an endless cycle that he had accepted. If somehow this marriage lead to love, then he must not accept such feelings. It was already too late though, the bond had already connected between them. If somehow they developed feelings for one another, it would only make it harder to take their child away from her. Kylo tightened his fist, causing the holoterminal to malfunction. Sparks flew, its metal body concave it, wires fried till the smell of smoke permeated in the air. A humorless laugh escaped from his lips. It was truly a curse to have met her, he thought. A curse and a blessing . A soft knock on the door startled Rey. She was already too tired to cry. Their earlier exchanged left her feeling drained, but still the thought of being nothing to him was to be expected. Kylo Ren thought of no one but himself. She should have known better than to trust him. Another knock startled her. Rey slowly got up to her feet and opened up the door. She was greeted by a tall, slender girl with hair as dark as the night itself. Her skin was pale with yellow undertone to it. Her eyes were almond shape, but the more she looked at her dark brown eyes the more she resembled a doll. But she also noticed something. There were pieces of cybernetic part that ran from her temple down to her chin. They were thin enough to be mistaken as part of the cosmetic jewelry. “My lady. His Imperial highness would like me to inform you that you are to join him in tonight banquet.” Rey frowned then. “What banquet?” “Why, your welcoming banquet, of course. The emperor would like to officially welcome you into the Galactic Empire, and to do so he would like you to meet the nobles and senators from across the galaxy.” The girl’s words were genuine enough, but Rey figure it might be her position. “I don’t really have anything to wear though,” Rey pointed out. The girl smile seemed to widened in excitement. “There is no need to worry, my lady. I brought you some of the gowns that his royal highness had instructed me to.” “My husband ordered you to buy me dresses?” She asked in disbelief. “Well he had commissioned some of the famous designers to bring you their finest creations, I supposed. They delivered it this morning before your arrival.” “In such a short notice?” “Well, he didn’t specifically said it, but I think he had placed the order before he left here. Perhaps he wanted you to have a fresh start living here.” Rey chuckled at this ridiculousness. To her credit though, the girl enthusiasm made her smile a little. “Well, I supposed I should thank him once I see him tonight.” The girl left the room and came back with a rolling rack full of beautiful gowns. By the look of it, everything on that racks were more expensive than anything she have own on Jakku. Rey couldn’t help but walked up to it and allowed herself to feel the expensive fabric. “Aren’t they beautiful?” she chided excitedly. “Now, what should you wear for tonight?” Rey went through each of the gowns and inspect them carefully. A mischief gleaned danced in her eyes as she pulled one of the dress out. The servant girl’s eyes went wide—a cross between terrified and shock. “I think this will do it just fine,” she smiled while the other girl swallowed nervously. Who would have known that Kylo Ren had such a fine taste in woman clothing? “It’s a bit out there…” “Hm, but I think my husband is also a bit out there as well. I’m sure this goes perfectly with the necklace he gave to me. I’m sure he would be thrilled,” she smiled. “Now, can you help me get ready for tonight. I want my husband to be in awed with me the moment I walked out of here.” Chapter 9 : Wicked Game Summary: Rey and Kylo attended the banquet. Jealousy got the best of them. There will be sin and there will be feels. Mostly sins, but not enough. Kylo was anything but thrilled about the banquet. Still dress in his armor, the prince waited impatiently for his wife at the banquet halls of the Imperial palace. The crowd was eager to see their new princess. Some dared to glance at him, and some was more than happy to rushed into the halls without catching his attention. His presences seemed to intimidate the guests as they tried to enter the room as it was expected, but the prince could care less. He didn’t lie to Rey when he said that he didn’t care. Their opinion meant little little to nothing to him. It has been more than three hours of standard time since he last spoken to Rey. It would be understandable if she refused to see him now. After all they didn’t end on a great term earlier that day. The sound of high heels clicking across the marble floor though caught his attention. A familiar warmness washed over him. Kylo turned his attention and found himself unable to breath for the second time in his life because of his wife. He thought that seeing her in her wedding dress was enough to take his breath away, but this was different. His sweet Rey was gone and in came a woman whom Kylo barely recognized. Her hair pulled back into a tight ponytail. It swayed whenever she strutted across the halls. The body-hugging black gown was far from anything he could see her in. The deep plunging neckline of the dress almost made him angry and glad all the same. Every step she took, he could see her long, slender leg peaking beneath the high slit of the dress. She wore too much yet too little. Part of him wanted to kill whoever designed the dress, but another of him also thankful for it. The massive pendant was the only thing that keeping the flimsy fabric from exposing her breasts all together if she turned at a certain angle. Kylo stalked toward her to meet her half way. He could feel the prying eyes watching them both, but his attention could only be on her. He knew she was testing him, or worst punished him for his earlier action. A cruel girl she had become. Rey stared up to meet her husband gaze. Despite the mask, she could feel his gaze searing every inch of her skin like iron, making the hair on her neck stood on its end. But she would not be intimidated by him. She was a princess and his wife. She held power that no one could. She had seen him underneath his visage and more. She knew more than anyone here of his handsome face and what his lips were capable of. “Oh dear me, you didn’t even bother to change,” she said as she hooked her arm around his and began walking. “And here I am spending so much time just to make you look good.” Kylo let out a displeased noise. “I am not sure you are here to taunt me or to punish me, wife. Dressing up like this. Surely you are not planning to find yourself another husband to replace.” Rey smiled widened at the gravel in his voice. “No having one is more than enough for me.” Rey admitted as she looked down at her hand. “It made me realize that having one is like not having any at all. What is the point of having a husband if I am going to sleep alone in my own bed tonight anyway?” Her sarcasm didn’t go unnoticed. Kylo stopped suddenly before he turned to face her. Rey still looked at him with a sweet smile, unfazed by his obvious anger. “This is not the right time to talk about this, princess.” “Of course not, husband. I simply wish to have your attention that is all.” Kylo couldn’t help but stared at her for a lone moment. “I take it that you like my dress?” Kylo had to cleared his throat before he could speak—a trait that he didn’t know he had. “You look stunning,” he said intently. “Thank you,” Rey kept her tone light, hoping that he wouldn’t know how his comment had made her heart swell with pride. The dinner earlier in the night was stiff and too formal for her liking. They were seated at a large round glass table with Generals and Commander from across the galaxy. Strangely enough there were other princesses as well seated there, which made her wonder if they were the first choices of being her husband consorts. Their eyes would occasionally have lingered on her husband’s face, and Rey couldn’t do anything except pretended to ignore it all together. By the time it reached midnight, dancing began. Rey looked around in wondered if she would have another chance to attend such a grandeur festivity like this one. Kylo had left her on her own. She didn’t know where to turned or who to talk to. Rey had to forged her way to the balcony just to get some fresh air. Even at night, Coruscant still felt lively with the skylane up above. Everyone felt so alive, except for her. She felt so dead inside. Despite her effort, her husband still ignored her. “Why would a pretty girl like you stay here all by yourself here?” Rey turned and looked at the voice. He was tall, though not enough to stood his ground against her husband. He wore the finest clothes, and by the look of it he was either a nobleman or a senator. His dark curls framed his face perfectly. “Headache. How about yourself? Surely pretty girls are waiting to dance with you.” The man chuckled. “No, no. They are not really my type.” “Then I can say that those men are not really my type either.” He smiled at this as he leaned against the railing. “Is it because you are married to Kylo Ren or is it because you find no one here is attractive enough for you?” Rey chuckled this time and shook her head. “Oh trust me. Having Kylo is more than enough for me.” They looked at each other for a long moment before the man broke the silence first. “I’m Poe by the way,” he extended his hand. “I’m Rey,” she smiled. “I know.” He chuckled before his face turned grim. Kylo Ren had reappeared and he was stalking toward them. Rey stepped in front of Poe, shielding him from whatever awful thing Kylo might do to him. “Poe Dameron, I see that you made it to the banquet,” Kylo said intently. “Well, someone had to be here if the General couldn’t.” Kylo didn’t respond for a moment. “Of course. How silly of me to not think of that. Why don’t you say hi to mother for me?” “I—uh, of course your highness.” With that Kylo took Rey by the hand and lead them both to the vestibule. Rey avoided the gaze coming her way as they passed the guests. By tomorrow, headlines would have flied acrss the Holonet. There was no escape now from the headline to come after this event. As soon as the enter the vestibule, Rey jerked her arm away from him and Kylo allowed her to pull free before he shut the door with the Force. Rey spun around. “What was that all about?” Kylo remained silent. “I asked you a question. The least you can do is answer me, Kylo Ren.” “What is your game, Rey?” he asked “Game? What game?” Kylo let out a loud huff before he took his helmet off and threw it across the room. His eyes were wild as he stared down at her. “This,” he motioned his hand up and down at her. “What are you planning tonight? To seduce men?!” Rey gasped before she struck him hard on his cheek. Kylo stood firmly. He was more shock than hurt by the slap. “Do I look like I whored myself around to you?” His lips pulled into a thin, grim line. His silent was more than enough and the knowledge of it wounded her greatly. “Perhaps you deserve someone more refine than I. Perhaps those princesses that were watching you all night. They seemed eager enough to be bedded by you,” she said bitterly. His lips slowly pulled into an amuse smile as if her anger and hurt entertained his thought. His gaze raked over her body like predator, and suddenly she felt shiver ran over her body. The knowledge of her jealousy toward him seemed to extinguish what he had felt earlier. “How would you know? Have you read their thoughts?” Rey scoffed. “I don’t need to be a mind reader to know that those girls want you to have them. I am not that stupid.” His gaze narrowed at the confirmation. Kylo took a step toward her and she took a step back. Warning tingled across her skin as she gazed up her husband’s eyes. Kylo took a few more steps toward her and Rey tried her best not to retreat back. Kylo stood so close to her now that she could feel his breath on her expose skin. Her chest brushed against his firm, muscular one and she wanted to glare up at him, but she found herself intoxicated by their closeness that she couldn’t do it. Her body tingled with sensation that she didn’t understand, not from fear, nor was it from anger. Kylo brushed his hand lightly against her cheekbone and Rey couldn’t help but fluttered her eyes shut for a moment. “You asked me earlier how do you look, and I responded,” he said lowly. “I responded with stunning. Not for a moment since you stepped inside this hall that my eyes had lingered on others.” His fingertips were now on her jawline, stroking her gently. The coldness of his leather-cladded fingers made her skin tingled. His touch seemed to invoke something within her that it made her stomach felt funny, but she couldn’t explain what that feeling was. “Do you know how obvious it is to see that you are not from here?” Rey shook her head. “Your skin is tan, filled with freckles,” he said as he leaned closer now till she felt his breath brushed against her temple. “You don’t belong here.” His other arm slowly stroked her side before he pulled her closer to him by the hips. Her first instinct would be to run or fight him, but somehow deep inside of her, she was eager to feel his body against her own. “Yet you somehow you made me lose my mind when you stepped out of that shuttle,” he sighed heavily against her temple. “I should have been mad at you for slapping me, but somehow I found it…erotic. Sick isn’t it?” he chuckled out of his own amusement. Rey waited for the kiss from him, but patient wasn’t her strong point tonight. Blindly, she reached for his lips. The taste of him made her moan loudly as her arms moved instinctively to lock around his neck. Kylo pulled her flushed against his body and forced her to be on her tiptoes. Even if they had kissed earlier on the Finalizer , Kylo had managed to overwhelmed her senses. He had the opportunity to touch her, many times before, and the fact that he wished to touch her now—that he desired for her now made her body ached terribly for him. Heat coiled at the pit of her stomach as their kiss deepened. Rey’s fingers seemed to find his hair and pulled at him when he moved to kiss and nuzzled against her jaw. A soft moan emitting from his throat as he nibbled and bit at her expose flesh of her neck, causing her to gasp softly. Before she knew it, she was being pinned against the wall. Her arms wrapped around his neck securely while Kylo ripped the material of her dress till her bare legs were exposed. Rey wrapped her legs around his waist securely. Rey threaded her hand through his hair to the nape of his neck, urging her husband to kiss her again. Kylo gladly complied, kissing her long and hard with teeth and tongue till she was gasping for air. “You are a cruel woman. Coming here dressing like this as if I was some fool,” he breathed heavily against her neck. “But are you really a fool, Kylo Ren? You have me all to yourself and yet you refuse to bed me. What sort of scheming do you have now to avoid taking me to bed?” “I was a fool before, but now I have been seduced by you, wife. If I see another man gawking at you one more time, I will have his eyes ripped out of his sockets,” he said as he slowly rolled his hips against her core. Rey whimpered softly at the friction against her aching need. “No one can have you, Rey. You’re mine now.” he said before he thrust himself toward her clothed center. Rey let out another soft whimper as her head fell back against the wall. “Is this what you want me to do to you, princess? Do you want me to fuck you hard and rough? Is this what you crave?” His hand gripped her hips, leaving marks once they finished here. Rey couldn’t reply except for a few panting she could manage. “Say it loud, princess. Tell me what you want from me?” Rey still couldn’t reply, Kylo stopped his movement suddenly making her mewled softly in dissatisfaction. “I said say it out loud. What do you want me to do to you?” “B-bed me,” she stammered as she stared at him. She noticed how his eyes had darkened now. “No. No. That is not what you want me to do to you, Rey. Tell me what you want me to do you—exactly how you want me. Say it now, or I will stop this entirely. Rey let out a soft whimper before she spoke. “I-I want you f-fuck me,” she said softly as she looked into his eyes. “Please fuck me tonight. I want you so badly.” Kylo could see the changed of color in her cheeks as she spoke such filthy words out loud. Kylo smirked as he carried her to one of the larger sofa that sat near the large window. “No one will bother to find us here if you don’t make too much of a noise,” he said as he laid her down. Rey stared up to him, her hair disheveled, her gown ruined. Her lips were swollen from the kiss. Kylo stroked her face gently. “If you could only see how beautiful you look right now,” he mused. Rey took his hand, kissing his leather-cladded palm softly. It was an innocent act at first till she discovered the urged to sucked at his thump. Her tongue dart out to lick him at first, testing for his reaction. Kylo’s breath caught in his throat as he watched her work at his finger. Rey slowly suckle at his digit, her tongue twirled around and all Kylo could do was not to moaned so loudly. A smile formed at her lips as she watched him struggled with self control. Kylo pulled his hand away suddenly before replaced it with his lips instead. His fingers trailed down to squeezed her small breast, making her gasped softly in his kiss. Kylo kneaded at the flesht softly before he trailed his kiss down to her chest. Rey watched tentatively as he lips reached the exposed skin between her breasts. Their eyes locked momentarily before he locked his lips around her clothed nipple. Rey fell back as a soft gasp escaped from her. The sensation of his wet mouth against the silk fabric of her dress was too much. But she wanted more from him. She wanted to feel his mouth and tongue on her skin. Softly she begged for him, and she was thankful that he was kind enough to comply as he continued to explore her breast with his mouth further. Rey let out a soft gasp when she felt his hand slipped between her legs. Kylo almost cursed out loud when he found out that his wife didn’t wear anything underneath. His fingers brushed against her wet lips, tracing them slowly. Kylo groaned softly against her skin. “You’re so wet for me already and I haven’t even begun yet.” Rey eyes fluttered as her face turned red. Kylo let out a soft laugh before hiked the dress up till she was bared below the waist for him. His eyes traveled from her exposed breasts down to her exposed womanhood. Rey had to resist the urge to cover herself. Never had anyone seen so much of her. Especially anyone with such a hunger in his eyes like Kylo Ren. Kylo pushed her legs apart as he moved down her body. Rey watched him closely as he settled himself between her legs. At first he kissed her exposed navel, they with his eyes on hers, Kylo slowly lowered his head till his lips barely brushed against the mound. Rey watched him closely. Her heart beat heavily with anticipation. She knew what he was going to do next. She read it in erotic stories before, but she wouldn’t have imagined a man would do such thing in real life. The first time she felt his warm, wet tongue dragged across her wet lips made her gasped loudly as her hip bucked up to meet him. Kylo continued to lapped at her folds, tasting her essence hungrily. His eyes never broke from her as he tasted her. He watched her as she squirmed in his arms. Kylo wasn’t done though. Kylo found her clit and began to suck on it. Rey whimpered as she twisted and turned in his arms. Kylo pushed her down though as he held there there securely while his tongue circled and flickered her clit back at forth, stimulation the small bundle of nerves till she was pushed over the edge. Her orgasm hit her hard. She had never felt such intense feeling before. Breathing heavily, Rey laid there motionless momentarily as she waited for the moment to pass. She could still feel her husband tongue sucking and licking at her juices greedily before he moved up to kiss her forehead. “Where did you learn that?” she asked breathily. Kylo chuckled. “I had a girlfriend when I was fifteen, you know. I’m not that at all naïve.” Rey chuckled softly as she threaded her fingers in his hair. “Well she was a lucky girl then.” Kylo shook his head. “I wasn’t good at it then as I am now,” he said before he kissed her. Rey could taste herself on his tongue. The thought should have repulsed her, but she found it quite arousing. “You must have many practices then,” she said. Kylo shook his head. “No. I just learn to understand woman better,” he said before he pulled her dress down. Rey gave him a curious look. “I thought you are going to take me.” “I am, but not here, wife. You don’t deserve to have your first time here,” he said as he pulled her up to her feet. “It wouldn’t be right to have consummate our marriage here either.” “Where then?” she asked as she pulled her dress to cover her breasts. “We have to head back to your quarter.” Chapter 10 : A Light in a Darkened World Notes: I couldn't find any clever title (It's a Killswtich Engage song btw), but here is the smut chapter, aka my poor attempt and sinning. As usual, I would like to thank you for reading, leaving kudos and comments on my fic. Your supports have never failed to amaze me. Every comment and kudo make my heart swell with pride and happiness, so thank you for supporting my first fic. The way back to their quarter had proven to be more difficult that he had anticipated. The taste of her arousal still lingered on his tongue as they pretended to act like nothing happened between them. It didn’t help his concentration though when his wife’s body pressed so close to his as they forged their way through the massive crowd. Rey’s cheeks burned despite having her husband’s cloak draped over her body. The massive black fabric weight heavily upon her frame. His smell and warmth drowned out all of her senses and intoxicated her with his masculine smell. Rey took in a deep breath and let out a shaky exhale as they reached the elevator. The tension between the two grew as silent filled the confined space. Kylo could feel the molecules of his body vibrated. The muscles on his body grew rigid as he tried to muster self control, or whatever little he had left. Rey stood there rigidly as well, feeling her heart beat frantically in her chest. It was unprecedented that Kylo was there in mind and body. The room alone feel very warm and musty, almost making her head dizzy as if she had drunk too many glasses of wine. Rey jumped as the elevator door opened to the corridor that lead them to her quarter. Before she could step out though, her husband took the liberty to picked her and carried her bridal-style into her quarter. Rey looked up, mortified by the sudden closeness. “You weren’t that bother earlier when I was kissing you down there,” he commented on her thought. Rey’s face turned bright red at the fact that she could sense him smirking underneath that mask. As much as this found gentlness coming from him, Rey wished she was content with the idea of having Kylo as her husband. She wanted them to move beyond this awkwardness phase wrought by his hesitation to be with her. She had already accepted their marriage and he as her husband. Rey wanted this to work beyond the political marriage. Kylo opened the door to her quarter with the Force and quickly close it as they stepped through the threshold. Rey reached behind the mask and released the clasped that held the mask together. Once more she was looking into the eyes of Ben Solo. His eyes scanned her carefully, trying to make sense of what her expression was. Trying to read her mind would make the game less exciting, he thought. He’d rather prefer that she would give him a bit of a challenge. Mindlessly, Rey reached out to kiss him first, but he pulled away. A deep frowned settled on her face as she stared at him confuse. Kylo was about to say something, but he changed his mind. With a cursed, he suddenly carried her to one of the massive sofa and laid her there. Rey stared up breathlessly as she aloud his cape to fell back, revealing the dress that left little to no imagination of what had transpired earlier between them. Kylo hovered atop of her, his lips crashed into hers and she could feel the electric coursing through them. Her body hummed with appreciation at the way the coarse material of his attire felt against her sensitive skin. His hand moved to grip her firmly on her ass before he pulling her tightly against his body. Rey instinctively wrapped her legs around his waist. The ache in her cunt returned once more as their kiss slowly becoming more eager. She could feel herself getting wetter by the minute they laid there. Her lips parted at the slight friction that his leather trousers had given her, and Kylo took full advantaged of it, plunging his tongue in her mouth and explore her greedily, demanding her to submit herself to him. But Rey wanted to stirred him further into their lust and she gently bit on his lower lips, causing a low rumbling growl at the back of his throat; the sound of which she found herself getting quite turned on by him. Rey let out a whine as the synthleather of his trousers continued to torturously teased her aching core. She could feel his bulge growing, and it was without a doubt that she wanted to see and feel more of his against her skin. With a loud huffed, Kylo pulled away just long enough to rid himself of his garbs. Layers by layers till he was bared from the waist up. His lips quirked into a smirk as he noticed the way her eyes drank him up. The first time she laid eyes on him back on Jakku, he had already made her breathless. He was tall and broad-shouldered with strong chest and hard, flat stomach that resulted from years of training. His tight synthleather hung loosely over his lips, which did a poor job at hiding the massive bulge. His face was strangely handsome in an untraditional way. Sharp nose, full lips, and especially those dark smoldering gaze that could see right through her, unraveled her piece by piece if she stared at them too long. And now it was the first time that she realized he was the one on the display while she was the one gawking at him like a fool. The thought made her feel guilty for wanting it more than he did though. She had always imagined that it was the man that would initiated this thing, but now when she looked back, she wanted this more than he. Rey knew and understand how dangerous he was, yet she made a decision of accepting him and surrendering herself to him, but he though—he seemed to find himself fighting his urged to want her in return. Rey reached for him, allowing her fingers to traced over his massive chest. Her short nails bit into his taut flesh, scraping it and wishing that it would at least drew out some sort of a reaction from him. Kylo could only watched her closely. Without a single thought, Rey pulled his body closer to her till she could feel his naked chest pressed against her. She kissed him possessively, and Kylo returned the gesture gladly. Her fingers threaded through his hair, her short nails dug into his scalp. Kylo broke off the kiss first, leaving Rey in a panting mess. His lips found the tender flesh of her neck while one of his hand grabbed her breast and began kneading it. Rey arched into his touch, moaning softly at the feel of the cold synthleather brushed against her hard nub. His lips moved to the column of her neck, where neck and shoulder met. Kylo nibbled at the skin before he suckled on it till the skin bruised. Rey whimpered softly at the feeling, only to find herself trembled as Kylo licked at the same bruised spot. His fingers found her wetness once more. Kylo teased at her nether lips cruelly, causing Rey to moan and begged wantonly. She could feel him smirk with satisfaction before he captured her nipple. A cursed spilled out of her mouth as his tongue flicked and swirled around the hardened bud while his fingers pumped in and out of her. Rey relinquished herself into his ministration, bucking her hips forward to meet his tantalizing touches. His touches were like fire, burning her very being, but he was also her lifeline. His touches brought her pleasure that was more than a physical need. She could feel the bond between them strengthened for every moment they were together. Rey held onto to him closely as the knot at the pit of her stomach tightened. Sensing that she was close to her release, Kylo quickened his pace till she was screaming out for her released. Rey laid there for a while as she tried to catch her breath. In hazy vision, she could clearly see her husband savoring her essence. Kylo looked her right in the eyes as he licked his fingers, which were covered with her juices and licked them clean. The sight before her caused her to whimpered softly. With weaken arms, Rey pulled him for a kiss, tasting her released through his tongue. A part of her felt dirty, but another part of her found it to be quite enjoying. Who would have thought that Kylo Ren, the fiercest man in the Galaxy would enjoying eating his wife's release and proud of it? Their kiss deepened once more, slowly melted into a heated kiss. This time her fingers tugging at his waistband forcefully, causing her husband to laugh. Complying his wife need, Kylo pulled away from the kiss and quickly discarded himself from the trousers. Thick legs, heavily muscled as his arms and broad-chest. Rey’s eyes automatically drawn at the juncture of his thighs where his dark hair and his manhood hung impressively between his legs. A soft gasp escaped from her mouth at how hard her was already. A nervous shiver ran up her spine from fear and fascination about her husband particular anatomy. How would something so big going to fit inside her, she wondered. She simply couldn’t wrap her mind around it. He was just far too large for her to go through without pain, but Rey knew she wanted this. She wanted to be his true wife—the wife that Kylo Ren truly deserve and not some whore he could fuck and leave. Breathing slowly, Rey watched as Kylo wrapped his hand around his manhood and began stroking himself slowly, his eyes locked on her. A part of her was terrified, but another part of her felt more turned on than she had ever felt. Rey grew restless, impatient, especially at the feeling deep underneath her skin that she couldn’t explain. She could feel the ache in between her thigh returned, her body flushed with heat and her nipples painfully erect, beckoning for her dark prince to ease away the pain. Rey pressed her thighs together, trying to ease the pain a bit, but watching him touching himself like so only make her wetter. But each tugged and pumped of his cock only made her becoming more impatient. She wanted his touch and caresses. Rey swallowed nervously when he crawled between her parted legs, his large body loomed over her small one. Kylo ground himself slowly against her, gaining another loud sigh from her. Kylo could see how nervous she was, so he placed soft kisses along her forehead and nose. Rey’s breath hitched in her throat as she felt his cock brushed against her wet, feminine flesh. Kylo moved up and down her body, kissing her lips and swallowing her moans in their hot, breathless kiss. “It is going to hurt, Rey,” he breathed vibrated against her lips as he spoke while he guided his massive cock to her entrance. He knew no matter how many time he could make her cum, her pain would be inevitable because of their size differences. Rey was a slight little thing compared to him. Kylo muttered apology to her before he pushed himself inside her. Despite her earlier orgasm, he was met with her resistance. Her eyes grew wide; her body became frigid at the foreign feeling of intrusion. Her hands feel on his shoulder, her nails dug into his taut flesh. Kylo gave another push further. Her heat enveloped him tightly for him not to move despite his instinct, which wanted more than anything to push harder into her and buried himself to the hilt. But he knew she wasn’t accustomed to him just yet. His will of control was now being tested as it took everyone ounce of his being not to obey the urge to plunge in and out of her relentlessly. Rey cried out in pain, tears rolled down her cheek at the pain. Kylo didn’t hesitate to kiss her in reassurance as he remained so still for her. He kissed her forehead, nose, her lips, and any part he could kiss her with his lips. Kylo would occasionally crooned softly as he rested his forehead against her as he battled with his own urge to move. His body was aching, raging with primitive need to feel the sweet friction against hers. After moment passes, Rey could feel herself stretching around him, and she began to stirred beneath him, urging him to move inside her. With a reassuring sign coming from her, Kylo withdrew a few inches from her. The movement was the sweetest torture imaginable: to be buried inside her and to only be moved by tiniest amount when he wanted it badly to do more. “Does it hurt?” he asked, eyes locked into her, searching for her reassuring sign. Rey shook her head no. Kylo began to thrust. His jaw tightened as he tried to maintain whatever little control he had left for himself. Kylo managed to find steady rhythm despite the urge to quickened his pace. He knew at some point he would not be able to control that primal urge that aggressively wanted to come out and took over his body, especially when his body was already enjoying her hot, velvety heat this much. Rey melted beneath him as she wrapped her legs around his tone waist. His thrusts were slow at first, but after a long torturous moment, he found his rhythm and his movements became steady enough to tingle her nerves with pleasurable pulses. Rey gasped softly every thrust and every moan that came out of his mouth. Every moment brought her closer and closer once more to that peak of climax that she craved so much of. Kylo was also close to his released as well as the muscles in his body tightened and strained every time he plunged inside her. Surely, that something would break soon enough. Kylo’s moment then grew more erratic. The room filled with the sound of flesh slapped against flesh. Beads of sweat rolled down his temple as he pulled at his last effort to bring her to her release, and surely enough it was Rey that came first. Orgasm hit her hard. She let out a loud shout followed by her body convulsing and squeezing around him. Kylo’s own released followed not to far behind. He spilled himself inside her. Kylo buried his head in the crook of her neck as she squeezed the last drop of him. His breathing was heavy as a sense of euphoria washed over the two. For a long moment, Kylo felt like his body floated in the infinite universe while Rey was his sun, warming his body from the inside—a sense of comfort that he hadn’t experience for a while. It took them a while to catch their breath, but soon Rey found herself being held by his large body. Kylo had yet to withdrew himself from her. She could feel his cock becoming soft while they were still connected, but she was content as she relishing in the moment between them. There was a sense of peace in both their body and mind when they laid there. Kylo hated to think of it, but for once in his life he found solace when he was with her and it wasn’t just their mindless coupling either. Rey had touched something within him that he was afraid to let anyone see. Kylo didn’t expect such softness could break through him, but she did it somehow. Lying their exhausted from their coupling, Kylo simply stared at the ceiling while Rey nestled protectively in his arms, already snoring softly in his embrace. Kylo truly didn’t want the moment to end, but he knew their future would prove to be difficult. Chapter 11 : A Differnt View Rey woke up to the warmness that surrounded her body. Her lids fluttered open at the warm light that pierced through the large glass window of the quarter that over looked Coruscant. As always, the skyline was already busy with traffic at the morning commute. Rey stretched and flexed her toes and sighed softly from a mere content. She turned sideways to find that the space beside her bare. His body heat still lingered there, indicating that Kylo Ren had gotten up not too long ago. Rey stretched her arm over the space where Kylo had laid and stroke the plush fabric lazily. Her body definitely felt the effect of their consummation whenever she moved: the soreness in between her thighs and her muscles were more pronounced whenever she moved as if she had exercised for long hours. Rey bit her lip as she tried to hide a smile when she vaguely remembered the way Kylo’s body felt against her a moment before he reached his climax. She remembered the way he dug underneath her body and gathered her tight against his larger one. She remembered the way he flexed his body between her thigh; his large body shuddered helplessly as he coated her inner wall with his warm seeds, and the way his chest heaved as if he had a hard time drawing more oxygen into his lungs as he rode off the orgasms. Rey made no plan to move from where she laid, and the truth was she was willing to suffer such soreness every morning if it means to touch and taste him over and over again. The image of Kylo looming over her, inside her, stroking her deep with his masculine flesh was far too precious to pass up on. She wanted nothing more than their moment to last forever, but she knew better. As the princess, she had duties to attend to and so did her husband. It hadn’t been fully light out yet, and Kylo had disappeared to God-knows-where. For all she knew he could be killing someone. A knock on the door made her jumped as she quickly grabbed the blanket to hide her naked body. The servant girl with the cybernetic parts from yesterday bustled inside and quickly shut the door behind her. “I see that you are awake, your highness,” she said as she gathered up her dress that scattered across the floor and threw it in the metal bin she was carrying. “Um..Yes, I guess I am now,” Rey replied as she tried her best to brushed her messy hair with her fingers. Rey found it difficult to comb through her messy tresses. Who knew what Kylo could have done to her in the previous night. She was far too busy focusing on other things. The girls chuckled softly as she went to the closet and came back with a bathrobe to give it to Rey. “The bath is ready in the next room whenever you are,” she said easily as she pulled the curtained out of the window. Rey winced and shielded her face from the sudden bright light as she turned to put on the robe. “Do you know where my husband is at?” she asked as she got up. Rey was surprised at how hoarse her voice had become. Her body was definitely sore. Rey arched her back and stretched out. She could hear her body and joined popped. Apparently the two never made it to bed the night before. Having sex on the floor was definitely not ideal, she noted mentally. “He is probably training in his private quarter, my lady,” the girl answered easily as she lead Rey to the bath. Rey sat in the tub with warm water up to her ears. After last night, she was sure that their relationship would be better. Perhaps he would open up to her more if not all the way. Perhaps, secrets could be shared between them. Rey found out that her maid is called Mia, and she had worked in the palace since she was 14 years of age. She also found that Mia grew up together with General Hux on Arkanis, a strange coincidence, but she decided the girl must have had a good reason to be there. After all Kylo Ren was the one that personally chooses her. “You must know a great deal about the General,” Rey commented. “What kind of man is he?” Mia looked at her a moment. She was obviously surprised by Rey sudden interest. “The boy I knew back on Arkanis isn’t the same as the man that serves the Empire now, my lady.” Rey turned and looked at the girl. The sadness in her tone was more than obvious that there was something more between the two of them than simple acquaintances. “I do not think I can claim to know him any more than he is my superior just as your husband is to me.” Rey pulled her legs together, her knees tucked under her chin as Mia washed her hair. “Are you still talking to each other?” “Why would a high ranking officer speaks to a lowly servant girl as myself?” she chuckled dryly at how ridiculous the idea was. “It would make him look very, very bad,” she explained. “Plus, I think I am quite content with just seeing from afar, knowing that he is well.” “You care for him,” Rey said as-a-matter-of-factly, turning to look at the girl. Mia simply smile. “He was a friend at one point in my life. Even if he had done some unthinkable thing, I still care for him.” she shrugged as she dried Rey’s hair. “Done,” she said as she wrapped the towel around her head. Rey got up and Mia wrapped a larger towel around her body. “A fine tailor is going to measure you for new wardrobes,” she said. “What’s wrong when the ones I have brought from Jakku?” Rey’s frowned. “They are fine, but the prince wants you to have variety of garments that suits certain occasion.” “That would be beyond my expenses. I do not have enough credits for such extravagant.” Mia let out a soft chuckle. “Don’t be silly, it comes out of your husband’s fund of course. Now, let’s get you dress and break your fast. You must be hungry.” Kylo Ren was already breathing heavily as he stood in the training ring with carnage of battle droids laid before him. The prince barely broke any sweat when he was training like this, even with the other knights, rarely anyone had given him much of a challenge. This was how he regained his focus. Too many things were running through his head. His wife, especially was certainly was the one to blame. Last night he allowed himself to give into his jealousy. He hated to admit it, but seeing Rey standing and talking with Poe Dameron left a bitter taste in his mouth. He knew he shouldn’t feel or let display such feeling, but the thought of other man looking at his wife was unbearable. She was his and his alone. No one should allow to look at her or be so close to her. Anger boiled hot beneath his skin causing Kylo to lash out angrily with the Force. The items in the room took the damage of course. Half of the light when out before someone opened the door. Kylo turned to find his apprentice stalking his way. “Perhaps the Emperor should build a better training droids for you to train with,” he commented with an arrogance smirk as he twirled the wooden staff. The young man was a few years younger than Kylo with a head full of light, blond hair that was past his shoulder. Pale blue eyes framed by dark blond lashes. In comparison to their physique though, Kylo Ren built much thicker than the young man by just the maturity alone. With years of training and fighting in the wars, Kylo Ren was obviously equipped with better form than his student. His shoulders and upper chest were more thickly muscles than the young man. His abdomen muscles still taper to a lean waist. His legs muscles were more like tree trunks, while the other man was simply lean with not an ounce of fat in his frame. Both wore loose-fitted black pants that hung low on their waists. The young man was now standing in front of the prince still smiling. “What do you want?” Kylo huffed in annoyance, his dark eyes followed the younger man carefully, reading his body language and thoughts. “I come to train,” he said nonchalantly. “You have been neglecting my lesson since you left to Jakku, master.” “You don’t need it anymore, Kallen. You are part of the Knights now. Your lesson is not longer needed.” Kallen scoffed as he took a few steps closer. Kylo took notice of this. “Are you too busy with your new wife, master? Because if you are, I understand it completely. She’s quite something last night.” Kylo’s head snapped. Kallen was obviously pleased with his master’s reaction, so he continued. “Don’t think one bit that I didn’t noticed how both of you disappeared from the banquet so suddenly. I must say master, you are one lucky bastard.” Kylo’s hand spread out. A choking sound fell from the young man’s mouth as he clawed at his own neck. The prince walked toward him in a predatory manner before he stopped just in front of Kallen. “Talk about her again, and I’ll make you wish I kill you, understand?” It was a cold promise of violence and bloodshed that he was known for. Kallen didn’t missed a beat. He nodded eagerly before Kylo released him from the Force choke. The young man was gasping for air by then, coughing uncontrollably. “Leave now before I change my mind.” The young man scurried onto his feet and left the room leaving the staff behind. With his palm held out once more, Kylo reached for the staff, only to find resistant in trying to pulling the wooden thing to him. Looking up, he saw her reaching out with her own hand, calling the staff toward her. Before he knew it, the staff flew to her and she caught it without missing a beat. “How did you find me?” he asked frown at his wife as she smiled proudly at what had just happened. “It’s not that hard asking the guards where your quarter is,” she answered easily. “Now I understand why you don’t want me here. There’s barely anything for the two of us to—“ “Rey!” he cut her off. His voice bounced off the massive wall, making him sound louder than he intended. “You shouldn’t be here,” he said again as he turned his back on her. Without missing a beat, she ran toward him with speed that was far too lethal if one wasn’t careful enough. A loud bang exploded in the room as Kylo met her with his own weapon. “What you are doing?” he asked, gritted his teeth. He was obviously surprised by her attack. “Spar with me,” she said as she dug into her heels and pushing into him, pushing him backward. “I want to know how good you are.” Kylo narrowed his eyes before he shoved her back like she weighted nothing. Her eyes widened at how easily he made it seemed. Kylo twirled his wooded sword around as he circled her with predatory manner. Rey in turn followed him, watching him closely. Her hand wrapped tightly around the staff. Before he knew it, she charged him once more with the speed that never ceased to surprise him. His eyes set on her before he met her and block her attack. Her skill was unrefined. It was raw and aggressive, almost to the point of being reckless. Her attack filled with eagerness and ferocity that he had to take a step back just to come up with plans. Rey let out a loud grunt when Kylo managed to pull himself quick enough to divert the attack into his own. Rey gritted her teeth as she blocked his swing. Her block was met with such a momentum that it jarred her to her toes while her skull vibrated. Kylo was strong, stronger than anyone she had sparred or fought against on Jakku. He was also far too skilled against her, but Rey didn’t let this stop her. For several moments they fought ferociously. The attacks shifted between them, but it wasn’t always long enough to determine who had the upper hand. Another loud bang exploded as Rey drove him back. Though Kylo was far larger and stronger, her speed was her advantage, but she couldn’t say the same about her strength as it slowly wavered at the sparring went on. Every movement was filled with resistant. Her swing felt slower and sluggish. Her staff felt heavier every time she lifted over her head. Before she knew it, Kylo managed to dodge her and completely discard her of the wooden staff. His slight push sent her back several feet while his other hand took hold of her weapon. Rey stumbled back and landed on her rear. Looking up, Kylo was standing in front of her with his weapon at her neck. Rey stared up, her chest heaved while her husband barely broke any sweats. Kylo held out his hand for her to take. Rey gladly took it. He pulled her up easily to her feet. “So what is your verdict?” Rey turned as she wiped sweat away from her forehead. “You’re alright,” she drawled out with a smile. “I expect more, but you’re alright.” Kylo raised his brows. “Is that so? Shall we try to go another time when you’re feeling better. I figure you might have been too exhausted from last night, so I went a little easy on you.” Rey scoffed. “Since when you’re so good at talking smack, Kylo Ren?” Rey pressed her body against his half naked one, her eyes glinted with mischief. “It wasn’t just a clever remark wife. It’s the truth,” a small smiled formed at his lips. “Oh really? Can you explain this then?” Rey suddenly hooked her feet behind his ankle and pulled at his fee, her hand shoved his massive frame with all of her might. Before Kylo could react, he found himself lying on his back with his wife on top of him. “You were saying?” “That was cheating.” He commented before he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her tighter against his body. Rey was struggling against his hold as she grunted, trying to shove him away. But Kylo once again had proven his strength to her. Rey was forced to tap out out before Kylo released her. “Now that was cheating,” she said as she tried to catch her breath. “No, that called being smart.” Rey narrowed her eyes at him before Kylo pulled her for a kiss. Rey was stunned for a moment while she lied there in his arms, but she didn’t complain. She gladly returned his kiss. “I think it was more being practical,” Rey smiled before she kissed the tip of his nose. “More or less.” Rey rolled her eyes. “Really, I mean I come here for a spar, not being seduced by you.” The statement caused him to raise his brows. Rey groaned. “You barely have any clothes on. It was very distracting.” “So do you prefer it better if I wear my normal attire?” “No, I didn’t mean that. What I am trying to say is you look quite…decadence right now.” Kylo smirked before his hands traveled down to her back side and grabbed her suddenly, causing her to gasp out loud. Blush settle on her cheeks as she stared down her her husband with wide eyes. “That’s the first time that anyone has telling me how decadence I am to them?” he murmured as he brushed his lips against the swell of her breast. His tongue seemed to find her clothed nipple quite easily. Kylo bit down slightly, causing her to gasp softly. “Now, you’re just being unfair,” she stammered when his hand slipped underneath her waistband. Another gasp left her lips as she felt his hand dipped at the cleft of her ass. His fingers were close to the tight right of her hole. “And how exactly is me being unfair?” he asked as his fingers slowly traveled down to her nether lips. Kylo smirked at her damp she had grown for him already. “I barely do anything and you’re wet already. What are you thinking, princess?” he purred lowly. “N-nothing…” “Lie!” he said as he slapped her ass with his free hand. “Try again and tell me what are you thinking of?” “L-last night,” she panted as his fingers continued to stroke her wet lips. Rey’s eyes fluttered at his assault on her senses. She wanted to curse of her body had grown to want him, almost like an addiction. “I was thinking about how good you were last night.” “Did you come here expecting it again?” he asked, teeth biting down on her nipple even harder. A jolt of pleasure shot through her, causing Rey to cry out softly. “M-maybe,” she answered lamely. “You left me too early this morning. We could have taken a bath together.” “A bath? Is that all you wanted, princess?” “N-no,” she answered when Kylo withdrew his mouth away from her taut nipple. “I-I wanted more. I-I wanted to kiss you, and perhaps touch you.” “You can touch me now, silly girl,” Kylo chuckled. Rey frowned slightly. “What stopping you from doing it?” A deep color settled on her cheeks. Rey averted her eyes away from his gaze as she spoke. “I don’t know how,” she said. “And I don’t want touch you wrongly.” Kylo chuckled. “Silly girl. There is no right or wrong way of doing things. As long as it feels right to you, keep doing it, see?” His had began to stroke her wet lips. Rey moaned softly in his arms at the way his fingers felt against her quivering flesh. Her lips parted when she felt his fingers entering her slick heat and began to pump. She was still sensitive from their consummation after all, and each touches from Kylo Ren felt like a touch of fire that burn within her. Kylo smirked at how instantly her body reacted against his touches. A mixed of arrogance and pride bursting inside him. Ren wanted nothing more than to feel her come undone in his arms like this, and it didn’t take long for her to reach her climax. A few teases on her sensitive pearl was enough to drive her off the edge. Rey let out a soft gasp as she came. Her body rocked in his arms as her juices coated his fingers. Kylo was more than eager to lap all of his reward clean as Rey laid there. “Why do you make it so easy for me to make you cum?” He drawled. “If this keeps happening, you won’t get any sleep at all from me.” Rey chuckled softly as she hid her face in his chest. She would be lying if she said she didn’t enjoy Kylo’s playful side. It made him a bit more charming than normal. “I don’t mind. As long as you like it.” Kylo let out a deep breath. A part of him glad, but another part of him also realized that the only thing she was ever told to do was to please him. It seemed to be the only thing she ever mentioned. “Do you like it?” Rey looked up. “I do, but I feel weird saying it out loud to you. It just felt like that’s all I wanted from you”. His attention was now fixed on hers. “I like the sex we had, but I am also curious about you as well. I want to know more about you, Kylo Ren. I want to know what kind of a man you are?” “Not far that far different from anyone else,” he shrugged. “No, no. You’re different. Dangerous and different,” she said softly as she reached up to stroke his face. “You’re so dangerous that I am still wondering why I feel so safe with you.” “You’re always be safe with me,” he said as he stroked her back. “Now,” he quickly changed the subject. “I think we need to get ready for the day. Why don’t we go take that bath you always wanted? The Emperor requested our presence after all.”