Prologue Luke said no. He listened to her story, watched the holo of General Organa entreating him to return, somberly thanked Rey for returning his lightsaber, and said no. No, he would not return to assist the Resistance. No, he would not train her. No, he would not even record a response to his sister. His public life was over. If he left Ahch-To, it would be in a box. He bade her a safe journey back and did not wait to watch her ship depart. Her words to Chewbacca, as she boarded, were brief. He was disgusted. She was disappointed. Luke Skywalker was not the man she’d imagined. He may have been a great hero once, but those days were behind him. She never dreamed of the island again. Chapter One He waited for her at night. Each night she swayed slowly towards him beneath the trees, their canopy blocking out the moonlight, and took his outstretched hand. He drew her towards him and wordlessly led her into the forest. She had no sense of time passing as they walked, her hand tucked in the crook of his elbow, he sometimes pausing to hold a branch out of their way. The hints of moonlight that shivered over his face showed his shadowed eyes, the curve of his mouth. Sometimes they slowed their progress through the woods to listen to the chatter of night creatures or the murmur of the breeze. Before she roused from her dream he would whisper a kiss against her lips, and she would awake with her mind still spinning. Every night was a little different, each time he held out his hand and she went to him. She remembered the hazy pleasure of the night before and relished the chance to slip into the same floating world. As they walked through the forest he bent to her, brushing his lips against her hair, released from her knots and spilling down her shoulders. After a time he stopped and drew her against him, fitting her under his arms and stroking his hands up and down her back as she sighed in pleasure. The dreams were her refuge. The never-before known feeling of being small and fragile, yet not vulnerable, was heady. She loved the feeling, wished she could bathe in it. She had always taken care of her herself, because she had to. It had become her very nature. But this luxury was so rare, so delicious. She wished to see him fight to defend her, to prove he would protect her from the universe. He told he would, his voice hoarse, and she laughed and allowed him to scatter kisses across her face and down her neck. He buried his face in the hollow of her shoulder and she preened against his hands as they ran over her body. His hands were strong, but their touch was reverent. During the day she tried not to think of her dreams. They were fantastical and absurd. She found time to walk in the forest almost every day. How strange to imagine someone she loathed so much in a place she found such peace in. Perhaps, after finding him in the forests on Takodana and Starkiller, she simply associated them. She should be frightened of forests, really. But they called to her the way oceans once had. She never felt threatened in the dreams. They were intoxicating, and when she lay her head on the pillow she was eager to be spellbound again. She told no one, because she could imagine their disgust. She only knew she didn’t want the dreams to end. Life on D’Qar was busy. Loud. The constant noise made her tense. Niima Outpost could be loud, but she was seldom there. Here she was around people all the time, and they talked constantly. Machinery blasting, ships landing and taking off. People rushing around muttering. Even in her room, she could hear people outside and in the halls. On Jakku she’d gone days without seeing people. Most of the people at the base were friendly. Finn was there, but she only saw him at meals sometimes. He was devout in his service to the Resistance, convinced that the destruction of Starkiller signified the vulnerability of the First Order. He buried himself in Resistance work with the passion of a true believer, and Rey realized he’d traded one religion for another; this one, at least, he’d chosen for himself. In his spare time he threw himself zealously into the social life of the base, making up for lost time. He tried to draw her into it, but every time she tried to fit in with the others on the base she felt like a liar. The first time a Resistance member had tried to kiss her she’d knocked him down and received a written reprimand. These people believed in what they did and worked hard, but when they weren’t working they seemed messy and casual in a way that repelled her. She wasn’t a casual person. She wasn’t comfortable pretending things didn’t matter, because they did. If things like that didn’t matter to her she could have had a much easier life on Jakku. Poe said she was reticent because she’d been sheltered, which didn’t make sense to her. She couldn’t remember a time in which she’d been sheltered or protected, never had to fight and guard herself against anything that walked or breathed. She didn’t have to carry her staff on the base, but that didn’t mean there was nothing to protect herself against. Everyone else there felt something she did not. They had a love for what they did, but she felt only a longing for that love, for that sense of belonging. She relaxed only in her dreams. She didn’t have to struggle to reach them, as she had on Jakku. Each night they welcomed her, and she slid into them gratefully. Maybe things would have been different if Luke Skywalker had returned. Maybe if he trained her she would have had a purpose on this strange world, where she was alone in a different way than she had been on Jakku. There she’d been independent, at least; here she was a cog in a machine. She felt, somehow, less significant than ever. She hadn’t known that was possible. She had the Force. She felt it, a half-hidden sense, one she couldn’t exercise. She’d been able to control it only three times, all of them on Starkiller Base. Kylo Ren had awoken it in her … or given it to her. Or maybe she’d taken it from him. She’d been scavenging her entire life; maybe she’d finally found something of real value. But when she took it, she must have taken part of him. She could feel it inside her. Dissatisfaction. A longing for more than this cramped life. She’d stumbled into the Resistance as a kindness, and somehow it was assumed she’d remain. The only thing keeping her on D’Qar was uncertainty. She thought, sometimes, that she should avoid the forest. It brought her peace, but it was wrong, surely, to need so much comfort. But the idea of enduring the camp without the relief of the forest filled her with dread. Maybe that was its own answer. She’d been on D’Qar for almost three months when she realized the days were getting shorter. She headed for the forest as soon as her shift in the mechanics’ bay ended and came out only when it was growing too dim to see, but the time she spent there was shrinking; she could feel its loss upon her soul. Soon, she realized with a falling heart, she’d have only her dreams to sustain her. It had happened: The first evening when it was too dark for her to walk in the forest after work. She felt uneasy as she lay in bed that night, and as she felt sleep overwhelm her she had the fleeting fear that the forest would abandon her dreams as well. But she opened her eyes and there he was, dark and beautiful, holding his arms open for her. She ran inside them and pressed her face against his chest. He cupped her cheek and she leaned into him, trying to push closer. He hummed his pleasure, and it was long time before they moved. This time with him was the only thing right in her world, and she wished she could never wake up. The next morning she decided to skip breakfast in favor of scraping out some time to walk in the forest. She passed Poe on her way out of the compound and told him she was skipping breakfast. Poe wished her a happy walk and turned when friends hailed him, the strange girl who preferred the forest to the Resistance soon forgotten. The forest felt different—vastly different—depending on what time she visited. In the late afternoon and early evenings it was mellow and sleepy. At night—in her dreams, at least—it was mysterious and otherworldly, a different planet instead of a different time. In the early morning, she found, it was hushed, painted with golden light and inexpressibly ancient. There was something overwhelming about it. She stopped, dizzy, sinking down on a boulder to compose herself. She buried her face in her hands, trying to get her brain to stop spinning. After a long moment she looked up, and there he was. He was tall and broad, his face unmasked and tender. She realized, then, that she was asleep. In her dreams they had only walked through the forest at night; this was the first time she’d seen him, the Kylo Ren of her imagining, in the daytime. His dark robes melted into the shadows thrown by the trees, but his pale face, shot through with the mark she’d left on him on Starkiller, shone clearly. She’d felt the scar under her fingers, but the moonlight had not permitted her a clear view of it. In the morning light she could see it … and see how his eyes searched over her. She wasn’t surprised. Even barely able to see him she’d felt his gaze pressing against her skin like a caress. How odd that she was aware this was a dream. Each night as she walked with him it seemed as real as life, and she never thought beyond each moment. Maybe her dreams were changing. “Hello, my darling,” he said softly. He reached out as if to touch her face, and everything went black. She sighed a little as she woke up. The best of her day was already behind her, lost with her dreams. She barely remembered it—she was walking into the forest alone; it was daylight, and he wasn’t waiting for her. She’d been surprised that he finally arrived … she’d thought he wasn’t coming… Rey girded herself against another day on D’Qar and opened her eyes. But instead of the plain whitewashed walls of her quarters, these were marble; she only recognized the costly material from a holo. The room was large and airy, with big windows and a bed like a vast cushion. The air smelled of flowers, and for a moment she thought she was still dreaming. Then she turned around and there he was, leaning against the wall. The scar she’d given him was vivid across his face, and his eyes were hungry upon her. Disbelief curdled in her chest. For a moment she couldn’t move. She thought he must have used the Force to hold her in place, as he had on Takodana, but he didn’t have an arm stretched out to her; he looked relaxed, even. As if this were an ordinary occurrence, seizing women. Seizing her. It was the second time he’d taken her. It was an ordinary occurrence. She shoved back what felt like a dozen plush coverlets and sprang from the bed. Instead of her utilitarian sleepwear from the base she was wearing a ridiculously thin shift embroidered with tiny flowers. She might have been excited to wear it if she weren’t here. There were doors at either side of the room; she ran halfway to one only to realize it was the ‘fresher; she didn’t want the ‘fresher, she wanted a way out. Kylo Ren was between her and the other door, so she flew to one of windows instead. It was actually, she realized gratefully, a kind of door. She snatched it open and ran through it, only to skid to a halt. Instead of leading to freedom, or even a maze of rooms she could lose him in, the door led only to a balcony overlooking a lake. It was ringed with enough greenery that any other time she would have cried with wonder. But now—now she was trapped. She stared at the beautiful sight, unable to reconcile it with the nightmare that was happening. He moved behind her onto the balcony and reached his arms around her to rest them on the railing, boxing her in. “I thought you’d like it here. I know there will be a period of adjustment, but I did it for both of us. You were miserable on D’Qar. It hurt me. Your loneliness was unabated.” Her mind darted but settled on nothing. She couldn’t think, couldn’t begin to imagine why he’d taken her and brought her here. It could not have been because he felt bad for her. That wasn’t something you did for someone else. Or maybe it was. Maybe it just wasn’t something someone would do for her. Even Finn hadn’t noticed how disengaged she was on D’Qar, and he was the best friend she’d ever had. The only person who’d ever done anything for her. The only thing Kylo Ren had ever wanted from her was the map to Luke Skywalker. And to teach her, a little voice inside her reminded. Skywalker hadn’t cared about her skill in the Force or what she did with it. But Kylo Ren had. Back on Starkiller he’d held her against a sheer drop into nothingness, could have pushed her into it without effort, and instead he’d asked her to train with him. He’d thought she had something of value, something in herself. But wasn’t that another way of using her? He hadn’t offered out of kindness. There was nothing altruistic about Kylo Ren. “So you brought me here because you’re a humanitarian?” she scoffed. He laughed softly, his breath ruffling her hair. “No, not at all. I only do things because I want to. That’s a prerogative I’ve won.” She twisted around in his arms, facing him. He didn’t move back, even when she pushed. “You want me to be a pawn for Snoke, like you.” “I’d never want you to be a pawn.” Her gaze sharpened. “You want me to help you defeat him.” “There’s nothing to defeat. I vanquished him before I ever came to you. He’s dust. What was the First Order follows me now. But there’s no reason not to call it what it really is: The Galactic Empire. I’ve restored it, and I’m taking back everything that was lost.” Rey gripped the railing until it began to bite into her hand. Was it possible? How could the Resistance not know? Or did they know and were keeping the knowledge secret? She wasn’t someone the command confided in. She was just a mechanic, a cog in a larger machine, easily replaceable. Had they even noticed that she was gone? “So you’re…” “Emperor. It’s what I was born for. I’ve seen it in dreams many times, from my earliest childhood. Snoke was a distraction. A mirage.” Kylo Ren, the ruler of the galaxy? Kylo Ren, who’d killed his father and hurt Finn? Who’d kidnapped her and pushed his way into her mind, then flinched, his face shocked and vulnerable, when she’d done it to him? Kylo Ren, who’d looked at her with beseeching eyes and begged her to let him teach her? How could they all be the same person? “Where am I?” “My grandmother’s home world, Naboo. This estate belonged to my family many years ago. Do you like it?” She couldn’t answer him, wouldn’t. He knew she’d spent her life on Jakku; that was why he’d chosen this place. She knew it, knew he was using it like a tool to dismantle her resistance. The lake, the flowers, the lush green hills: She’d never imagined anything so gorgeous, like a refutation of Jakku’s very existence. Its beauty clawed at her soul. “Why did you bring me here?” “Why do you think?” She shook her head. Thoughts wouldn’t coalesce. Her outrage at being taken, her unreasonable ambivalence at seeing him, her visceral longing for this place: they all cycled through her mind unceasingly. He sighed. “Rey, you were dying on the vine. Why did you stay with the Resistance when they don’t care about you? Didn’t you know I’d take care of you?” He pushed a lock of hair away from her forehead. His eyes were tender and unyielding. “You wanted family, Rey. I’m offering you one. Luke Skywalker could have, the Resistance could have, but they didn’t. But I’ll train you. Everything you ever wanted to learn, I’ll teach you. Everywhere you ever wanted to go, I’ll take you. You’ll never be alone. I’ll be your master, and you’ll be everything you were ever meant to be.” Kylo Ren, teach her? Her thoughts darted until they blurred and became sluggish. She was horrified. Revolted. Even frightened. But not enough. Not enough that something in her, something buried deep, wasn’t excited. She turned again, her back to him, so he wouldn’t see her face and know. She was afraid, very much afraid, that he already did. No. Rey shored up her belief, the thing that had gotten her through so many years of longing and deprivation: It was impossible; she was not drawn to him. His dreams were infecting her. She had to get out of this house, off this planet, before she became as lost as he was. “You think I’ll just give in?” “Not at all; I know you. You’ll want to fight, you’ll try to fight. But you’ll lose. Because the one you’ll really be fighting against is yourself.” He pulled back from the railing. She didn’t turn, but she could hear him move to the door. “Welcome home, Rey.” Chapter 2 The wind brushed at her face, stinging just a bit. She could hear the calling of birds. She could feel the bite of the railing beneath her fingers. It was not a dream. Kylo Ren’s footsteps had long faded before she returned to the bedroom. She didn’t see her Resistance-issued jumpsuit, but neatly folded atop a chair were a pair of trousers and a long-sleeved shirt, finely woven, and a pair of boots rested on the floor beneath. She put them on and crept through the house, quiet as a mouse. She didn’t see Kylo. She didn’t see anyone at all. Then she was out in the lushness, the overwhelming beauty of this impossible place. She had no pack, no staff, so she moved quickly. She went in the opposite direction from the lake shore; there was nothing to help her there. The villa was at the base of a hill, so she started up, into the woods, not knowing what she’d find. She tried not to think about Kylo Ren or what he’d said to her. And she especially tried not to think of the unacceptable thrill that went through her at the thought of him. Her ability to ignore the ugly truth had kept her moving forward all those years on Jakku, when hunger and loneliness had threatened to strangle her. If she had dwelled on her grief and longing for her family, she knew her doubts would have overwhelmed her. She couldn’t have maintained hope if she recognized reality, so she had believed what she needed to in order to keep body and soul together. She knew, now, that her inability to face the truth had kept her chained to Jakku. She had waited for people who wouldn’t come. Who were dead, maybe. She had waited until BB-8 had needed her help, until Finn had grabbed her hand, until she’d boarded the Millennium Falcon and flown off into space. If she had faced reality, she would have found a way to leave Jakku before that. She would never have met Han Solo or General Organa. She would never have walked in her dreams with Kylo Ren, and never been his prisoner, not once, but twice. Maybe it was time she faced facts. Ignoring the truth had never brought her happiness, only bound her in stasis. But she had never in her life given in. On the balcony Kylo Ren had spoken to her softly, as he had on Starkiller. As he had on D’Qar. He surrounded her with beauty, and it was seductive. He was seductive. The things he offered, the way he looked at her. Everything about this place was designed to tempt her. It was like he’d seen her dreams and was offering them to her. You wanted family, Rey. I’m offering you one. She would find her family, her real family, without him. No matter what Maz Kanata said, her family was out there. Kylo Ren could never be like family to her. How could a man who’d devoted himself to darkness, who’d done so much evil, even pretend to want such a thing? How could a man who’d chosen to mortify himself in a mask and distort his voice—like he hated everything about himself—even want a family? He’d had a family once, and he’d thrown it away. She would have been so happy with so much less than he’d had, and he hadn’t even cared to keep it. What could he know of family? What could he know of what she wanted, what she needed? You wouldn’t just be a cog to him , something inside her whispered. He’d come for her twice. The first time for what she knew, but this time for herself. To be wanted for what she was, something nobody else was, was beyond her ken. She’d never been anything to anyone, but he saw something special in her. She tried to force the warmth that thought evoked away. This place was chosen to seep into her. That was his plan, she knew, and it was working. Already she wanted to walk every path in the garden, learn every tree in the forest. Watch the birds fuss over blooms and bees drunkenly bob in the air. You’ll never be alone. Rey shut her eyes. She hadn’t been alone on D’Qar; if she’d wanted, she hadn’t had to be alone on Jakku. She could have had any kind of company, all the time. But it wasn’t what she wanted. Kylo Ren didn’t know what she needed. I’ll be your master, and you’ll be everything you were meant to be. No man was her master. Least of all a dark-eyed, sulky-mouthed demon who’d pursued her from planet to planet. He didn’t want anything good for her or anyone else. He offered before, a little voice inside her whispered. He wanted to help you. He didn’t have anything to gain when you were at the edge of a cliff. Rey froze, remembering the look in his eyes. That had been real. She’d been too enraged by what he’d done to Han Solo and Finn to consider it. But if he’d made that offer earlier, before she’d seen him stain his hands? She didn’t want to think about what she would have done. She suspected she knew. It took her hours to reach the peak, and she felt every step. It had been months—since Starkiller—that she had exerted herself so strenuously. She couldn’t resist stopping once or twice, caught by the beauty of the place. There were animals she’d never seen before, and some she’d seen only in holos. Even the familiar ones called to her; the squirrels reminded her of the ones on D’Qar. But the deer here were much smaller, and didn’t start when she came upon them. They had no fear of humans, as if no one on the island would do them harm. She wished she had their confidence. From the top of the peak she could see for miles. On one side of the hill was the villa and its lush gardens; on the other, a thick forest. And below it—below it, a wide expanse of azure water. They were on an island. And she couldn’t swim. The villa was as quiet when she returned as it had been when she left, and she wondered if they were actually the only people on the island. A ridiculous frisson of pleasure shot through her at the thought. This was hers. She never had to leave it. She could let its peace and beauty overwhelm her, let its lushness nourish the soul Jakku had left desiccated. Unnerved, she pushed the thought away. Where she lived didn’t matter. She scowled at her lame attempt at self-deception. If that were true, why had she been so frantic at the thought of losing access to the forest on D’Qar? Is that why he’d chosen this place? Had he known it would send tendrils around her that would lash her here? For the moment she was trapped. She could only try not to surrender to the island. He didn’t want to hurt her. She accepted that. She didn’t know why he had fixated on her, but she could see that he believed in his own good intentions. But it was difficult for her to trust in the better nature of a man she’d seen murder his own father. How could he value her more than his father? A man who’d cradled him in his first moments of life? Watched as he took his first steps? Even on Starkiller she’d seen the tenderness as Han Solo had cupped his son’s cheek. With his last moment he had seen past his murderer to bless his son. She tried the first door she saw and pulled. It was unlocked, of course. They were on an island. Who was going to break in? The deer? She accepted, reluctantly, that she could learn from him. That he offered her what no one else did. Twice he’d chased after her—no, three times; he’d wanted her even as a planet fell around them. She wasn’t just one among many to him. Why did he find her worthy when no one else had? Her own family had found her wanting. Why did this strange, powerful man see something in her? What called him to her? What called them to each other? She wandered through deserted rooms, each more beautiful than the last, until she came to a kitchen. On a long table was a plate of food, and she helped herself to it without hesitation. He was keeping her there; he had to feed her. She ate things she’d had a few times on D’Qar, other things she’d seen only in holos: cheeses, cured meats, olives. Rolls with a crisp exterior and tender crumb, which she dragged through salty butter. Beside the plate was a goblet of wine, gleaming like a ruby, and she drank it thirstily. She’d walked all day without water except for a little she’d gathered at the stream; hands were less than satisfactory cups. She’d tried wine on D’Qar, but this was much better than what the Resistance drank. This slipped down her throat like silk and made her want to fill her cup again. “Did you enjoy your tour of the island?” She tensed and forced herself to finish chewing before she looked up. He was standing at the end of the table, as if unsure of his welcome. But an amused smile toyed with his mouth, and she found it difficult to believe he was actually unsure. He looked more confident than he ever had on Starkiller. There his face had been naked, vulnerable in every minute. Even when he’d been consumed by rage, he’d looked moments from tears. Here, in this palace, he’d shed whatever weakness had kept him a mere knight. Perhaps killing Snoke had freed him. She stared at him, envying his assurance and wishing she had more food. And wine. As if in answer to her thought he placed a bowl of fruit in front of her and refilled her goblet, then settled down across from her. She hadn’t felt him in her mind. She looked at him sharply, but his expression was bland. She grabbed a handful of small mauve berries from the bowl and tossed a couple in her mouth. They were squashy and very sweet. She reached out again and snagged a dark fruit with a papery peel of swirled deep reds and purples and pulled it apart, eager to taste its flesh. But there was no flesh to taste, only a welter of small lumps. She stared at it, uncomprehending, until Kylo reached over and dug his fingers into it. He pulled back with a handful of glistening bits, holding his hand out to show her. He plucked out one and popped it in his mouth, then a few more. He held out his hand to her. She was tempted to ignore it. To ignore him. But she didn’t think that would work, even if he weren’t in front of her. Ignoring him brought her nothing but dreams of him. Dreams she hadn’t wanted to leave. She met his eyes and reached out, dug out a few seeds, and placed them between her lips. She bit down and tart juice sprang over her tongue. It washed away the cloying sweetness of the berries. It was dark and sharp, and she wanted more. She didn’t let herself reach for them. “Why do you want to teach me?” “You’re like a reactor. Throbbing with power. It would be a crime not to teach you.” The juice turned bitter in her mouth. “No, killing your father was a crime.” He drew back, his expression hardening for just a moment before smoothing out. “That was the past.” “It was just a few months ago,” she shot back. “It’s in the past in more ways than you can understand.” She got back to business. “How long do you think you can keep me here?” “Oh, I can keep you here as long as I want,” he said casually, tossing one of the seeds into his mouth. A chill ran down her spine. Before she could spit defiance he held up his hand. “But I’m not interested in a prisoner. I want…” “An apprentice,” she supplied. After a moment he inclined his head. “Why is it so important to you?” “Maybe I enjoy teaching.” “Don’t,” she warned. He chuckled and shrugged. “Well?” “If you want to know more, you’ll have to pull that out of my head.” “I did that once.” “I wasn’t blocking you then. I think you’ll find my defenses rather more robust now.” “So how long does this apprenticeship last?” “It can go on indefinitely…” “I mean, how soon can I leave?” His eyes glittered. “I know what you meant.” He stood, inclined his head towards the door. “Let me show you the gardens.” She ignored his invitation. “Let me go. Take me to a city and I’ll find a way to get—” she paused, unsure of how to describe how she fit on D’Qar. “Home.” The label felt dishonest, but she had nothing else to call it. And no place else to call home. “You’re not going anywhere, Rey. Not yet. But soon enough that’ll be up to you. I want you here because it’s what you want, not because you’re trapped.” She shook her head, desperate to persuade him. “If you want me here voluntarily, you’re wasting your time.” His gaze was speculative. “I don’t think I am. But right now you’re just reacting. When you have a better idea of what I can teach you, what your life can be, I’ll give you that choice. You might find you want different things then.” She chewed on her lip. “What are you trying to do? Make me a Sith like you?” “I’m not Sith.” “Then what are you?” To her surprise, sadness shadowed his face. “There isn’t a word for what I am.” Despite herself, despite him, she opened her mouth. Before she could speak he held out his hand to her. “You’ll want to see the gardens.” She rose slowly. Walking in a garden at sunset with Kylo Ren—the real Kylo Ren, not the devoted gallant her sleeping mind had created—should repel her. Instead it felt familiar, even welcome, and her lack of revulsion made her blood thrum with panic. She nodded at him and was relieved when he started for the door, assured of her compliance. He didn’t see her slip the knife into her sleeve. Twilight on the lake was exquisite. A wash of pink and lavender dissolved over the mountains, and the water glittered gold. “I’ve never seen a world with more gardens than Naboo. The planet is already so blessed by nature, but its people always want to draw it closer,” Kylo said absently, fingering a branch of a flowering tree. Tiny white blossoms trailed down its length. “They love nature, yet they still want to declaw it. So they create gardens. They think if they temper the wilderness with civilization they can make it antiseptic. But it doesn’t work. No matter how hard you try, nature will assert itself.” “It looks safe to me.” He pulled his hand from the branch and held it out to her. A spot of blood glistened on his forefinger, evidence of unseen thorns. “There’s danger in everything, Rey. No matter how innocuous something seems, it has its own kind of danger. The more obvious risk isn’t always the most dangerous.” Was she mad? She must be. She had the urge to run her fingers along the flowers, regardless of risk. Their beauty called to her. She knew there were thorns; she’d never known anything without them. Usually there was no fairer side in compensation. He raised his hand to his mouth and sucked off the blood, his full lips working along the tip of his long finger. His eyelids drifted shut, lashes inky against his pale cheeks. She felt the knife in her sleeve, the steel chill against her skin, but that wasn’t why she shivered. She forced her mind to her situation. Now. Now was the time to use the knife. Yet still she watched him, and the knife remained undisturbed. He led her from the garden onto a lawn bordering the lake, then stopped at the shore. “Do you want to leave? Really?” She jerked her head in a nod, not trusting herself to speak. “You’re powerful in the Force, Rey. The strongest raw power I’ve ever seen. You’ll learn quickly if you want to. You’ll be able to do things you’ve never dreamed of.” She flinched, images from her dreams crowding her mind. She hadn’t been the least bit concerned with power in her dreams. Only him. “I’m going to teach you. And if you want to leave—really leave—the way is simple.” He raised one arm, reaching it out to the lake. His hand flexed, implored. Ordered. The water began to shift, then boil. A shuttle broke the surface, water pouring off it. Kylo raised his hand further, and the ship rose above the water completely. Rey gasped, taking an involuntary step forward. Then Kylo relaxed his arm, and the shuttle plunged back into the lake and slowly sank from view. He turned back to her. “When you can raise that, you can leave.” He gave her an unreadable glance and walked back to the house, leaving her in the faltering light. She stayed by the lake as night overtook the sky. She cast her mind back to when she’d pushed into him months before, but found nothing useful. She thought of how she’d convinced the stormtrooper to release her shackles, and centered herself on that memory. She felt the Force spark inside her, and stretched her arm out and willed the shuttle to rise. The water didn’t even stir. Chapter 3 : Three The sky was different, somehow. Instead of the canopy of D’Qar’s forest she could see stars sparkling down at her, and there were three moons, not the single moon whose light barely touched the woodland floor. But he was unchanged, dark and alluring and reaching for her, always reaching. Even when she was awake he always reached for her, and in her dreams his longing was unhidden. The light from the moons threw the strange, beautiful planes of his face into relief. She couldn’t see his eyes, not yet, but knew his gaze was locked on her. What was in the sky didn’t matter; she was his only star. Even in this foreign place the knowledge warmed her. As she approached him she could see his eyes glittering, and she was glad, painfully glad, that these dreams had not left her. Her visions of Ahch-To had died after her failure with Luke Skywalker, but these twisted, exquisite moments with her enemy’s shadow continued to sustain her. He was every path not walked, every temptation she’d ever resisted. In her dreams she didn’t have to regret what couldn’t be. She could have what she wanted and never think of the consequences. Was he really her enemy? He’d taken her, stolen his way into her mind, fought her. Surely they were enemies. But as she accepted his hand and he drew her close, she couldn’t believe that. Her dreams couldn’t lie that badly, surely. He pushed her hair back, framing her face with his hands and stroking his thumbs against her cheeks. She shivered and he bent to her, brushing kisses against her brow, her cheeks. Her eyelids drifted down and she felt his lips whisper against them. His hands sifted through her hair, drugging her, and he murmured sweet promises against her skin. She buried her head against his chest, reveling in his adoration. Finally he wrapped an arm around her and drew her down the path, stopping every time she admired a moon-drunk blossom to break it off and press it into her hands. A hypnotic sound lured them off the path, and a tangle of bushes and trees gave way to reveal a statue, a woman whose hair was caught up with flowers, tipping a vase from which water flowed. The sound it made as it joined the pool below was nothing like the trickle of water stintingly provided in the showers at Niima Outpost. It was everything she’d ever wanted, without end. As lovely as her dreams of D’Qar had been, and as much as she’d needed them, they paled next to this. Mist from the fountain feathered against her face, and she sighed. Behind her Kylo laughed softly, pulling the flowers from her arms and scattering them in the water. As they drifted she exclaimed in pleasure, and he pulled her close. She let her head fall back against him, humming with contentment. She never wanted this dream to end. This time when she awoke she knew exactly where she was: a prison disguised as a paradise, held by a murderer who wanted to shape her in his image. Staring at the ceiling the night before, she had realized, stupidly, unforgivably late, that he knew the location of the Resistance base. Had he removed her in order to facilitate its conquest … or its destruction? Finn was there, and BB-8, and General Organa. Almost the entire Resistance. If the restored Empire had attacked the base on D’Qar, everything was over. There was no way the Resistance could have won against a surprise attack. If Kylo had overrun the base, he likely had the coordinates to Luke Skywalker. Even now troopers might be flying to Ahch-To to complete Kylo Ren’s triumph by wiping out the last of the Jedi. And she’d been here, admiring the view and wondering if she should rejoin the Resistance when she got away. Staring at his mouth and trying not to think of her dreams. She’d spent years ignoring things she hadn’t wanted to know. Ignorance was her best friend. It allowed her to continue when any reasonable person would have given up. Ignorance and stubbornness were sins, she’d heard that somewhere. They were the only things that had kept her going. She pushed back the bedcovers and looked down at the shift she’d found draped across the bed the night before. This one was the palest peach silk, edged with a narrow green satin ribbon, like the stem of an exotic fruit. The tissue-thin fabric was caught at the waist with a cobweb of embroidery, each point crowned with a tiny rosebud. She resented wearing it, and hated taking it off. On the same chair where she had found yesterday’s clothes was another neat stack. Today it was a pair of loose tan trousers and a long-sleeved pullover of finely woven ivory cloth. Utilitarian, and in complete contrast to the luxurious gown. Guiltily she stroked the gown. It was the most beautiful thing she’d ever seen, the softest thing she’d ever touched. Surely no one on D’Qar or Jakku had ever worn anything so fine. It was of this place, this splendid villa surrounded by water and woods and gardens. It was a dream as fantastical as she’d ever had, yet she was awake. She slipped on the day clothes and the buttery-soft boots from the day before and went into the fresher to attend to her needs. The night before she’d found it overly opulent, as foreign to her as a world of ice or oceans. The shower rained water from several angles; the bathtub she could likely stretch out in full length. And there was a couch. A couch in a fresher. She eyed the bathtub nervously as she cleaned her teeth. It was decadent. She didn’t require such luxury. If she used it she might become accustomed to it, and she would miss it when she was back on D’Qar or Corellia or wherever she went after this. It was easier to go without if you’d never known excess in the first place. She knew that. But she couldn’t stop looking at it. Finally she gave up and forced herself to leave the bathroom. It was tempting, all of it. But there was nothing she needed here. Everything he offered was designed to tempt her. He’d reached into her mind, into her soul, and teased out every worn hope and half-realized desire and shaped them until they were fresh and perfect and glistening with dew and then presented them to her, and she could no more look away than she could stop breathing. Why, when he had her helpless, was he showing her his hand instead of a blade? What did he hope to gain? A willing apprentice , she told herself. That was the extent of his interest and his kindness both. She remembered struggling to her senses back in the snow on Starkiller and seeing him ignore his lightsaber to strike Finn with his fist, as if the saber could not adequately express his anger. It was shocking, somehow more so than watching him slice Finn’s back open. He was a man of impulses, not restraint. So how long until his patience with her ended? The house again seemed deserted as she walked downstairs, the only sounds made by her. For the second time she had the sensation of being the only one there, a passerby wandering through a ghost house. In the kitchen there was again a bowl of fruit and a plate of cheeses and rolls, with little pots of jam and marmalade untouched beside it. This time some of the rolls were iced and had little pieces of fruit embedded in them. There was a goblet again, this time full of a translucent green juice that proved pleasantly tart when she took a sip. She pulled out her favorite fruits from the night before, including the mysterious reddish-purple globe with the little seeds. The mauve berries were nowhere to be seen. Perhaps Kylo Ren had eaten them all. She thought of him devouring them, the soft flesh giving way to his strong teeth, the juices flowing over his tongue, and flushed. “Did you sleep well?” Rey jerked around. He was standing in the doorway, straight and tall, the corners of his mouth curling up just a little. She fought the impulse to look away, and glared instead. He sighed. “Are you finished with your breakfast?” She nodded. The last few minutes she’d simply been tearing bread into little pieces. He turned to leave, obviously expecting her to follow, but her words stopped him. “Did you attack them?” He swung around. “The Resistance?” She nodded, fearing the answer but needing to hear it. A scowl passed over his face so quickly it was as if she’d imagined it. “No.” “Why didn’t you?” “There was no need.” She laughed once, humorlessly. “You’ve declared yourself emperor of an opposing power.” His face was shuttered now. “I got what I came for.” “It’s headquarters for the Resistance. Why would you leave it intact?” “I didn’t want to risk drawing fire as we left.” Her skepticism must have showed in her face; this time he barked out a laugh. “You always shoot first,” he noted, his tone somewhere between admiration and disbelief. “Sometimes the most effective shot is the one you don’t take.” “So what are you planning to do?” “Train you.” “I mean about the base,” she corrected impatiently. “Right now my only plan is to train you. Perhaps you can be a good influence.” This time when he turned he didn’t stop. She didn’t move for a long moment, absorbing his words. She found it difficult to believe that he would be open to any kind of influence from her. He’d followed a monster for years and then taken over his place. But he’d always been gentle with her, strangely so. Finn had described how Kylo Ren had carried her cradled in his arms; Poe had told her how roughly Kylo had interrogated him. Even before he’d realized she was Force-sensitive, he’d treated her with care. She didn’t trust him, she couldn’t. Yet she couldn’t dismiss his words. She followed him into a small room she’d never seen before. The furniture was pushed to the sides of the room, and at the center of the floor were two woven mats. He curled his long body low to sit on the mat, then gestured to the other. After a moment she sat down opposite him. “Are you telling the truth?” His expression was calm, his voice even. “I’ve never lied to you, Rey.” She opened her mouth to ask another question, but before she could even formulate it, he reached into his pocket and produced one of the mauve berries that had been missing from breakfast. “You didn’t like these, did you?” She shook her head. “Too sweet for you?” His eyes were avid, and she felt like he was talking about something else. Rey nodded suspiciously. “After years of bitterness it can be hard to accept sweetness.” She couldn’t pull her gaze from his. She felt caught. “Do you like them?” His mouth quirked. “No. They’re squishy and sickening.” “So you don’t like sweetness either.” His eyes gleamed. “I crave sweetness. But tahani berries are for children. My tastes are more complex.” “Then what are you doing with that?” He reached out and placed the berry on the floor between them. “Move that.” She lifted her hand and felt it pushed back to the floor. Kylo hadn’t budged. “With the Force.” Rey bit her lip. Her first attempts at using the Force had been under tremendous strain. She’d heard of impossible things accomplished under great pressure, had done some of them herself—dragging herself through vast wrecks when she hadn’t eaten in days, made drops of water last far longer than they should have when waiting out endless sandstorms—but this wasn’t a life or death situation. She was sitting on the floor of a palace; the draperies looked to be spun gold. At breakfast she’d eaten until she could swallow no more, and her clothes were softer than anything that had ever passed through the bazaar at Niima, even on the back of the richest visitor. She was being held by a man who’d once strapped her into an interrogation chair, yet her pulse was calm. She’d tried to use the Force on D’Qar; it had been as if those times she’d channeled it on Starkiller had been someone else’s memory. And right now it felt no closer than that, and this cruelly seductive island didn’t feel like a threat, no matter what might be lurking. Even the man sitting opposite her. “Concentrate on it,” Kylo said softly, his gaze on the berry. “Think about what you want it to do. There’s nothing holding it where it is. The Force is more powerful than inertia. Your will is more powerful. Let your will reach out … touch it … nudge it forward…” She concentrated, her mind stretching out, attempting to feel the berry in a way her hand couldn’t. She tried to remember the way she’d called Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber to it, how she had drawn it past Kylo Ren, despite his years of training and immersion in the Force. She had known that she was supposed to have it, and she hadn’t hesitated. The only hesitation had come once it was in her hand and she had to nudge herself to ignite the sword. But calling it to her, that had been easy. She wanted it and it happened. That experience taught her nothing useful, only that she could do things beyond her imagination. The knowledge, bare of application, taunted her. She dug back further, to the interrogation chamber. She recalled the feel of Kylo’s mind brushing against hers, then pushing inside, making a place for itself among her thoughts and memories. He had no right; shoving him out had been instinctive, just like calling the saber to her. Even pushing into his mind had been easy, an extension of forcing him out of hers. Push-pull, their wills abutting, entwining, then deflecting, just like when they fought in the snow. There: The stormtrooper who’d released her. She’d had to fight for that, her talent lying dormant without Kylo’s spark igniting it. She remembered the false starts, the fumbling attempts to gather the threads of the Force, the chilly, remote certainty when she channeled it. She felt, now, for those traces, felt them slip over her, past her. She could sense them swirling around Kylo Ren, like he was a magnet and she had nothing to offer. She reached out, tried to draw them close, but they slipped from her grasp. She needed that emotion, the nudge that allowed access to the Force. Fear, panic, anger, she couldn’t access the Force without them. And here, in paradise, she was strangely complacent. Where was her rage? Her disdain, her disgust? She dredged inside herself and found nothing to motivate the Force. She reached again, harrowing down inside her and striking out with her will, but the berry didn’t even wobble. Everything she had, and it didn’t move. She ground her teeth. “Maybe Snoke wasn’t a good teacher,” she protested very reasonably. “I studied for years under Luke Skywalker, Rey. And whatever else his faults, his methods work. Seeing me grow powerful under his tutelage only led Snoke to intensify his attempts to win me over.” She recoiled. “You knew him when you were training with Luke Skywalker?” He laughed softly, the faintest trace of bitterness coloring its edges. “I’ve always known him. He was there my entire life, telling me things I didn’t want to hear, things I didn’t want to believe. Some of them were plausible, but I refused to believe them. Some of them were preposterous, and I mocked their ridiculousness. They were all true, of course. It’s clear to me now, but he must have wanted me very badly to have tolerated such insolence.” “What did he say?” she asked thoughtlessly, then cursed her mouth its freedom. She didn’t want to know. He didn’t answer, his eyes gazing off, unfocused. “I almost envy you, not feeling the Force until you were an adult. The dark side has been there my entire life, pressing against me. When I did things that made my mother unhappy, she told me to ignore those impulses. That everyone had them and it was part of growing up to learn to disregard them. And when they were so strong that they threatened to strangle me, she sent me away. Instead of having the comfort of my mother I was consigned to a temple filled with strangers, where I was just one among many.” “What was the training like?” A smile ghosted over his face. “It was exactly like what you’re doing. Except I tried harder. I thought if I applied myself, my mother would see how hard I was trying and take me back. She’d see I really wanted to make her happy. I didn’t care about growing strong in the Force. I wanted my family.” For a moment tears stung her eyes, so sharp she bit back a cry. His childhood was a perverse reflection of her own, gilded with power and renown but marked by abandonment and longing. You’re so lonely . I feel it too. “But she didn’t.” “No. That’s something we have in common. Our families never intended to bring us home.” Her shoulders tensed. “You don’t know that.” She couldn’t believe it. Something had to have happened to them. She hadn’t waited all those years over a lie. He bowed his head and let the point pass. “My parents didn’t, at least. I only saw them a couple more times in person, short visits when they were passing by. They could rest assured that Luke Skywalker was maintaining the fiction they’d told me. It was the worst place I could be, really. The dark side will always be a part of me … and Luke told me I was wrong for feeling it, and tried to excise it. It wasn’t something I chose, and it’s not something I can live without. And when the truth came out, I realized that they knew, and had lied anyway. They lied, knowing it was tearing me apart to deny a part of myself.” “What truth?” “About my grandfather.” She frowned, not understanding. “You’ve heard of Darth Vader?” Of course she’d heard of Darth Vader, the most notorious Sith lord in history. A man whose power and cruelty was the stuff of legends. “He’s my grandfather.” The world seemed to shift. How was that possible? She knew he had to mean through General Organa, but she couldn’t imagine Leia being the daughter of Darth Vader. And Luke Skywalker, the great hero of the Rebellion? Hadn’t he killed Darth Vader? Now Luke Skywalker was a hermit, mortifying himself at the end of the galaxy, as if in repentance. She turned it over in her mind again and again, and it came into focus, unbearably ugly. “They never told you.” “No. I found out shortly after most of the galaxy did. A political opponent of my mother’s released the information. I was at the temple on Gallus, meditating, when a group of older padawans entered. Their families had been contacting them in a panic, horrified at them being trained by the spawn of Darth Vader. But Luke was off-world, so they came to me. And they were out for blood. If Luke had been there, things probably would have been different. He’s always had a gift for calming people. That’s not something I share.” She felt queasy. She didn’t want to ask, but she had to know. “What did—what did you do?” “I didn’t even realize it was real, what was happening. I thought I must be dreaming it. Then this padawan, one who’d been there even longer than me, threw a rock at me, screaming about how I had tried to draw him to the dark side. Accusing me of hitting him harder than necessary in practice, of trying to kill him if I couldn’t convert him. It was like he’d gone insane.” “What about the others?” “They were confused. Enraged. Then one of them….” “What?” “One of them turned on his lightsaber. Then another, and another.” “What did you do?” He was silent for a long time, and when he spoke his voice shook. “I’ve never seen virtue in sacrifice.” “You mean you…?” His eyes were unapologetic. “I did what they made me do. And then I left.” “And went to Snoke.” “No, not at first. I tried to get away from everything and everyone. I put all my effort in hiding my Force signature, because I didn’t want him or Luke inside my head, talking at me. I just wanted quiet. To not exist. But one night I started drinking and didn’t stop, and there he was, inside my brain. Reassuring me. Telling me I was wanted and respected. That I didn’t deserve how I’d been treated.” “But Snoke would be good to you?” Kylo’s lip curled. “So he said. And I was still so hurt and stunned that I couldn’t see the truth. In reality he was offering his own kind of lie. My mother and Luke had hoped to destroy the dark in me. Snoke hoped to extinguish the light. He told me my agony would end if I killed Han Solo. That cutting that tie with my old life would finally heal me, like cutting out a tumor. Family who didn’t want me, teachers who didn’t trust me. But it didn’t. I put my lightsaber through my father, and afterwards things did become clear. Snoke wanted to cripple me as surely as my mother and Luke had. He wanted to dig all remnants of the light from me and didn’t care if he rendered me half a man in its absence. That’s when I knew the only way I could be whole was to embrace both halves. I’m light and dark, Rey. They’re both in me. And they’re both in you. They’re beautiful. Embrace them both and you’ll be whole.” “And if I don’t want to embrace the dark?” “Then you’re rejecting a part of you, something that’s deep inside. The dark side is only a source of your power. It doesn’t make you evil any more than the light side makes you good. The Jedi did too many cruel things to still believe that lie.” She dipped her head, hiding her expression from him. It sounded wrong to her. But Luke Skywalker, radiant with light and content to do nothing to help the galaxy, returned to her mind. “How quickly did you learn to move a berry? Or a rock, or whatever you used?” He shook his head. “I was too young to remember.” “But you remember going to train with Luke?” “I could do little things before that.” “Just on your own?” “I taught myself, or Snoke taught me. I don’t really remember.” She recoiled. “You can’t remember ? You can’t tell the difference between what you did and what he did?” His shoulders hunched, a return to an old habit. “It was a long time ago. It’s something I’ve been doing all my life. I don’t remember the first time I used the Force any more than I remember my first step. They’re the same thing to me. It’s as much a part of me as breathing.” “He’s inside you,” she whispered. She was repelled, but also … outraged? A monster had preyed on him when he was too young to fight or even be aware of what was happening. It had seemed normal to him. What had Han Solo and General Organa been doing while an evil creature had been insinuating itself into their child’s mind? “He’s nothing anymore,” Kylo returned sharply. “I’ve exorcised his influence. Only his knowledge remains.” “He can’t have been inside you for that long without leaving a mark.” He laughed shortly. “Everything leaves a mark. You live long enough, you’re covered in them. You grow strong enough, the marks stop hurting.” “How do you grow strong?” He nodded at the object between them and closed his eyes. “Move the berry.” Was that his answer? She tried again, and this time she barely even felt the Force around her. She opened her eyes, frustrated. “Stop that.” His eyes remained shut. “What?” “You’re stopping me. You’re controlling the Force.” Now he opened his eyes. “That’s like saying I’m breathing your air. I’m always controlling the Force. That has nothing to do with what you do with it. It doesn’t respond to only one person at a time, it’s endless. Do you think the Jedi used to take turns using it, back when there were thousands of them? Focus. Feel your power. It will bend to your desires. It will reach beyond your body, beyond the physical, and shape the galaxy. This berry is nothing. It’s insignificant next to you. You, who escaped her chains in the First Order’s greatest stronghold. You, who defeated the master of the Knights of Ren the first time you held a lightsaber. Don’t allow your senses to lie to you. This is easy.” Another failed attempt. “I can’t.” “You pushed me out of your mind. You commanded a stormtrooper to release you. You called a lightsaber— my lightsaber—to you when I couldn’t. You pulled the knowledge of how to defeat me straight out of my head. I assure you, Rey, you can do this. You were born to do this. Before the Force awoke in you, you were incubating. Now you’re alive. Move it.” Before she even shut her eyes she could feel the Force rushing over her, thick now, almost tangible, and tried to grasp it. It slipped away from her, past her, and she reached out to him instead and pushed forward, just like she had on Starkiller. Then she had seen light and dark pulsing inside him, ambition and grief, anger and self-loathing. Now she was batted back before an image could form. “No, Rey. This time you’ll have to earn your knowledge.” She leapt up, her fists clenched. “That’s enough. This is pointless.” Kylo rose gracefully, his warrior’s body well trained. “This is how you learn. Growth can be slow and it can be painful, Rey, but it is growth.” She shook her head. He was lying, he had to be. He was blocking her, or blocking the Force, or tricking her somehow. Or else what she did on Starkiller had been an anomaly, something she somehow stole from him and that died when the planet had. And so he had given her a goal she couldn’t reach, no matter what she did. “There’s got to be another way off the island,” she insisted. He looked disappointed. “You want to leave that badly?” She nodded. Of course . He stared at her a long moment, then shrugged. “Fine. Take off your clothes.”