One She felt it. His darkness. She understood all of it. He felt her light. It was familiar, his family was of the light there was no denying that, but he was of darkness, though underneath it was still a small amount of the light. She was of the light, but had darkness. "You dream of an ocean." he said "I see it, I see the island." she looked pained, afraid, week. "Don't be afraid, I feel it too." he said. She saw the pain that she felt on his face, the darkness in his heart, she felt his emotions and it scared her. Then there was just them. No light and darkness and fear and hate. There was only him, and her. them. The grey. He knew at that moment. he wanted her to be his. As husband and wife, they would be unable to be stopped. United they would rise, divided they would fall. Grey jedi, the force called. Two halves, one whole. But then, master snoke called for him and he left. She needed him, he needed her, the force needed them to be together side by side, to restore the ancient path of the grey. Together they were to take down the first order. That was why the force called them. It was a mission, their mission. Together. She, who was abandoned, liked that word. It ment she had a place, a purpose. A home. Together? Them? Were they not ment to be enemies, but friends? Husband and wife? Not likely, but perhaps. Then she remembered that she was a prisoner, His prisoner, and she escaped using powers. Powers of the force? She was force sensitive? She knew that he was, but was she? Yes, she decided, She was force sensitive. A jedi? A sith? No a grey jedi. One of light and darkness. In the middle? No. More on the light side, not the dark. Together? Yes. Easy done. Light and dark balanced? Harder but, mission accepted. Chapter 2 : Two He felt her. she would be his downfall. His darkness would be used for light. And after living in darkness for so long, that though scared him. How he knew him self would be gone, no longer would he be Kylo Ren, he would be Ben Solo again after all these years. And when she was his he would banish the title Rey the scavenger, she was going to be Rey Solo. His darkness and her light apart were powerful, but together as grey jedi they would be unstoppable! Yes, together. Always. He would never abandon his scavenger, his soon-to-be wife like his father abandoned his mother. He shook the thoughts of her off as he entered snoke's holographic chamber. He knew even if he thought about these things that snoke would know and punish him, and she would have to feel him getting tortured and he didn't want her to go through that, he loved her. And her suffering because he was suffering would be a great advantage for the sith, two of the resistances best people would be down and they didn't have to many other people after Ben and Rey. So they would have to be apart as enemies before they could be together again. Together again. It would be perfect. He knew that his mother would be happy that he was returning to the residence. His dad was probably off somewhere not caring about his family. She had escaped from the restraints he put her in before he fell in love with her. She knew he was sorry for that, she was in his head after all. She would probably forgive him, but could he for give him self? Maybe. Then he got an idea, when they were more serious he would propose. He was thinking about her again, he needed to stop! Snoke would kill him if he knew what he was thinking! Then snoke told him he would have to kill his father and he hatched a plan. Chapter 3 : Three I fly the Millennium Falcon to the planet kylo told me to meet with him on, I believe it's called endor. I decide to check the sensors, just to make sure. Kylo and I have been in a relationship for six months now and are getting serious but still you can never be to careful with a war going on. When I land, I check the sensor again. I can see one first order ship. Him! He's here! I add the coordinates to my holopad and set off to meet kylo. When I find him, I check my surroundings then run straight into his arms. Then he pulls away from the hug, gets down on one knee and takes something out of his robes. Then I realize that it's a ring box! "Kylo?" "I love you and want to spend the rest of my life with you! Will you marry me?" "Yes!" He gets up and I press my lips to his, smiling like an idiot. "I love you." He says as he pulls away from the kiss. "I know." I smirk. Chapter 4 : Four I wonder what he is doing right now. What am I doing? He's supposed to be my enemy! Why do I have these feelings for him? This is wrong! What would Leia think? What would master Luke think? This is not good! I'm in love with the enemy! This is not happening! I'm in love with a monster! A murder! Kylo Ren? Ben Solo? Both? Yes! No? Maybe. This is love? Is this love? It's killing me! He's killing me! Am I killing him? Is snoke hurting him for loving me? That would kill me! What am I thinking? Is he messing with my head? That must be it! I want to scream and smile and see him and not be afraid to tell anyone about loving him! Love is awful! No, loving him is awful, awful and crazy and amazing and wonderful! Am I in love with a sith lord? Am I in love with the son of a smuggler and a resistance general? What am I doing? He killed his own father! I'm falling to pieces! I can feel him thinking about me. Wow the force is weird! "I think I love you, kylo." I tell him with the force. "I love you and will love you forever, I will protect you because I can't lose you, you are the light for my darkness darling." Came back to me. I'm in his head and I'm changing him! Did he call me darling? "Yes." He's reading my thoughts! "You should get some sleep, tomorrow is going to be a long day. Good night my dear. My Rey of light, I love you." It's late I should get to sleep. "Good night? Love you? What happened to us being enemies?" "What happened to us being engaged? That's stronger then false hate to cover up our love for each other!" "Why are you being like this? And what's happening tomorrow?" "I love you! And only our wedding!" "Our what?!?!" "Wedding. You know, the special day when two people join together in marriage." Great now we're fighting like an old married couple. "We'll be just that in like sixty years!" "Oh, shut up!" "Good night, love you!" "Love you too!" "Ha! I knew it!" "Go to sleep!" "Good night, see you tomorrow!" "See you tomorrow." What am I going to do?