Revanchists He is much taller than you, so much taller that could somewhat hover over you, casting a shadow over you. “We are the Knights of Ren, little girl.” He’s mocking you, he has been this whole night. You swayed your hips the right and leaning on right leg. “Knights of Ren, uh?” You can see more of his boyband stand behind him. Five to six you count in your head. You smirked, “Never heard of them.” The man in front of you scowled ready to say something back but you beat him to it. “But I’m sure you have heard of the Revanchists. ” He raised an eyebrow seeing your the rim of your leather jacket glow red like in those rave concerts. “Revanchists?” He said to himself then looked behind him at his gang. All of them shrugged. “If you haven't,” then other people in the club that the tall man hadn't notice started to come behind the woman. Some with similar jackets. Seven, from what the man could see. She has one more than him. He glared down at her as she spoke again. “Now you will.” She took a step making sure to get in the man’s personal space. “Of course she was a student at Korriban Academy! It makes so much sense!” Ben was having a field as Matt was trying to patch up his older triplet brother, Kylo Ren. “ ‘Dark Lord Edgy’ look with a hint of ‘I smoked a deathstick like a cigarette’!” Kylo was not finding anything Ben was saying amusing. “Ben, shut up already.” Matt looked behind him at Ben who at this point was laughing. “Kylo, no.” He tried to keep Kylo from standing up and swing at Ben. Ben moved back putting his hands up defensively, “You can hit me but not get a good hit off ‘Edgy Dark Lady’.” That’s the nickname he was going to stick on you. Kylo hated it when Ben called him “Edgy Dark Lord’ and now he had to share that “title” with you. Bad enough his gang got their ass kicked by your gang without you some much as lifting a finger. You just watched with a sadistic grin on your face the whole time until he was on the ground by himself. Then you just walked off laughing. Kylo had a scowl on his face throughout the rest of the night. “I told you to stop with this Revanchists gang, (Name).” Your mother, Bastila was not happy with you after receiving a call from Meetra about a local bar fight between two groups (gangs) the “Knights of Ren” and the “Revanchists”. You huffed and looked away from your mother to something else in the living, ah suddenly the wall next the couch is fascinating. Your mother groaned, throwing her hands in the air, “Revan, speak with your daughter!” She called out the man who was trying to sneak out of the kitchen. Revan dropped his shoulders as he sighed in defect. “Yes, ma'am.” He teased as he walked over to Bastila. Bastila rolled her eyes and folded her arms on her slightly below her chest. Revan sat down besides you and placed a hand over your knee. Bastila nodded at Revan before going to the kitchen. “(Name),” You turned your head towards your father, “Your mother is just worried about you, okay?” “She has a funny way of showing it.” You huffed. Revan gave you a soft smile, “Us parents tend to have odd ways of showing our concern for our little monsters.” He pulled you into a headlock ruffling your hair. The mean look on your face changed to one of joy as you laughed. “Dad!” You knew he was trying to cheer you up, your dad is always like this. He stopped only when you said ‘Uncle’ twice. He let you go letting you sit up and try to fix your hair. “Alright,” He looked towards the kitchen door then back to you. “One week without any of your buddies going Sith.” He gave a serious look, “Just one good solid week.” You nodded. Revan smiled a little, “And the jacket stays here for that week.” “Aw, what!? Come on dad--” “Nope, it stays here for a week. Just a week not a month.” You pouted but nodded, “Alright but don’t let mom clean it. I don’t want her to ruin the LED lights collar.” “Deal.” You stuffed your cellphone in your messenger back once you sent the message of your father’s words in the group chat. You told your group about the agreement you had with your father and honored it, of course they would honor his words, it was your father who created the Revanchists. It was strange starting college without your jacket. You felt naked not wearing your leather jacket but Revan made sure to at least to give your other dad, Carth, old republic pilot jacket. You liked this jacket but it wasn’t your jacket. You looked down at your class schedule making sure you walked to the right classroom, or rather lecture hall. Room 103R: Anthropology . You looked up then down at your paper then looked inside the room seeing it was empty. You’re early so you get pick a seat anywhere. You opened the door and left it open because you are just nice like that for anyone else who might come early too. You looked around the room before walking up the small chairs and taking a seat in the middle row to the left. You placed your bag on the white table taking out your phone to see the time. Only ten minutes until class starts-- “You!” His eyes, those generic dark brown eyes that had a odd hit of gold if one is to really examine his eyes, stared back at your (color) eyes. You stood up ready to fight the punk but growled sitting back down in your seat when you remembered your deal. You just stared at each other hard. “Still able to walk outside after getting your ass kick, Kylo?” Yeah you remembered his name, how could you not?! His name was ridiculous! “You got some guts walking around in broad daylight, (Name).” You were not surprised that Kylo remembered your name, after all you left quite the impression on him. “Oh I’m pretty sure all humans walk in broad daylight.” You placed your hands on top of the table. Kylo came up the small stairs towards you. He stood over you then lean down about to say something to you but then the professor showed up. “After class--” “Sorry I have work after this. Please go schedule a time with someone who cares.” Your voice was now enough for him to hear. “Do not think that because you are a girl I am below hitting you.” You raised an eyebrow, “Don't think because you’re a guy that I won't break your legs.” He moved back and gave you breathless chuckle before he moved completely away from you and behind you. Throughout class the man stared at back of your head. You rolled your eyes that pathetic way of trying to intimidate you. You didn't feel uncomfortable with him staring hard at you but it was getting annoying. You played with your pen in hand making sure to turn the cap to the left activating the laser pointed, you moved your pen to the side so the laser went over your shoulder and to Kylo's face. Your smirked when you heard him slap a hand against his face. You chuckled quietly to yourself. After class was over you packed up and left the room without looking behind you until you felt a heavy hand on your shoulder. You make sure to groan loudly in annoyance. “I swear you are more persistent than my dates.” You turned slightly to face Kylo. “What is it?” You also let out a yell out of surprise when pushed you against the wall. Anyone passing by the two of you would have thought you both were a couple. Your hands made fist ready to deck the man. “Listen up,” He finally spoke, “Just because we are going to partners in this class does not mean that I’m letting what happened last night go.” The professor made everyone in class partner as part of the end of the semester project about human interact. He made sure that Kylo and yourself are partners once he saw how the two of you were acting. You rolled your eyes, “Long as you don't make me fail this class I could careless. Now move before I punch you in the balls.” Kylo moved aside never taking his eyes off of you until you were out of his range of sight