Meeting Starkiller “(Y/N)!” you looked up from your work cleaning the R-4 unit in response to your name being called. Your master, Daos, a rather intimidating man in his early fifties, was making his way towards you, an annoyed look on his face. “Have you gone to the markets yet today?” it wasn’t a question. You had been in the shop all day, which might have been fine if it didn’t mean you had neglected your other duties. It was your job to get the raw materials that Daos needed to make the parts for starships that the two of you sold out of the small shop on the edge of a small town on Dantooine, the world you grew up on. However, the only place to get good materials was at a city that was four hours’ ride from your home. “I can go now-” “Yes, you can! Now go!” he ordered, waving you off. You stood, patting the R-4 unit which made it whir in response before grabbing a bag and a stack of credits. You walked through the familiar streets of your small town, saying hello to some of the residents as you made your way to where your speeder was kept. It was one of your crowning achievements, having been a wreck before you found it. That day was one of the few times Daos had been truly proud of you. He had raised you practically your whole life, though you suspected he did so begrudgingly. You swung a leg over your speeder and raced off through the plains, the journey beginning as it usually did . . . until you noticed a plume of smoke rising from behind a large hill. You stopped your speeder, examining it for a moment before realizing it was a ship that had crash-landed. You quickly turned your speeder towards the wreckage, reaching it in a matter of minutes, your eyes widening at the sight. You had never seen a ship like this, its dark frame bent in various places with pierced armor from canon rounds. Tilting your head as you circled the ship, you looked for signs of movement inside the cockpit, seeing none, before you came to the boarding ramp. It was open. You peered inside, trying to determine if you should indulge your curiosity. Before you had really made up your mind, you were moving forward and soon you were inside the ship. Aside from things being strewn about from a violent landing, the interior was rather nice. The lounge you stood in linked to several other rooms, though the only one with an open door was the cockpit. Stepping forward, you examined the controls, happy you were able to recognize the general layout though you had never actually used them. Against your better judgement, you took a seat in the pilot’s chair, laying your hands on the controls, feeling the insatiable urge to use them to fly away, were the ship able. You smiled a bit as you looked out the transparisteel, imagining stars streaking past you the way you’d heard about in stories becoming so lost in your own little world you didn’t notice the figure stepping up behind you. “Who are you?” you jumped at the voice and turned around, seeing a young man standing in the doorway, tall and muscular, wearing strange armor. You stood quickly, stammering as you spoke. “I’m (Y/N),” you said, painfully aware of the boy’s eyes on you. “What are you doing in my ship?” he demanded, stepping forward and seeming to cast a shadow over you. “I . . . I saw the crash and I was just . . .” ”What’s going on here?” another voice, this one older and wiser-sounding came from behind the man, who looked over his shoulder allowing you glimpse of an old man, his eyes white as though they were clouded over. The young man shook his head. “Nothing, just a scavenger.” You tensed as his hazel eyes moved back to you, prompting you to speak. “I’m sorry, I’ll just-” “Master!” a droid spoke this time. “What PROXY?” “There are several squadrons of Imperial Stormtroopers headed this way.” Panic set in. A single squad probably would have been a rescue mission, but at the mention of several squads you felt heart beat faster. “Perfect,” the boy’s voice brought you out of your trance as he followed the old man and the droid outside, where you could see the white-armored soldiers on the horizon. The boy looked down at you with an expression half-way between stern and anger. “Get back in the ship,” he ordered. “What about you?” you asked, watching the troopers drawing closer and closer. He turned to face you, eyes hardening. “I’ll be fine, now go.” You nodded, making your way back up the ramp quickly but not before a series of snap-hisses made you whirl back around, seeing two blue blades in either of the boy’s hands, while the man held a green one of his own. What have I gotten into? Kylo Ren You had become an expert and knowing when to run. Now was one of those times. “You scammed me!” the weequay roared after you, pulling a vibroknife from its place on his back and barrelling down the street after you. You swore under your breath, though you knew he had at least some right to be angry. You had overcharged him for the blaster, but that was the norm in the markets Now though, you were immeasurably thankful for the fact that he didn’t have a long ranged weapon as you ran, leaping over tables and crates that blocked your way as you had learned to do so gracefully. The man’s yelling grew more and more distant, and with a wicked grin you rounded a corner and ducked behind a stack of boxes. Your grin only widened when you saw the weequay run past you unaware of your hiding spot, allowing you to stand with a feeling of victory. It was short-lived, however. Too fast for you to react, a hand was slapped over your mouth, pulling you against whoever it belonged to. You tried to scream, thrashed about and bit at him, but it was to no avail. “I’m sorry about this,” he said, lifting his other hand to reveal a box that glowed so brightly you had to squint to even stand it. As the light disappeared, you doubled over, dazed. The man behind you released you and you fell to your hands and knees, looking up to see him dash into the street. “Hey!” you called out, struggling to stand but managing to stumble into the street. The man was running, still holding the strange box in his hand. “Hey!” you yelled again, regaining some of your balance and going after him, only to stop when you heard screams. Skidding to a halt, you saw several stormtroopers of the First Order appear from another street aways ahead of you. At the head of their group was a man shrouded in black, his face hidden by a sinister mask as he stalked towards the man with the box. As he drew closer to the man, you felt your gut wrench, terrified of what would happen next. The man straightened himself, trying to hide his trembling form as the masked man stared him down. Everything was still for a moment, with just the sound of your heart pounding echoing in your ears until the silence was ripped apart by a snap-hiss. The masked man pulled something from his belt and a streak of red slashed from the man’s shoulder to his stomach and he fell to the ground. Your eyes widened in horror as the street erupted in chaos, people pushing past one another in a desperate attempt to run. You watched the masked man kneel down, picking up the strange box that lay on the street before he looked up . . . directly at you. He stood slowly, a predator studying prey, his hidden gaze holding yours for a moment before turning away, leaving you frozen next to the scene of horror. Yes you knew when you needed to run, but now you found you had lost the ability. Arcann “Identification,” you were barely paying attention as you handed over the necessary papers to the guard, who looked them over briefly before handing them back to you. He waved you past lazily before addressing the next person in line, obviously just as tired as you were. It had been a long day, and you were glad to be finally returning home. Not that your home was much to look at. It was another few minutes of walking before you arrived, finding the small two room apartment (a generous description) exactly as you had left it, your small bed unkempt and various trinkets littering the room. You laid your bag down on the floor and went about making yourself dinner, occasionally glancing out your singular window to see the sky darkening and stars appearing overhead. After your bland meal you slumped down on your bed, reaching up to a small compartment to where you kept your most prized possessions. It held your datapad, blaster, a few extra ration packs, there was really nothing of value to anyone but you in that box. Except perhaps the little (F/C) crystal that had been yours as long as you could remember. It was the most valuable thing you owned, and no matter how low on credits you had been you had never considered selling it. You picked it up, rolling it between your fingers for a moment before taking your datapad and beginning to read as you liked to do each night. It wasn’t long before you drifted into a deep sleep, welcoming it after a long day. At least until the ground shook and screams echoed outside. You sprang up at the disturbance, brushing (H/C) of hair out of your face and grabbing your blaster. You had not expected to step out into a warzone. Fighters flew overhead, raining bombs down that engulfed buildings in flames. Your eyes widened in terror as you looked down the street, seeing the city guards firing desperately at troops clad in white armor. You ran back into the house, desperately reaching for your belongings, but most importantly the (F/C) crystal which you stuffed into your pocket. Then you were running through the streets, away from the carnage that seemed to chase you. You ran until your legs grew too weak to carry you and your breathing was labored, looking through the city square that was now a battlefield. You ducked just in time for blaster-fire to miss you as you watched the chaos, one person catching your attention. He moved with a fluidness you had never seen, slashing his golden lightsaber around him as though it were as easy as breathing. His left arm was completely cybernetic, and the metal that made it crawled up over his white armor to cover the left side of his face, allowing only part of his furious expression be seen. More blaster-fire peppered the air around you, so out of instinct you pointed the firearm in your own hand and squeezed the trigger, watching sparks fly from the droids you hit. It wasn’t until your blaster was ripped from your hands did you stop, watching it fly into the waiting hand of the man with the yellow lightsaber. His exposed eye was fixed on you, and you moved your own gaze between it and the blade in his hand. “W-who are you?” you asked, trying to remain calm as you gazed into the eyes of death. “I am Arcann, Emperor of Zakuul.” Using his robotic hand, he crushed your blaster while he continued to examine you, before turning away. You used the opportunity to run. Chapter 2 : When He Sees You Again Starkiller Never in your life had you seen anyone fight like this young man. Not that you had seen many people fighting over anything worth killing for, but you had never imagined anything like this. He swung his blades around him in a way that mesmerized you, captivated you, made you forget that this boy and his friends were all that stood between you and the Imperial Stormtroopers that fired round after round at them. A stray blaster bolt or two was always there to bring you back to reality, though. It made you wish you had a blaster of your own. At least that way you could be of some help to them, despite the fact that they seemed to have the situation under control. Until the droid failed to notice a soldier taking aim at him. “Look out!” you yelled, though your words faded into the air, overpowered by the chaos of the fight. There was a flash as the Stormtrooper pulled the trigger, the shot punching a hole through PROXY’s knee joint. He didn’t make a sound as he fell to the ground, nor as he tried to stand but found himself unable. You knew he wouldn’t last if he couldn’t even support his own weight, though he still tried, swiping at the Stormtrooper nearest him. You tried not to think too hard about what you were doing - knowing it was probably one of the stupidest things you’d ever done - as you dashed out from the safety of the ship to the droid’s side. Though PROXY’s face was incapable of expression, you could almost see his shock as the droid looked up at you. Your heart was pounding in your ears and your shaky hands made it difficult to sling his metal arm around your neck but you had him leaning against you after a bit of effort. A shot that streaked past your cheek had you running, or rather trying to with PROXY’s bulk weighing you down. More shots followed, and the world seemed to slow around you as you saw a flash of blue just inched from you, blocking the shots that otherwise would have gone through your heart. Hazel eyes met your own for a brief moment before you drug PROXY up into the ship. You laid the droid down as soon as you were sure you were safely away from the firefight, collapsing next to him to catch your breath. The droid looked over to you, speaking in an unusually chipper tone, “I must thank you for your assistance . . .” he paused, waiting for a name. “(Y/N).” You replied, running a hand through your (H/C) hair. “Thank you (Y/N), though you might advise more caution in the future.” You nodded, resting your head back against the wall, the sounds outside diminishing until all was quiet. Moving as quietly as you could, you peered around the corner to see the boy and the old man making their way up the ramp, their weapons deactivated. They were at your side in a moment, the old man helping PROXY to another room while the boy extended a hand to you. Gingerly, you took it and were pulled to your feet, and awkward silence falling between the two of you. “I . . . um . . .” you stumbled for words. Luckily, he spoke up. “What were you thinking?” he demanded, not exactly the thanks you thought you would receive. “You almost got yourself killed.” You weren’t exactly sure what to say. “Your droid would be scrap now if I hadn’t pulled him out of there-” “You didn’t need to . . .” he paused, searching for words, “look, thank you for your help but we have enough things to worry about as it is.” He finished and turned his back towards you but you were still not done with your conversation. “You’re with the rebellion, aren’t you?” He looked over his shoulder at you, nodding quickly before continuing down the hallway to where PROXY and the old man were. They stood in the engine room, PROXY seated near a sparking heap of machinery. “It seems we will not be capable of flight for some time, master.” You examined the engine, seeing a large hole where a shot must have damaged it. “Then we need to get it fixed.” The boy said, making you announce a bit too quickly; “I know someone who could help with that!” Kylo Ren It took you hours to get to sleep. You had stared up at the ceiling for a good part of the night before you finally drifted to sleep, only to see the masked man again as you slept. Only in the dream was worse. As the man in black raised his weapon and struck, the man who held the box looked back at you as he fell. “Help me,” he whimpered over and over again but you stood there, motionless. Until the man in the mask looked at you again . . . and began walking towards you. You ran the other direction as fast as you could, only to find him in front of you, that baneful mask hiding what had to have been a piercing gaze beneath it. Again you ran and again he was in front of you, an endless cycle until you found yourself at a dead end. You looked around desperately for an escape, only for a hand to grasp your throat. He lifted you in the air, the man in the mask peering into your eyes as he leaned in closer. You woke up gasping for air --- His rage finally waning, Kylo Ren deactivated his lightsaber before hanging it on his belt. The holocron had been empty. Not a single piece of information was in it, and his anger could have destroyed the entire Star Destroyer, if he had let it. “S-sir,” the shaky voice of an officer pulled Kylo’s attention away from the destruction he had caused, meeting the man’s terrified eyes. “It’s empty,” Kylo growled, pulling the holocron to him with the Force. The officer looked from the artifact to him, clearly unsure of what to make of it. “How?” he stammered, asking the question Kylo had already considered. He let his mind clear a bit, his memory going back to the man who he cut down in the street, the sound of screams filling the air . . . and a pair of (E/C) eyes staring at him in horror. Realization hit him and he turned to the officer once again. “Prepare a shuttle for launch,” the man looked at Kylo, confused. “I know where the data is.” --- Struggling to keep yourself awake, you stood from your small market stall and grabbed one of the blasters that sat atop it. You busied yourself with cleaning it, finding it helped to take your mind off things a bit. At least, until you looked up to see a man in white armor standing at the other end of the street. Your eyes became locked on the Stormtrooper, feeling as though you were staring at doom. Your concentration was only broken when a familiar voice sounded next to you. “There you are,” you looked up to see the weequay from yesterday casting a long shadow over you, a look of anger in his eyes as he grabbed you by the shirt collar. The attention of the people in the market was diverted to you as you were pulled to your feet, your eyes widening as a blade was brought to you neck. “Please, I didn’t know that the blaster wouldn’t work-” “Shut up,” he warned, pressing the blade’s serrated edge closer to your throat, “you know better than to cross me, don’t you?” “Y-you can have your credits back,” you pleaded, seeing no anger leaving his eyes. “Oh I will have my credits back, but after you’re dead.” You kicked desperately in an attempt to free yourself only for him to slam you into a wall, making your head spin. “It’ll send a nice message.” You squirmed again, watching the brute move the blade to one side of your throat, the tip pressing into your skin and making blood trickle down your neck. He smiled, about to drag the knife across your skin when you heard a snap-hiss, and a gasp from the man as a blade of red light stabbed through his abdomen before disappearing and letting him fall to the ground. Only to reveal the man in the mask standing before you. He took a few strides to get to you, looming over you as he studied you through the mask. You dared not speak as he lifted a hand to your head, a crushing silence enveloping you before your world went black. Arcann By the time dawn broke over the smoldering city, it belonged to the Eternal Empire. Their soldiers marched throughout the streets and you did the best you could to avoid them, as did everyone else. You stood amidst a crowd comprised of almost the entire city, all called here by the Emperor of Zakuul. Arcann. You watched the soldiers patrol the city square, marching up and down the sidewalks. Despite Arcann’s message of peace, these guards told you that he suspected there would be some sort of threat to him here. Not that he would have much to worry about if that was the case. It had taken him only a few hours to gain control of the city and you doubted any further resistance would free it. Your gaze drifted away from the guards to the structure that overshadowed the courtyard, a palace that had sat there since the city’s oldest days. Walking out of the huge gate and into the sunlight was a familiar man clad in white. Arcann was still wearing his armor - which surprised you a bit - as he made his way over to the balcony, his voice menacing and deep as he spoke. “I am not here to destroy your city, but rather one being. We received reports that the Outlander was gathering resistance in this city, hoping to stand against the Eternal Throne.” Murmuring spread throughout the crowd at the mention of this “Outlander”. You had heard rumors about him gathering resistance against Zakuul, but nothing more. “We have confirmed that he was here. Help the Eternal Empire find him, and you will be rewarded. Hinder us, and you will be destroyed.” Arcann glared out at the crowd as he spat the words, leaving everyone in silence. He had the city under his control now, and even you had to admit he was masterful at it. The Emperor took only a few more moments to sweep the city square with his piercing gaze, his exposed eye wandering over you . . . and settling there. It was only for a moment, but long enough for you to become worried as he moved on. You watched him carefully as he then turned and left the city square, each of his steps deliberate. It took a few moments for people to start to leave, suspicion in their eyes as they examined each other. They were looking for the Outlander, you realized. Somehow, you doubted they would find him. If he were at all intelligent, he wouldn’t have stayed in the city throughout the assault if he had even been here at all. There was a part of you though, however small, that hoped he was indeed here among the crowds and would strike back against the Eternal Empire. A misplaced hope perhaps but it was something at least. When the crowd began to clear, you made your way through the city square, towards your home. You weren’t even sure if it had survived the night but you hadn’t had time to check in all the chaos of that morning. You had just taken your first steps down the street when a man wearing gold armor stopped you, his face hidden behind the mask worn by the soldiers of Zakuul. “You will come with us back to the palace.” He said with a steeliness that made your heart beat faster. More of these armed men surrounding you didn’t help. “Why?” you asked, seeing that you were surrounded. “Emperor Arcann wishes to see you.” Your mind was racing to find a way to get out of this situation. You couldn’t fight them, you had seen what they could do. Running would probably only work for so long before they caught you. Dread overtaking you, you nodded and began following the group back towards the palace. You had never been inside before, and under any other circumstances you might have gawked at the beautiful architecture that made up every inch of the structure. However, as you saw the white-clad man sitting on a throne at the opposite end of a large room, you found worry was all that was on your mind. His eye locked on you again, and he motioned you forward with his hand. It wasn’t until on of the men at your back pushed you forward did you realize you had been unresponsive. You slowly made your way towards Arcann, stopping at the foot of the dias his throne sat upon. The two of you studied each other for a moment before he spoke, his mechanical voice more calm than before. “What is your name?” he asked, the question surprising you. “(Y/N),” you responded, not hiding the curiosity in your voice. Arcann leaned forward in his seat, his eye trailing over your features carefully. “You have lived here your whole life?” Hesitantly, you nodded. “Yes.” “Hmm,” he stood and made his way down to you. He began to circle you, your eyes following as best you could. “There’s something about you . . .” he trailed off as he stopped in front of you, “I sensed it last night but I couldn’t be sure. Now though,” his yellow eye narrowed, “I can feel the Outlander’s presence on you.” Your eyes widened. “I’ve never met the Outlander in my life-” “Perhaps, but I can sense him. That much is clear.” He looked to one of the men in armor that brought you here, “take her to a cell. We will leave in a few days and bring her with us.” He turned and ascended the steps again, and you stepped forward after him. “I haven’t done anything wrong,” you pleaded only to have two men grasp your arms and lead you away. “Please!” you called out before the doors to the throne room closed. You could barely force your legs to move as the guards took you deeper into the palace before you were tossed into a small room, a ray shield activating to separate you from the world outside. You ran to the edge of your cell, watching the guards disappear down the hall, leaving you in silence. Chapter 3 : (In)voluntary Assistance Starkiller It had taken longer than expected to convince the group to follow you back to your small village. Ultimately, it was the promise of little to no Imperial interference that had won them over, though PROXY and the old man had decided it was best to remain at the ship - the Rogue Shadow - while the boy accompanied you. So now you walked through your small town, an empty bag slung over your shoulder and a hooded boy following close behind you. People seemed pleased enough to see you, though their attention was mostly directed towards the strange man following you. You couldn’t blame them. Even you had been a bit perplexed when you had first seen him, so you could only imagine what everyone else was thinking as you passed. Of course, what your master would think did worry you a bit more. So when the small shop that was your home came into view, you couldn’t help but hold your breath a bit. He would no doubt be angry that you hadn’t returned with any new starship parts, but you had a little faith that the promise of rebuilding one would clear your name. At least, that was your hope. “This is it,” you said, turning to see the boy shift his gaze to the building in front of him. He examined it quickly before nodding to you. Not one for talking, apparently. Returning the nod, you stepped through the threshold of the shop as you had so many times before, seeing spare parts strewn about and Daos intently focusing on a cooling unit he was repairing with a familiar intensity. You knew he noticed you there, and from the frown on his face that he wasn’t pleased. “How is it that you’re back already?” You lowered your gaze a bit, having never enjoyed being on the receiving end of one of his talks about how disappointing you were. “I . . .” you had run over what you were going to say so many times in your head, but now any words seemed to have left you. “I was on my way there and I-” He finally looked up from his work to see you. “And you got the bright idea to turn around without . . .” he trailed off as he looked past you, seeing the boy standing in the doorway. “Who is this?” Daos asked, moving away from his work and sizing up the boy. It was a fair question. “He’s . . .” you paused, realizing you didn’t know his name. “I’m Galen,” he answered, though you could hear a tone of obstinance in his voice. The name suited him, you thought, though you understood why he might be wary to give it to anyone. “My ship crashed in the plains. She found us and told me you might be able to help.” You nodded, watching Daos carefully and seeing Galen walk up next to you out of the corner of your eye. Your master stepped closer to him, examining him with a critical eye before turning to face you. “(Y/N) you finally managed to make something of being easily distracted.” Kylo Ren You couldn’t remember ever being so cold. Your whole life you had lived under the warm sun of Onderon, so as you now lay alone in the dark you felt more out of place than you ever had. Of course, not knowing where you were was a contributing factor. Sitting up, you looked around as your eyes adjusted to the lack of light. When they did, you could see just the outline of the room you sat in. I was small and completely empty, save for yourself and the bed you sat on. Though it didn’t stay that way for long. You jumped as a door slid open, the grey light that spilled in making it difficult to see. Still, you could hear heavy footsteps against the floor, stopping just in front of you. Looking up, you found yourself gazing into the sinister mask that had plagued your thoughts. “What do you want with me?” you were surprised you had managed to speak, and tried not to show any of the fear crippling you. The man was silent for a moment before speaking, his voice inhuman and deep. “You have something I want.” What? You had next to nothing, let alone anything that would be of interest to the First Order. But then you remembered the glowing light of the box that man had been carrying. The one that the man standing before you now had taken from his body, and you suddenly felt your gut wrench. “I . . . I don’t know what you mean . . .” you tried to explain, though he only chuckled. “You do.” Again, he raised a hand to your head and you flinched away. Then you felt it. Another presence in your mind like a shadow, seeping through your thoughts and memories. You couldn’t speak, only feel him rip through your thoughts as though they were paper, then withdraw quickly with a hiss. “Where is it?” he demanded, while you tried to recollect yourself. “What?” you breathed, seeing that he had moved in much closer to you. “The data from the holocron. Where is it?” Your eyes went wide as his voice grew in anger. “I . . .” you stammered before another voice sounded behind him. “Sir,” the man whirled around to see a stormtrooper standing before him, his expression no doubt one of fear behind the white mask. “General Hux wishes to know about the holocron . . .” “We have it,” the dark-cloaked man said, looking over his shoulder at you, seeming to be deep in thought, “but it is locked away. It will be some time before it can be extracted.” Your own breathing became more ragged. “Please, I don’t have anything, I don’t know anything about a holocron!” you pleaded, making the man turn around to face you fully. “You may not know, but you do have what I need.” He looked down at you for a few more moments before stepping away and closing the door behind him. Arcann You sat in your cell, your back pressed against the wall as you watched the hall through the force field as you had been for hours. Guards had passed occasionally, only glancing in to see if you were still there before moving on. Having given up on trying to escape some time ago, you now sat in the cell, your mind moving on to what possible connection you could have to this “Outlander”. How Arcann had managed to come up with the idea that you were somehow connected to the man was still troubling you. You knew little of him, other than the fact that he was very powerful and a veteran of the galactic Civil War. Of course, that war probably was the least of the Empire or Republic’s worries. Still, you had no explanation of how you were tied to him, but your mind had no shortages of ideas about what Arcann would do to you. Torture and execution seemed to be common themes. So when you heard the marching of several guards outside your door, your heart did speed up a bit. The gold-armored men and women stopped outside your cell and deactivated the force field, the one leading the group motioning to you. “Get up,” he ordered in a gruff tone, to which you complied. “What’s happening?” you dared to ask as you stepped forward. The man spoke again as he reached forward, grabbing your wrists and placing restraints around them. “We’re returning to Zakuul.” The thought of Arcann’s words was still fresh in your mind, though you honestly had just expected him to have you killed here so he wouldn’t have to bother bringing you anywhere. You were lead back through the palace, your eyes trained on the floor almost the entire time. This was your home, and you had never left it. You had dreamed of doing so your whole life, of seeing the stars and the hundreds of worlds that orbited them. You just never thought you would be leaving your world in chains. Arcann was standing in the throne room when you entered, in a conversation with one of the knights who nodded at something Arcann said before bowing and walking the other direction. Then Arcann turned to you. “I trust you are ready to leave?” he asked, making you meet his gaze with a glare. “What do you want with me? I don’t know the Outlander I’ve never met him in my life-” “I do not need you to have known him. You will accompany me to Zakuul and in doing so, you will help me destroy the Outlander.” You couldn’t believe what you were hearing. “I’ve never fought in my life,” you tried to reason. Perhaps there was some chance he would let you go, let you resume your life. Somehow though, you knew it would be in vain. “You don’t need to fight, (Y/N),” he stepped closer to you, making you tense, “if the Outlander has such a bond with you, he will come to you. And he will be destroyed. Take her to the ship. I will join you shortly.” He ordered the guard nearest to him, who took you by the forearm and led you away. Chapter 4 : To the Stars Starkiller You flipped your visor up as the sparks from your welding torch died down, and you examined your work in the dim light of the Rogue Shadow’s engine room. You couldn’t help but smile with pride, seeing that the engine had now been almost completely repaired. Daos’ willingness to allow you to even touch the strange machinery was surprising, you had to admit. You suspected that he only allowed you to because there was no way he’d have been able to complete the repairs on his own, not that it really mattered. You had so few chances to actually prove your worth to Daos, and you had worked tirelessly that day, just as you had the one before. Daos was still at the same spot he had been an hour ago, his focus completely on the set of wires in front of him, and you knew better than to interrupt so you stood from your spot on the floor and left, needing to stretch your legs. Kota - the old blind man - and PROXY had been patrolling for some time now, which left only you, Daos and Galen aboard the ship. You found the young man in the next room. He didn’t seem to notice you at first, sitting cross-legged on the ground with his back towards you. Shyly, you made your way to the threshold of the room he was in, watching the steady rise and fall of his shoulders. You didn’t know what he was doing exactly, but nevertheless you decided to speak up. “Excuse me, Galen . . .” you said, seeing him loose the tension he held around him. He stood and looked back at you, seeming a bit agitated. “I’m sorry,” you began, “I just never got to thank you for saving me from the Stormtroopers back there,” “Don’t mention it.” He spoke the words gruffly, making you feel a bit awkward for intruding. Galen turned back to face the wall, and awkwardness choked the air. You shuffled your feet a bit, unsure of whether or not to say something else when fortune seemed to take pity on you, sending Daos to your aid. “It’s almost finished,” your master said, stepping towards you, “but there are some parts I need to get from the shop. I should be back soon.” You nodded in understanding, smiling a little when you heard him whisper; “Don’t set anything on fire while I’m gone.” You watched him head down the loading ramp before mounting his own speeder and driving it back towards your village. Once he was out of sight you turned away, seeing that Galen had stood from the ground and was now making his way towards the door, his expression one of anger. Deciding not to bother him further, you headed back to the engine room. After a quick inspection, you realized there indeed wasn’t much left to do until Daos returned with whatever supplies you needed. Then the Rogue Shadow and its occupants would be gone, never to return. That thought made your heart sink a bit. The past few days had held more excitement than you had had in years, and the idea of giving it up was enough to darken your mood. You had so many questions you hadn’t even considered asking Galen that were now at the top of your mind. Your decision was a quickly made one, as you stood and headed to the lounge where you found Galen sitting at the table, examining on of his weapons. He took notice of you as soon as you walked in the room, his hazel eyes meeting yours briefly before looking back to the weapon in his hand. You had asked Daos about them, and learned they were lightsabers, the favored tool of Jedi Knights in the Clone Wars. That had only created more questions for you, and you had no sooner opened your mouth to ask them that Kota and PROXY ran back aboard the ship, Kota’s white eyes wide. Something was wrong. “We seem to have company.” Kota said, which made Galen spring to his feet. “Stormtroopers?” Kota nodded. “A battalion at least. They brought walkers,” You almost stopped breathing. “What do we do?” you asked, looking around the group. You weren’t sure even they could best an entire battalion of Stormtroopers, and from their expressions, neither did they. Galen looked to you, his expression hardening. “How close are we to being able to fly?” You looked down as you thought about it, your thoughts jumbled. “We could, theoretically, but the engine isn’t fully repaired yet. The ship could explode mid-air.” “That’ll have to do,” Galen muttered, storming past you to close the docking ramp. “(Y/N), I need you in the engine room, doing whatever you can to stabilize it.” He gave the order sternly, and you nodded, turning and running quickly, PROXY at your side while the other two bolted to the bridge. “I will assist in whatever way I can,” the droid said, and you nodded as you grabbed your tools. It only took a few moments for power to spark across the exposed circuitry, the rest of the engine springing to life as the Rogue Shadow was activated, lifting off the ground. You could see the strain the engine was under, and moved quickly to repair the damage you could see, praying with each movement that it would remain intact. The hull shook and a loud boom filled the air, only making your heart pound faster in your ears. “We won’t make it like this,” Kota yelled from the cockpit, “we’ve got to get off world!” Sparks from the engine flew, though you knew it wasn’t detrimental. “(Y/N),” Galen called, “can we make the jump to lightspeed?” You were almost frantic, welding metal together so the ship would be able to do so, not noticing when your hands were burnt from the sparks. “Yes!” you exclaimed, falling over as another explosion racked the ship. You had never been on an operational starship before, nor gone into lightspeed, but you knew when you felt space rush past you for just a moment that you were safe from the walkers and the Stormtroopers on the ground. And that you were far from home. You stood slowly, checking the engine one last time before making your way to the cockpit. Your lips parted when you saw the tunnel of blue light that whirled around the ship, spilling into the cockpit and covering the four of you. Your amazement only lasted a moment before you realized what you had just left behind. Your gaze lowered, settling on the ground before you . . . until you felt another pair of eyes on you. You looked up slightly, guilt still overwhelming you as you met a pair of soft hazel eyes. The moment was exactly that, and then Galen looked back in front of him while you walked to the lounge and collapsed in one of the seats. Kylo Ren The feeling of not having enough to eat was familiar enough to you that you barely noticed it for the first few hours. Your business was - had been - going steadily for the past few years, despite the occasional unsatisfied customer, but you never were very wealthy at all. This had lead to a few nights when you had little to eat, but now your stomach ached. You didn’t know how long you had sat in that dark cell after the man in the mask had left, but with the pain you were experiencing now, you guessed it must have been at least a day. Standing from your bed you began pacing the room, trying to take your mind off things. Of course, that was far more easily said than done. You were distracted enough, however, that you jumped when the door in front of you slide open. A dim light flooded into the room, enough to make you squint away. “Come with me,” a harsh voice ordered, though you were relieved that it didn’t belong to the dark man who had captured you. When your vision adjusted, you saw a Stormtrooper standing before you, his white armor bearing several scuff marks and imperfections that told a story you couldn’t fully read. You stepped forward slowly, your eyes studying him as you came closer. “Where are you taking me?” The Stormtrooper seemed to study you in return, his helmet tilted towards you as he answered. “You’re being taken to Kylo Ren. You will give him the information he wants.” “I don’t know anything about the holocron,” you shook your head as the soldier fastened cuffs around your wrists. He didn’t respond this time, he simply turned and yanked you forward and the door slid shut behind you. You had never seen the inside of a space ship before, let alone one the size of the craft you walked through now. Were you not accompanied by an armed escort, you might have been soaking in every detail. The gun that rested just a few centimeters from your back was a clear reminder of where you were. You continued to move forward, trying not to give the Stormtrooper behind you any reason to shoot. A few more corners were rounded before you found yourself on what appeared to be a command deck of some sort, and despite your fear you couldn’t help but stop at the sight of it. Of course you had seen the stars before, you didn’t know a life-form in the galaxy that didn’t, but what you saw out of the large windows before you made your breath catch in your throat. Stars pierced the veil of night outside in greater numbers than you had ever imagined, though even they paled in comparison to the great body capturing your attention. It was a mixture of bright reds, oranges and yellows, a wildfire in the night sky. Stopping in your tracks, you stared at it with wide (E/C) eyes, before heavy footfalls broke you from your concentration. You met the hidden eyes of the masked man once again as he made his way towards you. “You have never seen one, have you?” He asked, not needing to specifying what he was talking about. Suddenly much more tense, you shook your head. A moment of silence followed by giving the order; “Take her,” was the only response you received. --- Your destination was a dimly lit room, circular and considerably larger than your cell. You were unceremoniously tossed in by the Stormtroopers, landing hard on the ground. You shot a glare at them through the (H/C) strands of your hair that had fallen about your face, though they either didn’t notice or didn’t care. The door closed behind them, and you stood from the cold floor. Alone once again, you took in your surroundings. Grey walls and grey floors surrounded you, a single grey pedestal sitting in the center of the room. You had no idea what it was for, and you didn’t have much time to speculate before the door behind you opened. Unsurprisingly, the masked man walked through it before it shut once again. “I told you before, I don’t know anything about a holocron,” you said, your difference in height becoming much more apparent as he stepped closer to you. “Perhaps not. But you do carry the data it held.” He lifted his right hand, showing you the now faintly pulsing box that he had killed for before placing it on the pedestal behind you. “It has been imprinted on your mind.” You swallowed, suddenly very afraid of what he was implying. “And . . . if it’s in my mind . . . how are you supposed to get it?” He chuckled, a sound that sent shivers down your spine. “Don’t worry, there are techniques.” You recalled how he had forced you into a sleep when he captured you, and the thought made you begin to back away. Still, when he lifted a hand, you felt his presence in your mind yet again. Only this time, you were conscious of it all. It was as if he was pulling your very thoughts and memories apart, sifting through them before tossing them aside as he searched for something that shouldn’t be there at all. You nearly doubled over, it was so much to take in. You could see the past few days, then months, and even years into your past. Things you had forgotten flashed through your mind . . . and then some things that had never happened to you at all. There was a man, tall and with brown hair that was turning grey. Next to him was a very beautiful woman, her eyes kind and warm. A sensation of anguish took over you, though you quickly realized it was not of your own making. But it was all replaced by a pair of glowing yellow eyes. Your breathing intensified as you saw a man materialize in your memories, his body covered in jagged armor, and his smile striking fear into your heart. “One Master and one apprentice; one to embody the power, the other to crave it.” He spoke the words in a voice you had never heard, and pain spread from the base of your skull to behind your eyes forced you to the ground. The masked man withdrew from your mind, both of you bracing yourselfs against the metal floor. You looked up at him steadily, taking some small comfort in the fact that he seemed as confused and terrified as you were. Was it his master perhaps? Or something in the holocron that was imbedded in your thoughts? The masked man stood quickly and left without a word, leaving you in the room. In an attempt to calm yourself, you thought back to the fire in the sky you had seen out the glass of the ship, though your thoughts only seemed to drift back to what might happen to you with this data inside your head. Arcann You had fully expected to be thrown into another cell once you stepped aboard the ship. It would have made the most sense, given your current status in Arcann’s plan, so you were very surprised when you were instead left in a room with a somewhat plush bed, even a window so you could see your city outside. It could have been an attempt to demoralize you, you realized as you looked out the glass. You could see the same things you had grown up seeing in your city, the busy markets, the way the sun reflected off the windows . . . it made your heart sink to know that you would probably never see any of it again. Still, you watched the people from the small window, a small part of you hoping that someone would notice you. Heavy footsteps echoed throughout the small ship, followed by a command in a deep voice that told you Arcann was onboard. You moved away from the window and peered instead towards the closed door on the other side of the room. After a few moments, you saw Arcann pass, his only stop being to cast a glance at you, your eyes meeting his exposed one. You couldn’t read what expression they held, and he quickly turned away and was gone from view, leaving you alone with your thoughts. Then you felt the ship lurch, and you saw the ground moving further and further away out the window. You ran to the window faster than you knew you could, pressing your hands against the glass as you saw the city shrinking away in the distance. Soon after that, you could see the huge forests that engulfed your world, the sky a brilliant pale blue as the clouds disappeared the higher the ship flew. You barely noticed how low your jaw dropped, your focus was fully on the scene outside. You had rarely ever traveled outside of your city, and here you were watching the black ink of night stain the sky, stars appearing in every inch of the night you could see. The moon of your planet hung in the distance, a beautiful silver-blue color that seemed to glow. Trying to contain yourself proved to be useless; you had never been this close to the stars, and their sheer and utter beauty allowed to you to forget for just a moment why you were among them. --- Arcann was not one for aimless wandering. Acting with a purpose had become his fixation, but today he found himself returning to the room of his latest captive. His gaze pierced through the glass between him and the (H/C)’d girl, finding her on the far side of the room. He managed to suppress a chuckle at the sight of you, your mouth hanging open and your (E/C) eyes wide at the empty space before you. You truly had never left your little planet, had you? And to think that a simpleton like you had such a strong connection to the Outlander . . . he shook his head before turning and walking the other way. He would know more once on Zakuul, and the trap would be baited.