Morning Notes: This fic is basically just a happy place for me to distract myself from the other emotionally charged, angsty, intense story I am writing called Warmth. It's pretty cool but a lot more serious (and, at times, smutty). That said, feedback really does mean the world to me, and it's the only reason I post the things I write. The more you tell me what you think about what I've written, the more motivation I have to write. Anyway, enjoy this expository 80's garbage! I'll get back to writing about Force bonds and things. The town was quiet for hours every morning. You walked down the sidewalk in half-silence, a muted cacophony of early daylight rustlings ringing in your ears. Birds chirped back and forth lazily, making the smallest of small talk. Cars started and stopped and slowed along the roads. Doors shut and windows opened and wind blew. It was early October, autumn, but you wore a orange sundress and freckles like it was midsummer. Your mother always told you that was what beautiful was: a sundress and a soft smile. Watching as your neighbors walked out of their front doors, your peers and their families emerging for their daily duties, you weren’t so sure. You thought most girls were more beautiful than yourself, but there was one girl, sixteen houses down across the street, whose looks you really envied. She had dark hair cut at her collarbones and hazel eyes you knew boys (or at least your brothers) liked. Her legs were long, her entire body slender, and her laugh loud, demanding your attention. She wore dark colors and leather jackets and always had some intimate part of her bruised or bandaged. It made her look intimidating and mysterious. Her hands always looked soft and perfect, though, void of the busted capillaries and torn skin you had grown used to. As you reached her door, you slowed down. Your dog, the reason you were out walking before seven in the morning, was used to this and sat down diligently beside you. You lowered a hand to stroke her head, waiting. The door opened, and you pretended not to watch as the girl walked out, in a deep berry sweater and boots. She had a small cut on her right cheek, and she hugged her father goodbye at the door before climbing inside her car. Rey Skywalker, 345 West Spruce Street. You looked down to your dog, Bunny, and rose your eyebrows. “You ready?” You asked, and she jumped up onto all fours, dragging you off back towards your house before you could start running. You weren’t sure if you had grown better at running or if Bunny has learned how slow she had to run to keep you from falling, but you ran at the same pace either way. Rey’s car started up. Your feet pounded against the ground. She left her driveway and turned your way. You stuck out your chin. She was gaining on you, but you were close now, only six houses to go. There was a single moment, as you passed the Macdonald’s house three doors from yours, where you and her were moving the same way, at the same time, same speed. Then you fell behind, Bunny barked at a squirrel in the Macdonald’s front yard, and Rey hurried off toward the high school. You walked the rest of the way back to your house gasping and smiling big, large, with your whole face. When your mother opened the door, she shook her head at you, stepping aside and taking Bunny’s leash from you. “You’re gonna hurt yourself running like that every day,” She chastised, but you ignored her, grabbing your jacket off the back of your dinner chair and shrugging it on. “Where’s Jace?” You asked, walking into the kitchen of your expensive two-story house and pouring a glass of cheap, bitter orange juice. Just as you said his name, your older brother walked into the kitchen too, pulling on a shirt with a toothbrush in his mouth. You never understood how he could do that all at once. For good measure, he took the orange juice from your hand and drank it from the carton the minute you were done. You wrinkled up your nose. “You’re disgusting.” Jace smiled at you before setting the carton back in the refrigerator. “And you’re disgusting’s sister,” He quipped back. You rolled your eyes, attempting to turn away from him and towards the door, but he grabbed you by the wrist. You mentally cursed yourself as he turned your hands over in his, first the left and then the right. You would have pulled away, but you knew there was no use. He’d tie you to a tree if he had to, but he was going to check your hands somehow. He stared down at the dots and lines of red and pink, the pulled back skin on your knuckles and the bruises on your left middle finger, which seemed to always stay jammed no matter what you did. “How do you even do this?” He asked, quieter now, neither of you wanting your mother to hear. “Have you not been wrapping your hands?” You shook your head, tugging your hands away from him. Jace rose his eyebrows. “You’ve been hitting that hard?” Your mother walked into the kitchen, and the two of you grabbed your things. You tugged your jacket sleeves down over your knuckles and hugged her goodbye. She mussed up Jace’s hair as he passed, then craned her head to look down the hallway to her right. “Dalton! You’re gonna make your brother and sister late again!” “Coming, mom!” A boy’s voice rang out. You stepped into the living room where your father and the youngest member of your family sat watching television. Your father kissed you on the forehead, and your little sister, Mallie, jumped up to hug you. You looked over her shoulder as you picked her up and squeezed. Bunny was sitting on the floor, but your brother’s cat, Carter, sat on the arm of the sofa, staring over at you. You set Mallie down and turned around. God, you hated cats. Jace was waiting at the door. You hurried out of it, looking over your shoulder as a short, dark haired fourteen year old boy bounded through the house, a backpack thrown over his shoulder and his shoes untied. You tried to keep from rolling your eyes again. Jace’s car was older than Rey’s (and uglier too), but you didn’t mind it too much, just happy that you got to sit shotgun. You climbed inside, and the boys both followed, Jace grabbing your left hand again before he started the engine. You looked over at him, annoyed. “What now?” He glared back at you for a quick second before grabbing your middle finger and pulling it, hard. You squealed before he shoved it back into place. When he was done, you yanked it back from him, staring out your window and fighting back tears from the pain. Behind you, Dalton laughed. “If you could keep your fists tight,” Jace said, turning the key and looking over his shoulder to back out of the driveway. “I wouldn’t have to do that every other damn morning.” You didn’t respond, instead looking at your reflection in the window glass, knowing that if Rey Skywalker threw punches as hard as you did, she would never let her fists be too loose. ***** You were out of the car before your brother had even cut off the engine, your binder and chemistry book tucked into your left arm, your finger aching as you squeezed the edge of them. “Y/N,” Dalton called out, clearly wanting something from you, but when you turned to look at him, Jace was leading him to the gym, away from you. You just continued to the front doors of the school. As you got closer, you watched the students standing outside the entrance, your favorite hobby. The popular crowd was farthest from the door. Tall, blonde girls and muscular, loud boys all huddled together, laughing and talking about who they could get last night’s Algebra 2 work from. Most of them you only knew from classes or gossip, and more than most of them were unremarkable to you. The one who you did care enough to think anything of was Poe Dameron. It wasn’t that Poe was both dark, tall (ish), and handsome, but moreso that he showed you to each of your classes on your first day your freshman year, plus he had gym with you and your brother (not the same class, your brother and you had independent training and he had wrestling conditioning, but still) and he would always help you out with anything when you needed it. He hung out with the assholes, but he was a nice guy. He was turned away from the crowd when you got closer by a boy the same half-tall height and a girl you knew just from the way her shoulders sat was Rey Skywalker. The boy next to her, who was now faking throwing punches at Poe, was named Finn. He was also handsome, and you had never seen him without Rey by his side. You also had rarely ever seen him, so you weren’t sure how accurate your stance on their friendship could be. Rey looked behind her, pulling a girl with even shorter hair and bangs into your view. She was in your English literature and composition class, and she always wrote about space or stars or nighttime. Her name was either Maya or Naya, you weren't sure. You would have thought more on this, but Rey made eye contact with you then. You looked away quickly, hurrying past them. Sitting on a bench closer to the door was Armitage Hux, a redheaded, thin, tall boy from your psychology class, scribbling into a notebook. You knew little to nothing about him, except that he was a great student and made everyone call him by his last name and had looks that could kill. One time a girl named Lily called him ‘Squints’ for wearing reading glasses at 17, and he shot her a glare that froze your heart from four desks back. Next to him sat a girl whose name you didn’t know, but you had seen her before in halls or bathrooms and maybe one of your classes freshman year (you weren’t sure). She was shockingly tall and blonde, and while her eyes looked happy and sparkling, her jaw was always set tight. You were pretty sure she’d gotten three days of detention last year for threatening to stab a boy in your physical science class. You weren’t sure, though. Behind those two, closest to the door, staring directly at you, was Ben Solo. He was tall (taller than Hux but definitely not the girl beside him) and had long dark hair that hung to his shoulders. He was Rey Skywalker’s cousin, but you weren’t sure many people knew that. They weren’t seen together often, and when they were, Ben always looked upset at the fact. They didn’t look alike either (aside from the fact that they both were often bruised). He had an almost Roman nose that had been broken more times than pencils in your second period. His eyes were darker than Rey’s, his chin sharper, his jawline softer. More than once you had overheard a girl with red lipstick talk about how he had been in a gang, that that was why he wore that jacket that said “Knights of Ren” on the back and made the few people he spoke to call him Kylo. And he was staring straight at you. You looked down at your feet, suddenly nervous. You didn’t have to wonder why. A beautiful, dangerous boy with just the last remnants of a black eye was looking your way with an interested look on his face. Interested. You walked up to the doors, and, still looking at you, Ben reached out and pushed them open for you. You didn’t look up at him, mumbling a “thank you” and hurrying inside. He probably just wanted you to give him answers to the psychology homework you knew he didn't do or tips for the fitness quiz tomorrow in independent training. There was no other possible reason that a boy like him would be interested in you.