A multitude of bunting flapped serenely in the slight breeze as the door of the tent opened, admitting the very first of the eager faces that filed though in an excited tumble, hardly believing their luck. They inhaled as one the ever so soft whiff of bread already hanging over the rows of worktops that they all knew so well, and had yet never actually seen in real life up until now. Drinking it all in, Hux walked his own reverent path down the benches, and to him it smelt of more than just simple baking; to him, it already had the whiff of victory. He was here. He had made it. As they waited for the cameramen to get into place, the contestants mingled in easy groups, leaning on the counters in an almost-casual way, yet ruining the effect just slightly by staring around at the colourful ovens and artfully gathered ingredients with undisguised awe. Examining an oven so that he had an excuse not to engage in conversation with the other undoubtedly unmemorable contestants, Hux half-listened to the buzz of conversation around him, catching snatches of phrases and happy laughter. He was content to be alone, able to calculate the nuances of the other contestants by himself. Members of the production team flapped around like worried hens, counting the contestants, frowning as they kept coming up one short even as the clock ticked on. Hux could distinctly hear one lady muttering, "Where is he, where is he?" As she counted only eleven contestants. Hux couldn't hide his smirk; clearly, someone had chickened out. All the more victory for him, then. Warily, ignoring the increasingly frantic cameramen and production team, Hux eyed the other contestants. On the row next to him was a kindly looking man, dark skinned and chatting eagerly to the dashing looking one who couldn't stop flashing a winning smile at him. These two were clearly the cloyingly cute eye candy for this series, of that he was quite certain. Hux had no doubt as to his place on this particular series- he was obviously the talent. Quiet, calculating, efficient- he planned to be the person that the viewers regretted underestimating at the beginning, and who would soon be wowed by his swift ascension through the ranks. The other contestants certainly seemed too nice by half, as he had expected, and with a sly glance Hux could tell that he could use this to his advantage; he absolutely intended to play them all. He leaned against the worktop, watching a small, determined looking girl with three buns in her hair help another tie her apron, both of them laughing with the pure joy of just being here in the tent. He felt glad when he realised that he was the tallest in the room. And then, with an unceremonious crash that made them all jump, the tent door flew open. A dark shape, hair falling messily on the long face, stepped through the door, the breeze rustling a few loose napkins on the counter behind Hux. A ridiculously large hand brushed a few wayward strands of dark hair away, revealing an impressive nose and full lips as plump as the strawberries sat merrily in the bowl behind Hux. The dark eyes scanned the other contestants. "Sorry." He said, in a low voice, not sounding contrite in the least, "Biked it here and took the wrong turning." He wriggled a helmet lodged firmly in his other hand as if this adequately excused his lateness. Hux stared openly at him with the distinct impression that he remembered him from somewhere , and the newcomer’s gaze locked right onto him, appraising him similarly. Staring at his even taller frame, the poor buttons straining on his shirt and his fucking motorcycle helmet , Hux had to concede that he might have accidentally stumbled across a very dangerous sort of eye candy. The man smiled at him, and it was both shrewd and sharp. "Hi." He said, eyes widening in sudden recognition, “I remember you from the try outs. Does your face still go red when you bake for longer than twenty minutes?" And, he was a dickhead. Remembering him well from the audition, Hux drew himself up to his rather impressive height, refusing to be cowed by this irritating, bullish fridge of a man. "No." He said, crisply, "You aren't by any chance the particular specimen who had a tantrum because my test soufflé was better? Kylie or something, was it?" That wiped the smile off his face. He opened his mouth to retaliate, looking furious at the unwelcome reminder, but luckily a frantic member of the production team wielding a clipboard like a shield and with a somewhat frenzied expression stepped in front of Ren. “Kylo Ren?” He asked, sounding like he was trying hard not to get hysterical. When Ren nodded, stony-faced, the man continued, “I’m Thanisson, the, uh, production manager for today. We need to get you in quickly for make-up and a little run through of a couple of things you might have missed.” Thick eyebrow quirked, Ren stared down at the smaller man, and contempt was written on every sharp plane of his face. Even so, he nodded again. “Right.” He said, sounding bored. He side-eyed Hux, “See you later. Unless you accidentally break a nail or your shirt gets creased and they have to carve you a new one, of course." “ Fuck you .” Hux muttered, too quiet for the camera crew to hear, but loud enough for the passing figure of Ren. Unfortunately, he only got a shit-eating grin in response. When Ren had stomped away in his stupid, thick boots, the rest of the contestants seemed to let out a collective breath. “Wow.” Said the cute one that Hux was fairly certain was called Finn, “He was…interesting.” “Mmm.” Poe replied, a slight frown between his eyes, “That’s definitely one word for it.” *** This competition, Hux realised, beating eggs with a determined frenzy, might be slightly more difficult than he had originally anticipated. Oh, of his own abilities he had absolutely no doubt. In their very first task, his strawberry drizzle cake had been proclaimed as "technically perfect" by the more formidable judge, Snoke. It had been quite something, that aged, intense face hovering right in front of him, wrinkled in thought as he chewed on a piece of cake. When he delivered this praise, straight-faced and yet sincere, the other judge, the tiny Maz, elbowed him out of the way, snorting. When she tasted it and told him it was delicious, he couldn't help but feel a certain smugness that he had vowed not so show to the cameras, lest it disadvantage him. Even so, he couldn't help but smirk at Ren who was watching from the row behind him. His joy, however, was to be short lived. When Ren delivered his cake, it was with a certain self-deprecating quirk to his lips, miles away from his previous prickliness. Hux frowned at him as he shrugged innocently at his drizzle cake, which was far more slapdash than Hux's. "Guess I got a little overwhelmed by everything." He explained, almost charmingly, gesturing at the plate. Hux’s eyes narrowed; he was also playing a role, this one. When Snoke and Maz criticised him a little for his cake’s appearance, an emotion passed quickly over his eyes, but was soon quashed as the judges took a bite and lowered their spoons slowly. "That was..." Snoke paused, and then stared at him with his cold eyes, "Extremely delicious." Ren's smile grew ever wider at this rare praise. Maz nodded in fervent agreement. "Yes, yes!" She agreed, "Just like my mother used to make. Is it a home recipe?" "Oh, yes." Ren said, sounding pleased, "With my own interpretation- I like to mix things up. Experiment a bit, look at both sides, you know?" "Yes." Snoke said, mildly, looking at Ren in a new light. "We like a bit of experimentation in this competition. Precision isn't everything." Feeling that this might possibly be directed at himself, Hux was glad to see that the cameras were focused on Ren. It allowed him to scowl privately to his own cake. Well, fuck them. He would be the last one laughing when Ren "experimented" too much and poisoned them all. He would show them. When he came first in the technical bake, ignoring the fact that the girl with three buns, Rey, miraculously came a very close second and Ren third, Hux tried to pretend to look surprised. It was hard though; he'd been very lucky with the task. It was a recipe he had recognised instantly, having made Jaffa Cakes two years ago just to prove to one of his idiotic work colleagues that he could, and making them again had almost been simple. In the third task, his showstopper challenge, he felt a strange, serene calmness. One of the hosts, See-Threepio, seemed to find his composure a little peculiar. "Quite confident, Hux?" He asked, watching as Hux measured sugar with a practiced ease, with the measured steps of a dancer. "Certainly." Hux replied, eyes never leaving the scales, " Should I be scared?" The host looked a little frightened at the question; Hux realised that he had delivered it somewhat colder than he had intended. "N-no, of course not!" He gave a nervous titter, and was thankfully saved by the other host, Artoo, who tugged at his sleeve to go to a friendlier contestant. Teeth gritted as he felt the camera sweep over him, Hux tried to block the rest of the tent out, knowing that he currently stood a large chance of coming across as unpleasant. As he baked, however, the rest of the known world fell away. Dicing butter, timing sauces, it was all science to Hux, such lovely order and logic just screaming for him to work out. One could depend on baking. It was a fickle business, yes, but no more than people were. He was lost to the world, tasting his mixture, twisting the knobs on the oven as he searched for the right temperature. He was only broken out of his reverie by a slight cough behind him that persisted until he straightened up. With a frown, he twisted around quickly. Ren, leaning with his elbows on the worktop behind him, looked embarrassed. "Hey, Hux." He said, as if severely regretting that he was talking at all. "You, uh, don't happen to have any vanilla pods, do you?" There was a silence between them as Hux pondered his words, wondering at what game Ren was playing. "Maybe." He said, evasively. "Why?" Ren balked at his tone. "Look," He said, sounding irritable, "I was obviously stupid and forgot to bring any. I really, really need one, seriously, if I don’t I might be in trouble. Come on, are you completely soulless?" Hux considered the question for precisely one second. "Yes." He said, curtly, and turned back to his mixing bowl. There was an angry groan behind him. It appeared that Ren had sunk dramatically onto the work surface. " Oh ." He groaned, "Don't make me beg on television. You're horribly cruel." "Oh, dear me," Hux muttered, completely devoid of sympathy, "Did someone come unprepared? This is a competition, you oaf." Muttering darkly, he just about heard Ren grumble, “…How the fuck did you get on this show, you’re as family friendly as salmonella…” But he was interrupted by the somewhat untimely arrival of the camera crew, who had perhaps sensed some delicious drama at this side of the tent. Spotting them, Ren straightened up, trying to look a bit more chipper. “Hi.” He said, falsely bright. Hurrying up with his shuffling steps, See-Threepio asked, “Is everything quite alright, Ren? You look horribly distressed a second ago.” “Oh.” Ren said, with a sly glance at Hux, “I’m okay. Hux was just telling me to fu-“ “No, I wasn’t,” Hux cut in, hurriedly. He knew what was going on here; if he allowed Ren to manipulate the camera, he would come across badly. And if he came across badly, the production team would hardly want him to stay in the competition. Fuming inwardly, he reached into a box on his worktop. “Were you asking to steal, oh dear me,” He gave a very false laugh, “I mean, borrow my ingredients, Ren?” Staring at his smiling face in alarm, Ren took the proffered vanilla pods, their hands brushing each other in very brief contact. His hands are very warm , Hux noted with some satisfaction , not at all good for baking pastry. “Thanks.” Ren said, still looking a little alarmed, “ I owe you.” What a delicious fact that was. Hux nodded at him and, clearly disappointed at the lack of drama on these two rows, the camera crew moved towards the large and enticing figure of Phasma, stabbing bits of chocolate with a large knife with a lot of gusto. When See-Threepio announced that there were only ten minutes left, Hux felt extremely pleased with his bake. His salted caramel mirror glaze cake had set nicely, and he was decorating it with some spun sugar, making sure that the temperature of his boiling pan was just right. He felt pleased as he stood by his cake, having finished in good time, watching the other bakers stumble around in a panic. Behind him, he could see that Ren’s worktop was a complete mess of dirty dishes, abandoned packets of chocolate and spilled sugar. He was almost finished, but it was a close thing, and Hux watched him flap about with no end of amusement. When the judges slithered into the tent, the panicked chatter dissipated as quickly as the smoke from a few unfortunate bakers. They all peered at each other as the judges delivered their verdicts, and it was a mixed bag of reviews. The small figure of Mitaka was almost reduced to tears when told his glaze hadn’t set properly, but Hux knew he would be fine; he didn’t do too badly on the first task. He tried to keep a mental tally of the successes and failures of his fellow contestants, to make certain that he would be victorious. When the judges moved to his worktop, they could not hide the fact that they were impressed. “Wow.” Said Maz, eyeing his shining glaze, “That looks very professional, Hux. Very precise.” “Indeed.” Agreed Snoke, cutting a neat slice and inspecting inside the cake, “You certainly have a talent, Hux.” “I do try.” He said, feeling pleased. He had to be star baker. There was no question about it- he had done extremely well in all three tasks, as he had intended. When they moved on to Ren, however, they unfortunately looked quite impressed with his cake as well. In Hux’s opinion, it was a little garish- light and dark chocolate crisscrossed each other in an intricate pattern, but he personally thought it was a bit much. The judges seemed to approve, though, and when they ate it they complimented his flavours, especially the apparent subtle tone of vanilla. Ren’s eyes flicked to Hux then, but Hux tried hard to remain impassive. Inwardly, he was cursing Ren with the worst words he knew. Freeloader , he thought, a little nastily. When they finally moved on to the judging section, the room held their collective breath as the Star Baker was announced. “Well.” See-Threepio said, looking amused, “It’s been a fantastic start, my goodness! I am extremely happy to announce that this week, our Star Baker is, well, Ren and Hux! Both of you; it was too tight to pick just one!” Properly annoyed that his victory had to be shared, Hux tried to look as pleased as Ren, but he was boiling inside. He also tried very hard to look upset as Bala-Tik was kicked off, but it was quite difficult due to the fact that he truly did not care. When that torture had finally finished, the participants began to disperse, chatting eagerly about how much fun they had had and commiserating with the morose looking Bala-Tik. Hux stood by his worktop, trying to work out why he felt so angry. “Uh.” A voice said behind him, “Congratulations, I guess.” “Don’t you dare talk to me.” Hux snapped, twisting around to see the tall figure Ren, clutching his bike helmet, “A shared victory is not a victory. Shove your congratulations up your arse.” Ren snorted at him, “Right, whatever, princess.” He shook his head as Hux flared up, "You know, as much as I would like to be intimidated by you and your horrifyingly boring baking," Ren said, zipping up his leather jacket, "It's extremely difficult when you have chocolate on your nose." When Hux just blinked at him in confusion, Ren tapped his own formidable nose, just on the left, "Right here. It's a good look for you, actually, much cuter than what you were originally going for. Cocky asshole, was it? Very family friendly." And that was the moment, staring furiously after the dark hair flapping away into the distance, that Hux decided that he would beat Kylo Ren by any means necessary. Chapter 2 Notes: A massive thank you to all of the lovely people on the first chapter of this! It is such an absurd AU, but one I have been thinking about for a while and love dearly. Please enjoy, and find me @ kyloripped.tumblr.com :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was deep into the third week of the competition when they were all finally treated to a full-blown Kylo Ren tantrum. At first, it was almost insidious how it happened; a certain tightness to the way that Ren held himself, the crinkle of abused paper as Ren grasped the recipe they were all given hard, desperately searching the unhelpful words of the technical challenge. And then, a crash that drew every eye in the tent- a bowl smashed deliberately on the work surface once and then again intersected with a few choice swear words, the dark, almost blood red sauce oozing over the broken shards as the remains clattered to the floor. When Ren made no move to clear it up, only staring down at the dripping, shattered mess with a certain vindictive pleasure was it obvious that this had been no accident. Hux eyed him warily; it was clear that Ren had been struggling with this task, a tricky German recipe called Dampfnudel that he himself was only half-certain that he had right. Usually, he would have been tempted to throw some snide comment over his shoulder, but there was something so absolutely unfunny about the way Ren gripped the worktop as if wondering what he should smash next that Hux held his tongue. And then, inevitably, their hosts materialised out of nowhere, perhaps attracted by the drama filled siren call of the smashed bowl. There was something almost tender about the way See-Threepio stared at Ren, however, which Hux found a little odd. He wondered, not for the first time, if the hosts and the judges were somehow biased towards Ren. He couldn’t for the life of him work out why. The tall, skinny beanpole of a host skidded to a stop then, as frantic as ever. “Are you alright, Ren?” He asked, anxiously, staring at the sauce that was now dripping so fluently down the turquoise wood of the cupboard door and to the floor. Ren licked his lip, knowing that the cameras had probably been focusing on him for a while. “I…” He paused, “Had an accident.” He lied, voice tight. See-Threepio looked from the remains of the bowl to his big, sauce covered hands, knowing like the rest of them that the sound of the bowl being hit against the work surface twice indicated the exact opposite. However, he seemed to quite wisely decide that this probably wasn’t worth questioning. “Well,” He said, trying to make his voice bright, “Accidents do happen, I’m afraid! Have you hurt your hand at all?” “No.” Said Ren shortly, not even bothering to try his charming persona this time. Next to his tall partner, Artoo stared up at him, ludicrously small next to his bulk, and there was something searching in his eyes. He whispered something to See-Threepio then, who bent down to receive the small, high-pitched words as the small hand rested on his arm for attention. The cameramen tried to look contrite, as if interrupting something they had no business to be filming, and shifted the lens towards a busily stirring Poe Dameron instead. See-Threepio straightened up. “Care for some fresh air, Ren?” He asked, as if this was the most natural thing in the world to offer a contestant in the middle of a task. A muscle worked in Ren’s jaw but, absurdly, he gave a brisk nod. There was a collective release of breath as that volatile presence stepped into the verdant, blooming garden of the country house in which their tent resided, a sense of relief almost as palpable as the aroma of steamed buns hanging around the air. Hux was the only one who remained staring at the door, seeing two distant shapes talking next to the lichen-spattered stone steps and wondering at what that odd pairing could possibly be talking about. After a few moments, he realised that he had been neglecting his own sauce and just about managed to stop it burning, his own face reddening as he remembered that he didn’t care about Kylo Ren one tiny bit. He stirred the sauce vigorously, determined that his back would face the door and thus avoid any distractions outside of it. The sweet smell of cooking plums filled the air; rich for some, verging on acrid for some unfortunate others. The comforting space of the tent was filled with these various aromas, and a dark shape re-entered the doorway, moving through the steam and the busy bodies like a silent, determined ghost. Ren moved back to his cooking station, face impassive, and began baking his dish as if nothing had gone amiss. Hux might have been tempted to feel impressed by this composure, but there was just something slightly unsettling about how calm he looked as he stepped around the sauce on the floor and picked up a fresh bowl. Despite this distraction, Hux had work to do. He continued with the tricky recipe, gritting his teeth in annoyance when he realised that the bake lacked his usual neatness. He was quite caught by surprise when the judges proclaimed his bake to be the best of the, admittedly bad, bunch. On the end of the row, Ren folded his arms in an almost petulant way, slouching on his chair. He had come second to last on that challenge, and the sweetness of this realisation buoyed up Hux so much, it was difficult not to flash him a smug smile. He got a scowl in return, which just bolstered his mood. They had a brief break, milling about the vast garden in sporadic groups, getting a well-deserved breather before filming the last task of the third week. Today, Hux had chosen to tag along with the impressively tall Phasma, mostly because she had promised not to tell anyone that she had opened a tricky jar for him in the previous task, and he had a healthy respect for someone who could thwack dough onto the work surface as vigorously as she could. Their talk was pleasant enough, although Hux couldn’t help but look over her impressive shoulder at the tall figure of Ren, wandering the flowerbeds alone. He looked to be working off some steam, pacing the neatly cut grass to and fro, and he was given a wide berth by the other contestants. For the first and perhaps only time, Hux began to feel a little sorry for him. When it was time to go back into the tent to film the final task of the day, Hux was confident that he was once again on the rising path to Star Baker. He had lost out to the small but surprisingly skilled Rey last week, and it irked him to no end. He already knew that he was technically the best baker in the tent. It was so painfully obvious, he wondered if the judges were deliberately snubbing him so that they did not have to acknowledge this fact. He was almost certain that Snoke had a soft spot for Ren; at each bake the old judge seemed to give him a quiet, whispered compliment and Ren almost preened at the attention. It was a little creepy, if Hux was quite honest. Still, he had work to do. The task started, he went about making the dough for a tricky bread basket, relishing at the thought of looping the separate strands of dough together, knowing that this logical and tricky work was something that he excelled in. When he leaned on his work surface to reach for some flour, he heard a disparaging sort of snort. When he looked up for the source, he saw Ren watching him, arms folded. “Do you always have to look so fucking smug?” He asked, his impressive eyebrows knotted together, “Is that, like, your natural expression?” Hux refused to rise to this nonsense. He picked up his flour, deliberately making Ren wait for an answer. It was rather fun to watch him get more frustrated the longer he paused, and despite enjoying his torment enormously, soon he said, “Yes. I’m surprised you know what a natural expression is, Ren, considering that yours changes depending on whose arse you’re trying to kiss.” And when Ren fumed, wordless, Hux turned his back on him and tutted, “Dear, dear- did I touch a nerve?” Instead of an answer, all Hux heard was the loud clack clack of thick boots on the floor. Spinning around, concerned at this ominous sound, he found himself staring right up into the thunderous expression of Ren, barging unceremoniously into his own territory. He seemed even more muscled and menacing up close, and Hux could see his apron straining on his massive chest. Refusing to be intimidated, he met those dark, tumultuous eyes as coolly as he could manage. “Get out of my station.” He said, perhaps a shade too loudly. Multiple heads turned, but Hux didn’t even care if all of the cameras were pointed at them right now. The only thing that existed for him was Ren’s eyes, and his enormous fists curling by his sides. "I'll do what I want." Ren hissed, more than a little petulantly, "You can't stop me. You uptight, selfish-" "Oh," Hux gave an exasperated sigh, finding him much more pathetic than frightening, "You are such a child. Going to 'accidentally' break something else and run crying to the hosts again?" That was a low blow, and he knew it. There was a harsh intake of breath from the rest of the bakers when Ren gave a growl, an actual growl , and darted forwards. Hux took a hasty step backwards from this frankly alarming sight, and his movement jolted a metal spoon on the side, and sent it clattering to the floor. He accidentally slipped on it, which was quite lucky because at the same moment, Ren made a grab for him. He missed somewhat woefully, and ended up whacking his leg on the wooden cupboard. Swearing under his breath, they both almost missed the sound of the frantic footsteps beating towards them. Breathless, Thanisson skidded to a stop, looking very sorry that he had to be there at all. The camera crew were very hasty in their attempts to move the cameras away from him, and the rest of the bakers tried very hard to pretend to carry on with their recipes, but the odd pair of eyes would now and then dart to that troublesome corner. When he caught his breath, Thanisson cringed. “Um, Ren and Hux?” He said, sounding a little wary, “Could I just speak to you guys for a moment? Uh, outside?” Despite their argument, Hux and Ren exchanged a mutually confused glance. They had never, ever heard of two contestants being called away in the middle of a task. Thanisson seemed to sense their disbelief. “We won’t be long.” He said, quickly, “The Producer for today just wants a quick chat.” And when he saw that this did nothing to assuage their fears, “If you feel really behind when we get back you can have extra minutes to complete your bake after everyone else has finished?” He added, looking desperate. Satisfied, they both moved forward to follow him, and he looked endlessly relieved. There was a little side office attached to the tent, for the production team to watch footage and hold meetings to do with running the show. They were both quite surprised and then a little mollified to see the old, leathery producer Gial Ackbar sat there, a legend to those who knew anything about the BBC. One of the main show runners, it was certainly a shock to see him slumming it on one of the slower competition weeks. He looked tired as he surveyed the newcomers with his baggy, bulging eyes. “Ah.” He nodded at Thanisson, “Thank you for bringing them. We won’t be long, won’t be long at all.” It was a clear dismissal, but Thanisson still looked anxious to leave the producer with the two tallest, most troublesome contestants. Even so, he pattered out of the room, and when he was gone Ackbar was left to gaze up at the two aproned contestants in front of him. “I think we should cut to the chase, shouldn’t we?” Ackbar asked, and when they nodded, he said, “I’m Gial Ackbar, the Producer of the Bake Off. You two are Armitage Hux and Kylo Ren, correct?” Cringing somewhat at the use of his first name, Hux said, “Yes, sir.” “Correct.” Ren said, casting an amused side-glance at Hux. Ackbar nodded. “Good, good. Now, do you two know why you’re here in my office?” Feeling the tension increase just a little, Hux bit his lip. He thought he might have an inkling, but his gut feeling told him to play it dumb, “I’m not entirely certain, I’ll admit.” “Me neither?” Ren said, seeming glad that Hux had spoken first. Ackbar gave a sigh, perhaps sensing their wariness to answer him directly. "Look, boys," Ackbar said, rubbing his smooth temples. Hux bristled at being referred to by this derogatory name, but the older man seemed to be doing his best to ignore him, "This is a family show. Do you understand what I'm saying here?" For a second, Hux and Ren eyed each other again. There was a pause. "Uh." Said Ren, confusion plain in his voice. Ackbar sighed again. "The Bake Off is a family show. A nice show." He gestured around to the surplus bunting that had been stuck up to inject a bit of cheer to the otherwise boring office, "We like a bit of competition, a little drama certainly, but not nastiness. And you two..." He paused tactfully. “I’ve heard a few reports about some, ah, tension in the tent between you two." And then, Hux felt hot all over. He had the distinct feeling that he was being told off, like a child at a primary school who had stolen some sweets and was bowing his head in front of the headmaster. Ren spoke first, looking similarly contrite. "So, what you're saying is...you want us be nicer to each other." He sounded as if he thought this was most probably impossible, and for once Hux was inclined to agree with him. Despite this feeling passing between them, Ackbar looked pleased that he had caught on so quickly. "Yes, yes!" He said, "Banter is fine, but no nastiness, OK?" Hux lips pursed at the word ‘banter’, but he nodded. "I'll try and be...nicer." Hux said, the last word coming out a little twisted, as if it was a foreign concept to him. In a way, it was; Hux wasn't entirely sure if he knew how to be nice. Ren seemed to be facing the same doubts, staring down at Hux with his own annoying amusement. Ackbar, however, seemed content. “You’re both marvellous bakers.” He told them, and they blinked at him in surprise, “The production team has shown me some test footage, and they sometimes bring in the bakes when you’re all done. It would be a shame to lose you both for something as silly as this.” “Indeed.” Hux said, not entirely sure if this was a threat or not. Play nice, or we’ll boot you off. Another layer had been added to the game, it seemed. Next to him, Ren seemed to have slipped back into his annoying, charming persona. “We’ll do our best, sir.” He gave a little self-deprecating grin, which Ackbar nodded at approvingly. "Say," Said the weathered producer, as if a new thought had just occurred to him, "You could even try and smile a bit too, Hux. Get the audience to see a different side of you, you know?" Trying to ignore the insinuation that he was a cold, unlikeable robot, Hux smiled at him. Utilising all of his previous discoveries of this mysterious emotion people called "niceness", he smiled down at Ackbar, Ren in the corner of his eye watching him. There was a pause. "Sweet Jesus." Ren breathed, "Don't do that. Never, ever do that." *** Deep into the third task, both the camera crew and other contestants seemed to be a little bewildered by the sudden jollity in the two rows occupied by Hux and Ren. For the first time in perhaps the whole competition, the two had been perfectly civil to each other and, privately, some wondered if this was indeed less frightening than the arguing had been. "Oh, Hux?” Ren called, leaning slightly over his work surface, “You wouldn't mind passing me that spatula, would you?" Ren asked, in a falsely sweet voice. Knowing that he was being teased, Hux flashed him one of his particularly frightening smiles in retaliation. "Oh, it does seem so terribly far away from you, doesn't it?" Hux smiled, knowing as they both did that Ren could probably just reach over with his stupidly long arms and grab the damn thing. Even so, he reached over and slapped it into Ren's open palm. "There you go." He said, as Ren held in a wince, "Good luck in your bake!" He said, hamming it up, whilst simultaneously thinking you're going to need it . Ren seemed to hear the insinuation in his voice, but it only served to egg him on. "Oh, that's so kind of you." He said, his smile very sharp. "If only I had some of your boring, I mean," He gave a very false laugh, tossing his dark, shining mane of hair so it caught the light dramatically, " Precise baking skills." Feeling himself almost boil over with anger, Hux just managed to keep it in. "Oh." He said, lightly, "I would hate for you to have to deal with something you couldn't handle. Your own skills are quite.... unique. I would, ah, hate to ruin them with my precision." Ren seemed to be holding in his own anger. "True, true," He said, and muttered quietly so the cameras couldn't pick it up, "You pretentious dickhead." "You shouldn't mutter, Ren." Hux said, brightly, sprinkling some flour on his work surface, "People might think you were saying something uncharacteristically unpleasant," He also lowered his voice as he passed the section intersecting he and Ren, "You utter moron." For both of their sanity, they avoided each other for the rest of the task. When it was time to present their respective breads, Hux was very pleased when his was proclaimed as ‘excellent as usual’. Maz actually shook his hand, her tiny one very warm in his surprised palm. Ren had made a strange sort of woven lump which was apparently shaped like a sword which was admittedly impressive, though a little perplexing. They seemed to enjoy it, though, and Ren looked pleased enough with the judges’ feedback. When it got to the final judging of the day, to absolutely no one’s surprise, Hux was proclaimed as Star Baker. This time, he was unable to hide his smugness at finally being awarded his proper title, feeling Ren sighing next to him. When it was over and Phasma clapped him hard on the back of the shoulder, Hux returned to his worktop feeling that this competition might be in the bag after all. He began clearing his workspace, and the more he cleared, the more he swore he could hear a strange, annoying grunt from behind him. Ren seemed to be clattering about his space with little grace, looking quite annoyed. It was after the fourth or fifth grunt that Hux finally lost his patience. "Could you please stop grunting like a caveman that's just discovered how to use oven gloves?" He snapped at Ren, wiping some flour off the marble, "It's really quite infuriating." The dark eyes glowered at him from the table behind. In a few steps, Ren was over on Hux’s side, looking angry still. “I don’t get how you always win them over!” Ren complained, and before Hux could stop him, he reached over to grab a large chunk of Hux’s bread that had broken off. Scowling, he put it to his lips and chewed, “I mean, it’s not as if-“ And then, he stopped talking, his eyes widened. Feeling wary, Hux crossed his arms, prepared for Ren’s criticisms. He could take it. He waited for Ren to pass his judgement, but he seemed struck temporarily dumb, staring down at him with his mouth full of bread. Hux gave a pointed cough. “It’s quite unpleasant to eat with your mouth open, you know.” He said, carefully. With a gulp, Ren finished the bread and continued to stare at him, as if seeing him in a completely new light. It was like being x-rayed by a very dark, intense beam of light. Hux felt uncomfortable, and then another emotion that he couldn’t quite place. “Was it that awful?” He heard himself say before he could stop. “I’ve travelled around the world.” Ren said, completely out of the blue, “I’ve lived in so many different places since I was a kid and tried so much food wherever I went. Pastries, pies, bread, all sorts. And that bread,” He gave a pause, sounding confused, “Is fucking good . How did you do it?” He finished, eagerly, and Hux stared openly at him. It was not often that he was complimented on his baking. Hux had always found that the higher one aimed, the further there was to fall. An amateur baker making a more complicated dish that people found surprisingly delicious- they were proclaimed excellent and well admired. A skilled baker who made something of their usual high standard, and one suddenly found a flaw in every bite. But Ren was looking so genuinely interested, leaning with his elbows on the worktop with an eager expression, that Hux felt his guard come crashing down. “Well.” He began, tentatively at first, “It’s mostly about timing, and sourcing the fresh ingredients.” “Uh huh.” Ren said, drinking in his words. Bolstered by this, Hux found himself leaning back on the worktop, and talking to Ren, Ren of all people, about his baking process. And Ren was a good audience. He leaned there, rapt at every new piece of information, only interrupting to ask a question about some little method Hux had learnt. It felt surprisingly good to be able to talk to someone about it, and he didn’t stop for a good while. While he was talking, Hux noticed for the first time that Ren had his sleeves rolled to the elbows, and his muscled forearms were covered in flour that he had not had a chance to wipe off. He thought for a moment about how strong Ren must be, to have smashed that bowl so easily, and yet how delicate those hands could be when they really wanted. When this train of thought began leading down some extremely dangerous territory, Hux had to snap himself out of it. “You aren’t asking me this just to copy my technique, are you?” He asked, only half joking. Ren looked genuinely thoughtful at his suggestion. “Nah.” He said eventually, “I wouldn’t be able to do it the same as you no matter how hard I tried, and there’s no point trying to copy you on here now they know your style. I just like learning new techniques and mixing them, is all. Keeps it all fresh, don’t you think?” “Mmm.” Said Hux, although he wasn’t sure that he did. When he learned a new technique, he tried to copy it by the book and perfect it as much as possible. Ren’s method of free styling was as alien to him as following the half-provided recipes in the technical challenge. He liked to know what he was working with, to know how exactly he could become the best. The last few technical challenges felt like flukes that might rapidly go downhill if he did not watch what he was doing. When he saw that Ren was still staring at him, he said, “Why are you looking at me like that?” “Oh,” Said Ren, as if he hadn’t realised that he was doing it, “I really thought that the judges had been exaggerating your skills, you know, for the camera. I didn’t think you could really be that good. ” That good. Hux found that he had to look away then, lest Ren’s words make him do something as traitorously embarrassing as blush or, even worse, thank him. When this meant that he was surveying the rest of the tent instead of Ren, he realised with a jolt that the bright, jolly space was very empty. It seemed that, whilst they had been talking, the rest of the contestants and camera crew had leaked out, tired by the long day with its two difficult challenges. He had barely noticed the tent getting quieter, and it was almost amusing how no one had thought to interrupt them. Ren seemed to come to this observation much the same time that Hux did, and actually looked a little abashed. “Oh.” He said, with an embarrassed laugh, “Looks like we scared everyone off.” “Perhaps we weren’t quite nice enough?” Hux suggested. This drew an actual grin out of Ren, and from its sheer goofiness Hux suspected that this was quite possibly the first genuine grin he had done in the whole competition. “Oh, I don’t know.” Ren smiled, “I’m beginning to think that you’re really quite soft, underneath all of that.” There was a pause as Hux stared at him incredulously. “Soft?” He asked, a little shrilly, “Somehow, I don’t think so. And underneath all of what, may I ask?” But Ren was already walking away, shaking his head in amusement as he swiped another tantalising piece of bread from Hux’s plate. “Ren?” Hux called at his broad back, annoyed at being ignored. Throwing his apron onto a hook, Ren turned just before leaving the door, bread clasped in one mighty paw. “You get all red when someone compliments you.” He said, bringing the bread towards his mouth for another bite, “It’s hard to maintain that asshole-ish image when you have little pink cheeks, you know. Just like the chocolate- it’s pretty cute, Hux.” And he left through the door, leaving Hux to wonder if he wanted to follow him, shout after him, or throw the rest of his bread at him. Notes: Also @ people who might potentially be reading my other fic: Sorry, I will update that one, this one is just so easy to write in my precious little spare time. If anyone has any questions on the mechanics of the Bake Off to understand this better, please just shoot me a question. And also, I forgot to mention that this fic is sort of based loosely on this current series, but a bit re-jiggled (I might pinch some PARTICULAR events from other series' too!) <3 Chapter 3 Notes: As always, enjoy reading and find me at kyloripped.tumblr.com! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was the fifth week of the competition, and Ren was pounding on the side of the reinforced office adjoining the tent, not caring one jot who heard him. "Hux!" He shouted, ignoring a member of the production team that skidded past, looking alarmed, "Hux it was an accident, I swear it! Hux!" When he stopped pounding for a moment there was a voice, cold and clear behind the door. "Don't talk to me." Hux said, his pure venom travelling through wood and air and into Ren’s thick skull, "Don’t look at me. Don't even breathe in my direction." "H-u-x." Ren whined, but he stopped pounding. He slid down the door, his back hitting the wood. "It was an honest accident." He said, knowing it sounded weak even to his own ears. He heard a strangled sort of laugh, but then Hux went straight back to ignoring him. There had been an...incident. That's what Ren was determined to call it- a pure accident that could have happened to anybody. It had been a swelteringly hot day in the tent, not at all aided by the bakers huffing and puffing beside their even hotter ovens, adding to the general malaise of sweat and stress. Quite unfairly, they all thought, they had been set the fiddly task of making a Baked Alaska, nigh on impossible in that heat. And, somehow, Ren tried hard to shift the blame to someone else, it appeared that in the general confusion and hubbub of the kitchen, Hux’s Baked Alaska had been taken out of the freezer for a short while. However, those precious few moments in the heat had their toll on the dessert, and the entire tent turned around when they heard a perfectly calm, measured, "What the actual fuck." In a normal situation, one might have been able to laugh it off, but in this situation it was akin to high treason. The camera crew seemed to be struggling to decide whether to focus the camera towards or away from Hux, so frightening was his cold, calm fury. His furious eyes darted from the melting blob that has only just recently been an intricate creation, burning into each contestant like a finely tuned laser. "This is sabotage." He said, quietly at first, but they all heard it, "Who is trying to sabotage me?" He said, his voice gaining in volume at every word. "Oh, shit," One of the camera operators, Unamo, whispered to someone beside her, "Get Leech. We need some back up, he looks ready to murder someone." The bakers all took a collective step backwards as Hux menaced towards them, wielding a spatula in one hand the way one might wield a large sword. "Well?" Hux demanded, "Who was it? Or do I have to play nice and ask oh so politely ?" The remaining bakers looked at each other. Ren was the only one who stayed completely still, staring out at the freezer in mild horror. It had been such a whirlwind of a task, and he had been at the freezer recently, but it couldn't have been him, it couldn't- "Was it you?" Hux directed this at Finn, who looked frightened at his building wrath but stood his ground nonetheless. "Nope." He said, bravely. "I wasn't the last person at the freezer." But he stopped speaking, not wanting to be the one to unveil the unfortunate culprit. Sadly, Hux picked up on this fumble like a hound sniffing for rabbits. "So you do know who was the last person there?" He shot at him. And when Finn stayed quiet, he said, "Am I really going to have to ask the camera crew to show me the footage? Is that actually what's going to happen right now? Who was it? ." This shouting got through to Finn like nothing else had. "R-Ren." He said, apologetically. A few people away from him, Ren gave a sharp exhale of breath. "You fucking traitor." He hissed, but it was almost lost as Hux spun to face him. Cringing under his fury, Ren was quite powerless to do anything other than wait for Hux to shout at him. He waited, and- Hux turned from them all, marched to his plate with the melted mess of a dessert. In the utter silence, he picked up the baked Alaska and in one swift movement dumped it into a bin, plate and all. The dessert fell to the bottom of the bin with a resounding thud, the crash of smashing crockery such a contrast to his cold, clinical movements. And, without another word or a glance backwards he marched from the tent, slamming the door behind him. There was a stunned silence after he had left. No one had ever thrown their food away in the history of Bake Off, to their knowledge. It was unprecedented. Ren stared outwards at the door, almost choking on his feeling of guilt and shame. "I've got to go to him." Ren blurted, and the other bakers just stared at him openly. "It's your funeral, mate." Phasma told him, looking like she would personally rather do anything else. Ren was inclined to agree, but he had to go. He had to fix this mess. No one made a move to stop him as he skidded past the various pastel coloured work surfaces; perhaps they thought he deserved it. He thought they were probably right. And so, here he was, back against the cheap wood that was closed so firmly against him. He could hear nothing from Hux now, and sat staring at the softly fluttering side of the tent in front of him, not really seeing it at all. Eventually, a very sorry looking Thanisson emerged down the corridor. He gave Ren an apologetic look, as if he sympathised with being confined with an apoplectic Hux in this tiny space. "Uh, Ren?" He said, not unkindly, “We're doing the judging soon. You've lost a bit of time on the task, I don't suppose you want to go back and...?" There was utter silence from the other side of the door, and Ren knew that Hux was most probably listening into this conversation. He spoke loudly and clearly. "No." He said, "No, I'll be judged with everyone else." A brief crease of worry passed between Thanisson’s eyebrows, but he let it be for now. "O-kay." He said, heavily, and he took a deep breath. "Hux?" He called out, feeling like he very much deserved to be given a pay rise for doing this, "We, um, need you back in the tent, if that's alright?" Silence. "We can give you a little more time." Thanisson said quickly, aware of the snub, "I mean, whatever you feel is-" Cutting through his words, the door clicked open. Hux stepped through, poised as a dancer, calm as if he had just left a business meeting. Most noticeably, he refused to look at Ren. He moved past his large body without touching him, a mean feat in the cramped corridor, and stood in front of Thanisson. He raised his eyebrow. "I'm expected?" He said, quietly, ignoring Ren. "Y-yes." Thanisson replied, sounding both relieved and frightened that he had left the room so readily,"We’re doing the judging so-" "Lead the way." Hux said, somewhat drily, "I’m on absolute tenterhooks." Knowing that it would be foolish to speak, Thanisson walked down the corridor. Ren opened his mouth, but before any sort of pathetic apology could appear Hux strode as quickly as he could after the frantic footsteps, and Ren was left quite alone. He stood, blinking, until he remembered that he of course had to be back for the judging too. With a swallow, he moved down the beige lined corridor. The judging, as they all expected, was absolutely excruciating. The judges moved around the room innocently enough, but always avoiding Hux and Ren's consecutive tables. It was a subtle thing, but it was obvious that they were leaving the most juicy contestants until last. When they stood in front of Ren and told him that his dessert was a little messy and unfinished but otherwise nice tasting, he felt no joy in it. It was just a terrible sort of torture to be praised for his Baked Alaska when he knew what trouble Hux was in. Hux stood next to his empty counter, arms folded, leaning almost casually against it. Everything about him was outwardly casual except for his eyes; they were so cold, staring and lingering at anyone who dared look at him for too long. When the judges finally stopped by his table there was a very awkward silence. "So, you threw your dessert away." Snoke said, quite mildly, although it hid a multitude of suggestions within. Maz looked saddened by this fact and its inevitable consequences, but Hux was entirely neutral. It was almost scary how calm he seemed. "Yes." He said, quite shortly. It was dangerously close to being rude, unusual for him, and Snoke didn't look too impressed at this hint of attitude. "So you now have nothing to present." Snoke said. "Yes." "And you fully understood the consequence when you threw it away?" "Yes." "Even though we explicitly state that one must present one’s bake at the end of a task?" "Yes." There was a pause as Snoke considered him, knowing full well that he was arguably one of the best bakers on the show. However, rules were still rules. He opened his mouth to condemn him and- "I quit." Said Ren, loudly and clearly before they could say any more. There was a collective hush at this extraordinary announcement, eyes darting to each other in utter shock. Feeling Hux’s utterly surprised gaze burning into him, Ren took a deep breath, "Don't kick him out because of that. It was my fault. I...I deserve to go." "Ren?" Said Maz, softly. "I didn't mean to." Ren hastened to add, "But I did, and Hux shouldn't suffer the consequences. So I quit, and he can stay." Maz and Snoke exchanged a glance. It was loaded with bewilderment, surprise and mostly sadness. Despite his shortcomings, Ren was greatly liked in the tent. There was just something so wonderfully surreal about seeing that tall, muscled shape leaning over delicate pastries, his large hands dwarfing tiny bowls or plates as he worked hard on his creations. They would be sorry to see him go. Snoke considered Ren carefully, his obvious favourite for this series. The tall baker was clearly horrified about what he was offering, wanting victory almost as much as Hux, but he tilted his him up in acceptance. Glancing towards the cameras, Snoke's eye was caught then by the frantic shape of Thanisson, stood just out of range of the cameras and shaking his head. He was mouthing the word, “ No .” And tapping his ear piece with an exaggerated tap tap. Clearly, he was being spoken to by the head producer. And, also clearly, the head producer was not pleased with the current situation. Knowing there was little time to smooth this over, Snoke said, “Let’s not get hasty, Ren. We’ll take what you have said into consideration, but Maz and I must discuss this situation by ourselves.” He let that hang for a moment, and Ren looked horrified. “But,” He began, “But-“ “Everyone just have a breather, alright?” Maz said, kindly, directing this statement particularly towards the frozen figure of Hux, “Let’s not make rash decisions based on what might or might not have happened.” “But it did happen-“ Ren protested. “No rash decisions.” Maz smiled, but her eyes spoke firmly to Ren. Shush. Let the adults sort this out. Ren opened his mouth again, perhaps to argue more, but thankfully he seemed to realise that he would be fighting a losing battle. He leant back onto his work surface, moodily casting his eyes downwards until the judges and camera crew left, perhaps to talk to the producer about how to deal with this entirely unprecedented situation. The rest of the bakers tactfully turned back to their workstations, and a few even left to go outside to be asked questions for the little contestant interviews that played in between each task. When there were only a few people left in the tent busily banging pots and pans and other detritus, Ren allowed himself to glance at Hux. He didn't expect the cold, green eyes to be looking at him as well. There was a pause, full to the brim with tension. “I suppose you want me to be on my knees thanking you for your oh so noble sacrifice.” Hux quipped, voice tight. “Well, tough shit. I refuse to indulge you.” “I don't care.” Ren replied, and it was true, “Think what you like. I meant what I said.” “What, about it being entirely your fault?” Hux said, raising his eyebrow, “Because that's an entirely accurate observation. It was your fault, and taking the hit for it is no concern of mine.” This sheer ungratefulness irked Ren for some reason. He tried to act as calm as Hux, but it was a struggle to keep the rage from boiling to the surface as it always inevitably did. “You know what, Hux?” He snapped, unable to keep a bite of fury out of his voice, “You're not the only person in this tent who wants to win. Yeah, I accidentally messed up your bake, but you threw it away. I didn't have to throw myself to the mercy of the judges. But I did, and I'd appreciate just a little bit of fucking thanks, actually, because I don't want to leave this tent today.” A muscle worked in Hux’s jaw. He took a deep breath, allowing it to fill his chest before it came out in a soft puff. “Thank you for your noble suffering.” He said, and despite Ren’s obvious sincerity, he couldn't help it from coming out just a little patronisingly. Ren flared up again. “Oh, fuck you.” He said, “I meant I didn't want either of us to leave this tent, you absolute asshole. I don't know why I even bother.” He began striding away from the work surface then, muttering dark curses under his breath. Hux watched him go, and it was only when Ren was halfway through the door of the tent that the strange and absurd feeling that he should run after him hit him firmly in the chest. But, Hux quashed such silliness and watched the dark hair flap into the verdant, buzzing garden, and when he turned back to his own work station he saw Phasma leaning towards him, shaking her head. “What?” He snapped, already annoyed at her exasperated expression. She didn't seem even slightly intimidated by his anger. “That was super smooth, Hux.” She said, leaning her head on her great arms despite the spots of flour dotted here and there on her skin. “What on earth are you taking about?” He demanded. She just snorted at him, derisive. “I may have misinterpreted the situation slightly,” Phasma said drily, “But I think I just witnessed Ren putting his neck on the line for you even though he obviously would kill to win and he's been mooning over you for weeks now.” “I-“ Hux was caught quite by surprise, unable to articulate himself as eloquently as he would have liked, “Mooning?” Was all that he could get out. Phasma just laughed at him, the vibrations running through the wood. “Hux.” She said, sounding like she was drawing on some much needed patience, “Ren was good at the start of the competition. Really good, but not necessarily the best. Have you not seen how much better Ren’s gotten since he's realised that if he gets booted off he won't be able to talk to you anymore?” Feeling his face getting very hot, Hux found that he couldn't think of any suitable retort to this extraordinary theory. There was a certain sting of truth to her words; Ren's creations had become more elaborate and television worthy the more the competition had gone on. But he had just put it down to the fact that, underneath his graceless clattering and messy delivery, Ren was actually quite skilled at his work. He couldn't find the words to articulate this to Phasma, however. Instead, he struggled to think of an argument. “If he's so desperate to bake with me, why did say he wanted to quit?” He asked, playing his trump card. This did nothing to dissuade Phasma, however. She gave another laugh. “You really are being deliberately dense today.” She said, amused, “He just told you how much he wanted to be in the competition, and he still sacrificed it for you. He doesn't really want to quit, you moron, he wants to make sure that you don't go.” Refusing to look at her so that he didn't have to admit that she was right, Hux folded his arms across his chest. It took him a moment to reply. “It's rude to listen into other people's conversations, you know.” He said, a little shortly. “To be honest, it's hard not to with you two fog-horning about.” She said, “Don’t shoot the messenger.” And she rose off of the counter, leaving Hux to digest her words. When the bakers were arranged into their customary line on the stools, waiting for judgement, for the first time Ren was as far away from Hux as he could possibly get. This fact was not lost on the other bakers, who seemed to be working overtime to be bright and chatty to cover for their decidedly surly contestants. When Snoke and Maz re-entered the room, all pretence at levity was lost as the two judges and the two hosts stood in front of them. The cameras whirred to follow the movements as See-Threepio stepped forwards, looking nervous. “Bakers.” He said, inclining his head towards them, “What a day it's been! We haven't seen a day like it on the bake off, have we Artoo?” The smaller host just shook his head, quiet and letting his expression doing the talking as always. There was a nervous laugh from one of the bakers, breaking through the awful tension. It seemed to encourage See-Threepio, somehow. “Well,” He said, quite brightly, “It falls on me to have the excellent task of announcing this week’s Star Baker…” The contestants blinked back at him; in the whirlwind of drama, they had quite forgotten that there would be a Star Baker this week. Hux was so startled that he almost missed their host talking. “…and this baker puts the desert in dessert, yes, you heard right- it's Rey, again!” There was a soft “Oh.” Of surprise from Rey as Poe and Finn clasped her on the back, looking gleeful. “Knew you could do it.” Finn said, looking genuinely pleased. Watching them, Hux secretly wished he knew how to be pleased for someone's success rather than bitter about his own failure. Before he could dwell on this, however, the excitement and joy in the room dulled as Artoo shifted meaning fully on one short leg. “Sadly.” He said, in his sharp, high voice, “It falls on me to announce who will be leaving us this week. It really does get harder and harder every time.” Hux made sure that he was sitting up straight; whatever their host said, he wanted to be aloof and calm until the end. “And that's why,” Absurdly, he broke into a smile, “I’m happy to announce that this week there will be no eliminations. It's a new one in Bake Off history!” There was a moment as the bakers absorbed this announcement. No eliminations? Hux stared at them, glad that he had already arranged his face into neutrality. Knowing that the bakers would soon start whispering amongst themselves, Snoke spoke. “We shall be having double eliminations next week, however.” He told them, “So don't be lax.” His gaze lingered particularly upon Hux as he said this. Maz seemed to sense this and dove in before Hux could scowl back. “It was a difficult decision to make, but we thought that it seemed the fairest.” She said, her gaze flickered to Snoke for a moment as if to say well, some of us. Soon after this, the bakers began to disperse. There were indeed a few whispers as some people seemed to think that the turn of events were ever so slightly unfair, but no one wanted to speak too loudly with the looming figures of Hux and Ren behind them at the back of the shifting crowd. They all moved into the bracing air of the garden outside of the tent, breathing in the soft, heavy scents of the summer flowers. Striding with purpose, Ren seemed determined to ignore the fact that Hux was keeping pace with him. Grasping his motorcycle helmet firmly in his arms, he picked his swift way across the grass, dodging a delicate flower or two that stood in his path with an unusual delicacy. Next to him, Hux took a deep breath. “Ren?” He said, hating how weak it sounded in the open air. The great body stopped immediately, so quickly in fact that Hux almost bumped into him. “What?” He demanded, roughly, “What have I done now?” “Nothing.” Hux said, and he knew that this wasn't quite true, “Well, nothing, except being a decent human being.” The dark eyes searched him, waiting, and Hux knew what he was supposed to do. It took him a moment, but then, “Thank you. I lost myself in there.” And Ren just stared at him, very still, his dark clothes almost silhouetted against the bright, blooming backdrop of the garden. He was like a statue in that soft green space, all hard lines and deliberate curves and really quite beautiful when one cared to look at him properly. That had been obvious from the start, but had never been quite clear until Hux was stood at his mercy, wondering if he had destroyed their tentative respect that had been blooming for the past few weeks. Hux gave a cough when Ren just continued to stare at him. “Have I said something wrong again?” The face shifted just a little. “I'm trying to think of a reply that doesn't include telling you what an absolute fucking asshole you are.” “Don't try, then.” Hux suggested. A twitch of a smile worked on Ren's face. “You're a fucking asshole.” Ren told him, “But you're welcome, I suppose.” When Ren didn't make a move towards the car park, Hux realised that he still seemed to be waiting for more from him. He guessed that he owed Ren that much. “I apologise.” Hux said, “People don't often put themselves on the line for me. It's…hard not to think that there's an ulterior motive at play.” “Oh.” Ren said. It seemed that he had not expected this answer. “I guess that makes sense. But not everyone's out to get you, you know. Least of all me.” “Mmm.” Hux muttered, “Perhaps not.” And then, absurdly, Ren brought out his hand. “Truce?” He said, waving the large fingers in front of Hux’s face, “I'll promise not to destroy any more of your food, and you'll promise not to assume that I'm an awful human being?” Hux had to laugh. “Truce.” He agreed, and took the large, warm hand. Ren seemed to have his head cocked as he considered Hux’s face. “That smile is much less scary than your other one.” He said, and Hux found that he had no answer to that. *** The next day, Hux lay on the starched single bed of his hotel room, starring up at the light cracks peppering the ceiling like spiderwebs. The next stage of the competition was being filmed back to back with the previous one, and so the bakers that lived far off were holed up in an old hotel while they waited to be called back to the tent. Hux felt the room to be slightly mediocre to his tastes, but lying down was a balm after the frantic day before. Even so, it was ever so slightly boring to just lie there with nothing to do. Hux half-wished he had a partner who could stay with him and offer support, as he had seen some of the other bakers doing. Vaguely, he wondered if Ren was hiding someone in his room, although he was fairly certain that he had seen the tall, dark figure lugging a single suitcase up the stairs and hadn't seen him since. Frowning, Hux turned over on the bed, wondering why he even cared. When the sun began to cast its strong fingers of light through the gaps in the curtains, Hux stared at the tiny motes of dust hovering in the air until he realised that he should start getting ready. In a short time he was dressed sharply in his dark turtleneck and tight trousers, and when he reached to make a coffee with the cafetière that came with the room he realised with horror that he was fresh out. He sat back down on the bed, frowning. He did not relish the thought of going to the breakfast room of the hotel and forcing himself to make excruciating small talk with the other bakers, most of whom he was certain either disliked him or were frightened of him. But he was dying for a coffee, and knew from experience how foul he might be without it. He wondered vaguely if the other contestants would be facing a dilemma like his, and an absurd but also tempting idea occurred to him. Part of his mind wondering what the hell he thought he was doing, Hux treaded the gaudy patterned carpet to Ren's hotel room, the odd light flickering above him as he moved his way down. His fist hovered momentarily over the cheap wood, and then he was knocking before he could stop himself. A few knocks in, and the door swung open on its creaking hinges. He gaped. Ren was, of all things, shirtless. Tiny droplets of water that hinted at a recent shower fell from his damp mane off hair and onto his freckled torso that seemed to have an ethereal shine in the dull doorway, the shadows etching his defined muscles to make them look even more impressive. Ren scanned the shocked Hux hovering at the threshold, but did not look the least embarrassed that he was half dressed. "Oh." He said, sounding surprised, but not displeased, "I thought you were room service. Have you taken on a new job?" That made Hux snap his eyes away from his absurdly thick chest. "No." He said, attempting his usual clipped tones, "I have run out of that awful tripe they call instant coffee, but unfortunately it's the only coffee I have. I wish to propose a trade before I go into that tent and murder someone without it." Ren's lip twitched. "What makes you think I want to trade anything?" He asked, folding his arms as he leant against the frame. Unfortunately, this only served to press his pecs closer together, and it was hard to look away from this somewhat mesmerising sight. "I'll give you anything." Hux said, quite distracted, and then realised his fumble too late as Ren raised his eyebrows, “Anything from my own ingredients, of course.” He elaborated, already feeling his face burning. Ren seemed endlessly amused by him. “Hmm.” Ren said, considering him, “I would love being owed a favour. I'll give you all of my coffee and you can let me decide what that will be.” And before Hux could protest that this wasn't exactly what he had in mind, Ren padded across the beige carpet and towards the cupboard that held the tea tray that came with the room. When Ren bent over the jar that held the coffee, Hux was treated to the sight of his deliciously broad muscled back with its multitude of freckles and criss-crossed scars, his jogging bottoms slipping dangerously on his hips. Hux swallowed. Dear lord, he thought, praying to some long forgotten entity of baking, please give me the strength not to fuck him . Grasping a few packets of instant coffee in his large hands, Ren twisted to see Hux still staring at him and seemed to preen, moving back across the room with exaggerated slowness. He was loving this, Hux knew, flaunting that ripped, enticing body and knowing that Hux couldn't escape or even look away. He felt decidedly hot, and it didn't have much to do with the pervasive warmth of the hotel rooms. Thankfully, Ren reached him. He handed over the coffee and Hux took it quickly, needing to make a swift escape. Ren's hands lingered on his for just a shade too long, his grin wolfish. “You know.” He said, when Hux grasped the coffee towards his body, “It’s pretty cute that you came here to ask for my coffee when we both know that you can get it downstairs for free.” He gave an almost stretch, knowing that Hux wouldn't be able to look away from the sight of his muscles, “Glad I could help, though.” “Don't flatter yourself.” Hux said, but it came out a little tighter than he had intended. A deep, throaty laugh followed him as he escaped down the corridor, and Hux couldn't help the traitorous thought that he wished he had stayed in Ren's room and shut him up properly. Notes: I apologise if the formatting of this chapter is strange- I have broken my computer and had to write the entirety of this on my phone! But enjoy, this chapter is heavily influenced by the Baked Alaska Gate on the Bake Off a few years ago, I had to include it because it was one of the most hilarious/horrifying things to ever happen on the show! Poor Hux. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux thought that the next part of the competition would be easy, that he would storm through it with the skill and proficiency that he had proved thus far, sweeping himself to victory. He was, of course, entirely wrong about this. It was Ren’s fault. Hux was quite determined to go with this theory, because to consider the alternative was absolutely unthinkable. In week six, he found himself increasingly distracted by his tall, intense contestant. Ren just had a certain talent to draw the eye no matter what one was trying to get done; his stupidly muscled arms flashed in the corner of Hux’s eye as Ren pounded dough far too loudly, his voice a low rumble that washed over him whenever the hosts moved to his work station. When Ren leaned over their boundary to throw some banter over to him, Hux nearly dropped his bowl. Ren, for some absurd reason, had his hair tied up in a messy bun, presumably to keep it out of his eyes in the pervading heat of the tent. The lack of his long, dark hair framing his face accentuated his cheekbones, and it unexpectedly suited him, Hux could not fail to notice. He looked quizzical as Hux, certain that his face was betraying him in that damned blotchy way it sometimes did, fumbled to save some almonds from spilling out of his slightly tipped bowl. “Here.” Ren offered, leaning over the workspace. Before Hux could stop him, a big hand grabbed a handful of the almonds, and plopped them back into the bowl. As Ren stretched out to do this, his shirt slipped a little and Hux was treated to the slight hint of a long scar on his shoulder. He remembered seeing it from the unfortunate incident at the hotel, and forced himself to stay entirely neutral as his mind was assaulted with fresh memories of Ren’s bared torso, too beautiful to be contained in a drab hotel doorway. He liked scars. Oh, shit. And then, Ren grinned at his forced composed expression, and Hux knew that his cheeks must at least be a little red. “You alright?” He said, and his eyes almost sparked with amusement, “I think this is one of the first times I’ve seen you properly flustered.” “Flustered?” Hux snorted, “Hardly. Keep your grimy paws off of my food.” He’s not my type, he’s not my type , Hux told himself in a stern sort of mantra as Ren just laughed and turned away, gripping his ceramic mixing bowl slightly harder than was strictly necessary. You motherfucking liar, his brain hissed back, he’s so your type he might as well have been handpicked by you to be on this damned show. He carried on baking, deliberately avoiding looking at the workstation behind him and the inevitably smug face hovering there. Well, if Ren wanted to play dirty that was just fine by him. Two could play at that game. With a grim sense of determination, he put his lime and ginger meringue pie in the oven, bending down to watch its progress. He could have sworn that he had caught Ren watching him a couple of times in previous challenges when he bent over his oven, the dark head of hair turning quickly as Hux saw him spying. Hux stayed down a little longer than he really needed to, before throwing casually over his shoulder, “Ren?” And of course, Ren was looking at him. For how long, Hux wasn’t quite sure, but his sheepish expression hinted that it had been longer than was probably appropriate. How excellent. “Yeah?” Ren replied, trying to sound nonchalant. Hux attempted to hide his smirk. “Could I borrow you for a second? I need your opinion on something." For a moment, Ren just blinked at him. He knew Hux far too well by now to see this as anything other than a trap, but curiosity got the better of him. He strode over, and the cameras were thankfully focused on Rey and Finn chatting merrily together over their respective ovens. Ren came to a stop just behind Hux’s bent body, and it was obvious that he was trying, and failing, not to look at his ass. Hux was glad that he had opted to pick his tight, black jeans today, as he knew that despite his skinny frame he looked good. “One second,” Hoisting himself up from the ground, Hux grabbed for Ren’s forearm to drag himself upwards. This, perhaps, was a little too presumptuous, but Ren made no move to stop him, and in fact Hux could feel the strength in his arm as he helped to hoist him up. Hux took a moment to pat some flour from the front of his trousers before turning back to the unusually quiet figure. “Over here.” He said, moving to his bowl of almonds, now sugared and prepared. Ren followed him dutifully, and Hux couldn’t help but feel just a little pleased that he was following him without question. He picked up a couple of almonds and brought them up to Ren’s plump lips, tapping on his lower lip. “Open up.” He said, sweetly. Dark, intense eyes locked onto his, Ren did so. They really were the kind of brown that didn’t announce itself, but was soft and lovely when one looked at them properly. Hux found that he couldn’t easily look away from them, and felt his finger touch very briefly onto Ren’s lips, and even that felt like a small victory. Ren chewed and swallowed, not looking away for a second. “And how was that?” Hux asked him. When Ren spoke, his voice was low. “Nice.” He said, roughly, and then seemed to compose himself, “Really nice. Why are you force-feeding me almonds? You’re not even using them for this bake.” “Oh, Ren,” Hux laughed, noticing for the first time in this close proximity that Ren had freckles on his face, and that his cheeks might, might have just been a little pink, “It doesn’t hurt to be prepared, does it? I obviously want you to be intimidated by the beautiful way in which I have prepared my-“ He gave a choke as Ren darted his hand behind him, grabbed, and stuffed a few almonds in Hux’s mouth, moving too quickly for him to prevent it from happening. Hux made an ungraceful noise as Ren’s fingers lingered on his lips, pinching them closed. “You should always try your own food.” Ren told him, innocently enough, “Or you’ll have to trust me, and where on earth would that lead you?” Hux tried to reply, but Ren bent across him to get more almonds and he was too busy chewing to make any real words. Feeling helpless, Hux hit him in the chest, his fist making a soft thud on the wide, cream expanse of his apron. Ren laughed, and grabbed his skinny wrist to stop him from doing it again, although it didn’t hurt him at all. Hux was frustrated by this fact, and tried very hard not to be impressed with Ren’s firm grip, and tried to use his other hand to swing a punch upwards. With barely an effort, Ren had both of his wrists above his head. “Nice try,” His grin was very sharp as he pushed him against the worktop, “Shame you’re so tiny-“ “I am not-“ “Utterly tiny.” “I am not, you big oaf-“ And then, there was a very pointed cough from somewhere behind them. Both of their heads turned to see every other person in the tent watching them, contestants and camera crew alike. Their upturned faces were varying between shocked, confused and, in Leech’s case, trying furiously to get the cameras to move to their area. Feeling them watching them, Hux was very aware that Ren had him shoved unceremoniously against the worktop, holding his hands over his head; consumed with trying to get one over on Ren, he had actually forgotten that they were being filmed. Ren let go of him immediately, looking equally embarrassed at this sudden attention. “Uh.” For some reason, Ren looked especially mortified as See-Threepio came up to him. “Is, um, everything alright, Ren?” He asked, quite cheerfully, but with a slight undercurrent of what on earth is going on? “Yeah.” Ren said, a little forced, “We were just…messing around.” “Exactly.” Hux agreed, aware that out of everybody in the tent he was the one who was least likely to indulge in ‘messing around.’ See-Threepio seemed inclined to agree. “Okay!” He said, quite brightly, “Play nice, boys. You should be pounding your dough not each-“ Luckily, Artoo emerged from nowhere and pushed See-Threepio away before he could finish this unfortunate statement. As he spluttered into the distance, Ren already had his face in one hand, muttering softly, “Oh, for fuck’s sake." For once, Hux was inclined to agree. *** The rest of the task was plagued with distractions. Despite his best attempts to resume his usual standard, Hux couldn’t stop thinking of Ren pressing him against the worktop, his big hands dwarfing his wrists. This, twinned with a technical challenge that was utterly alien to him gave Hux the worst task he had completed in the whole Bake Off thus far. Fougasse was the name of the bread they were supposed to be making, and Hux stared at the vague instructions on the paper they were all provided, hardly seeing it at all. He tried to shake himself out of it; he could not afford to slip up now. They were getting closer to the end of the competition, and it would be absolutely humiliating to be kicked off now. And somewhere, in a deep part of him that he refused to acknowledge, he was fully aware that if he left the Bake Off, he would have no real reason to see Ren. He shook himself. That was a shit reason to want to stay. Hux depended on no one, he was doing this for himself, he was, he was …he turned deliberately away from Ren, furious at himself for being so weak. The task dragged on, accentuated by his infuriating lack of knowledge. Hux got angrier and angrier the more he tried to shape the bread, and the cameras deliberately avoided him, warily watching him slap the dough down. When he was forced to turn around to gather certain ingredients, he kept on catching Ren watching him, and this somehow made him more annoyed. After the third or so time this happened and Hux continued to scowl at him, Ren seemed to get the message and hurried to work in a corner of his station, away from that molten gaze. When Hux scored second to last in the technical, the judges tried and ultimately failed to hide their surprise. Ren coming last was no real surprise, he had always been patchy at this challenge, but he seemed especially surly this time. When the judging was over, Hux kept on hearing him sigh, so much so that he was forced to ask, “What is the matter with you?” It came out meaner than he had intended, and Ren’s jaw clenched. “Nothing.” He said, a little petulantly. Hux tried very hard not to roll his eyes. “Like hell it’s nothing,” Hux said, “Just because you came last isn’t the end of the world. I was just behind you and…” When Ren wouldn’t look at him, the realisation hit him smack in the face, as if he had known all along. “You were watching me, weren’t you?" Ren crossed his arms, breathing heavily through his nose. “Don’t flatter yourself.” He snapped. And that was all the evidence that Hux needed. “Oh, you idiot.” Hux was torn between feeling furious and flattered, despite himself, “Why would you do that? I know it’s a shock, but I’m not perfect.” “I,” Ren looked embarrassed, “Oh Hux, don’t make me say it.” “Say what?” Hux demanded, “Do you copy me every week? Is that why you’re doing so well?” It was a low blow, and he knew it. Ren’s icy pause told him that much. “You motherfucker.” Ren said, drawing it out, “You really think I’m that shit, don’t you? And I was this close to telling you... “ He pinched the bridge of his nose, apparently too annoyed to carry on. Hux felt a strange feeling then, hearing something in Ren’s voice that he couldn’t quite work out. It thawed him, just a little. “Tell me what?” He asked. Ren gave a sigh. “I don’t copy you.” Ren said, with the air of someone forcing a confession, “I respect you as a baker, okay? Copying you would be an insult, because the truth is I’m a shittier baker than you. So don’t insult me like that.” And then, Hux felt this unexpected praise wash over him. Respect? He thought Ren just grudgingly thought he was a decent baker. “I seem,” Hux started, “To have gotten the wrong end of the stick." This, unexpectedly, make Ren snort in derision. “That’s the closest to an apology I’m going to get, isn’t it?” He said, raising his eyes to the heavens, “Oh well. For the record, I was looking at what you were doing in the technical, which is what everyone else does, may I add. But I fucked it up without your help, actually.” “Well, I fucked up too.” Hux pointed out, “So maybe we’re similarly skilled, after all. Your talents, like mine, obviously lie elsewhere.” Ren opened his mouth, and then closed it again. Hux realised that it was the first proper compliment that he had paid towards Ren, and he saw the tall baker take it, absorb it, and store it somewhere within himself. “Smooth talker.” He muttered, and then plodded to his own workstation. Hux let him go, feeling that it was probably best to let Ren cool down a little. Unfortunately, Ren’s irritation seemed to be leaking into the third task too. Hux had seen this happen on a few previous tasks; when Ren did badly, he tended to dwell on it and he had a few close shaves early on where he just managed to stay on the show. This was fine at the beginning of the competition, where the judges were more lenient, but now they prowled between the contestants with their eagle eyes, dishing out foreboding comments to every baker. When Maz told Ren that his mixture looked a little thick, he didn’t even bother to try his usual charming persona. He just gritted his teeth and folded his arms until they got the message and left him alone. Sorting out his baking tins, Hux tried to ignore the dark cloud clattering about behind him. It was hard, though, as for some absurd reason he felt partly responsible for it. About halfway through their allotted time, the banging and cursing got too persistent for him to ignore. He stepped to the boundary between their countertops. “Ren?” He called over, softly. The broad back stiffened as Ren heard his voice. “Fuck. Off.” He muttered, too quiet for the cameras to pick up, but loud enough for Hux. “ Ren.” Hux said, sharper, “Don’t work yourself up.” There was more muttering after this statement, too low for Hux to hear. He could tell it wasn’t friendly, however. Ren walked further away from Hux, but not before he swore that he said, “Who even cares. I’m just one less person to beat.” There really was nothing Hux could do other than let Ren stew, and pray that he wouldn’t throw the competition away for the sake of a bad mood. It was excruciating waiting for the moment to present their bakes, and it seemed that everyone was trying to do their best to ignore Ren’s foul mood. Everyone, that was, except for See-Threepio who somehow managed to summon a strange amount of patience when it came to that tall ball of fury. “Ren?” He said, stopping a safe distance outside of the workstation. “Are you quite okay?” Hux expected Ren to say something surly back, but instead he closed his eyes, gripping the worktop as if to hold himself up. “I’m finding it hard to stop being angry.” He confessed, to Hux’s surprise. See-Threepio’s eyes softened. “Do you need to go outside?” Ren shook his head, eyes still shut, “Okay.” See-Threepio said, “Good luck anyway, Ben.” The eyes snapped open. See-Threepio brought a hand to his mouth in horror as he saw the furious expression begin to bloom on Ren’s face. "Oh, R-Ren," He started, but was interrupted. "They'll cut that." Ren hissed, eyeing the cameramen not too far away from him, "Right? They'll cut it, if they heard it?" “I’ll tell the production team.” It was the first time that See-Threepio looked frightened of Ren, almost cowering in the face of his pure anger, “I-I’ll make sure of it.” He scrabbled to get away then, leaving Ren breathing heavily in his own workstation. Hux tried very hard to pretend that he had not been paying attention to what had just happened, even though he had not fully understood what had happened. All he knew was that Ren had worked himself into a real bad mood, and that the task was nearly over. When the swift hand of judgement came, Hux knew already that he was in the clear. The judges loved his floral themed cake, assuring him that his presentation was as impeccable as usual. They dished out compliments to most people, and when they got to Ren, they paused. He hadn’t tried very hard with his presentation, looking like he had lost quite a bit of time with his moping. This combined with his terrible technical challenge and good but not particularly memorable first challenge was not a good sign at all. Snoke looked a little disappointed, and Ren took the disappointment hard. It did nothing to aid the sour expression on his face. When they tasted it, Hux gave out a breath that he didn’t know that he had been holding in. Maz was smiling at Ren, and it wasn’t fake at all; it was kind. Apparently despite its lacklustre appearance it tasted good, and Hux hoped that it was enough. Why he was rooting for someone who wasn’t himself to do well, he wasn’t exactly sure, but when they were lined up at the end and Bazine took the hit to leave, Hux felt so relieved, he had to make an extra effort to keep his face composed. Despite being saved, Ren’s face was stony. When the judgement ended and everyone gathered around Bazine to commiserate her loss and to congratulate each other on getting through to the next episode, Ren remained sat on his chair. A couple of people had given him slightly annoyed glances; obviously, they thought he had not quite deserved to be saved this week. Looking at Ren’s surly face, it almost seemed that he agreed with this judgement. Hux stopped by his chair, trying to work out if speaking to Ren would make the situation worse. He decided in the end that he was no coward. “Well done.” He said, “It seems that they liked your bake.” Ren continued to look glum. “It was shit.” He sounded morose, “I scraped getting through to the next round.” “Even so.” Hux conceded, “You were good enough to stay.” Ren didn’t seem to have anything to say to that. He stared forwards, seeming not to take much in. Hux regarded him, chin in hand. “Want to go outside?” He asked, “It’s too bloody hot in here.” To his relief, Ren nodded. When they both made their way across the tent, Hux remembered how playful they had been earlier on in the day; with Ren so sullen behind him, it almost seemed like a different lifetime. Still, he was glad that Ren was being sensible enough to follow him. The grounds outside were as verdant as ever. They walked past the merry crimson marigolds nestled like lost treasures amongst the green, past the soft pink and purple of sweet peas, past the vast loveliness of flowers drinking in the summer sunshine. The sun was beginning to become lower in the sky, casting long shadows behind everything it touched. The day had been long and tiring, and they both breathed in the soft summer air, grateful for its freshness after the stuffy tent. When they saw a large, gnarled oak tree, Hux came to a stop, and heard Ren’s footsteps cease as well. They both sat, the shade of the tree cool and welcome. Hux saw the long legs stretched out in the corner of his eye, and he couldn’t help but think how strange it was that Ren was sat there with him. If someone had told him that this would happen at the beginning of the competition, he would have straight out laughed in their face. But now, he was comfortable. Concerned, yes, but comfortable. He waited for a few moments before he turned to speak to his right. “Feel any better?” He asked. “Mmm.” Ren replied, but he did look a little calmer. The frenzy had gone from his eyes at least, and he seemed to almost sink into the bark. “That’s good.” Hux said, wondering why on earth he continued with these paltry statements. Ren didn’t seem to mind. He appeared to be waiting for Hux to speak, so he took the opportunity, “This isn’t just about nearly losing the task, is it?” Slowly, Ren shook his head. “I should have gone.” He said, bitterly. “People are going to think it’s a fix. I try so…fucking hard, and people are still going to think it.” He bent his head, eyes squeezed shut. Hux felt on the cusp of a new discovery, and knew he had to tread carefully lest he scare Ren away from telling him what was bothering him. “What’s a fix?” Hux asked, “That you got through? Ren, it’s a competition, the judges obviously think that you’re capable-“ “You don’t understand.” Ren insisted. He was being infuriatingly cryptic, and it was beginning to get on Hux’s nerves. “ Make me understand, then.” Hux said, a little grumpily. Ren brought a hand up to run through a loose strand of hair that had escaped his bun, sighing. “Hux." Ren started, before faltering. He tried again, "Hux, you can't tell anyone. Please, it would ruin everything." Ren was so still, Hux knew that whatever he said next would either make or break this tentative peace that they had found with each other. He had to admit that he was curious. "Alright." Hux said, knowing full well that in agreeing to this he was entering into Ren’s trust. "What is it?" Ren sighed, "The thing is..." He started slowly and then broke into a rush, "See-Threepio and Artoo... they're my godfathers, okay?" There was a soft, frantic fluttering as a bird took off from the tree, the only sound in their isolated place for a few beats. It took a moment for the full implications of this to compute with Hux. "What?" Hux said, unable to believe this. Ren looked very awkward, eyes scanning Hux’s reaction with dismay. "They've known my mother for about a million years." He said, and then he groaned, "Oh don't look at me like that." "Like what?" Hux challenged him, though he thought he might have an idea. "I had to audition to get here." Ren said, through gritted teeth, "Like anyone else. I had to go through so much shit, and beg so many people not to tell anyone, it's been so unbelievably stressful." And when he saw Hux’s continued disbelief, "I don't get special treatment." He insisted, hotly. “Mmm.” Said Hux, thinking about how patient See-Threepio had been with him, how much Snoke seemed to favoured him. Ren sat up straight at this, looking even more upset. “I don’t.” He insisted. “Hux? I don’t.” “Okay.” Hux said, knowing how unconvinced he sounded even to his own ears. When Ren continued to look upset by this he elaborated, “Well, Snoke seems to like you a lot. I’m sorry, I’m not going to sugarcoat it for you.” “Oh.” Ren looked uncomfortable at this, “I don’t know why. I mean, he knows about my parents but he doesn’t exactly like them. Oh, Hux,” Ren whined, seeing his face, “I tried so hard to get here. When my godfathers got the hosting job, yeah, I thought it could maybe be my way in. But I baked for years to get to this point. Fucking years Hux, and I still had to audition. This is the first year I got through.” He admitted. Something about this broke Hux through his slight feeling of annoyance. “Right.” And then, all of a sudden, he felt bad, “Okay, I believe you. You don’t need to explain anything. “ He knew how it felt to be judged by someone because of their family connections, perhaps more than Ren knew. The look of relief from Ren was so intense, Hux wondered why he had ever doubted him. “Thanks.” Ren said, roughly, “I know I look like a freeloader, but if I do shittily, I expect them to treat me like everyone else. And they usually do, except for today.” Hux looked to the left, towards the distant dark green of the hedges. Some things were best said lightly, as if they did not matter at all. It wasn’t cowardice to not look at Ren; Hux just didn’t think it was fair to keep staring at him. “You’re not shit.” Hux said, quietly. “Don’t undersell yourself. You’re far better than that.” It was quiet for so long, Hux was unsure if he had somehow upset Ren all over again. When he decided that enough time had passed, he turned to see Ren looking at him with a very slight smile pulling at his large lips. “I can’t work you out sometimes.” He said, “You’re so unfriendly, and even a bit scary when you want to be.” He cocked his head, “But you’re not like that. Not at all. You’re a big,” He reached out a hand to mess up Hux’s neat ginger hair, “Softie.” He finished, rubbing his head. Hux squirmed out of his grasp, spluttering. “Ren!” He complained, wiggling away, “You’re got flour on your hands, you imbecile-“ Ren gave a hearty laugh and tried to do it again, but Hux rolled on the grass to get away. Ren moved to get at him again, but Hux rolled further on the grass until he was red in the face and his apron streaked with green, and Ren was laughing so hard, he was bent over on the grass heaving. The only sound for a while was both of them breathing, each staring at the other on the ground. Before either could say anything else, there was the sound of pattering footsteps on the distance. Neither of them moved, for it was hardly unusual for other people to be wandering the vast gardens. When it became steadily louder, however, Hux straightened, as was only proper. It meant nothing that he was all messed up and streaked with green. Slowly, head darting left and right in her searching, Rey came to a stop when she spied the two figures sat on the ground. She stopped a few steps away, as if she was reluctant to get too close. “Hey,” She said, still friendly despite her caution. Ren was still lying on the ground, not having bothered to get up, and she raised a quizzical eyebrow at him but said nothing. Ren lifted his head. “Hey.” He said back, waiting for her to speak. She pointed her thumb behind her back towards the tent. “They’re doing some of those little interviews back at the tent.” She told them, “Some of the camera people were looking for you guys and they asked me to come and find you.” She sounded a little begrudging that she had been forced to be the messenger, but she had still done it. Hux inclined his head, knowing what a strange picture he and Ren must have made together. “Okay.” He nodded. He turned to Ren, “We should probably get back, if you can stop messing about for five whole minutes.” “Hmm.” Ren said, but he pushed himself off of the ground, “I didn’t hear you complaining at the time.” Rey looked a little uncomfortable at this, and Hux realised how that must have sounded. A faint inking of embarrassment spread throughout him, but he tried to hide it. They made their way as a group back to the tent, the sun dipping ever lower, their shadows long spindly things. Hux was behind Ren, watching his broad back shift as he walked. He’s not allowed to be kicked out. Hux decided, all of a sudden, with a determination that surprised even himself, he’s coming to the final, with me. There were three more stages of the competition to go before then, but by god, Ren was coming with him even if he had to be dragged there. When they got back to the tent, Rey made a swift getaway, spying her already good friends Finn and Poe laughing together near a water dispenser. While Hux and Ren waited to be summoned by the camera crew, they stood by each other, comfortable in the other’s company. While they waited, a sudden thought occurred to Hux. “Ben?” He said, a question. For a second, Ren’s lips pursed. “That’s my name.” He said, dispassionately. ”Well, my old one, anyway. I would appreciate it if you didn’t use it.” “Right.” Hux nodded, and despite how much he didn’t want to he thought it was only fair, “Armitage.” He offered, indicating himself. Ren side-eyed him. “I know.” He said, “Ackbar called you that when we had the meeting with him.” “Yes.” Hux did remember, and found it faintly amusing that Ren had seen fit to note down such an inconsequential detail, “But. You know. I understand.” Ren stared for a long time, and only stopped when a shout including his name from around the corner of the tent broke him out of his reverie. With apparent reluctance, he moved towards the sound. Before he completely left Hux he threw over his shoulder. “Hux?” “Yes?” Said Hux, patiently. “I’m not just in this to win it.” He said, eyes scanning Hux, “Not anymore.” And with that, he was gone, leaving Hux to ponder his words. Notes: I am so sorry to leave such a big gap between chapters! Unfortunately, real life caught up with me. But I am absolutely determined to finish this fic, and soon I will. So, thank you for reading, and please enjoy! Find me at Kyloripped.tumblr.com <3 Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) By the end of week seven, even Hux had to admit that he had an inconvenience on his hands. He had made a vow before he had even auditioned for the show; get in, show the judges what proper baking was, and don’t even think about making friends. The mere thought of making friends with those twee contestants the production team maddeningly seemed to prefer had made him shudder. His chats with Phasma had been purely collateral; she was blunt and dirty off camera, which he found a wonderful breath of fresh air. But Ren, Ren. Try as he might, Hux just couldn’t stop himself from leaning over and throwing over a sarcastic comment or two, and hearing one thrown back over their boundary like a spear. Just couldn’t stop glancing over now and then to admire the rolled-up sleeves on those stupidly big arms. When it got to the end of the last task of the week and Phasma took the hit to leave, he was stung with a brief feeling of regret which was then almost immediately replaced with an absurd relief that Ren would be staying. Phasma clasped a large hand onto his shoulder. “Ah.” She said, with a somewhat wistful air, “I did so want to be in the semi-final at least. Tough luck, I guess. Anyhow, you -“ She squeezed his arm rather hard, “Look after that big bear, okay?” “I have no idea who you are referring to.” Hux replied, as the bear in question shook some stray flour out of its long black hair. Phasma just laughed at him, low and hearty. “Whatever.” She said, not believing him for a second, “He seemed stressed today. I’d be wary of another meltdown.” “…Fine. I’ll babysit him, if I must.” Hux said, a little reluctantly. He side-eyed Ren then, as if wary that he might break down there and then. Ren just looked back at them both, wide-eyed and questioning. “Don’t worry.” Phasma called out, voice carrying in the stuffy air, “We’re just talking about you.” This made Ren huff. He sauntered over to them, his big boots clattering on the ground as he approached. Neither of the other remaining contestants deigned to join in their small gathering; Rey and Finn seemed to be enjoying each other’s company, hugging and laughing together at the wonderful notion that they had gotten through another week. Ren stopped next to Phasma. “Good things, I hope?” He said, casually, but there seemed to be a slight edge to it. Before Hux could even begin to answer, Phasma butted in. “Oh yes, of course.” She said, sweetly, “Hux was just saying how much he’d love to babysit you-“ Hux elbowed her away before she could continue that traitorous train of thought. “Weren’t you supposed to be kicked off?” Hux demanded, crossly, “Go away.” Phasma just continued laughing all the way to the hooks with their gathered coats on. Hux could hear it ringing through the tent as he saw Ren tight-lipped next to him. He didn’t seem to see the funny side of it. “What?” Hux asked, although he thought he might know why. “I don’t need babysitting.” Ren said, sounding annoyed. “Why would she say that?” “It was a joke.” Hux wished he were just a little taller; it was irritating that Ren could loom over him in that particular way of his, trying his hardest to be intimidating. It was a waste, really, because Hux no longer found him particularly intimidating. Ren gave another huff and Hux wished he would stop. It made him sound like an angry horse. “In that scenario, I would be babysitting you .” Ren said, grumpily, ”I’m taller-“ “Oh, hardly.” “And older-“ “Ren, I’m thirty-four.” His eyes widened. There, Hux had finally caught him by surprise. He had actually wondered if Ren was younger than him; he did, after all, seem to have that bohemian I-don’t-give-a-fuck attitude that some of the younger guys at the office also had. Ren tried to change tactic, although it was obvious that he was distracted by this unexpected fact. “I’m…wiser?” “Oh, Ren.” Hux raised an eyebrow, “Do you really want to go down that route? I assure you, it will only lead to failure.” Ren opened his mouth to retaliate, and seemed to think better of it. Refusing to accept that he had been bested by Hux, he just mumbled under his breath and shoved past him. Shunted against the worktop, Hux suppressed a laugh; he found Ren more silly than annoying these days. He had learnt to separate these mildly grumpy instances from the real thing. If, for example, Ren stilled for a moment it wasn’t the fractured calm that often precluded a meltdown. It meant that he was taking a moment to calm down, breathe and move on. On the other hand, an increase in his general clatter, sighing and hard slapping of dough on the worktop often meant a sour mood was afoot. It was rather a fun puzzle to work out for Hux, not unlike baking. He told himself that as he watched Ren move around his space. The day moved on. Despite the staff’s best efforts to dissipate it, the eighth week was fraught with tension. It was the week that decided the quarter final, and all of the five remaining contestants eyed each other carefully. Ren, Hux, Rey, Finn and Poe. Or, Ren and Hux as a unit eyed the others fully aware that they were probably the most disliked out of them all. Even so, they were all cordial to each other as the cameras rolled and the usual banter was thrown about the tent. The first task went as smoothly as could be expected, and Hux did well. Annoyingly so did Rey, which was quite irritating because she seemed to be improving as the weeks moved on, or at least showing some dormant skills. It seemed that there was a dark horse in the competition. He hadn’t accounted for that, and kept her in his periphery even as he watched the judges walk to Ren in that almost menacing way that they had. Ren’s expression darkened as the judges described his pies as sufficient and nothing more. Mediocrity was not tolerated well this late in the competition, and they all knew it. Despite the fact that Poe also seemed to garner a lukewarm response to his dish, Hux recognised that sour look. It did not bode well, if he had learnt anything at all. In the second task, when Hux looked up for his cursory glance at Ren’s workstation he was treated to his lovely, broad back. This would have been more enjoyable if Ren didn’t look so stiff; when Hux changed angle slightly, he could see Ren frowning with that surly way he had. Hux took a breath, knowing from experience how even a word could be a tipping point for Ren. “Hey.” He called over the pastel cupboards, elbows leaning on the top surface, “Shitty task, right?” The dark eyes glanced over at him. They looked very, very pissed off. “This is a fucking mystery.” Ren grabbed the paper so hard it was beginning to wrinkle, waving the almost useless instructions in the humid air. “Six knots and six balls? Seriously? Are they expecting me to pull a goddamn miracle out of my ass?” “Probably.” Hux said mildly, hearing the unbridled panic under his annoyance, “They probably want it to be hard considering the semi-final, don’t you think?” Ren groaned. “Oh, the semi-final. As if I could even forget.” He shook his head like a dog shaking out water, although it seemed to do nothing to help his predicament. “ Ah.” He spat, throwing the paper down in anger. Hux paused in his kneading then, pursing his lip. Ren was working himself up, he could see it as clear as anything, but with the cameras on them he had no idea how to even begin to make him see sense. “Don’t lose sight now.” Hux said, softly lest the cameras pick it up, “We’re all in the same boat-“ Ren gave a harsh laugh at this, completely lacking in mirth, “Ha fucking ha,” He sneered, “You’re all doing fine, all of you. It’s just me who can’t keep it together, as usual.” Hux wanted to disagree with this, but the calmness and easiness of the other bakers was too obvious for him to do so. With reluctance, he had to turn back to his own dough before he lost too much precious time on this fiddly task of making these horrible excuses for desserts. He wanted to find whoever had assigned them to create these so called “Jumbles” and strangle them with his bare, flour covered hands. He wondered vaguely if Ren would volunteer to help him, and spent an inappropriate time thinking about his arms and how strong they might be in that scenario. No one did very well in that task. It was laughable, the shape of the dough when all of their dishes were lined up together. Hux with his engineering expertise had almost managed to cobble together a shape that was something half-decent, but the judges seemed to be struggling to hold back their disappointment in them all. Ren was grumpy throughout, arms crossed and exuding a bad attitude. When they all stood up to do the last task Hux turned to speak to him, to say anything, but Ren was already stomping back to his oven. The poor cameramen in that section of the room seemed a little frightened to be there but were trapped by cameras and cupboards and other such equipment. Hux tried very hard to concentrate on his last dessert, although he was almost certain that he was safe for the semi-final. Ren seemed to know that he was in hot water and wasn’t dealing well with it. He clattered about, cursing, and even See-Threepio and Artoo seemed reluctant to go over to soothe him. Hux thought this seemed a little cruel until he realised that they probably knew how to deal with Ren’s tantrums far better than he did. He took their cue and let Ren simmer by himself. Throughout the tent there seemed to be a busy fervour, a nervous energy that affected everyone who tried to dodge out of its way. Hux heard the camera crew chatting to an animated Finn and then a determined, nimble-footed Rey, but it was all just noise to him. He rolled out dough, his freckled arms covered in flour, trying to find that fragile inner peace that often came to him when baking. He clung to it, breathing those delicious, rich smells that wafted through the air and finding comfort in measuring everything out precisely. In the middle of this, there was the soft sound of something falling. A bowl, ingredients, a tray; Hux didn’t know what it was and wouldn’t have thought anything of it until he recognised the sound that followed after it. With a resounding smack, Ren had thrown himself onto the floor, his broad back hitting the turquoise cupboard behind him with a clatter that jolted the dishes inside of it. He threw his great head into his hands and drew his knees up as if protecting himself from the rest of the room. He made no other sound, and that almost made it seem worse somehow. The other bakers looked up briefly at this sudden commotion and quickly looked down at their ingredients as they registered that it was Ren who had made the racket. The camera crew seemed torn between coming over to help and staying as far away as possible for their own safety. In his own area, Hux eyed him warily and felt something that he would have laughed at before entering this damn show. He felt…pity. A soft, sorry pity. Quietly, as one approached a wounded bear, Hux padded softly towards Ren hardly caring that the cameras whirred immediately their way. He stepped over abandoned patches of flour, wafts of Ren’s oven undeniably delicious as he passed it. When he reached the prone body he stopped, the bottom of his apron only a few feet away. There was no immediate movement. “I’m fucking shit.” The muffled voice said eventually, having heard the approaching footsteps, “I don’t deserve to be here. I don’t deserve to be in the semi-final. I- don’t-“ The large hands gripped his hair, pulling. “Ren.” Hux said softly. Too softly for the cameras. “Stop this.” “Fuck off-“ A hand darted out and hurled something unidentifiable at Hux. With a strange sort of calm, he dodged it, and what he now realised to be a ball of marzipan flew past his head. It bounced harmlessly off the side of the tent, and now the other contestants and crew tried very hard to pretend that they weren’t listening in an attempt to avoid more flying missiles. Hux was made of sterner stuff however, and didn’t even move. Eyes not leaving the shock of dark hair fallen over the hidden face, Hux leant down and placed something next to Ren’s knee. He straightened up, and made no attempts to move away. A few beats later, and the large nose lifted, a flow of hair parting as he looked up. “What’s this?” Ren asked in a small voice, more confused than angry. Hux shrugged, as if it were no problem at all. “It’s a thermometer.” He ventured. “You were making spun sugar, correct?” Hux had passed two abandoned saucepans on his way there with the burnt sugar at the bottom and the source of Ren’s distress, ”You just need to gauge the temperature better. You were doing completely fine before that- it smells lovely.” It took a moment for Ren to answer. He straightened a tad more, thawing just a little under the compliment. “You’re just saying that.” He said cautiously. “I am absolutely not.” Hux told him, sternly, “You’re supposed to be my mortal enemy. My baking enemy, no less. Why would I even try and compliment you if I didn’t mean it?” He nudged the knee with his foot, “You’re doing an appalling job of trying to beat me, you know.” Ren was staring at his foot, a slight crease between his eyes. “Beat you?” He repeated, slowly. “The competition?” Hux reminded him, “The one you’re trying to win, remember?” “Oh.” Ren seemed taken by surprise, “That. Yes.” He enclosed his hand around the thermometer and brought it to himself as if it were something that was precious, easily broken. Hux threw caution to the wind, and offered him a hand as well. Ren blinked up at him, his expressive dark eyes very wide. “Get up.” Hux said to him, “Don’t mope away your chances. You… could win it, you know.” It was difficult to admit, but Ren had to see sense. He had to see the potential that he was wasting. The large hand grasped his, and Hux gritted his teeth as Ren hauled himself up, his big body unfurling from the floor. When he was straightened up, he looked unusually chagrined. “Oh, I don’t know.” He admitted, “I’m not half as good as you- I’m just good at winging it. Always have been. I wish I had your precision.” It was silly how much this compliment meant to Hux. He realised then, perhaps for the first time, why people made friends in the tent. He also felt a little mollified, a feeling that was exacerbated when he looked down to see that he was still holding onto Ren’s hand. Ren seemed to come to the realisation at much the same time, but Hux tugged him forwards before he could let go. “Come on.” Hux said, as they moved to the stovetop. “Let’s try again.” And, strangely, Ren allowed himself to be led. He made no complaint as Hux gathered sugar and measured some water out, guiding Ren’s hand with him, showing him the proper measurements and how to work the ingredients together more efficiently. His small hand rested upon the big one, moving it this way and that, meeting no resistance. When Hux did look up, he saw See-Threepio hovering nervously at the threshold of their workspaces, looking like he wanted to intervene but wasn’t quite sure how. “Um, boys?” He said, cautiously, “You’re not really supposed to work together…the rules, they dictate-“ “It’s alright.” Ren called over. “I know what I’m doing. Hux is, uh, here for moral support?” “Mmm.” Hux agreed, hardly caring what it looked like with him behind Ren, guiding his hands, “That is allowed, surely?” They both turned to look at See-Threepio, Ren imploring him with an expression that stated please don’t mess this up for me, and Hux’s which simply read mine. Defeated, their host scuttled away to the safer area where Poe resided, though the cameras still whirred towards the odd couple together. There was a slight scrape as Ren stirred the mixture, a little more vigorously perhaps than the poor saucepan warranted. Hux grasped his arm firmly but not too hard. “Ah.” He said, his gaze critical, “Slower.” With Hux to guide him Ren slowed, but he seemed distracted. His face was very red, and it wasn’t all to do with the heat of the stove. “ Slower, Ren.” Hux chastised him, squeezing him with his free hand to extend upon the point, “You can’t just rush into everything headfirst. Consider what you’re doing.” “I’ve never been very good at that.” Ren got out, but he followed his order. He took a breath, and murmured with what seemed quite a bit of effort, “The cameras are on us. You’ve got to… to take your hand off my hip. I think Thanisson is worried about the, uh, family rating of this show. He looks like he’s going to cry.” Hux then realised that in his distracted state, he hadn’t noticed that his hand had been squeezing Ren’s hip. With a jolt he figured out what that might look like to the nervous cameramen behind them, them so close and Ren looking so red-faced. Strangely, the thought made him want to laugh, but it made him no less bold. He squeezed Ren again daringly, hand on his apron. “I think you might be more worried, actually.” He said, speaking into the large ear hovering at his left just to wind up Ren even more. Ren closed his eyes for a brief moment, but whether it was in prayer or exasperation or fear, Hux did not know. “If this show wasn’t gonna broadcast to my mom,” He growled, “I would give you a reason to be worried right now, asshole.” Almost every head turned in alarm as Hux laughed all the way to his workspace. The judging, surprisingly, was a breeze. It seemed that Poe had succumbed to some last minute nerves and he was chosen to leave. The other two remaining contestants seemed unable to hide their disappointment, hugging and laughing with him so much that some of the crew seemed similarly stricken. Poe put on a brave face, but seemed to be enjoying the two pairs of arms wrapped around him. “Hey, hey.” He grinned, patting them at the same time, “Guess it was just my time to go. I’ll see you two at the final, yeah?” “No way.” Finn shook his head, “You and Rey are absolutely coming to my apartment before then. You’re not escaping that easily, Poe.” Poe gave a hearty laugh, and they left the room together to be interviewed outside. Various crewmembers bustled around the tent as Hux and Ren remained on the tall stools, very aware of each other. It suddenly felt awkward with so many people around them ready to listen in. The feeling increased as Hux looked up to see Ren staring at him very intently. “Sickly, isn’t it?” He said, trying to keep it light, “Making plans with people you barely know, let alone-“ “I would very much like to know you outside of the competition.” Ren said suddenly, speaking over him. “When this is over, I…don’t want that to be the end.” He looked very, very serious, as if they were in a business meeting and he was trying to broker an important deal. Hux opened his mouth to retaliate, to tease him, to…to…he didn’t know what he wanted to do. “Oh.” He said, his personal insistence on not making friends in the tent shattering in an instant. “Yes. I would...yes.” The grin Ren gave him then was so genuine, so goofy that Hux knew that he might be in quite deep trouble. It was the kind of grin that the others had exchanged so easily, and he had never been quite sure what one had to do to cause it. He never dreamed that the cause one day might be himself. Hux was so taken with this thought that he was caught quite off guard when a big hand reached out to grab his chin, tilting his face up. “My god,” Ren sounded fascinated, “Is the mighty Hux pleased at something I’ve said? Is that a real smile? Where did your scary one go?” Hux wriggled in his grasp, but didn’t try very hard. “You killed it.” He said, feeling Ren’s hand move with the words, “Which is something that I feel you should apologise for, actually.” “Apologise.” Ren repeated, sounding very interested. Before he could say any more, a voice called his name out through the tent, cutting through the bustle of moving chairs and cameras being disassembled. A twitch of annoyance ran across Ren’s face then, and he ignored the voice. This only encouraged it to become louder and more peeved, signalling in tone that more ignoring would lead to dire consequences. He let go of Hux, looking quite regretful. “Go.” Hux tipped his head towards the exit flap, feeling quite disappointed and not knowing why, “They probably want to hear you gush about the semi-final or some other bullshit.” “Mmm.” Ren replied, but he seemed distracted. “I should go.” He looked back at Hux, and there seemed to be a few long drawn-out seconds where he was waiting for something. Hux stared back, nonplussed. “They’re going to get angry if you wait any longer.” He said, emphasising it a bit. Ren gave a sigh, and the stool scraped back. He loped to the back of the tent, and it didn’t take many of his long strides. When his tall figure had stepped out into the verdant green, Hux had the strangest feeling that perhaps Ren had been hoping that he might ask him to do something after the day wrapped up filming, or at least ask for him to stay so that they could talk for a little longer. Cursing his slowness, Hux hurried across the tent, hoping Ren hadn’t gotten too far. Stepping around the stony courtyard, Hux looked left and right for Ren. He found nothing other than some annoyingly pretty bluebells, a weather-beaten stone pathway and the soft buzzing of insects that darted in and out of sight. He wandered around, turning this way and that, cursing the labyrinthine garden. It didn’t seem to mind him. The sun was lowering, adding a nicely tinted backdrop to the trees with their branches stretching out like fingers as he stepped through their dappled shadows. It was a surprise when he rounded a corner and found Ren perched on a lichen covered limestone railing, the ornate carving eaten away by time and many hands running across it. He was in the middle of being interviewed and didn’t seem to have noticed the figure stumbling in, perhaps because there were so many others milling about fussing with sound and lighting and such. Hux hovered by the sidelines, interested despite his eagerness to talk to Ren. He hadn’t heard many of his interviews, having point blank refused to do joint ones with the other contestants before he was even confirmed to be on the show. Ren was very languorous, and looked a little like a statue himself with the sharp planes of his face surrounded by the green and the soft light. Thanisson seemed to be the one interviewing him, other members of the production team hovered about and seemed unexpectedly tense. Hux wondered why until he heard Leech whisper to Unamo, “ When will that idiot ask him about Hux? I tell you, the viewers are going to love it. I heard that they were getting pretty close today-“ “Okay, Kylo Ren.” Thanisson spoke, and Leech stopped talking immediately as Hux tried to back even more into the shadows, “So, you’re part of the final four contestants. How does that make you feel?" “Well.” Started Ren, stretching it out lazily, as if it was nothing to him, “I’m not overly surprised. I wanted to do well, and I obviously have done. I thought I could do it, and it’s great to be here knowing that I’m one of the best, ha. “ “It was close, though.” Thanisson pointed out. “Oh yeah, that was close.” Ren agreed, and a slight frown twitched between his eyes, “Are you talking about me losing it before?” There was an uncomfortable silence as Thanisson looked like he regretted asking him at all. He tried to backtrack, “No, no-“ “It’s fine.” Ren waved it away generously, “I shouldn’t have lost it. It nearly cost me the competition. If it wasn’t for Hux…” He trailed off then, a smile ghosting his lips and Leech almost gave an impatient groan, cursing Thanisson’s slowness under his breath. “Do you think you’re likely to win?” Thanisson asked, oblivious to this. “To win?” Ren repeated, and for some reason this made him look the most amused out of anything, “Hmm, it’s funny.” Said Ren, sitting up a little straighter, hands grasping freckled limestone,“I absolutely came into this competition with the intention to win it. At first.” “Oh?” Said Thanisson, sounding properly interested now, “What’s changed, then?” “What’s changed?” Ren repeated, incredulously, “What do you think’s changed?” There was another pause, but this time it was charged with something else. Excitement. “Um.” Thanisson seemed unsure how to approach this situation, and Ren all but rolled his eyes. “It’s Hux, of course.” Ren gave a sigh, as if the admission was a weight off of his back. Leech almost punched the air, he was so pleased. Hux was still as a stone, and could feel his face heat even as he stood. “…Hux?” Thanisson ventured, “How has he changed you, if you don’t mind me asking?” “Oh,” Ren seemed lost in thought, looking somewhere past the camera, “I’ve wanted to win this show for years. I tried so hard to get myself to this point, and I intended on knocking anyone out who came in my way. At first, doing badly annoyed me because I wanted it so much, you know?” He gave a laugh, “Well, took me until a few tasks in to realise that I’ve been hanging on by the skin of my teeth not because I actually want to win but because I knew that if I survived each week, if I just got through each challenge then… then I would still be able to bake with Hux if I got to stay, you know?” There was a stunned silence. But no one was quite as stunned as Hux, and his hand froze on his arm as he absorbed Ren’s words. There was a furious whispering, in the middle of which Leech hissed, “Did we catch that? Shit, we did.” “Hux?” Thanisson managed to get out. Ren nodded. “Yeah. What an absolute twat.” Ren snorted, looking very pleased. A crease appeared on Thanisson’s face, which Ren caught. “Not family friendly enough?” Ren asked, and there was laughter behind him from the other crewmembers. “Is there even a family friendly way of describing Hux?” “Um.” Said Thanisson nervously, but Ren wasn’t really listening. “Never mind. He’s fantastic. Oh,” Ren covered his face with a hand, “Oh god, did I actually just call him fantastic ?” He gave a disbelieving shake of his head, “Let me elaborate- he’s fantastic, and the biggest pain I’ve ever had to deal with. Ever. But it’s been a dream to bake with someone like him. Someone who won’t sugarcoat for the sake of it, you know? I cannot wait to bake with him in the semi-final. What a dickhead.” He said fondly, forgetting himself again. As the crew members muttered amongst themselves again, Hux was still stunned. He could just about register Leech leaning towards his left, looking very excited. “Cut that.” He heard Leech mutter to Unamo, “Shit. The audience will love this, they’ll lap it up. It’s like the fucking Hunger Games.” In the corner, Hux was trying very hard to keep a firm grasp on his emotions. He was failing miserably as a strange, hopeful wondering filled him to the brim that made him feel like he was in school again, damn it. Filled with panic, he made to reverse back around the corner, and the movement must have caught Ren’s eye because he looked up, and in no time at all had focused on the escaping Hux. Perhaps Ren had known he was there all along. Perhaps it had been a complete surprise, as much of a jolt to him as it was to Hux. Either way, Ren looked happy to see him there. He didn’t say anything at first, just looked over at him with an expression that simply read, well, now you know. Sinking back around the corner, Hux was in panic mode. Ren liked him, genuinely liked him. Hux could probably count on one hand the amount of people who genuinely liked him, and he wasn’t even sure if he could include any family members on the list. But now there was Ren, big, surly ridiculous Ren who thought it prudent to announce this information on television. Hux did then what he did best, and evacuated himself from an impending emotional situation. Despite his best efforts, Hux could of course hear footsteps behind him. It was the soft slap of hurried feet on grass, and hux was torn between slowing down or speeding up and hating this flash of cowardice that threatened to overcome him. He was saved the choice when Ren, hurrying very fast, overshot him and blocked his way. “Hux,” Ren called, a little breathlessly, “Hux, stop a second.” Feeling foolish, Hux stopped. He didn’t know what was wrong with him, but he felt very embarrassed, as if he was expected to put words to something that he didn’t quite have the language for. Luckily, Ren knew him well enough by now to sense this. “You don’t have to say anything.” Ren told him, rummaging in his pocket, “I just, now where is it, I just had it,” His thick eyebrows knotted as he searched, and then with satisfaction he pulled out a small ripped off piece of paper. He straightened it out, Hux watching curiously. “I’ve got to head off.” Ren said apologetically, “Having dinner with my parents. Totally unavoidable. Excruciating. But her and my dad and a bet that if I got to this point, dad had to buy me dinner. Bastard.” He held out the piece of paper, shaking his head, “But I want you to have this.” Hux looked at it, and when he saw what was on it this did nothing to curb his embarrassment. “Ren,” He said, his feeling of being a teenager increasing, “Is this your number?” Ren grinned at him, very cocky, “Yep. Don’t have time to put it into your phone.” He leaned over and placed it in Hux’s shirt pocket, slipping his fingers in for the hell of it, “So now you can warn me when we’re in the hotel again next week rather than trying to catch me getting changed again.” This insinuation made Hux splutter, but Ren was already making his way to leave. He walked past Hux, expression very sly. Hux dug in his pocket and brought out the number, reading it again. It had a short message written underneath: Ren, x. This nearly made him choke anew. “Ren!” He called out, “You did not write a kiss on this piece of paper, you absolute-“ There was a hearty laugh, slowly fading into the distance, “I knew that would piss you off.” He called over his shoulder, sounding delighted, “Hey, if you’re really lucky, the next time it might even be two.” Hux held the piece of paper tightly in his hand wondering how on earth he was going to be able to concentrate in the semi-final. Notes: I am so sorry for the long wait between chapters- I unfortunately had to pause this fic as I wrote my dissertation, which was in dire need of attention. But, we're getting close to the end now, only about one or two chapters to go! Thank you for reading and sticking through <3 As always, find me at Kyloripped.tumblr.com. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When the semi-final arrived, the whole entire tent was provided with the unexpected novelty that Hux might finally be cracking. He entered the tent much the same as usual, alone and without talking to anyone. But this extended even to when Ren arrived, pulling his leather jacket off and shaking his hair free from its windswept state. When Ren turned around to greet him, Hux had headphones in and was laying out his baking spoons in height order, rearranging them and then starting over again. As this strange occurrence carried on for a few minutes, Ren got the impression that he wanted to be left quite alone. Time passed and the crew got themselves ready for filming. Rey was asked first about how she felt to be in the semi-final, and she was so bright and animated that for a short while everything felt quite normal and relaxed. Finn was much the same, and even Ren managed to summon some enthusiasm from who knew where. But when Unamo turned to Hux he just gave her a look. No words, just a long, blistering look . Unamo muttered something about checking the lights on the other side of the tent and scarpered to safety. It was Ren's turn now to watch Hux warily, unable to figure out how to talk to him in a mood like this. Hux seemed to be deliberately ignoring him, using the work surface furthest away from his. When the camera crew knew that they had to talk to him or face accusations of favouritism, he was polite enough. Or perhaps too polite. He answered very curtly and dispassionately with one word answers and the crew seemed relieved when they could move away from him. The first task passed with excruciating slowness and everybody did pretty well even as the pressure of the penultimate episode took its toll. The palmiers that they had all made were spread out with their intricate shapes glistening with various toppings. Maz and Snoke walked past them, nodding approvingly at a few. Hux was even complimented, although Snoke seemed to take it upon himself to slip in a somewhat snide, “Very good. As is completely unsurprising.” Hux’s jaw clenched, but he said nothing and stared into the distance. Ren watched him, wishing the cameras would stop for a moment so that they could just talk properly. But they didn't and Ren rather thought he wouldn’t appreciate having more attention on himself. Both Finn and Rey seemed to be working overtime to inject some more cheer into the tent, but it was a difficult task considering how quiet Hux was and how concerned Ren seemed to be. The crew tried on the whole to pretend this wasn't happening, although some seemed concerned at the somewhat flat tone of this episode. The technical challenge once again was monstrously fiddly. Savarin, a yeast cake that none of them had made much less heard of was their last technical challenge before the final, and it showed. Ren thankfully kept his head this task and every time despair threatened to rear its ugly head he remembered Hux's words. Don't throw it away. It was quite funny how apathetic he was about winning now. He just wanted to be in the final with Hux and tried his hardest to ensure it. When the technical was judged, they were all pronounced as hopeless but given a pat on the back for trying as was the Bake Off way. As Snoke and Maz filed away into the judges section of the tent to be interviewed before the final deciding task of the day, Hux stayed where he was sat. His posture was very straight, hands clasped on his lap. Ren tried not to be intimidated by this outward display of calm but it was difficult. “Hey,” He turned to the left when the production team broke up to have some lunch, “Want to go outside for a bit?” A shake of the head was all that he got in response. Hux didn't even look at him. It was very unlike him to be so unwilling to talk, and this more than anything concerned Ren. “Do you want to talk about it?” He ventured. Hux spoke facing forwards. “No.” This rebuttal made Ren bite his lip, but Hux was radiating a certain hostility that he couldn't just ignore. It was obvious that he wanted to be left alone and Ren took the cue to leave. He stepped from the oppressive atmosphere of the tent and out into the lovely, blooming garden although the sight of the bright flowers and neat trimmed hedges gave him little pleasure. He wandered around aimlessly, feeling a bit silly to be taking a stroll in his flour-covered apron but no one gave him much notice. The wind was a soft hand sweeping everything that it touched, rifling through his hair and making the bright petals shudder beside him. Hands in his apron pocket, he continued walking and savoured the wind which was a balm from the merciless sun. He stopped by a patch of what he recognised to be hellebore, his eyes catching on the familiar delicacy of their pink insides. The sight filled him with a warmth that the sun could not give him, a happy memory that tugged at his mind until he let it take over him. They had those flowers at home, or at least they had in one of the many homes he had lived in. He remembered his mother telling him about them as they watered the garden together, eagerly pointing out the deep pink throats amongst the surrounding green. It was one of the few pastimes they had enjoyed together; low maintenance, rewarding and she always let him plant something. It had felt…good to be trusted. This only struck him as important to remember because of something she had said on a distant summers day when everything felt lazy and heady, the soft aroma of the yawning flowers all around them. “ Can you see them, Ben?” Leia pointed to a patch of flowers hidden in the corner, poking past the rest of the green. Bits of soil crumbled off her gardening gloves as she pointed, smiling at the little petals. “Yeah.” Ben tried hard not to roll his eyes. He was still Ben, back in those days. He was getting taller, everyone said he was going to get taller than his mother and he had no trouble seeing anything in the garden. He was almost as big as Uncle Artoo, actually- “They're lovely.” Leia's voice cut through his thoughts, “And very proud. I like these kind of haughty little flowers that announce themselves for everyone to see.” “You would.” Han called from somewhere behind them, “Considering that you are one. “ He gave a curse as Leia quite calmly took her gardening glove off and threw it behind her. From the sound of the soft thunk it made as it landed, it seemed to have hit somewhere in the vicinity of his father’s head. Ben suppressed a snort. “Anyway.” Leia continued with dignity, “Would you water them, Ben? I just need to check these weeds over here.” He moved over to them, trying to squash the slight feeling of pleasure that arose at the fact that she trusted him with the flowers she loved so much. He tipped the watering can over them, watching as droplets caught on the white edges of the petals like little pearls. A question burned in his mind, aching to escape as it often did. “Mom?” He called out, unable to hold it in, and after a moment Leia turned. Gardening was the time she was most patient with him, aside perhaps from baking, and a rare occurrence where she didn't tell him off for asking “too many questions”. “Yes?” “Why do we need to water them?” Ben was enjoying his task but he was curious all the same, “They were doing fine before we came here. What’s the point?” It took Leia a moment to answer. She continued digging into the earth with her trowel, a stray hair escaping her ponytail and curling around her face. “Well,” She said, slowly, “Just because something looks okay doesn't necessarily mean that it is. You can't just assume.” “But,” Ben was confused. “They don't just look okay. They are okay.” “Sometimes things don't ask to be cared for, Ben.” She smiled at him, with the strange fickle wisdom that only adults seemed to have, “They don't ask but they would like to even if they don’t exactly know it. You've just got to go with your gut. Does that make sense?” “…kind of.” He admitted, although he was only half sure. He watered for a few more moments before he asked, “Why aren't you pulling up the weeds? You never do.” Leia paused again over the dark upturned earth beneath her with the untouched weeds poking out as if to greet her and seemed to think for a few moments. She gestured towards the weeds, a flurry of air from her movements making the dandelion clock wriggle and release a stray seed into the air. “I don't have the heart to pull them up.“ She explained, as the seed floated serenely past her head, “Just because they’re considered ugly doesn't mean that they don't deserve to be here. They're annoying and don't do what I want, but I still like them. They're… rebellious, in their funny little way.” That made Ben think again for a moment, cocking his head to the side as he did so. His dark hair tumbled over his shoulders, very long and extremely messy as it always was in those days. He had soil on his nose. “Is that why you like dad?” Ben ventured. Leia's face crinkled up in laughter, that special laugh that was always reserved for him spilling from her lips. “That's exactly why I like your father, Ben. Well observed! He's a dandelion if I ever saw one.” Before Ben could answer there was a peeved voice from behind them, floating in the humid air. “Hey,” Han complained, “I heard that!” Ben and his mother laughed as the gardening glove sailed past them and bounced harmlessly off a tree trunk. Leia put an affectionate hand on his head and, unusual for him in those days, he let her. She smelt of soil and pulled-up grass and other summer smells. She patted his long curls and told him that he could help her bake in the kitchen later if he wanted to because he had been so lovely and helpful. They picked some wild strawberries together and he carried them to the house, glistening in the Tupperware box like little red jewels. Strangely Ren found himself smiling at the memory, lost in that easy, rare summer. He didn't usually put much stock into such things, finding them horrendously sentimental, but he couldn't shake off his mother’s words. Go with your gut. Ren took a moment to look back at the flowers, wondered what had happened to his hard won Organa-Solo courage, and headed back to the tent. As he approached the grand white awning, there was a clattering coming from inside that he could hear gathering in volume the closer he got. There was also a waft of something baking, which was especially strange as everyone was supposed to be on a break. In theory the contestants were allowed to practice baking if they really felt like they needed it but it was a rule that seemed more customary than actually taken advantage of. It seemed distinctly odd for someone to be doing it now. Feeling somewhat wary, Ren stepped through the door. Immediately he walked into a delicious waft of something in the oven and a ginger whirlwind dancing about the kitchen. Spoons were picked up, items were weighed, and surfaces were scattered with flour and other bits of baking detritus. Hux was entirely alone and small ramekins filled with blobs of mixture were dotted around him like sacrificial offerings, as if they were spread out for some unspoken god of baking that he was trying to appease. He looked a strange mixture between utterly calm and a little crazed, folding ingredients in a bowl with an expression completely devoid of emotion but mixing far too quickly. Scatterings from the bowl were flying onto his sleeve but, uncharacteristically, he did not wipe it away. “Uh.” Said Ren, already lost for words at this odd scene unfolding before him. Hux side-eyed him for one second, registering his presence with cold efficiency. His expression did not change. “I’m making soufflés.” He said, flatly, as if that wasn’t obvious, “I’ve made eight. I intend to make more.” This extraordinary statement did nothing to put Ren at ease. Soufflés weren't on the schedule for any part of the semi-final, nor did it really make sense for him to be making them in that precise, robotic way. Ren cleared his throat, full to the brim with concern. “Are you… alright?” Hux stared at him, mix falling plop back into the bowl, surrounded by little soufflés with his face flushed that sweet light pink. He looked like an angry, aproned giant in a land of tiny crockery. “Do I look alright?” He said. And then, for one second his composure failed. Bowl clattering to the marble top, Hux ignored the batter oozing sluggishly onto the table as he gripped the work surface, staring down and breathing hard. Ren was frozen at the entrance to his workspace, torn between wanting to go and comfort him and worried that any sudden movement might actually unhinge him. He stayed still in his indecision and after a few long seconds Hux spoke. “Why do I constantly get penalised for being good?” He snarled down at the work surface, “What the fuck is even the point in trying, in that case?” For a moment, Ren was lost. And then he remembered Snoke's snide comments, the way they had washed over Hux like an outright insult. “Oh.” Ren said, understanding, “Yeah, I know what you mean. I guess…if you're a high standard already they want to see it continue.” Hux twitched as if Ren's comments had irritated him even more. “And don't I know it.” He sneered, “What a lovely, heart-warming message- if you're shit and accidentally do well then you deserve to be here. But if you dare to be good, if you dare to show an inch of skill then God forbid you'll ever be good enough for them. As if I’ve not experience that my whole damn life.” There was something about this that seemed a little off. Ren could understand why Hux was upset, but he had been out of sorts before Snoke made that comment. He bit his lip, wishing he could be more eloquent, damn it. He could pretend that this was all that Hux was upset about and walk away, leaving him in peace. But then he remembered his mother’s words again: s ometimes things don't ask to be cared for. He looked properly at Hux, at his pink-faced frothing anger, at his hurt. He was lashing out because he didn’t know how to ask for help, Ren knew it then. Ren felt very protective of him all of a sudden. “This…isn't just about that, is it?” He ventured. When Hux froze, he knew he had hit a nerve. The breath shuddered through him as Hux exhaled. He was quiet for a moment, as if weighing the benefits of telling Ren how he truly felt. Ren walked a little closer so that he was only a few feet away, giving Hux some space but showing him that he wasn't afraid to be there. This was quite possibly a lie, because Ren was actually just a little bit spooked by his expression. “Please tell me.” Ren implored him, squashing the trepidation down, “I want to help.” His earnestness seemed to thaw Hux, just a little. He straightened up, looking at Ren properly this time. “I got a call from the production team last night.” Hux announced, and he seemed relieved to get it out, “They asked me questions which I found very impertinent.” Hux looked so angry, Ren was surprised that he was still able to talk, “And made insinuations that I am incredibly insulted by.” Wondering what could possibly have upset him so, Ren thought back to his own call the night before, “Oh?“ He said, “They rang me up last night too and just asked who I wanted to bring to the final if I got in. Or at least who I wanted filmed in the behind the scenes thing they do in the last episode, like my mom or family or whatever. Is…that what you mean?” Hu’s jaw had been clenched shut through Ren’s words. They hadn’t done anything to calm him. “Yes.” He said, shortly. He didn't offer any more information, and Ren let the silence drag on until he thought he was going to burst. “So?” He complained, “I don't get how that can be insulting.” Hux fixed him with a very steely stare. It was doubly frightening coming from the face that was usually so calm, but Ren bore the brunt of it well, staring him back just as strongly. “Some of us.” Hux started slowly, as if each word was a burden to get out, “Don't have families, Ren. And we don’t like to be reminded of that fact. Considered that?” It was the very first time that Ren had heard a break in Hux's voice. It was obviously a very sore point for him, and unexpected to hear. Ren had always assumed that he was from a rich, well-to-do family and that he would be amused to meet them at the final. But it seemed that he was horribly mistaken. “Oh.” Ren looked very sorry all of a sudden, “Hux-“ “I don't appreciate this insinuation that I'm somehow incomplete without some bullshit happy-go-lucky family backstory.” Hux continued, as if Ren hadn't spoken, “I told them; I don't want anybody. I don't need anybody. But they kept asking, over and over, did I not have any family members? Friends? The fucking neighbour’s dog?” He shook his head, furious. Ren gave him a moment and then edged forwards. Hux didn't seem to notice and he picked his way carefully past some mix that had fallen into the floor. “They really upset you, huh?” Was all he could think to say. Luckily, Hux seemed too distracted to be upset by this somewhat paltry response. “They made me feel like I was lying.” Hux said, with a bite of bitterness, “Which is fairly hilarious, considering how pathetic it is to admit that it's the truth. I just loved being forced to tell them that I can't bring my mother because I don’t even know her. I loved telling them that my father refused to acknowledge that I was even participating on this show. Absolutely loved it. I absolutely-“ Hux turned away from him with an abrupt twist to his body. Watching him carefully, Ren moved even closer so that they were almost touching, his apron brushing against Hux’s. His boots made a small clatter on the floor as he walked, but Hux still didn't turn to look at him. “I don’t have anyone to win this for.” Hux said, suddenly. “No friends, and no family. I’m doing this for myself, and I didn't care about that before I came on this show. Until they made me care about it. And now, it makes me feel so shit that I could go into final and know that no one cares how I’ll do.” He made a sudden movement and grabbed the bowl, ignoring the batter that still oozed over the side. His hand was shaking. He tried mixing again despite the fact that he had already done so and the mixture was getting a little frothy. Ren watched him for a second and moved forwards. Hux closed his eyes again as the big hand grabbed his waist and turned him around. The spoon fell to the countertop with a clatter that rang through the quiet tent and the bowl with it. When he opened them, Ren's dark eyes were very intense, and his face was very close. He brought out his other hand and lifted Hux's chin up. “I care.” He said. Softly. Simply. As if it were absurd to think otherwise. Hux tilted his chin up in defiance, although he felt something shift between them. He felt rather like he was prey being appraised by a very shaggy and flour-covered beast as Ren continued to stare at him, focusing now on his lips. “What?” Hux challenged him, defiant to the last. Ren wouldn't look away. Everything seemed to slow, becoming soft and muddled like the hot air outside. “You have chocolate on your face again.” Ren explained, looking like he was struggling not to laugh. In that moment, Hux wanted to thump him. Instead, he kissed him. Ren gave a soft noise of surprise as Hux leaned forwards, lips pressing against his and claiming them for his own. He tasted like the chocolate he had been using for the soufflés; rich and dark and lovely. That was all that he knew for a long while; his hand on the small of Hux’s back, the small pouting lips upon his own and the taste of chocolate so vibrant in his mouth. It seemed that Hux had been waiting to do this for as long as he had, his smaller, delicate hands wrapping around Ren’s thick waist and squeezing. When Hux drew away for air Ren was staring at him again, pupils fat in his dark eyes, his already large lips redder. Hux reached up to wipe the chocolate from his face but Ren darted out to grab his wrists. Suddenly he was pinned to the cupboard of his workstation, Ren holding both of his wrists above his head as if Hux weighed no more than a sack of flour. Tiny splotches of dough unstuck from Ren’s palms and onto Hux’s skin. Only able to stare upwards and over Ren’s massive shoulder, Hux felt the lips next to his ear. “No.” The hot breath ghosted on his cheek, “You’re cuter when you’re filthy.” “ Ren .” Hux breathed, as the dark head moved and Ren licked, actually licked, the side of his mouth. Tortuous, reverent, the sensation was so utterly absurd and so good that Hux groaned. “Ren,” He said again, plaintively, feeling the large nose press to his cheek and then his resilience dissolved completely, “Oh, fuck it.” He muttered, and moved his face just slightly to catch Ren’s lips again with his own. They kissed for a while, Ren’s tongue slipping easily into Hux’s mouth, both again tasting the hint of the other’s earlier bakes, sweet and rich. Easily, Hux wrapped his legs around Ren’s waist, and one of the big hands cupped his ass so that he wouldn’t fall. This arrangement suited them both fine. When they broke apart, breathing hard, Hux rested his head on Ren’s broad chest. “You fiend.” He said accusingly, but it came out fonder than he intended, “This is an underhand tactic. A dirty, unfair tactic.” “Is it?” Ren replied, amused, “I’m glad it’s working then- I’ve been trying to kiss your smug little face for fucking weeks. You’re far too much of a temptation, you asshole.” “Me? A temptation?” Hux said innocently, and squeezed his legs harder around the thick waist, eliciting a small groan, “I have no idea what you could possibly mean.” “Disgusting flirt.” Ren groaned, attacking Hux’s neck now, speaking in between each rough kiss, “Rolling your shirt sleeves up.” Kiss, “Bending over in front of your oven every single day-“ That made Hux laugh, the vibration shaking Ren’s lips on his neck. “We’re on a baking show, you buffoon-“ “I’ve had to stare at your ass for nine fucking weeks.” Ren moaned in a long-suffering way, “It’s like they wanted to torture me. What was I supposed to do?” “Grab harder?” Hux suggested, and Ren did so. He was enjoying it immensely; the feeling of Ren’s big hands on his thighs, until a hand moved up and began sneaking under his waistband. All of a sudden, Hux became very aware of where they were and the sacrilegious nature of what they were doing under the Bake Off tent’s very roof. The nation would be scandalised. “Not here!” His eyes darted about in horror but the cameras dotted about the room were blessedly off, the crewmembers having their lunch break elsewhere. Ren gave an annoyed grunt, but Hux put a firm hand over his to stop them wandering. “Not in the tent.” He breathed, “I don’t want to be this year’s scandal, thank you very much. And how could I look your godfathers in the eye if I let you have your way with me?” “ If I let you have your way with me?” Ren repeated in a high-pitched imitation of Hux’s voice, “God, I’m not going to fuck you in the tent.” Ren snorted. But then his eyes widened as if struck with a sudden idea, “Unless-“ “No!” Hux laughed, thumping him on the chest, “Take me somewhere else-“ He gave a yelp as Ren, with a certain sly glint to his eye, hoisted his arms more firmly around him and began to walk him easily through the rows of ovens and worktops. Hux tried to wriggle in his grasp but was actually quite enjoying Ren’s grip around his body, and his half-heated attempts soon stopped. They didn’t go outside but Ren took them into the corridor that attached them to the little office and another adjoining tent. It was all pretty plain sailing until they turned a corner and almost collided with Thanisson. He backed against the wall, watching the strange sight of Ren holding firmly onto Hux with both of them breathless and looking very guilty. He stared at them. They stared back. “There isn’t really a way to explain this.” Hux said, eventually. Thanisson opened his mouth to speak and seemed to think better of it. He escaped quickly down the corridor with furiously flapping footsteps which didn’t seem to stop even as he turned the corner. Ren gazed down at Hux, and he just shrugged. “How long do you reckon we have?” Ren asked, pleasantly. “Oh, before he tells someone or before someone else finds us?” Hux thought for a moment, “Maybe ten minutes? Fifteen if we’re lucky.” Ren nodded at this, “That’s probably enough time.” They entered the small office, noting that there wasn’t anyone else in there or any indication that someone had been there recently. This seemed a good a sign as any, and when the door snapped shut Ren kicked a chair in front of it just in case. Hux would have protested again at this choice of venue, but Ren settled him against the table and Hux was very intrigued when he began undoing his apron. “I think we’d scandalise Ackbar if he knew what we were doing in here.” He said, as Ren’s fingers worked quickly undoing a knot. “Nah.” Ren replied, sounding distant, “He’s my wingman.” That made Hux groan, and Ren’s fingers paused momentarily. “Oh my god,” He complained, drawing it out, “That the least sexy thing you’ve ever said to me-“ He shut up as Ren shucked his apron off and lifted his shirt to press a kiss to his midriff. Hux was more intrigued than ever at this turn of events, especially as Ren seemed so desperate for it to continue. “Oh?” He said, grinning slyly as Ren lowered, “I actually thought you’d want me to…“ He trailed off meaningfully, watching the dark curls below him. “Later.” Ren said, shortly, “When we’re back at the hotel. I can’t stop thinking about this. About you.” Hux tried to be quiet as Ren pushed his legs apart to fit more easily between them, biting down on one hand and holding Ren’s shoulder with the other, but it was hard. He wasn’t sure what intrigued him most; the fact that Ren seemed to need him so badly or the fact that he seemed very at home with this sudden turn of events. He wanted to ask Ren if he often fucked people in offices, but it didn’t seem prudent somehow. At any rate, the look that he gave Hux as he took him in his mouth was very filthy and difficult to look away from. Hux bit harder on his hand to muffle an embarrassing noise at the achingly good feel of Ren’s tongue, torturously slow, and this seemed to spur him on more than anything. Hands digging into the shoulder, the hot, furtive air of the room around them. Hux’s self-control was tested especially as Ren seemed to insist on being slow despite their time limit, seeming to savour Hux’s muffled moans too much to quicken. Hux twisted his hand then in the dark curls, sincerely hoping that no one would come into the office, as he wasn’t sure how even Ren could smooth that one over. It didn’t take him long not to care about this anymore. Back arching against the wood, he was already plotting a suitable revenge for Ren when they met up later. “Dirty, underhand tactics.” Hux managed to force out, and Ren grinned around him, absolutely unapologetic and loving it. *** When it was time to film the final task, everyone was mystified at Hux’s almost cheerful demeanour. Everyone except for Thanisson, who seemed unable to catch their eyes and who stayed behind a particularly large camera. Ren and Hux could hardly keep their eyes off each other, each glance sparking with the memory of what they had done, what they wanted to do. When Hux actually smiled over at him, a few of the camera crew exchanged glances, utterly lost. They were making Fondant Fancies for the last task before the final. Thirty-six each, a frankly terrifying number, but Hux barely even felt the pressure. The ingredients felt light under his fingers, the recipe that he had followed numerous times before so easy to follow it was like reciting a story. Beat the eggs, soften the butter, mix together carefully. Ren also seemed to be doing well, a bit of his earlier cheekiness from the very first episodes coming back to him. When the camera crew asked him what the influence for his lime and ginger fondant fancies was, he couldn’t stop that big, sly grin. “It’s Hux.” He said innocently, glancing behind at Hux’s vibrant hair that was just ever so slightly messier than usual, “Definitely.” The camera crew coughed nervously as Hux looked up at his name. If they expected peevishness, they were however disappointed. Hux gave Ren a fondly exasperated look and, cool as ever, he said, “Am I suddenly your muse? How wonderful.” His eyebrow cocked, “Does this mean if you do well all of the credit goes to me?” This prompted a round of laughter, which didn’t occur very often for Hux. Ren smiled, raking his eyes over him, “Credit.” He repeated, “…Yeah.” And Hux heard something else on his tone. He turned swiftly back to his own dessert, lest his face redden again and betray him. When the time came for judging, the tense atmosphere returned. Rey and Finn were sat very close together, and she couldn’t seem to stop giving him a little worried glance now and then. While they had all done well, he had faced a little criticism for his final dessert, although Finn didn’t seem too concerned. See-Threepio took his customary place at the front and looked very proud. He smiled especially at Ren who returned it gladly. That seemed to please their host no end. “Ah, bless me, the semi-final.” See-Threepio sounded a mix of proud and sad, “The weeks have flown by. I think you should all be very pleased to be here in the final four, regardless of who is leaving us.” Artoo and Maz nodded with him as Snoke regarded them all coolly, as intimidating as ever. See-Threepio stood back as Artoo stepped to the fore, patting him fondly on the small of his back to keep him together. “It’s my pleasure to announce the Star Baker this week,” He announced, in his high ringing voice, “It is…Hux! Well done.” Having somehow forgotten that Star Baker was even a thing, Hux only blinked as everyone clapped politely for him, and Ren slapped him on the back. This was worrying in itself, as Ren was very strong and Hux was in real danger of falling over. As the clapping faded, the room became sober once again. See-Threepio stepped forward, looking regretful. “Unfortunately, it’s my turn to say who will be leaving us.” He glanced at the remaining four sorrowfully, “I’m so sorry to say, it’s…Finn.” Rey let out a soft, disappointed exhale as Finn just nodded and accepted his fate. See-Threepio gestured at him sadly. “We’ll be so sad to see you go, Finn.” He said, very sincere, “You truly were a brilliant baker. But that means that our finalists are Hux, Ren and Rey!” And then, the spell was broken and the results finally washed over them. Finn hugged Rey, squeezing her tightly and jubilantly, and in the heat of the moment Ren turned to hug Hux. The crew watched wide-eyed as Hux was engulfed in a mighty bear hug, head squashed unceremoniously into Ren’s chest. Their confusion grew when Hux not only didn’t complain, but wrapped his arms around Ren very tightly and remained there until the clapping stopped. He was rather fond of Ren’s big barrel chest. When the hosts had finished speaking and the filming stopped, Finn turned to smile again at Rey and it was very genuine. This seemed to be a curious talent of his. “Hey,” He said, warmly, seeing her sad expression, “It doesn’t matter. I gave it my best shot-I’m so stoked that you’re in the final! That’s absolutely amazing.” “Thanks.” Rey grinned at last, “I really couldn’t have done it without you guys.” “Nonsense.” Finn nudged her, “You’re an excellent baker. Me and Poe are just your cheerleaders, you know.” “I should tell him you said that.” Rey said in amusement, “He’ll probably actually come to the final in a cheerleading costume if I do.” “I’m actually texting him right now.” As their laughter faded around them, Ren and Hux were quiet on their seats. They were both struck with the strange unreal feeling that they had made it, that they were going to the final. They turned to each other. Ren looked very pleased, but also a bit like he couldn’t quite believe it. “Wow.” Was all he seemed able to say, “Congratulations.” “I can’t believe they got footage of us hugging.” Was all Hux could get out. Ren sighed in an exasperated way. “It could be worse,” He shrugged, “They might have accidentally gotten footage of you being nice or something. Wow, imagine that!” Hux knocked him playfully, loving this shift in their relationship which meant that he could feel how solid Ren was. “Shut up.” He said, but it was dangerously close to being fond. Later, when the camera crew were packing up their gear, Hux found Ren pulling on his leather jacket at the coat hooks. He spent a moment admiring the generous curve of his back until Ren realised that he was there. He straightened, looking very cocky. “Hey.” He said, “Are you watching me?” “Yes.” Hux thought there was no point in lying. He felt as if he could watch Ren for hours and not get bored. “Did you mention something about hotel rooms…?” Ren laughed, and it was very deep and throaty. He leaned closer to Hux, smoothing his slightly crumpled collar down. It was only fair, as he was the one who had crumpled it. “My room, six o’clock.” He said, promptly, “I’ll text you the number when I find it out. I’ll bike into town and get us some food, then you can come to my room. Does that sound like a plan?” Ren looked very pleased when Hux leaned up to kiss him, his big lips smiling through the kiss. Hux didn’t even care who saw them, as long as he got to feel Ren’s hand so possessive on his waist. He drew back just slightly. “An excellent plan.” He agreed, “I really hope none of the crew are staying close to us. We might scandalise them.” “Mmm.” Ren didn’t seem to care much, “Makes for a more interesting show, I guess. See you in a bit?” Hux nodded and Ren let go of him. He made his way through the flap although it was with some regret, as he looked forlornly back at Hux before disappearing. Left by himself, Hux stood by the coat hooks and tried to make sense of what had happened. A few lagging crewmembers walked past who seemed from their complete disinterest in him to have been oblivious to he and Ren’s tryst. For that he was grateful, as going into the final with them whispering about them might add unnecessary stress he wanted to avoid. Absently, Hux reached for his coat. The hours between now and seeing Ren later suddenly seemed intolerable, and he pulled it on without feeling much other than a brief stint of loneliness. He had no idea what to do with himself. As Hux zipped the jacket, he heard the tent door open again. Thinking it was just another crew member, he was taken quite by surprise when he turned around to see a pink-cheeked Ren stood there. Breathless, he looked like he had run back to the tent in a hurry. “Hey.” He breathed, as Hux registered his bedraggled appearance, “Ever been on a motorbike before? Fuck six o’clock.” Hux grinned, and let Ren put a hand on the small of his back to guide him to where he had parked his bike. He could already think of a few ways he could properly show his thanks. Notes: Thank you so much for the lovely comments on the last chapter! They were so sweet that it spurred me on to write this chapter, so thank you for that. I'm not massively great at nsfw stuff so forgive me (but mostly forgive me Mary Berry for writing such a scandal in the bake off tent, dear lord). Anyways, roll on the final! As always, find me at kyloripped on tumblr <3 Notes: I'm never quite sure if See-Threepio reads quite right, so please let me know if not!! I am very ill and have a crushing amount of work, so I don't know how frequently I shall update this, but I am having immense fun so far. Who let Hux on the Bake Off. Note: Snoke is sort of a mash up of Mary and Paul in this- I see him with some Mary aesthetics, with maybe the slight attitude of Paul? I chose Maz to go with him purely because I thought she would add some nice sass :)