Chapter One: “The Fucking Finalizer” Summary: A/N: Buckle up bitches, this train is about to get really sexy... real slow... MUhahahahaha Summary: In a turn of events, Kylo Ren wins the battle against Rey on Starkiller Base, takes her as prisoner once more, and decides to see how much use he could make of her. As in, she is going to work her way up to the top, like any other person aboard this ship, whether she wanted it or not, she was going to join the First Order, and she was going to like it. Kylo Ren stared down at the scavenger, her exhausted body sprawled out across the snow. He huffed out jagged breaths and fell down on his knees beside her, his massive hands the only savior to breaking the hard fall. His head dropped low and his shoulder blades stuck out further as he caved in. He felt Snoke reach out in the force, a rough entrance in the back of his mind, letting him know that Hux was on the way. He ground his teeth, Hux, saving him? Pathetic. He knew the general was going to give him a hard time. He sucked in frigid air between his teeth as he sat back up, assessing his injuries. Blood stained the pure snow beneath him. He wasn’t sure which liquid was soaking his clothes more, the melting snow or the endless surge of blood spewing from his side. No thanks to that disgusting beast, Chewbacca. His eyes darted back quickly to the girl. She was knocked out hard. There was no telling the next time she was going to wake up. But it was most definitely going to be on the Finalizer. There was no way in hell, not one single chance, he was going to allow her to get away like she had before. An idea hit him all at once. She fought him to protect the disgusting traitor, FN-2187. The force user glared over at the defeated man, laying in a crumpled heap across the clearing. Though he held absolutely no value to Kylo, he did serve a purpose. He was going to be joining them on their way back to the ship, and he was going to become the negotiating piece between Rey and the First Order. She bit down on her tongue, hard, and felt blood draw. She was fuming. Was being captured once not enough for this sadist? Where in the hell was Finn? Was he still alive? She swore the second she broke out of here, she was going to get Finn, if he was on here with her, and leave. In fact, the idea was formulating now. She would steal a ship just like Poe and Finn did! Her wrists were aching from the pain of the cold metal restraints nipping her raw skin. She was back in the small interrogation room once more, however this time, she was seated in a rather uncomfortable chair, with her wrists bound behind her back. To make matters even worse, there were no stormtroopers around for her to be able and coax her escape out of. Instead, a rather willowy man was standing near the farthest corner of the room, his fingers quickly firing off different messages on his datapod. His wiry fingers came to a quite stop all at once, as he glanced up at her. His stare was calculated, concentrated. He seemed to deliberate to himself briefly, before setting the datapod aside on a nearby metal table, and take a few steps closer to her. “Interesting,” he mused mainly to himself. Rey squared her jaw and made direct contact with his piercing cerulean eyes. It was as if he could see every aspect of her, every thought she had. Rey felt herself growing very impatient as he continued to stare at her, making rounds behind her. “Are you finished gawking at me?” she snapped, feeling a ripple of frustration tear through her. Rey was so tired of people staring at her like she was some wild animal that had been caged. “Quite honestly, no, I am not. I am fascinated by how unmannered and feral your behavior is.” he quipped back, passing her right side once more to collect his datapod. She knew that he was trying to get under her skin, and as painful as it was to admit, it was working. Her brows pressed together even tighter, and she took deep breaths. “Let me go.” she growled. He ignored her demand and walked out of the room briefly before returning once more, but this time, it was with a few of her belongings. They must have taken her bag too when they decided to abduct her. He slipped on a pair of latex gloves before opening the bag, “You never know how filthy something from Jakku is,” he sneered, cautiously removing her possessions. “My, my, what do we have here?” he slipped a metal hilt out of her bag, immediately recognizing what it was. A lightsaber. To be specific, Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber. “That is mine,” Rey growled between her teeth, leaning forward as much as humanly possible against the restraints. “I don’t think so, theif.” the world rolled off his tongue with such disgust, she was surprised he even allowed himself to say the damn word. “Why are you trying to steal my things from me!” the question came out more as a shout, and the redheaded man before her didn’t even bother to give her so much as a glance. He seemed to be so unaffected by her anger, which made her absolutely furious. “You are so like him,” he muttered, placing the rest of her items out of the table; a small canteen, which he empty the contents into a plastic bag, and a few pieces of scrapped technology pieces, which she had originally planned to try and fix to exchange for a meal or two. He promptly set the technology on the ground and crushed it under the sharp heel of his boot. “I don’t allow garbage on my ship,” he snubbed as he crushed the bits, but Rey felt that his statement was most definitely referring to her, as his eyes bore down on her as the words left his mouth. A stormtrooper came in, standing at attention to the pale man, and refusing to look over at the scavenger. “General Hux, Kylo Ren will be here shortly, he said he wants to have a word with the girl!” the modulated voice rushed out, quickly snapping his hand to his forehead and back. “Alright, FN-8721, at ease,” the General gave the soldier permission to exit the room. The General? Rey’s mind immediately pieced together the puzzle that had been building in her head. This was the same man that ordered the destruction of the Hosnian System, the same man that created one of the deadliest weapons known. If Rey wasn’t angry enough by her current situation, she was now livid. “I want out of here now! And where is Finn! ” Rey forced herself against the restraints even harder and the General merely stared, following the stormtrooper out of the room. She squeezed her eyes shut and let out a loud sigh. She was alone now, in this freezing metal cube. They couldn’t even give the decency of making this room not feeling as if hell truly froze over. With a bitter thought, she reminded herself that it wouldn’t make sense for a prisoner to feel comfortable. “And that would make you correct.” her eyes snapped open and she looked up at the large dark cloaked figure in front of her. As if seeing two man she hated more than anything back to back was ever going to make the day any better. She figured she could have a better conversation with Unkarr Plutt, than to ever have one with the General or evil himself. “You should really learn to not project such impolite things, little one.” he leaned forward, automatically causing her to try and lean back as far as possible. All she could see in his reflective mask was an irate picture of herself. “You should learn how not to be such a terrible person!” she spit at him, getting in his face, as he slowly retracted himself so he could get a better look at her. He walked over to the table and briefly allowed his fingers to skim over the slightly damaged hilt of the lightsaber. “Do not touch that! It is mine!” Rey wanted to kill him. If there was one thing she hated the most, it was when people thought they could simply take what she found. That was the biggest issue on Jakku, it being a scavenging planet and all. “This has not, and will never be, yours,” he snarled, gripping it harder as he turned to stare down at her. She refused to allow his intimidation work on her. “If it were up to me, I would simply kill her,” the General walked back in, this time he was flanked by four soldiers, both pointing their blasters directly at her, two coming up behind her to stand in position, and two near her. If Rey's time aboard the Finalizer wasn't going to get any better, she briefly wondered if perhaps she agreed with the General. “Supreme Leader wants us to keep her here for awhile, until we can decide exactly how much of an asset she will be for us. However, I see no value in spare parts aboard my ship.” The words came out so casually from him, it was as if he was simply discussing the weather. Rey shot a menacing look at him, to which the slim man simply ignored, and turned back to converse quietly with Kylo Ren. “I think I have a few uses for her…” Rey’s head snapped up and she threw out a chilling glare. Whatever disgusting plans he had in mind for her, were not going to happen. She was not going to sit here like some useless pawn to his wicked games. If she hadn’t passed out in the middle of the battle, she would not be aboard the fucking Finalizer! If she could’ve saved Finn, she wouldn’t be here! She would not be in her sworn enemies hands. She gritted her teeth harder, and struggled against the stormtroopers as they began to undo her restraints. If she could escape once, she could certainly do it twice… “Take the prisoner to her holding cell, try to pick the cell furthest possible, please.” Rey felt a blaster being pushed up against her lower back, and it was then she realized that she had been dragging her feet. “Move it, girl, or we will make you move!” She wasn’t sure which one of the soldiers had said it to her, but she grumbled out a slew of profanities, and bregrudgidly listened. If she ever wanted the chance to escape, being killed right off the bat would not be the optimal way to go. Besides, she needed to find out if Finn was on this ship, since no one seemed to want to answer her… Chapter 2 : Opportunities and Opposition Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter 2- Opportunities and Opposition Hux felt his frown deepen as he walked further away from Snoke. Of course the Supreme Leader dealt him and Kylo Ren the cards. It was their responsibility to decide what to do with her. His annoyance twisted in his gut and he felt his expression harden. If it were up to him, she would not be here. However, from the strict strategic purpose of the war, she was an asset. She was useless without training. It did not matter if she had the precious “force”, an untrained mind is a loose canon. If he had to relate to something that made more sense to him, it was like throwing a man into a war, not a solider. “Hux.” Kylo Ren’s strides were double his own, it did not take long for the larger man to catch up to the slight General. “It’s General Hux.” he quipped back, turning the corner and quickly making his way to the control room to check surveillance footage of the prisoners. “What are you thinking of?” The knight asked, silently following after the general. There were several stormtroopers and other lower class members of the Finalizer that saw the two men striding down the hall and quickly threw themselves out of the way. Kylo thrived off the feeling of knowing people would do anything to not get on his bad side. It was such a fulfilling and deeply satisfying feeling to know that he was the one in control. He clenched his gloved fists to contain the surge of pleasure he got from the thought of his power. “Why are you bothering pretending you have the courtesy to ask when I can feel your disgusting presence in my mind?” Hux sneered, waiting for the door to slide open after reading his palm. Kylo let a small chuckle escape from him, it sounded discombobulated from the robotic twinge the mask put on his voice. “You want nothing to do with her, but you feel she will be a great asset once she is trained. I agree. But she will not come easy. We must break her before we can make her into the powerful advantage we need.” Hux carefully listened to what Kylo was explaining to him. For once, the man before him was not spewing angry nonsense. It was almost tolerable to be speaking to him in this moment. “I have a few thoughts on that…” Hux mused, absentmindedly picking up a datapad and searching a few things. “Do share.” Rey was infuriated. She was locked in a disgustingly dark and freezing metal cell somewhere deep inside the Finalizer. She tried to reach out using the force, try to detect something, someone, but she swore this cell was blocking her out. She growled and continued to pace around the small cubicle of space. There was nothing in the cell. It had to simply be a holding cell, she determined. There was no bed, no sink, nothing. It didn’t surprise her that it was more than likely they put her here to make her feel as if she were in a cage. It didn’t matter how or where she was being held at this point. Rey heard a clanking of metal, a shuffle of dragging feet, and a man crying out. She knew that cry. She heard it back on Starkiller Base. “FINN!” she screamed, rushing up to the front of the cell. She heard a muffled scream in return to her shout. Rey’s fists punded the metal wall, over, and over, and over. She didn’t know when her flesh started burning, or when it started to turn slightly purple, but she didn’t care. She only cared that Finn was near her, somewhere. It was enough to keep the adrenaline pumping, and the pain numbed. There was a brief period of worrying silence that followed the shuffling. Her heart was pounding so hard that she could only hear the sound of her blood rushing in her ears. Would he be okay? “I think we should kill him,” Hux mused, nudging the broken body of the traitor with the toe of his combat boot. Kylo only stared down at him, his mask reflecting the pathetic figure lying in a crumpled heap on the ground. Hux sighed heavily and turned to stare at the cell down the hallway. The only reason Finn was unresponsive and not kicking and screaming much like the other prisoner was, was because he had been subdued. “Though I feel that is a tempting idea, I know that we could use him to our advantage,” Hux added, briefly looking to the other man, waiting for a response other than a grunt. “Rey certainly will not assist us willingly, but she would do anything for this revolting boy.” The malice was clearly present in the masked man’s tone. The traitor didn't even deserve being called a man. He was a coward. Hux couldn’t have agreed more. How strange, for the first time in what was seemingly forever, the two men had agreed more than once on one given day. A fleeting thought came to Hux, he wondered what it would be like for the two of them to not be at each other’s throats anymore. It left as soon as it came across him, it was useless to think that would happen. “I suppose you’re right. We can kill him later. For now, I want the girl to see him. To know that he is alive.” Kylo nodded and left the room to get some troopers to retrieve the girl. Rey looked up from her position on the floor as she heard footsteps echoing off the ground near her. She closed her eyes and focused. She detected three separate footsteps approaching. One belonged to someone with a heavy gait, and the two others scrambled ahead lightly. Her gut wrenched. Kylo Ren. She could practically feel him before anything. It was the first time she felt a flare up in the force. She didn’t know how to describe the feeling. It was as if something had entered her consciousness, but not fully. Just a small hum that quietly lapped at the back of her mind. A serene pool of water. It was still. The closer the footsteps came, the more frequent another feeling occurred to her. The dark pool of water began to ripple slightly. It was not a dangerous ripple, it was not one that threatened to spill all the water, angrily sloshing the tides around. Just as if someone gentled dipped their fingers in and pulled them back. It was Kylo. No one else was force sensitive in this ship. Her own anger is what caused the waves to form, angrily crashing all around her. She became livid at the thought of Kylo Ren being anywhere near her mind. She hoped he felt the turmoil forming in the bond. All she knew of the force was what Leia explained briefly to her, or what she had read somewhere. She knew that this was Kylo. And she knew that the very thought made her disgusted. To be forced to share a bond with a person who made her so angry. A bond with the same man who killed his father. The same one who tried to kill her only friend. The one that destroyed all the Jedi, all but Luke. How could anyone be so cruel? “Rey, is this cell to your liking?” The modulated voice centered her back to her current position. In the hands of the First Order. She knew he was being sarcastic to torment her. She clenched her teeth together and flexed her hands. Her anger radiated off of her so readily, her thoughts projected at him so fast he was surprised she was not on her feet screaming at the top of her lungs. He accepted her anger, fed off of it even. It felt good. Her anger felt so good to him. It was so pure, palpable, and easy to manipulate. “Where is Finn?” To him, it didn’t even come off as a question. It came off as a demand to him. A demand to know where her “friend” was and the knowledge if he was safe or not. “Conscious.” She narrowed her eyes at him. He had opened her cell door, and behind him were two soldiers. She didn’t even care. She knew they were there in case she bolted. “Take me to him.” Kylo folded his arms over his chest and took in a deep breath to center himself. “You do not call the shots around here, desert rat.” Ah, so he had switched from using her name to now insulting her. She knew his temper was short. He was still immature as ever. Hopefully he heard that one... She stood up as he inched further into her cell, ready to defend herself if necessary. “Let me go. Let my friend go. You have no use for us.” Her words were grating. It seemed that she struggled greatly just to speak without throwing her hands up and trying to attack him. It would be futile, and she knew that. He was much stronger than her, physically, and mentally. If she had her staff she would’ve had a greater shot at taking him down. Considering how worn down she was from everything, the environment she was in, and the two other people in the room… she knew it was wise to pick her battles, and she would not be picking this one. At least, she wouldn’t be picking it until she knew she would have some percentage of an advantage... Notes: I know this was a short chapter, but it's more of a time filler I guess... I have some really exciting chapters that will be rolling out after this one. I hope I did well, comment and let me know what you're excited for!! ;)