Pumpkin Spicey Kylo grabbed Hux’s hand tightly, pulling his scarf over his reddening nose to shield it from the cold. Hux grumbled in a fond sort of way that said he didn’t actually mind as he tucked their conjoined hands into the pocket of his warm jacket. “I can’t believe you convinced me to go to Starbucks,” he said, with no heat. “You love me,” Kylo wheedled, grinning. “Perhaps,” Hux allowed. They entered the toasty warm Starbucks together, Hux taking a seat at a table and Kylo entering the line. Hux removed his jacket, revealing his auburn sweater. When Kylo returned, he set down their two cups, grinning at Hux. “I don’t trust that face,” Hux said, narrowing his eyes. “Try it,” was all Kylo said in answer, shoving Hux’s drink towards him. He took a sip of his own, grinning all the while. Hux cautiously sipped at the drink, look at Kylo suspiciously over the rim of his cup. To his surprise, the distinct taste of pumpkin flavored the coffee. His head jerked back, looking at the cup as though it had insulted him. “What the hell?’ “The infamous Pumpkin Spice Latte,” Kylo replied sagely, trying to look serious and failing horribly. Hux took another sip at it. His brow furrowed as though in distaste, but Kylo knew he liked it. When they returned home, Kylo bundled his boyfriend onto the couch, kissing the taste of coffee from his mouth. Their bare feet tangled together. Kylo shuddered slightly at the feeling of Hux’s somehow already cold feet. “You wore two pairs of socks,” Kylo muttered against Hux’s lips, “how are you cold already?” “Must be my cold, dead heart,” Hux replied, nipping the tip of Kylo’s nose. Kylo reached down to stroke the elegant arches of Hux’s foot, swallowing the soft yelp and relishing the way he jerked as Kylo’s warm hands touched his cold feet. Kylo hauled them closer together, snuggling into him, nipping at his jaw line and making possessive noises. He leaned forward against Hux until they were both horizontal, Kylo covering Hux’s smaller body with his bulk. “Don’t crush me you great lump,” Hux complained half-heartedly, his words negated by his hands tugging Kylo’s hips closer and his lips chasing after Kylo’s. “Anything you say…” Kylo murmured with a glint in his eye, “… Pumpkin Spice.” Kylo slept on the couch that night.