Prologue Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben felt his pulse pounding in his ears as he raced through the alleyway. Poe was coming from the opposite direction, hoping to head perpetrator off. They’d been tracking this guy for months, and just as they were about to swoop in and make the arrest their cover had been blown. It was Ben’s fault. He hadn’t heard Poe tell him he’d been made, and things had gone downhill rapidly. However, Ben would be damned if he let this guy slip away again. Ben cut a corner too close, and his shoulder caught the wall. He didn’t stop as pain radiated through his shoulder. He could see the guy running straight for an eight foot chain link fence. Pushing himself a little harder, Ben used his impressive height to leap up and catch the perp’s ankle before he could swing himself over the fence. The guy kicked out, but Ben dragged him back down to the concrete and wrestled him into submission as Poe and their backup arrived. Poe put the cuffs on the man just as their boss arrived, and Ben sighed as the man patted Poe on the back to congratulate him. “You always show up just in time to take the glory,” Ben told him once they were back in their car. Poe laughed. “Trust me, everyone knows you chased that guy down. You look like a trainwreck,” Poe told him. Ben flipped down the overhead mirror and looked at himself as Poe drove them back to the office. Ben did look like he’d just chased someone out a window and into a dumpster before running through several alleys. It wasn’t a good look. Ben sighed, knowing he’d probably have to sit through a lecture about proper protocol and how not to get made. Ben knew he was an excellent agent, but he always seemed to get the short stick. Meanwhile, Poe had been his partner for two years, and the guy seemed to get commendation after commendation. It wasn’t fair. The agency was in Ben’s blood. “Solo, my office,” their boss called when they walked back into the Bureau that evening. Poe gave him a sympathetic look as he continued toward his cubicle. Ben sighed but followed his superior’s order. He really hated answering to a man who knew far less than he did. “Close the door and take a seat, Solo,” the man said, sitting behind his own desk. “I’m sorry about today, sir. I—” “I don’t want to talk to you about today, Ben. I know sometimes you can do everything right, and things still go to shit. It’s part of the job. You got the guy. No one got hurt. It wasn’t pretty, but let’s close that chapter. What I need to speak to you about is...well, it’s unconventional. The higher ups need an unconventional sort of agent for their operation, and well, your name came up,” his boss told him. Ben looked at him like he had several heads. He was still wrapping his brain around not being disciplined again that he barely registered his boss’ comments. “What kind of operation?” Ben asked, feeling excitement settle into his bones. This could be his chance to prove himself to the Bureau. “The vice division is looking to take down one of the biggest prostitution rings in the country. Normally this wouldn’t be the Bureau’s top priority, but this is interstate and possibly international. It’s big. These guys specialize in some weird shit, and after months we’ve got a chance to plant an undercover agent. The only problem is that our agent fell down three flights of stairs and looks to be on medical for the foreseeable future. We need a replacement before the infiltration was set to take place. That leads me to you,” his boss said, folding his hands on the top of his desk and looking serious, and possibly slightly nauseated. “Kid, I’m not going to bullshit you. This job goes above and beyond. The job entails going undercover as a patron of the ring and possibly...taking part in sexual acts that I didn’t even know existed before this week. We haven’t been able to get anyone into this ring other than as a parton, and it took us nearly a year to get this far. If it wasn’t sewn up so tight we’d wait for another opportunity, but this might be it. These guys are three steps ahead of us, and we need eyes and ears on the inside. You don’t have to say yes. There won’t be any conse—” “I’ll do it,” Ben told him. “Ben, take some time to think about it, really. This isn’t going to be you sitting in a hotel room, getting fat on takeout while you watch a man scratch his ass in his apartment through binoculars. This is…” “I know. I can do this,” Ben cut in while his boss was looking for the right words. “Just give it a night. Your folks would kill me if I sent you into this without you taking the time to really go over it—” “I said that I would do it. I won’t change my mind. Give me what you have, and I’ll be ready,” Ben said, standing up. This would be his chance to prove he was worthy of the Organa-Solo name. He knew the way everyone whispered that the apple had fallen very far from the tree. Even his own parents didn't seem to understand where he was coming from most of the time. Maybe Ben didn’t look like the average FBI agent with his too long hair and his often unpredictable temper. However, he was smart and he’d solved far more cases than he’d gotten credit for. There was no way someone would be taking credit for this one. He’d show them once and for all, and he’d put away some scumbags as he did it. --- He went home that night with a too thin file on First Order Exotic Imports. There wasn’t much information on the company, and even less on those who worked for it. The names Hux and Phasma came up several times, but no one seemed to know whether those were first or last names, or even whether they were men or women or the same person. Ben filed away everything he read. The place he’d be going undercover was a sort of pleasure dungeon that specialized in providing masters for people who wanted to be a sex slave for an allotted period of time. From what he read, it seemed to be popular in rich circles because the starting price for a week with a personal master was more than Ben made in several months. Ben spent the better part of a week reading everything he could about Master/slave relationships. When he wasn’t looking into all of the particulars of what he’d be getting himself into, he was trying to piece together the information the FBI already had. There wasn’t much, and what they had made little sense. Ben didn’t know how this group kept everyone’s identity hidden. Someone had to know something, and who exactly were their clients. Ben didn’t know too many people rolling in that much money who had the time to be someone else’s slave for a month. The whole thing made Ben’s head spin, but it also whet his appetite for adventure. By the night he was scheduled to go to the warehouse the First Order operated out of, he couldn’t wait to get his hands dirty. He had visions of walking in, guns blazing, and taking the whole place down himself. His father had told him stories like that back in his day. Unfortunately, that wasn’t how things would go down, and that became abundantly clear when Ben walked into the warehouse and was immediately told to strip to his underwear by two masked guards. The men were in all black, and Ben could tell they were heavily armed. Ben followed their orders, going over his cover story in his head as he folded his clothes. He was glad they hadn’t bugged him because it would have been taken from him with his clothing. Next, he was escorted to a small office and given a mountain of paperwork to fill out. Ben read it all slowly, hating how hard it was to focus when he was anticipating what was to come. He went over each of the rules and regulations, but by the time he got to his profile, he had had it. He went with what was easy, saying he was open to just about anything. He couldn’t even pronounce some of the stuff, and he could speak three languages. He did know he wanted nothing to do with blood, and he thought he might gag if anything pertaining to scat was involved. Everything else got a green light or at least a solid ‘I’ll try it.’ Ben filled out his medical information, knowing it all by heart after years of paperwork. They’d given him everything down to a doctor’s name and number, and he added those. Finally, he got to the disclaimers and the contract. Ben filled it out carefully, reading all of the information and filing it away for later. When he was done, he signed the contract as Kylo Ren. When he was done, he was given a collar and a mask and guided to an open room in the warehouse. Others stood waiting, staring at the floor, and Kylo was quickly told to do the same. Kylo stood in the large warehouse with nearly twenty others. All of their faces were obscured by ornate masks, and they too had been stripped of all other clothing save for their undergarments and a collar. They had been told not to speak or even look at each other, but Kylo’s eyes wandered, always alert. People of all body types stood in five neat rows, waiting to meet their masters. Some were clearly nervous while others stood calmly. Kylo wondered if they had done this before. He also wondered what kind of person spent over fifty grand to be someone’s pleasure slave for one month. They waited for nearly an hour, and Kylo had memorized tattoos, piercings, body shapes, nipple shapes by the time they heard a heavy door open, and two people wearing all black entered the large room. Without a word, the larger of the two walked through the rows, carrying a leash. They walked up to a woman with small breasts and one pierced nipple. The lead was connected to her collar, and she was led away. They waited under the watchful gaze of the other person in black until the first returned with another lead. Kylo watched as person after person was led away to other parts of the facility. When Kylo had read the paperwork, it had said slaves were matched with masters to best serve them, so he supposed that was why they were taken one at a time. When Kylo was the last one left, he began to sweat. Perhaps they didn’t have a master for him. This whole thing could be over before it even began. His promotion was riding on this. He could crack one of the largest prostitution rings in the state, perhaps even the country. What if he'd already been made? What if he was in here in his underwear without any backup, and those guards with poorly concealed guns came back? The person with the leashes never came back with one for him. The temperature seemed to drop as he stood alone in front of the second person. When Kylo felt like he needed to leave, the person removed their hands from behind their back to reveal a smooth leather leash. Kylo felt his pulse spike as he realized he had likely been with his master the whole time. The person did not walk over to him in order to attach the lead. They stood there, holding it in full view and allowing it to sink in. Kylo’s thoughts focused down to the person before him. He knew he shouldn’t look at them, but it went against his training not to be perfectly attuned to his surroundings. The person was tall, and they stood just as still as Kylo did. Their clothes were perfectly pressed, and their boots were polished. Their mask revealed only a pair of plush lips that were pressed together in a stern line. Kylo was starting to really notice the chill in the warehouse when the person slapped the lead against their palm. “You will follow my heels. Do not look up from my shoes. Do not make me use the lead,” they said in a smooth tenor. They had a British accent that gave they words even more authority, or perhaps Kylo’s mom had just made him watch too many period dramas as a child. “Step forward,” they ordered without waiting for him to respond to their first order. Kylo took a single step forward. It was just enough to bring those polished boots into view without raising his head. His master didn’t say anything else as they turned and began to walk away. Kylo fell into step, keeping his head down but still trying to get a layout of the dark facility. His master walked quickly, so Kylo couldn’t take much in without giving himself away. As it was, he almost clipped a corner as his master did a quick turn on his heel. They stopped immediately at the awkward shuffle of Kylo’s bare feet. Kylo bit his lip and cursed himself as his master’s shoes turned to face him. The lead came into view just beneath his chin. His master brushed it down his chest and stomach, forcing his attention to focus solely on that. He was waiting for the hit, but it never came. “Kneel,” his master said calmly. Kylo obeyed the order, wondering if he’d be made to crawl the rest of the way. Several of the others had been told to crawl. “Kiss them,” his master said, sliding one gleaming boot forward. Kylo closed his eyes and bent to kiss the offered shoe. When he pulled back, the other shoe was presented, and he kissed that one as well. He’d never been good with humiliating orders, even in the academy he’d fought with several instructors over unfair practices. He’d nearly been kicked out more than once. However, this was important, and he’d kiss a few boots for the end result. “Stand and see that you follow them and only them this time,” they ordered once he’d kissed both feet. Kylo rose and stared at the tips of those boots. He could see the smudge where his lips had touched them. They continued through the maze of halls until they stopped, and his master removed a ring of keys from their pocket. Kylo waited until the door was opened. “You will enter and stand on the mat in the center of the room,” his master told him, and Kylo followed the directions. He walked into the room until he stepped onto a very soft square of carpet. Then he stopped and waited for further orders. The room was awash with a red glow, but Kylo didn’t look around knowing he was being watched. He felt his master approach him from behind once the door was closed and locked. “Your name is Kylo Ren. Your safeword is Vader. You are a submissive switch with masochistic tendencies. You have no limits other than blood and scat. You have several fantasies, including humiliation, petplay, and public sex." Kylo barely remembered filling out the fantasies part of the contract. He'd just written down the plots to the pornos he used to watch. He really should've come up with a better idea, but the Bureau said to keep things as close to his personality as possible to make things easier. “Your blood type is AB negative. Your tests came back negative, but you admitted to having Chlamydia in the past. Your doctor deemed you healthy enough to take part in physically strenuous activity, and you have provided your physician's information. “You stipulate at least forty-five minutes of decompression and aftercare post scene, and will be given no less than that on any night, but more time will be provided as necessary. You will also be provided with a number that you can reach me at any time should you require assistance related to our arrangement. “Is any of this information false?” his master asked. “You may speak.” “No, it’s all correct,” Kylo said, going through the contract in his head. His master stepped in front of him. “I am your master. You will call me General, Sir, or Master. You will answer only to myself unless you are explicitly told otherwise by me. I am aware of your file, and it is my job to see that your needs and specifications are met at all times. If I fail to do this, you are to immediately utilize your safeword. If another master or slave touches you without express permission from myself, you must tell me immediately or use your safeword. I should never be out of earshot during play. If you are in a position where you are not capable of speaking, another method of communication with always be provided and thoroughly explained.” His master went through the entire contract Kylo had already signed, asking for verbal confirmation after each section. Kylo stood patiently listening to the lilt of their voice. It was easier to focus on all of the information when it was told to him directly. The General must have done this a number of times because he seemed to have it memorized and knew exactly where to pause to prevent it from become monotonous. “You have agreed to be my slave for one month’s time. You have signed and verbally agreed to each of the rules. If at anytime you wish to end this contract for any reason, you must tell me directly or call the number you have been provided and enter your personal pin. Once you have done that, you are free of any obligation, and we know not to expect you back. This contract is non-refundable, so no money will be returned to you. Are you in agreement?” “Yes, sir.” “Are you ready to begin?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, hoping to get on with this. The anticipation was grating, and he just wanted to see what he was in for while he attempted to find out who ran this facility. “Hold your hands out to the sides and spread your legs to shoulder width apart.” Kylo did as he was told. His master stood in front of him and began to inspect him. He touched Kylo’s chest with gloved fingers, running them over his pecs and down his abs. Then they inspected his arms before walking around him and running his hands over Kylo’s back and thighs. It was hard to stand still for inspection when Kylo still didn’t know anything about this person. Kylo had never been good trusting his own partner, so he didn’t know how he was going to trust a complete strange with things far more intimate than time spent in surveillance vehicles and overtime in the office. Though, if Kylo was being honest with himself, he was just as interested to see what this would arrangement bring as he was to crack this ring. How often did someone have the government foot the bill on a month for sex? Actually, probably more often than anyone knew, but that was beside the point. Kylo’s breath caught as his master laid his hand on Kylo’s hips where the waistband of his briefs were. His master didn’t ask before lowering his briefs halfway down his thighs. Kylo felt himself flush as his master pressed his hand to the small of his back, silently telling him to bend forward. Kylo bent at the waist, blushing beneath his mask as his ass was presented for inspection. His master removed his hand from Kylo’s back and placed one on each of his cheeks before spreading them. Kylo had never felt more exposed in his life, and he’d been through the academy which wasn’t known for its value of privacy. “Good,” his master said, pressing one gloved finger to his hole for a moment. Kylo began to sweat bullets. It had been over a year since he’d gotten laid. His work schedule didn’t make it easy to find a date or even to find time for a hookup. It had been much longer since anyone had put so much as a finger near his ass. Even he hadn’t ventured down there recently because work had consumed just about every waking minute: stakeouts, overtime, medical leave when he inevitably hurt himself when taking someone down. There was just no time for self-love if he was going to meet everyone's expectations. Perhaps he should’ve thought of that when filling out those forms, but he’d been so focused on getting in and putting this operation to bed. “Stand straight,” they ordered, removing the pressure and their hands then coming around to his front again. Kylo tried to breathe steadily as he realized that his master’s inspection was sending very confusing signals to his body, leaving it in a state of full arousal. He didn’t want to seem out of control, but he’d thought much more about his strategy for extracting information than he had about the fact that he had essentially signed up for one month of hardcore sex on the government’s dime. Not that he wasn’t down for that. He’d had his fair share of rebellion before entering the academy. There was probably nothing on the table that Kylo hadn’t explored and enjoyed in the past...it had just been a long time. And he had kept that chapter of his life under lock and key since joining the Feds. However, he supposed they wouldn’t have offered this job to him if it had been that well hidden. “Unacceptable,” his master said, taking his cock in hand and moving it from side to side before reaching down and cupping his testicles as well. Kylo felt the heat of humiliation spread through his body. He’d never had someone outright say his body wasn’t good enough, usually the opposite was true. His cock had frightened a few partners, but his master’s words stung. “You’ll need a trim,” his master said with finality. Kylo gulped. A trim? What on earth would be trimmed? Forget it, he wasn't ready for this assignment. He needed his damn balls… “I don’t require my slaves to be hairless, but this is unacceptable. I will trim you today, and I will expect you to maintain it yourself regularly.” Kylo opened his eyes and looked as his master ran his fingers through the thick, dark hair surrounding the base of his cock. Kylo couldn’t help the awkward huff of breath as he tried not to laugh at himself. “What is the matter?” his master asked, catching him. He didn’t take his hand off Kylo’s cock, still stroking the hair around it with his other hand. “Sorry, sir,” Kylo said dutifully. “I asked what was the matter?” Kylo bit the inside of his cheek. “I expect honesty from my slaves, otherwise this will not work.” “I didn’t understand,” Kylo told him. “What did you not understand?” “You meant pubes. I didn’t...I didn’t know what you meant.” His master let go of him, reaching up to cup his chin instead. Kylo almost gasped when he was guided to look fully at his master for the first time. A mask obscured his face, but two beautiful blue eyes looked back at him steadily. Kylo’s whole body tingled, feeling anticipation for what was to follow. “If I’m unclear, I want you to let me know. How would you like to make it known?” he asked. Kylo mapped his beautiful lips and his fair eyelashes as he thought of a suitable answer. Evidently, it took too long. “How about ‘Sir, please elaborate?’” his master asked. “That’s fine, sir.” “Good. There isn’t anything wrong with not understanding, but I will not accept ignorance as an excuse when you can ask for clarification,” his master told him, letting go of his chin and turning away. “Follow me,” he said, walking to a second door at the back of the room. Kylo followed, walking awkwardly with his underwear still stretched around his thighs. The door led into an adjoining bathroom. There was a large bathtub, a shower cubicle, a toilet, and a vanity. It was nicer than the one Kylo had at home, and it threw him for a second as his master stood in the bright light puttering at the vanity. With his back to Kylo, Kylo could see the vibrant red hair that was neatly styled back despite the mask distorting his face. Kylo had never had a thing for redheads, but it was an intriguing color against all of the black his master wore. “Stand in the center of the room, hands behind your back,” he said, opening the medicine cabinet that was filled with razors, toothbrushes, lotion, bandages, and other necessities. His master removed a small pair of scissors, a razor, and shaving cream from the cabinet before closing it again. Kylo stood there, feeling even more exposed now that they were in the bright light of the bathroom. However, when his master knelt before him with a bowl of warm water and a towel draped over his thigh, Kylo began to relax a bit. “I prefer my slaves well kempt. It becomes more important later on. Removing wax from genital hair is more painful than getting wax poured on your genitals,” he said, lifting the scissors and carefully trimming the hair closest to Kylo’s thighs. Kylo tried not to think about hot wax anywhere near his genitals, especially not holding his pubes captive as he tried to clean that up. His master worked his way in, snipping everything down to what would be manageable for the small disposable razor, seemingly oblivious to Kylo’s thoughts of accidental Brazilian waxes due to wax play gone wrong. His hands were sure but gentle as he kept Kylo’s cock out of harm’s way while the other hand made quick work of his pubes. “Have you ever trimmed or shaved before?” he asked, not looking up from his task. Kylo didn’t want to admit that he’d never even thought of it. He knew it was something some women did, but he’d never thought of doing it himself. The sex talk had been painful coming from Han though blessedly brief, and the porn he preferred didn’t exactly feature hairless men. “Not really,” Kylo said, holding himself steady even though he wanted to fidget under his master’s scrutiny. He was getting a view of every mole and blemish down there, and he had a razor in his hand, so Kylo couldn’t exactly make any sudden movements without putting his jewels in imminent danger. “I see. It may take a little getting used to as it grows in, but it shouldn’t be bad. Like I said, it is preferable when scenes become more demanding,” his master said, placing the scissors down once all of his hair had been trimmed. The area just above his cock wasn’t cut nearly as much as the rest, but even it was shorter than it had been. Kylo sighed when the man before him placed a warm towel over his cock and the surrounding area, cleaning away the trimmings. He felt almost like he was in a fancy barber shop getting a real face shave like he’d done for his parent’s vow renewal...right before their first separation. After a minute, his master removed the towel and wet the area with a washcloth before lathering it in shaving cream. “Don’t move. I don’t want to nick you,” he said before dipping the razor in the bowel of water and bringing it to Kylo’s crotch. Kylo couldn’t help relaxing as his master took such care with something as menial as shaving him. He held the razor steady, and he made clean strokes with it in a direction that would be least likely to cause irritation. “You enjoy being taken care of,” his master said once he had finished one side. Kylo didn’t say anything, assuming that his master would explain himself. He seemed to like to talk, which Kylo didn’t really mind. It was better than awkward silence, especially as Kylo got used to this. “Your breathing has finally slowed down, and you’ve stopped eyeing the exit.” Kylo bit the inside of his cheek. His master was more observant than he gave him credit for. “I’m here to bring you pleasure, Kylo. I take very good care of what’s mine.” He never took his eyes off his work. With each swipe of the razor, Kylo felt further lulled into a strange sense of security. This was probably the most intimate he’d been with a person in years. Yet somehow, having a man kneeling between his legs to shave his most private parts wasn’t awkward. When his master lifted his cock to carefully shave around his testicles, he felt his breath catch at the inherent danger of the action. A thrill ran down his spine as they skillfully removed any hair without causing so much as a papercut. “You’re doing very well.” His master’s praise was just as heady as they danger his testicles were in, and Kylo was dizzy with the strange emotions he was feeling. He’d been taking care of himself for as long as he could remember, and to have someone do something for him even if it was as simple as shaving, it felt different. “Much better. You have a handsome cock,” his master said, using the washcloth to clean away the remnants of the shaving cream. Each stroke of the cloth sent tremors of pleasure through him. Kylo looked down to see his cock heavy with arousal and standing proudly beneath a small triangular patch of hair that remained. The rest of his crotch and junction of his thighs was smooth and clean. “Stay where you are,” his master ordered, rising and taking the supplies back to the sink. He poured out the bowl of water and threw away the razor before cleaning the scissors and putting them away. When that was finished, he opened the cabinet again and removed a bottle of lotion as well as a box of condoms. Kylo’s pulse raced as he watched his master open the box and remove a single condom and small bottle of lubricant. His master returned with a second bowl of water and a fresh washcloth as well as the new supplies. “Close your eyes, Kylo. I want you to trust me,” he said, kneeling once again. Kylo fought with himself. His training told him never to let his guard down, but his body begged him to follow his master’s order. Everything up to now had been pleasurable even though he hadn’t expected such a thing to be pleasurable. It wasn’t like he enjoyed shaving in the morning before work, though maybe he would’ve if someone did it for him. Finally, Kylo closed his eyes, balling his fists behind his back as he did. It didn’t take long before he heard a bottle open and something warm wrap around his erection. Kylo couldn’t contain his shudder at the pressure. He felt desire pool in his belly and override his need for control and all of his training. His master’s grip was confident and just tight enough to bring him to full arousal. As soon as his cock hung heavily between his thighs, too large to rise up to salute his master, he felt the unmistakable sensation of latex against the head. His master rolled the condom onto him in a smooth motion, and he wasted no time wrapping his lips around Kylo’s covered cock. Kylo whimpered as his master’s tongue lapped at the head of his cock. He hadn’t had a mouth on him in too long, and with nothing else to focus on it was almost too much. The arousal tugged behind his bellybutton increasing tenfold as his master began to cup his balls and wrapped his other hand around the base of Kylo’s erection. His master was in no hurry though. He gave special attention to the head, taking his time to swirl his tongue around it. Kylo felt his knees go weak as he began to shake with need. He sighed, feeling almost weightless, as his master took his cock further into his mouth and massaged his testicles expertly. Kylo’s mouth seemed to have a mind of its own, moaning helplessly as his master took him deeper. His toes curled against the tile floor as his balls tightened in the cradle of his master’s hand. The knot in his belly seemed to explode, and without any time to warn his master Kylo came into the condom with a breathless cry. His master didn’t let go immediately, pulling back slowly and continuing to stroke him more gently through his orgasm. Kylo shook and barely held himself upright as his orgasm slowly spread through his body before receding again and leaving him exhausted by his own pleasure. “Stay standing,” his master said, voice rough from taking Kylo’s cock so deeply into his throat. “You may open your eyes when you are ready,” he told Kylo. Kylo did open his eyes, and he watched in surprise as his master carefully removed the condom. He tied it off and place it in the trash before returning to Kylo. He wet the new washcloth and lifted it to Kylo’s crotch, washing it a second time before drying it and applying lotion to the surrounding areas that had been shaved. Kylo watched in awe as his master took such care of him. No partner had ever taken the time to clean him up, other than tossing a used t-shirt at him and expecting him to do it himself. Certainly, no one had ever gone this far to take care of him. When his master was finished and everything was back in its place, including pulling Kylo’s underwear back up and tucking him neatly inside them once again, he opened the door to the bathroom and led Kylo back into the first room. Kylo was expecting to return to the square of carpet and to really begin their first scene, but his master guided him to a large bed in the corner. “I will get you your clothing while you get comfortable. I think that was a successful first scene. You were very good. You follow directions well,” his master said. Kylo blinked at him. “We’re done?” he asked in confusion. “We are far from done, but for tonight and our first scene, we are done.” “That’s it?” Kylo was shocked. He’d expected to at least have been fucked hard or hit or well anything sort of deviant. Instead he’d been pampered and given a really good blow job. “I thought I was going to be licking your boots or…” “Maybe in time, but not tonight. You aren’t ready for that. We don’t know each other, and what you are probably imagining takes trust. This is a lengthy experience, so we can build up to intense scenes, but that takes time and first we must lay the groundwork. Did you enjoy what we did?” His master stood before him, studying him with sharp eyes behind the black mask that covered the top half of his face. Kylo felt his cheeks heat. “Yes,” he said, knowing there was no point in lying to the man that had been there. “Then it was a good scene. I will get you something to eat and drink while you rest,” his master said. Kylo sat on the bed still in just his underwear. He looked around the room and was surprised by how cozy it felt. The bed was plush, and there was also comfortable looking furniture. There was a strange chair in one corner that Kylo vague recognized as being made for sex. However, other than that, the room didn’t look much like any pleasure dungeon or porno he’d looked at while researching what to expect. His master came back with his clothing under one arm and a tray of food in his hands. Kylo was expecting his master to offer him a snack and tell him to get going, but he followed the forty-five minute rule even though they’d barely done anything. His master never removed his mask, but he sat comfortably on the bed with Kylo. He removed a glove to eat the fruit on the platter, and Kylo was mesmerized by how pale and delicate his hand was. He wanted to know what they felt like, but he corrected himself. He was here on a mission. These scenes were a means to an end. He wasn’t like these people. “You can reach me at this number at any time. If you are feeling unwell or feeling a drop, do not hesitate to call me. It is my job to look after your wellbeing even if you aren’t in my presence. If you cannot make it one day, I would like it if you called me and let me know,” his master told him, holding out a business card that had nothing but a phone number typed on it in a neat font. There was nothing else on it to tell him who it belonged to. “Sure, okay,” Kylo said, planning to run the number as soon as he got home. His master was probably just one of the many sex workers caught up in the ring, but Kylo needed to use every lead he could get. “I may contact you via the number you provided during the day with directions for our evening. It will mostly be preparations I expect you to complete before you come, so we don’t have to waste our limited time doing it when you get here. If you are unable to complete the directions due to work or emergency, I expect notification. Is that understood?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, going over the directions in his mind as he tucked the business card into his wallet. “You can call me Tige when we aren’t actively in a scene,” he said. His voice was still steady, but his tone was different now that he had called time on their scene. Kylo wasn’t sure what it was, and he wasn’t sure what he preferred, but he was in no hurry to leave. When he did eventually return to the apartment he would be staying in for the duration of the operation, he stripped down and took a long shower as per Tige’s final order before they parted. He went over what he’d learned that evening. It wasn’t much, but he knew he had to be patient. His father had spent two years undercover when Ben was just a boy, but eventually he took down several major mobsters. When Ben stepped out of the shower, he caught a glimpse of himself in the bathroom mirror and he stopped. He stared at his naked body, studying what Tige had done to him. He turned to the side, studying the man’s work. Ben found he liked it, not just in that moment but it looked...neat. After writing down his report and sending it to Poe, he went to bed. He fell asleep looking forward to what the following day would bring. Notes: This chapter includes: grooming (sexual, not as an abuse tactic), body inspection Chapter 2 : Spanking Notes: Thank you everyone who commented or kudoed! I was overwhelmed by the reaction to chapter one. I hope you all continue to enjoy this story. Warnings in the endnote though there aren't many yet. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben slept late the next morning. He slept through two alarms, and just woke around the time he was supposed to be in the office. He called Poe as he started pulling on his least wrinkled pair of black slacks that were strewn about his floor. He sniff tested his collection of black shirts as the phone rang. “You better not be chained up in a dungeon somewhere and not able to make it into work,” Poe said instead of saying hello. Ben wasn’t exactly fond of Poe’s ability to inject humor into everything. It reminded him of his father, and while Ben wanted to live up to his father’s legacy, he didn’t want to see or speak to the man. “I slept through my alarm. Cover for me,” Ben said, giving up on a fresh shirt and pulling a dirty one on and dousing himself in cologne. “Ben, you are the center of a major investigation. How do you expect me to hide the fact that you’re late?” “Pull the fire alarm or something,” Ben told him, crawling around the soft carpet in search of his other boot. “Fine, but you owe me a drink.” “I’ll get you one of those awful lattes you drink during lunch,” Ben said, ending the call and pulling on his second boot. He ran to the bathroom and ran his fingers through his hair until it looked only as messy as it usually did. He was grateful that the office the Bureau had set up for this operation was close to the fancy apartment they had him staying in. Ben drove too fast to the building and left the key with the valet, so he could rush up to the office. “I’m telling you, boss. He could barely walk. This ‘master’ they’ve got him with is hung like a horse. I mean maybe they are a horse in a person su—Ben, glad you made it in,” Poe said, grinning as Ben turned the corner to his office. Ben flipped him the bird, knowing Poe was pulling his leg. “I asked you to cover for me not spread rumors that I’m fucking livestock after hours,” Ben told him, turning to face their boss who looked as disinterested in Ben’s personal life as ever. “Thanks for checking in with Dameron, Solo. We went over your report last night. Do you have the business card you were given?” his boss asked, holding out his hand. Ben reached into his pocket and removed his wallet, pulling out the card and handing it over. He’d already memorized the number and put it into his phone, so they could do with it as they pleased. “Things went okay?” his boss finally asked after dropping the card into an evidence baggy. Ben sighed. This was somehow more awkward that having another man shave his balls. “It went fine. Like I said in the report, most of my night was spent in the front of the warehouse waiting with the others. There are twenty of us in total. Other than a bit of a chill in the air, it wasn’t unpleasant. I mapped out what I could, and I’ll try to add to the blueprint as I see more…” “And, nothing…” “I’ll save it for the psychologist, Boss,” Ben told him, having no interest in relating what had gone on in the room with Tige. They’d all agreed that was no one’s business but Ben’s unless it revealed something. They had him seeing a psychologist weekly, but Ben didn’t look forward to it. “And you didn’t meet a Hux or Phasma?” Poe asked, having gone through the files as well in order to have Ben’s back during this operation even if he wasn’t undercover with him. “No. I wasn’t introduced to anyone but the man I’m working with. He goes by The General,” Ben reported even though it was all in his report. Once they had gone over everything, Ben met with the whole team and discussed his findings again. After that, he was evaluated by the psychologist then told to head back to his apartment and get some rest. The next check in would be in three days unless something major happened. Ben went back to the fancy apartment and worked out in the gym for nearly two hours. He worked up a sweat on the squat rack and didn’t hear his phone chime as he gave it his full concentration. When he’d finished his cooldown jog, he checked the time on his phone only to find one text message waiting for him. —Shower and shave before your arrive tonight. Eat a light meal, but do not skip it. When you arrive, strip and leave your clothing in your box. You will be guided to your room, and you will wait for me on the carpet. Kneel and keep your head to the floor. I will inspect you before we begin.— Ben could practically hear his master’s voice as he read each order. Every word spoken with equal authority, ensuring Ben neglecting nothing. He read the number it was from, and it matched the number Tige had given him. Ben closed the phone and went up to his apartment to shower instead of using the gym facilities. Ben grabbed a bottle of water when he got to his apartment before heading for the bathroom. He stripped out of his gym clothes as he walked, leaving them on the floor to deal with later. As he was going through his drawer, looking for clean underwear, his phone buzzed again. He opened the message when he saw it was from his master again. —When you bathe, I want you to take two of your fingers at least to the second knuckle. No toys or aides, just fingers. Make sure that they are properly lubricated, and that you are properly cleaned out. You are not allowed to come, but I want you to become used to accepting my fingers— Ben still wasn’t used to how clinically his master had explained things. In his four years with the Bureau, Ben had taken down human traffickers, sexual predators, and any number of scumbags. He’d sat through some truly uncomfortable briefings, and he’d never once blushed. However, here he was, blushing at the thought of sticking his fingers in his ass because his master was going to know he’d done it...and then he was going to see how well he’d done. Even as Ben’s cheeks heated, his cock twitched in interest. Ben adjusted himself as he stepped into the cubicle and turned the water on very hot. He grabbed the bottle of lube he kept in there because his evening shower was often the only time he had to tug one off. Kylo faced the stream of water as he brought his hand behind his back. He circled his index finger around his hole as he let his head hang forward to wet his hair. He bit his lower lip as he tried to push his finger right in. Even the generous amount of lube he’d covered it in didn’t prevent that from being a terrible idea. Pulling his hand back, he tried to think of something sexy. He wasn’t allowed to come, but he definitely needed to relax a little. He washed his body as he tried to build a scene in his head. His imagination hadn’t been used much lately. Usually he just imagined that his fist was a willing mouth and fucked his hand relentlessly until he came. It was nothing as nuanced as his master’s blowjob the night before. Without any other inspiration, Ben thought about his master’s blue eyes scrutinizing him. He imagined them raking over his whole body, inspecting his every inch. His master would walk around him and bend him over, so Ben leaned forward and braced an arm against the tile before bringing his fingers to his ass again. He thought about his master spreading him wide and just looking at him for a moment, his breath ghosting over Ben’s exposed skin. Once he had a visual, he would press one gloved finger to Ben’s ass, circling gently. Ben mimicked that with his own finger, circling and teasing until he felt his own body begin to relax. Ben’s cock was fully hard as he pressed the tip of his index finger past the muscle and inside himself. He gasped softly as each movement brought with it new and intense sensations. Wiggling the digit pulled in his belly, but pushing in further left him breathless. Ben imagined his master cataloging his every response to the intrusion. He tried different things, and focused on his own body’s reactions. The further he pressed his finger in, the harder it became to take a full breath. Ben was lightheaded and painfully hard as he removed his first finger and circled his ass with two. He bit the inside of his cheek as he pressed against his hole, feeling himself teetering on the edge of something extraordinary. “Ben! I brought pizza,” Poe’s voice echoed through the apartment just before the slam of the front door shook the walls. Ben gasped, yanking his fingers away from his body and scrubbing his hands like Poe was going to barge in an ask to see them. “Oh, sorry man. Didn’t realize you were showering for your date. I brought pizza and beer. The lab went over what you gave them, and I figured I’d give you the rundown before you left,” Poe said from just outside the open doorway. “I also wanted to check out this sweet place they have you staying in. A hot tub on the balcony? I think I’m bringing the boyfriend here while you’re out.” Ben tried to catch his breath, but he felt like he had just been running for his life. “Thanks. I’ll be out in a second. Help yourself to whatever the set me up with,” Ben said, cringing at how awful he sounded. “You okay, man?” “Fine, just got back from the gym,” Ben said. At least, it wasn’t a lie. “Should’ve said you were working out. I would’ve come by earlier. I’ll pour you a beer while you get dressed,” Poe told him. Ben sighed, punching the wall lightly as he rinsed off. He stepped out of the shower and dressed in a pair of academy sweats that he wasn’t supposed to have while undercover. He walked barefoot into the kitchen where Poe was sipping a beer and reading a file he’d brought with him. “No luck on the business card or the phone number. The card doesn’t have prints other than yours, and the number is one of those computer ones and it’s bouncing off of so many places that they’ll be untangling the trail for the next six months before they can tell us what we already know. Boss says good job for turning it in though. We just need to be diligent, and something will give us a lead,” Poe said, raising his glass to toast with Ben. “Wasn’t expecting much. The guy didn’t take his gloves off pretty much the entire time, and I can’t imagine them using traceable technology if they’re this established,” Ben said, choosing to stand instead of sitting on one of the wooden barstools. “Exacty. Good work though. You were in there less than four hours, and you already got more than our guys got in six months…” “But it was useless,” Ben reminded him. Part of him wished he couldn’t sewn this thing up in one night even if he knew that was completely unrealistic. They’d spent three months working on their last case, and that one hadn’t even been that complicated. Another part of him wanted to go deeper. He wanted to see how this man, the General, ticked. Ben didn’t know how a man could be so calm. Ben was a constant storm of emotion. Even when he wasn’t showing it outright, it was brewing under the surface. “Dude, ninety percent of the shit we get in a case is useless, but you have to build the case. You sure you’re okay to do this though, right?” Poe sounded genuinely concerned, and that made Ben doubt himself. “What’s that supposed to mean?” Ben asked defensively. “It means you’re my partner, and I’m sitting here with my thumb up my ass while you’re going to get someone else’s thumb up your ass, and there’s nothing I can do if it goes sideways.” Ben laughed despite the fact that it was a terrible joke. “Keep your thumb out of your ass if you’re bringing me food. I’ll be fine. The guy I’m with isn’t all whips and chains and shit. He’s...a professional. There’s a reason people pay for this shit. They aren’t about to do something that’s going to jeopardize the cash flow,” Ben said, picking a piece of pizza out of the box. It wasn’t a light dinner, but he wasn’t about to say no when Poe had bought it for him with his favorite toppings. “Okay, man. I just like our usual setup better,” Poe told him, patting him on the back. Ben didn’t say anything. He couldn’t tell Poe that he liked this because no one was going to say that Poe was the brains behind this operation. No one was going to look at them and ask Poe how he could work with a guy that was holding him back. This was all Ben. He’d always worked better alone anyway. They ate together, and Ben listened while Poe talked sports and his new boyfriend who was still in the academy. Ben let Poe be proud of the guy’s achievements, and he even looked at the photos on Poe’s phone of the boyfriend and his academy friend. Finn was good looking, if a bit young for Poe, but he looked like he could keep up with Poe’s endless energy. The girl looked like a kid with her hair pulled back into a regulation bun. The video Poe showed him of her taking down a recruit twice her size was all the more impressive for how young she looked. “I could teach her a thing or two,” Ben said, noting how sloppy her technique was. She’d be a force to be reckoned with if she had the right training. “Yeah, like you took down that enforcer for the brothel last year?” Poe asked. Ben winced. He’d gotten his ass handed to him, but he’d still managed to cuff the woman. The end result was what was important. “I need to get going,” Ben said when he looked at the time. “Okay, text me when you get home tonight. I don’t need any more gray hairs worrying about you,” Poe told him, giving him a quick pat on the back before seeing himself out. Ben went over the file Poe had brought with him. There was nothing in there that Poe hadn’t told him, but Ben liked to read it for himself. It was his job to know what was going on, and trusting others to know it for him was just lazy. When he’d done that, he changed into his clean clothes for the evening and headed for the warehouse district. There wasn’t enough time to get back in the shower. Ben wasn’t even sure he’d be able to get anywhere if there was time. Poe had definitely scared the hell out of him, and he doubted his ass was going to forget that anytime soon. When Kylo arrived, he went in through the same door into a little office. He stripped out of his clothes save for his underwear, and he put on the collar and mask that had been left for him. He waited to be brought into the main room, but instead a person in all black came for him and attached a lead to his collar. “The General asked that you be taken to his quarters. He said that you have already been given directions for when you arrive there,” they said. They too had a British accent, lighter than his master’s and more feminine. However, this person was taller than Kylo as they stood before him. “Eyes on the floor as we move,” they said before checking the collar and lead and turning away from him. Kylo didn’t fight them as they began to guide him out of the room. He studied the path his feet took not wanting to get caught looking around by another person in the organization. He didn’t get much, but he knew they were using the same route as the night before. If nothing else, he’d know how to get out if he needed to. The walk to the room was quick, and before Kylo knew it he was standing alone in the same room as the night before. He tried to remember what his master had told him to do. Poe’s untimely interruption had thrown his focus, and he knew he needed to get it back if he was going to do his job. After looking around the room for a minute, Kylo went to the mat and knelt down. He folded his hands at the base of his spine and leaned forward until he was practically kissing the carpet. Kylo waited, but his master didn’t leave him waiting long. Kylo had only finished half of the meditation he used during interrogation simulations before the door opened and the sound of boots could be heard behind him. Gloved fingers caressed his spine. “You followed orders exceptionally,” his master said, and Kylo felt his body relax at the unmistakable sound of his voice. “Did you bathe when you went home last night?” his master asked, coming to stand right beside Kylo’s head. If he turned his face just a hair, he’d be staring right at those imposing boots. “Yes, sir,” Kylo replied, maintaining the uncomfortable position he was in. “Very good. Did you think about what I asked you to?” he asked. Kylo thought about his shower when he’d gone home. He’d been half hard the whole time, unable to forget his master’s mouth on him even as he went over his report for work. “Yes, sir.” “Good. Please sit up,” his master ordered, staying right where he was. Kylo kept his hands behind his back and used his core to lift his chest up. He kept his head down once he was upright. As soon as he was in position, he felt gloved fingers running through his hair. Kylo sat still as his master tenderly pet his head. It was soothing, and Kylo leaned into the touch slightly. “You may enjoy it,” his master told him, scratching Kylo’s scalp lightly. Kylo sighed, letting the tension of having to rush over after Poe’s departure drain out of him. He’d been keyed up since Poe burst in in the middle of his preparations. His master continued to play with his hair for several minutes before taking his hand back. “Please stand,” he said, stepping back to give Kylo room to rise. Kylo rose to his feet and stood waiting for further directions. “Spread your arms,” his master said, and Kylo immediately complied. His master ran his hands over Kylo’s arms, squeezing the defined muscles and murmuring to himself. Then he took Kylo’s face in his hands. He turned Kylo’s head from side to side then pressed his thumb between Kylo’s lips. “Open.” Kylo opened his mouth and stood patiently while his master inspected his mouth, pressing two fingers in and spreading them before gently closing Kylo’s mouth for him. His master ran his hands over Kylo’s chest, tweaking his nipples and muttering about immediate responses. He walked around Kylo, touching him here and there. He spoke to himself the entire time as if making notes and filing them away for later. “What do you weigh?” his master asked, holding Kylo’s sides from behind and measuring the fat there with a pinch. “More than two hundred, but I don’t know for certain,” Kylo answered. “Weigh yourself when you go home tonight. What is your height?” “I’m about six foot three give or take, sir,” Kylo answered. Each time Kylo gave a satisfactory answer, his master touched him gently. Once he caressed his shoulders, another time patting his lower back, just a little something to show his satisfaction. Kylo picked up on it by the third caress. His master wasn’t exactly subtle. “Why did you not shave today?” his master asked when he reached Kylo’s front again. He didn’t say it like he’d caught Kylo misbehaving, but as a firm question just like the others. “I got interrupted by a friend stopping by,” Kylo told him, unable to come up with anything else to say. “And how many fingers did you take?” his master asked. Kylo didn’t want to answer. There had been no caress after the last answer, and he knew there wouldn’t be one after this one either. His master’s game was easy to pick up on, but that meant he knew when he was losing. “I took one,” he said. If it had been anyone else, he would’ve gotten defensive and tried to deflect. Something told him that that wouldn’t get him anywhere with the General, unless perhaps it would get him in more trouble. “How far?” There was no emotion in his words. “Second knuckle, Sir.” “Why didn’t you take a second finger as I ordered?” “I was interrupted, Sir,” Kylo answered, holding back that he’d had a finger up his ass when he was interrupted, but it was on the tip of his tongue. “Why did you not text me that something had prevented you from completing my orders?” the General asked, and that was the question that got him. He realized that he’d had an out the whole time, and he’d worked himself into this corner. “I didn’t think to, Sir,” he admitted, head low like a misbehaving animal. “Then we will have to condition you, so that you remember,” his master said. His tone brooked no arguments. He turned away from Kylo and walked to the corner to collect a folding chair. He brought it back to the center of the room and took a seat. “On your hands and knees over my legs,” he said. Kylo took a steadying breath and complied. His chest rested comfortably on his master’s thighs, but he knew that what was to follow would be anything but comfortable. “There are three types of reprimand that I use,” his master told him as he pulled Kylo’s underwear down just enough to reveal his ass. “The first is a verbal reprimand. If you do not follow a direction or fail to answer a direct question, I will issue a verbal warning. I expect that to be enough to correct a behavior, but if it is not the second is a physical reprimand. If you do not follow a second direction or show disregard for my rules, you will receive a physical reprimand…” Kylo wasn’t prepared for the sting of his master’s glove against his ass. He grunted at the impact and tensed, but he didn’t protest. “...Depending on the severity of the offense or the frequency, I will determine the type and duration of the reprimand. The third type of reprimand is time out. If you do not follow rule in group play, put yourself or others in danger, or refuse to take other forms of direction, I will remove you from the scene and keep you secluded until I determine you are ready to continue. If I decide you are not prepared to continue, I will end the scene. However, I hope that I will never have to use that form of reprimand,” his master told him. “Do you understand?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed. He didn’t say it, but he knew he’d receive many reprimands from his master. He’d been receiving reprimands from his superiors since he entered the academy and from his teachers and professors before that. He had trouble with boundaries. “Do you know why you are receiving the second reprimand today?” “Yes, sir. I didn’t follow your directions,” Kylo said. “Let this serve as a reminder that my directions are not optional,” his master said before raising his hand and hitting Kylo hard on the meat of his ass. Heat ignited in his ass. One moment it was barely distinguishable from the rest of his body and the next he was aware of nothing else. His master didn’t stop after the first either. He hit Kylo three times in quick succession, and by the third slap of glove on skin, Kylo was sucking in shuddering breaths. He hadn’t been spanked in nearly thirty years. He couldn’t really remember being taken over his parents knee, and even if he could’ve he doubted a vague memory would’ve prepared him for this. It stung, but that wasn’t the worst of it. Kylo felt the rest of his body heat from the shame of being taken over his master’s knee and spanked like an unruly brat. His master gave him several seconds before hitting him again. Kylo took a gulping breath and released it in a shaky huff as he was hit again. He sighed when his master stopped. Kylo heard a bottle being opened above him, and the felt something poured over his abused cheeks. It felt cool and wonderful, and he sighed as his master soothed it in. That hadn’t been so bad. He wasn’t likely to forget to text again, but the pain was easily manageable. Then his master hit him again, and stars erupted behind Kylo’s eyes. The wetness of the lotion made the sting of the leather much worse. Kylo was consumed by the near constant fire of his master’s rapid slaps. Kylo wanted to kick his feet or hold onto something, but he knew that moving would only get him further punishment. Instead, he was forced to focus on every slap of his master’s strong hand. His whole body began to tingle with sudden awareness. He could feel his nipples bud and his gut tighten. It was the strangest arousal he’d ever felt, but with every hit he became more undeniably turned on by the shocking pain. Each slap was like the beat of a drum, keeping him rooted to the present. The rest of his body felt like the cacophony of an orchestra, but it was kept together by that steady beat. When his master finally stopped, Kylo felt like his strings had been cut. Without his permission, his body rested heavily over his master’s thighs and sought his support. He couldn’t hold himself up on his own, and yet he felt his entire body singing as the tingle and sting didn’t recede. Kylo had been beaten up, taken down men larger than him, been put through true tests of mental and physical endurance, but he’d never experienced this before. The bottle opened again, and this time Kylo felt a bare hand smooth the liquid in. “You take punishment well,” his master said, gently spreading lotion. The coolness of the lotion felt wonderful, and his master’s hand was as soft as it had looked the previous night. However, the sting had not receded and even the gentle touch was still painful. “What did you learn?” he asked. Kylo had to unclench his teeth to answer, and his voice was rough as he cleared his throat. “I learned what will happen if I don’t follow directions.” Even his voice sounded like it had taken a beating. “Consequences are a reminder to follow protocol next time. You aren’t being punished because you did something wrong. You’re being punished so that next time you will remember to do the right thing. Punishment is only as good as its corrective value,” his master explained. Kylo had never looked at punishment that way, but when his master said it it made sense. He supposed his superiors weren’t very good disciplinarians because he constantly fucked up after reprimand. “Because you did so well, I will allow you to show me that you are able to follow my directions. When you are ready, go to the tantra chair,” the General told him, running his bare hand over Kylo’s back now. Kylo didn’t move immediately, but he refused to let himself stay too long. His master’s hand felt nice on his spine, but he wouldn’t be seen as weak. After only a minute, he tried to move but his master’s hand pressed against the small of his back. “Don’t rush. I want you ready when you get up. If I give you time, it’s because I expect you to be prepared to do what I ask when we move on. It’s not a test.” Kylo squeezed his eyes closed. He didn’t know how to act when his master was always ahead of him. He was used to being the one to have to double back, but now he was the one trying to catch up. He felt his master’s fingers in his hair, and the breath rushed out of him as he sagged against his master’s legs again. He moaned softly as his master’s blunt nails scratched at his scalp. It was the perfect distraction from his still stinging ass, and Kylo laid their bonelessly accepting a reward he wasn’t certain he deserved. When he felt like he could stand, he rose to his feet and waddled over of the tantra chair. It was long and had two humps of different sizes, and it was made of a very soft looking material. His master followed closely, resting his re-gloved hand on the small of Kylo’s back. His master sat himself in the valley of the chair with his back resting against the larger hump. He spread his legs and planted his boots on the ground on either side of the chair. “Lie with your chest on the smaller hump, and show yourself to me,” his master told him. Kylo stepped forward, and his master helped him get into a position where he was facing the ground and his legs draped over his master’s, so his ass was right in front of him. “You will show me that you understand what I meant when I said two fingers to the second knuckle. Reach your hands back,” the General ordered. Kylo reached back and rested his hands on the small of his own back. He heard the cap of a bottle and felt lubricant pour onto his fingers. The bottle clicked closed again, and Kylo gasped as his master’s hands took both his cheeks and spread them wide. “One at a time first,” was the only other order, and then it was up to him. Kylo bit his lip and moved the lube around to coat his finger before lowering it to his hole. He could feel his master’s eyes on him as he probed at it clumsily, attempting to get used to the position. Kylo conjured the image of his master’s lips around his cock as he pressed his finger inside, but it was the thought of his master’s steady hand that fueled his hunger. He moaned as he rocked the finger back and forth, wanting to show his master what he’d learned. He wiggled the digit then, and his breath hitched as he felt the knot in his belly tighten as the pain mixed with pleasure. His master began to mutter behind him, cataloging just as Kylo imagined he would. That only fueled his exploration. Kylo pressed in further, moving his finger around and arching his back at the pressure he felt inside himself. Kylo dragged his finger against his walls as he pulled his finger out, gasping as he teased his own rim. He went to add a second finger, but his master stopped him, wordlessly pouring more lube over his fingers. When Kylo circled his hole with both fingers, he thought about the way his master had taken him all the way down, and he pushed in. Having not done this earlier, he wasn’t prepared for how full he felt. His cock rubbed against the chair as he pressed his fingers a little further, and the pressure was distracting. His master released his cheeks and rubbed his thighs instead. Kylo felt it as encouragement as he moved his fingers a little. Everything was overwhelming. He felt stretched and full, and he felt pleasure with each twitch and wiggle. Kylo pushed his fingers further, and moaned when he felt them slide in to the second knuckle. He just laid there panting, fully aroused, and appreciating his success. Then his master reached between his legs and stroked his cock. Kylo came with a cry, not realizing how far along he was. His muscles tightened around his fingers, and he saw stars as he arched his back in pleasure. Kylo sagged against the chair and tried to catch his breath as his master helped him loosen up his arms. Kylo moaned as his master began to massage his lower back with strong fingers, digging into the knots that had developed over the course of the evening. “You did well. I am satisfied that you will be able to follow my directions in the future,” his master said, working his way up Kylo’s back. His master’s hands felt just as wonderful as his orgasm, revealing tension he hadn’t realized he’d built up. When his master was finished, Kylo felt like a limp noodle. He reminded himself that he needed to stay alert in case any leads presented themselves, but when Tige knelt in front of him and fed him small bites of food he forgot all about his job. All he could focus on was how good he felt even though he’d been spanked within an inch of begging for mercy. “You did very well tonight,” his master told him as he held up a cup for Kylo to drink from. “Thanks,” Kylo said as he dribbled onto his chin a bit. Tige laughed softly, and Kylo was suddenly alert. His laugh was light and breathy, and Kylo wanted to hear more of it. “We’re done for now, right?” Kylo asked, knowing that some of the slaves opted to always be in play but knowing he couldn’t handle that and his job...or probably even just that. “Yes. You have a question you want to ask me,” Tige said, sounding amused by Kylo’s approach. “Yes...I guess. Why are you so wooden when we do this?” Kylo asked, immediately realizing how rude it sounded. Well, he’d probably be punished for this too. Kylo could feel his master withdraw both physically and emotionally. “I provide what you need. Emotions get in the way of that. They distract you from what I need you to do, and…” Tige paused, regrouping. He lifted another piece of cheese to Kylo’s lips before continuing. “If I’m caught up in everything, then I’m not focused on what needs my attention, and in the end it hurts you.” “I’m probably in greater danger of fucking up than you are,” Kylo told him. “I couldn’t even shove two fingers in my ass today before I got here.” “You’re learning. I would be a poor master if I didn’t account for training.” “Can I ask you something personal?” Kylo asked, seeing an opening for information but also feeling genuinely curious about the man that had such control over him where none before him had succeeded. “You can asked, but I am under no obligation to answer,” Tige said. There was a small upturn to his lips, denoting what passed for a smile on him. “Fair enough. How long have you been doing this?” Kylo asked, putting his finger beneath his mask to scratch at his cheek. “Since I left home at nineteen,” Tige answered, and Kylo suddenly felt very protective of the man in front of him. At nineteen, Ben had been living in his father’s basement going to school and making a general nuisance of himself. He hadn’t really seen eye-to-eye with his parents then, but they had fed him and put a roof over his head, and other than porn fantasies, Ben had never thought once about prostitution. He certainly had never considered it as a means of income. He was going to be a cop or hopefully an agent like his parents had been. “Shit.” “It isn’t like that.” “Sorry, I’m just well...you probably know more about your clientele than I do, but we probably seem a bit spoiled to you,” Kylo said, looking into Tige’s eyes. The man smirked at him, one side of his mouth making a break for parts to the north, and it was beautiful. Kylo felt ashamed of how pretty he found Tige’s lips when he was allowed to look at them. Actual attraction to his master had not been covered in his operation briefing. “I don’t judge my clients. They come here to be free to be themselves. I think that is something everyone can relate to, even a career prostitute,” he said, but Kylo could hear the lightness in his voice. Tige was teasing him in his own sort of stuffy way. “So, if you’ve been doing this since nineteen, how old are you now?” Kylo asked, pushing the boundary but unable to help himself. “A gentleman never asks,” Tige told him. “I’m pretty sure a gentleman doesn’t get spanked then shoves his fingers in his ass in front of a stranger either,” Kylo retorted. He could see the eyeroll through the mask, and it was a reward just like the smirk, a small glimpse at the man’s buried personality. “I am thirty-four, Kylo.” “You could retire with a pension in five years,” Kylo said almost immediately. That earned him a real laughed, full and vibrant. Kylo forgot the purpose of his questions as he watched those lips twist up into a toothy smile. “Maybe I’ll tell that to my boss. I’m sure he’d love that,” Tige said, reaching up to run his hand through his hair though his fingers caught on the straps of the mask. Kylo filed away the information he’d learned, but didn’t press for more. Tige was surprisngly easy to talk to, and he figured that it was better to keep it that way than force it and risk him shutting down. Before Kylo left, Tige put aloe on his still stinging ass and told him to sit on a pillow at work the next day. However, when they went back to the front office and Kylo dressed himself again, Tige stepped close. “Let this be a reminder,” he said, brushing his hand over Kylo’s hip without actually touching his aching ass. “Yes, sir,” Kylo said before taking off his collar and placing it in its box. His master nodded and left before he removed his mask. Kylo couldn’t help but wonder what Tige looked like beneath his own mask. Notes: Chapter warnings: Spanking, tasteless jokes. Things are still pretty tame. Chapter 3 : Dirty Talk/Public Notes: This chapter hits the prompts Dirty Talk as well as Public. Tomorrow will his Public and Bukkake, so Public isn't going to get it's own day unless I throw it in later on. Also, they are still getting started with this. I promise Hux isn't going to be explaining things to Kylo forever. This is yesterday's fic, but it took so long to write because I decided to start over around 3pm and use what I had written for a different day. So, by the time I was done, I was too tired to figure out what I needed to warn for. I am now refreshed and hopefully noted everything warning worthy. You may get a second chapter this evening if I don't pull the same thing as yesterday. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There were no text directions for him the next day. Poe didn’t stop by, and Ben found himself with plenty of time to do research on his hands. He looked up more on master/slave relationships as well as Dom/sub relationships, trying to get a better handle on what he was doing. Reading it was not the same as being thrown into it with a man who clearly had plenty of experience. Still, Ben was happy with the man he was paired with. Even if his style was a little stiff at times, his incredible control put Ben at ease. It calmed him, and it made it easier to handle their “play” which also made it easier to do his job. By the time Ben left for the warehouse, he’d read quite a few articles including a couple from scientific journals. Processing all of the information wasn’t easy, and he wondered if it would just be easier to have his master explain it. The man was like an encyclopedia of sexual knowledge, so it wouldn’t exactly be cheating. When he entered the warehouse, he followed the same protocol as always. He stripped down then put on his collar and mask before he was led to their playroom. Kylo was led to the bed as soon as he entered the playroom. His master removed Kylo’s underwear completely without speaking a word. He folded them and placed them on a shelf beside the bed. Then he guided Kylo to lie on his stomach. Kylo followed the directions, lifting his hips when his master brought a thick pillow to place beneath them. Kylo lifted them further when a second was added. It was awkward to have his ass in the air as he was prone. His master went into the ensuite and came back with a small tray of supplies. He spread Kylo’s legs and knelt between them. “How does your buttocks feel?” his master asked, placing his gloved hand on Kylo’s thighs so as not to directly touch Kylo’s still tender ass. “It feels like I’m not going to forget your directions again, Sir,” Kylo said. “Good. Hold still,” his master said, removing his hands from Kylo’s body. After only a moment, they returned spreading something cool and thick over Kylo’s ass. “This should relieve some of the sensitivity.” When Kylo’s ass was liberally covered in the cream, his master got up again. “I need you to stay like that until it absorbs. I don’t want to have to clean that off the furniture,” the General said, wiping his gloves on a hand towel. Kylo bit the inside of his cheek. He was stuck here with his ass in the air for the foreseeable future. “I’ve been going through your file,” his master said, bringing the same folding chair from the night before over to the bed. He sat in it so that he was beside Kylo’s head in full view. They studied each other as silence hung between them. His master hadn’t asked him a question, and he seemed content to just let that statement settle for a moment. Kylo felt dread that he’d been found out. The hair on his body stood on end as he became twice as alert. “I do not make a habit of watching much pornography, but it isn’t difficult to discern the plot of a poorly made adult film from a true personal fantasy,” his master said, and his observation sent a chill down Kylo’s spine. “I’ve told you already that this arrangement requires trust, and part of trust is being honest. I can’t provide a fulfilling experience if you lie to me about what fulfills you. The contract is long because it has to be, but if you don’t take it seriously it is worthless. And if you care for your own pleasure so little as to neglect it even in the paperwork, this is not going to work. So, I will ask this once, and I will expect an honest answer because I trust you, and I do not want to be proven wrong for that. Why did you write down the plot of three pornos instead of your actual fantasties?” his master asked, folding his hands in his lap like a principal waiting to hear a misbehaving kid’s side of the story. Kylo felt like a cornered animal. “I didn’t know what to put,” he said, knowing that reverting to the truth was the best policy when confronted by an unexpected situation while undercover. Lies should only be used when they were necessary to the mission, otherwise they piled too high to keep track of which led to inconsistencies...which led to being found out. “You didn’t know what to put,” his master sounded thoughtful, though he frowned deeply. He was silent again, and they just looked at each other. Kylo focused on the smooth mask covering his master’s face. It wasn’t the generic sort of thing one would get at the costume shop. It had a black satin finish stretched over a hard, structured base. It made Kylo think of the Phantom of the Opera, but when the light caught it right, Kylo could see designs stitched into the satin with red thread that was almost as dark as the mask itself. It looked demonic when illuminated, but there was also a beauty to the workmanship. It suited his master. “Do you not have fantasies of your own, or were you too embarrassed to share them?” his master asked eventually. Kylo took a slow breath, trying to decide how honest he should be. His master seemed to know exactly what he was thinking. “Do not make me issue a verbal reprimand. You are on thin ice right now.” “I haven’t given much thought to fantasies in a long time. I’m always busy, and I rarely even masturbate. When I do, it’s quick in the shower...but I wake up more often to come in my briefs from dreams I don’t remember than I do from my own fantasies,” Kylo told him, and it sounded pathetic out loud. He was twenty-nine, in the prime of his life, and he didn’t even know what he enjoyed anymore. It would’ve been one thing if he didn’t enjoy sex or want it, but his celibacy was a symptom of job’s demands or his own demands on himself. “Then we will have to discover what you like. I want you to close your eyes and get comfortable on the bed,” his master ordered. “What about my ass?” Kylo asked, not wanting to make a mess when his master had already given him an order about that. “I will do the sheets if necessary. This is more important. I want you comfortable,” he said, remaining in his seat. Kylo rolled off the mound of pillows and onto his back. He pulled one pillow up and put it behind his head and tipped his face toward his master, keeping his eyes closed. “Are you comfortable?” his master asked. “Yes, sir,” Kylo replied, bringing his knees up and planting his feet on the covers. “Can I get you anything or do anything that will make you more comfortable?” he asked. “I don’t know.” “You will tell me if there is anything that will increase your comfort as we go.” It wasn’t a question, and his master didn’t wait for a reply. “I want you to listen to me, and imagine the things I tell you. If you don’t like what I’m saying, tell me no. If you like it I will continue until you tell me to stop. Do you understand?” “Yes, sir.” “Are you ready to begin?” his master asked, sounding very much the staunch professional Kylo knew him to be. Kylo wanted to see a crack in that facade, but he knew demands were not his to make. “Yes, sir.” “You are on a beach—” “No.” Kylo could har a soft huff from his master, but he didn’t complained. “You are a maintenance worker, and you’re just about to get off work, but you get called to one last emergency repair before you can leave. You drive to the house, and it’s beautiful. You walk up to the door and knock, and a beautiful woman answers the door in nothing but—” “No.” This time his refusal was met by a thoughtful hum. They went through a few more scenarios, and Kylo stopped him at different spots when he knew he wasn’t going to get aroused by it. “You get out of work late one night after a hard day. Your shoulders are tense, and you’re exhausted, but you need a drink. You walk into a dive bar in the bad part of town, just needing something to take the edge off…” Kylo pictured himself in his usual work suit, tie loosened and hair disheveled as he stepped into a filthy bar. He’d done this a number of times when he needed a drink but didn’t want to be recognized. He went with it, imagining walking up to the bar and taking a seat. “...You sit there sipping your drink until you lay eyes on me sitting across the bar from you. We make eye contact, and you know you want me. You can’t take your eyes off me as you try to finish your drink. You should be getting home. You need to be back in the office in just a few hours. Before you can talk yourself into leaving your drink on the table, I get up and take the seat next to yours…” Kylo imagined watching his master walk around the bar in his gleaming boots and perfectly pressed suit. He still wore that mask, and it stood out among the sea of blank faces. It was like the Devil himself was coming for Kylo, and Kylo felt his pulse race at the thought of it. “...I lean in close as soon as I’m beside you,” his master said, and his voice was so much closer now, just beside Kylo’s ear. A shiver ran down Kylo’s spine. “You don’t look like you belong here. A man like you could get into a lot of trouble in a place like this,” his master whispered, then he took Kylo’s earlobe between his teeth and nibbled it lightly. Kylo couldn’t fight the moan that slipped past his lips. “Now’s your chance to run. If not, I’m going to tie you to this bar and fuck you in front of everyone here,” his master said, running his gloved fingers down Kylo’s chest. Kylo was at his mercy, wanting to know more. He imagined the hungry looks of men and women around them, knowing what was about to happen and wanting it as much as Kylo did. “Not afraid? No, you seem like the kind that can’t back down. Just as well.” His master ran his fingers through Kylo’s thick hair, gripping it and tugging Kylo’s head back. “A man grabs you from behind, and I strip you completely, baring you to the whole bar. Several men lift you onto the smooth bar top, and the bartender ties you down with thick rope while I watch you let yourself be manhandled.” “Your cock’s so thick with need that everyone knows how much you want me to fuck you…” Kylo’s cock was thick, and he could feel the first drops of precome beading at the head. His master’s voice in his ear was turning him on as much as the fantasy he was weaving, and Kylo wanted his hands on him too. “...When you’re secured, the bartender pours a shot into your navel and places a wedge of lemon between your teeth, and a trail over sugar up your chest. I straddle you thighs, sucking the drop of fluid off your cock before pressing my tongue to your navel lapping at the vodka that spills over your belly each time your stomach flutters with arousal. You can barely hold yourself still. You can feel the eyes of the other patrons watching us hungrily. They don’t know who they’re more jealous of. They want to be strapped down and devoured, but they also want to be on top of you…” Kylo moaned, lifting his hips up against air. He wanted his master to straddle him, but he was still at Kylo’s side, feeding him a fantasy that Kylo wanted to live. His didn’t know how his master could tap into his desires, but he found Kylo’s wants as surely as a compass finding north. “...I lick and suck until there isn’t a drop of liquor left, but I don’t move on right away. I take my time and press my tongue into your navel then worry the skin around it with my teeth. I look up at you through my lashes, and you know that you’re at my mercy. “The bartender pours more liquor down your chest as I work my way up the trail of sugar and vodka that mix on your skin. I stop at you nipples, and you watch me as I take one in my mouth and suckle it. You try to arch into it, but you can’t move…” Kylo did arch up though, and his master didn’t stop him. Instead, he took one of Kylo’s nipples between his fingers and pinched it, rolling it between his thumb and forefinger. Kylo cried out, wanting so much more. “...I let it go before taking the other in my mouth. I nibble this one, worrying it with my teeth and squeezing it until it borders on pain. You’re gasping when I let it go and move to the lemon between your lips. I take it in my mouth and suck on it before spitting it to the side. I lean in close again, licking up your neck and tonguing at the lobe of your ear…” Kylo whimpered because his master did this, teasing his ear and licking along the shell of it. Kylo stretched one of his legs out and flexed it, wanting to touch his master more than anything, except perhaps for how much he wanted his master to touch him. “...You’re such a desperate slut, aren’t you? Can’t wait to have my cock in you, can you?” his master whispered in his each at the same time he pressed two gloved fingers to Kylo’s lips. Kylo moaned as he parted them, allowing his master to push his fingers in. “Suck on them you needy beast. Show me how well you’ll take care of my cock,” his master ordered, pressing his fingers in and out of Kylo’s mouth. Kylo pressed his tongue to them. He sucked hungrily, desperate to take whatever his master would give him. “Look at you. So hungry. Everyone can see it. Maybe I’ll let someone fuck your face will I claim your ass,” his master said, pulling his fingers free with a slick pop. Kylo moaned loudly unsure if it was in response to his master’ words or his fingers or if he was just as desperate as his master said. “Would you like that, my slave? Would you like being filled by two cocks?” Kylo whimpered. “Maybe I’d let them straddle your chest and feed you their thick cock. I’ll watch it stretch your pretty lips as it sinks into you so deeply that you won’t be able to take a breath unless they let you…” Kylo arched again, struggling against nothing but his own will power. He was painfully hard, and he knew it was exactly what his master intended. “Would you like that, Kylo? Filled to burst from both ends?” his master asked again. Kylo searched for his voice, but all he could seem to do was writhe and moan. His master gripped his hair tightly, and pressed his lips right beside Kylo’s ear. “I expect an answer when I ask a question,” he reminded him sharply, and Kylo knew it was his verbal reprimand. “Yes, Master,” Kylo said, voice raw with emotion. His whole body felt hot, and he felt sweat begin to dampen his skin. He gripped the sheets to hold himself steady. “I look around the crowd that watches us, and I point to a man at the back. He’s big like you. Strong hands and a thick beard…” Kylo moaned, imagining a huge man pushing his way through the throngs of people. His dark eyes flashing with desire. “...He takes my place on your chest, and he wastes no time removing his cock from his pants. It’s thick and uncut, and he stokes it right over your face as his weight holds you in place. A drop of fluid dribbles onto your chin then over your lips before he takes hold of your jaw and holds your mouth firmly.” His master gripped his jaw and applied pressure just right to hold it open. “I watch as he pushes into you, and he’s so thick you can barely take it. He pushes in until your nose is buried in the thick hair around his cock. He smells of sweat and musk, and he fucks your mouth slowly, taking exactly what he wants from you. “You look so good with your lips stretched around a cock…” Kylo whimpered, breathing heavily at the thought of being held down and fed a cock until he couldn’t breathe. “It isn’t enough though, is it? You want me to fill you up. You want me to spread you wide and lick inside you just like I did your belly…” The thought of his master’s tongue inside him sent a jolt of pleasure straight to his cock and he felt it dribble out of him. “Look at you. Just the thought of my lips on you, and you’re making a mess of yourself,” his master said, wiping at the precome with his finger. The touch left Kylo shaking, wanting more but knowing it would be too much in the state he was in. When his master’s fingers pressed into his mouth again with his own precome on them, Kylo felt tears at he corners of his eyes. He was overwhelmed, but he needed more. “My filthy slave. You’re so good,” his master said, lips right beside his ear again. “As he fucks your face, I kneel between your spread legs…” Kylo felt him move onto the bed finally, kneeling between his thighs. He imagined himself up on that bar, held down with eyes on him. He imagined his master spreading his legs wide and taking a long look at him. He squirmed a little, and then he really did feel his master’s hands holding his legs wide. Kylo made a noise that he wasn’t sure was humanly possible as two gloved fingers swiped along the cleft of his ass. “I have the bartender hold one of your legs and someone else take the other. Then I lean down and press me lips to you…” Kylo nearly hyperventilated as he felt his master’s lips against his hole through some sort of barrier. He didn’t care at all at this point. His body was shaking, and he felt like he might come apart at any second. His master circled his tongue around Kylo’s hole, before pressing against the thin barrier and Kylo’s own muscles. Kylo couldn’t stop the tears falling freely from his eyes at that point. He wasn’t in control of his body at all, but his master seemed to have complete control so he gave it up to him, trusting him. “So hungry. You can’t get enough of my mouth on you. Everyone can see how much you need it. Tell them. Tell them how much you want my tongue in you. Tell them how much you need me to fill you.” Kylo shook violently, throwing his head back. “I need your tongue, s-sir…” “Don’t tell me, tell them. They’re all here to see you come all over yourself. Tell them you need it, so you can show them what they want to see,” his master told him. Kylo turned his head, imagining the sea of people, all vying for a view of his body on display. “I-I need my master’s tongue. I need it in me…” If he could have flushed anymore, he would have at how desperate he sounded to his own ears. “So good,” his master said just before pressing his tongue firmly against Kylo’s ass. He licked and pressed relentlessly as Kylo writhed uncontrollably. Kylo’s mind filled in the hungry looks of people around him, the man still on his chest now jerking himself over Kylo’s face. When his master’s tongue finally worked its way into him, Kylo released a terrible shout as he arched up off the bed. He was so damn close, but he couldn’t quite get there. Then he felt his hips lifted off the bed as his master looped his arms around his thighs. His ass hung suspended in the air as his master pressed his tongue into him as far as it could go. Kylo gasped, choking on his own breaths as he felt his entire body tighten. His master’s tongue didn’t stop though, and Kylo felt like he was in the middle of a tornado as he shook and came all over himself as his ass was held aloft with his legs draped over his master’s shoulders. He felt a drop of his own come hit him in the chin as his cock bobbed about, and he imagined the man over him coming all over his face before smearing it in as he took Kylo by the hair and forced him to lick his cock clean. Kylo’s body went limp as his master continued to eat him out, not slowing down in the least. Aftershocks rocked through Kylo’s body, and his cock twitched and dribbled as his master pressed on. The tears flowed freely as Kylo’s body didn’t know how to process everything going on, and he felt completely dizzy. And just as he was sure he might pass out from overstimulation, his master dropped him back onto the mattress. Kylo wasn’t down more than a second or two before he felt his master move around the bed, and then Kylo was being manhandled into his master’s arms. It was awkward because he was bigger than his master, perhaps not by much in height, but he wasn’t a lapdog when it came to cuddling. He didn’t realize he was shaking still until his master wrapped his arms around him. “I have you. It’s just us. Open your eyes,” his master told him, running his fingers through Kylo’s hair. “Good,” his master praised him as Kylo blinked at him. “It’s just us here. Do you understand?” “Yes,” Kylo told him, looking around the room. He could still feel eyes on him, but he knew it was his imagination still wrapped up in his master’s fantasy. “I’m going to clean your body for you, but if anything hurts or doesn’t feel good, I want to know. Can you tell me if something doesn’t feel right?” his master asked, pulling the tray that was precariously close to falling over the edge of the bed back to them. “Yes, sir.” “Good. While I clean you up, we’re going to discuss your desires, but first I want you to be comfortable. Is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable?” “This is okay,” Kylo told him, keeping his head pressed to his master’s shoulder. “If you need anything or I can do anything to make you more comfortable, I want to know. Now, did you enjoy that fantasy?” his master asked, picking up a sort of wipe off the tray and using it to clean Kylo’s belly and chest. He kept one arm wrapped around Kylo’s shoulders while the other cleaned him. “Yes, sir.” “What did you enjoy most?” his master asked, using the same wipe to gently clean his cock and the area around it. Kylo shook involuntarily at the touch, and his master immediately stopped. He put the wipe down and stroked Kylo’s hair for a moment before prompting Kylo to answer. “I liked all of it, Sir.” “Was there anything in particular that you really enjoyed?” Kylo jumped slightly when his master parted his legs to reach between them and pulled the dental dam from where it was stuck between Kylo’s cheeks. Kylo twitched, completely overstimulated. His master didn’t pull back until he’d cleaned him there as well. Kylo moaned as the soft cloth brushed over his still sensitive hole. “Your mouth, sir,” Kylo said, still too dazed to feel shame for being needy. “My mouth, where?” “In my ass, sir,” Kylo sighed, his mask was digging into his nose as he pressed his face into his master’s neck, but he wanted to be as close to him as he could. He hadn’t felt this sexually fulfilled in ages, and he felt like he wanted to crawl inside his master’s arms and stay there. “Was there anything you didn’t like?” “No. I wanted all of it.” “Was there anything else you wanted?” his master asked, cleaning up the drop of come that had gotten onto his chin and more that had hit the mask. Kylo sighed. “I wanted your hands on me...all over.” “Thank you for telling me. Now, Kylo, I need you to focus. I’m going to ask you this now, and I’m going to ask you again later when you are feeling more like yourself. Do you understand?” “Not really,” Kylo admitted. “You are feeling the effects of our fantasy right now. We brought you very high, and there is a long way to fall before you get your feet back under you. I am going to ask you right now while you’re feeling the effects of our play because you’re being very open and honest with me right now, and I want an honest answer. I’m going to ask you again later because I want an informed answer before we move forward. So, no matter how you answer me now doesn’t have any bearing on tomorrow or the future other than helping me understand you better. Does that make sense?” “Sure.” “I will explain it to you again when you are feeling more up to it. For now, would you like to bring parts of that fantasy into our play? There is a difference between fantasy and things we actually want to do. So, do you think you would want to actually do anything in that fantasy?” His fingers soothed Kylo, rubbing his shoulder and running through his hair. Kylo tried to think about it objectively. However, just thinking about the fantasy left him wanting more even if he knew he couldn’t get it up for more. “I think so. I want you to tie me up and do what you want to me,” Kylo told him, not know where the image of himself tied with his arms above his head and his master standing beside him came from, but he wanted it to be real. “Okay. Like I said, we will discuss this again. Would you be open to playing with others if I am with you?” “Yes.” “Okay. Thank you for your honesty,” his master told him. “You can call me Tige now, but I still expect you to follow my directions because you are very shaky still, and I don’t want you hurting yourself. Is that alright, Kylo?” Tige asked him, forcing him to look into his eyes. “Uh, yeah. Why do I feel like I might spontaneously combust any minute now?” Kylo asked, trying not to lose himself in Tige’s eyes or another fantasy. “Subspace. It’s like a high you get from a scene. It doesn’t necessarily end just because you come or the scene ends. I was not anticipating this exercise to affect you so…” “Is it a bad thing—” “No, I want our scenes to affect you. I want you to reach a good place. If you leave having felt nothing, then I failed. I told you that I take care of what is mine, and I want to ensure I take good care of you. However, I want to monitor you during our aftercare. I may have to call you a cab tonight.” Kylo became alert at that. “Why? I’m fine to drive. I’ve been driving for—” “I’m not questioning your ability to drive, Kylo. Consider it as though you had six drinks. It would be irresponsible of me to let you drive home after that. I don’t want anything to happen to you, and while odds are that you would be fine, I refuse to risk that. Now, I want you to eat and have plenty of water.” His master got up from the bed and went to a small refrigerator unit hiding in the corner. He removed two bottles of water and a small sandwich platter. Tige opened the bottles for them and held Kylo’s steady as he brought it to his lips and drank. “Tige?” Kylo asked as Tige tidied up around them. “Yes, Kylo?” “If I said I fantasized about fucking you, what would you say?” “Have you?” Tige retorted, bending to pick up one of the pillows from the floor. Kylo didn’t know when it fell off the bed, but he wasn’t surprised. He’d probably looked possessed, he was wiggling so much. “I haven’t fantasized about anything in ages. My spank bank currently consists of you blowing me, and now it’s got you eating my ass on a bar to accompany it. But if I was going to tug one off tomorrow when I sleep in instead of rushing to work, would it be okay to imagine fucking you?” Tige looked at him, and Kylo could see the smile fighting to crack his lips. “I will not police your fantasies, Kylo.” “Will you ask me about it if I do?” Kylo asked him, feeling more like himself now that the afterglow was fading. “I would like to know your fantasies, Kylo, yes. What if I ask you at the start of each session if you’ve fantasized during the day? I don’t want you to come unless I give you explicit permission, but I think it would be good for you to take some time and think about what you enjoy. You do not have to think about me, but I want to know what you do think about,” Tige told him. “Really? You want to hear about how I get myself off?” “Yes, Kylo. Is that not what we just spent over an hour doing?” Kylo knew he was being teased, but Tige’s idea of teasing was so mild compared to his method of being a Dom that it was actually kind of sweet. “Can I take a shower before I go home?” “Can’t wait to get your hands on yourself?” Tige asked, and Kylo could admit he had walked into that one. “Is communal showering against the rules?” Kylo retorted. “Yes, but we could use the tub for a soak.” Kylo frowned, not understanding the difference, but before he could ask Tige explained. “We can’t wear our masks in the shower together, and we will remain anonymous for now. However, we can fill the tub and sit in it with our masks on. Is that agreeable?” “Yeah, that sounds good,” Kylo said, and he allowed Tige to pull him up from the bed and guide him into the bathroom. Kylo openly laughed after Tige rifled through the cabinets as the tub ran, coming back with a bottle of bubble bath which he poured liberally into the water. “This is ridiculous. I haven’t had a bubble bath since I was like seven,” Kylo told him, eyeing the frothy bubbles growing rapidly in the rising water. “Well, your self maintenance is completely lacking, so that isn’t even remotely surprising. Get in, and if you complain, I will order you to wear a bubble beard,” Tige told him. “You wouldn’t.” “I am a firm supporter of humiliation, and if I’m not mistaken, you seem to be as well, so I would not tempt me. Now, get in,” Tige ordered, and Kylo obeyed. He sank into the blessedly hot water and flicked some bubbles at Tige once he was settled. The little cluster took flight, and the individual bubbles separated and floated up. It was the sort of thing that was hard not to smile at for its simple beauty. Tige knelt next to the tub, removing his gloves and dipping his fingers into the bubbles to flick them back at Kylo. “Will you join me?” Kylo asked when Tige didn’t strip down. “Not tonight.” “You don’t want to take your clothes off.” “I will, but not tonight. A step at a time.” “If I promise not to look?” “I do not believe in setting my slaves up to fail. It is a poor method of control.” “I promise I won’t look. Tonight was about trust, right? I want you to trust me,” Kylo wheedled. Tige sighed. “You are a very demanding slave,” he said, scooping up a handful of bubbles and rubbing them over Kylo’s chin. “Close your eyes, and if you look, more than your ass is going to be sore tomorrow.” Kylo closed his eyes immediately, and after only a moment he heard the sound of clothes being removed. It wasn’t long before he was being guided into a position to make space for Tige to join him. “You can open your eyes,” Tige said unexpectedly. Kylo did, and he found the he couldn’t see anything but a hint of pale shoulders because of how many bubbles there were. “I don’t think I’ve enjoyed myself this much since I was a child,” Kylo admitted as they soaked together. His childhood hadn’t been the most pleasant upbringing. Both his parents had had high expectations, but neither seemed to have the time to devote to helping him reach them. So, he’d raised himself a lot of the time, and he was fairly certain he’d not done a very good job. “You need to care for yourself as much as you care for your job and responsibilities.” “Is this why people do this stuff, be a slave for a while?” “Maybe for some,” Tige said. They didn’t talk much after that, but it was relaxing, and Kylo felt refreshed and much better after he got out. He closed his eyes again as Tige got out and put on a plush robe before offering one to Kylo as well. “Brace yourself on the vanity. I want to see how your buttocks is healing,” Tige told him. “Seriously, Tige, call it an ass. I’m not going to take it less seriously if you call it my ass,” Kylo told him, bracing his hands on the vanity and leaning forward. “I will call it whatever I please, and you will like it because I am in charge here,” Tige told him, lifting the back of Kylo’s robe and inspecting his ass. “I am going to apply a little more lotion, but you seem fine. It wasn’t a very harsh spanking, hardly any bruising. You should barely notice it by tomorrow.” “That wasn’t harsh?” Kylo asked, distinctly remembering it feeling like a thousand bees were stinging him in the ass at the same time. “I assure you that I will do much worse if your behavior calls for it. It was just your first, so you are tender. You will build a tolerance to it like anything else,” he explained, reaching around Kylo to pull a bottle from the cabinet. Kylo sighed as Tige massaged the cool lotion onto his ass. Kylo was becoming addicted to the indulgent way his master spread the lotion, cupping his cheeks gently and never causing him pain even though he was feeling tender. When he was finished, Tige lowered Kylo’s robe again and they went back to the playroom to finish the sandwiches before Kylo left. Tige ended up calling him a cab even though Kylo protested against it. However, when Ben sat in the back seat of the cab, he felt exhausted and was happy he didn’t have to drive. When he got to his apartment, he stripped and fell onto the bed. He was too tired to fill out his report. He was just texting Poe on his work phone that he was alive when his other phone started to ring. He answered it, and he was met by Tige’s voice. “I just wanted to make sure you made it home safely,” his master said, sounding tired himself. “Yeah, I’m already in bed...sir,” Kylo said, surprised by the call though not displeased. “Good. If you feel unwell in anyway, I want you to call me. Even if it’s trivial. If you have a headache, I want to know. I don’t care what time it is,” he ordered. “Am I going to get sick?” Kylo asked. It wasn’t like they’d done anything that physical. “It’s just a precaution, Kylo. Do you promise me?” “Yes, sir.” “Good. I look forward to hearing what fantasies you have to tell me tomorrow. Good night.” “Good night, sir,” Kylo said, smiling as he heard the line disconnect. He finished sending his message to Poe, and then he rolled onto his back and let his mind wander back to Tige and their evening. Notes: Chapter warnings: Bondage, Rimming, mild subdrop (physical aspects), exhibitionism, sexual fantasy, multiple partners, alcohol/body shots Chapter 4 : Public/Humiliation Notes: Okay, so I lied about doing Bukkake. I didn't think it fit into the story yet, so I went with humiliation for today. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben woke slowly, like rising out of a fog but not completely escaping the soft tendrils of sleep. He rolled onto his side and checked his phone for the time, but he was greeted by five text messages. —I hope you slept well. When you wake, I want you to set aside an hour and do what I tell you.— Ben really did look at the time then. He needed to be in the office by one for briefings and his psychologist appointment. It was only eleven, so he figured he’d have enough time to do what his master wanted if it was only supposed to take an hour. —You will take a shower. Shave. Make yourself feel refreshed and ready for your day.— —Once you have bathed, you will change the sheets on your bed and put aides within reach...lubricant, gloves, condoms, marital aides, lotion. Whatever you may need. Once that is assembled, get back into bed.— —I want you to think of a fantasy. Anything you like, and I want you to explore your body. Find what feels good, and try new things. You have permission to come as many times as you can within the hour but not after it is over.— —When you finish, you will take another shower to clean your body. Then when you are dressed for work, you will text me to let me know that you completed your orders. Do not forget my orders from last night still stand. I will always answer.— Ben adjusted himself in the slacks he hadn’t managed to take off the night before. He got up as he had been directed, and he stripped the bed before going in to take a shower. He braced himself against the wall of the shower as he let the water run through his hair. He kept the water cool, wanting to wake himself up a bit. Ben glanced down at himself and noticed his pubic hair was coming in again. Seeing it seemed to trigger something in his brain, and he scratched himself as he cursed himself for not grabbing a razor. He continued to rub his blunt nails over the area, knowing it was a terrible idea but being helpless to stop himself. He washed up quickly, and got out. He shaved quickly at the sink then looked down again. His master had told him he was responsible for maintaining it. He closed the toilet lid and propped his leg up on it before lathering up. Turning the water on in the sink, he pulled a new razor out of the cabinet and ran it under the water. He was careful as he dragged the razor over his skin. It wasn’t as pleasant as when his master did it, but it wasn’t like it was quantum physics… “Fuck!” Unless of course, he nicked himself because of the clumsy angle. Ben continued to curse as he continued to clean up the area. He staunchly refused to go anywhere near his testicles after the cut he’d given himself. He stepped back into the shower to rinse off, and he quickly realized that he’d ruined the neat triangle that his master had left behind. He’d lopped off one side of it, so it looked a bit weird, but he wasn’t going to attempt to fix it. He’d end up hairless if he kept going. Ben got out of the shower again and dried off. He grabbed clean sheets from the linen closet as he went. Thankfully, the apartment had been stocked with necessities before he moved in. At home, he had two sets of sheets, and he always forgot to wash them until he needed to switch again. He made his bed quickly. One of the few things his parents had instilled in him was how to make his bed neatly. It had served him well in the academy. He wasn’t sure that it had served any other purpose. Ben looked at the messages again, then went back to the bathroom to collect his lube. He pulled the box of magnum sized condoms out of his nightstand. It was almost full. He sighed at the sad state of his sex life. “The Federal Government is paying 50k to get you laid. That’s how bad it is,” Ben told himself, unable to stop his brain from relaying those words in Han’s voice. Ben shook his head. This wasn’t about his sex life. This, like everything else, was about his job. He had an important job to do, and he couldn’t lose sight of that. Ben put his supplies within reach, and he laid down on the bed. However, before he did anything else he got up and went to the front door to make sure that the deadbolt was in place. Lying down again, Ben tried to enjoy the nice feel of the clean sheets. He could feel how expensive they were. They hadn’t skimped on the details, Egyptian cotton sheets that he couldn’t afford on his real salary. He wished for a moment that he had more time to spend in the apartment just living like a king on the government’s dime. “Right, think of something sexy,” he reminded himself. Ben closed his eyes and slowed his breathing, using the same technique he’d use to meditate. He tried to remember the elaborate fantasies he’d think of when he was younger, but the thought of getting blown by his high school crush didn’t really do it for him now. He’d suppressed his own desires for so long that he didn’t even have anything to pull inspiration from anymore. Last night, the thought of masturbating to a raunchy fantasy had seemed like the best idea. In practice, it didn’t seem to serve any purpose. He should be going over his reports and looking into leads. Instead, he was lying here on sheets he couldn’t afford and tugging at his dick. Ben laid there for twenty minutes, breathing slowly and trying to build a story in his mind. He tried stroking himself lightly, but it didn’t build much interest. “Fuck it,” he said, getting frustrated with himself after nearly a half an hour. He rolled onto his side and opened the messages from his master. —I can’t do it.— he texted back. The response was almost immediate. —Has something come up?— —No. I just can’t think of anything— —I thought you wanted to imagine fucking me.— Ben groaned. He’d said that mostly to see what kind of reaction it would get. Tige didn’t take any bait though. Maybe Kylo managed to ruffle him, but he certainly didn’t show it. —I wanted to see what you’d say— —I said it would be okay. Think about fucking me. Think about how good it would feel to bury yourself in me as I tell you exactly what to do. I like it hard, Kylo, so don’t hold back. Now, stop talking and fuck me right— Ben blinked at the screen, reading the text several times. He reached down and squeezed his cock as he felt it being to fill with blood. “Asshole thinks he knows me,” he muttered, but he rolled onto his back again. He thought about taking his master in that massive tub in the playroom’s bathroom. He thought about the hint of pale shoulders he’d seen the night before. He couldn’t stop himself from imagining the bubbles as well, blowing up into the air as Kylo pressing himself to his master’s back. He imagined his master reaching back between them and guiding his cock in. “What are all those muscles for if you don’t use them?” he’d ask as Kylo sank into him. Kylo grabbed for the lube and tore the cap off it, pouring far too much directly onto his cock as he thought about how tight his master would feel around him. He gripped himself, and thrust up into his own hand. He used his other hand to tease his nipples as he imagine burying himself in his master. The water would slosh around them violently each time he pulled back and thrust in again. His master would have to grip the side of the tub to hold himself steady, but he wouldn’t meet Kylo’s thrusts. It was Kylo’s job to pleasure him after all. Ben groaned as he thought about gripping one of those pale shoulders and snapping his hips forward punishingly. His master would critique him the entire time: harder, don’t just jack hammer have some finesse, ever heard of a reach around you selfish beast? Ben gasped as he thought about touching his master’s cock. It would be so full from how well he was fucking him. It would slide easily through his grip, and his master would actually gasp and cry from how good his hand felt. He wouldn’t be able to hold his composure with how good Kylo was. “So good, Kylo. Don’t stop,” he’d tell him, reaching back to grip Kylo’s hip. Ben thrust up into his hand faster, reaching up to run his hand through his hair and tugging at it. He imagined his master reaching back and gripping his hair tightly, pulling him forward. He imagined leaving bite marks on his master’s shoulders, so stark against his skin tone. Ben came with a hoarse cry, balls tightening just before he felt the warmth of his release cover his still pumping fist. Ben arched his back, imagining coming deep inside his master. Ben panted, letting his legs spread out on the bed and letting his messy hand fall onto his belly. He couldn’t get the image of his master arching with his own release out of his head. “Shit,” Ben said aloud, still running his fingers through his hair but no longer tugging at it. He needed to be careful. It was too easy to get caught up in Tige’s fantasies and demands. The man was a professional, and Ben needed to start acting like one too. “This isn’t about getting your damn dick wet,” he reminded himself as he got off the bed, ignoring the wet spots from his release. He wasn’t going to change his sheets twice in one morning. He went to the bathroom and scrubbed his skin raw as he went over what he was going to tell his superiors when he went into the office. He wouldn’t think about Tige or his demands until he had to go to the warehouse. Ben cursed again when he realized his car was still at the warehouse, and he had no ride to the office. Pounding his fist against the wall, he berated himself for fucking up already. He called a cab before sending Tige a quick “it’s completed,” then he got dressed for his doctor’s appointment. He had to be careful what he said, or they might start asking questions about if he could handle it. --- “Thanks for being on time today,” Poe teased Ben as he walked into the office...five minutes late. It wasn’t his fault the cab his traffic. “Thanks for continuing to not be funny. I was getting worried you’d find a tolerable sense of humor in my absence,” Ben retorted. God, his father had said the same thing last Thanksgiving...which Poe would know because he had gotten there on time. Fuck him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” “Stop going fishing with my dad while I’m undercover. The rule still applies even if I’m not around to stop you,” Ben told him. “Dude, your daddy issues need their own textbook. How am I supposed to know that seeing your dad at the gym is off limits if there isn’t a chapter devoted to chance meetings?” Poe asked him. He didn’t seem bothered by Ben’s frustration at all. Ben supposed that was why they were still partners. Ben’s frustrations had scared off his first partner. Ben sighed. Of course, they’d run into each other working out in the community athletic center, because Poe had been approved for a swanky apartment in his parent’s building. Ben had not been approved by the board because he’d accidentally set his parent’s apartment on fire when he was sixteen. It hadn’t been as bad as they acted, but they had to approve all new tenants. Poe, on the other hand, had been welcomed with open arms, probably because Ben’s parents had put in a good word. It wasn’t Poe’s fault, but it was annoying especially on top of everything else. “I hope you put the old man to shame in the gym,” Ben said instead of complaining. He wanted to have a good relationship with his partner. “You’re old man could kick both of our asses, man.” Ben rolled his eyes, but he said nothing. Thankfully, their boss called them to the meeting at that point. They walked in together, taking seats side by side and facing the room of stern faces. “Welcome, gentlemen. We’ve gone over everything you’ve provided in your nightly check ins, Mr. Solo,” one of them men said. Ben hadn’t bothered to remember his name. These guys weren’t worried about his safety just the outcome of the operation, and he wasn’t about to waste space in his mind for their names. “Is there anything else you’ve been able to ascertain in your nightly meetings?” The man made it sound like Ben had been doing this for months instead of three nights. “With all due respect, sir. Benny’s only been at this three nights—” Poe went to bat for him, but was cut off. “We didn’t ask you, Agent Dameron. Mr. Solo?” Ben bit the inside of his cheek at the repeated neglect of his title. “Like my partner said, I’ve only been inside for three days. They may believe I’m just a Jon, but they certainly aren’t flaunty company secrets in front of me. The guy I’m with is still rolling out the rules. It seems like protocol, so I bet everyone is in the same boat. After that, he made it sound like we’d be interacting with others and moving to different parts of the facility. I think we both know that this isn’t going to be solved overnight,” Ben told them, keeping his anger in check. He’d done nothing wrong, and they couldn’t pin their anxiousness on his performance. “Our concern is that a very expensive operation is in the hands of a man with more disciplinary marks in his HR file than the rest of his department combine,” the man to the right of the first said. “Stop there, Bob. You agreed to send Ben in. You agreed that he was best suited for this operation, so don’t act like the kid jumped up and demanded to go on an op he didn’t even know existed. Ben’s just as good as any of your guys, and he’s doing the best he can,” Ben’s boss spoke up. Ben wondered what went on when he wasn’t in the office because he couldn’t help the feeling that this had been hashed out before. He felt his anger slipping through the cracks. “We’ve got a hell of a lot riding on this case. I’m not sure that your boy understands what’s riding on this. The rest of us don’t have our mommy and daddy to protect us from being fired…” “Well if your agent hadn’t gotten his ass thrown down three flights of stairs for being sloppy, you wouldn’t have to deal with me. But since your team failed to even get so much as a name in six months, you’re stuck with me. You talk a big game for men who do nothing but sit in a corner office while others do your dirty work. You wouldn’t have made it past day one in my situation,” Ben told them, standing up and using his height to intimidate. “You aren’t going to last long either if that’s how you take criticism when undercover,” the first man retorted. Ben’s fists balled, but he held his tongue. If he told them that his master had not once questioned his ability, they would balk and call him a traitor or something. Ben wasn’t stupid enough to get himself pulled for a petty insult. They’d eat their words when he busted this ring without their help or support. “I’ve got an appointment, so if you’re done insulting me for doing your job better than you, I’ll be heading out,” Ben said, turning and walking out. He could hear one of the men saying he should be written up for insubordination, but Poe shut him down with some off color comment or other. Ben balled his fists as he stalked down the hall to the psychologist’s office. The woman was brought in on the days he would be here, but he didn’t know if she worked for the Bureau regularly. She was nice enough, but he didn’t want to examine his time spent undercover. He did what had to be done, and he did what the situation called for. Frankly, being forced to discuss it was a lot worse than doing it. He didn’t want to examine why the hell he enjoyed having some other man shave his balls but doing it himself had been about as sexy as clipping his toe nails, and just as painful as when he accidentally caught a bit of skin. “Good afternoon, Agent,” the woman said, and just her acknowledgement of his title calmed him down a bit. “Hi, Doctor,” he said, walking to the comfortable chair across from her. He sank into the cushion and spread his legs wide. “How are you feeling today?” she asked. “I was better before meeting with my bosses,” he told her. At least he could vent about them in here. “Would you like to discuss why speaking with them has negatively impacted your mood?” she asked, making a quick note on her pad. “What’s to discuss? They don’t think I can handle this job. They either don’t like my parents, so they don’t like me, or they like my parents, so they don’t like me,” Ben told her, rubbing his palms against his thighs. “Why do you say that?” “What?” “That their opinion of you has to do with your parents,” she clarified. The way she immediately clarified without being annoyed that he didn’t understand her the first time reminded him of Tige. It put him at ease a little more. “They are legends in the Bureau. Everyone’s heard of Han and Leia. Leia ran the Bureau for a few years. Everyone either worships them or hates them, but everyone agrees I got in because of them.” “That isn’t a fair assumption to make,” she assured him. “I don’t care what they assume. Fact is, I’m a good agent, but everyone overlooks that,” Ben told her. “It makes you angry.” “It wouldn’t make you angry?” “No, it would make me very angry. But I want you to think about why it makes you angry. Are you angry because they are wrong, and it negatively impacts your job? Are you angry because their doubts reflect your own? Are you—” “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.” “Okay, what do you want to talk about Agent Solo?” “Nothing. I want to go home and prepare to get fucked for king and country tonight. Is that too much to ask, or do I have to get fucked here too before everyone’s satisfied?” “Ben, I don’t think that’s a fair statement. I’m not here to ‘fuck’ you. I’m here to help ensure that you are getting the right type of support through this, and being hostile to me isn’t going to solve what’s bothering you.” She even used finger quotes when she repeated fuck. Ben didn’t know how she did it with a straight face. Ben groaned, pounding his fist against the armrest. He just wanted to get out of here. He was much better in the field. He wasn’t made for sitting in an office and discussing shit that didn’t matter. He went out and got things done. He did the things his superiors—who had probably only ever worked white collar when they were actually field agents—talked about but never touched. No amount of talking to anyone was going to change the fact that his neck was on the line if anything went sideways. They may say his parents would prevent him from getting fired, but it was the opposite. Everyone wanted to make an example of Ben Solo. “I don’t think talking to you is going to solve anything either. I love what I do. I think I make a difference. This operation isn’t fucking with my head. The guy I’m with doesn’t do anything I can’t handle.” “Ben, you always call him ‘the guy.’ You did during our previous visit as well. Do you purposely not use his name?” she asked. Ben leaned forward, resting his elbows on his thighs and looked at his psychologist. She wasn’t a whole lot older than he was. She had soft blonde hair that was tucked back in a neat braid, and her posture said she may be soft spoken but she wasn’t going to take any shit. That was probably why she had this job. “He said to call him Master or Sir. I’m not about to call him that around the office. I’m lucky no one’s left a dog collar or a dildo in my office yet.” “That would be sexual harassment as well as a list of other things, Ben.” “Either way, I’m not looking for any more attention, so he’s ‘The Guy.’ Does that answer your question?” “I’m not your superior,” she told him. “But you answer to them whether you admit it or not. If I come in here and say ‘Master said this or that,’ you’re going to write it in that pad, and when they ask how he’s doing? You’re going to look at it and say, ‘he’s having trouble differentiating reality from his cover.’ So, the guy I’m with isn’t abusing me or fucking with my head. He’s just a part of the mission. Okay?” Ben told her directly. “Yes, that is perfectly fine, Ben. I would just like to know your thought process about these things. I don’t want to misinterpret anything.” “Do we need to talk about anything else?” he asked, hoping he could go back to his apartment. Maybe he’d grab a late lunch with Poe first. “If you think we have covered everything you wish to talk about…” “I do.” “Then you are free to go. I want you to take my card though. If you need to talk, I am always available for emergency sessions. I know you don’t see this operation as having a great mental impact on you, but you are undercover and that can have significant emotional and mental impact. If you need to talk to someone, I am always here. Doctor/patient privilege. Nothing needs to go back to your superiors. I want you to know that you are supported as I’m sure that your partner does as well,” she said, holding out her business card. Ben took it and shoved it into his pocket. “Thanks,” he said before walking out. Poe was waiting in the hall, looking anxious. “Beers?” he asked before Ben could say anything. Ben nodded, following Poe out of the offices and the building. Poe had his car with him, so Ben didn’t have to pay for another cab. Unfortunately, Poe drove like he was trying to win the Indy 500. Ben gripped the handle above the door as Poe took turns too fast. “When they revoke your license, I’m going to laugh,” Ben told him. “Dude, you drive worse than I do. Remember that car chase you took us off road in a Prius after nearly taking out two street lights?” “He was getting away.” “On a crotch rocket! We didn’t stand a chance.” “We caught him.” Ben watched Poe roll his eyes and his whole head. Ben had managed to cut the guy off by sheer skill behind the wheel. The perp had broadsided their vehicle and gone flying. He was alright after his bones healed, and now he was in prison. Ben had only been told that he was never to drive a government issued vehicle again. “Man, I know you hate him, but you are your father’s—” “Don’t.” “Yeah, okay. Dive bar?” Poe asked. Ben whipped around to stare at him. Did he know? Was he joking with him? Ben shook his head; he was being ridiculous. “Sounds good. Cheaper the better,” Ben told him. “That’s the spirit,” Poe said, driving them to a bar that’s sign only read “Bar.” This was a new low even for them, but Ben couldn’t help adjusting himself as he got out of the car. The image of his master in his mask waiting for him conjured up all sorts of dirty thoughts. “You coming?” Poe called, already halfway to the door. Ben flipped him off, giving his dick one last insistent adjustment and mentally telling it to behave. That went out the window as soon as they walked through the battered door into the dimly lit bar. It was still bright outside, but within there was nothing to show one that it was still daylight out. Poe had two beers waiting for them by the time Ben got over to the bar. There weren’t many patrons at this hour, or probably any hour. So, they had their choice of seats. They sat close to the jukebox which was playing some classic rock song that Ben knew too well because of his dad but never bothered to learn the name to. Poe probably knew. Poe probably had the album...on vinyl...signed by the original band members. “Don’t let those douchebags get to you, Ben. They’re just really pissed that their boy blew the case out of the gate. I think he didn’t just get his legs broken, I think that he fucked their chances of cleanly getting into the warehouse before it even started. Heard some rumblings about them not understanding how you got in so easily. So, they’re still sore about that. It’s not you,” Poe told him, clanking their glasses together. Ben didn’t question what had happened or if they’d actually tried to send someone in before. It didn’t matter now. He was already in the thick of it. Ben took a sip of his drink. “I just don’t want to have to deal with their shit on top of what I’m doing in the field. I give them everything I get. I can’t do my job and theirs,” Ben complained, tapping his leg against the rung of his barstool. “No, you can’t. That’s why you have us backing you up, man. We’ve got your back no matter what, Ben. We’re working on a way of having eyes and ears on you at all times, but it’s going to take some time.” Ben shook his head. “It’s not going to work. I’m naked almost the whole time. Leave my clothes in the front office.” He didn’t even flinch admitting that to Poe. They’d lived together for a couple months while Ben got his living situation sorted, and they’d walked in on all sorts of things. That was when Ben was still getting laid semi regularly. Poe sighed, playing with the condensation on his glass. “I don’t like this,” he said, but Ben slapped him on the back. “I’ll be fine,” Ben told him, just as his eyes caught those of someone sitting across the bar from them. They were intense and staring at Ben. Ben felt the hair on the back of his neck raise, but not in alarm. They didn’t look like his master. The hair color was wrong, and they had a paunch where his master was streamline. Still, the intensity of that gaze was enough to send Ben’s pulse racing. “I know you will be. I still don’t have to like it,” Poe retorted. “We need to get you a girl after this. Someone steady who isn’t going to make you call them master. Maybe a school teacher or something. There’s this lady in our building…” Ben tuned him out. Poe always talked about setting him up on dates with this nice girl from the diner or that nice guy from the post office. Poe knew everyone, and everyone loved Poe. They didn’t necessarily love Ben or want to date him, no matter how hard Poe tried. Ben’s last Poe sanctioned date had ended with a drink in his lap and a warning never to return to the local Olive Garden. “Don’t want to date the nice girl in your building, Poe. She probably knows Han and Leia.” “So? She’s sexy and smart. And she laughs at my jokes…” “That’s a perfect reason not to date her right there,” Ben said, still distracted by the feeling of eyes on him. He slipped his hand under the bar and carefully gave his cock a stern warning squeeze, but that just made him think about being tied to the sticky bar top as someone pushed their cock down his throat. “How about Lizzie from the office then? She could kick your ass if you wanted, and she’s funny.” Ben groaned, but it had nothing to do with Poe’s poor matchmaking skills. It had everything to do with the bartender pouring the man across the bar a shot of vodka. “Come on, she isn’t that bad,” Poe laughed. “I need to piss,” Ben said unceremoniously getting up and walking past Poe toward the bathrooms. He pushed into the men’s room which had only one urinal and one stall. It was filthy, but he didn’t really care. Ben walked into the stall and braced himself against the wall as he palmed himself through his pants. He thought about his master following him into the stall and reaching around him to rub him through his pants. Biting his lip, Ben told himself this was completely inappropriate, but he squeezed a little harder anyway. He panted as he unzipped his pants and pressed his fingers inside to rub his trapped erection. “Fuck,” he whispered, pulling his phone out of his pocket and dialing his master. “What’s wrong, Kylo?” his master answered on the first ring. He actually sounded concerned and not at all as composed as usual. “My work friend took me to the bar, and it’s a fucking dive, and I’m in the fucking bathroom with my hand in my pants thinking about you taking me in this filthy stall...but you said I couldn’t come without permission,” Ben said, feeling like an idiot. He wasn’t a slave right now. He was a federal agent who didn’t answer to criminals, certainly not when it came to regulating his orgasms. “I told you to call if something was wrong , Kylo. I didn’t say call when you’re horny and don’t want to play by the rules,” his master said firmly. His composure was back, and he didn’t sound pleased. Ben continued to stroke himself to his master’s voice though. “I wasn’t expecting to go to a shitty bar and think about last night,” Ben replied him. Truthfully, he was still tense from work or he wouldn’t have responded so boldly. “I expect my slaves to have control, Kylo. I expect them to have self control and show it by following my rules,” his master told him. Ben was pretty sure that was the equivalent of a verbal warning right there. Still, he wanted to push. “So I don’t have permission to come?” Ben asked, feeling completely frustrated as he gripped himself and ground his hips against the heel of his hand. Ben could hear his master sigh over the phone. “You’re testing my patience. Zip your pants back up…” Ben bit his lip to hide his whimper, but he knew his master heard him. Disobeying would be severely punished at this point, so he did as he was asked. “...Are you pants zipped up?” he asked. “Yes.” Ben said, adjusting himself and wanting to punch the wall in frustration. “Good. Now, I want you to stroke yourself through your pants until you come. I want you to rub it in very well, so you can feel the dampness on the outside of your pants. Then you are to return to your friend and stay for at least one more drink. You are not to change when you get home. When you come to the warehouse tonight, I will be inspecting your garments. Do not bring a change of clothes. You will wear them home when we are finished. Now, I want to hear you,” his master ordered. Ben panted, palming himself even as he felt shame for rubbing himself in a public restroom because he couldn’t control his own desire. It only made him more aroused though as he pressed harder, gyrating his hips against his hand. “You dirty creature. You’re getting off just on the thought of walking around with soiled pants,” his master said, and he was right. Ben pressed his face against his forearm as he braced it on the dirty tile wall, his phone trapped between his ear and shoulder. There was plenty sordid about this situation, but it was perfect. It was the perfect ‘fuck you’ to his superiors, getting off on his master humiliating him when he wouldn’t let any of his superiors talk down to him and would attack verbally if they tried to discipline him. Yet, he was about to come in his pants as punishment from his master. “You’re close. Don’t stop. I want to hear you come. I want you to thank me when you're finished,” his master told him. “Then I want you to promise not to abuse this number again because you worried me. I thought you were hurt or sick, but you were just being greedy.” Ben gasped, feeling his body begin to hum as he got close. He squeezed his eyes shut and rocked faster and pressed harder. His mind kept replaying ‘greedy’ over and over, and he knew he was blushing all over. His eyes shot open as he heard the bathroom door open. “Shit,” he murmured as the person walked over to the urinal. Ben tried to look under the stall to see if it was Poe, but he didn’t recognize the shoes. He didn’t know what was worse, a stranger or his partner witnessing this. “You’ve stopped. Why?” “Someone came in,” Ben breathed out, hoping the person didn’t hear him. His dick throbbed, and his whole body demanded attention. He was so close, and the interruption wasn’t have nearly the effect it should have. “And?” Ben took a shuddering breath and touched himself again. Once the shock faded, the thrill took hold. He bit his bottom lip as he rubbed himself, hearing the other person pissing just on the other side of the flimsy barrier. He made sure to keep quiet, and he built quickly again. He had to bite his lip to discourage himself from getting vocal. “I can hear those soft pants. Trying not to get caught. That’s for the best. I don’t want anyone enjoying your pleasure when I’m not there. You are mine, Kylo,” his master said, and that triggered something in him. Ben felt himself tipping over the edge, and he kicked the handle to make the toilet flush as he fell apart. The feeling of his come spreading in his underwear as he continued to rub himself was shameful yet arousing. “That’s it. You love it when I remind you who you belong to,” his master told him as the sound of the toilet dissipated, and Ben tried to catch his breath. He could hear the sink going, and he waited for the person to leave. He stopped rubbing himself when he felt dampness against his palm, and he heard the door open and close. “Thank you, sir,” he whispered, feeling dizzy from the whirl of emotions he was experiencing. “What else?” his master sounded as reserved as ever. “I promise not to abuse this number. I’ll only call if it’s an emergency, or I’m feeling unwell,” Ben told him, wiping the sweat from his brow. “Very good. I hope you will not test my generosity in the future because I am not a fool, Kylo. I know you enjoy pushing boundaries just as much as you push yourself, but I won’t be taken advantage of,” his master told him, but his voice had a softer quality like it did when he let Kylo call him Tige. “I’m sorry.” “Don’t trouble yourself right now. Enjoy your afternoon with your friend. I will handle the situation when I see you tonight. There is nothing for you to worry yourself about,” he said. “I will see you tonight, Kylo.” “See you tonight, sir,” Ben said, hanging up the phone and tipping his head back. He put his phone into his breast pocket, not wanting it to come in contact with his damp pants. He went to the sink and splashed water on his face before walking out of the bathroom. Poe had a second beer in front of him when Ben came back. He knew he looked a mess, but he didn’t really care. He stalked back to his seat with as much menace as he usually threw into his step. “Something not agree with you, man?” Poe asked, flagging the bartender for him. “Psychologists make me anxious,” Ben lied. A little warning went off in his mind that he didn’t lie to his partner, but it was already out of his mouth. “Yeah, I don’t blame you. The mandatory shrink visit when we got hired was enough to turn my stomach upside down for days,” Poe laughed, ever easygoing. Ben accepted his second beer as he took a seat on the stool. He felt the squish of come in his briefs as he sat, and he felt himself flush. “You sure you’re okay?” Poe asked. “I don’t want you going under tonight if you’re going to be sick. You can skip a night…” “I’m fine,” Ben told him. He’d be fine as soon as his master inspected his underwear. The prospect of punishment was even sending a little thrill down his spine. “Okay. I’m trusting you.” Ben closed his eyes for a moment. “Poe?” “Yeah man?” Poe asked, sounding concerned. “I really hate that you live with Han and Leia,” Ben said in a rush of breath. Changing the subject was better than talking about this more. He knew everyone’s concerns, but he wasn’t going to let anything stand in the way of his objective—not even a master that had him humiliate himself in a public restroom. “I don’t live with them. We’re four floors apart.” “I know, but seriously they call you to invite you to Thanksgiving and expect you to tell me.” “That’s because you don’t answer when they call, man. Look, Ben, I’m not moving. That condo is incredible. I won’t go out of my way to see them, but I’m not going to ignore your dad if I see him in the gym or your mom in the mail room.” “Yeah, okay,” Ben said, taking a sip of his drink. As he did, he made eye contact with the man across the bar, and he could’ve sworn he saw a look of knowing on his face. Could he have been the man taking a piss? Ben felt his cock twitch even as he fought of the flush that tried to cover his features again. Damn his expressive face and pale skin tone. Ben stayed for his beer and a while after just talking with Poe. He declined Poe’s offer to drive him home when it started to get late. He kept his composure until he slid into the back of his cab, and then he touched the still damp spot over his crotch. He felt his whole body hum as he ran his fingers over it lightly, and he wanted to know what his master would do when he saw the state of him. Notes: Chapter warnings: brief mentions of homophobia/sexual harassment (very brief), phone sex, dirty talk, humiliation kink, public masturbation. Chapter 5 : Size Difference Notes: I did not mean for a week to get away from me, but I ended up getting sick and made very little progress. I'm actually still sick, but I'm hoping to have another one up before the weekend is over. Thank you to vmprsm for betaing this chapter for me. She is the absolute best. I also want to thank everyone who left awesome comments either on here or on my tumblr this week. They really brighten my day, and I'm attempted to reply to them now. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo was full of energy as he left his apartment that night. He was still wearing his come stained underwear now newly covered with fresh slacks and a black button up. He was grateful to wear simply suits to the office, so he didn’t have to worry about any sort of identifying logos or patches. Growing up, he’d never have believed he’d be happy to wear a suit every day. While he was certainly happier to wear the torn black jeans and boots that he usually did on stakeouts or in the field, suits were undeniably easy. His car was still in his designated spot when he got to the warehouse, protected and out of sight due to a small covered structure. He didn’t bother checking on it as he walked to the door he entered through every night. It wasn’t his car after all. If his superiors lost a really nice car during this mission, it would serve them right. Kylo was surprised to find someone waiting for him in the office when he entered. He believed it was the person who had led the slaves away the first night, but he hadn’t gotten a good look at them then. Now, they leaned against the office door, arms folded, and expression blank behind their own mask. “The General is waiting, and it’s best not to keeping him doing so,” they said, looking at Kylo as though he was dirt on their shoe. Kylo didn’t know what he was supposed to say. His master said he followed no one’s rules but his, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t supposed to speak submissively to them. That was something he didn’t think he could do, so he kept his mouth shut. “Remove your wallet, phone, and anything you don’t want to lose during play. Keep the clothing on and put on your mask and collar,” they told him sharply, as though he should’ve known this already. Kylo felt the tingle of anticipation take him as he dropped his belongings in the box and took out his collar. His master was angry. Kylo wondered where on the spectrum of disobedience this infraction fell and also what kind of punishment it warranted. “Hold your hands out,” they told him. Kylo looked to them, and they were holding a pair of leather cuffs with thick metal rings for fastening them to whatever his master chose. He wondered if his master would tie him up, arms secured and unable to move. It didn’t instill the fear that his academy instructors would have said it should. Kylo held out his hands one by one, allowing this master to secure him in the bindings. He didn’t like submitting control to this person. They weren’t his master. They didn’t subtly show their approval when he did well. They just expected obedience. “The General says you aren’t leash trained, but I imagine that may change tonight,” they said offhandedly, motioning for Kylo to follow once he was secured. They walked quickly, following the same path as each night before. Kylo tried not to touch the cuffs. They weren’t uncomfortable or heavy, but he could feel them like a weight making his transgressions known. Kylo immediately saw his master when the door to their room opened. He was sitting in the same folding chair in the center of the room. Kylo gulped as he took in the state of his master. He was in his usual black pants and shining boots, but today he wore a crisp white button down. The collar of the shirt was unbuttoned, revealing a tease of pale skin. More incredible was that his sleeves were rolled up to the elbow to reveal slender though strong looking forearms. Kylo’s eyes were immediately drawn to the tattoo on the inside of his master’s right forearm. It was an elongated hexagon in black and inside of it there was a circle with rays facing inward like an inverted sun. It was at least three inches in length and very clear on his master’s skin. “Come,” his master ordered, pointing to the square of carpet in front of his chair. Kylo immediately followed the order, not wanting to incur further punishment. “Thank you, Captain,” his master said, looking to the person who had escorted Kylo to the room. “Of course, General,” the Captain replied, shutting the door as they left. Kylo stood still in front of his master, looking down at his feet. His master didn’t speak immediately. Kylo waited...and waited………..and waited. “Have I been good to you, Kylo?” his master finally asked, running his palms up Kylo’s thighs. “Yes, sir,” Kylo didn’t even hesitate. “Have I given you pleasure?” “Yes.” “Have I taught you about your own desire?” “Yes.” “Have I allowed you to find fulfillment when at home?” “Yes,” Kylo said again, feeling the hair raise on the back of his neck. “Have I given you rules to follow?” his master asked, beginning to unbuckle Kylo’s belt. “Yes, sir.” “Are they difficult rules? Are they too hard to follow?” “No, sir.” “I see,” his master said, running his bare palm over the crotch of Kylo’s slacks and rubbing against it. “How long have you been wearing dirty pants?” his master asked, glancing at the watch on his left wrist. Kylo thought about it. They’d gone to lunch around three, and he hadn’t been there long before he’d gone into the bathroom. “About six hours, sir.” “Six hours. Filthy creature. Was it worth it?” his master asked, looking up at him. Kylo didn’t answer that immediately. It had felt incredible, coming in a public place with the real possibility of getting caught. However, he knew he’d broken the rules. He’d never regretted breaking rules before, in fact he often reveled in it. Whether his parents’ rules, teachers’, or the Bureau’s; it was thrilling to push at the boundaries. Right now though, he felt a twinge of regret—not so much from getting off as from letting his master down. It was a completely foreign feeling. “Yes, sir,” Kylo ended up saying. Maybe it was a little defiant, but the pleasure had been divine. “Turn around and face the mirror,” his master ordered, gripping Kylo by the restraints and rising from his seat. He produced a key from his pocket and undid one of the restraints before letting Kylo go. Kylo turned in place as soon as he was freed. He looked at himself in the mirror, broad shoulders covered in black and a strong waist. Just behind him stood his master. His master raised his hands and gripped Kylo’s shoulders. “Look at yourself. Look into your eyes, at your chest, at your arms, your legs. Look at all of it. What do you see?” “Myself, sir,” Kylo told him. His master didn’t say anything. Instead, he reached around Kylo and unbuttoned his pants, he shoved them down Kylo’s legs and gripped the front of his briefs, rubbing him to feel that he hadn’t changed his underwear before arriving. Kylo felt his body respond to the rough gropes as well as the shame of having come in his pants. His whole body tingled as his master touched him. His master let go of his crotch and began to unbutton Kylo’s shirt before stopping halfway. He took both sides in hand and tore the shirt open, sending a button pinging off the mirror. Kylo shuddered at the display. His master pulled the shirt back and off, but before Kylo could put his hands down at his sides his master refastened the restraints behind Kylo’s back. Then his master pulled Kylo’s underwear down over his thighs until it was inside out for him to inspect. Kylo could see his own come sticking to the dark fabric, and it reminded him of just how desperate he had been. He could hardly hold still on the barstool just thinking about his master taking him on the bar. Then in the bathroom, how frantically he groped himself to the sound of his master’s voice. “What do you see, Kylo?” his master asked, running his fingers through the poorly maintained hair above Kylo’s cock. His touch and voice were hypnotizing, lulling Kylo’s racing pulse. “My body and come, sir,” Kylo told him. He wasn’t quite sure where his master was going with this, but looking at himself like this was turning him on. Feeling his master surrounding him was turning him on. “Your body? Your release? Do you see your cock too? Your arousal?” his master asked, wrapping his fingers around Kylo’s cock and giving it a strong stroke. “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, watching his cock grow hard from his master’s touch and words. “You do? Fascinating. Do you know what I see, Kylo?” His master asked. Kylo knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was marching straight to into the fire, but he continued on steadily anyway. He wasn’t afraid of where this was headed. He craved it. “What do you see, sir?” he asked, leaning ever so slightly back against his master’s chest. “I see my slave, Kylo. I see a slave that has given himself to me. I see a body that is mine. I see eyes that search for me for permission to seek pleasure. I see lips that are mine to feed. I see a cock that hardens for me ... because of me,” his master told him, continuing to stroke Kylo to hardness. He used his other hand to hold Kylo’s hip steady, making him feel secure. “I also see the seeds of rebellion smeared within your briefs and the fire of disobedience in your eyes,” his master said, stepping back and picking something up from beneath his chair. Kylo hadn’t seen the box until now. His master picked the smooth wooden box up and brought it around Kylo to stand blocking the mirror. He held it between them, looking into Kylo’s eyes steadily. “You are mine, Kylo. You just haven’t realized it yet. You call me sir, but I see it in your eyes. I’m just a tool for you. I bring you high and I catch you when you float back to Earth, but you’re wrong. Today, you will understand what it means to be mine. You will serve me, and you will understand that your pleasure is a gift that can be extinguished just as easily as it is fanned. Your pleasure it tantamount to me, Kylo, but I will not be disobeyed and disrespected. Until you are prepared to serve your master, you will be taught control,” his master spoke as though he stood before a congregation instead of just Kylo; however, his declaration sent a shiver down Kylo’s spine. He wanted to know what was in the box. He wanted to know his punishment, so he could endure it and get back to getting off—or perhaps get off on it. His master took one hand off the box and stepped aside to reveal Kylo’s reflection again. He gripped Kylo’s cock and ran his fingers over it. “You’re quite large, Kylo. Are you proud of it? Do you look at your cock and feel powerful?” his master asked, stroking him gently. “I like my cock, sir,” Kylo told him. His master nodded. “Did you imagine it stretching me wide as you sank into me? Did you think about how tight I’d be around such a thick cock?” his master asked, running his thumb over the head of it. “Yes, sir,” Kylo admitted, though his cock admitted to it before he did, filling rapidly. “Of course, and did you imagine coming deep inside of me? Did you think of filling me up so much that your juices would leak out of me as you pulled back?” Kylo’s eyes fluttered shut, imagining his master collapsed on the sheets in complete exhaustion. His ass would still be propped up on a pillow as Kylo pulled back, and yes his come would leak from that rosy hole. It would drip down toward his balls, and Kylo would lean forward to lap at it. He’d lick it up and follow it, pressing his tongue into his master and licking him clean inside and out. His master would grip the sheets, demanding he go deeper and get every last drop. “I asked you a question, Kylo,” his master prompted sharply, squeezing his cock just enough to let him know pain wasn’t off the table. “Yes, sir. I imagined filling you up and licking you clean,” Kylo told him, watching his cock twitch in his master’s hand. “And you came up with all of these naughty thoughts on your own as I asked you to?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him, holding back a whimper as his master took his hand back. “Did you get off on it?” “Yes, sir.” Kylo felt dizzy just talking about this. “But that wasn’t enough. You wanted more. You wanted to touch yourself in a filthy bathroom where anyone but me could walk in on you. You wanted to touch my cock and go against my rules. Yes?” Kylo looked away from his master’s hand stroking him. “Yes, sir. I’m sorry, sir.” “Apologies don’t correct bad behavior, Kylo. They allow us to believe we can push the limits. They give us a sense that the limits will move because a moment of humility is certainly worth the pleasure of the forbidden fruit. You’ve pushed the boundaries, Kylo. You’ve tasted the fruit of rebellion. Open the box and see how your master punishes such disobedience,” his master told him, holding out the beautifully crafted box. Kylo’s hands trembled as he immediately tried to raise them only to realize they were still trapped behind his back. He looked up into his master’s eyes again, and his master’s lips twitched into a tight smile. “Do I have your attention?” he asked. “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him. “Very good. Look at your punishment,” his master said, opening the box. Kylo looked down and frowned. It was a metal contraption shaped like a penis, and there was a padlock on the cushion beside it as well as a pair of keys. “Do you know what this is?” “Vaguely,” Kylo admitted. “Well, you will learn quickly,” his master told him, lifting the device out of the box and holding it up in the light. The metal bars that made up the cage shined. It wasn’t exactly small, but Kylo looked down at his heavy cock and back at the device. “You think it will be a tight fit. Don’t worry,” his master said, putting the box down on the chair and gripping Kylo firmly by the cock. “You will submit, not just to it but to me. You don’t understand it yet, but you will. Consider this a bit of reconditioning.” He let go of Kylo then and walked away. Kylo stood patiently, staring at himself in the mirror. His thoughts swirled, leaving him lightheaded. He tried to imagine what it would be like to have the cold metal around him, and quite quickly his erection began to fade. Just the idea of being locked up sent fear through him, though there was an underlying thrill to it—like watching a particularly good horror movie. Kylo was so focused on himself that he didn’t feel his master come up behind him until he reached around Kylo and slid the cage over his now flaccid cock. Kylo shivered violently as the metal moved over his soft flesh. It was a tight fit. It wasn’t terribly uncomfortable, but he doubted he’d be able to forget he was wearing it. And then his master secured his balls in the loop specifically designed to hold them, and he felt like he’d been put in a straightjacket. No amount of thrashing would dislodge this. No amount of begging. His master wasn’t one to be swayed by pleading. His master turned back to grasp the lock and key. He held them in front of Kylo and showed that the keys actually did unlock the padlock. Then he attached the lock to the cage and slid it closed. He kept the key in his hand as he rested it on Kylo’s shoulder and pushed him down to his knees. “What do you see, Kylo?” he asked, standing above him from behind. “I see a slave, sir,” Kylo told him, unable to take his eyes off his confined cock. Trapped inside the cage, he was nowhere near the size he usually was. Kylo’s attention was grabbed when his master reached down and undid his own belt and unzipped his fly. Kylo’s breath caught, and he felt the cage become slightly tighter as his eyes watched his master in the mirror. His master opened his pants enough to pull out his cock. Kylo’s mouth watered as he watched his master stroke himself several times. His master’s cock was beautiful. It was slender like the rest of him, but not too thin proportionally. It suited him, and its color as he slowly stroked himself to full hardness...it was delicate. His pale skin turned a mouthwatering shade of pink, highlighted by the darker veins that ran through it. His master thumbed back his foreskin to reveal a pearly bead of precome on the swollen head of it. Kylo was painfully aware of the metal confines around his own cock. He was sure that was the whole point, but it was cruel to finally see his master’s cock and be confined to this. “Do you like what you see, Kylo?” his master asked, continuing to stroke himself just over Kylo’s right shoulder. The tattoo on his forearm stood out, contrasting the beautiful flush of his skin. “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him, hoping that he would at least get to touch his master’s body. “I am not disappointing?” he asked. Giving himself a long stroke as he became fully hard. Kylo didn’t know if this was a crack in the almost impenetrable armor of his master, but he didn’t for a second find his master’s cock wanting in any way. In fact, he’d been hoping to see it since their first night together. Seeing it now, even if the rest of him was still covered, was a reward in itself. “No, sir. It’s beautiful,” Kylo told him. His master laughed softly. “I am not fishing for compliments, Kylo. I just want you to give it a good look because it is the only cock you will touch until I say otherwise.” Kylo bit the inside of his cheek as he strained against the cage he was in. He wanted to press against his master, feel the slide of their bodies together. He wanted to hold them both in hand and stroke them together, feeling every vein and twitch of his master’s flesh. “I see you are already pushing at the boundaries,” his master said, looking down at Kylo’s caged cock. “So powerful, but so little control over yourself, Kylo. We will fix that.” His master ran his fingers through Kylo’s hair as he continued to stroke himself. Kylo’s eyes fluttered shut, associating his master’s caresses with affection. Even the strain of the cage around him didn’t distract him from his master’s wonderful touch. Kylo went easily when his master guided his shoulder so that Kylo faced him instead of the mirror. Kylo opened his eyes again as he heard his master remove something from his pocket. It was a condom, and Kylo’s whole body fluttered with desire as he watch his master’s beautiful hands tear open the wrapper. His master’s movements were so practiced, removing the condom and pinching the reservoir tip before placing it against his cock and rolling it down the shaft. Kylo was mesmerized by how careful he was, but also how competent he was. There was no fumbling about which way the condom went or pauses as he rolled it on. Everything was done quickly and with skill. Even the way he cupped Kylo’s jaw as he guided it to him was precise. “I don’t let just any slave pleasure me, Kylo. Serving your master is a gift as much as being served by a faithful slave is. You may have pushed several boundaries but a good master knows that boundaries will be pushed, and punishment should not overshadow play. You should not fear me, but you will obey me. So, because you have been an eager learner and have shown great care for you master, I let you touch me,” his master told him, holding his cock in front of Kylo. He didn’t force Kylo’s mouth open or demand he take all of him. Like everything else, he took his time. He rested his cock against Kylo’s lips and stroked Kylo’s jaw. Kylo sat patiently, enjoying the subtle pressure against his mouth. Anticipation raced along his spine. His testicles felt heavy in their confines, and his cock ached from being held in submission. Looking up at the calm expression that his master wore, he was completely aware of the difference between them. He looked into his master’s eyes, and he wanted more than anything to see what they looked like when he was on the brink of orgasm. He wanted to hear what he sounded like as he spilled. He wanted to feel the grip of his master’s hands as Kylo gave him pleasure. His master was right. This was a gift, and his master was giving it to him freely even though he had broken the rules. Perhaps if he could follow them, his master would let them share this together. Kylo blinked, feeling overcome by the thought of them both intertwined and sharing in each other’s bodies. “What are you thinking of?” his master asked, stroking Kylo’s cheek with his thumb even as he moved his cock from side to side along the seam of Kylo’s lips. “Getting off with you,” Kylo answered promptly, trying to control the hunger in his voice. “You must demonstrate control before I consider such a thing. Will you show control now?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him. “Do not focus on the head. I prefer to do depth rather than teasing. Do you understand?” he asked, running his fingers up into Kylo’s hair again. Kylo whimpered as his master finally gripped his hair tightly and pulled his head back. He looked directly into Kylo’s eyes as he pushed his cock between his lips. Kylo’s whole body tingled as he opened his mouth wide to accommodate his master. His cock may not have looked monstrous in the mirror but it felt heavy against Kylo’s tongue as it slid deep into his mouth. Trying to relax around it, Kylo closed his eyes. His master held his head in place as he began to rock in and out. It took Kylo time to become used to it, overwhelmed by finally having his master’s cock inside him. “Open your eyes,” his master ordered softly, rocking forward and pushing his cock down into Kylo’s throat. Kylo choked and sputtered around the intrusion. Attempting to breathe was the wrong move as his master’s cock obstructed his throat. His master didn’t release him, pushing further until Kylo’s nose brushed the fabric of his slacks. Steadily, his master pulled back completely, giving Kylo a moment to cough and catch his breath. “Control,” his master reminded him. “Look at my eyes.” Kylo looked up as his master pushed into him again. He focused on them as he tried to remain calm. This time he didn’t panic when his master went deep. It stretched and felt so full, but he tried to relax against the pressure. His master pulled back before he was in any danger of suffocating or hurting himself. He slid back in again, pulling Kylo right in and holding him there. “You have a beautiful mouth. It will service me well,” his master told him, making small thrusts while maintaining his depth. Kylo’s eyes began to tear up as he took all of his master, but his head swam with pleasure. He could feel his nipples hardening as his chest brushed his master’s pants, and his cock strained against its confines. The breath control was making him lightheaded, but it felt so good as his master pulled back then quickly pushed into his mouth again . Kylo tried to focus on his master’s expression. He still looked serious, but Kylo could see the flush on his neck and the bit of chest exposed by his unbuttoned collar. Clearly, he was being affected by this even if he remained composed. “Look at you,” his master said, releasing his own cock to stroke Kylo’s lips as he pulled back. “Look at my loyal servant,” he continued, turning Kylo’s head to the mirror so he could look at himself. His lips were swollen and dark. His hair was a mess, and his chest flushed. Kylo panted at the sight of himself kneeling before his master with his hands behind his back and his cock locked up tight. “What do you see, Kylo?” his master asked, running his fingers through Kylo’s hair roughly and musing it further. “I see your slave, General,” Kylo told him, shocked by how rough his voice sounded. “Yes, I see him too. Look how beautiful he is, how well trained,” his master told him, stroking his jaw gently. “Don’t take your eyes off of him,” he ordered, holding Kylo’s jaw open and sliding his cock into his mouth. Kylo watched the reflection of it disappear into his mouth, and he shuddered as he watched his throat expand to accommodate it. “This is what a good slave looks like Kylo. Don’t you agree?” His master pulled back, rubbing his cock against Kylo’s lips and chin. “Yes, sir,” Kylo whispered, desperate to see his mouth engulf his master again. “How does it feel to please your master?” He gave his own cock a few strokes before reaching into his pants to squeeze his balls. Kylo whimpered. “It feels good, sir.” He wanted to see the rest of his master. He wanted to feel the weight of his testicles. He wanted to see if he was as neatly trimmed as he had made Kylo. He wanted to know if he had other tattoos or if his skin was as unblemished as those pale shoulders. Kylo wanted it all, but most of all he wanted to bring his master pleasure and see him fall apart. “Good. What is giving you that look in your eye then? What do you want me to do to you?” he asked, holding himself just out of Kylo’s reach. Kylo wanted to beg. “I want to give you pleasure, sir. I want to see you come because of me,” Kylo told him, knowing that he was expected to answer honestly. His master looked torn for a moment before he shook his head. “I doubt you will see that, tonight or possibly ever,” he told him, letting Kylo take him in his mouth again. He stroked Kylo’s hair in what only could be described as a fond manner as he let Kylo take him as deep as he liked. “You do bring me pleasure though, Kylo.” Kylo pressed his face forward, taking as much of his master’s cock as he could. It wasn’t as easy to accomplish as when his master guided him, and he ended up choking around it again. His master laughed softly, and Kylo didn’t miss the real affection in his eyes as he took hold of Kylo again before he hurt himself. “Not as small as it looks, huh?” he teased, guiding himself into Kylo’s mouth slowly. Kylo moaned around him, trying to use his tongue to pleasure him as well. His master rocked into him, building a steady rhythm that Kylo easily became accustomed to. Every bit of Kylo was focused on his master. He watched him move, felt him shift and shudder when he went particularly deep. Kylo was hungry for every small sign of pleasure he could get from his master, and he completely forgot his own body’s arousal. Instead, he derived pleasure from his master’s body, and it affected him almost as potently. Kylo was shivering practically uncontrollably when his master grabbed the folding chair and placed it in front of Kylo. “Rest your chest on it,” his master ordered, guiding Kylo down onto the chair. “Turn your face to the mirror. I want you to watch me. From now on I want you ready for me at all times. That means opening yourself before you arrive. That means cleaning yourself out if you have to. I want you on a strict diet, everything regulated. So, when I decide I want to sink into you, you are prepared for me. For now, I want you to watch me, so you can do as I do. Is that understood?” his master asked, picking his gloves out of his back pocket where Kylo hadn’t been able to see them. “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed, torn between wanting his master’s cock but also wanting his master to open him up. “Good. Spread your legs,” he said, pulling his gloves on and walking over to the table beside the bed. Kylo watched him in the mirror. He opened a drawer and removed a bottle of lube and several other things that Kylo couldn’t recognize from his current position and distance. His master approached him again with a small basket of items, and Kylo felt completely relaxed knowing he was in good hands. The light brush of his master’s hand on the small of his back caused him to arch into him like a cat might. It was as though his whole body was tuned to his master’s frequency. “Are you in any pain?” his master asked, kneeling behind him. Kylo watched him settle on the carpet and place the basket within reach. “Take your time answering, I want you to really examine yourself.” Kylo tried to focus on his own body, but he couldn’t stop watching his master take things out of the basket and get himself prepared. First he took out a towel that he laid on the carpet between Kylo’s knees. Then he took out a small pack of what looked like baby wipes, followed by a bottle of lube and what looked like a tube of it as well. “Kylo, focus on your body. Do you feel pain from the cage?” Kylo focused on the pressure around his cock, but it wasn’t painful per se. It was undeniable and unyielding, but it wasn’t agonizing. “No, sir.” “Good, let me know if that changes. You’re quite big even for such a large cage. I don’t want to damage you,” his master told him, picking up a wipe from the packet and running it over his black gloves. Then he wiped gently between Kylo’s cheeks. “Did you take fingers this morning?” “No, sir. Just fucked my hand,” Kylo told him, watching his master’s reflection as he squeezed some lubricant onto his gloved fingers. Kylo’s whole body shuddered as his master gently applied it in a small circle around his hole. “Such vulgar language. I should train that out of you,” his master said, shaking his head. “From now on, I want you to open yourself up with your fingers. Focus on spreading yourself and preparing yourself. It won’t be for pleasure, in fact, you’ll wear the cage. Instead, it will prepare you for our time together, both mentally and physically.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, gasping as his master coated his fingers in the thicker lube and pressed a single knuckle into him. He felt his balls tighten at the intrusion, but the rest of him hummed with it. “Relax, Kylo,” his master reminded him, rubbing the small of his back. “Just like with your mouth. I want you to watch me, know that I won’t hurt you.” He continued to stroke Kylo’s back as he slid his finger in further. Kylo’s hands were locked just above where his master was working, and his master let his fingers travel down his back and hold Kylo’s hands as he pressed the finger in completely. Squirming at the sudden feeling of being full, Kylo’s breath caught. “Relax. You’re taking me so well,” his master praised, holding his hands tightly as he pulled his finger back then slid it in again. Kylo couldn’t control the buck of his hips as his master steadily fucked him with one finger. “That’s it. Get used to taking it. Enjoy it,” the General told him, pulling his finger out completely and covering it in more lube. He placed two fingers against Kylo, but instead of pressing both in, he used his middle finger. Kylo felt it stretch him just a little more than the index finger, but it was enough to leave him panting. His master seemed to know exactly how to drag the desperate sounds out of him with nimble fingers. “Do you want a second?” his master asked, fucking him slowly and dragging his finger against Kylo’s inner walls. “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him, pushing back slightly against the finger. “What if I told you that you could either have another finger or an orgasm? Would you take the finger or your pleasure?” Kylo bit his lip. “The finger, sir,” he told his master, caring little for anything but his master’s touch. “Push out,” his master told him, adding more lubricant both to his hand and Kylo’s hole. Kylo engaged his muscles, pushing out and his eyes rolled back as he felt two of his master’s fingers push past his rim and into him. He was completely aware of every inch they sank into him, long and slender. It seemed to go on forever, then suddenly it was retreating again. Gasping as his master removed his fingers completely, Kylo opened his eyes to watch him. He lifted something out of the basket again, and opened it. It was another barrier, and he pressed it to Kylo’s hole. Kylo arched as he felt the gentle probe of his master’s tongue through the barrier. His body tingled as his master alternated between using his tongue and sliding his fingers into him. Kylo was barely coherent as he endured the onslaught of pleasure. His entire body relaxed for his master, and that allowed his master to press further into him. “So good,” he praised Kylo when he finally pulled back. “Are you ready for a surprise?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him eagerly. He could barely control his body, but he wanted everything his master gave to him. “Can you feel you fingertips and your cock?” his master asked him. Kylo wiggled his finger tips, and nodded. “Yes, sir.” “No tingling?” “No, sir.” His master stroked his thigh before reaching into the basket and removing a rectangular box. It was at least twice as long as it was wide. He opened it and removed a thin wand like device. “Do you know what this is?” his master asked, holding it up so Kylo could get a good look at it in the mirror. “A dildo?” Kylo said, though it was strange looking with a slightly bulbous end that was bent at an angle. “It is a prostate wand,” his master informed him, removing a condom from the basket and slipping it over the toy before lubricating it. His master slipped it into him with ease, though this device felt heavy inside of him. Kylo hiccuped as his master slid it into place and turned it on. Kylo’s eyes widened as he felt the vibrations inside him, pressing against the bundle of nerves there. Moving the device around a bit, his master studied each of Kylo’s reactions until he seemed satisfied that he’d found the perfect position. “Can you reach the handle?” his master asked, guiding his hands to the long handle of the device. “Yes,” Kylo said shakily as his master wrapped his fingers around it. “Hold it steady and don’t go easy on yourself,” he ordered, standing up and coming around Kylo’s front. “Open you mouth,” he said, kneeling in front of Kylo and presenting his half hard cock. Kylo opened his mouth, and let his master resume his blow job. Kylo breathed shakily every time his master rocked back, so overcome by the sensation of being filled from both ends. The vibrator aroused his prostate relentlessly, causing him to shake while his master’s cock stretched his mouth open wide. Kylo felt complete. He watched his master rock into him, petting his hair and praising him for doing so well. It was dizzying. It was too much, and certainly not enough. When his master gripped his hair tightly, Kylo saw stars. The movement jarred his arms enough that it brought the vibrator in full contact with his prostate, and Kylo has absolutely no control over his body’s reaction. He felt the strangest sort of pleasure as his balls tightened and his whole body shook as his master buried himself to the hilt. Kylo could feel come dripping out of him though he was soft within the cage. It made his head spin, and spots began to cloud his vision as his master held him in place. Kylo felt his cock continue to dribble as his master finally pulled back and stroked his face. Kylo’s eyes fell shut as he leaned into the gentle touch. “Very good,” his master said, lowering his head then walking around Kylo. Kylo continued to shake even once his master turned the vibrator off. His cock released the last dribble of his come without consulting him about it at all, and Kylo felt just as wrung out as his cock. “Breathe slowly for me,” his master said, carefully loosening Kylo’s grip on the wand. His master managed to remove it from him without leaving him shaking harder, and Kylo was grateful. He felt his master clean him with another wipe before packing up the basket again and carrying it into the bathroom. Kylo still couldn’t use his hands, so he laid there with his chest on the cushion of the folding chair. He couldn’t even lift his head to look around. When his master returned, he unlocked the restraints and massaged Kylo’s wrists before helping him to his feet. Kylo wasn’t expecting to be wrapped in the thick robe he’d worn the other night. It felt good on him though, and he quietly followed his master to the bed. Walking was a little difficult. He still felt like he had something in him not to mention the cage around his cock. He walked stiffly, but his master quickly laid him out on his back and laid between his spread knees. He separated the folds of Kylo’s robe and rubbed his still covered cock against Kylo’s cage. He draped Kylo’s legs over his knees and rocked against Kylo while leaning over him very closely. It wasn’t particularly pleasurable between the overstimulated prostate and the locked up dick, but it was nice. Kylo tentatively reached up to wrap his arms around his master’s back, and he pulled their chests together when his master nodded encouragingly. Kylo nuzzled against his master’s cheek and neck, and his master actually returned the affection. They didn’t kiss or grope. They simply held each other as they rocked together. It was pleasant, and Kylo felt himself becoming drowsy. He was still feeling high from their play, and the intimacy of being wrapped together was wonderful. “Master?” Kylo asked, sleepily. “Tige.” “Tige?” “Yes, Kylo?” He reached up to run his fingers through Kylo’s hair. “Do you not come in front of your slaves?” Kylo asked, feeling disappointment curl in his belly as he remembered his master’s words. “Not usually,” his master replied, still rocking against him slowly. Kylo could feel that he wasn’t aroused even though he’d left the condom covering him. “Do not take it personally, Kylo. It has nothing to do with you. I’m not withholding it until you are the perfect slave or something. I just don’t get off easily. What we do is about you,” his master tried to assure him. “You don’t enjoy this?” Kylo asked, feeling like someone had poured cold water all over him. “I very much enjoy what I do, but it can have its costs,” Tige said, rubbing his thumb over Kylo’s still swollen lips. “I want to get you off,” Kylo told him, biting his master’s thumb gently. “You are more than welcome to try, Kylo, but I don’t want you to feel like you’ve failed if it doesn’t happen,” his said, pulling his finger away and flicking Kylo in the nose before sitting back and removing the condom. “Can I at least see you, all of you?” Kylo asked, feeling bold. “In good time, but not tonight. You’ve had a long night, and I need you to be able to remember all of my instructions for tomorrow.” He tied the condom off even though it was empty. “I need to open myself tomorrow, so you can fuck me when you like. You want me to wear my cage as I do it,” Kylo said, reaching between his legs to touch the metal that was now the same temperature as his skin. “Very good. Keep you legs spread, and I will remove it. Watch carefully because you’ll have to put it on yourself tomorrow.” His master threw out the empty condom and tucked himself back into his pants before resuming his position between Kylo’s legs. Kylo watched him take the key out of his pocket and unlock the padlock. He carefully removed the lock before gently easing Kylo out of the device while also explaining how to put it on. When Kylo was free, his master gently rubbed just above his cock. “Let me get something to clean you up. I didn’t expect you to produce so much,” his master said, referring to the large amount of come that had been milked from him. Kylo looked down at the mess in embarrassment. “Shit, there really is a lot of it,” he said, immediately reaching down, but Tige caught his hand. “Let me,” he said softly. His master didn’t seem to mind though, first cleaning Kylo’s soft cock then the metal cage. When he was finished, he pulled Kylo’s robe closed and laid down beside him. “Tomorrow we will try something new. I don’t want you getting bored with our little playroom, then after tomorrow things will change. Less training and more extensive scenes. Do you feel ready for that?” Tige asked, continuing to touch Kylo affectionately. “I think so,” Kylo said, trying to imagine what his master had in store for him. He was excited. He was also excited to possibly see more of the facility and perhaps find this Hux and Phasma or Hux Phasma/Phasma Hux that they were thinking was important. It was hard to focus on his objective when Tige was holding him and caressing him, but Kylo needed to keep his head. “I look forward to exploring your desires further,” Tige told him, sounding like Kylo was a particularly fascinating puzzle he was slowly putting together on the kitchen table. “You like seeing what makes people tick,” Kylo said. “Very much so. It is my job after all. Not every person that walks through these doors is the same. They all pay to be a slave, but that does not make them similar at all. Some people want to be dominated, some even forcefully. Some want a caring master who builds them up. Some want to be hurt. The list goes on and on. I pride myself on knowing my clients and giving them the best experience to meet their needs. This is why honesty is important.” “And what do I need?” Kylo asked, knowing Tige believed he already knew. Kylo wasn’t so certain. Everything Tige did was wonderful, but Kylo doubted anyone, including himself most days, understood his needs. Tige rolled Kylo to face him, running his fingertips over Kylo’s lips and jaw once he did. “You need to be appreciated, Kylo. You are strong, intelligent, creative. You have so much to offer, and yet the way you lean into a simple caress shows you have not been praised enough. I will enjoy challenging you because I know you will meet each one, and I am not afraid to discipline you because I know you will strive to correct the behavior. But most of all I will enjoy sharing your successes.” Kylo looked away. “You make me sound pathetic and needy,” he said, sitting up with the intention of putting space between them. “You are far from needy, Kylo. In fact, I’d say you expect praise far less than the average person. And as far as pathetic, like I said you seem very capable to me. What you need from me has nothing to do with anything but our time together,” his master said, wrapping an arm around Kylo’s waist and reeling him back in. “You asked me a question. I was honest with you. I don’t punish you for honesty, and I expect the courtesy to be returned,” he whispered against Kylo’s ear before nipping the lobe softly. Kylo sighed, relaxing into the embrace as though his strings had been cut. Tige wielded an incredible power over Kylo’s body, but Kylo’s mind was strong. He couldn’t punish Tige for honesty, but he could punish himself for his own shortcomings. Afterall, he’d been doing so for years. They continued to cuddle and relax together until Kylo was ready to go. Tige led him out to the front office before saying his goodbyes. Ben spent the entire ride home contemplating Tige’s words and trying not to stare at the wooden box that contained the cage he was to wear the next day while completing his master’s tasks. Ben couldn’t imagine confining himself to that thing willingly, but his master had promised new things. Ben didn’t want to put that in jeopardy just because he thought the cage was emasculating. It wasn’t like it had prevented him from enjoying their time tonight. It wasn’t like his master had treated it as a means of degrading him. It wasn’t like he’d thought twice about it while with Tige. It was just now that he was out of there. What would his coworkers think? His parents? There thoughts had never mattered before, but Ben had never had his nuts in a vice before. He did stare at it once he got into his apartment. It really wasn’t that small, and there was a hole so he could urinate while wearing it. It was more like a suit of armor than an iron maiden. “Get over it, Solo. He’s shaved your balls and stuck a wand up your ass then had you hold it while he fucked your face. Having your junk locked up isn’t even in the top ten craziest things you’ll do for this operation, and you know it,” he said out loud as he shut the box and put it on his nightstand. He got ready for bed and laid there for a few minutes in the dark. Things were strange. This operation was strange. He couldn’t just tell Poe what was happening. Objectively, he knew that he probably could. Poe was one of the most open minded people Ben had ever met, but it still felt too personal. It was only a mission. Hell, Tige was being paid to do all this, but it still felt like a breach of some unwritten rule to tell Poe what exactly they did. As if telling Poe would make it all too real. Now it was almost as though Tige met him in his dreams every night and unlocked his hidden desires. If Poe knew then they wouldn’t been hidden anymore, and he’d have to face them. Kylo’s phone buzzed on the nightstand. —Thank you for pleasuring me tonight. I am a very lucky master to have you.— Kylo balled his hand into a fist and looked away from the phone screen. —You don’t need to thank me— He sent the reply and waited, knowing Tige wouldn’t leave it at that. —I wouldn’t be a good master if I ignored how good you are to me. I want you to know you please me. Get plenty of sleep. Tomorrow will be a long night, and I want you well rested.— Kylo read the message twice, feeling a small flutter in his chest as he typed out a reply. —Good night, master— He read his own text, eyes absorbing the word master. He shook his head, trying to ignore the fact that he failed to even call his bosses by their titles. Tige was just different. He knew he should be deeply worried by that thought, but he was too exhausted to beat himself up over it. Instead, he fell into a deep sleep after reading his master’s last text. —Sleep well.— Notes: Chapter warnings: chastity/cock cage, sex toys/vibrators, mention of creampie, restraints/bondage Chapter 6 : Leather Notes: Another chapter I would have liked to get out a lot sooner but didn't have the time to. The next few are all half written, so they should come faster, but I make no promises. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben sat getting grilled by his superiors. Evidently, a week should’ve been enough time to infiltrate and bring down the entire operation. They were full of shit. Ben wanted to gauge their eyes out with his thumbs, but he kept his hands occupied in his lap. “Who is this guy? Do you know anything about him?” Ben could hear the cringe in their tones, likely imagining the awful tortures he was being subjected to. They were glad they weren’t in his shoes, but they also didn’t want to give him the respect for taking this on so they didn’t have to. Ben thought about his master’s speech about control, and he curled his fists around his thumbs and didn’t retort sharply. Fighting with them wasn’t going to get him anywhere but in hot water. “I know he goes by ‘The General,’ and not just with me but with the other masters as well. He also has a tattoo on his forearm. It’s a symbol,” Ben said, sketching the design out on the paper in front of him. His hand shook slightly as he drew it quickly, like his body knew this was some sort of betrayal. Ben reminded himself that his loyalty was to the Bureau not to Tige, but it didn’t settle well. “What’s a tattoo going to do for us? It’s not gang related,” one of his superiors said while examining the design. He tossed it back onto the table in front of Ben like returning an essay Ben had bombed. He half expected them to ask for his mother’s signature, so his humiliation could be witnessed by his already disappointed parents. Ben knew they were just being ridiculous because they didn’t like him. He researched tattoos constantly when they came up in cases. He’d found one guy through his damn tattoo artist, because the design was so unique and the artist posted it on her site. “I don’t know, isn’t that your job to analyze the intelligence?” Poe retorted angrily. “Look, kid, your attitude—” “You’ve got my partner going undercover to cover up your department’s failures. I’m not going to sit back and watch you guys stick your thumbs up each other’s asses and act like your hands are tied. Do your job like everyone else in the room,” Poe was half out of his seat and not backing down. Ben gripped his forearm and shook his head. Now wasn’t the time for a fight. He wanted solid leads before he put himself on the line. Everyone ended up leaving the meeting angry. “Idiots, all of them,” Poe complained as they walked to the office Poe had practically been living in. Ben lifted a dirty sock off the chair in front of Poe’s desk and raised an eyebrow. “Look, I’m running everything you send me...and Finn still has months left in the academy, so the house feels really empty without him,” Poe admitted. “I thought he was new.” “Define new?” “Like two months when you told me you met someone,” Ben told him, narrowing his eyes at his partner. “He sort of moved in two months ago, right before he left for the academy,” Poe said, turning his computer on. Ben shook his head. “And how long have you been dating?” he asked, not really wanting to know the answer. “About a year?” Poe said, steamrolling on before Ben could argue. “Look, I couldn’t tell anyone. I didn’t want to ruin his chances of becoming an agent. You know how they can be.” “I’m your partner…” “I didn’t mean to hide it, but you were in the middle of a rough patch and a string of failed relationships. I just didn’t want to upset you,” Poe said, holding his hands up. “When did my parents find out?” Ben asked. Poe winced, and Ben nearly threw the paperweight on the edge of Poe’s desk across the room. “When?” he demanded when Poe didn’t immediately respond. Poe sighed. “I took him back to my place after our first date, and we ran into your dad in the gym in the morning.” “Which means you had dinner with him and my parents, what? A week later?” Ben asked, knowing how his mother could be. “That night…” “Right. And you told me ten months later...give or take.” “I’m really sorry, Ben.” “I’m just going to head back to my place. Big night tonight according to my guy. So, have fun living here while your boyfriend is in the academy,” Ben said, getting up and walking to the door. “Ben, please . I’ve got your back. You’re my partner. I just really wanted to be sure about this guy before I said anything. I think he’s the one, Ben. I—” “I never said I wasn’t happy for you, Poe. I just wish that being willing to take a bullet for you meant you trusted me with your personal life as much as you do my fucking parents. This is exactly why I hate you living with them!” Ben felt himself losing control. “I don’t live with them…” “You introduced your boyfriend to them over mom’s signature pasta after the first date!” “We actually ordered pizza,” Poe said. Ben stared at him, just blinking slowly. “I don’t think mom has ever let me eat pizza for dinner in her house. I...I’m just going to leave. Good luck researching the tat. See you tomorrow, Poe.” “Ben?” “What?” Ben asked, already half out the door. “We’re going to be okay?” “Yeah, Poe. We’ll be fine. I’ll get over it,” Ben said, walking out the door and feeling a small hole in his heart. He knew Poe didn’t mean to do it, but that hole still festered. Ben could never compete with his parents—not for Poe’s friendship and certainly not as an agent. Ben went home and forced himself into the cage before running a bath and roughly opening himself up. He wanted Tige to be rough with him tonight. He wanted to be punished. Maybe it would let out some of the anger he was feeling. Ben didn’t stop to examine how much of himself he was putting into this. He didn’t think about how when things went wrong, he turned to his master’s rules and wisdom. Ben just tried not to think because if he thought too hard, he was going to scream. --- Kylo’s simmering anger left him when he was brought to his master’s playroom that evening. Just the anticipation of being with his master soothed some of the stress of the day. His master was dressed quite sharply when Kylo entered the playroom. He had on a pair of knee high riding boots and a pair of black pants that hugged his legs and looked soft as suede. Kylo was actually surprised by how muscular his master’s legs looked when most of him was very streamline. The pants also left little to the imagination where his crotch was concerned. Above the waist, he wore a soft looking button up which was quite tight and tucked neatly into his pants. The sleeves were rolled up to show his tattoo again. He was wearing his leather gloves, and in his hand was a riding crop. The smooth leather handle fit perfectly into his palm. Kylo’s eyes continued to rove upward until he got to his master’s preferred mask and a small hat that made him look like some sort of drill instructor. “Thank you for being on time,” his master said, walking to the square of carpet that Kylo always went to. He realized that it had been trained into him without his notice. “Of course, sir,” Kylo said, bowing his head slightly. “Tonight is very important, and we don’t have much time to prepare. Take off your undergarments and spread your arms and legs,” his master ordered. Kylo didn’t ask what was so important about this evening. That was his master’s concern. Instead, Kylo bent to remove his underwear and folded them before placing them down on the carpet. He rose again and spread his arms and legs. “Very good,” his master praised him. There was no caress, but the words alone had the same effect on him. His master walked around him. Kylo was prepared when his master stood behind him and pressed his fingers to the small of his back. Kylo bent at the waist and let himself be inspected. The familiarity of the routine was soothing. “How did you prepare yourself today?” his master asked, pressing one finger into Kylo and meeting little resistance. “When I came home from work, I put on the cage and took a bath. I worked up to three fingers over about a half an hour,” Kylo told him. “Bowel movements?” his master asked. Kylo ignored the embarrassment he would ordinarily feel at such a personal question. “This morning, sir.” “Very good. Please get on your hands and knees,” his master told him. Kylo obeyed, and he easily followed his master’s instructions as his master reached between his legs and stroked him lightly. “Face to the floor.” Kylo lowered his face to the floor, expecting to be mounted. That had been the purpose of the order to always be ready for him. However, his master simply spread his cheeks again then backed off. “Go into the bathroom and resume this position on the mat in there,” his master ordered. Kylo wondered if his preparations had been found wanting. Kylo went and his master joined him, going through the cabinets quickly. He knelt behind Kylo and rubbed his lower back as he placed things out on the floor. Kylo flinched as he heard something being sprayed then he felt cool shaving cream between his cheeks. “Steady,” his master said as though he was soothing a nervous horse. He even ran his fingers down Kylo’s flank as he said it. Kylo held himself steady as he was shaved then cleaned. The act of being shaved hadn’t gotten any less erotic over the week, and he felt himself harden. That alone was a treat after being confined to the cage whenever he might be aroused for the last twenty-four hours. “Stand. We’ll fix the mess you made of yourself,” his master said once he was done. His tone was just sharp enough to send another jolt of arousal through him. Kylo still didn’t understand his body’s response to his master’s humiliation, but he let himself feel it without shame. Kylo stood and watched his master trim then shave his crotch again, enjoying every touch and stroke. The shape of the hair changed to a more streamline triangle, but it look just as neat as the first time. His master’s light caresses before and after tackling Kylo’s testicles were well worth the danger of the act itself. His master was giving his version of a smile when he straightened back up to look Kylo in the eye. “If I didn’t know any better, I would believe that you did a poor job of this so I would be forced to do it for you,” he said, running his fingers through the freshly trimmed patch of hair, so Kylo knew it wasn’t a rebuke. “Perhaps if you are well behaved throughout each week, I will trim you myself on our maintenance days,” he said thoughtfully before walking over to the sink and cleaning up. He didn’t ask for Kylo’s input, but Kylo liked the idea more than he’d be willing to admit anyway. “Tonight is important because it marks the end of your training. We will be gathering with the rest of the masters and their slaves for weekly maintenance. You will be presented to the others and inspected. No one else has permission to lay so much as a finger on you, but I will present you to them. It is a way of showing off how exceptional our slaves are. Then we will break into smaller groups and go to a private playroom where each master will complete maintenance for the week’s little indiscretions that were not enough for punishment on their own. We do this in smaller groups of individuals with a similar number of infractions. This is a public exercise to correct your behavior because public shame is more potent, but also to reassure you that everyone makes mistakes, and you are not alone nor are you the worst slave to ever pass through those doors. You are learning just like the rest. As I said, it is a very important evening, and I expect the best behavior. Is this understood?” his master asked, walking around Kylo holding a bottle of oil. He poured some out onto his now bare palm and spread it over Kylo’s chest. “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed. “I’m very proud of you, and I want to show the others just how good you are. I have some things for you to wear. Everyone will be on a lead, so I will have you on one as well. I expect I do not need to leash train you?” “No, sir.” “This will be group play. Are you comfortable with that?” his master asked, spreading the oil over his chest and down over his stomach and thighs. It was cool against his skin, but the slick way his master’s fingers slid over his nipples sent fire straight to his belly. “I will be with you?” asked softly, trying not to give away how turned on he was already. “Of course. I will be no further than a lead’s length away at all times, and as I said no one but me has permission to touch you, not even other masters,” he reassured Kylo, taking him in hand and spreading oil over his cock and testicles as well. “Yes, sir. I am comfortable,” Kylo told him. “Thank you for asking for clarification. Do you remember group play rules?” his master asked, stroking him gently still. Kylo paused, trying to think about the rules his master had slowly given over their week together. It was hard to have any coherent thoughts when his master was touching him like this. “Would you like me to go over them for you because this is our first time?” his master asked, still stroking him. He wasn’t upset that Kylo couldn’t recall them immediately. “Please, sir.” “Of course. You are not to touch another slave unless directly ordered to by myself. I will consult with any other masters, but my word is final. No slave or master is to touch you without my explicit permission, and I will verbally inform you prior to opening play to others.” His master continued to spread the oil over his body as he spoke, bending to smooth it over Kylo’s thighs and all the way down to his feet. “If someone breaks these rules whether slave or master, you will inform me immediately and I will deal with it. If you feel unsafe or uncomfortable, you will utilize your safeword, and I will bring you back here and take care of you. I have many duties tonight, but you are most important, and nothing I have to do comes before your safety. Is that understood?” His master straightened up and and touched Kylo’s jaw. “Yes, sir.” “As for you. I do not give verbal reprimands during group play. Your behavior in group play directly impacts everyone in the room, so bad behavior is dealt with swiftly. I carry the crop, and I promise you will not repeat a behavior if I use the crop on you. If you ignore the physical reprimand, or your behavior is exceptionally dangerous, I will physically removed you from play. I have had slaves scoff at this. I assure you that I will do it. I do not need to be larger than you to bring you to you knees and drag you out of a scene. I also don’t expect that to be a problem. Do you understand?” His grip on Kylo’s jaw became more insistent, demanding attention and respect. “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed, though his mind tried to imagine his master bringing him to his knees. He didn’t doubt that the crop would be used to its full potential in such a situation. “Turn around, so I can get your back. Then we will go get you ready,” his master told him. His master quickly covered his back in oil as well, working his hands lower and cupping Kylo’s ass to massage the oil there. Kylo shivered as he master bent him forward just slightly and poured the oil right onto the small of his back. Kylo could feel it flow down over his ass and along the cleft of his ass. He moaned softly as his master’s finger followed the oil before squeezing his ass gently. “My masterpiece,” his master praised as he finished up. Then he led Kylo back into the playroom and over to the bed. There was a black towel laid out on the bedspread, and it had several items laid out on it. Kylo recognized the lead, the harness, and the cuffs. There was also a small leather strap and what Kylo thought was a butt plug. It was bigger than any he’d seen up close and personal which sent a little thrill down his spine. His master helped him into the leather harness. It had a pair of straps that connected to the front and back of his collar so that if his master used the lead, it would diffuse the impact while also pulling him bodily. When the harness was on and adjusted to fit him comfortably, his master knelt in front of him with the leather strap. He opened the strap of leather and fastened it around the base of Kylo’s cock and behind his balls. It was snug, but not so tight as to set off warning bells. “Turn around and spread your legs shoulder width apart,” his master told him. Kylo swallowed thickly as he turned and spread his legs. His master lifted the metal plug with the thick cone-like end to it. “Don’t clench. This shouldn’t hurt if you’ve prepared yourself. It should make you feel full, and it has a weight to it. Relax,” his master told him, stroking his inner thigh with his thumb. Kylo forced himself to relax. He felt his master’s thumb and forefinger spreading him open, then he felt the warmth of lube being spread over his hole. The plug was also warm as his master circled his hole with it. His master hadn’t lied, and it slid in slowly but not painfully. His master pressed the plug in enough that Kylo felt the gradual increase in girth of it, but he pulled it back before sliding it a little further. Kylo felt himself become harder even though he was wearing the strap around his cock. He felt fuller and heavier than usual as his master continued to work the plug in carefully, making sure to get Kylo aroused in the process. Kylo moaned softly when the plug finally spread him as wide as it could before sinking into place. His master adjusted it slightly which spent sparks of pleasure radiating through him. “Very good. I see you were very thorough today. I am pleased,” his master said, stroking both of Kylo’s cheeks before rising. Kylo kept his mouth closed. He wasn’t about to mention that he’d been so thorough because he’d needed a distraction from work, or that he’d been so rough with himself that he’d had to stop and think about his master’s touch to calm himself down. None of that mattered right now. “Turn to face me again,” his master told him, and Kylo followed the order. He would need to get used to the plug and the ring. They both left him a little breathless when he tried to move. His master smiled at him before collecting his own gloves and crop again. When he returned, he picked up the lead and attached it to Kylo’s collar. “You will follow me just behind my left shoulder. I do not drag my pets. You will keep pace with me. The only time I want this lead taut is if I am giving you a direction. I do not demand attention with a lead. I expect my slaves to always give me their full attention, so a verbal command is all that is necessary. If you fight the lead, I will attach it to the cock ring. You will learn very quickly to follow directions if I am forced to do that. Do you understand?” his master asked him. “Yes, sir,” he said, looking down at the D ring fastened right at the top of the leather cock ring. He shuddered thinking about how painful it would be to be led by his dick. “Very good. You will not be permitted to come during group time. The ring will help any control slips. If you feel that you can’t hold it, you must inform me. I do not anticipate this being a problem, but I want to cover everything. If you are on your best behavior, there will be rewards when we return to our own room.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, and he was rewarded with a gentle pat on the hip. “Follow,” his master said before leading the way out of the room. It wasn’t easy to fall into step with him when he had the plug sitting heavily inside him. His walk was more of a waddle at first, completely unused to such a feeling. His master hadn’t told him to look at the floor, so Kylo looked around cautiously as they walked. He made quick mental notes of landmarks as they went down to the main gathering area. When they got there, only one master and slave were already there. It seemed to be the Captain. “General,” she greeted, giving Kylo’s master a slight nod. “Good evening, Captain. I see you are ahead of schedule as usual,” his master spoke appreciatively. Kylo felt something akin to jealousy churn in his belly at his master’s tone. “Of course, and you have your slave trained impeccably as always,” she replied with a compliment of equal weight. His master said nothing, but he did turn just enough to stroke Kylo’s jaw. The Captain kept her slave on a very tight leash, and they remained kneeling at her feet which were covered in fine leather boots with towering stiletto heels. She stood on them easily which impressed Kylo more than her tremendous height. “Follow,” his master said softly, and Kylo did as they began to move again. His master led him to a supply closet, and took out his keys to unlock the door. “Pick up the mats and we will place them for the others,” his master said when the door was opened to reveal a stack of carpet squares. There were also paddles, whips, and crops hanging along the back wall. The side of the cabinet housed more boxes of condoms and lube than Kylo had ever seen in one place. There were also packages of diapers, puppy pads, wipes, lotion, and first aid kits. Kylo lifted the stack of mats easily, and allowed his master to lead him around the open room. His master would stop when he needed Kylo to place one down, and Kylo would do so neatly. When all of the mats were set up in two circles, one within the other, he was led back to the closet. His master removed two first aid kits as well as three puppy pads. He said nothing as he guided Kylo back to the circles and placed them down in the slightly larger gaps. He put the first aid kits on the side, but close enough to the circles that they were easily accessed. Kylo watched as the Captain led her slave to the center of the circles and attached their lead to a loop in the floor. The lead left very little slack for the slave, and they were forced to kneel with their face to the floor. Kylo felt himself begin to sweat just thinking about being in that position. He could see the plug in their round ass. The base of the plug had a red gem on it, and their ass was a rosy pink that said they’d been spanked recently. It was a vulnerable position especially in a room full of strangers. “You are very still,” his master noted, standing very close to Kylo. “Sorry, sir.” “Everyone is inspected. You will simply be one of many. Nothing to fret over.” “Yes, sir.” “I do not present anything but impeccable slaves, so you have nothing to worry about,” his master told him. Kylo could hear the pride in his voice, and it soothed something in him. “And, only my opinion matters, so you need not think of anyone else. Certainly not the other slaves.” Others began to filter in after that. Some walked behind their masters while others crawled on all fours. Every slave wore the same harness and those with cocks wore rings around them, but each slave was clearly different. Some were waxed of all hair but that on their face and head. Others wore cages over their cocks. Two with cages were led to the pads on the floor instead of the carpet squares. One wore a diaper while another wore a plug with a tail that wagged as they crawled. Some who had piercings wore chains that connected the piercings. One had a ring through the head of their cock which attached to the rings through their nipples as well. Another person had a gag beneath their mask. Kylo was surprised by the array of individuals who were all made to kneel in their own place. His master stood stoically beside him with his crop tucked in the crook of his elbow. When the final pair entered, the General commanded Kylo to kneel. As soon as Kylo was down, his master’s fingers found their way into Kylo’s hair petting him gently. None of the other masters carried crops or whips or paddles, not even the Captain. Kylo wondered if the General was in charge as the others all greeted him formally when they arrived. Several gave their compliments to his master about Kylo, and he always nodded as he touched Kylo gently. When all of the spaces were filled, silence fell over the gathering. “Good evening masters,” Kylo’s master addressed the group. “Tonight marks our first communal gathering with our new slaves. It pleases me to see that we have all made it tonight. As you know, inspection and maintenance are an important part of our time, and it is an honor to be able to share our success with each other just as it is to share our shortcomings. This evening will allow us to do both. First, I will invite you to present your slave for group inspection. The Captain has so graciously offered to present her slave first, but from there I will call you either by title or name. I trust all of my masters, but you know the rules. I do not take infractions lightly. Now, let us begin.” His master turned to the Captain who stood beside the center mat. “Thank you, General. I present to you my slave. They are completely shaved,” she said, stepping between their legs and forcing them apart. From behind Kylo could clearly see the red jewel plug and their soft cock hanging between their thighs. “While they have required extensive discipline, I can report that they are on track and learning quickly.” “Excellent, Captain,” Kylo’s master said. Several of the other masters clapped softly. “May I invite you to personally inspect the slave?” the Captain offered. “If you wish me to,” his master replied. Kylo tensed. “Follow,” his master told him, walking forward and stopping just a couple feet away from the slave who was still tethered to the floor. Kylo knelt patiently, watching the other person as the Captain removed their plug and held them wide open for his master to see them. Then the Captain had their slave sit up and present their cock. They were still soft and didn’t respond when the Captain lifted it to present their balls. Kylo concentrated on his master’s reactions. He complimented the Captain and offered advice when he found something lacking, which wasn’t often. “Are you being certain to lubricate the inside of the latex?” his master asked, scrutinizing the slave’s uncut cock. Kylo couldn’t help but study the other slave’s cock as his master brought attention to it. There was mild chaffing on it that made Kylo’s body clench in sympathy. “Yes, but they insist on humping everything when I have them pleasure me,” the Captain replied. His master hummed thoughtfully for a moment. “Either have them wear a properly lubricated condom or a cage at all times. I don’t want that becoming an abrasion.” “Yes, sir.” The Captain didn’t sound annoyed at all by the instructions. The rest of the masters seemed to hang on his every word though. “Thank you, Captain,” his master said, leading Kylo back to his square. “Next, Lieutenant,” his master said, pointing to a master with dark hair and a slave with breasts that hung heavily between the straps of the harness and swayed as they crawled. “Thank you, General,” the Lieutenant said, trading places with the Captain. The Lieutenant presented his slave as well before inviting the General to inspect the slave personally. Once again, Kylo was led forward and forced to sit and watch as his master looked over another slave and gave pointers. They continued through the group. Most masters asked Kylo’s to personally inspect their slave, though some did not. Kylo wondered if that was because they didn’t want his master to see their slaves shortcomings or because their slave would not react well to it. His master only touched one of the fifteen slaves he inspected. They shook nervously as he approached with Kylo, and Kylo’s master asked if he could touch the slave. Their master agreed, and Kylo’s master simply cupped their jaw as they were inspected. They were thin with small breasts and wide hips, and they wore a full chastity belt that their master carefully removed to reveal that it was equipped with two plugs. Kylo was surprised that the slave stopped shaking just from his master’s soft touch, but he knew he would’ve as well if his master did that to him. “A sympathetic hand, Sergeant,” Kylo’s master told the younger master. “They must feel safe, or they cannot be expected to flourish. This is not private play, and you must be prepared to change your technique to accommodate.” “Yes, sir. Thank you, sir,” the master said, running his gloved fingers down his slaves back. She practically melted at the touch. “There,” Kylo’s master said softly, encouraging the other master to continue to caress his slave. “Being a gentle master doesn’t make you a weak master. Very good. A beautiful slave,” Kylo’s master said, before stepping back. “I want you to do your weekly maintenance in your private playroom when we are done here. I expect you will not increase their punishment as this is a direct order from me and does not reflect on their behavior at all.” “Yes, sir,” the master said, bowing his head respectfully. Finally, Kylo was led up to the square at the center. His master didn’t tether him to the floor, but he quietly told Kylo to keep his head down and spread his legs. His master addressed the group, “As you know, I do not always take on my own slave. I like to be available to all of my officers should a question or problem arise, but I felt this was a special case and I decided to take him on. As many of you also know, I loathe leash training. Kylo responds to verbal commands as well as physical touch,” his master told the group. He touched the small of Kylo’s back and Kylo raised his ass slightly to present it. “Kylo was unaccustomed to penetration prior to our time together, but with patience he can now take fingers and a moderately sized plug. I ensure my slaves take time out of their day to explore themselves and open themselves for me. It is important that my slaves understand their own bodies. Some of you want to keep yours from touching or exploring themselves. I suggest asking them to take time to focus on their body without touch. Even being aware of it is very important for self regulation.” His master continued to lecture and explain as he removed the plug and demonstrated that Kylo could in fact easily take several fingers. Then he replaced the plug and presented Kylo’s cock to the group. One master raised their hand as Kylo’s master held his cock in hand, stroking him slowly until he was fully erect again. “Yes, Major?” “How do you prevent their size from becoming an issue?” they asked. They too had a well endowed slave. Kylo felt a strange tingle at being scrutinized so intently by the group of masters. He could feel every eye staring at his cock, and he was grateful that his master had trimmed and prepped him for this. “Patience. We instill patience in our slaves, and it is important to have it ourselves. If size is an issue, you either need to spend more time preparing your slave, yourself, or your scene. If you cannot possibly accommodate your slave’s size, I suggest finding creative ways around it.” When his master finished his presentation, he told masters to report to their designated rooms. The crowd immediately began to disperse, and once again Kylo found himself being led toward the Captain and her slave. “Everything is prepared in the rooms?” his master asked. “Yes, and refreshments will be in each room by the time we return to them,” she replied. “Very good, I know I can always trust you to have things under control.” “Of course,” she said. “Excellent presentation. I know the young ones always love to hear what you have to say. They idolize you.” “They will learn to be confident in their own work.” “Today’s training exercises went very well. I’m sorry you had to miss it.” “I am too, but other matters required my immediate attention,” his master said, adjusting the crop under his arm. Kylo listened intently to their banter as they led the way to the more private playroom. He tried to remember everything they said while also noting where they were going. The slave beside him was forced to crawl and was never given slack on their lead. Kylo was grateful for his own master’s practices, though the other slave didn’t seem distraught by their circumstances. The room they entered was dimly lit, but the lighting showcased a folding chair as well as a pair of chains hanging above it. One of the slaves that had been on a pad was there as well as a slave with a gag. The final slave was covered in tattoos and had their piercings connected via chain. “Kneel,” Kylo’s master said when they took their place in the small group. “Who would like to go first?” “I will, General,” the Captain volunteered again. She received a nod as she led her slave to the front. She pulled them up, and attached their wrist cuffs to the chains above, forcing the slaves arms up over their head. “What is something you could have improved this week?” she asked her slave. “I forgot directions several times,” they replied. “General, may I?” she asked his permission. “You may choose from the display,” Kylo’s master said, motioning to a table off to the side. Kylo looked and saw several crops, paddles, hairbrushes, and whips on it. He felt his body tingle as he realized he would experience one of those. Kylo watched as the captain went to the table and studied each item before choosing a paddle that was about two inches wide. She circled her slave patting the paddle against her gloved palm before using it on their already rosy ass. The slave cried out as each hit sounded like it stung. Kylo’s body responded to the sounds of impact and distress, making his cock throb in the confines of the ring. Each hit sent a jolt up Kylo’s spine. When the next slave was draped over their master’s legs, Kylo felt a drop of precome on his cock as he watched the master give the first hit of the brush while the plug was still in the slave’s ass. The slave whimpered loudly, and Kylo’s ass tightened around the plug in sympathy, but that only served to turn him on more. Kylo soon understood why the caged slave was constantly over a pad when they were brought up for their turn. They remained on their hands and knees, attached to another loop in the floor. After the second smack of the padde, Kylo saw them begin to leak onto the pad beneath them. It wasn’t a heavy flow, but it was a steady dribble. The secondhand humiliation left Kylo flushed and breathless. Kylo felt embarrassingly aroused when he was led to the chair. His master gave him a scrutinizing look as he sat in the chair and commanded Kylo to lie over his legs. His master ran his hand soothingly over Kylo’s back. “What could you have improved this week?” his master asked. “Following directions,” Kylo replied. “Yes, but you’ve already been punished for that. How do I know you won’t disregard my directions anymore?” his master asked, still stroking his back. “You spanked me, so I would remember that the next time I was in that situation.” “Exactly, and how do I know you won’t greedily touch yourself when you do not have permission?” “I have to wear my cage whenever I touch myself at home.” “Very good. So, what is something else you could have improved that I have not already given you specific discipline for?” Kylo thought about it. It wasn’t easy. He tried to think of things that didn’t get caresses or verbal praise. He hung his head. “Grooming.” “Yes, your grooming leaves much to be desired,” his master agreed, raising his gloved hand and bringing it down on Kylo’s ass. Kylo saw stars as the plug shifted in him still. He choked back a cry as his master hit him five times before soothing his palm over Kylo’s ass. Kylo couldn’t see the other slaves and masters as he was facing away from them, but he imagined their eyes glued to his tender ass. It only made the experience that much more dizzying. Were they enjoying his humiliation as he’d enjoyed theirs? “Is there anything else that could use improvement?” his master asked. “I can’t remember, sir.” “Very well. Relax.” Kylo tried to remain relaxed as the plug slowly stretched him again. It wasn’t free for more than a moment before his master slapped him repeatedly. Kylo was leaking on his master’s boot and a complete wreck when the General finally stopped. Kylo hung limply over his legs as his master rubbed his back and shoulders. He’d only barely stopped himself from coming all over his master’s leg. As it was, he was still covered in more precome than he thought himself capable of producing. The General tsked as here placed the plug and helped Kylo up and over to his spot. The last slave received the switch and Kylo gripped his master’s boot as he watched the master bring it down right over the slave’s hole. Kylo’s master looked down at him instantly, then he brought his hand down to Kylo’s face and covered his eyes. It didn’t prevent Kylo from hearing the slave’s cries which fueled his body’s reactions, but it was enough of a distraction and he didn’t embarrass them both. Though Kylo doubted anyone could miss the amount of precome he’d smeared on his master’s boot. “You enjoy pain and humiliation, whether or not it’s your own,” his master said as they walked on their own back to the playroom once the groups had dispersed. “I’m sorry, sir,” Kylo told him. His master had wiped him clean with one of the wipes from the closet right in front of the group when they were finished. Then he’d had Kylo clean his boots by licking his own fluids off of them. It had been humiliating because now they all knew he’d almost gotten off on their punishments. None of the masters seemed concerned by that though. “I don’t expect you to know everything your body is going to respond to, Kylo. I told you to let me know if you were going to come, and you followed the direction. That is all I ask.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, still feeling unsteady and overly aroused as they walked slowly, due to the plug in his ass making him have to fight a moan with each step. “We will explore this development if you like.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed, feeling a flutter of anticipation. “Go into the bathroom and wait for me,” his master told him once he’d opened the playroom door. Kylo followed the directions and waited until his master entered. “You did very well tonight other than that hiccup. Would you prefer a bath or to be wiped clean?” his master asked. “I will not be joining you in the tub tonight, so don’t think you can cleverly coax me in.” “Wipe,” Kylo said, not wanting to be submerged because he knew it would make his ass hurt more. His master cleaning him with a warm washcloth, scrubbing away the oil and sweat from Kylo’s skin. He praised Kylo for following directions and told him how proud he was of him. “It will become routine. If watching maintenance becomes too distracting, I will have you wear your cage for it. I want you to focus on the purpose of it. Everyone can improve even if you had a good week. During inspection, I take time to help point out how the masters can improve, and I have slaves do the same during maintenance.” “Yes, sir.” “But, now it is just us, and you made me very proud. That deserves a reward,” his master said, slowly sinking to his knees in front of Kylo and stroking him. Kylo bit his bottom lip and watched as his master removed a condom from his pants pocket. He rolled it onto Kylo and suckled softly at the head, driving Kylo mad. He cupped Kylo’s balls as he teased him, and there was little Kylo could do but hold himself upright. His master’s mouth had not lost its skill in the week they had been seeing each other, and Kylo felt the dizzying rush of arousal course through him at his master’s touch. Combine with the images of his fellow slaves being disciplined, the pleasure of his master’s mouth was too much. Kylo barely lasted long enough for his master to reach between his legs and tease the plug still nestled between his cheeks. As soon as his master put pressure on it, Kylo’s balls tightened and he came into the latex barrier with a sob. He hadn’t realized just how much he’d needed that until he felt as though all of the tension in his body flowed out with his release. “Thank you, sir,” he sighed, as he struggled to stay upright. His master rose and wrapped his arms around Kylo to steady him. “Training isn’t just about punishing mistakes. I much prefer rewarding good behavior and effort. Remember that,” his master told him, caressing his back until Kylo had stopped swaying. He reached down then as carefully eased the plug out of Kylo. He brought it over to the sink and left it on the vanity. “I have one more thing I need to do tonight, Kylo. I want you to removed your condom, tie it, and dispose of it. Then I want you to go into the other room and kneel on your mat.” Kylo bowed his head and did as he was asked. He knelt on the floor and waited. He could see his master cleaning the plug in the other room, but then his master disappeared from view. When he returned, he was wiping his gloves on a small hand towel. Kylo watched him walk toward him. His figure was beautiful from the boots to the hat. He lifted up the crop again and walked over to Kylo. He pointed the crop down between Kylo’s legs and tapped his balls very lightly. It was a show of power and a test of trust, but neither of them flinched. “Kylo, do I have your attention?” his master asked. “Yes, sir.” His master tucked the crop beneath his arm and reached forward to unfasten Kylo’s collar. Kylo flinched. He thought he’d done well. He couldn’t be set loose now, and it had nothing to do with his job. The question ‘why’ was on the tip of his tongue, but his master shushed him soothingly. “Don’t worry. This is why I want your attention on me. Nothing bad is happening. Do I look upset? Is my body language disapproving?” “No, sir,” Kylo told him. “All of the slaves get these collars. We buy them in bulk. They’re cheap and hardly worth what we spend on them, but they get the point across. You belong to us. When I finish training my slaves, I gift them a new one. One that I make personally which I think suits my slave and their personality or needs,” his master told him as he pulled the old collar away and tossed it into the trash can near the bed. Kylo watched as his master walked over to the side table and lifted up the wooden box that he previously contained his cage. His master opened it slowly and removed a buttery looking black leather collar. It looked so soft as his master ran it over his gloved palm. It was wide, probably an inch and a half if not more, but it was simple. Just a strip of black leather and a fastening for a lead. Then his master turned it over to show him the inside. Kylo’s eyes widened as he saw the interior leather was a deep cherry red that had been personally stamped. The indentation read: Property of Hux. Kylo trembled at the implication of wearing the collar. This had been made for him by his master himself. Wearing this was an honor and the ultimate sign of his master’s possession. “You are mine, Kylo. No other master here will question that, but between us I want you to know that you are mine always. You need not flaunt my brand, but I want you to wear it close,” his master said, holding the beautifully crafted collar up for inspection. “Will you wear it?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him breathlessly, wondering how anyone would say no to such a gift. No one had ever claimed him. No one had ever made it know that he was theirs so utterly, and certainly no one had ever allowed him to claim them with such a tangible display. Kylo nearly headbutted his master in an attempt to help his master reach behind his head, so his master could fasten the collar around his neck. “Calm. I won’t take it away,” his master assured him, reaching behind Kylo’s head to wrap the collar around his neck. “There we are. Don’t stretch your neck out, or it will be too tight,” his master told him, pressing a finger between Kylo’s neck and the collar as he adjusted it. He buckled it and ran his fingers over Kylo’s throat. Kylo bit his bottom lip at how soft and wonderful the leather felt on his skin. “Mine,” his master said, stroking Kylo’s jaw. Kylo felt tears in his eyes as his master guided him up into an embrace. Learning that his master was none other than Hux weighed far less on his mind that the feel of his master’s touch. His master stroked his back and hair before leading him to the bed and lying down with him. Kylo didn’t know how much time passed as they touched each other and rocked against each other. He never got hard again, and neither did his master. They shared comfort instead of arousal, but it left Kylo just as breathless when his master finally slipped out of his arms. He came back with food and water as well as ointment for his tender ass. Tige soothed the ointment onto his skin as Kylo ate the fruit that had been left in their room. When Kylo was full and sleepy, Tige laid beside him rubbing his belly. “There are rules that come with the collar, Kylo. I let my slaves take the collar with them if they like. You can wear it whenever you wish, but you aren’t obligated to when you aren’t here. Once you walk into the warehouse, you must wear it though. I do not replace collars. This collar is your responsibility. If you lose it, you will not get another. The same goes if you destroy it.” “I understand, sir,” Kylo told him. “It is not mandatory, but I would like it if you wore it when you prepare yourself. Let it be a reminder of why you are preparing yourself.” “Yes, sir.” Kylo didn’t ever want to take it off, but if he had to he could at least wear it whenever he touched himself. “Thank you,” Tige told him softly. “You made me proud tonight.” Kylo was light as a feather as he dressed that night and went to his car. When he got home, he stood in front of the mirror wearing nothing but the collar. He touched it reverently as he turned to look at the vibrant color of his ass. Even that brought warmth to his chest. It was just another symbol of his belonging. He was Tige’s. When Kylo went back to his room and turned down his sheets, he saw that a message waited for him. —Sleep well, knowing you are mine— Kylo slept deeply that night, forgetting his reports, the Bureau, and his disappointing personal life for a blissful few hours. Notes: Chapter warnings: public punishment, chastity, public humiliation, public inspection, brief allusions to pet play, crops, paddles, blowjobs, collars, brief mentions of public urination, butt plugs, grooming, humiliation kink, maintenance (bdsm). Chapter 7 : Sadism/Masochism Notes: Thank you again for all of the awesome encouragement and kind words! I'm so blown away by people's response to this story. I hope everyone continues to enjoy it as it complete gets way longer than I anticipated. Warnings are at the end of the chapter as always, and just a general note, this chapter involves a fairly intense scene (at least I thought so when I wrote it, but now after editing it to death I can't tell anymore because I read it several times), so if you have any squicks and triggers even if you don't usually check the warnings maybe this chapter would be a good one to glance at it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben woke feeling better than he had in months. He rolled over on his side as he stretched and his eyes landed on the collar his master had given him. His chest tightened for a second as he reached out to run his fingers over it where it rested on the nightstand. His heart calmed as he felt the soft leather beneath his fingertips. It was just as smooth as he remembered it being the night before. He lifted it off the small table and held it in his hands reverently. —Property of Hux— The name was more impactful this morning. His master was none other than the man they were looking for. It made sense with how he seemed to run the gathering and the amount of respect he was given. “Fuck,” Ben cursed as his chest constricted again. This symbol of his master’s pride in him was evidence—important evidence at that. Hux had made it himself, and it contained his name, and it was undeniably a tool of the trade. Ben turned the strip of leather over in his hands, tracing the brand with his fingertip. He squeezed his eyes closed and lifted the collar to fasten it around his neck. He glanced at the time, but he had plenty before he had to check in. Ben got off the bed and walked over to the bathroom where he’d left his cage. He picked it up off the vanity and cleaned it before taking a piss then tucking himself into it. He looked at his phones when he came out of the bathroom, and he had messages waiting on both of them. — Dude, I know you’re pissed at me, but let me know you’re okay. I was up half the night waiting for your report— Ben sighed, sending a quick reply to Poe. —It was a heavy night. I was exhausted when I got back. I got some good intel though. See you in a few hours— He tossed the work phone back on the bed, but he carried Kylo’s personal phone with him. He thought about the message from his master hesitantly as he stepped into his closet to get dressed. The anticipation of what his master had to say left him wanting to read it immediately, but a part of him wanted to save it and savor the knowledge that he had a message waiting. Ben opened the message from his master anyway, unwilling to wait and knowing his master always responded right away to him. — I hope you slept well last night. You will need your strength in the coming days. Now that you have completed training, I will expect you to serve me as I see fit. Since I am very busy, I will leave directions for you. I will meet you tonight at exactly ten o’clock, and I will expect your chores to be completed. I look forward to showing you one of the warehouse’s most elaborate sections. We will be working there a lot this week. Have a good day. I look forward to our time together tonight— Ben aborted his plan to get dressed as he read his master's message and instead began to dig through his luggage which he’d only half unpacked since he'd started this operation. Deep in the bag of odds and ends, he found the tiny black plug that one of his ex-girlfriends had bought him when she realized that he enjoyed anal stimulation. It wasn’t anything like the one that his master had him wear. This one he could slid in with minimal effort, and it wasn’t heavy at all. However, it was just enough to leave him feeling pleasantly full, and it could be worn fairly long without causing him pain or discomfort. Ben grabbed his phone and texted his master. —May I wear a plug while I work today?— As always, his master’s response was not long in coming. — I want a picture of it before I decide. Have it in your hand for scale— Ben picked the plug up and quickly opened the camera. He took three pictures before he was satisfied with one, and he sent it right away. — Where did you get this?— —Ex-girlfriend— Ben wasn’t afraid of admitting that to his master. He’d hidden it from plenty of other partners, afraid of their jealousy. — She had good taste. You may wear it so long as you wear the cage. I won’t tolerate any slips in control. Do NOT wear it all day. You may wear it for an hour or two, but then you must remove it and give your body a break. I don’t care if you are in the middle of a conference full of people. If it becomes uncomfortable, you are to remove it immediately and let me know— Ben smiled as he read the directions. — And clean it properly. I can clearly see lint on it in this picture. Disgusting.— —Thank you, sir— Ben texted back. — You are welcome, Kylo— Ben went to the bathroom and cleaned the plug thoroughly. His master had sent toy cleaner back with the cage, insisting that just because it wasn’t going inside him didn’t mean that it shouldn’t be cleaned after every use. His master clearly knew him too well because Ben wouldn't have thought to clean the cage especially after using it in the tub. When there was no sign of lint or dust on the plug anymore, Ben placed it on the vanity, base down. He went to the shower and got his lube. Raising one leg to rest his foot on the closed lid of the toilet, he slowly opened himself up. By the time he slid the plug into place, his legs were a little wobbly. Ben straightened up and groaned as the plug settled perfectly inside him. It wasn’t uncomfortable at all, and walking was easy unlike the night before. However, he knew as soon as he sat down at his desk to write up his report, he was going to be fully aware of its presence. He didn’t put a cushion on the chair as he sat, and between the tenderness from his spanking and the plug, Ben was breathless. He typed up everything he remembered on his laptop, stopping periodically to rub against the chair. Each little movement of his ass sent another wave of tingles through his body. When he was finished, he read over the report. He quickly realized he'd left out the part about finding Hux and that he was Kylo's master. It was as though a tiny part of his mind didn't want to share that information for fear of the repercussions. He hit send before he could amend it. “Fuck,” his sighed as he looked at the sent message. This wasn't him single-handedly taking down a prostitution ring. This was him single-handedly sabotaging his own investigation. “Get it together, Solo,” he told himself before getting up and taking out the plug as a sort of self punishment. --- “That’s good stuff, Ben,” Poe said, going over Ben’s updated map of the facility as well as his most recent report as they left the meeting with the supervisors. “We’re going to get these guys.” “Yeah, thanks,” Ben replied, distracted by his own conscience for omitting pertinent information. Not to mention, he was once again wearing the plug and cage. He’d replaced them before he came to the office. He was punishing himself for withholding information. It certainly hadn't made it any easier to face his superiors and pretend he had no idea who Hux was. The collar had gone in his drawer, away from any possible prying eyes. He couldn’t hand it over, at least, not yet. That too grated on him. He should've been able to hand it over without a fuss. He could've demanded to get it back by evening in order to not raise suspicions or at least asked for a duplicate to throw his master off. He didn't doubt that Tige would notice though. He'd made the thing himself, and nothing ever slipped past him. Kylo's ass would be aching for weeks if he lost the collar already. Just the thought of his master's disappointment had his chest clenching far more than the thought of lying to his superiors. It was lying to Poe that was comparable. “Dude, you okay?” Poe asked, taking a good look at him. “I’m fine, just tired,” Ben said. He told himself it wasn’t a lie because he didn’t consider a tender ass to be ‘not okay.’ He figured that Poe might disagree though, especially if he knew what Ben was wearing beneath his suit. “Okay, but you’ll tell me if something’s wrong, right? I know you’re on your own in there, but we’re still partners.” “I know, and I promise to tell you if something is wrong,” Ben told him, smiling at his partner but feeling a heavy weight in his chest. “Good, so I happened to run into that girl from my building who I was telling you about.” “No, I’m not okay, Poe. I lied. I’m a broken man. I doubt I’ll ever date again,” Ben said dramatically. Poe punched him in the arm. “Asshole. She’s nice.” “And I’m seeing a prostitute nightly. It’s not going to work.” And she’s probably 'Leia Approved' which means it’s definitely not going to work. He didn’t say that last part. “Fine, but afterward?” “We’ll see,” Ben told him, cleaning up his lunch and preparing himself mentally to see his shrink. “Fine, fine, but I think it’ll be good for you,” Poe said, cleaning up as well. “I know.” Ben headed down the hall toward the psychologist’s office. He couldn’t wait to get it over with. Once he was done, he could get home and prepare for tonight. However, he made the mistake of bringing up Poe’s matchmaking as a form of deflection. His doctor jumped on it. “Why do you not wish to meet this woman who clearly has your partner’s approval?” she asked, writing out her usual quick notes. Ben couldn't help noticing the length of her nails as she carefully held the pen. She wrote in curling script that was both distractingly beautiful and impossible to read from his position. “Poe and I don’t have the same taste,” Ben told her, not wanting to get into this. “No one has the same exact taste, Ben. Does Poe not take into account your taste in partners?” she asked. That was one of the problems. Poe absolutely did take Ben’s taste into consideration. Poe found some of the most interesting people who were still capable of meeting Ben’s parents' approval. It was maddening. Ben didn’t need to be set up. He was perfectly capable of meeting people on his own...if he wanted to...which he didn’t. You already have someone his brain supplied. “I’m fairly certain Poe missed his calling as a matchmaker, but it’s not that simple. I’m fucking a prostitute, in case you missed that in our last three meetings,” Ben told her, curling and uncurling his fists at his sides. “Plenty of people seek out sex workers, Ben. There wouldn’t be a business if there weren’t plenty of clients.” “I don’t think most girls want to hear that the guy they are going on a blind date with spent the last month in some kinky sex dungeon calling a male prostitute ‘master.’ I know that would be a deal breaker for me, and I’m the one doing this,” Ben said sharply. “You are working undercover to presumably make our country a safer place. That is rarely an easy or glamorous job. What really bothers you about this, Ben?” “I don’t want to get set up on another awful date.” “Are you ashamed of what you do each night?” she asked him. “No.” “Are you sure?” “Yes, I’m fucking sure. Not wanting to talk about it doesn’t mean I’m ashamed. It means that you aren’t going to understand, no one is.” “Are you worried about our judgment?” Ben wanted to throw something. She was picking at a very fragile scab right there, and he could feel the blood just pushing to come pouring out. “No.” “Then what are you worried about, Ben? Are you worried that you aren’t as put off by what you do nightly with this master as you believe you should be?” She paused there, and Ben wanted to put his fist through the wall. She just tapped those ridiculous nails on her pad, waiting. “No.” Even as he said it, he could see her skepticism. What happened to a judgment free environment? “Ben, there is no shame in not hating or even enjoying the things you do while on this assignment. You are undercover, and the person you are undercover as enjoys these things. Plenty of people develop completely new and unique habits while under that they never would’ve considered as themselves. Many of these things can be pleasurable, and that is okay. But beyond that, nothing you’re doing here is inherently bad. As far as I can see, this operation has nothing to do with what goes on during these ‘play times’ and everything to do with breaking up a prostitution ring that is a danger to both the community and the sex workers involved. There is no shame in enjoying parts of this operation, Ben,” she repeated. “How many years did you have to go to school to perfect that crock of shit because I think I should consider going back to school if I can make bank on telling people a bunch of garbage like that,” Ben retorted, folding his arms over his chest defensively. He tried to lean back in his seat, but the plug in his ass made him jolt forward. “Deflection is counterproductive,” she said, watching his sudden movement and writing something down. “So is wasting precious time getting my brain messed with when I could be working on strategies for extracting new information,” Ben told her. “You are free to leave if you have nothing else you wish to share,” she told him. He could hear the resignation. His instructors got that tone about halfway through the academy. His parents got it around the time he turned eight. Poe used it rarely, but he’d felt that same exhaustion at Ben’s bullheadedness. Tige hadn’t used it yet. Ben felt a flash of anxiety as he left the session, wondering when he’d hear that same painful tone in his master’s voice. It passed quickly though. Tige wasn’t them. --- Kylo was led to their playroom that evening. His master wasn’t there when he arrived, but there was a note left on his mat. Kylo walked over to the mat and picked it up. —Your chores this evening are to clean our tools. They are laid out for you in the bathroom. There is toy cleaner there as well. When you are finished, place them in the kit there. You will be putting it together for our time in the dungeon tonight. Within the kit, there is a list of things you will need to gather. When you have finished both of these tasks, you will go to the bed. There is a plug waiting for you. See that you are wearing it when I arrive. --Your Master-- Kylo walked to the bathroom, and as promised, everything was laid out for him. He followed his orders, thoroughly cleaning each tool that his master had left for him. As he cleaned each item, he felt more and more anticipation. They were taking these with them tonight. His master could use any one of these on him. He didn’t doubt that this was a very calculated chore for that reason. When he was finished he packed them into the large bag that his master had left for him. Inside it was another slip of paper. —Bandages, alcohol, lubricant, ointment, lotion, First Aid kit— Kylo went through the medicine cabinet and removed the items he needed. He made sure to pack the bag neatly, knowing his master wouldn’t accept anything less from him. Once he was satisfied that he’d followed all of the directions, he walked back to the bed and looked at the plug resting on a pillow. It was thick, at least as thick as the one from the night before. Kylo breathed out slowly as he lowered his underwear and laid on the bed. There was lube right within reach, and Kylo poured a little onto his hand before bringing his fingers down to his ass. He opened himself slowly with his fingers. He was already relaxed and mostly ready, but he treated himself as though he wasn’t prepared at all. When he finally picked up the plug, he tried to have patience with himself the way that his master did. He used a firm hand, but he didn’t force the plug in. He just kept a steady pressure and let the plug sink into place. Kylo laid there once it was in. Any movement was awkwardly arousing. He felt stretched and full, and his cock was taking notice. Kylo didn’t move. His master hadn’t given any further instructions, so he waited. He could hear his master’s boots in the hall before he heard the key in the door. As his master opened the door, the plug inside Kylo began to vibrate. Kylo gasped as the vibrations lit up the bundle of nerves inside of him. He rolled on his side as the General walked into the room, riding crop tucked under his arm and hat in place. “Up,” his master order even as the plug continued to buzz maddeningly inside of Kylo. Kylo controlled himself as he sat up, the vibrating plug pressing against his prostate as he sat on it. “Come, kneel on your mat, Kylo.” His master used his crop to point to the spot he wanted Kylo, and Kylo moved to the spot. “Very good,” he praised, running his gloved fingers over the collar Kylo wore. “I trust you did I as ordered. You will wait here while I gather our kit.” Kylo knelt, whimpering as his master thumbed the remote to the plug, increasing the strength just a hair. His master wasn’t gone long, but the time dragged as Kylo fought to control himself. “Very good job with the kit. It gives me peace of mind knowing that I can trust you with such important if basic tasks,” his master said, walking back into the room. He carried the kit easily, dropping it on the floor beside Kylo. “Tonight, I would like to introduce you to my pet project. I designed the dungeon myself. It can test the line between pleasure and pain. It can test the endurance of even the strongest slave. I look forward to showing you all of the dungeon’s capabilities,” his master explained, running the crop down Kylo’s chest and teasing his nipple with the end of it. Kylo bit his lips to keep from whimpering. His master didn’t seem to be in any hurry to get things on the road. He never was. Their time together was often a lesson in patience as much as it was a lesson in submission. “Before we go. We spoke yesterday about humiliation and pain. I would like to incorporate these aspects into our play tonight. It will be a scene with a firm start and finish as well as firm roles. Pain and humiliation can be very intense emotional triggers, and this can be both good and bad. If you feel it turning bad, I want you to use your safeword. I will asked you to self evaluate a couple times throughout, but that doesn’t mean you can’t let me know any time if something is wrong. I want you to know that what happens in my dungeon is between a slave and their master, and there needs to be a genuine trust there. You know that I will take care of you. I’ve had you prepare yourself for tonight, but now it is my turn to tend you. Understood?” “Yes, sir.” “Do you still wish to explore this side of your own desires?” “Yes, sir, Kylo said eagerly.” His master reached down and cupped his jaw. “Roleplay can be awkward if you let it, but I find that if you submerge yourself in it, it can be very freeing. It can allow you to explore things you wouldn’t normally explore.” “I understand, sir,” Kylo said, his therapist’s words coming back to him. He had been letting himself free ever since he stepped foot inside this warehouse. “Rise.” Kylo rose to his feet, finding it easier to handle the plug with his master’s attention on him. “Follow,” his master ordered, and Kylo followed him on shaky legs out of the room and down the hall to an elevator. The elevator went down to the basement, and it opened into a dark room. “Are you ready to explore your masochistic side, Kylo?” his master asked, walking out of the elevator and into the room. “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him again, trusting his master and craving what was in store for him. “Very good. I will dress you for our time in the first chamber. There are six, but tonight we will enjoy the first. Hold out your arms, so I may dress you,” his master told him. He could hear his master maneuvering around the room with no light to see by. Kylo stood still with his arms out, and he soon felt his master’s touch guiding him into whatever clothing had been left down here for them. “I hope they fit. I did the measurements by sight, but I am usually quite good with that sort of thing,” his master told him as he eased the sleeve up Kylo’s arm. Kylo moved to allow him to get the other sleeve on, and then he stepped into the pants when his master prompted him. Kylo held himself tall as his master tied something around the collar of his shirt then put a belt through the loops in the pants. Finally, his master put him in a pair of shoes. “How does it feel?” his master asked when he was presumably finished. “It feels good, sir,” Kylo told him. “Excellent. You are to wait out here and count to one hundred before entering the door that I will go through. The others are locked, so you need not worry about picked the correct one. You may begin counting when the door closes behind me,” his master explained before lifting up the kit and walking through a door on the left side of the room. Kylo began to count, wondering what awaited him behind that door. He couldn’t even see his outfit in the dark to look for any clues from that. Kylo went slowly, focusing on breathing in and out. His master had either turned down the power on the vibrator, or he was becoming accustomed to it because it barely registered while he waited. When he reached one hundred, he walked forward to the wall his master had gone to. He felt around for the door handle, and when he grasped it turned easily. The room was bright as Kylo opened the door. For a moment, he just stood there blinking to become accustomed to it. “Come in. You're late,” his master said sharply. Kylo looked around to see the room was set up like a classroom. His master stood at the front of the room wearing a vest over his shirt. He had a heavy looking wooden ruler in his hand that he slapped against his palm just hard enough to make a threatening sound. “Take a seat, Mr. Ren. You're already in hot water. You don't want to get yourself in more trouble,” his master said. “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, walking to the only seat which was placed directly in front of his master's desk. On the board behind his master it read, Vice Principal Hux, School Disciplinarian. “Do you know why you're here today, Mr. Ren?” he asked Kylo. “No, sir,” Kylo told him. “It says here that you have trouble with authority and are insubordinate to your teachers and administrators.” Kylo looked at the hard seat of the desk and cringed as he felt the vibrator become stronger again. “I do not accept insubordination, Mr. Ren. When I give an order, it will be followed. You're in my office because you need to learn your place. I assure you that you will not talk back to your teachers when I'm finished with you.” Kylo sat down in the chair, gasping as the base of the plug made contact with the seat causing him to feel the vibrations even more. “What was that, Mr. Ren?” the disciplinarian asked. “Nothing, sir. Sorry, sir,” Kylo said, trying to adjust himself so that the plug wasn't directly in contact with his prostate, but it was nearly impossible due to the shape and size of it. “Hands flat on your desk,” Vice Principal Hux ordered. Kylo obeyed, and he watched as the disciplinarian stood from his own desk and walked around until he was standing in front of Kylo. Kylo looked up at him, trying not to noticeably squirm in his seat because the plug was driving him to distraction. This was nothing like the little plug he'd used to spice up writing his report this morning. This one demanded his full attention. The disciplinarian brought the ruler down with a smack, and Kylo jerked as pain radiated through his knuckles. The movement caused the plug to press harder against his prostate, and Kylo convulsed in an intense mixture of pain and pleasure. “When I ask a question, I expect an honest and respectful answer. Now sit silently.” He turned on his heel and walked back to his desk. Kylo forced himself to breathe slowly through the aftershocks. He could see stars in his vision for a moment, but that soon faded as did the strength of the vibrations. The Vice Principal watched him carefully for several minutes as he sat, fighting to keep still. Kylo finally looked down at himself to see his master had dressed him in a school uniform. It was like being right back in the prep school his parents had forced him to attend until he'd been expelled for flushing a cherry bomb down every toilet on the second floor. The water damage alone had wiped out his college fund, but thankfully his mother had kept if off his record. His master could have no way of knowing just how close to life this was, and yet Kylo didn't feel the need to shy away from it as he'd done every time his father brought it up in the last twelve years. “Mr. Ren, come up to the board. I want you to write 'I will follow directions the first time they are given, and I will respect my teachers,' ten times in your neatest hand writing,” his the disciplinarian said, holding up a piece of chalk. Kylo stood, focusing his breathing as he walked around the front desk and took the offered chalk. He began to write the sentence, but halfway through the first one the disciplinarian stopped him. “That is not your neatest writing, Mr. Ren,” he said. The disciplinarian stood and walked to Kylo. “Brace yourself against the board,” his said motioning for Kylo. Kylo stood between Vice Principal Hux and the chalkboard and bent to brace his hands on it. He was expecting the ruler this time, but he wasn't prepared for how the impact radiated through the plug. Kylo cried out as he was hit five times with the ruler, Hux never holding back on a swing. Kylo tried to find something to grip, but he just smudged his own writing. He shook as his body tried to process the two very different sensations at once. “I think you will find that you can write more neatly, unless you wish to try this again,” the disciplinarian told him. “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, waiting for the instruction to write again. Kylo nearly screamed as Hux hit him one last time even harder than before. “Very good. I expect impeccable penmanship.” Kylo straightened, shuddering as the movement shifted the plug. His ass stung still, and he could feel sweat breaking out on his forehead and neck. Kylo's hand shook as he raised it to write, and he had to concentrate very hard to keep it steady. He finished four sentences before he broke the chalk from gripping it so tightly. “Mr. Ren!” the disciplinarian said sharply. “We respect our supplies in this classroom.” Kylo flinched as he felt the vibrator kick up again. “Against my desk, and drop your pants to your ankles. Such disrespect will not be tolerated.” Kylo walked to the desk again and undid his belt and pants with shaking hands, before lowering them around his ankles. He looked down at his cock which hung half hard. “Bend forward,” Vice Principal Hux ordered. Kylo leaned forward and braced himself again. The impact was even stronger without his pants, and Kylo stumbled as the Vice Principal brought the ruler down directly over the plug. Kylo could feel the blood rushing to his cock even as his ass felt like it was on fire. “Say, 'I will respect this classroom and the supplies.'” the disciplinarian said. “I will respect this classroom and the supplies,” Kylo repeated, and as soon as he was finished he hit him again. He varied where he hit Kylo a bit, but the pain was still startling. Kylo felt tears form in his eyes as his cock began to leak precome. It was a dizzying combination, and Kylo felt himself slipping more and more into the scene his master had created. “Say it again,” Vice Principal Hux demanded. Kylo repeated the words and was once again hit on the ass with the ruler. “Again.” By the tenth time Kylo repeated the phrase, he was sprawled over the desk and his ass was so sensitive that even a small breeze left him shaking. He could feel his cock leaking over the side of the desk as it strained. The disciplinarian was merciless with the ruler. When he finished, he ordered Kylo to stand again and finish his sentences. Kylo shuffled to the board with his pants around his ankles and picked up the broken piece of chalk. His whole body buzzed with too much awareness as he pressed the chalk to the board and began to write again. “You get pleasure from breaking the guidelines laid out for you, don’t you Mr. Ren?” the disciplinarian asked. “I don’t know, sir,” Kylo told him, continuing to write. “What you need is a firm hand. Someone to teach you your place and give you what you really need. I’ve handled many a misbehaving student in my time, and I will enjoy helping you see the error of your ways, Mr. Ren. Now, back to your seat,” he ordered as Kylo finished his sentences. Kylo shuffled around the disciplinarian's desk and back to his own. They never gave him permission to raise his pants, so he sat with his bare ass on the seat. The pressure on the plug was nearly unbearable, but his cock twitched and leaked as it stood proudly. “Mr. Ren, I have been the school’s disciplinarian for many years, and I have learned that some students cannot simply be given detention and expected to suddenly behave. They need a more tangible punishment to see the right path. Some even crave it. Do you know I’ve development my own methods for such wayward students here at the academy? You will get to see first hand how effective it is. Unbutton your shirt.” Kylo reached up with shaking hands, letting Vice Principal Hux's words sink in as he undid each button. “Your hands are shaking, Mr. Ren.” “They are, sir,” Kylo agreed, watching his trembling fingers. “Are you feeling ill?” he asked Kylo. “No, sir.” “Faint?” “No, sir.” “Are your fingers or toes tingling?” “No, sir.” “I see. Perhaps it’s just anticipation then.” Hux stepped behind his desk and opened a drawer before removing several items. He held up a pair of binder clips and smiled tightly at Kylo. “It is amazing how useful simple supplies are for correcting behavior. He walked over to Kylo and squeezed the clip open before pinching Kylo’s right nipple between his fingers and attaching the clip. The pain was immediate, but the clip wasn’t an actual binder clip. Instead it was a nipple clamp designed to look like a clip, but not nearly as strong, not that Kylo noticed much. He was much more focused on the pain/pleasure radiating from his right nipple. He cried out as the other got the same treatment. The disciplinarian flicked them both once he finished attaching them and smiled as Kylo panted heavily at the pain. His cock twitched, and his back arched as he felt consumed. “This will teach you to have respect for all teaching supplies, will it not?” Hux asked. “Yes, sir,” Kylo gasped. “That is what I thought. It gives me great pleasure to make such remarkable progress, but I do not think it is enough. Your record is very lengthy,” the disciplinarian said, stepping back and picking something else off his desk. It looked like a paperclip chain, but much sturdier, and it was clipped together in a Y shape. He attached the tops of the Y to the clips and gave them a tug. Kylo whimpered. His body was so overcome by the contrast of pain and pleasure that he didn’t quite know what he was feeling, but he wanted more while at the same time wanting it to end. There was a strange sort of security in this steady pain. It kept him grounded. It gave him something to focus on. It made each one of the disciplinarian's warnings and corrections truly tangible and understandable. “On your hands and knees,” Vice Principal Hux ordered, and Kylo gingerly slid out of his desk on onto the floor. There was no caress for good behavior. Pain was the only certainty. The disciplinarian tugged the chain, and Kylo cried as he followed him. He could barely crawl fast enough with his ankles still tethered together by his pants, and that earned him several more tugs. He was led to the front corner of the room where there was some sort of sandbox that was about 18 inches by 18 inches. “Kneel,” Hux told him. Kylo crawled into the box and realized it was filled with a thin layer of uncooked rice. The grains dug into his knees as he knelt, and it added another layer to his discomfort and awareness. “Face the class,” the disciplinarian corrected him, and Kylo held in his whimpers as he shifted around to face the classroom. Hux tsked as he looked Kylo up and down. “Not so disobedient and disrespectful now are we?” he asked. “But still your cock stands defiant,” he said, using the ruler to lift Kylo’s erection. Just the touch of the cool ruler sent waves of pleasure through Kylo’s entire body, seeming to grow in its strength as he twitched and pulled the plug and clamps or shifted on the rice. Every bit of discomfort only served to intensify the pleasure. Kylo was breathless as the disciplinarian inspected his cock then gripped him by the balls. Kylo couldn’t determine if it hurt or was the best thing he ever felt, but his body convulsed as his Hux squeezed them. “Look how you are controlled by such a useless appendage,” the disciplinarian scoffed, letting go of Kylo and walking to the desk again, he picked up a packet of papers and brought them over. “Perhaps if you were half so focused on your studies as you are on your cock, you would not be failing your classes,” he said, holding up the packet that had a large F written on it in red marker. The disciplinarian rolled up the packet and slapped Kylo’s cock with it. Kylo screamed as he did it again. Under no control of his own, his balls tightened and he felt himself come in spurts across the papers as he shook. The Vice Principal wasn’t done yet. “No control,” he spat as Kylo continued to shake as his body fired on all cylinders. Kylo collapsed onto the floor as though his strings had been cut, and he looked up at the disciplinarian. The plug still vibrated gently within him, the clamps still made him undeniably aware of his chest, and rice still clung to his aching knees. He was a mess, but there was an undeniable relief in what he felt, as though he was allowed to experience every last drop of pleasure that rolled through him because he'd already suffered such pain for it. Hux knelt beside him, but he didn’t rush him. He let Kylo savor the last threads of his orgasm as he inspected Kylo’s body. “Look at the mess you’ve made,” Hux told him, holding the come covered papers right in front of Kylo’s face. “Clean it up. Open your mouth and lick it clean,” he ordered. Kylo stuck out his tongue and licked up his own come from the papers. Tears ran down his cheeks as he did it, still feeling the aftershocks of his orgasm. “All of it.” Kylo tasted his own come for the first time, and he wasn’t sure if it was it or him, but it was incredibly tangy and overpowering. He swallowed it and licked up the rest, frustrated by the amount of it. He suddenly felt what his partners went through when they blew him or he came in or on them. “And my shoe,” Hux said when Kylo had finished. Kylo looked, and sure enough, there was a splash of it there as well. “Kneel,” he ordered. Kylo got shakily to his knees and bent to lick the Vice Principal’s Oxfords clean. As Kylo knelt, he increased the power of the vibrator, and Kylo’s body involuntarily shook as his balls gave a squeeze and he came again on the floor without the high of a real orgasm. “And how are you feeling now, Mr. Ren? Are you faint? Is anything tingling? Do you feel ill?” he asked, watching Kylo with a steady if hard gaze. “No, sir.” He actually felt exhilarated and free as he gave into the pain and the pleasure that followed. He sobbed openly as the disciplinarian tugged him forward to reveal the much smaller release that stuck to the tile floor. They stepped around him and bent to scoop it up with gloved fingers. He tugged Kylo up to kneel again and smeared the come over Kylo’s chest. “Now you can’t hide your misdeeds. It’s painted all over you for all the other students to see,” Hux told him. Kylo whimpered at the thought of being seen like this. Of being paraded through the halls with his pants around his ankles and being led by his nipples. His cock ached, but he could still feel a deep arousal just at the thought of it, like his body refused calm even though it was completely spent. “Is that what you want, Mr. Ren?” the Vice Principal demanded. Kylo didn't doubt that he would be dragged through the halls if he didn't answer to Hux's satisfaction. “No, sir,” Kylo said. “Beg me,” the disciplinary said, tugging him toward the teacher’s desk again. “Please, sir. Please don’t let the other students see me like this,” Kylo begged, crawling with Hux's strides. “You will have to do better than that. You so eagerly disrespected this institution, and the best you can say now is please no? Kiss my shoes. Grovel,” Hux demanded. Kylo bent to kiss the beautifully shined shoes again, and he whimpered when Hux pulled his shoe away and rested it on top of Kylo's head, pinning him to the floor. “Please, sir. I’ll do anything. Please let me show you that I’ll follow the rules. I promise I’ll be better,” Kylo sobbed. “Perhaps there is one way.” The disciplinarian sounded thoughtful as he removed his shoe from Kylo's head. “Anything, sir,” Kylo begged. “Open your mouth and kneel,” The Vice Principal ordered. Kylo immediately opened his mouth, and the Vice Principal wasted no time gripping his jaw and pushing the two fingers he'd cleaned Kylo's come off the floor with into Kylo's mouth. He pushed them in deep and held Kylo's jaw tightly. “Suck them.” He demanded. “Harder. Show me that you can follow directions.” Kylo's eyes continued to water as he once again tasted his own come and sucked the fingers as hard as he could. “Stand up and bend over my desk,” the disciplinarian ordered with a rough voice. Kylo rose to his feet and staggered to the desk, practically collapsing against it. “Do you promise never to be sent to my office again, Mr. Ren?” he asked, pushing Kylo down until his nose was pressed into the center of an open dictionary. “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him. “And do you promise to be respectful of your teachers and this school?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo whimpered as the disciplinarian removed the plug. Kylo shook as it was placed right beside his head on the desk, a reminder. “And do you promise to obey me ?” he asked, pushing his spit wet fingers into Kylo's already loose and lubricated hole. “Yes, sir,” Kylo cried loudly. The Vice Principal pushed his fingers in deep and crooked them to rub Kylo's prostate relentlessly. Kylo's cock twitched from the ever-present stimulation, dribbling onto the side of the desk. “You are far more willing to play by the rules when I have you like this. Perhaps the key to your continued obedience lies in milking the disrespect from you every time you misbehave. How would you like a plug deep in your ass every day? If you don't do your homework, your literature teacher just needs to turn the dial to remind you how unacceptable that is,” the Vice Principal threatened as he continued to fuck Kylo with his fingers. “Please, sir, I promise I can behave,” Kylo sobbed. The disciplinarian removed their fingers. Kylo heard a condom being opened and pants being unzipped. He shook with anticipation. When the disciplinarian’s cock pressed against his aching hole, he cried in earnest. Tears streamed down his cheeks as the their cock penetrated him slowly, overwhelmed by how good it felt despite how stimulated he was. “Is this what you want, Mr. Ren? Is this why you act up so much? ” Vice Principal Hux asked, rubbing Kylo's lower back as he pushed in further. “Please, sir,” Kylo begged, needing more even as his body tried to sort out the contrasting sensations. “ Please .” He didn't want a plug when he could have the real thing. “I’ve got you, Mr. Ren. I’ll give you exactly what you need,” the disciplinarian assured him, rocking into him deeper. Kylo gripped the edges of the desk as the tears continued to fall onto the pages of the book even as he rubbed his aching and clamped nipples against the papers on the desk, suddenly needing more. “That’s it, Kylo. Take it like a good boy. Take it all,” the disciplinarian said, rubbing his back as he thrust into him with purpose. Kylo was half hard as the disciplinarian bottomed out inside him. He ground his hips against Kylo’s ass, and Kylo shook with pleasure. It was undeniable, as though every ounce of pain he'd felt made what he felt now that much sweeter. “There we are. That’s all you needed,” the disciplinarian soothed, pulling back and thrusting right back in. He started to take Kylo harder but not roughly. Kylo’s cock slapped against the desk with each thrust. “Tell me how good it feels, Kylo. Tell me how much you needed me to fuck the obedience into you.” “Feels good, sir. Need yo—” Kylo cried out as Hux’s cock brushed over his prostate. Kylo white-knuckled the desk as he repeated the action several times before making shallower thrusts. Without warning, the disciplinarian pulled out and spun Kylo around. He shoved the books off his desk and pushed Kylo up to lie it on his back. The disciplinarian tore off Kylo’s shoes and pants and lifted Kylo’s legs to rest against his shoulders. He thrust back into Kylo, and this position was even better than the last. As the teacher fucked him, he reached down and tugged at the clips over Kylo’s nipples, and it only increased Kylo’s awareness of his body. Kylo was close. He didn’t have any awareness of time that had passed, but his cock was full again, and his whole body buzzed. He’d never been so present in his life, and every sensation pulled him closer to the man gripping his hips and sinking into him. The disciplinarian grabbed the rolled up papers off the desk and swatted Kylo’s cock with them as it slapped against his abdomen. Kylo cried out, and Hux snapped his hips faster. “I’ve got you, Kylo. I’ll give you everything you need,” they said, swatting Kylo again as they thrust deep. Kylo felt another orgasm wash over him in intense waves of pleasure that edged on pain. His back arched off the desk as the disciplinarian continued to pump into him and abuse his cock which twitched violently but had no more come to give up. Kylo howled through his release as it seemed to go on forever, more intense than anything he’d ever felt even though he was wrung dry. Hux didn’t stop until Kylo’s legs started to slip off his shoulders as Kylo went limp. His entire body lost its ability to hold him together even as aftershocks continued to rock through him. “There we are. Pliant and not a disobedient thought in you. My beautiful protege,” the disciplinarian said, lowering Kylo’s legs to hang off the end of the desk. “So beautiful when you’re like this.” He stepped around the desk even as Kylo laid there, breathing raggedly and moaning as tremors rocked through him. Kylo could barely focus his eyes to watch the disciplinarian tug off the empty condom and toss it in the trash before tucking himself away. “I told you I would have you an obedient student when our time was up. Isn’t good behavior much more rewarding?” the disciplinarian asked, coming back to Kylo with a box of wipes. He looked just as put together as when Kylo had entered the room. He spread Kylo’s leaden legs and wiped between his aching cheeks. He cleaned away the residual lubricant, and probed Kylo’s hole with gentle fingers. When he pulled the wipe away he studied it, but at finding nothing by clear lube on it, he placed it in the garbage. Then he reached forward and carefully unclipped Kylo’s chest. Kylo shouted and arched his back involuntarily as they were removed. “Shh, you’re okay. I have you,” he assured Kylo. Then he rubbed a thick lotion over them that soothed some of the pain. “There, isn’t that better?” he asked when Kylo’s nipples were completely coated. “Yes, sir,” Kylo sighed. The disciplinarian cleaned his chest with another wipe, scrubbing gently at the already dried come from earlier. He rubbed Kylo’s chest before moving lower and holding one of Kylo’s legs. Kylo felt him pick off several pieces of rice before rubbing lotion into his knee as well. He did the same with the other one. Then he put Kylo’s pants back on him as well as the shoes. He buttoned up Kylo’s shirt and helped him stand on unsteady feet. “Let’s get you back to class, Mr. Ren,” the disciplinarian said. “I know you’re eager to show your teachers how well behaved you can be now that we’ve drained the disobedience from you. I recommend you visit me weekly for progress reports,” he said helping Kylo to the door. When he opened the door, there was light in the antechamber. He guided Kylo into the room that led to the elevator and shut door behind them. “I want you to sit in the wheelchair,” his master said, changing his voice almost imperceptibly. “You did remarkably well, Kylo. It’s okay,” his master said, guiding him down into the chair that was waiting for them in the large room. There was a thick pillow on the seat, and though nothing was going to feel good on his very sore ass, it felt like sitting on a cloud. “I’m going to remove this uniform now,” his master told him, leaning over to unbutton the shirt. He was halfway done when he reached into his back pocket and removed a handkerchief. He pulled Kylo’s mask away from his face just enough to reach beneath it and dab at Kylo’s still leaking eyes. Kylo hadn’t even realized he was still crying until his master wiped away his tears. “It’s okay. That was very intense. You did so well that I let us take it that to that level. You’re very strong, and you made me so proud with how much effort you gave,” his master said, running his fingers through Kylo’s hair. He finished stripping Kylo before wrapping him in a thick robe like the ones in their playroom. “I’m going to bring you back up to the room and take care of where I used the ruler, okay?” his master asked, removing the vest and putting it with Kylo’s clothing. Kylo nodded, not trusting his voice. He didn’t even complain about being wheeled into the elevator, knowing he couldn’t make it on foot at the moment. As the doors of the elevator closed, Kylo felt himself start to cry heavily again. His master rubbed his shoulders and stomach, whispering praise. He hit the stop switch before the doors could open and he knelt in front of Kylo in the spacious compartment. “Is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable right now?” he asked, rubbing his hands over Kylo’s thighs. “I’m sorry,” Kylo apologized. “Shh, there is no reason to apologize. You were exemplary. Tears are natural. But, I need to know if there is anything I can do for you right now that I’m not already doing.” Kylo tried to think, but he just wanted to be in the playroom. He wanted to be on the bed or in the tub with Tige. “Just take me back to the room.” “As you wish,” his master said, pressing the button to open the doors. He pushed Kylo to their door and unlocked it quickly. Kylo was surprised when there was a massage table set up where his carpet square usually was. “Don’t worry. No more play for this evening. I just find that this makes it easier to address anything that needs tending,” his master promised, pushing him over to it and helping him onto it after removing the robe. He laid a heavy blanket over Kylo’s legs, just below his ass. Then he placed several warm stones beneath the blanket to bring heat to Kylo’s legs. He placed another heavy blanket over Kylo’s back and shoulders. “Let me know if you feel stifled or trapped. It’s important to keep you warm right now. I don’t want you going into shock after how hard we pushed your body. If anything doesn’t feel good, I want to know. Even if it’s just an odd feel that you don’t understand,” his master told him, rubbing his lower back gently right beneath the hem of the blanket. “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed, still feeling tears in his eyes. “You may call me Tige, Kylo. I want you to. I enjoy the way you say it,” Tige told him. “You mean how I say it wrong,” Kylo mumbled, completely aware that he didn’t say it as well as his master did. “Not wrong. Endearingly.” “You’d spank me if I said it that way in a scene.” “But you’ll never call me such a thing in scene, so I’m afraid you’ll never have that pleasure,” Tige told him, playfully. He continued to talk soothingly as he turned to a smaller table that had also been set out. He lifted a wipe out of the box and turned to Kylo. “This may sting. Some of the last hits may have broken the skin. Try to take deep breaths,” Tige instructed. He wiped Kylo’s bottom, and Kylo’s breath stuttered despite his best efforts. He felt his body attempt to grow hard in response to the pain, but he was completely wrung out. “It’s okay. You’re still very sensitive,” Tige said, turning again and collecting the same lotion he’d used in the basement. “This will help dull the tenderness a bit,” he promised as he spread it over Kylo’s cheeks. Kylo shuddered, but the touch felt good. Tige continued to tell him how well he did, bringing up specifics. Once Kylo’s ass was treated, Tige removed his own gloves and the blanket over Kylo’s back. Kylo pressed his face into the U shaped cushion, and his master massaged the back of his neck and base of his skull. “I want you to let yourself feel whatever you’re feeling right now, Kylo. Don’t push it down. You’re with me right now, and you’re safe. If you need to cry like you’ve been, that is okay. If you feel happy or sad or overwhelmed, that is okay. I don’t want you fighting to control yourself right now. Now is about giving up control and accepting the natural order of your body. Give in to whatever it needs to feel even if it feels like chaos. And as you do that, try to focus on what I’m doing. Know that I’m right here,” Tige explained, continuing to press his thumb into the tension in Kylo’s neck. “If you need anything from me, please let me know,” he continued as he stepped back. He was only gone a moment before warm, oil slicked hands began to massage his shoulders. Kylo shuddered, feeling his master rub the tension out of his body. It wasn’t long before Kylo was crying again. He could recognize Tige’s touch as soothing, but his body was still strung so tightly. He tried to follow Tige’s directions and allow himself to feel, but he just cried harder. His sobs didn’t prevent Tige from massaging him though. He manipulated Kylo’s arms one at a time and even massaged each of his fingers and his palm. Kylo didn’t realize how tightly he’d gripped the desk until Tige loosened his hands back up. It was as though he was slowly putting all of the pieces back together, and even Kylo's tears calmed eventually. “You are incredibly good at following a scene deeply. I could tell you let yourself fully submerge in our fantasy, just like our night on the bed. Normally, that would take a great deal of time and training, but you have a very natural ability, Kylo. And you trust me. I can feel it every time you submit, and it gives me pleasure,” Tige said, moving down to work on Kylo’s lower back. Kylo whimpered at the praise, feeling overwhelmed by his master’s pride in him. When Tige finished with his back, he replaced the blanket and moved down to Kylo’s legs. By then Kylo’s crying had dissipated into intermittent hiccups and silent tears. “Your legs are so powerful. I can’t wait to have them wrapped around me. Do you look forward to that Kylo?” “Yes.” Kylo sighed, lost in bliss from Tige's hands and soothing voice. “Did you enjoy taking my cock tonight? I want you to be honest, Kylo. Evaluate yourself, and really examine whether it was pleasurable despite the pain I put you through.” Kylo remembered being pressed against the desk and feeling every inch of his master. He shuddered at the thought of it. He hadn’t been as thick as the plug, but Kylo had still felt full perhaps just with the knowledge that he’d earned his master’s cock. “It was everything,” Kylo said dramatically. Tige chuckled softly. “I’m glad you think so. I found that taking you was extremely pleasurable as well. You are magnificent.” Kylo felt himself blush, embarrassed by Tige’s words. He didn’t try to fight it though, allowing the tingle of his body’s flush to wash over him. “What are you feeling, Kylo?” “Embarrassed,” Kylo admitted. “Why?” Kylo had to think about it. “Because no one’s ever called me that before. It’s embarrassing…” “Why?” Kylo didn’t know why. “Is it because you don’t believe me?” Kylo bit his lip as he realized his master was correct. Normally, this was when he'd withdraw just like when he was with the psychologist. He hated examining his inner most feelings. They always came back to his inadequacies. “I want you to know that I do not lie to my slaves, Kylo, nor do I pay them false compliments. If I tell you that you are magnificent then I mean every word of it. Let me help you onto your back.” Kylo continued to blush as his master helped him roll over without hurting his ass more. The lotion was wonderful, soothing the pain enough not to be distracting. Tige massaged his chest and legs and pet Kylo as he guided him through several exercises to evaluate himself and the scene. When he finished, he placed the blanket over Kylo’s chest again. “When you're ready, you may come to bed with me,” Tige told him, cleaning up the area and heading to the bed. Kylo didn't wait long before pushing the blanket off of him and sitting up. He walked slowly to the bed where Tige laid out on the covers. Kylo quickly crawled into his arms. He held Kylo and let Kylo cling to him when he would sometimes start to shake. “I would like you to stay tonight,” Tige said after more than an hour of this. “I can’t. I need to get back.” “I understand, but I don’t want you falling into sub drop because I’m not there to care for you,” Tige told him. “I’m fine. It was just intense sex. I’ll take a shower and go to bed…” “Kylo, I know you read and heard the section on the realities of sub drop even with proper care.” “I’ll be fine. I know myself,” Kylo insisted. Tige sighed, running his fingers through Kylo’s hair. “I can’t keep you here even if I think it is for the best, but I will be calling my driver for you, and I will be calling you as soon as he confirms that he drops you off.” “Yes, sir.” “We will be taking a step back tomorrow night.” “ What! ” “It isn’t punishment, Kylo. The body can’t be forced to give its all at all times without breaking down.” “Okay.” “Stay a little longer?” “Yeah.” --- Kylo’s phone rang moments after he got through the front door. He answered it immediately as he locked up. “I’m home.” “Good. I want you to shower, apply the lotion I sent you with.” “Okay,” Kylo said, removing his clothes. “Call me when you are cleaned up and in bed,” his master told him. “I will.” Kylo was still shaky as he cleaned up in the shower. He washed himself carefully, and kept the water from getting too hot. He pressed his forehead to the shower wall about halfway through and just let the water wash over his abuse backside. They’d talked about the scene at length while they laid together and how it brought memories to the surface. Kylo had immensely enjoyed the scene, but Tige wanted him to evaluate himself constantly because it had clearly affected him deeply. Tige had assured him that such a deep connection and response to the scene was good, but needed to be monitored. When Kylo was clean, he stood with his ass to the full length mirror and applied lotion to the angry red bars across his cheeks. The lotion soothed the pain as he attempted to get comfortable in his bed. He closed his eyes and imagined his master massaging him. When he was finally comfortable, he called Tige back. “How are you feeling?” Tige asked. “Tired but also wound up.” “Not surprising. Get yourself settled in and I will talk you through some relaxation exercises.” Kylo pulled back the covers and got out his laptop to type up a report on the dungeon. He listened to Tige speak soothingly to him for over an hour as he put together his report. When he finally settled down, Tige was just talking about his day-to-day life, and Kylo listened carefully. So much of Tige’s time went into training programs for the masters as well as running the operations of the facility like purchasing proper supplies. Kylo was amazed by how well prepared the facility was for any and all needs of its clientele. He fell asleep with his phone to his ear and his master’s voice in his head. Notes: Chapter warnings: Sadism/Masochism, discipline, pain play, Teacher/student roleplay, corporal punishment, rice torture, humiliation, collars, paddles, nipple clamps, comeplay, prostate milking, dry orgasm, come eating, boot licking, anal plugs, cages, subspace, aftercare, intense scene, intense emotional response to play Chapter 8 : Master and Slave Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben woke feeling tired but somehow lighter the next morning. When he noticed that his phone was almost dead, he checked and the call log said his master had been on the phone with his more than two hours. Ben smiled as he got dressed for the office and quickly put together everything he’d learned the night before. All of that paled in comparison to the fact that his master talked him to sleep then continuing to stay on the phone with him to make sure he was okay. He wondered if his master fell asleep to the sound of his steady breathing or snoring. Ordinarily, Ben would have hated such worrying from a partner, but his master was different. He made sure Kylo knew he had legitimate concerns, and while he was protective he let Kylo make his own choices. If only Ben’s mom would let him do the same. Hell, he couldn’t even remember her having the time to read him a bedtime story. Uncle Chewie used to be the one to do that. Ben went to work with that smile still in place despite the pain in his ass. His mood didn’t even crumble as several new agents were brought into the meeting that morning, two of which were the cause of one of Ben’s disciplinary marks. “The basement of the facility is what my guy calls the dungeon. He said that it has six rooms and each is used for different kinks...” “Okay, enough of the dirty shit, Solo. We’re here to take down pimps and hookers, not talk about weird things we do with our girlfriends,” one of the other agents butted in. Ben threw his pen at the man’s head, and it hit him right between the eyes. The guy stood up and threw his pen right back at him, but Ben snatched it out of the air. “Is that the best you can do, Marino?” Ben asked, cocking his head to the side and giving the other agent a measured look. “I seem to remember your lack of stealth got you into trouble the last time we crossed paths as well.” “Fuck you, Solo—” “Boys, enough. Ben what else can you tell us about this dungeon area? Do you think it would be a good point of entry?” his boss asked him. “No. Each room is separate and kept locked. There’s a main control area or antechamber where preparations take place. From what I saw when I was leaving, it’s equipped to monitor all of the rooms. When I exited the first room, which only has one entrance, there were items specifically for us waiting.” “So the dungeon is a dead end,” Marino said, unimpressed. Ben could feel his hostility from across the table. Marino was the last person that Ben wanted on this case with them. “Maybe not. It’s so full of equipment and tools that it would be impossible to clear out. I think we’ll find a lot of evidence down there when we go through,” Ben explained, stealing Poe’s pen out of his breast pocket and drawing the antechamber. “The elevator is here. I’ve been in this room. Like I said one entrance and exit. There are five other doors. Two on each wall and the elevator on the front wall. I believe there were two supply closets on the wall on either side of the elevator,” Ben said, pointing to each part of his drawing and labeling it as he went. “This is good progress, Ben. I want to know what is in each of these rooms as you see them,” his boss said, making notes on his own pad. “Yes, sir,” Ben said, but it felt vile on his tongue. That was a term only for his master. It felt strangely like a betrayal to call someone else by the title now. “Did you learn anything else yesterday?” “I’m earning this guy’s trust. I think I’m on the brink of something.” “Excellent. We’re thinking we may be able to smuggle in a bodycam. You could wear it on a piece of jewelry…” “No jewelry allowed,” Ben told them, knowing now was the time to bring up the collar. They could easily fasten something to it that wouldn’t be seen, but it was dangerous. If it was found, all of the work he’d put in would be ruined. It wouldn’t matter though because he’d probably be dead. “Ben, work with us. We need eyes on you. This is all on you. We want other eyes seeing what you’re seeing. We can’t expect you to see everything,” his boss told him. “Or anything,” Marino added unhelpfully. “I’ll see what I can do. If I can…” he paused. This was going to get him ribbed or worse. “...if I can get a collar to swap out with the one they have us wear, I might be able to swing it. But it might take a little time to track down what it is exactly,” Ben explained. This would give him time to think about the collar situation, and if he was the one putting the camera on it then he wouldn’t have to show them the brand. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me. This guy has you wear a collar like a fuckin’ dog…” “Shut up, Marino. What the hell are you even doing in here? What do you contribute? The last time you butted into one of our cases, the assholes got away with it because you don’t fucking know how chain of custody works,” Poe said, slamming his palm down on the table. Ben threw Poe’s pen at Marino as well, and he nailed him in the forehead again before he could retort. “Dammit, Solo!” Ben and Poe shared a look as their boss tried to get control of the meeting again. Not much else got done, and Poe stole another pen to draw rude pictures of Marino on his copy of the itinerary. “Did you see his eyes bulge when he heard the word collar? I think he might have shit himself,” Poe said, laughing as they walked back to his office. “Man, I wish he was undercover. I know just the master they’d give him, and she’d literally bust his balls until he stepped in line. I’d like to see him try to gather evidence while she has his balls in a vice,” Ben told him. Poe laughed, not put off by talk of what happened in the warehouse. Ben smiled. This was how it used to be when they first worked together. Before Poe became the Bureau’s golden boy. Before he met Han and Leia. Before... “We should do something. We never get to hang out anymore. Let’s go to the range,” Poe suggested patting Ben on the back. Ben thought about it. They couldn’t go to the Bureau’s range, but there were others. It would be good to fire a gun. It would get his mind off the operation and his bosses. It also didn’t require him to sit on his ass which had been extremely difficult during the meeting. If it had been tender yesterday , today it might as well have been on fire. It was fitting because he was definitely still lying to his bosses. “I could go for an hour or two at the range,” Ben said. “Awesome. You want to use one of mine, or are you going to be an asshole and make me go to your placed and get your gun out of the safe?” Poe asked. Ben gave him a look and Poe groaned. “Seriously?” he whined. “Fine, I’ll meet you there, you asshole. You and that fucking gun.” “The last person who insulted my gun got shot with it,” Ben reminded him. They’d argued over his personal firearm for years. He’d customized it himself, and while it was a little ungainly he was a crack shot with it. One thing his father had actually taught him growing up was how to shoot. Unfortunately, Ben hadn’t gotten really good at it until his father started teaching other kids at the range during the time he used to spend with Ben. Han had trained two national champs while Ben had spent countless hours alone at his uncle’s farm, lining up the bottles and shooting them off the fence until he could outshoot even his dad. “Yeah, yeah. I’ll still kick your ass at the range,” Poe said, pulling on his jacket and adjusting his own gun in his hip holster. Ben made sure everything in his office was as it should be, and he got out before anyone could stop him to discuss anything further or before he ran into Marino. He called a cab as he stood out front, and he gave them the address Poe sent him. It didn’t take long for Poe to swing by Ben’s apartment and get his gun. He handed it to him as he met Ben inside the facility. “I got us a couple of lanes for an hour,” Ben said, handing Poe a pair of safety glasses. Poe handed over Ben’s old rough-looking pair of noise canceling headphones. He’d had them for years, and they’d seen a lot of use. He just couldn’t see spending the money to buy new ones when these still worked. “Dude, I’m buying you a new pair for your birthday. These are frankly disgusting,” Poe said, cringing as Ben put them around his neck until they got down to the range. “Shut up. I don’t say anything about that stupid leather jacket you get separation anxiety about.” “I’ll have you know I don’t have it anymore,” Poe told him proudly as they walked down and got situated in their designated lanes. “Giving it to your boyfriend while he’s away doesn’t count. It’ll be back in your closet soon enough,” Ben said knowingly. He put his goggles on and his headphones as he put down the box of bullets Poe had brought him. “Okay, fine, but I don’t have it right now,” Poe shouted at him. Ben rolled his eyes. It felt good to rib Poe even if he was still annoyed about the Finn situation. Ben loaded the massive revolver, loving the heaviness of it in his hand. It was easier to remember who he was when he held this gun, when he laughed with Poe, and when he wasn’t stuck in a fake office getting grilled like he was one of the bad guys. Poe was in a good mood too, and their unsteadiness from a few days ago disappeared as it always did. Poe was family, whether Ben liked his family much or not. Ben would still forgive a lot because he knew Poe had his back when it counted. He could’ve risen in the ranks by now. He could be Ben’s boss, but he stuck by Ben. The first time Ben pulled the trigger it felt amazing, and he slipped into the zone quickly. They shot in lanes beside each other—no chatter as they went through their own ammo. Firing his personal weapon at a target was as close to a religious experience as Ben ever got. It was just him and the hot metal in his hands. He was all steadiness and calm, and it was such a rare state for Ben that it gave him a strange sort of high. The gun had a serious kick, so he had to keep focused to keep his arm steady and hit the target where he wanted each time. He was about halfway through his box when he realized that he felt a lot like he did when his master took him out of himself, when he was so immersed in a scene that nothing but he and Tige mattered. He tried to use the same techniques that his master insisted upon when they were together. He focused on his hands and body, evaluating himself even as he stayed in the zone. He made tiny adjustments and continued, maintaining his breathing and sight. He finished what was in the box and took a moment to examine his shooting. He was doing remarkably well, everything in tight clusters. “Nice shooting,” Poe said, slapping him on the back once their lanes weren’t hot anymore and their weapons were holstered. Ben smiled, happy that they did this today. “We need to do this more often. It’s not good to keep all this stuff bottled up, and I know you aren’t telling the shrink shit,” Poe said once they were cleaned up and heading back to the lot. “Yes, this would be a nice distraction,” Ben admitted, running his fingers over the butt of his gun which was nestled into his shoulder holster which Poe had also brought him. “You’re not giving that back to me, are you?” Poe asked, not sounding mad at all. “No, I am not,” Ben replied, pulling his jacket more tightly around it. “I’m not going to complain. I think you need some protection in that swanky apartment of yours. Frankly, you’re doorman sucks, but if the bossman finds out, I will punch you in that sore ass of yours. Yeah, don’t think I haven’t noticed how gingerly you’ve been sitting down,” Poe warned him. “I won’t get caught,” Ben told him, disliking that Poe was more observant than he gave him credit for. They may have shared a good afternoon, but he wasn’t going to discuss the state of his ass with Poe, now or ever. “Have a good night, man. Stay safe,” Poe said, giving him a quick hug before getting into his own car. He rolled down the window before he could pull away. “Where’s your fancy car anyway?” he asked. “Left it at the warehouse last night. Got a cab,” Ben lied. He didn’t want Poe prying about the personal driver. Poe rolled his eyes. “Only you get given a pricey Benz and can’t be bothered to drive it,” he said before opening his passenger side door. Ben got in without complaint. “Sorry I don’t have a cushion for you. You’ll have to do with the hard leather...but I’m sure you’re used to that,” Poe joked as he pulled out of the lot. Ben punched him in the arm as hard as he could without putting them in jeopardy, but he wasn’t actually mad at him. --- Kylo stripped down in the same office as usual when he got there that night. He wondered if everyone used this office or if they had as many offices as clients. He glanced at his watch before removing it. He was right on time. There had been no instructions today, but that wasn’t really surprising since his master said they’d been taking a step back. Kylo folded his clothes and placed them in the box before he went to pick up his mask. A different one than usual was in its section of the box. This was soft while the other had been structured. Lifting it up, he realized it was made to only cover his eyes, sort of like a sleep mask. The inside of it was very soft, but the outside was either leather or a faux leather. It was impossible to see through once on. Kylo studied it for a couple minutes. He didn’t know why the mask was being changed, but his mind was more than willing to come up with ideas. All of those ideas focused around Kylo being murdered and left in a shallow grave. Maybe it was how well things had gone today at work that made his suddenly distrustful of his master’s plan. His phone began to ring in his pants pocket as he contemplated the mask. He reached in, hoping it wasn’t Poe or his boss. Now was not the time. It was his master. “Sir?” he answered. “I would like you to wear the mask, Kylo,” his master said, sounding put upon. “Yes, sir,” Kylo responded, but he didn’t immediately follow the order. His master sighed. “I am sending for you in my personal quarters. I don’t show anyone my quarters, hence the mask. Now, I expect you to be wearing it by the time the Captain gets to you. If not, I will not hesitate to reprimand you when you come to me,” his master told him. Kylo looked around the small office, knowing that he was being watched but not seeing the camera. He should have expected this. It was right on the contract in bold letters, the facility is constantly monitored by video surveillance for the safety of all participants and staff. “Do you understand, Kylo?” “Yes, sir.” “I will be very displeased if I have to discipline you for failure to follow preparations. You have thirty seconds,” his master said, hanging up before Kylo could say anything else. Kylo looked at the screen for a moment. The General had sounded tired, like Kylo’s disobedience was exhausting. It created a knot in Kylo’s gut, and it wasn’t the pleasant variety that he’d been experiencing the last week. Kylo put on the mask once his phone was back in his pants. He felt unsteady as soon as he couldn’t see. He gripped the box his belongings were in. He had to remind himself that he knew the layout of the room. He’d made sure to study it each night he came in, curious to see if anything changed and also as part of his mapping of the facility. No one came in thirty seconds, and Kylo tried to loosen his grip on the box. He needed to be standing proudly when they came for him. This was a weakness he couldn’t let anyone exploit. A voice at the back of his mind reminded him that he could just take the blindfold off, but he wouldn’t allow himself to do it. He would see this through even if it ended bloody. He always had. When the door opened, he released the box as though he’d been burned, turning toward the intruder and straightening up. He had to remind himself not to raise his arms defensively, but he listened carefully for footsteps so he was prepared if they came at him. “I am pleased that you followed my directions.” It was his master’s voice and not another’s that spoke to Kylo. Kylo’s shoulders lost some of their tension. “Come, there is a clear path from you to me,” his master told him. Kylo took a tentative step toward his master’s voice. He visualized the room in his head and reassured himself that he wasn’t going to trip or run into anything. He kept walking once he got his bearings. “Very good,” his master praised him. Kylo stopped when he felt his master’s bare fingers on his chest. It sent a shiver down his spine as he tried not to melt into his master’s touch right in the front office. He should have more composure than that, especially when moments ago he was imagining his own death. It was funny how easily everything else faded away when his master was near. The General ran his fingertips down Kylo’s chest before taking Kylo’s hand in his own and guiding him forward. Kylo went obediently, feeling less out of sorts now. “Let’s get going,” his master said, positioning himself just behind Kylo with one hand at the small of Kylo’s back and the other clasping his own. Kylo started to walk as his master pressed gently against his back. He tried to walk like he usually would, but he quickly found himself deferring to the General’s gait. His master used his hands to guide Kylo through the facility to an elevator that Kylo hadn’t been aware of. Once they were in the elevator and standing still, his master began to run his hand up and down Kylo’s spine. His fingertips brushed the nape of Kylo’s neck and followed the trail of tingles it created all the way back to the curve of his ass. Kylo wasn’t expecting the soft press of lips against his shoulder blades as the elevator doors dinged out. His breath caught as his master’s lips ghosted over his bare skin, no press of a mask between them. Suddenly, the blindfold made more sense, but that realization was offset by the arousal his master’s lips incited. Without a word of explanation, his master pressed against his back again to guide him out of the elevator. They walked down several hallways which were impossible to map without some sort of reference. This floor wasn’t set up like the main one, and Kylo had no idea if they had gone up or down; the elevator had been so smooth, and he’d been so distracted by his master’s kiss. His master wrapped his arm around Kylo’s belly to bring him to a halt at the correct door. He slipped his hand out of Kylo’s as he entered a code into a digital lock if Kylo’s ears weren’t deceiving him. His master’s hand found its way under the waistband of Kylo’s briefs as he entered the code, and he massaged the area just above Kylo’s cock. If Kylo was going to die, it was certainly going to be a pleasurable demise. When the door slid open of its own power, the General brought his hand to the dip of Kylo’s back and guided him into the room. Kylo’s bare feet immediately came into contact with very soft carpet, much like the square in their playroom. “I have work to get done tonight. I want you to sit with me while I do it. You are not to speak unless directly spoken to. The only exception is if you need to use the facility, and you must ask me and I will show you to it. Is this understood?” his master asked, stepping away from Kylo once he was standing in the room. “Yes, sir,” Kylo told him. He didn’t understand how this was considered play, but he hadn’t understood how a lot of his master’s ideas could be either until they happened. “How is your buttocks feeling today?” his master asked, his voice coming from somewhere across the room. “It’s tender,” Kylo told him, knowing that his master would see through a lie and not be pleased with him. He still didn’t want to emphasize it too much. “Did you put anything on it today?” Kylo could hear papers being moved around as his master did something. “Just when I woke up.” “Do you have aloe to put on it as well as the lotion I sent with you?” he asked, moving in Kylo’s direction again. “No.” “I will have some waiting in your container when you leave tonight. Before you go to sleep, I want you to shower then dry yourself. Don’t get dressed. Go to your bed with the lotion I give you and lie on your stomach. Prop your hips up on two pillows, so your buttocks is elevated. Then I want you to apply the lotion and remain like that for at least twenty minutes,” his master ordered, returning to Kylo’s personal space to guide him again. “In the morning, use aloe.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said as he was guided to kneel. “Sit. Is the pillow uncomfortable?” his master asked as Kylo felt a very plush cushion beneath himself. Kylo seated his tender ass on the cushion, but it didn’t hurt anymore than it already did. “No, Sir,” Kylo told him. “Good. Stay,” his master said, leaving his side again and making noise around the room. “Did you eat before you came tonight?” his master called from what seemed like another room. “A little, sir.” The truth was that it was hard to eat with the anticipation for the evening creating flutters in his belly. He’d forced down an energy bar as usual, but it had been a struggle. “Are you hungry?” Kylo stopped to assess himself. His belly had stopped doing flip flops at the thought of food since he arrived. He wasn’t starving, but he could definitely eat. “A little,” he admitted. “A little what?” his master asked. “Sir,” Kylo said. It was the same tactic that his drill instructors had used when he would forget to add their title to a statement. It was less grating when his master did it, possibly because food and pleasure were being offered. “Do you enjoy hummus? I’m afraid I haven’t had much time to prepare a meal today” his master said apologetically. “I do enjoy hummus, sir,” Kylo said, adjusting himself to get more comfortable. His master didn’t say anything else until he eventually returned. Kylo could feel the air shift around him as his master came to sit in front of him. Kylo realized he was in front of a couch or chair as he felt his master’s legs on either side of him, brushing against his arms and leaving goosebumps in their wake. “Here,” his master said, taking Kylo’s chin in hand and resting his other hand on Kylo’s shoulder. He guided Kylo to lean against his right leg and rest his head in his lap. A shiver ran down Kylo’s back at how intimate the position was. His master took his hands back and began moving things around him, but after a minute he settled. Kylo heard the telltale ‘pop pop’ of a touch screen keyboard as he became aware of something just above his head, perhaps a phone or tablet. Then his master’s fingers worked their way into Kylo’s hair, massaging and scratching gently. Kylo hummed and closed his eyes behind the blindfold. His master’s hands were a gift, and Kylo couldn’t help relaxing into the security of his position. After a few minutes of silence, his master’s hand receded and came back with what smelled like hummus. His master brought it to Kylo’s lips without a word, and Kylo opened his mouth to accept it. It was delicious, smooth and creamy and offset by the crisp cracker it rested on. Kylo took the bite sized piece and savored it as his master’s thumb caressed his jaw. After a few minutes, his master brought another bite of food to his lips. This time it was a carrot dipped in the hummus. Kylo took this as well, chewing it carefully as he nuzzled against his master’s thigh. This was relaxing. There were no rules other than to sit together. There were no elaborate plans and scenes. It was just the two of them in his master’s private rooms, sharing a meal of sorts. Even though Kylo had worried about not continuing their exploration, there was something enticing about this as well. There was something that required even more trust to just sit together in silence with no action to fill the time. Kylo was so relaxed that he didn't notice that his master had stopped feeding him and stroking his hair until he began to hear light snores coming from just above him. Kylo frowned as they continued for several minutes. It was then that Kylo realized that his master had been feeding him or touching him at all times, so he couldn't have possibly eaten any of the food himself. He'd also stayed up talking to Kylo without any input from Kylo until at least four in the morning. He'd probably talked a while after Kylo had fallen asleep if the call log was anything to go by. “You idiot,” Kylo mumbled as he began to rub his master's thigh gently. Tige had likely stayed up most of the night in order to make sure that Kylo was alright—all because he’d been worried about Kylo, because Kylo hadn’t stayed with him. Then he'd probably run trainings and meetings all day to ensure that his staff was ready for the evening. Kylo still had trouble wrapping his head around how meticulously the warehouse was run. Hux ran it much better than Ben's office was run. When things needed to get done in a short time, Hux had it done and no one seemed to question him. At the Bureau, Ben had to jump through hoops every time he needed a new roll of toilet paper in the office bathroom, never mind when he needed something actually vital to a case. His master sighed in his sleep as Kylo continued to rub his leg gently. This encouraged Kylo, and he nuzzled his cheek against his master's other thigh. A small moan escaped his master's lips as he shifted slightly. Kylo knew he should take advantage of his master's negligence. He should take off the mask and snoop around, but he also didn't doubt that his master might have surveillance here as well if he had it in the office. His master wasn’t a fool. Kylo didn't want to snoop either though. His master was allowed a private life, and while the Bureau would disagree Kylo didn’t want to risk alienating his bond of trust with his master. He felt an overwhelming urge to care for his master because he had clearly run himself down in the attempt to care for Kylo while balancing his duties as “The General.” Slowly, Kylo sat up. He didn't touch the blindfold, but he felt around to know exactly where the tray of food was as well as the tablet that his master had been reading was. Then he rubbed both of his master's thighs as he slowly rose from the cushion. His master groaned softly as Kylo worked his way higher, running his hands up his sides and over his chest and shoulders. Kylo heard his master startle awake as Kylo settled himself in his lap, straddling his spread thighs. “Kylo?” he asked, sounding completely disoriented. “What the hell are you doing?” he demanded as he seemed to pull himself together. Kylo couldn’t see his face, but he knew the angry twist of his lips that his master likely wore. “You didn't eat anything, and you're working yourself to death,” Kylo told him very softly, rubbing his hands over his master's upper arms. He kept his tone gentle, knowing he could be intimidating especially with the upper hand. He didn’t want to threaten his master, just care for him. “Why are you on top of me?” the General asked, clearly not understanding Kylo's leap of logic. “You were up all night taking care of me, and now you've run yourself into the ground. I didn't just read the section on sub drop, sir. You aren't taking care of your own needs because you're so worried about keeping everything else together,” Kylo told him, leaning forward and pressing his lips to the crook of his master's neck. Such a simple kiss felt exhilarating to Kylo. It was the first time he'd been able to press his lips to his master in such an innocent manner, and even though he'd taken it without explicit permission the way his master shuddered beneath his lips told him that it had been just as yearned for by him. “It is my job to make sure everything runs smoothly, Kylo. Just as it is your job to follow my commands...” “You haven't commanded me to get down yet,” Kylo told him shrewdly. “ Kylo ...” “Let me take care of you, Master. Let me show you how well I can serve you. Let me give you something because you've given me everything,” Kylo begged softly, keeping his lips just beside his master's ear. He could feel his master trembling, and Kylo reached down and felt around for a piece of carrot before dipping it in the hummus. He brought it up to his master's lips and waited. His master did nothing for a long moment before Kylo felt him opened his lips and take a bite of the food. “You will be punished for such insubordination,” he warned Kylo once he finished chewing. He was too controlled to talk with his mouth full. “I'll take any punishment you give me, so long as you let me take care of you,” Kylo told him. His master sighed, but he took Kylo's hand in his and brought it to his mouth, taking the last piece of carrot from his fingers and nipping gently at them. “I asked you to stay last night,” he said softly, sounding almost sad. It wasn’t an accusatory statement, more a slip of the lips because he was either still groggy or too relaxed. “I didn't realize that you needed me. I'm sorry,” Kylo told him, lifting his hand to run it through his master's hair. It was like burying his fingers in strands of silk, and he shamelessly touched his master because he couldn't get enough of it. “You aren't paying me for that. It's my job to take care of you not the other way...” “Maybe I need to feel like I can take care of someone too. You're always focused on what I need, but maybe I need this just as much as I need to be put in my place or told you're proud of me. May I need to know that I can give you what you need too,” Kylo said, leaning forward and bumping his master with his nose twice before finding his lips and kissing him in earnest. His master’s mouth was addicting. “Kylo,” his master sighed as they parted. “I need to know you're okay, and I don't think I can trust you to do that yourself. So, I will risk not being able to sit for a week for some peace of mind.” “Okay,” Hux told him, leaning forward and pressing his forehead to Kylo's. “Good. Now, first you need to eat more than one bite of hummus and a baby carrot,” Kylo said with more authority. “You get a little power, and now you're giving orders,” his master said, sounding both annoyed and amused. The man clearly didn't like to be on the receiving end of instructions. Kylo didn't care though. He had bigger concerns than his master's pride. His master had plenty of pride to spare even if he gave some up tonight. Kylo picked up another carrot and dipped it into the hummus before bringing it up to where he believed his master's lips were. His master was quicker at accepting it this time, and he kissed Kylo's shoulder when he was finished. It was a pleasant reward, and they developed a rhythm. They did this for a while, Kylo finding food to give him, and his master taking it before kissing Kylo softly. “No more,” his master finally said after he'd eaten at least ten carrots all loaded with more hummus than was probably necessary. Kylo was sure that the blindfold was doing a lot for how sexy he found this to be as he’d never considered hummus to be a sexy food. However, he did find feeding his master to be a beautiful activity. Kylo nodded, leaning in to press his lips to the crook of his master's neck again. “How are you feeling?” he asked, kissing the soft skin there and ignoring the stubble he felt along his master's jaw. Clearly his master hadn't had time or hadn't cared enough to shave that morning which was jarring as he was always clean shaven. “I'm fine, Kylo.” Kylo scoffed. “You aren’t, so consider it again. Evaluate yourself , Master,” Kylo threw his own words at him, and he could tell immediately that his master didn't like that at all. He swatted Kylo on the ass before answering. “I am allowing you to show your concern, but I'm not about to let you disrespect me with cheeky remarks.” Kylo couldn’t help it. Even here with his master, he had the unfortunate Solo cheek. “Then be honest with me.” It earned him a second slap on the ass, but his master ran his fingers up Kylo's back afterward. “I feel exhausted, Kylo, but I am pleasantly full now. Is there anything else you would like to know?” His master sounded as tired as he admitted to being, and it worried Kylo deeply. “What can I do to make you more comfortable?” Kylo asked, kissing his master's neck again. His master grumbled, but he wrapped his arms around Kylo. “Your presence is a wonderful comfort, thank you.” “May I continue to kiss you, Master?” Kylo asked, trying to hide the eagerness he felt under a tone of concern. He wanted to map his master’s body with his lips now that he’d had a taste of him. His master laughed softly. “You are a very demanding slave.” “ You are a stubborn master who doesn't take care of himself and expects me to just watch you work yourself to death.” Kylo stole a kiss anyway, and his master melted against him, moaning softly as Kylo kissed him just as firmly as his words. Kylo wrapped his arms around his master's shoulders, pulling him forward and deepening the kiss. He gave up trying to argue with his master. There was no way of winning a battle of wills, but he didn't need to win with words if he just kept kissing him. His master gripped his back, digging his nails in and holding him tightly. He returned Kylo’s kisses with equal fervor. “I want to kiss you everywhere,” Kylo admitted, running his fingers down his master’s back and dipping them into the waistband of his pants. “I suppose you want me naked too,” his master said dryly. “I’ve wanted you naked since our first night together,” Kylo said, tugging his master’s shirt out of his pants and slipping his fingers under the soft fabric. “Incorrigible,” his master chastised him, but he cupped his palms around Kylo’s jaw and kissed him more demandingly. “What benefit to my health is nudity going to serve, Dr. Ren ?” he asked. “It will serve to better see that state of you,” Kylo told him, nipping his master’s full bottom lip. This whole night was shaping up to be an interesting experiment. His master scoffed. “I should put you over my knee right now and show you some respect…” “But you aren’t. You’re going to let me take off this uncomfortable shirt and worship you,” Kylo told him confidently. His master sighed and pulled back. “Go ahead, take it off,” he said. Kylo wasted no time attacking the buttons down the front of his master’s shirt. He fumbled with them, so eager to be able to touch his master’s chest. His master seemed to become tired of Kylo’s fumbling and took Kylo’s hands in his, steadying his fingers. “I’m not going to take this away, Kylo. You don’t have to rush. What are you afraid of?” his master asked, pulling Kylo’s hands up and kissing his fingertips once all of the buttons were undone. “I want you to enjoy this.” “I assure you, you wouldn’t be doing it if I wasn’t. Now, what are you afraid of?” “I’m afraid I wasn’t here when you needed me,” Kylo admitted, leaning forward and pressing his forehead to his master’s. “You’re here now. I told you I couldn’t make you stay…” “I should’ve.” “I doubt we would’ve gotten much rest, and I still would’ve had to work early…” “But I would’ve been there.” “I am okay, Kylo. I’m just tired. I’ve been doing this a long time. I know how to take care of myself.” “And you choose not to.” His master didn’t seem to have a response to that, and Kylo took the opening. He moved the tray of food to the floor, shoving it away. Then he pushed his master down onto the couch lengthwise. Feeling around for his master’s arms, he grabbed him by the wrists and brought them around his neck. His master arched up to kiss him, burying his fingers in the hair at the nape of his neck. Kylo let his own hands rove over his master’s chest and stomach, loving the feeling of smooth skin beneath his fingers. He ran his fingers over his master’s belly and felt the softness of it. He wasn’t all hard plans the way Kylo’s stomach was, and it fascinated Kylo. Moving lower, Kylo kissed over his master’s chest until he reached his belly. He nuzzled him and kissed him, nipping gently at the softness. He wasn’t expecting his master to moan. In fact, he’d been expecting a firm slap for such a bold move. His master’s pleasure encouraged him though, and he kissed him again. “I love your body,” Kylo said, running his fingers down his master’s sides as he rubbed his cheek to his stomach. It was a bold statement. The word love probably shouldn’t have been used in such a place, but it was the best word to describe how he felt. “I don’t see what is so fascinating about it,” his master retorted, running his fingers through Kylo’s hair eagerly. He made no attempt to dislodge Kylo even though he sounded baffled by Kylo’s affection. “It’s yours. I love all of you,” Kylo admitted. “Such a good slave,” his master said, wrapping his legs around Kylo’s waist as Kylo continued to worship his stomach. He pressed a kiss to one of his master’s soft hipbones, and he smiled as his master bucked his hips and moaned again, this time with more power behind it. Kylo sucked hard at the flesh over his master’s hip, and he arched into it again. His voice cracked as he cried out, gripping Kylo’s hair tightly but not pulling him away. Moving to the other hip, Kylo gave it the same treatment, loving the way his master moved into his every touch. “May I?” Kylo asked between kisses along the waistband of his master’s pants. “Would you take no for an answer?” his master asked dryly. “I would certainly try to make you reconsider, but yes if you really wanted them to stay on I wouldn’t argue,” Kylo told him, slipping his tongue beneath the waistband. He could taste the light sweat on his master’s skin, and it was addictive. He swiped his tongue again before biting softly just above his pants. “Christ,” his master groaned. “Take them off, taking them off already. What are you waiting for?” Kylo laughed as he gripped his master’s pants and roughly pulled them down his thighs as his master arched up. He followed the line of his master’s legs and pulled off his loafers then pulled his pants off completely. Bending down again, he nuzzled against the underwear covering his master’s crotch. He nipped gently at his soft cock through the material, and his master moved against him. “Yes,” he gasped, pushing his own underwear lower to encourage Kylo and bunching it beneath Kylo’s lips. Kylo held his tongue, but he wanted to chastise his master’s impatience. He knew it wouldn’t be a welcome statement, and he didn’t want to ruin the moment. Instead, he tugged his master’s underwear off as well then laid himself over him. He pressed his own clothed erection against his master’s cock. “Kiss me,” his master demanded, pulling Kylo in and capturing his lips in a rough kiss. Kylo met his demands, reaching between them and grabbing at his briefs. His master gripped his arm. “No contact,” he said. “I’m clean.” “You don’t know that I am,” his master insisted. “When was the last time you tested positive for anything?” Kylo asked. “ Kylo .” “When?” His master sighed, rubbing against him again. “Six years ago.” “For what?” “Gonorrhea. Treatable.” “And do you have anything else that isn’t?” “You can’t be certain.” “I trust you.” “That’s why I have to be the one to insist,” his master told him, squeezing Kylo’s hand gently. Kylo groaned. “What can I do then?” he asked, rolling his hips and groaning at the friction. He felt his master cup his cheek, and it soothed his frustration immediately. “Just keep doing what you’re doing. I didn’t take anything before you got here.” “Take anything?” Kylo asked, moving his whole body against his master’s and loving the press of skin on skin. “No pill, no erection, Kylo,” his master sighed, sounding completely comfortable with the answer. Kylo didn’t know a single person who would comfortably tell him that they needed a pill to get it up. His father had had the prescription for years, and he’d sooner shoot Kylo than let him mention it. Poe prided himself on being able to pleasure his lovers for hours. Guys in the academy boasted about their sex drives all the time. Yet here was his master who regularly gave Kylo pleasure the likes of which he’d rarely if ever felt before, admitting such a personal thing. Kylo smiled. He couldn’t see his master’s face behind the blindfold, but he imagined he was wearing that haughty ‘not smile’ of his. “Am I allowed to try to prove that wrong?” Kylo asked, using his thumb to rub against his master’s very sensitive hipbone. “You may do anything you like, so long as you are safe about it,” his master told him, sealing the permission with a kiss. Kylo pulled his master close kissing down his neck and across his right shoulder. He ran his hand down his master’s opposite side wrapping his long fingers around his bicep. He kissed down his arm, pausing where he thought his master’s tattoo was to nuzzle the skin. All the while, his hips didn’t let up rubbing against his master. He brought his master’s fingers to his lips, and he sucked them one by one. He was rewarded with a long moan from his master, so he pressed his tongue against his middle finger, teasing it seductively. “Aren’t you a filthy little creature,” his master sighed, shifting beneath Kylo. Kylo could feel a little life in his master. He wasn’t fully hard, but there was something there, a stirring. He tried to ignore it. Touting his minimal victory would only jeopardize what his master was feeling. “I want you on your belly,” Kylo said roughly, coming back up to kiss his master’s neck. “You’re going to have to put me there because I don’t just roll over for a disobedient slave,” his master challenged, even though he sounded breathless. Kylo growled, wrapping his arms around his master’s waist and trying to turn him over. His master put up a good fight, wiggling and gripping Kylo’s wrists. Kylo couldn’t see what he was doing, so he didn’t notice how precariously balanced at the edge of the couch they were until his master pushed him and he tipped right over the side. Hitting the plush carpet didn’t hurt at all, but his master followed him down, straddling Kylo and making quick grabs for his hands. Kylo growled, bucking his hips to displace his master. He was good at hanging on though. He rode Kylo even as he bucked wildly. “You still have to earn it,” his master teased. Kylo grunted in frustration and rolled them instead. “Shit,” his master said as they upset the tray beside them, sending things in all directions. Kylo used his master’s momentary distraction to free his hands and grab him around the waist, rolling his master under him. He stayed on his knees and carried his master back near the couch. “You will put me down this instant,” his master insisted as Kylo tried to move them to safety without use of sight. He ended up with a palm covered in hummus. “As you wish,” Kylo said, dropping him onto the cushion Kylo had sat on at the start of the night. “Loathsome brute,” his master said, slapping Kylo’s chest lightly, but then dragging his nails down it. Kylo groaned. “None of that. I was being gentle until you started being contrary,” Kylo told him, gentling his touch again. “I enjoy seeing just how strong you are. It is incredibly appealing, knowing I have you at my service when you could easily take whatever you want,” his master replied, burying his fingers in Kylo’s hair and pulling him in for another long kiss. “Are you feeling better?” Kylo asked, running his fingers down his side and cradling his master to him. He didn’t think he’d ever felt anything so good as his master’s legs wrapped around him, even the orgasm he’d felt the night before paled in comparison. They were long and powerful, and they held him just right. “Yes, I think we needed this,” he admitted, rocking his body against Kylo’s gently. “I do too,” Kylo said, pressing their cheeks together as they moved in tandem. “Fuck, I love having you pressed against me.” “I do as well,” his master whispered against the shell of his ear. They rocked together, exploring each other’s bodies with their hands and mouths for what seemed like hours. Every once in awhile, one of the would push things further, and they would rough house until they knocked against something. He finally did get his master onto his belly after some underhanded maneuvers, but his master quickly forgave him as Kylo pressed himself to his master’s back. He kissed along his master’s shoulder blades as he rubbed his clothed erection against his master’s ass. His master whimpered softly, pressing back against Kylo before thrusting forward and rubbing against the carpet. Kylo moaned loudly just from the knowledge that he could have this effect on his master. He kissed down his spine and pulled his master up so his hips were raised. He slipped his hand around him and gently stroked his master’s almost full erection as he continued to kiss him. His master let himself be pleasured for a while before changing their positions and pinning Kylo to the floor. He rocked their hips together, kissing and nipping at Kylo hungrily. While neither of them got off, Kylo was fairly certain that his master’s private rooms were a mess by the time they gave in to exhaustion and relaxation and finally just laid in each other’s arms. Even without climax, Kylo felt incredibly satisfied. He understood why his master could say he enjoy their time even without orgasm. “You’re endurance is staggering,” his master panted, running his fingers through Kylo’s sweaty hair as he rested against Kylo’s chest. “You didn’t seem to have any trouble keeping up even if you were falling asleep before,” Kylo retorted. “The incentive was quite powerful,” his master said, pressing a soft kiss to Kylo’s lips. “I am even more exhausted now though.” “Can I stay with you tonight?” Kylo asked, wrapping his master in a sweaty hug. “Not here, but if you do not mind sleeping in the playroom, I would not be opposed to it,” his master told him. “I don’t mind. I want to be close to you. You worried me tonight,” Kylo said. “I told you that I’ve been doing this for a long time and can take care of myself…” “And I told you that I need to feel like I can give something back to you.” “You give me so much already, Kylo. You make every scene a pleasure.” Kylo smiled, feeling truly valued, but he didn’t give in. “I have one rule if you stay the night,” Tige said, running his fingers up and down Kylo’s chest. “Anything.” “Not so hasty. You must face your punishment for disobeying orders and destroying my living room,” his master told him. “What will that be?” Kylo asked, not afraid of any physical punishment. “You must sleep on the floor, of course. I cannot permit such a disobedient animal into my bed,” his master said, pressing one last kiss to Kylo’s cheek. “Fuck,” Kylo groaned, lifting his head and hitting it against the carpet. It was fair, but it worse than any sort of corporal punishment—to be so close yet unable to hold his master like this or share his warmth. “If you use such vulgar language again, I may be forced to clean your mouth out as well.” “I’ll stay. I can sleep on the floor,” Kylo agreed. “I thought you might agree.” Kylo sighed, letting his master get up and then help him to his own feet. His master led him down to the playroom where he let Kylo change into an actual sleep mask before getting on the hard floor. His master stripped him of his underwear and rubbed his ass with lotion before laying a blanket over him and telling his to sleep. Kylo heard him get himself ready for bed before settling in as well. It was hard to fall asleep with his master so close, but as he heard his master’s breathing begin to even out his own body began to relax. “Thank you for caring for me tonight, Kylo,” his master whispered as Kylo was on the brink of sleep. “You were right. I needed you.” Kylo could tell that his master felt obligated to admit it, but he was also hoping that Kylo had already fallen asleep. So, Kylo didn’t respond, but he slept easily despite the hard floor beneath him. And when he woke the same time he did every morning, there was a second blanket over his body and his master was sleeping beside him. He knew he shouldn’t, but he pulled his master to him. He went easily, sighing against Kylo’s skin as he was held. “You didn’t have to come down here. This is my punishment,” Kylo said, worried that his master needed good rest on a real bed after yesterday. “It is my choice whether I join you,” his master mumbled. “You needed rest though.” “Maybe I wanted to be close to my slave.” Kylo sighed, kissing his master’s cheek and forehead. “Must you always test the boundaries?” his master murmured, still mostly asleep from the sound of it. “Always,” Kylo said, nuzzling against him and letting himself fall back to sleep. His master was certainly worth sleeping in for. Notes: Chapter warnings: implied dom drop, blindfolds, brief use of slurs, food/hand feeding, guns, discussion of STIs, anorgasmia/desensitization. Chapter 9 : Sensation Play Notes: Well, sorry this took awhile. Real life was a grand slap in the face this week. I hope you enjoy a little slice of escapism. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Tige's phone went off at some point, and Kylo felt his master move away from him to answer it. “I'm in the playroom,” he said in response to whoever was on the other end of the line. “No, he is here as well. I will remind you that I know what I am doing.” His master sounded annoyed as he spoke. “Yes, I am fine...That is none of your concern. I will be up in an hour...Have I ever been late in my life?” His master hung up without another word. “Did I get you in trouble?” Kylo asked when his master returned and pulled back the covers. “I do not get in trouble, Kylo. Some people just think they know what's best for me. You are among them,” his master retorted, sounding very put upon. Kylo ignored the bait. “How are you feeling?” Kylo asked, running his fingers over his mask, itching to take it off. “Leave it and get on the bed,” his master told him. “That doesn't answer my question,” Kylo said, still pushing the limits of his master's tolerance. It was easier to do in the morning. There was no precedent for how he should behave after waking up beside his master. “I am growing tired of that question.” “If you answered it the first time I asked, then you wouldn't hear it as often,” Kylo told him, climbing onto the bed. His master wrapped his arms around Kylo and rested against him. “I am feeling more rested and more sure...” “So you were feeling a drop last night,” Kylo pressed. His master sighed. “It isn't that simple, Kylo. I was feeling drained and psychologically fatigued yesterday, but it wasn’t overwhelming. It wasn’t crippling. I've learned to manage that kind of drop...” “You shouldn't have to.” “Kylo, it is as much a part of my job as taking care of my clients. Everyone makes compromises for their work. Some people put their children in childcare. Some eat fast food instead of a home cooked meal. Some see doctors or self medicate to cope with stress. Some put themselves in danger. I’m no different. My compromises fit the work I do,” his master told him. Kylo balled his fists, but he didn't argue. It wasn't his place to argue. He knew he couldn't tell his master what to do with his life and livelihood. “I appreciate your concern, Kylo.” Kylo nodded, keeping his emotions in check but pulling his master closer to him. Kylo knew that this side of their relationship was forbidden, perhaps for both of them. However, he couldn't fight it. Just like he couldn't take the blindfold off last night. He didn't want this to stop even though he had the power to end it. “Do you have obligations today?” His master pointedly changed the subject. It was the weekend, so technically Kylo shouldn't have had to be at his pretend office. He didn't have to go to the Bureau today either unless there was an important development. “No.” “Would you be inclined to staying the day? I have things that need handling that I believe you could assist me with,” his master said. “Really? You want my help?” Kylo asked, disbelieving. “You have done a fine job with every task I’ve laid out for you, and you showed remarkable initiative and understanding last night,” his master told him. “Yes, sir. I’ll stay,” Kylo said, excited by the possibilities. This could be his opportunity to scope the facility and create a plan. “Very good. Let's get cleaned up then,” his master said, getting Kylo out of bed and leading him to the bathroom. “I am leaving clothing and a mask for you on the bed, Kylo. I must go to my own rooms to prepare. When I return, I want you to be ready to go. We will eat breakfast then I will show you what you will be doing today while I run trainings,” his master explained once they were washed up. His fingers had barely left Kylo’s body the entire time. “Yes, sir.” “Good. I will return shortly.” With that, his master left him in the playroom. As soon as the door shut behind him, Kylo pulled off the sleep mask went to the bed. There were a pair of briefs that looked identical to the ones he often wore, and his master had gotten the size and brand correct. Beside them was a beige sort of jumpsuit and a reflective vest. Kylo cringed at the awful looking outfit, but he put it on anyway. Finally, he picked up the mask his master had left for him. It wasn't his usual mask, this one covered his entire face. It was an all black faceplate with a thick tie to hold it securely in place. Kylo knew immediately that he was not meant to speak today. He lifted up the mask and held it over his face. The eye holes were narrow, but he could see out of them. His field of vision was just very diminished. “It will be more practical for your day's activities,” his master's voice was just behind him. Kylo whirled, barely holding the mask in place. His vision was narrowed to the point that all he could see was his master, who was wearing all black. Kylo looked him up and down, impressed that he got his tall boots on so fast. The uniform fit his master precisely, and Kylo was a little jealous of how the fabric was allowed to cling to him when Kylo rarely could. “Here, let me,” his master said, stepping forward and motioning for Kylo to turn his back again. Kylo tipped his head back as his master took the ties and pulled them to secure the mask. He tied them tight enough that the mask wouldn't move, but not so tight as to be uncomfortable. When he finished the knot, he ran his fingers through Kylo's hair to get it out from behind the tie. “I had one of the others bring up your boots. They're beside the door. Would you like me to send for breakfast, or do you not mind going down to the dining room?” his master asked him. Kylo wanted to eat alone with Tige before they had to face the day, but he knew that was selfish because this was a good opportunity to see another part of the facility. “We can go down, sir,” Kylo told him. “Excellent. You will eat at my feet,” his master warned. Kylo turned, stepping right into his master's personal space. “As I did last night?” he asked, nuzzling his master's neck though the mask prevented any meaningful contact. “If you get fresh at breakfast, I will discipline you right in front of all the masters.” Kylo smiled behind the mask, but he realized his master couldn't see it. The full mask took away any playful expressions, and even changed his speech a bit as it limited his jaw movement. “You will get used to the mask,” his master told him, patting his chest and turning away from him. Clearly, the barrier didn't stop him from knowing Kylo's mood. “Follow,” his master ordered, and Kylo let himself be led to the door where he put his boots on. Then they went to the elevator and to the first floor. The kitchen was at the back of the facility, and it was massive. There were at least ten tables, and each had nearly ten people seated at it. Kylo couldn't help himself from looking around as they entered. The whole room got quiet as they walked through the door. He could feel all of their eyes on he and his master. They watched as his master walked across the room with his chin up. Some of the people wore masks while others didn't. There was no way for Kylo to memorize all of their faces especially with his limited vision, so he focused on his master instead. They went into a kitchen area and his master took a tray. He didn't tell Kylo to take one, so Kylo assumed they would be sharing. He didn't dare take his own, not while they were being so scrutinized. His master didn't speak as he walked down the food line. He piled some scrambled eggs onto his plate as well as some bacon. He ladled himself a bowl of oatmeal as well as some fresh fruit. The food all smelled delicious as they passed it, and there were several people milling about behind the counter preparing things and making sure the trays were full. They all wore masks like Kylo's and they didn't make a sound as he and his master walked through. There were pancakes and waffles at the end, and Kylo's mouth watered as he looked at the fruit baked into them. His master turned his nose up at that though and walked away. Kylo was forced to hurry to keep up. His master led him to a table at the back of the dining room where the Captain sat with another one of the masters. “You brought the slave to breakfast,” the Captain said, sounding displeased with this development. Kylo didn’t know her well enough to know if she was always displeased, or she specifically had a distaste for him. “He needs to eat,” Tige said, taking the open chair beside hers and pointing to the linoleum floor beside it. Kylo sank to his knees on the hard floor. They were still sensitive from the rice, but he swallowed his pride and bowed his head. “It is unprecedented,” she said, clearly measuring her words. “He is unprecedented,” his master replied, running his fingers through Kylo's hair. The Captain said nothing else, Kylo stayed still as his master ate his meal. Kylo could still feel eyes on him, but he ignored them. No one seemed bold enough to speak out against his master. People came and went as his master ate, and after nearly a half an hour, his master put his tray on the floor. “I expect you to finish it,” his master told him. “Head to the floor.” Kylo bent forward, pushing his mask up just enough to free his mouth as he picked up a piece of bacon with his teeth. Pushing the mask up also made it impossible to see because the eye holes were around his forehead. It should've been degrading. It should've been embarrassing. He could still feel everyone's eyes on him, but his master's hands had not left his back. They gently rubbed his shoulders through the thick jumpsuit, and Kylo knew that he was sending a message to those around them. Kylo was his. No one at the table said anything, but his master had only eaten the oatmeal and part of the fruit. Kylo got to eat five pieces of bacon, the delicious scrambled eggs which had been seasoned perfectly and filled his stomach, and the sliced strawberries and pineapple—which he always at the most of when his master fed him after a scene. The meal was clearly a reward even if he was forced to eat it like a dog. Kylo didn't doubt for a second that the Captain and the others around them noticed exactly what his master had done. General Hux wasn't one for leaving things to interpretation. He sent a clear message when one was needed. His master waited until Kylo was finished, then he put two fingers beneath Kylo's collar and pulled him up. He wiped Kylo's mouth clean with a napkin, and Kylo could feel the bits of food fall away. It hadn't been a neat way to eat, and he felt like a child whose mother had to rub their mouth before they ran back outside to play. The embarrassment was better than having it caked under the mask though. “Stand,” his master commanded, rising from his own seat. Kylo rose, lifting the empty tray as well. “Put it on top of the trash bin,” his master ordered, and Kylo walked over to the nearest bin and threw away the garbage before putting the tray with the others. His master met him in the center of the room, and Kylo silently followed him out of the dining room. He could hear the masters begin to gossip as soon as they stepped out of the room. “Pay them no attention,” his master told him as they walked. “Today, I will have you help sort our shipment of supplies. Every Saturday we receive a shipment of goods for the week. You will unload them at the docking ramp, and you will sort them. There will be a list there with what goes where. One of the workers will show you where to take everything. I know I do not have to tell you this, but if you are told to take something to a specific playroom or office, you are to deliver the goods, leave them in the open or where the worker tells you, and you are to touch or look at nothing else. Playrooms are private. They are for a master and their slave, and you nor anyone else has any business snooping through it. And don’t forget to listen Kylo. I expect you’ll learn a lot today.” His master led him down a long hallway that cut through the back of the facility. Kylo could see the river through the windows as well as the loading area. “I have a training this morning. I will come for you for lunch, then after lunch you may take you leave or rest in the playroom,” his master told him as he pushed open the large doors into the loading docks. There were people wearing masks like Kylo's own, carrying boxes and pushing carts and pallets. They all wore beige coveralls and safety vests. It looked like a regular warehouse. “Eli,” his master called as they came to the center of the massive room. A man with a safety vest with ELI written on the nameplate walked over to them. “What can I do for you, General?” the man asked. Kylo gauged the man to be in his thirties or forties based on his hands and posture. He was old enough for his veins to be showing and to have a steady confidence, but not too old. “This is Matt. He will be assisting down here today. Have him unload the trucks, sort, and bring the parcels up to the warehouse,” his master told him. “Sure, thing, sir. It's always good to have another set of hands around here.” Kylo said nothing about the name his master had chosen. He just kept his head up and followed Eli as he waved for him. He couldn’t see whether his master watched him as he got settled because his mask prevented it. However, he doubted his master had the time. Still, he imagining his master watching. It didn’t take very long for the other workers to start jibing him as he carried boxes off the truck. Kylo couldn’t really tell if they were simply hazing the new guy or if they knew he belonged to the General. “How’s the General’s bitch doing?” one of the workers asked as Kylo carried two heavy boxes over each of his shoulders. Kylo didn’t respond, but he danced out of the path of Wally’s foot so as not to trip. If he accidentally turned to whack the other man with the long box he carried it was only to avoid falling. “Asshole,” Wally called after him. “Don’t pay attention to him. He was hoping to get a different job here, if you know what I mean,” another worker said. Kylo read Darlene on their vest. “You’ll be with me. I handle deliveries to the pleasure palace,” she said, with a hint of humor in her voice. “The pleasure palace?” Kylo asked behind the mask. “Oh boy, honey. You work deliveries and you see it all. When masters need more juice to fit whatever the hell they’re sticking in their clients, they call me. I’ve seen more holes being stuffed than anyone in this ‘establishment.’ Sex ain’t pretty, but the General sure does know how to give people what they want most,” she said, waving for Kylo to follow her. Kylo tucked that information away, and followed Darlene. “The first thing to know working around here is that masters and suppliers don’t mix. Masters are touchy and irritable. They make the big bucks, and they are completely intolerable about it. The General is very selective about who he hires, but some well polished shit slips through. Most of them have either been in the business for years and are looking for something secure and steady, or they are chosen by the General,” she said as they walked into another massive room where six other people stood opening boxes and checking the contents. “How does one even go about applying here?” Kylo asked, realizing a second too late that he should know if he were actually a worker. Darlene turned to him, and her posture said she was smiling behind that expressionless mask. “Same way you did, no doubt. The General has a way of finding you, not the other way around,” she said. Kylo puzzled over that as she showed him to a station and handed him a clipboard. “Make sure everything is in the boxes then check it off. Once that’s done, you’ll get a list of demands from the palace. Put the supplies in the empty boxes and line them up for delivery,” she explained. “When that’s all done, you’ll go with the others on deliveries. They’ll show you where to take things. Good luck. Don’t screw up. The General doesn’t tolerate mistakes.” Kylo nodded and got to work. He could hear the others chattering around him, but they didn’t talk to him. They ignored him for the most part, and that was fine with him. This wasn’t the sort of help he’d imagined he’d give to his master, but it made the time pass. Eventually the others began to gossip, and Kylo got an earful about the General and the Captain. Evidently, the suppliers were split between them being lovers or ex-lovers. “The Captain was his master. I’m telling you, she took his virginity,” one woman said as she quickly checked off items on her clipboard. “Enough of that already. You are obsessed ,” another said. “They’ve just worked together forever. Not to mention, it’s like thinking about your parents fucking.” “She’s jealous that he took a new slave. He hasn’t done so in five years. They are totally lovers, and she is pissed,” a third person said from the back of the room. “She takes a slave every session,” the second argued. “Because she’s his master! She makes the rules. She probably makes him watch her fuck them on video feed up in his rooms,” the first cut in again. Kylo’s head spun as he listened. It wasn’t his business, but it certainly made things feel more complicated. “Enough gossiping about the General. He’d have your heads if he heard any of this. Get those deliveries in order,” Darlene said loudly as she came back through the room. The room quieted until Darlene was out of earshot again, and then another person added quietly, “I heard a rumor that the General is completely gone on this new slave. Larry in security says he came down personally for this guy last night.” There were titters and gasps from the others, and Kylo wondered just how far removed his master was from the other masters. They spoke of him like some sort of king. “That’s not all. He said that the General fucked him in the dungeon.” A collective gasp could be heard around the room even as Kylo’s face heated behind his mask. He’d never been embarrassed by sex before. He’d had plenty of semi-public sex in college. It was almost impossible not to when one had a roommate. He was even aware that their sessions were monitored. It was just that Kylo wasn’t expecting them to be gossip fodder. “He must be in love. Isn’t that romantic? This guy comes in here, and he gets chosen by the General...and they fall in love.” “Who says this slave loves the General?” another asked, sounding protective of Hux. “Who wouldn’t fall in love with him?” “Honestly.” “I’m in love with the General, and he doesn’t even know I exist.” Everyone seemed to be in agreement, and Kylo just stood there with his clipboard forgotten. His thoughts were a jumble, and his plan to extract information had well and truly gone to hell. --- Kylo’s body ached as he finally returned to the playroom late in the day. Working in the supply warehouse had been exhausting, but listening to the gossip of the workers had been something else entirely. His master wasn’t too far behind him. He’d sent Kylo up to the room to prepare himself while Hux tied up some loose ends. Kylo stripped out of his clothes and barely had the energy to fold them before collapsing on the bed. He should shower, but he didn’t really feel like standing up. Instead, he laid there completely naked save for the thick collar around his neck. He brought his hand up to touch the leather as he stared up at the ceiling. I heard a rumor that the General is completely gone of his new slave. He must be in love. Who wouldn’t fall in love with him? “Have I worn you out already?” his master asked when he finally joined Kylo. Kylo startled, pushing his thoughts away as he looked up at his master. “Sorry, sir. I didn’t—” “Don’t trouble yourself. I’ll take care of everything, but first you need to bathe. You smell like an old gym sock,” his master said, walking over to Kylo and pulling him up and out of bed. Kylo shuffled after his master, and he happily watched as his master beginning to strip down as well. His master removed his shoes and socks then began to unbuckle his belt before he looked up at Kylo and gave him a tight smile. “Close your eyes,” he ordered. Kylo wanted to growl in frustration at being denied the view of his master’s body yet again, but he knew complaining would change nothing. He got only what his master was willing to give. Kylo closed his eyes dutifully and stood still. After only a moment or two, he felt his master’s fingers on his neck. Then he guided Kylo into the shower. Kylo let his master clean him as the water washed over them. “How was your day?” his master asked. “Interesting,” Kylo replied, leaning into his master’s touch. “Darlene said you were very efficient,” his master told him. “I just did what I was told,” Kylo brushed off the praise. “Did you not like what you were doing?” “No, it was fine.” “I will not tolerate lies, Kylo,” his master said, ceasing to massage the shampoo into Kylo’s scalp. Kylo sighed. “They gossip,” he admitted. “Of course they do. I discourage it, but there will always be talk…” Kylo shook his head. “They knew about you fucking me over the desk. Someone in security told—” “Who in security, Kylo?” his master asked, sounding like he might just find the man and strangle him himself. It wasn’t a demand but perhaps a promise. Kylo was silent for a minute, weighing whether he should admit to knowing. If the man talked about what he saw in their session, he probably talked about others. It was a danger to clients. Perhaps they were taking part in illegal activities by purchasing a ticket to this place, but who knows what kind of danger they could be in if their identities were used against them. “Larry.” Kylo said it with detachment. It was unacceptable not only for the sake of Kylo’s pride but for the sake of everyone who put their safety in his master’s hands. “I will handle this. Don’t worry,” his master promised. “Thank you for telling me, Kylo. I won’t have employees putting others in danger.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo said, wondering how exactly his master would handle such an infraction. “I want to take care of you tonight, Kylo. You were so good last night and so helpful today. I’m going to take you to my favorite room in the dungeon as a reward.” “Yes, sir,” Kylo agreed, feeling his chest constrict at the idea that his master wanted to reward him the entire night. “No surveillance, just us. Just me and my prize,” his master told him, kissing his closed eyelids. Kylo groaned as he leaned into his master’s touch. Who wouldn’t fall in love with him? --- Kylo stood in the antechamber beside his master, once again blindfolded and unable to see a thing. He knew his master was right beside him. He’d hardly stopped touching Kylo since he handed him the blindfold again. “Tonight, I want to explore sensation with you. I will start by taking your senses and awareness from you. You will not be able to see or hear me, and you will be held in place. Once you are accustomed to that, I will begin to introduce different stimuli to your body,” his master explained, kissing Kylo’s shoulder before stepping away from him. Kylo’s whole body tingled from his master’s affection and anticipation for what was to come beyond whichever door his master chose. Kylo had fooled around with sensation play a bit with former partners. One girlfriend had loved to tickle him with a feather to watch the way his back would arch up off the bed. One of the first men he’d slept with had enjoyed it if Kylo sucked on an ice cube before licking and mouthing at his nipples. None of it had been particularly extreme, but it made Kylo very curious as to what his master had in store for him. “Take my hand,” his master said, returning to his side. Before Kylo could lift his arm, his master’s fingers were sliding against his own. His master took his hand and brought it to his lips, kissing Kylo’s knuckles softly and rubbing his stubble over them. Kylo shivered, wondering if the sudden appearance of stubble on his master’s face was entirely calculated. His master led him to another door before Kylo could truly contemplate the meaning of his facial hair. “Have you ever been in a sling before?” his master asked as they walked through the new room. “I injured my arm a could years ago—” Kylo said without thinking about the question. “Not that kind of sling,” his master told him patiently, but Kylo could sense the amusement behind it. “One for sex.” Kylo was once again reminded that this was the other side of the coin. He was so used to being a step ahead, it was utterly strange to face someone so competent in their own field that he felt completely out of his depth. Yet his master never sounded like explaining things to Kylo was a chore. His master seemed to bask in expanding the competence of those around him. “No, sir,” Kylo said, keeping the self-deprecating comment to himself. “Like the sling you wore on your arm, it is designed you elevate you and secure you in place. We have any number of designs for various activities, but the one I chose for tonight is very sturdy and will give you support everywhere you’ll need it. It can hold up to six hundred pounds, so even if you feel like you might fall I promise that you won’t. Now, stand here,” his master said, positioning Kylo where he wanted him. “One step back.” Something brushed the back of his thighs as he stepped back. His master placed his hands on Kylo’s hips and guided him to rest his ass on the sling behind him. “Now, I’m going to hold it in place, and you just need to sit and lie back,” his master told him, letting go of Kylo. “I promise you won’t fall.” Kylo trusted him without the promises, and he slowly bent as though to sit and began to lie back as soon as he was on the sling. The sling rose up to meet him as he put more weight on the end of it, but once his back met the thick material it went back down with the weight of his upper body—embracing him as he laid there prone. The contraption was definitely secure. Unlike Han’s hammock in the yard growing up, Kylo didn’t feel like he might move wrong and fall right out of the sling. It gave just enough to cradle his body without him feeling like he’d get lost in it, and there was a cushion at the top that fit perfectly into the curve of his neck. It was surprisingly comfortable. “How do you feel?” his master asked, running his gloved fingers over Kylo’s bare thighs. “Secure, sir.” “Are you comfortable?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo answered. “Good. I am going to raise your legs and put them in restraints. You need to tell me if you start to lose feeling or they begin to tingle,” his master told him, first taking Kylo’s left leg and lifting it. Something slid under Kylo’ leg and stopped just under his knee. It was well cushioned, and Kylo felt like his leg was resting on a cloud. Then something else slipped under his leg and rested beneath his ankle. This one went around his ankle and strapped it in place. His master did the same with the other leg, so both of Kylo’s legs were comfortably secured just about level with the sling. Then his master spread his legs apart, and they glided easily until he heard a click. His master let go of them, and they stayed open about shoulder width apart. Evidently, the apparatus had latches to secure the legs wherever his master wanted them. “I am going to secure your hands as well, Kylo,” his master said before coming around and taking Kylo’s right hand in his own. He brought it level with Kylo’s head and secured it in a very soft restraint. Then he leaned over Kylo’s body and did the same with his left hand. When he was finished he ran his fingers down Kylo’s cheek then through his hair, massaging his scalp. “How are you feeling?” his master asked, continuing to run his fingers through Kylo’s hair. “Okay, sir,” Kylo answered, not even having to think about it. Even a few days earlier, he would’ve felt nervous and exposed without his sight while secured in such an exposed position. Now though, he felt safe in the cradle of the sling. “You are okay with not being able to see?” his master asked. “Yes. You’re right here with me, sir,” Kylo replied. “Yes, I am, and I’m not going anywhere. Will you be okay if I put headphones on you?” his master asked, playing with the shell of Kylo’s ears. Kylo bit his bottom lip, not wanting to give away how much he enjoyed his master touching his ears. “Yes, sir,” he said when he got a hold of himself. “You won’t be able to hear me, but I can hear you. Don’t be afraid to tell me if you are uncomfortable with it or if you need a break. I will be able to hear everything you say,” his master assured him, pulling away from Kylo for a moment. “Yes, sir,” Kylo said again, waiting for his master. After a minute, he could feel his master’s presence again, and his master quickly brushed the hair from around his ears before placing two large headphones over them. The rest of the world was quickly blocked out and replaced with the sound of the running water like a river. Kylo felt his master’s fingers caress his temples and down the side of his face. “I’m fine, sir,” Kylo assured him, and he was rewarded again as his master scratched lightly at his scalp though his movements were inhibited by the head gear. After a few minutes, his master stopped touching him, and Kylo couldn’t tell where he was. He didn’t feel panic as a part of him thought he might. He was already so relaxed. He followed the sound of the water, imagining he was on the bank of some stream after a long hike. He’d always loved exploring as a child, and even now he still loved to get lost in the woods once in awhile. He imagined his master with him, sprawled out on a rock in the sun. The rays of light glistened on his pale skin. Kylo imagined joining him and stretching his body over his master’s, kissing up his chest and throat until their lips met... Kylo was deep in his own imagination when cool, wet lips touched his own. Kylo immediately met the kiss, licking gently at the cold lips against his own. It sent a tremor of pleasure through him. As the kiss deepened, he felt something wet and cold drip onto his chest. He arched his back at the sudden sensation, but the sling kept him from going far. He couldn’t hear if his master said anything, and he couldn’t see what was coming next. He could only wait for the next sensation. The nxt thing he felt was much colder. It must have been a piece of ice, and it was placed directly on top of his left nipple. He groaned as his body tightened up. Everything was focused on that one point. It began to move, making its way down to the valley of his chest and lower over his belly, leaving a trail of cold fire in its wake. Kylo bucked into it, and moaned as it stopped right at his belly button. He could feel the piece of ice fall into the dip and slowly melt there. Kylo shivered, feeling the ice straight through his gut. He couldn’t hear anything but the water flowing, and he imagined sinking slowly into the chilly waters—his master right beside him. Something soft brushed over the arch of his foot, and Kylo whimpered as it brushed back up again. Kylo cried out when something prickly rolled over the sole of his other foot, like little needles poking him slowly. The touches stopped again after a moment, and Kylo was left with the sound of water and his own budding arousal. The anticipation for each touch or torment only grew each time he felt something new. He’d take anything his master had to give to him. He wanted it all. He wanted his master to fill all of the empty spaces inside him, to clear away the dust and must in the corners of his soul. Who wouldn’t— Kylo’s thoughts vaporized, and he arched his back as he felt a tongue dip into his belly button, lapping at the melted ice. He whimpered as the mouth retreated. It was replaced by a featherlight caress that danced over his belly and down his ribs. Kylo wasn’t ticklish, but he felt each brush of the feather so intensely that he couldn’t help moving with it. A gloved finger brushed down his lips, catching on the bottom one. Kylo moaned softly at the gentle praise. The finger continued its descent down his chin and over his throat. Kylo tipped his head back to present his neck to his master. He was rewarded by a sucking kiss on the side of it. His master nibbled and sucked deeply, and Kylo knew there would be a bruise just above the leather collar. With a final nip to Kylo’s throat, his master retreated again. Kylo laid there, breathing heavily as he craved more . It was several minutes or maybe only several seconds, but Kylo wanted it so desperately every second felt like an eternity. This time the stimulus was heat. It passed just beneath his feet, bathing them in warmth. Kylo flexed his toes as he felt the warmth pass even closer. Then it disappeared again. The feather returned, caressing his inner thighs, and it was torture as he wanted— needed —more. His legs shook as the feather glided higher, teasing everything it touched. “Please,” Kylo begged, no knowing how loud or soft his voice was. He received a light slap on his belly for his begging, and he whimpered again. He could practically hear his master’s voice in his head. Impatient creature . He really didn’t care what his master called him, so long as he gave him more. His master stepped away for another minute, but when he came back, he ran his hands down Kylo’s chest. They glided, helped by oil that he had clearly warmed in his hands before pressing them to Kylo’s body. Kylo arched into the warm caresses as his master continued to run his hands over Kylo’s chest, stomach, and sides. His motions sent sparks coursing through Kylo’s body. He could focus on nothing but his master’s touch and the warmth it left in its wake, both on Kylo’s skin and inside him. The hands retreated, and Kylo tried to focus on the fading sensation of his master’s hands. He could still feel the trails as though his master continued to touch him. His master’s hands rubbed down Kylo’s thighs, then they moved back up to the juncture where his legs met his body. He didn’t touch Kylo’s cock or even his testicles, and Kylo knew it was deliberate. However, Kylo was so distracted by the way his master’s hands felt on his skin, he couldn’t articulate his desire for his master to touch him more intimately. Kylo felt dizzy as his master’s hands continued to explore his body, warming his skin and leaving it tingling in his wake. Once his skin was sensitized and slick from his master’s attentions, he felt the strange prickle of the instrument that had been used on his feet. This time it rolled up his inner thighs, causing him to wiggle as much as the sling would allow him to, which wasn’t very much. His movements just caused the prickle to go deeper into his skin, and he felt the goosebumps rise on his legs and arms. The closer the instrument got to his crotch, the harder it was to hold still. He felt every little needle-like end as it touched his skin marking a trail straight for his balls. His cock twitched and his balls tightened as the instrument drew closer. Kylo gasped as the device reached the tenderest part of his thigh, and his legs trembled as it rolled over the nerve rich flesh. The prickles did not reach his cock though. They disappeared and were replaced by wet lips that kissed away the discomfort. Kylo shook as the sensations were at war with each other. His master’s lips were incredible, soothing him and lighting up his body even more. Kylo trembled as his master’s lips reached the apex of his legs, not stopping like the instrument, but kissing along the crease of his leg and pubic area. Nipping gently at the freshly shaved skin, and trailing wet kisses around Kylo’s full cock. His back arched again against his permission, attempting to bring Kylo closer to his master’s brilliant touch. However, just as every sensation before it, this one retreated as well. Kylo was left to pant and pray that his master would take pity on him soon. Kylo controlled his breathing as he waited. He found his center and focused on the areas that his master had given attention so far. He felt pleasantly aware of himself. The cold sensation returned, dripping onto his right nipple before the ice cube was pressed to the taut bud and moved around in a counterclockwise circle. Kylo whimpered, feeling the jolt of pleasure right to his gut as his master toyed with is very sensitive nipples. When something hot dripped onto his left nipple, Kylo cried out. It wasn’t quite painful, but the contrast of hot and cold on his chest was intense and dizzying. He arched his back as his master continued to press the ice to his one nipple and drip what must have been wax onto the other. Kylo’s cock was as hard as a rock as his master teased and tested him. Kylo humped the air, but the balance of the sling prevented any great movements. When his master pulled away again, Kylo thought he might go mad with desperation. Each touch was tantalizing, but also maddening. Kylo squirmed when the headphones were removed. The same track that had been playing in them played over a sound system in the room. However, this track had soft classical music playing over it. It was soothing. His master’s gloveless fingers found their way into Kylo’s hair once the headphones were gone, and he felt his scalp immediately begin to tingle. His master massaged his head, coaxing whimpers and moans from Kylo who would never admit out loud just how good it felt to have his head rubbed. His master’s touch wasn’t fleeting as he scraped his fingernails over Kylo’s scalp, causing Kylo’s whole head to tingle pleasurably. “I don’t want you to fight these sensations, Kylo. I want you to embrace them. Let them enhance what you’re already feeling. Let it build,” his master whispered into his ear as he began to massage Kylo’s ears. Kylo gasped, unable to stop himself from vocalizing how much he enjoyed the way his master touched his ears. The shivers that wracked his body felt wonderful, and he bucked up into nothing again. Instead, he focused on his master’s touch and the pleasure it brought with it as he rubbed Kylo’s lobes then back around the shell of his ear. Kylo sighed as his master stepped away again. Finally, his master wrapped slick fingers around Kylo’s cock, stroking him firmly. Kylo rocked into the movement, and he groaned as his master circled his thumb around the head of his cock. His whole body sang with pleasure as his master touched him. “You always respond so well,” his master said softly, cupping Kylo’s testicles with his other hand. He continued to stroke him lightly, just enough to put Kylo on edge but take him nowhere fast. Kylo didn’t say anything in response, but he tried to pull himself up to be closer to his master. He needed to be close to him. However, the restraints had other ideas, and Kylo could only pull his body up about a foot before his tethers held him in place. “But you always want more,” his master said, sounding mildly disappointed. “Is what I give you not enough, Kylo?” he asked, taking his hands away. This made Kylo arch and struggle in earnest. He needed his master’s touch. “No, sir. You give me…” his words faded into a long moan as something very cold and hard slid over his belly and up his chest, leaving him shaking. “Do you feel that, Kylo? Do you know what it is?” his master asked, sliding the item over Kylo’s belly again. “No, sir. I don’t know,” Kylo admitted, shuddering as it trailed lower just over his pubic area. “It’s a chain, Kylo. Left in the freezer for long enough, it becomes a delightfully chilly stimulus, but if I must I will use it to keep you still. Remember, I expect patience from my slaves,” his master said, pulling the chain down between Kylo’s legs so that it brushed against his straining cock. Kylo groaned as the cold metal touched his sensitive skin, and the weight of it created a tantalizing pressure. Soon it disappeared as well, and Kylo’s body was left in a state of blinding arousal. When the tiny pricks rolled over the crease of his hip, Kylo’s eyes rolled back. It was so intense, and his master held him in place so he couldn’t do anything but embrace it. Kylo arched his back and panted heavily as his master gave the same treatment to his other side. Once again, Kylo felt tears in his eyes from how intensely his master made him feel. Kylo moaned when his master came back and rubbed his chest and stomach with the oil again. It was a bit like the massage from the other night, but this time it was clearly meant to bring him to the brink instead of bring him back from it. Kylo was fascinated by how his master could expertly use the same tool for completely different purposes. His master’s hands were a thing of wonder to him, and they continued to bring sparks of pleasure and security as they moved over his skin. “My beautiful slave,” his master whispered, moving higher to Kylo’s shoulders and gently rubbing just beneath his jaw and earlobes. Kylo whimpered, his body overcome by the continuous pleasure. “You did so well today,” his master praised him, raking his nails down Kylo’s chest which caused Kylo to rise into it. “My shining star,” he whispered, kissing Kylo’s chest. His master’s hand returned to Kylo’s cock and stroked him quickly several times before letting go again. Kylo whimpered, trying to move closer to his master and managing to brush his elbow against his master’s stomach. His master shushed him softly and stroked him again, reaching down to tease Kylo’s unprepped hole lightly. Kylo pulled himself up, leaning toward his master and shaking the whole sling as he desperately tried to get closer. His master’s arm slipped beneath his shoulders, giving him support. Kylo sighed as his master bent to kiss him even as he continued to stroke Kylo off. His master lowered him back into the sling and stopped stroking him. Kylo thrashed. He was so close; he just needed his master to keep touching him. “Not so fast,” his master tutted. “You want to see the reward I have in store for you, don’t you?” “Yes, sir,” Kylo gasped, holding himself together with fraying self control. “That’s what I thought,” his master said, running his fingertips over Kylo’s cock. Kylo folded up, and his master caught him around the shoulders again. “Shh, do I have to use the chains?” “No, sir. I can behave,” Kylo told him. “I know you can,” his master agreed, lowering Kylo again and kissing him softly. “What are you feeling, Kylo?” his master asked, running his fingers down Kylo’s chest and over his belly. “Everything,” Kylo said, taking a slow breath and focusing on his body. “I feel where your hands touched me like trails of fire. I feel...tingles on my scalp and neck…” “And what do you feel here?” his master asked, stroking him again. Kylo moaned. “So close,” Kylo told him, bucking his hips up into the touch. His master stroked him again very lightly, before pulling his hand away. Kylo gasped as he felt something feather light flutter around the head of his cock. He bucked up, searching for more even as his whole body shuddered from the tease. “Yes, I believe you are,” his master told him. “But what do you feel , my prize?” “I feel…” Kylo panted, feeling the same flutter about his cock. He could feel his erection twitch and pulse, searching for something to push him over the edge. “I feel a feather...dancing, no teasing my cock, sir.” Kylo’s words were ragged but understandable. “Very good guess. Would you rather the pinwheel?” his master asked, sounding pleased himself. “Whatever pleases you, sir,” Kylo said, giving himself over to his master’s expertise. “Whatever pleases me?” his master asked, stroking Kylo’s side gently. “Yes, sir. Anything,” Kylo told him. “I want to please you.” It wasn’t a lie, nor was it said to achieve any specific goal. It was as true and sure as the restraints holding him in place. “Hold still, and I will show you what pleases me,” his master said. Kylo waited, and soon enough he felt his legs pushed further apart until the restraints caught the next latch. Then they were raised about a foot. He could feel his master step between them then his master’s lips kissed his inner thighs. Kylo moaned, unable to move. He was frozen by the pleasure of his master’s mouth. His master kissed up and down his legs, rubbing them with oil as he went. When he got to Kylo’s right foot, he massaged the bottom of it, rubbing deeply. It felt too good, and Kylo arched his back and flexed his toes. He could hear his master tut at his movement, but he didn’t stop touching Kylo. He kissed the top of Kylo’s foot then he sucked Kylo’s big toe into his mouth. He hollowed out his cheeks as he sucked on it. Kylo had never felt such an oddly erotic and utterly confusing sensation. His cock twitched in interest, and his body writhed. It encouraged his master, and he moved onto the next toe. Kylo’s whole body arched up like a bow. Kylo wasn’t sure if he’d ever breathe normally again when his master had given his complete attention to both of Kylo’s feet and began working his way back up Kylo’s legs. “It pleases me to watch you experience pleasure, especially pleasure you haven’t known before,” his master told him, continuing to pay close attention to Kylo’s feet and legs. The ice that rubbed against his feet felt like fire, and by the time the wax dripped onto him, Kylo was on another plane of existence. He existed in a bubble of pleasure and pleasurable frustration. His master stepped back, and Kylo could do little more than breathe. His master had his full attention though when he straddled Kylo’s torso. Kylo felt his master tuck his feet just under Kylo’s hips as he steadied himself atop Kylo. “What are you feeling, Kylo?” his master asked, leaning forward to catch Kylo’s lips in a cold kiss. His master slipped the melting ice cube past Kylo’s lips, and Kylo bit it. “You’re hard against my chest,” Kylo said, gripping his restraints to get some leverage and pushing his chest up against his master’s cock. His master adjusted his position and seated himself higher up Kylo’s torso. “Do you enjoy that?” he asked, using his hand to press his cock to the valley of Kylo’s chest. “Yes, sir,” Kylo said breathlessly. He arched again, and his master rolled his hips. He rubbed himself against Kylo’s chest, and the massage oil and lubricant eased the slide of his condom covered cock. “Yes,” Kylo gasped. His master put more weight behind his movements, and Kylo bucked and pushed toward him. His master pressed his hand down making the space for his cock to slide through as tight as possible, and they both moaned loudly as he continued to fuck Kylo’s chest. “I’m going to fuck you, Kylo. I’m going to ride that beautiful cock of yours, and I want you to watch me do it,” his master told him, tearing the blindfold off Kylo’s mask. Kylo blinked to get his sight to sharpen and immediately his eyes found his master who was naked from the waist down and rolling his hips against Kylo’s chest like he was riding a mechanical bull. His master stopped and shimmied back, working the mechanisms of the apparatus to adjust Kylo’s legs to better suit his needs. Then he reaching into his shirt pocket and removed a large condom. He tore it open and rolled it onto Kylo without ceremony, and he threw the wrapper away. Kylo’s eyes widened as he watched his master remove a small bottle of lubricant from his pocket as well and pour it onto his fingertips before rubbing it over them with his thumb. Kylo’s mouth watered as he master reached between his own legs and pushed his fingers into himself. “I was busy when I wasn’t playing with you tonight, my prize. I’ve been working myself for days to prepare myself for you,” his master said, burying his fingers deep and groaning before removing them. He reached up for a handle that hung from the top of the apparatus, and Kylo watched in awe as he used it to hold his body above Kylo’s. His master used his other hand slick Kylo’s cock then to hold it in place, and Kylo watched with bated breath as his master slowly lowered himself onto his cock. Kylo gasped as he felt the head of his erection push past his master’s rim. His master was tight, not the kind of tight that meant one or both of them were going to be in pain, but the kind of tight that hugged Kylo’s cock wonderfully and stole his breath. Kylo breathed raggedly feeling dizzy with appreciation for his master and his body. His master didn’t sink down all the way. Instead, he rose up and down in shallow movements, and it drove Kylo to distraction. He didn’t know where to look. His master’s beautiful cock bounced with his movements, but his thighs were also a beautiful pink from his arousal and his black boots gleamed. His mouth was opened slightly, gasping each time he sank a little further onto Kylo’s cock. His master was beautiful, and it was all too much. “I can’t last, sir. I...You’re…” His master pulled off of him completely, and Kylo whimpered. He felt like he was on the edge of a cliff, and he’d just stumbled back a few steps to relative safety...if only he didn’t want to dive right off and fly. “Stay with me, Kylo,” his master told him, reaching down to run his fingertips over Kylo’s chest. Kylo closed his eyes tightly focusing on the touch, but he couldn’t stay that way for long. He needed to see his master—like the sun, so brilliant as he knelt over Kylo. “Are you with me?” his master asked. “Yes, sir.” “Excellent.” He master gripped him and sank down onto him again. He never rode Kylo deeply, but he knew exactly how to move to make Kylo feel every movement completely. He moved his hips with each rise and fall, rotating them, moving them back and forth, never the same twice. The sensation of being inside his master and completely at his mercy was intense enough, but his master held eye contact with him as he rode him. He could see the fire in his master’s cool eyes. He could see the pleasure that burned there as Kylo filled him. His master stopped every time Kylo got too close to the edge. He’d lift himself up or go back to rubbing himself against Kylo’s chest until Kylo came down a little. Then he’d start riding Kylo again, using his free hand to touch and tease Kylo’s body. “You’re all mine, Kylo. Every part of you,” his master told him, sinking just a little further—still not even halfway down his cock. He used his muscles to tighten around Kylo, driving him crazy with lust. “Yes, sir.” “Such a good slave. You give me everything so eagerly,” he said, rolling his hips forward which felt incredible on Kylo’s end. Judging from the way his master’s back arched, he enjoyed it as well. “Happily, sir,” Kylo gasped, wrapping his hands tightly around the chain that held his arms in place. “What do you feel, Kylo?” his master asked, and Kylo knew this was the last time. “I feel whole, sir,” Kylo told him. It wasn’t planned or thought out, but it was the truth. “So do I, Kylo,” his master said, reaching forward to pinch Kylo’s nipple as he sank onto him again. “Come for me,” he commanded, and Kylo was powerless to deny the command. He felt his cock pulsed inside his master’s body and spilled into the latex barrier. Kylo groaned as the waves of pleasure rolled through his entire being even as his master continued to ride him, using his muscles to milk every last drop from Kylo’s body. Kylo panted as he watched his master continue to rise and fall on him, moaning and gasping as well. He picked up speed as Kylo lost his steam and could do little more than watch his master pleasure himself. It was the most erotic thing Kylo had ever seen. His master rode him like a bull with his shirt wrinkled and askew, his thighs taut and powerful, his mouth open in ecstasy, and his cock bobbing with his every movement. Kylo believed he could die a happy man right where he was for seeing this unreserved side of his master. His master gasped as Kylo began to go soft inside him, whimpering as Kylo’s cock finally slid free and fell limply against his body. His master let go of the handle and braced himself against Kylo’s chest. He looked at Kylo as he panted, and Kylo could see he hadn’t expected that of himself. Then he leaned in close and sucked a bruise into Kylo’s neck to mirror the one he’d given him earlier. He continued to hump against Kylo’s chest as he bit him. Kylo moaned, and slowly his master freed his arms. He rubbed Kylo’s wrists as he continued to kneel over Kylo. The sensation of blood coming back to his hands because of the attention felt nice as once again his master’s touch was used to sooth. His master got off of him and freed his legs as well before using the mechanisms to raise the back of the sling, so Kylo could sit up but still have support. “Did you design this?” Kylo asked, as his master stood behind him again and massaged his scalp and ears. “I did.” “It’s interesting,” Kylo told him. “It has many configurations depending of the sling being used. Maybe one day I will show you,” he said, kissing the top of Kylo’s head and walking around him. He knelt in front of Kylo and carefully removed his condom. Kylo looked around as his master cleaned up. The room was lit with red lamps and was draped in red tapestries as well. It was a very sensual atmosphere, and in the center was this apparatus as well as tables of tools. From what Kylo could tell, his master hadn’t even used half of them. “There are a lot of things there,” Kylo said. “Yes, just about anything can be used for sensation play. It’s just where the mood and agreement takes you,” he said, wiping Kylo clean before taking care of himself. “No...you know…” Kylo asked, pointing at his master’s flaccid cock. “Orgasm? No,” his master said, holding up the empty condom before disposing of it. “Doesn’t that...frustrate you?” It was a chancy thing to ask, especially before they were even out of the dungeon. Kylo couldn’t help himself though. His master had lulled him into such a feeling of security. “Yes, Kylo. Some days it frustrates me greatly. Some days I couldn’t care less what my cock does. And some nights, like tonight, I’m left breathless and shaking just the same, even without it. Does it frustrate you that I can’t climax for you?” his master turned the tables. “Yes,” Kylo said honestly. “Does it make you feel like less of a man?” “It has nothing to do with me. I want to see you satisfied…” “If that was true then you wouldn’t have asked the question because I was thoroughly satisfied tonight,” his master said, putting everything in its place. Kylo tried to stand, thinking it was time to leave now that he’d stuck his foot in his mouth. “No, sit.” his master ordered, and he knelt in front of Kylo, rubbing his legs and feet. “I’ve never had anyone suck my toes before,” Kylo said awkwardly as he watched Tige work on them, hoping to lessen the sudden tension in the room. “Did you enjoy it?” “Yes. I enjoy everything you do to me,” Kylo admitted. Tige smiled up at him. It was a small but powerful smile. “You shouldn’t say things like that, Kylo. They might just go to my head,” Tige said, rising and rubbing Kylo’s thighs. Kylo could feel them heat up from the action. “Try standing,” his master said, helping him up. Kylo stood and looked into his master’s cold blue eyes. “You didn’t need my help in shuffling around supplies today.” he said, the cogs sliding into place. “You may be all muscle, but I certainly have better uses for my slave than hard labor.” “You wanted information. You had suspicions.” His master smiled at him. It was almost frightening in its full state, but Kylo appreciated it. “Like I told you, I had something I thought you would be very helpful with. I know what happens in my warehouse. I just don’t always know who’s behind it.” Kylo smiled at him. “So you need someone to extract the information.” “In so many words,” his master said, kissing his cheek. “I don’t want Larry in security to ever see us again,” he told his master. “You don’t have to worry about Larry, Kylo. I take care of what’s mine, and you are mine,” his master told him, running his fingers over Kylo’s collar. “I’m yours, sir,” Kylo told him. “I want to help you.” His master kissed him passionately, and took him by the hand to lead him out of the dungeon. When they reached the playroom, there was a feast waiting for them and Kylo wondered if Darlene had been the one to bring it up to them. The more he learned about the warehouse, the deeper the rabbit hole seemed to go. He knew he couldn’t keep his newest findings to himself, but the deeper he went the harder it became to come clean. Notes: Chapter warnings: pinwheel, edging, feathers, tickling, ice, wax play, sensation play, sensory deprivation, sling sex, mentions of voyeurism, shitty security personal, passing mention of needles, feeding like a dog, foot worship, toe sucking, tit fucking, collars, masks, bondage, immobilization Notes: You can also find me on tumblr at jinxedambitions