Hux and Kylo laughed as they held hands and made their way over to a fire pit. They had spent the evening scaring children. When someone knocked on their door, it crept open to reveal a fake body hanging from the chandelier in their house. Then Hux and Kylo tapped the shoulders of the trick or treaters and watched as their faces contorted in absolute horror. What can I say? They’re sadists. “Oh MAN! Did you see the look on that one girl’s face?! She was all, waaah don’t kill me!” Kylo shrieked. “I know what was she?? Like five?!” Hux responded. Well.. yes the girl was indeed five, but Hux and Kylo didn’t have a care in the world. They thought it was the funniest thing. The two women continued joking amongst themselves as they set up their chair and fire. Hux worked on the fire while Kylo unfolded the chair, and wrapped herself in the blanket that they brought. “Wait.. Kylo you only brought one chair!” Hux observed as she poked the fire. Kylo smirked. “I know.” “You old devil.” Hux stated as she realized she was going to have to sit on her girlfriend’s lap. “You love me.” “I tolerate you. There’s a difference.” “You like me a lot more than other humans.” Kylo confidently said. Hux rolled her eyes and sat on Kylo’s lap. Kylo wrapped the blanket around both of them. They used each other for warmth. “That’s not true.” “Oh reeeaaallly?” Kylo questioned, wrapping her long arms around Hux’s slender waist. She began kissing Hux’s neck. “Mmmm, like who?” Kylo breathed against Hux’s neck, kissing deeper. “Pp-phasma, and uuumm, Millicent-” “I said humans.” Hux squirmed in Kylo’s lap as Kylo ran her hands own Hux’s body. Her hands stopped at Hux’s breast. “I-i uhh, fuck okay you’re right.” “I’m right?” “Uh huh” “Baby, I’m always right.” Hux squealed as she felt Kylo’s finger trace light circles against her panties. “Look at how you respond to me, so… easily.” Kylo rubbed harder and realized just how wet Hux really is. “Oh my god, babe you’re soaked.” “It’s cuz you’re so good babe.” “I am?” “Yeaaaa, unnff so good to me.” Hux could barely finish her sentence as Kylo finally stuck her fingers inside her panties, and inside of her. Hux rolled her hips and enjoyed the feeling of Kylo’s thick fingers rub against her clit. “You have to stay quiet baby…We don’t want people to hear.” Hux knew damn well that’s exactly what Kylo wanted. Kylo bit harshly into Hux’s neck, knowing that Hux would cry out when she did. Hux should care that it’s going to leave a bruise, but she didn’t. “Tell me what you want, Huxxy.. What is it that you want?” Hux moaned and gasped loudly as Kylo hit that perfect spot inside of her. She felt so wet. “I want your whole hand inside of me Kylo.” Kylo smriked. “Anything for you babe.” Notes: I know, I know the ending... Yikes™ I just.. couldn't write about fisting... sorry! You know, I laugh so hard when I write pwp or even porn, because like... I'm a virgin! I've never done anything, so haha I just sort of use my imagination! B-) Anyway, I hope you liked it, despite the shitty ending! Send me asks/messages about my shitty ending on tumblr! (Oforlikelalune) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →