And to think, their deaths won’t even be broadcasted on the news. Or in a book. Or in the bible. Instead Hux and Kylo will die as a shitty gay trope, in a shitty straight to DVD film. They’re going to die characters in a movie with a plastic case that was made in Mexico, a movie that Americans will accidentally buy at their local Walmart. Hux wants to murder whoever it is possible for this. He wishes that he had been written as the serial killer who haunts and terrorizes his friends. Then at least he’d feel some satisfaction from killing. There’s no satisfaction in death. Only darkness. Well… Hux is SICK of it! He’s HAD IT! He’s not doing this any longer. Hux rolled his eyes as Kylo threw him against the wall and kissed him. This was the part of the movie where Hux and Kylo would make out, they’d begin to have sex, and the masked murderer would walk in. They’d chop of his head, and Kylo’s told Hux that he always gets shot in the back. Well not this time. “Mmm, Hux let’s take this into the next room!” Hux rolled his eyes at Kylo’s shitty line and he felt himself being pulled towards the door to the next room, but Hux snatched his arm back from Kylo’s grasp. Kylo’s eyes widened. “NO Kylo no! We can’t have sex!” “Hux, what’re you doing?!” Kylo spat. Hux was… is going against script. “If we go into that room and have sex I will get my head chopped off and YOU. WILL. DIE.” “I know Hux, it’s written in the script, the one which you aren’t following!” “KYLO LISTEN TO ME!! There’s no time! Maybe we can figure out who the killer is?” “Okay, well we know it can’t be Finn because he died first.” “Yes, they always kill the black guys first, then the “hot couple” or the gay characters, which in this case is us.” “Okay, so that leaves Rey, Phasma, Poe, Snoke, Leia, Luke, We-” “KYLO LOOK OUT!” Hux tried to save his scripted boyfriend but it was too late. In this version of the film, the killer had an axe and he stuck it into Kylo’s head. Hux watched, helplessly as Kylo’s limp body fell to the ground, blood leaking out of his head and onto the carpet. “YOU CAN’T DO THIS ANYMORE!” Hux leaped at the murderer’s mask and tried to pry it off but the masked person pushed Hux back onto the floor and pointed their gun directly at Hux’s face. “HEY YOU!” The masked man continued to point his gun i Hux’s direction, it appeared that the man didn’t hear Hux. “No, I’m talking to you!” … Who? Me? “Yes YOU! You who hides behind the keyboard! What gives you the right to decide my life and what I like, and what I do?! I’m sick of it!” … well… uhh...oof. How do I put this? Ummm, you’re not real. You’re just a character that I made up in my head. You’ll never have a say in your own life. Your soul purpose is to help me forget about my problems. You’re sort of like a coping skill Hux… really you should be flattered. “YA?! WELL FUCK YOU AND YOUR COPING SKILL!! I’m not flattered! And this fic sucks, I could write a better one!” Really “Yep.” You? A figment of my imagination… could write a better fic than I can? “That’s what I said.” Kay. cool dude, you do that. I got shit to do anyway. “...wait where are you going?” Like I said… I got shit to do. You go ahead and finish the story. Go ahead and tell the readers who the killer is. It’s cool, I’m sure you can figure out how to end this story. “But, I can’t type…” Well that sounds like a personal problem… I gotta go… “Wait.. what are you doing?! No wait, I’m sorry I take it back, please bring Kylo back to life, look- look listen. LISTEN TO ME! I’m scared, please. I’m crying. Just help me. No wait don’t close your laptop. No.. no wait HELP NOOOOOOOOOO.” Iufda9i5kjlds Notes: Check out the series description for cool links and more information about this event! (X) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →