I hear you breathe so far from me I feel your touch so close and real And I know my church is not of silver and gold Its glory lies beyond judgment of souls The commandments are of consolation and warmth -- Kylo Ren had been dreaming about the witch hunter for as long as he could remember. When Kylo was a child, he dreamed of another boy unlike any of the children in the small settlement where he lived: a boy who never teased him or laughed at him or pushed him down. The boy in Kylo’s dreams was always smiling, but his smile was sweet and not mocking like the smiles of the other children, and he held Kylo’s hand and said they would be friends forever. The other boy was so real to Kylo, Kylo didn’t believe his parents when they told him that his friend was only imaginary, just a dream. Even though Kylo quickly learned not to talk about the dream boy, he never stopped hoping that they’d meet someday in the real world. As Kylo grew older, the dreams subtly changed. During his teenage years, Kylo still held his dream boy’s hand, but the boy’s touch made his heart race and his skin tingle. Kylo’s friend had aged along with him, and Kylo began to notice just how exotically beautiful he was. His eyes were large and dark with long lashes, and even during the daytime, Kylo couldn’t stop picturing the way his friend gazed at him, beguilingly, with his eyelids half-closed. The boy’s hair was not quite as black as Kylo’s own, but it grew in tousled tresses that fell around his face and tumbled down the back of his neck. Kylo dreamed that he touched it, trailing his long fingers through it so that they caught in the curls; then the other boy put his own small hands in Kylo’s hair too and pulled his head close and kissed him. The boy’s lips tasted both salty and sweet, and they were the color of the peaches sold in the village market in the summer. He was darker than Kylo, who disliked the sun and covered himself as much as possible, and his smooth skin was a source of fascination to Kylo. After their first kiss, Kylo began to taste that skin more and more often, until he dreamt almost every night of covering his companion with caresses. By then, Kylo had learned to scry, and he was unsurprised when the face of his dream boy one day appeared as Kylo gazed into a bowl of still water. He knew then that the boy was real, that he lived not only in dreams but somewhere in the actual world, and that he was Kylo’s soulmate. In the years that followed, Kylo used his strengthening abilities to watch the boy become a man. . . and in his dreams, Kylo became the man’s lover. Kylo couldn’t know whether his beloved dreamed the same dreams. Even if he did, the other man would be unlikely to remember what Kylo whispered to him night after night: “You belong to me, my love, and I belong to you. We were made for each other, and even if we never meet, I will always love you. . . always.” As a child, Kylo had sometimes wept upon awaking, because he wanted so badly to be with the boy he could see only in his sleep. Even as a man, he still felt like weeping sometimes from his longing and frustration, but now he knew it was better that he and his lover never meet in the waking world, for Kylo’s dream companion had grown up to become a witch hunter, and Kylo Ren was a witch. And yet, Kylo’s heart soared the day he went to the market in his village and saw his beloved there, leading a saddled horse through the small settlement and looking about with curiosity in his half-lidded eyes and a cheerful smile on the lips Kylo had anointed in his dreams. I knew he would come, Kylo thought as he drew the hood of his black cloak farther up over his face and backed into the shelter of a nearby doorway. Really, I knew it all along. . . . From the darkness, he watched the stranger he knew so well come closer, until he stopped at a fruit cart only yards from where Kylo hid. “Could you tell me where I might find Mistress Leia Organa, please?” the witch hunter asked of the girl selling apples from the cart. In his hiding place, Kylo started, and his eyes widened as they stared at the stranger. The girl countered, “What do you want with her?” New faces were a rarity in the settlement, and the townsfolk had been on edge that autumn already, as Kylo well knew. Still, the witch hunter didn’t appear offended at the apple seller’s attitude. He smiled again—a charming smile that would surely soften any girl’s heart. “I have a letter from her, asking me to come.” He slipped a hand into the long, suede vest he wore and produced a folded piece of paper. The handwriting on its face was indeed Leia Organa’s, and the name she had written there was “Poe Dameron.” Still, the apple seller did not succumb completely to the handsome stranger’s charisma; she hesitated before finally answering his question. “Mistress Organa lives in the house on the hill, at the end of town,” the girl replied. She lifted a hand to point to her left. “Thank you.” The man—Poe Dameron—inclined his head toward her, still smiling. Normally, Kylo wouldn’t trust anyone who smiled so much, but Dameron’s smile was too open and honest to be doubted. Besides, it was a smile Kylo had seen a thousand times before, in his dreams. He fixed his eyes on Dameron’s peach-colored lips, remembering how they tasted. Both his chest and his groin clenched with longing at the memory, and he jerked his eyes back up to Dameron’s own. I have to get rid of him, Kylo thought. Despite the years of longing for this man who was now scant feet from his grasp, Kylo was certain he could incite nothing but pain and hatred in Poe Dameron. He is a witch hunter, and I am a witch—and if Leia Organa drew him here, he can only have come to hunt me. I must drive him away before either he destroys me. . . or I destroy him. As Dameron lingered to purchase an apple from the seller—probably a further effort to win her good will—Kylo slipped away from his hiding place, deeper into the old stable whose doorway had sheltered him. A few horses were kept there, and probably Dameron’s horse would be too, while he stayed. But he won’t stay for long, Kylo told himself as he stalked through to a back door. When he passed them, the horses snorted and shied away, toward the backs of their stalls. Kylo hurried behind the next building, which happened to be the settlement’s small church, then came up beside it to get ahead of Dameron in the street. The witch hunter was taking his time, munching on the apple he’d bought and pausing in front of the church to study the building. Kylo emerged unnoticed from the other side of the church and came into the street. He thought Dameron might not look at him at all, even when Kylo drew closer, but the hunter finally glanced over when Kylo’s movement attracted his attention. Instead of the lack of interest Kylo expected Dameron to show, the hunter stared at him. Momentarily disconcerted by the beautiful eyes fixed on his own face, Kylo came to a stop standing in the street no more than two yards away from the man who haunted his dreams. Kylo’s eyes swept over the brown horse Dameron led, then over Dameron himself: his short but well-proportioned frame, his dark hair softly curling over his ears and around his handsome face, his simple clothing and the small silver cross hanging from a chain about his neck. “Who are you?” Kylo demanded— As if I didn’t know, he thought, as if I didn’t know his name and his body and the way he tastes. . . . “My name is Poe Dameron.” The hunter had regulated his expression so that he no longer appeared so stunned; now he looked merely curious. “Why have you come? What business do you have?” persisted Kylo. “We dislike strangers here.” He knew from his many years of dreaming that as warm and friendly as Poe Dameron could be, the hunter was almost as stubborn as Kylo himself. A few antagonistic questions would not be enough to drive Dameron away immediately, but they could begin the process. Sure enough, the look on Dameron’s face hardened, and the lips Kylo so desired pressed into a thin line before he answered. “I come by invitation,” he retorted, “but I don’t see what business that is of yours .” You have no idea, thought Kylo, but aloud, he only said, “You aren’t welcome here.” He saw a flicker of hurt pass through Dameron’s eyes, and Kylo’s heart ached. Then the hurt dissolved, and Dameron took a careful and deliberate bite of his apple. “You’re in my way,” he mumbled around it. Kylo scowled at him and walked on, past Dameron and his horse. He stepped closer to Dameron than was necessary, and was able with his heightened senses to perceive the heat rising from the other man’s body, the scent of his hair and skin. So close to him, Kylo’s heart spoke to his brain, I’m so close to him. I could take him in my arms and kiss him and beg him to remember the dreams we’ve shared. . . beg him to stay with me and be mine in waking as he is in sleep. But his brain spoke back: Yes, and what then? What happens when he learns what I am? He tries to drag me to the stake, that’s what happens, and either I submit and lose my life, or I fight him and he loses his. So Kylo walked past Poe Dameron and left him in the street, feeling as if he left part of his heart behind as well. -- Poe turned his head to watch the strange man in black pass by. “Bastard,” Poe muttered, then immediately felt guilty about it. He offered up a brief, silent prayer of apology for passing judgment on the man before going on his way. Yet Poe’s mind remained fixed on him: his long black hair and piercing eyes, his full lips, his deep voice that made something inside Poe quiver. Why did he seem so familiar to me? Poe wondered as he trudged up the street toward the house on the hill where Leia Organa lived. I can’t have ever met him before, but I feel like I must know him, somehow. . . . And it wasn’t only that the man was familiar to Poe; stranger and more disturbing, Poe wanted him. Of course, Poe knew that desire for another man was sinful, but that didn’t especially concern him. (Everyone sinned, after all, and Poe fully believed his sins would be forgiven.) What did concern Poe was why he had felt such lust and longing when he gazed up into the dark brown eyes that glared at him with disdain. The man wasn’t handsome; his features were irregular and too large, his body lanky and his skin too pale. Poe couldn’t understand what so attracted him. True, the man’s hair was lovely, but that was all. No, no, it’s not all . The traitorous thought plagued Poe while he led his horse to the foot of the hill and began his ascent. He was handsome, in his way—in a way that no one else could be. He was handsome and familiar, and he made me feel— Poe silenced himself there. It didn’t matter what the man had made him feel or what desires he had awakened. He was a man, and what’s more, he had looked at Poe with such disgust, such near hatred, Poe knew he had no chance to coax so much as a smile from those expressive lips. By the time he reached the top of the hill and tied his horse in front of the house there, Poe had put the man out of his mind. Leia Organa must be wealthy, he decided with a look up at her two-story house. And the girl selling apples called her Mistress, Poe remembered. I wonder what she could want with me—I wonder whom she’s accusing of being a witch. A smirk flickered over Poe’s mouth. At the same time, thoughts of the fruit seller reminded him of the apple core he still held in one hand. Poe offered it to his horse, held on the flat of his palm so the gelding wouldn’t inadvertently bite him, and the horse crunched it down with gusto. Poe rubbed his sticky palm on the leg of his breeches, then went to the door and knocked. A manservant let Poe in and, when Poe displayed the letter Mistress Organa had sent him, showed him to a small parlor. A parlor! Poe marveled as he sat on a sofa and worried that he was getting it dirty. Despite being impressed, Poe began to feel some sympathy for whatever poor soul the mistress had targeted for his hunting. A woman of wealth and clout had the ability to make life miserable for anyone accused of being a witch. And yet, when Mistress Organa entered the room, Poe was left puzzled, for she didn’t seem at all like the haughty, domineering woman he expected. Her large brown eyes looked on Poe with a warmth no one else in the settlement had shown him, and she smiled at him. Poe scrambled to his feet and bowed to her. “You are Poe Dameron?” she asked as she inclined her head in return, then sat in a chair at an angle to his sofa. “Yes, mistress,” Poe mumbled. He sat down again and tried to regulate the surprise his face must show. Mistress Organa was quite short, and her delicate feet barely reached the floor in front of her chair. She wore her grey-streaked, chestnut brown hair in braids coiled around her head, and Poe guessed that she must be around sixty years of age. “And if you received my letter, then you know something of why I sent for you,” she went on. “Yes. You—you wish me to. . . hunt someone.” “Not exactly.” Mistress Organa smiled again, but now her smile looked worn and tired. “Or at least, you won’t have to hunt very far to find him—I’m well aware of whom the villagers here think to be a witch.” One of Poe’s strengths was his ability to listen closely and draw inferences from what people did—and didn’t—say. That skill had served him well since he became a hunter, and he drew upon it now: She said the villagers think that he—he, it’s a man—is a witch. Not that she thinks so. Mistress Organa continued, “On your way through the settlement, perhaps you noticed that our townsfolk are suspicious of strangers.” “Yes, I noticed,” Poe replied as he recalled first the hesitation in the apple seller’s voice, then, against his will, the way the tall, pale man had accosted him. “They do have their reasons,” said Mistress Organa, “although on the whole we are good people here. In the past year, things have been happening in this area—strange things that defy rational explanation. Crops have failed, animals have fallen ill. . . one mother’s baby was stillborn just a month ago. I’m sure you can guess to what reason the villagers ascribe these happenings.” Poe muttered, “Yes, I certainly can.” It was something he had seen often enough: a community had a bad season or more than its share of unhappy events, and in its desperate search for a remedy, it turned on one of its own. Usually the victim was female—often either a pretty young girl envied by the matrons of the community, or an older woman whose only crime was possessing knowledge of healing and the natural world. However, Poe had encountered a handful of male accused witches as well. “The villagers have blamed a certain person for what has happened,” Mistress Organa was saying, “and not, I suppose, without justification. Although he grew up here, he left the settlement for a period of some years, and he only returned a year ago, on All Hallows’ Eve, no less.” “And that’s when the strange occurrences began, hmm?” Poe muttered. “Exactly.” Mistress Organa sighed, “I can’t explain it myself, but—I know he is innocent of what they accuse. He must be.” Although she suppressed it well, Poe caught just a hint of emotion in her voice, and he studied her face. The expressive eyes fixed on him looked bright, and her lips pressed together tightly. “Who is he?” Poe asked, as gently as he could. He wasn’t really surprised by her answer. “He is my son,” said Mistress Organa. “His name is Benjamin—although he refuses to answer to his Christian name and has chosen another.” Her grimace told of a thousand other irritating things her son had done throughout his life, and in spite of the dark situation, Poe smiled a little. She went on, “As you can imagine, that hasn’t helped ease anyone’s suspicions of him. They call it his witch name and say that Satan himself bestowed it upon him. That’s nonsense, of course, but then so is my son rejecting the name his father and I gave him.” “If you’ll forgive my rudeness in asking, why did you send for me?” Poe questioned her. “If he is your son, why do you want him. . . hunted?” Mistress Organa surprised him with a warm smile and responded, “Because I know your reputation, Master Dameron. Every so-called witch you’ve investigated has been found innocent.” Poe felt heat rise to his face. She was right, but he hadn’t expected her to know such information. She continued, “I want you to investigate Ben. Make your tests, and clear his name. Otherwise, if the villagers’ persecution of him persists. . . I fear something terrible may happen.” “You’re afraid they’ll come for him?” Poe asked. She returned his questioning gaze with a steady look and did not answer. Poe took a deep breath and let it out slowly, thinking hard before he spoke again. “I can do what you ask, Mistress Organa.” He hated to admit the next statement, but he felt she deserved to know the truth. “But you must know—I don’t believe in witches. Or witchcraft, or magic, or any of it save Satan’s influence on the hearts of suffering human beings looking for a scapegoat when things go badly. I will perform all the tests on your son, I will do so honestly, and I’m sure he will pass. But I can’t pretend to you that I think witches really exist.” “That doesn’t matter,” Mistress Organa told him, “as long as he can pass your tests. But do tell me, Master Dameron. . . if you don’t believe in witchcraft, why did you become a witch hunter?” Poe gave her a slightly abashed smile and said, “ Because I don’t believe in witchcraft. Even as a child, I saw too many innocent people condemned to die—or at best, shunned and driven from society—in the name of something that doesn’t exist. Corrupt, or perhaps only misguided, witch hunters who faked their tests or misunderstood the results they saw. . . I trained to become a hunter so I could set right at least a little of the damage they caused.” Poe dropped his gaze from hers and looked down at his brown hands folded in his lap. “A person’s life can be too easily ruined by a careless word or a jealous lie, like those spread about your son. I believe God has charged me to advocate for those innocents, and I will be glad to do so for your son.” Mistress Organa was quiet for a long time, so long that Poe finally raised his head to give her a questioning look. He found her watching him with an expression that was both thoughtful and almost sad, as if she pitied him. Does she really believe? Poe wondered. She looks like she thinks I’m the misguided one. . . . “I thank you for coming to my aid,” she finally said. “I’m afraid that you’ll find Ben far from grateful, but know that I have gratitude enough for the both of us. I must warn you, my son is a difficult man, and I doubt he will make your task easy. I will pay you double whatever your usual fee is, to try to make up for it.” “Oh, you—you don’t have to—” Poe broke off his stammer to get a hold of himself. “I mean, I don’t ask for payment until the tests are complete. We can discuss it then.” “All right, as you wish,” she replied, sounding as if she were holding back a laugh. “But you will at least have free room and board until then. I have already made arrangements for you at the inn. You need only give your name.” “I. . . thank you, very much,” Poe murmured. The “room” part of the equation was nice, but the words “free board” were what truly resonated with him. The apple he’d bought to appease the girl at the fruit stand was the first thing Poe had eaten all day, and the most he’d eaten at one time all week. Shaking himself out of his daydreams of food, Poe asked Mistress Organa, “Where may I find your son, and how will I know him? It’s late now, and tomorrow is the Sabbath, so I will not begin right away. However, I want to prepare myself.” “Of course. He lives away from the settlement, about a mile to the west. You’ll know the place when you see it—a small cottage on the edge of the woods,” Mistress Organa told Poe. “Ben lives alone, and he rarely comes into town, but should you see him, you’ll know him—he’s very striking.” “Striking?” Poe murmured. A heavy feeling of foreboding sank into his chest. “Yes, he’s tall—you wouldn’t guess it to look at me, would you?—with long black hair. He’s pale and wears only black, as if he’s perpetually in mourning. It’s been an affectation of his since he was a child, and nothing I say can dissuade him of it,” Mistress Organa lamented, but Poe hardly heard. “Does he have a large nose?” he blurted out. It probably wasn’t the most polite thing to say to the accused witch’s mother, but Poe was too distraught to care. “Er, well. . . yes, he rather does.” She blinked at him then asked, “Have you already seen him?” “Yes,” Poe almost groaned. “I think I have.” “I take it you weren’t impressed,” Mistress Organa observed. Oh, but I was, Poe thought in misery. Unfortunately. Aloud, he tried to explain, “It’s not that, only. . . only I don’t think he was impressed with me . He told me I was not welcome here.” She sighed, “That was Ben, all right. I’m sorry, Master Dameron, but as I told you, he’s difficult. . . and will probably be more so once he learns what you are and that I summoned you here. You may be asking me for three times your fees before this is all over.” “No, please don’t concern yourself with his behavior,” Poe urged, thinking to himself that all the money in the world wouldn’t make his impending task any easier. “No matter how disagreeable a man is, I cannot let him be persecuted when he is innocent. I couldn’t face myself, or go to the Lord in prayer, otherwise.” Again, Mistress Organa gave him the look of pity. “Poe,” she began, then asked, “May I call you Poe?” When he nodded, she went on, “I thank you for that from the bottom of my heart, and if there is any way that I can aid you, you have only to ask. Otherwise, though, I think it’s better that I make myself scarce. Ben bears great animosity toward myself and his father, and I fear we would only impede your progress.” “I understand,” said Poe. What’s wrong with the man? he wondered to himself. She’s so kind, and clearly, she loves him. Why would he turn his back on perhaps the only person who does? Mistress Organa had risen to her feet, and Poe did so as well, getting the impression that he was being dismissed. Still, as he went to the door, she asked, “Would you come to meeting with me tomorrow? My husband refuses to attend, as does Ben, but I would appreciate your company. Besides, you need to meet the rest of the villagers under better circumstances than what you encountered today. Once they learn why you’re here, most of them will warm up to you.” “Thank you, I would be glad to attend,” Poe assured her. His thoughts were a tumult, nevertheless, and foremost was worry: how was he going to get a sullen, disagreeable man who already hated him to submit to his tests? Poe was already out the door when he realized Mistress Organa hadn’t told him one key piece of information. He turned back to where she was standing in the doorway, looking down into the village. “Mistress Organa?” Poe asked, and she turned her warm eyes back to him. “Yes, Poe?” “You said your son had taken another name,” said Poe. “What is it?” Mistress Organa studied him a few seconds before she answered, “He calls himself Kylo Ren.” -- To be continued Chapter 2 That night, Kylo went to bed early, hoping to see Poe Dameron in his dreams. He had spent the evening slicing the apples he’d bought that day and hanging them up to dry amidst the other fruit and herbs suspended from the low ceiling of his cottage. An orange cat sat beside the fireplace and watched, then set up a loud meowing until Kylo cast a glare in its direction and went to prepare its dinner. Shortly after, Kylo left the cat next to the banked fire and crawled into his bed in the small second room off the back of the cottage. He fell asleep easily enough; years of training himself in the arts of astral projection and lucid dreaming had left him in near-total control of his sleep cycles. Nevertheless, Kylo did not dream of Poe. His dreams were confused and filled with the sense that he was searching for something he couldn’t find. Kylo woke several times, until he finally gave up on trying to sleep. Shortly past midnight, he got out of bed and went back into the larger room, where he took down from a shelf on the wall the large, hammered metal bowl he used for scrying. When Kylo set the bowl on the flagstones of the fireplace with a clank, the cat started awake and gave him a sullen look. “You can go sleep outside if I’m disturbing you,” Kylo muttered to it; then he ignored the animal as he went about filling the bowl with water drawn from his well earlier that day. The cat got up and stalked over to the bowl, where it sat and stared at Kylo until he finally acknowledged it again. “ What? ” he grumbled. He sat down on the opposite side of the bowl and looked at the animal over it. The cat mewed. “It’s no concern of yours,” Kylo retorted, “but. . . I saw him today. He is here.” He dropped his eyes from the green, feline pair that regarded him in the dying light from the fire’s embers. The water had stilled in the bowl and was ready for Kylo to use—once his emotions were calmer. He murmured to the cat, “He has come to hunt me, at Mother’s request. I should have known. . . I should have known it would come to this.” The cat made another meow that somehow managed to sound skeptical. Kylo flicked his eyes up to it and said, “I know she did—he had a letter from her. I have to drive him away, before he tries to bring me to the stake. . . before I’m forced to fight him. But—oh God, God , he’s exquisite.” Kylo’s voice fell to a groan, and he dropped his head in his hands, his black hair falling around his fingers. “His eyes—when he looked at me,” Kylo mumbled into his hands, “they were more beautiful than even in my dreams, like. . . like the night sky full of stars. I was close enough to touch him, and I—I told him to leave, I told him he wasn’t welcome here. Not welcome, when all I really wanted to do was pull him into my arms and never let him go!” The cat hissed, got up, and stalked away into the bedroom. Kylo sat hunched over the bowl for another moment while he calmed himself; then he dropped his hands from his face and gazed into the flat, glassy surface of the water. By clearing his thoughts and regulating his breathing, Kylo was able to enter the relaxed state necessary for him to scry. In the bowl of water, he saw the face denied to him in that night’s dreams. The witch hunter was sleeping, Kylo assumed in the settlement’s tiny inn, with his handsome face lit by a flickering candle. He probably fell asleep without blowing it out, Kylo thought with a smile at such careless behavior, familiar to him from years of dreams shared with Poe. For the few moments that he gazed at the sleeping man, Kylo felt nothing but a sort of peaceful joy. He could forget all the obstacles standing between Poe and himself; instead, Kylo dwelt on the thought that his beloved rested a scant mile away, and the thought that Kylo might see him again soon. “I love you,” Kylo whispered, as if Poe could somehow hear him. The candlelight illuminating Poe’s peaceful face had begun to gutter, and Kylo knew that in a moment, the candle would go out and he would be able to see nothing more. He felt despair looming in the back of his mind, waiting to engulf him again, but he pushed it away for a few seconds longer. Kylo drew his eyes over Poe one final time, then leaned down and touched his mouth to the water’s surface. His kiss spread ripples through the bowl, and when he sat up, water dripping from his lips, the image was gone. Kylo wiped his mouth on the arm of the long linen shirt he wore and emptied the bowl’s contents onto the remains of the fire. Leaving the bowl on a table that stood in the center of the room, Kylo went back to his bed. The cat was there asleep, curled up at the foot of the bed. Kylo sighed and got in more carefully than usual, so as not to wake it. He didn’t put himself back to sleep right away; if sleep could bring no dreams of his beloved, Kylo didn’t want it. Instead, he lay quietly on his back with his eyes closed and tried to hold the image of Poe’s quiet rest in his mind. I have to see him again, Kylo thought. Tomorrow. . . tomorrow is the Sabbath, and I’m sure he’ll go to meeting. My mother will have asked him, and he won’t say no, not to the one who’s hired him. Kylo gave a low chuckle into the darkness at the thought of himself going into the church, and the reactions his presence would garner. Nevertheless, the next morning he waited until meeting had begun before he slipped into the church building and sat on an empty bench at the very back. The preacher was praying aloud for the ill in the settlement, his eyes closed, so Kylo took his seat without being noticed. However, as soon as the prayer ended and the preacher opened his eyes, he caught sight of Kylo. The old man’s eyes widened, and although he regained his composure quickly enough, for a moment, he looked truly stunned. Few in the small congregation saw the preacher’s distress, but Kylo’s mother did. Kylo had already picked her out—her short stature and braided hair made her easily recognizable—and her shoulders stiffened. Leia Organa glanced back over her shoulder at her son with a stern frown that clearly said, “Don’t you dare cause trouble”. . . and then she leaned over to murmur something to the young man at her side. Kylo had recognized Poe Dameron right away, too, by the locks of curly, dark brown hair that trailed the nape of his tan neck. As soon as Leia spoke to him, Dameron looked behind him. His eyes met Kylo’s, and for an instant, Poe’s mouth twitched as if he were thinking of smiling at the other man. Kylo’s heart felt as if it wanted to leap right out of his chest, and he forced a scowl to his face. Poe’s lips pressed together in a thin line rather than smiling, and he faced forward once more. If he had known Kylo would be attending that meeting, the preacher probably would have prepared a variation of his “not suffering a witch to live” sermon, but the one he had ready—something about the sinfulness of pleasing the flesh—seemed apt enough as well. Kylo had heard that one enough too, as a child when he’d attend meeting with his mother, and he paid it little attention now. Instead, he focused on Poe Dameron, watching the other man’s every movement. Poe didn’t look back at Kylo again, but the hunter still seemed uncomfortable. Does the topic of the sermon embarrass him? Kylo wondered. Or does he feel guilt over what he’s come here to do—to hunt me? Is he merely bored. . . or does he long to turn around and look into my eyes, the way I long to gaze into his? As unlikely as that was, this last possibility captivated Kylo and occupied him for the rest of the meeting. I would give your flesh all the pleasure you could ever want, Poe Dameron, he thought, and teach you why there’s no sin in it. I would make you my bride before God in His true church, not in this meager building before these foolish people—if only you had come here for any other reason, if only you could see me as anything but what you’ve come to kill. When the preacher began his closing prayer and all other eyes in the church had closed, Kylo got up and made his silent exit. No one had seen him there except for the preacher, Leia, and Poe. . . and Poe was the only one who mattered to him. She’ll send him after me soon enough, Kylo thought as he stood looking back at the little church building. Send him to make his tests on her own son—and even when I pass his silly tests, he’ll denounce me anyway, and they’ll all have the proof of what they’ve said about me from the first. Kylo knew he should hurry away if he didn’t want Poe Dameron to catch him a lot sooner than planned, but he became lost in his thoughts of the man who’d come to have him killed: Does he want to see me burn? Does he want it badly enough to stay, no matter how I try to drive him away from here? And if he does. . . what am I going to do? Am I going to fight him, knowing I’ll win, knowing it will probably kill him? Or am I going to let him drag me to the stake, rather than hurt him? Am I going to give my life to spare his? Just as Kylo turned away and started back up the street, he heard his mother’s voice hailing him. He cringed and kept walking, until he realized she wasn’t going to stop her (increasingly loud) calls until he acknowledged her. Finally, Kylo paused and looked back. “What do you want, Mother?” Kylo hissed as she approached him, her face set in a familiar glower. Poe Dameron followed behind her, and the heads of several other departing churchgoers had turned at the sound of the commotion. When the others saw Kylo, some hurried away, but most clustered to whisper in twos or threes, still watching him. “I wanted to introduce you to my guest,” Leia replied when she and Dameron had drawn closer, “although he tells me you’ve already met.” “We have,” Kylo said as scornfully as he could manage. He kept his eyes fixed on his mother, not trusting himself to look directly at Dameron. “I know who he is, and I know why he’s come here.” “Is that why you were so rude to me yesterday?” Dameron interrupted the conversation. Kylo’s gaze jerked over to the other man before he could stop it. Poe glared as he continued, “Because you think you know who I am?” “Your name is Poe Dameron,” Kylo breathed. “You are a witch hunter, and she summoned you here.” Poe’s eyes widened slightly at hearing that Kylo did know him, and Kylo allowed himself a small, cocky smile even though he was thinking, And I know you far better than that. I know your scent and your taste, the way you kiss and how to do things that would make your body tremble and your lips moan my name. . . . “I summoned him for your own sake, Ben,” interjected Leia, “as perhaps you know.” “I know nothing of the sort,” Kylo growled at her, finally able to take his eyes away from Dameron. “Really? Then why were you at meeting this morning, if not to see him ?” his mother countered. Kylo felt his cheeks burn in a blush. Somehow, she had known. . . . From the corner of his eye, Kylo could see Dameron still staring at him, and it was possible that the hunter’s darker face was flushed as well. As if he wants me to be looking for him. . . to be looking at him, Kylo thought. Could it be that he remembers something of our dreams together? Can he feel it too? Kylo crushed the hope rising within him and retorted, without answering her question, “I have no use for this man, or for your desire to see him bring me to the stake.” “What? Ben, you really think. . . .” When Leia’s voice trailed into silence, Kylo saw true pain in her brown eyes, so like his own. Underneath all the layers of uncaring he had built over the years, Kylo felt guilty for it—but that guilt was like his love for the witch hunter: something to be hidden. Leia regulated her voice and said more sternly, “I sent for Poe to prove you innocent, not to condemn you.” “Innocent?” Kylo scoffed, for his own mother knew better than anyone else that he truly was a witch. Leia herself had some small powers, and he wondered if Poe Dameron knew that . He turned back to Dameron and told him, “You’d do better not to waste your time here, or on me. Go back to wherever you came from, before you get hurt.” Resentment and anger filled Poe’s beautiful dark eyes, but he only said in a low voice, “You’re a stubborn ass who doesn’t deserve the love of so good a mother—but neither do you deserve to burn, just to satisfy this town’s naïve superstition. I’m not going anywhere until I’ve made my tests on you. I will need no more than a few days to demonstrate your innocence to the town fathers, and then you will be free of me.” Dameron’s words startled Kylo. Perhaps Leia really did send for the witch hunter with good intentions; maybe she knew that Kylo could easily pass any of the ridiculous tests. Maybe Poe knew that too. No, I cannot trust him, Kylo told himself with a narrowing of his eyes. He speaks of my innocence now, before her, but when we’re alone, he may yet try to entrap me. Aloud, Kylo sneered, “You truly refuse to leave me in peace until I submit to your ridiculous games? So be it. When shall we start—today?” He thought, If he won’t leave otherwise, better to begin as soon as possible and get it over with. I’ll still drive him away, one way or another. “Not on the Sabbath,” Poe countered immediately. “Tomorrow. Your mother has told me where you live—I’ll come to you there, and we can begin.” “Fine.” Kylo gave his mother a sardonic nod of farewell, but before he could turn away from them, she intervened once more. “Give him your hand,” Leia instructed her son, “and swear on your honor that you will submit to the tests graciously.” “My hand. . . .” Kylo looked down at it, then at Poe’s, thinking, I’ll have to touch him, to feel his warmth. . . . Poe extended his hand and waited, and suddenly Kylo wanted nothing more than to clasp it in his own. He did just that, closing his long fingers over Poe’s as he had a thousand times in his dreams. “I swear I’ll submit,” murmured Kylo. For a moment, he forgot everything else and let himself look into Poe’s eyes as if they were together in his dreams, not in a place where they were enemies. Dameron’s eyes moved over his face; then Poe nodded. Kylo drew his hand back to escape all the temptations Poe’s touch brought. He turned away, this time without further interference from his mother, and walked swiftly toward the edge of the settlement and the path that would take him home. As soon as his back was turned and his face was hidden from the others’ view, Kylo brought his hand to his mouth and pressed its palm to his lips. I’ll see him again tomorrow, Kylo thought. He’ll come to me in my home to look at me with his beautiful eyes, to touch me again with those perfect hands. . . and then I’ll have to drive him away. Kylo’s hand trembled against his mouth, and he clenched his fingers into a fist before dropping it to his side. -- For some reason Poe couldn’t understand, his hand shook after Kylo Ren let it go and turned away. Poe wanted him—he understood that much—but he still couldn’t fathom why. The man had looked at him with such loathing, as if he really did think that his own mother had sent for Poe with the sole purpose of condemning Kylo to his death. “I have no use for this man,” Ren had said of him, and the words had seared Poe to his core. But for the instant that we touched, his face changed, Poe remembered. His eyes—watching me as if he really did know me, and his hand warm in mine. . . . In his head, Poe heard again the deep voice murmuring, “I swear I’ll submit,” and he shivered. Leia Organa was watching him. Poe held his hand down against his thigh to still its trembling and hoped the older woman wouldn’t realize how he was lusting for her son. But she said nothing about the encounter, save to apologize for Kylo’s rudeness; then she asked Poe if he would come have lunch at her home. Poe had eaten more than was probably good for him at breakfast, not to mention at dinner the night before, but he was surprised to find that he was already hungry again. Whatever else comes of this, at least I’ll leave this place well-fed, Poe observed after he had accepted Mistress Organa’s offer and was following her up the street to her house. He chided himself immediately after: But what else could come of it, besides a few meals and some money? Even if Ben—Kylo didn’t resent me so, he is a man. He could never be mine. Perhaps I am the one being tested here—perhaps God sent him to test me. . . to tempt me. . . . Poe spent the rest of the short walk in silent prayer, asking first for forgiveness and second for the strength to endure the next day, when he would be alone with Kylo Ren. After they dined, Mistress Organa asked Poe to wait while she wrote a letter for him to give to her son the next day. “This may not do one bit of good,” she commented as she sealed the letter with wax, “but ask him to read it before you begin your tests. You’ve seen how bitter he acts towards me, but I suspect that at least some of it is an act and he still holds some affection for me.” Mistress Organa got up from her desk and handed the letter to Poe. “Perhaps if he reads these assurances of yours and my goodwill, he’ll cooperate with you more easily.” Poe doubted it would do any good, but he smiled nonetheless as he accepted the letter. “Thank you, but please don’t worry. I’ve worked with others who were unwilling to be tested before, so I’m used to being mistrusted and despised.” He spoke lightly, to show he meant the remark in humor, but Mistress Organa shook her head. “He doesn’t despise you, Poe. As with his behavior towards me, it’s an act. Even after being apart from Ben for so long, I still know him very well,” she told Poe. “The way he looked at you when he took your hand—you intrigue him as much as he intrigues you.” For the second time that afternoon, Poe felt his face grow warm. Am I that transparent? he wondered. And. . . could she be right? Mistress Organa continued, “All that aside, the very fact that he came to meeting today, just to catch another glimpse of you—” Poe’s embarrassment overwhelmed him, and he interrupted in a stammer, “I-I’m sure I wasn’t the reason he came.” To his surprise, Mistress Organa smiled—a full, open smile. “I told you, he never comes to meeting—not since he was a child, before I stopped forcing him to attend. The only thing different about this Sabbath from any other is that you are here.” Poe had no response for her, and he busied himself with tucking the letter into his vest. “I’ll give this to Ben tomorrow,” he mumbled. “I intend to go early in the day to begin my tests. Shall I come here after to report on how it went?” “There’s no need, until your tests are complete. Then you can tell me everything at once,” Mistress Organa replied. She walked with Poe to the door but stopped him with a hand on his arm as he was leaving. “Thank you, Poe, for your patience—and for your stubbornness, I suppose. If you yielded more easily, I don’t think you’d be any match for Ben, but as it is. . . perhaps you can help him.” “I hope so, mistress,” Poe said, but as he returned to his room at the inn, he wondered at her words. -- To be continued Chapter 3 You know our sacred dream won't fail The sanctuary tender and so frail The sacrament of love The sacrament of warmth is true The sacrament is you -- Kylo hardly slept the night of the Sabbath, even when he tried to put himself to sleep; his mind was too preoccupied with thoughts of Poe Dameron. What little sleep Kylo got, it brought no dreams that he could recall, of Poe or anything else. Eventually, near dawn, Kylo gave up on getting any more rest. He rose and dressed, then spent the next hour pacing his cottage, wondering what the day—and Dameron—would bring. The cat grumbled and hissed at being awakened so early, and it sulked by the fireplace even after Kylo built up the fire. It was mid-October, and the weather had already turned cold with the first frost occurring some weeks before. Of course, Kylo took much of the blame for the unseasonably early winter. As if I could control the weather, he brooded. If I could accomplish but half of what they accuse me of doing, I wouldn’t be living out my days here in near poverty. Kylo had just begun to heat a kettle of water to make tea—more to occupy his time than because he really wanted it—when a firm knock sounded on the cottage’s rickety wooden door. Kylo started and looked at the door; despite his early rising, he hadn’t expected Dameron to arrive that soon. After a pause, the knock came again, and the cat gave a loud, pointed meow. “All right, all right,” Kylo muttered, and he went to the door. His hand shook on the latch, but he composed his face before lifting it and opening the door. Poe Dameron stood on the other side, wrapped in a worn cloak and looking rather cold. Without speaking, Kylo stood aside to let the smaller man come in and latched the door behind him. By the time he turned to face Dameron, he had thought of something to say. “Don’t your masters clothe you better than that?” “We’re responsible for our own clothing,” Dameron muttered. He cast his dark eyes aside as if ashamed, and Kylo immediately regretted what he’d said. If I shame him, he’ll want to leave all the sooner, Kylo told himself, but even so, his heart protested his cruelty. I can’t stand to know he’s suffering. If only I could warm him in my arms. . . . “Go sit by the fire,” he ordered Dameron gruffly with a gesture toward the wobbly chair in front of the fireplace. “And when my mother pays your fee, you might consider using it to purchase a new cloak.” Kylo went to his table to retrieve his only other chair, and when he carried it to the fireplace, Dameron was already seated and holding out his small, brown hands to the fire. The cat lying on the flagstones had its head tilted up, watching him. “You need gloves too,” Kylo observed as he placed his chair a few feet away and sat down. He had noticed the day before that Dameron’s hands felt rough, and now he could see that the skin on the hunter’s palms was parched and cracked. Poe’s hands had never been like that in Kylo’s dreams; there, they were soft and flawless. But I suppose in our dreams, we have perfect bodies, Kylo mused, like our Heavenly bodies will be someday. Nevertheless, he found everything about Poe’s earthly body beautiful, flaws and all. When Dameron saw Kylo looking at his hands, he pulled them back into his lap, burrowing them under the cloak he still wore. “Are you ready to begin?” Dameron asked in a low voice. “We might as well—” Kylo began, until he was interrupted by the rattle of his kettle as the water started to boil over. He’d forgotten all about it. “Dammit!” he hissed. As he leapt to his feet and wrapped his hand in a cloth to snatch the kettle off its hook over the fire, Dameron chuckled. Now Kylo was the one to be embarrassed, but his pleasure at hearing Poe’s laugh kept him from getting angry. He trudged with the heavy kettle over to the table and poured the boiling water into the teapot he had ready. “Do you want some tea?” he asked Dameron, deciding that he could at least be polite. “Yes,” said Poe immediately. He sounded surprised. “Please.” “You aren’t afraid I’m going to poison it?” Kylo muttered. He got a second cup out for Poe. “Or use it to bewitch you?” “People really think you do things like that?” Poe asked in return, sounding more surprised than ever. “That’s ridiculous.” “It’s not so far-fetched,” responded Kylo. “At the least, I could poison you if I wanted to, but so could anyone else who knew anything about poison. And I do read the tea leaves sometimes. However, things would only be worse for me if any harm befell you, would they not?” He strained the tea into the cups and brought them back to the fire. When he passed Dameron his, Poe looked up into his face. “You read the tea leaves?” A faint smile crossed Poe’s peach-colored, chapped lips. As if he thought it silly, as if he’d never heard of a witch doing such a mundane thing. Kylo scowled and turned to sit down again, without answering. After he sipped cautiously at the hot tea, Dameron murmured, “This tastes good. Like—like flowers.” He glanced at Kylo with his eyelids half-lowered, in the captivating way Kylo knew so well from his dreams. “I suppose that’s a silly thing to say.” Kylo had to work to hide a smile. “Hardly, considering it’s brewed with rose petals.” “Oh! Truly?” Poe looked down into his cup with a smile he didn’t bother to hide at all. “I didn’t know they were edible. Er. . . drink. . . able?” “Many plants are. I’ve learned everything I can about what grows in this area,” Kylo told him, “especially in the woods. Because most of the townsfolk are too afraid to enter them, I can have almost everything that lives or grows there for myself.” The cat meowed loudly, and Kylo sighed. “For myself and him .” “Why is everyone afraid to enter the woods?” Dameron asked. He was looking at Kylo again, and Kylo made himself keep his own eyes on the fire or his cup. “They can’t be that dangerous, not if you live right on the edge of them.” Kylo laughed, mirthlessly. “They fear the woods because they believe a coven of witches makes its nest at the heart of the forest. And naturally, a witch wouldn’t be afraid of other witches, now would he?” “Right,” Dameron mumbled. When Kylo risked another glance at him, Poe was looking around the cottage, particularly at the dried fruit, herbs, and flowers hanging from the ceiling, and at the woven rug on the otherwise bare floor. Kylo had very little in the way of material possessions, but as he’d indicated, he was never in danger of starving or freezing. Some of his skills, mistaken for witchcraft by the superstitious, were purely domestic, but they served him well. “Have you eaten?” he asked Poe. I’m being too kind to him, Kylo thought, but I can’t let him go hungry any more than I can let him freeze. “Oh, yes, thank you.” Poe smiled once more, and Kylo didn’t look away quickly enough. Instead, he watched Poe’s mouth, captivated, as the hunter spoke. “Your mother was very kind in paying all of my room and board, so they’ve fed me quite well at the inn.” He chuckled again and added, “I’m going to be too fat to ride my horse by the time I leave this town.” “I hardly think so,” Kylo murmured. “Your face is too thin. You hadn’t had enough to eat for a long time before you came here, had you?” Poe’s beautiful smile vanished, and he bit his lower lip. Instead of answering, he muttered, “Speaking of your mother, I’d forgotten.” Dameron leaned over to set his empty teacup on the floor; then he unclasped his cloak and slipped out of it, leaving it draped open over the back of the chair. From inside the vest he wore under it, Poe took a folded paper and held it out to Kylo. “She gave me a letter for you. She asked that you read it before I begin my tests.” “Hmph.” Kylo took it, flipped it over to see that it was still sealed (although he would have been surprised if a virtuous man like Poe had read something not addressed to him), then tossed it aside to the floor. “I have no interest in anything she has to say to me.” He was gratified by the stunned and slightly horrified look Dameron gave him. “But—she said for you to read it first!” the hunter protested. “I promised her I’d give it to you before I began.” Kylo shrugged. “And you did, so it’s no longer your concern.” In truth, he was curious about what his mother had to say to him, but he’d rather Poe not know that. I’ll read it after he’s gone, Kylo decided. Aloud, he told Poe, “Let’s proceed with your tests and be done with them. What must you do to—how did you put it?—prove my innocence to the town fathers?” “There are several tests that can, supposedly, prove that one is a witch,” Poe replied, “or prove that one is not . Of course, they’re all ridiculous falsehoods.” “Of course,” Kylo echoed, intrigued in spite of himself. Any witch could easily pass some of the tests he knew of, just as any ordinary mortal could fail others. However, Kylo had never heard of a witch hunter who believed that. Poe continued, “My intention is to perform some of the tests before the town fathers, and whoever else wishes to witness them, so that they will be satisfied of your innocence. However, we can’t afford to have any surprises, so I’ve come to meet with you in private to prepare you. I suppose you could say we’re practicing. You’ll know what I intend to ask of you, and I’ll know how you’ll respond and what I will find.” Kylo eyed him a moment in amazed silence. Even as long as he’d known Poe in his dreams, he had never asked about his methods of witch-hunting. Kylo hadn’t wanted to know, and learning them now astounded him. Finally, Kylo murmured, “So my mother really is paying you to prove me innocent—not to condemn me.” Poe shot him an incredulous look and retorted, “Of course she is. I can’t believe you would think that your own mother, as kind a woman as she is, would want to see you die.” “Never mind what you believe,” Kylo growled. “Just get on with it—tell me what these tests are so I can be rid of you.” Poe lowered his black lashes over his eyes and sighed. “There will be three. First, I will invite the town fathers here to satisfy themselves that you have no artifacts of witchcraft.” “ What? ” Kylo cried. At the same time, the cat gave an annoyed hiss. “You’re going to ‘invite’ them into my home? What gives you the right to do that ?” “Would you prefer I use some of the more barbaric methods?” Poe retorted. “Dunking? Or pressing, maybe? They’ll know you’re not a witch when you’re drowned or crushed under a pile of rocks, but I’ll wager that won’t do you much good.” “Fine,” grumbled Kylo. “Although they’ll probably mistake everything I own for some kind of spell ingredient, the fools.” “That’s why I came here alone first,” Poe told him in a calmer tone. “I’ll search your dwelling, and if I see anything that could be misconstrued, we can hide it elsewhere before the others come.” When Kylo didn’t protest, Poe continued, “The second test will be for you to recite the Lord’s Prayer, since witches aren’t supposed to be able to say it without mistakes. If you don’t know it, you’ll need to learn—” “Of course I know it,” Kylo interrupted. “Whatever Mother told you, I did attend meeting when I was a child. It was fairly well drilled into me.” “You know it well enough to recite it flawlessly?” Poe challenged. “A single mistake is enough to condemn you.” “Our Father,” Kylo announced, “Which art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done even in earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts, as we also forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever. Amen.” Poe didn’t look as impressed as Kylo had hoped for, but he nodded. “All right. You would do well to memorize some other Bible passage too, to offer additional evidence.” Such a test was as ridiculous as any other, for any witch could read the Bible aloud from cover to cover if he or she desired. However, Kylo knew that arguing that point with Poe wouldn’t get him anywhere. Instead, he sighed, “And what is the third test?” Poe looked away, and perhaps his cheeks darkened a bit as he muttered, “I have to examine you for what they call witch’s marks—any irregularities that someone could claim as the mark of the devil.” “. . . Irregularities where? ” Kylo asked. “Anywhere on your body.” Poe was definitely blushing, and Kylo realized from the heat in his face that he probably was too. “Any marks that are insensitive—that is, if you feel no pain when pricked with a needle—could be considered proof of your guilt, so I need to know in advance how you’ll react to touch there.” “You’re going to strip my clothes off before the whole town and poke me with needles?” Kylo groaned. “Your tests are worse than burning, Dameron!” “You should be thankful I’m honest!” Poe snapped. “Some hunters use trick pins or collapsible knives so that the accused truly doesn’t feel any pain! And of course I won’t force you to undress completely before everyone. I have to see all of you to know what to expect should someone challenge my findings, but that isn’t likely. For the public trial, we’ll—we’ll find some spots on your back or something, somewhere that you feel comfortable showing them, and—” “I don’t feel comfortable about any of this.” Kylo glowered into the fire, unable to speak what was truly at the heart of his uneasiness: the thought of Poe seeing him naked, even in private, and judging his imperfections. Of course, he had been bared before Poe a thousand times in his dreams—but that dream-body was flawless, as Kylo had already observed. And besides, the real-life Poe had no memory of those dreams, and he was viewing Kylo as an accused witch, looking for every blemish. And poking them, Kylo thought miserably. With needles. “I don’t feel comfortable about it either,” grumbled Poe, “but it must be done.” He stood from his chair and moved over next to Kylo. Kylo drew in a sharp breath when Poe cupped his chin in one hand and tilted his face upward. The dark, reddish-brown irises of Poe’s eyes bore into Kylo’s own gaze, and Kylo’s heart felt as if it fluttered in his chest. Then, Poe announced, “You have a lot of spots on your face. If the rest of you is like that, this could take a while.” Kylo made an incoherent growling noise and jerked his chin free of Poe’s hand, then stood as well and took several steps backward, away from the other man. “Get out,” he snarled, pointing to the door for good measure. “I will not submit to being judged by you, whatever fate awaits me.” “No,” Poe protested, “I didn’t mean—only that—” “Be quiet! ” Kylo shouted at him. Only by yelling could he be certain he wasn’t going to weep from humiliation. “And leave me be! Go tell them I’m a witch, condemn me, tell them whatever you want—just go! ” Dameron stared at him, the blush drained from his face. In fact, Poe’s normally tan face seemed downright pale, and he bit at his lip again. Then, silent as Kylo had commanded, he went to the door. He stopped there and muttered, “I’m sorry, Kylo,” before he slipped out without looking back. Kylo stormed to the door and latched it, but then all his anger abandoned him, and he sank to his knees and leaned forward to rest his forehead on the rough wood. All he sees are my flaws, he thought. He couldn’t keep the tears of bitterness from escaping his eyes, but it didn’t really matter. There was no one to see them, besides the cat. Perhaps he finds me beautiful in our dreams together, but here in reality. . . he must think I’m repulsive. And he’ll be even more repulsed if he ever realizes what I truly am. Maybe he really does believe me to be innocent, but he’s still a witch hunter—and a witch hunter can feel nothing but hatred for a witch. A repressed sob shook Kylo’s broad shoulders and rattled the door on its hinges. The cat got up from the fireplace and paced over to stand beside Kylo, where it gave a loud meow. “Shut up,” Kylo muttered at it. “You’re my familiar, so you’re part of the problem.” The cat mewed again, and Kylo growled, “I don’t need you to lecture me!” The cat spat at him, ginger fur bristling, and turned to stalk away. It stopped when it came to the letter from Kylo’s mother, still lying on the floor where Kylo had tossed it. The cat, with some difficulty, got the edge of the letter in its mouth and carried it over to Kylo. It dropped the letter beside him, spat again, then vacated the room. “What the hell could she say that could possibly make things better?” Kylo snapped over his shoulder, despite the cat’s absence, but then he picked up the letter and broke the wax seal. His mother had written the letter on fine stationery, reminding Kylo of the wealth he’d left behind when he’d abandoned her home for the coven in the heart of the forest, many years before. Her familiar handwriting only covered about half of the page: My dear son, I know you resent me for calling this man here, but he is not to blame. Please be kind to him, even if you cannot find it in your heart to forgive me for summoning him. I fear that if this settlement’s hatred and fear toward you continue, disaster will befall us—and the only way I could think of to ease their suspicions was to bring a witch hunter to “prove” your innocence to them. I chose Poe Dameron because of his reputation: he has never condemned a witch. Every accused person he’s tested—some of them true witches with whom I’m acquainted—has been judged innocent and freed. He confided in me that he became a hunter solely to acquit the accused and free the innocent. Therefore, I have full faith that he will perform the tests upon you honestly and will free you as well. One slight surprise: Poe also confessed to me that he does not believe in witchcraft or witches at all! Poor innocent boy. It is better for you this way, though, because he will defend you with a pure heart and be all the more convincing. I beseech you again, please don’t be cruel to him. He tries to hide it, but you fascinate him, and I don’t want him to be hurt because of my decision to bring him here. I remain, Your loving Mother P.S. When I first met Poe, he seemed familiar to me. Only when I saw the two of you together did I realize why: he looks like the boy you said you used to dream of when you were little, grown into a man. Do you remember those dreams? You used to want so badly for them to be real. Kylo’s hands were trembling by the time he finished reading the letter. He let it fall to the floor as he tried to comprehend its import: Poe’s only intention is to save me, and he holds no hatred for witches—how can he hate what he believes not to exist? He won’t try to kill me, and I won’t be forced to fight him. . . and so I don’t have to drive him away. He looked again at the letter, now slightly askew from where it had drifted to the floorboards, and at three of his mother’s words: “You fascinate him.” I fascinate him—as much as he fascinates me. I was wrong, I don’t repulse him. . . and I don’t have to drive him away. I can keep him here with me, if only I can convince him to stay. I can love him, and pray that he will remember his dreams and how he loves me. Kylo snatched up the letter and folded it again, then stumbled to his feet. Now he regretted not reading his mother’s letter right away, and he especially regretted throwing Poe out of his house. If only I could tell him everything immediately! Kylo lamented. But he’d never believe it, and it might only frighten him away if I confess it all too suddenly. As much as he wanted to chase after Poe and profess his love right then and there, Kylo decided on a more moderate strategy. I’ll have to get him to return here, to finish the tests. While we’re together, I can try to help him remember the dreams we’ve shared, and I can. . . can court him. Even if he never remembers, maybe he can learn to love me. . . . Kylo started for his bedroom, where he kept his own writing implements, but then he noticed for the first time that Poe’s cloak was still draped over the chair he’d used; in his haste to depart, the hunter had forgotten it. How very like him, Kylo thought with a fond but regretful smile. He’s probably so cold without it, but too ashamed—or frightened—to come back for it. I’m sorry, my love. . . and I’ll make it up to you. Kylo scooped up the cloak, and when he went into the bedroom, he found his needles and thread before his paper and ink. The cat was lying on his bed, and it gave Kylo a suspicious look but didn’t let on if it was interested by his change in mood. Although Poe really just needed a new cloak, Kylo mended the existing one as best he could. When it came time to knot the thread, he paused and closed his eyes, thinking of the joy he’d experienced with Poe in their dreams and imagining having that joy in his waking life. Then Kylo knotted the thread in a lovers’ knot, intended not only to bind Poe to Kylo but also to protect him. Even if I can’t be with you, my love will follow you, Kylo swore silently, and may God protect you if I cannot. Finally, Kylo put the cloak aside and took up his paper instead. He wrote Poe a brief note—far briefer and saying far less than he wished to—apologizing for his outburst and asking Poe to return the next day. “I hope he’ll come back,” Kylo muttered as he folded the paper. The cat gave him a look that seemed sardonic, but Kylo chose to ignore it. -- To be continued Chapter 4 Notes: Sorry this is so short, but better a short update than none at all, amirite? Witch tests (and Kylo-spot-hunting) commence next chapter, though! At first, Poe didn’t even realize he’d left his cloak behind; he was too upset. He hadn’t meant to insult Kylo with his careless observation, and he cursed himself for it as he rode his horse back to the settlement. . . until he started cursing himself for forgetting his cloak, too. The damp bitterness of the grey weather sank right through Poe’s clothes, chilling him thoroughly before he was even halfway to his destination. I certainly can’t go get back to get it, Poe told himself. I’m such a fool. Kylo must think so as well—and he must hate me now, if he didn’t already. All I wanted was to help him. . . . But that wasn’t entirely true: Poe had also wanted to see more of Kylo. When Poe had touched the other man’s face, his pulse had raced, and his thoughts had raced with it, imagining what it would be like to uncover Kylo’s body, to brush Kylo’s pale skin with his fingertips. . . to search out every inch of Kylo’s flesh. . . . “Stop it,” Poe hissed aloud. He coaxed his horse into a trot, which made a breeze that chilled Poe further but also meant he would reach the warmth of the inn more quickly. Perhaps this is my punishment for those sinful thoughts, for wanting him, Poe thought. It’s just as well he drove me away. Except that Poe still had a job to do, and it was going to be hard for him to prove Kylo’s innocence if Kylo wouldn’t speak to him. What will I tell Mistress Organa? wondered Poe with a sigh. That I’ve failed her? That they might drag her son to the stake, and it’s my fault because I couldn’t keep my mouth shut? By the time Poe reached the inn, he’d decided that his best course of action was to learn more about Kylo and the accusations leveled against him. Perhaps, Poe hoped, he could explain away whatever it was the townspeople blamed Kylo for, thus clearing his name without actually testing him. Or at the least, Poe thought, maybe I’ll learn something that can help me get back in his good graces—something he likes, some way to please him. After stabling his horse and warming himself by the hearth in the inn for some minutes, Poe crossed the street to the only other establishment where the townspeople gathered, besides the church: a small tavern. Poe didn’t drink, but he had spent enough time in taverns before, seeking out information on accused witches—and sometimes seeking out the accused witches themselves. This tavern was no different from any other, except a few more men were there than one would normally find in the middle of the day. Poe assumed their presence was due to the cold weather and the early freeze that had killed off the last of the farmers’ harvest; without any crops to bring in, some men would have little with which to fill their time. When Poe stepped in to the low-ceilinged, dimly-lit (and, thankfully, warm) room, the half dozen men there all turned to look at him. Word of who Poe was and why he had come to the settlement had apparently spread just since yesterday’s meeting, for none of the men seemed surprised to see him. Poe had been concerned that they might not welcome a stranger, and a witch hunter at that, but to his surprise, almost all of those present greeted him warmly. Soon enough, Poe realized this was because they thought he was there to condemn Kylo Ren. By mid-afternoon, Poe had heard what felt like a hundred different, ridiculous stories of how Ren had done everything from causing the birth of a deformed calf last spring, to making a magistrate’s well run dry, to bringing the early freeze that autumn. “It’s all happened since he came back here, last All Hallows’ Eve,” the oldest of the men confided to Poe as they sat at a table near the fire. “Came back from where?” Poe asked. He knew from Mistress Organa that Kylo had disappeared for several years, but she had never mentioned where he’d gone. “He hasn’t said so, of course,” the old man replied, “but he left nearly a decade before to join the witches’ coven in the forest.” “The. . . witches’ coven,” Poe repeated, biting back a groan of irritation. He remembered what Kylo had said about why the villagers’ feared the woods. Of course, they would assume that their accused witch had gone there . “Aye,” the man nodded. “Mistress Organa didn’t tell you that?” “Er, no, not exactly.” Poe’s companion sighed, “The poor woman, she still tries to deny what he’s become, even though it’s no mark against her . I always said the boy’s father is to blame, the worthless scoundrel. But the mistress, you’ll not find a better, more Christian woman. I knew that when the boy left her home and her good influence, he was lost forever.” “Why did he leave?” Poe wanted to know. “What would make him want to go. . . erm, join a coven?” “It was because of what he did,” replied the old man, rather cryptically. Poe was almost afraid to ask, “Well. . . what did he do?” “Again, he’s never said for certain what happened,” the man muttered, “and no one can prove it one way or the other, but it’s said he committed a murder.” “ Murder? ” Poe squawked. As disagreeable as Kylo could be, Poe couldn’t imagine him killing another person. He didn’t want to imagine it. “W-who—who was murdered?” “There’s a large farm just north of the town,” said the old man, “owned by the wealthiest man in this area. A boy disappeared from that farm ten years ago, just before Ren left for the coven.” He paused and eyed Poe, who was staring at him with his own eyes wide. Satisfied that he had the hunter’s attention, the old man went on, “The boy was the farmer’s bastard. The man has enough influence that no one dared openly condemn him for it, but the son was shunned by the other children, except for Ren. They all shunned him too—called him a witch even back then—so the two of them were sort of friends, I guess because neither of them had anyone else.” Rather than turn Poe against Kylo, the story only made him pity the so-called witch. Although Poe’d had a rough childhood himself, he had always made friends easily, and he couldn’t imagine growing up alone, scorned for being different from the others. I wish I had grown up here, with him, Poe thought wistfully. I would have been his friend, I would have tried to comfort him. . . and maybe he wouldn’t hate me now. The man continued, “Then the bastard child just disappeared one night—one night when the moon was full. Rumor holds that Ren tried to cast a spell on the boy and killed him on accident, because Ren couldn’t master the dark arts on his own and he lost control. A few claim Ren outright murdered the bastard as a sacrifice to Satan, but I think that’s a mite hard to believe.” Really, thought Poe, hoping his disgust didn’t show on his face. “So after that, Ren went off to the coven, so the witches there could teach him how to control his powers. Most believe that he made a deal with the devil there, giving Satan free rein over our settlement in exchange for Ren’s training. He got his witch name there as well: he left here as Benjamin Organa and returned as Kylo Ren.” “What proof do you have that Kylo—that Ren killed the boy, though?” Poe demanded. “Did anyone ever find his body? Maybe he just ran away if he was treated so poorly.” The old man gave Poe a sympathetic look, as if he pitied the hunter’s naïveté. “He was a fragile young man, too sickly to make it far on his own,” he told Poe. “No, no body was found, but then there wasn’t much of a search. Sorry to say, his father didn’t care much for him one way or another—in fact, I myself think he was glad to be rid of the boy.” The old man sighed and shook his head. “It’s an unfortunate situation all around, and bastard or not, the poor boy didn’t deserve such a fate. And neither do the rest of us deserve to suffer from Ren’s witchcraft. He should pay with his life for what he’s done to all of us, and now that you’re here, we’ll have the proof we need to exact that payment at the stake.” Every part of Poe rebelled against what the man said: No, Kylo doesn’t deserve to suffer any more than the rest of you do—and you’ve already made him suffer plenty. That other boy probably did run away, and it’s no wonder that Kylo did too, with his sole friend gone. The only mystery about all this is why Kylo bothered to come back at all. Perhaps Mistress Organa was right, and her son did still hold some affection for her; at any rate, she was the only thing Poe could think of that might have drawn Kylo back to the town. And as for why he changed his name, who knows, Poe thought. Maybe he didn’t want to keep anything he got from this place, even his own name, even though it’s such a beautiful name. Benjamin, Benjamin Organa. . . . Poe returned to the inn just before dinner time, in no better spirits than he had left it; instead of learning how he could protect Kylo Ren, Poe had only uncovered more ammunition against him. His dark mood even affected his appetite, and he had started up the stairs, intending to forego dinner, when the innkeeper’s wife called his name. “This was left for you, Master Dameron,” the short, middle-aged woman said as she came up to him, bearing a folded garment in her arms. Poe recognized it as his own cloak, and he stared first at it, then into the woman’s myopic gaze. “Left by whom?” Poe murmured. He took the bundle from her. “Don’t know. My good-for-nothing husband was supposed to be minding the door but he’s gone off somewhere—probably causing trouble with Master Solo.” She chuckled, obviously fond of the absent husband—whom Poe had never actually seen—despite having dubbed him “good-for-nothing.” She continued, “But it must be for you, because there was a letter on top with your name on it. I folded the letter up inside so it wouldn’t get lost. Things tend to walk away around here. . . .” Poe managed to stammer, “Thank you”; then he hurried up to his room with the cloak clutched to his chest. Kylo had to have brought it here, Poe thought. He came all the way to town to return it to me—and he wrote something to me? He could hardly get to the privacy of his room fast enough before spreading his cloak out on the bed. Still, something distracted Poe before he could open the letter he found in the folds of the cloth: the tears in his cloak, which he’d never quite gotten around to having mended, were repaired. Poe traced one seam with a fingertip, biting his lip. Did Kylo do this? Why? Why would he do something kind for me? Finally, Poe picked up the folded piece of paper that bore his name in an unfamiliar yet elegant hand. It was sealed as Mistress Organa’s letter to her son had been, but Kylo had stamped a sigil in the blob of hardened wax, colored with a swirl of mixed hues of red and white. Poe had no idea what, if anything, the sigil meant, but he thought it looked pretty. At first he thought the paper was scented, as well—it smelled sweet, like the dried lavender he’d seen in Kylo’s cottage—but then Poe realized it only smelled like the cottage itself had. That smell had been just one of the things that surprised Poe about Kylo’s home: despite the dreary appearance of the building’s outside, and its location on the edge of the dark forest, the cottage’s interior was downright charming. Besides the pleasant smell, it had been warm and clean, with what seemed like a thousand bundles of beautiful plants and fruit hanging from the ceiling. Hardly like the home of a witch, Poe had thought at the time. Now, he lifted a fold of his cloak to his face and caught the same scent that clung to the letter, just from being left in Kylo’s care for a short time. The smell reminded Poe of Kylo himself, and he pressed the fabric to his cheek before he understood what he was doing. I felt safe there with him, Poe realized, at least until he started shouting at me. I wanted to stay there. . . I wanted to stay with him. Poe blinked hard and dropped his cloak, then broke the letter’s seal and unfolded the paper. The words Kylo had written to him, though few, were as startling as the repairs he’d made to Poe’s clothing: My dear Poe, Please forgive me for how I’ve treated you. I have no excuse for my behavior, but I am sorry for it. I would like to ask you to return tomorrow to make your tests. I promise to comply whole-heartedly. Yours, Kylo “What?” Poe breathed aloud. “What made him change his mind so completely? Maybe everyone believes him a witch because he’s mad .” The thought made Poe smile, and the smile grew as he reread the note. He called me “my dear,” and signed it “yours.” And he wants me to return—to see him again. Poe tried to tell himself that Kylo was only being polite, to make up for the earlier behavior he apparently regretted. And of course Kylo wanted Poe to come back just so they could finish the testing. Nevertheless, Poe’s eyes kept returning to the letter throughout the evening, from the time he finished dinner (which he quite enjoyed after all) until he fell asleep with his cloak spread over him beneath his blankets, and the letter still clutched in his hand. -- To be continued Chapter 5 When Poe rode up to Kylo’s cottage the next morning, he found the other man outside, doing. . . something. Poe wasn’t sure what until he drew closer; then he realized that Kylo had been placing food on the ground some yards away from the front of his home. Poe had time to wonder, What if he really is insane? before Kylo straightened up and turned to face him. “Good morning,” Poe mumbled as he dismounted from his horse. While he tied it to a bit of fence near the cottage’s door, Kylo approached him and stopped a few feet away. “Good morning,” he said. He looked down at Poe with a somewhat anxious expression. “Um. . . what were you doing?” asked Poe, not altogether sure it was a safe question. There’s no telling what will offend him, Poe thought. But Kylo actually smiled, albeit faintly, as he answered. “Oh. . . putting food out for the animals.” Poe glanced around. “What animals?” Kylo’s smile grew a little. “You think I’m insane, don’t you? Or a witch.” Poe jumped at hearing Kylo voice the very thought he’d just had, then stammered, “N-no, just. . . .” “It’s all right. But I’m not insane,” Kylo assured him. “I feed wild animals, and birds. Squirrels, deer. . . whatever comes by.” He held out what food he still carried: two dried ears of corn and an apple. “Squirrels and deer love corn, and some birds actually like fruit better than seeds.” “Really? I didn’t know—stop that!” Poe snapped at his horse when it turned its head and tried to bite the apple out of Kylo’s hand. Poe pushed the horse’s head away as Kylo actually laughed. Poe looked at the taller man in amazement; laughter made Kylo look a bit silly, but also far more approachable than usual. Seeing him smile made Poe smile too. “It’s all right,” Kylo chuckled. “He can have it. Here, hold these.” He passed the corn to Poe then held out the apple and let the horse bite off half of it. Once the horse had chewed that, Kylo gave it the rest, held on the flat of his open palm, then scrubbed his hand across his thigh. He nodded at the corn in Poe’s hands. “Better put that out of his reach though. The squirrels might put up a fight for it.” Poe chuckled himself and set out the corn well away from his greedy horse. Near that spot, Kylo had put out dried sunflower heads as well, for the birds to eat the seeds from their centers. “You must have been preparing some of this food all summer,” Poe observed. “Yes, I start hoarding early, so I’ll have enough food for them to last through the winter,” replied Kylo. “When they come to eat, I enjoy watching them through the window. But with the first frost arriving so early this year, I worry I won’t have enough for them this year.” He sighed, and Poe gazed up at him until Kylo swallowed, making his Adam’s apple shift in his throat. “It’s cold out here,” Kylo muttered. “Wouldn’t you rather come inside?” “Yes, I’m. . . .” Poe trailed off in embarrassment, realizing he’d been staring at the other man. “I’m sorry, I never thought. . . you don’t seem the type to. . . .” He sighed too and looked away before blurting out, “You’re going to tell me to leave before I even get in your door. I truly don’t mean to keep insulting you.” Then Kylo laughed once more. Poe stared at him again and felt a smile curl over his own lips. “You aren’t insulting me,” Kylo assured Poe, “and don’t apologize to me—please. I’m the one who should apologize, to you.” He took a step toward Poe then seemed to change his mind, and he turned to open the cottage door. Kylo let Poe go in first, and he closed and latched the door after following the hunter in. “Poe—” Kylo began once they were inside. He faced Poe and looked down at him, then cleared his throat. “Poe, I am very sorry for how I’ve behaved since you arrived here. Please forgive me.” Amazed, Poe nodded and stared up into the dark, almost black, eyes that watched him so intently as he murmured, “It’s. . . it’s all right. I could—could have been more polite myself. But. . . .” He struggled over how to phrase what he wanted to ask, but then he decided that the situation was too confusing for him to be anything but direct. “But what changed your mind? Why did you ask me to come back?” “I read the letter from my mother,” Kylo told him. “She explained to me who you were and why she’d written to you. I realized that I had misjudged you—and her, I suppose,” he added with some reluctance. Then, changing the subject, he went on, “Are you warm enough in here? If so, I’ll take your cloak.” “Yes, thank you.” Still, Poe shivered when Kylo moved behind him and reached around Poe’s shoulders to unclasp his cloak from his throat. Poe turned and watched the taller man hang the cloak from a hook near the door. “Thank you for mending it, too,” Poe said. “It was very kind of you.” Kylo nodded and stood by the door, his large white hands clasped in front of him. “I wanted to do something for you,” he murmured. “And you. . . you looked so cold yesterday. I thought perhaps you would be warmer with the holes sewn up.” Poe nodded. “I was. The ride here was much more pleasant this morning because of it. Thank you again.” “Would. . . would you like some more tea?” Kylo asked. “I can start boiling the water. I have more of what I gave you yesterday, or some mixed with dried mint. . . or apple and cinnamon.” “That—that sounds very nice,” Poe stammered. “The apple one, I mean. I like apples—well, I guess you knew that, I was eating one when you—” He stopped before he said “when you told me to leave town,” then decided not to say anything else at all. He must think I’m a fool, Poe lamented silently, rambling like this. He just makes me so nervous. . . . “All right,” Kylo said when Poe didn’t continue. As Kylo moved toward the kettle sitting near the fireplace, Poe watched him, wondering at his conciliatory behavior. He’s acting so differently today—is it really just because his mother wrote him about me? Poe wondered. He already knew my name and profession. What more could she have said? “With which test do you plan to begin?” Kylo asked Poe as he hung the kettle, which he’d filled with water from a small cistern near one wall, over the fire. “Oh. . . if it’s all right with you, I thought I’d start by searching your home for anything we need to conceal,” Poe suggested. “Maybe while the water’s heating? If. . . if you don’t mind showing me around.” “There isn’t much to show,” Kylo observed, one corner of his mouth lifting in a half-smile. “Just this room and my bedroom, in the back. You’re welcome to look for yourself.” “Right. Yes,” muttered Poe. “You don’t have to show me.” As he started looking over a small set of shelves at the rear of the room, Poe brooded, Now he really does think I’m a fool, and probably trying to insult the size of his home—when I don’t even have a home of my own. . . . Living here would be a luxury! Poe sighed and rested his fingertips on a shelf as he examined its contents. He was surprised to see a Bible there among a few dishes, a hammered metal bowl, and a little jug containing some dried flowers. He doesn’t go to meeting, but he has a Bible, Poe thought, and he knew the Lord’s Prayer so well. If he’s a heretic, he’s an unusual one. . . . Poe found no other books at all, none of the arcane palmistry references, horoscopes, or grimoires he had been taught to look for in the possession of suspected witches. Not that many accused witches ever did have books like that, but most accused witches weren’t as intelligent as Kylo. Or as strange, or as intriguing. Poe shook off the thought and turned back to Kylo. The taller man was still standing by the fireplace, watching Poe. Flustered, Poe muttered, “Where do you keep your supplies of food? The town fathers will probably want to see them—looking for spell ingredients, like I said. I’m assuming you’ll have an innocent explanation for all of this,” he added with a wave of his hand toward the ceiling and the plant matter Kylo was drying there. “Of course,” Kylo retorted. “I use them all for seasoning, teas, or food.” He reached up and flicked a bundle of dried purple flowers. “Except for this, lavender. The scent helps me sleep more deeply—and it eases headaches. I have them frequently.” Poe frowned. “They might be suspicious of that, something that affects sleep and pain.” “Suspicious of lavender ?” Kylo’s deep voice took on a sharp tone for the first time that morning, and he gestured at another bundle of what Poe had taken to be mint. “Should I hide the catnip too? They might accuse me of casting spells on my cat once they see the way he acts under its influence.” The glare he leveled at Poe wounded the hunter’s feelings, especially after how kind Kylo had been earlier. Poe turned away, cursing himself for being so emotional. “You needn’t get angry at me ,” he muttered as he looked at Kylo’s rough but solidly built table. It was empty save for the teapot and two cups, which had been set out before Poe arrived. “I’m only telling you what the others might say.” Kylo remained silent for a few seconds; then he sighed, “I know, Poe, I’m sorry. It’s only—this is so ridiculous. They will find what they want to find and believe what they want to believe. It shan’t matter what I tell them, only what you say. Because you are the one with the training and the knowledge .” He said the last word so disparagingly, it negated any relief his apology had brought Poe. Clearly, Kylo didn’t think Poe knew anything, anything at all. “You still haven’t told me where you keep your food stores,” Poe replied, as coldly as he could manage. “Please show me so we can get on with it.” Kylo frowned but went over to one corner of the room, where he crouched and hauled on a trapdoor Poe now noticed in the floor. I should have seen that before, Poe thought with some embarrassment. Maybe I really am a fool. “You’re welcome to go check for suspicious potatoes, but you’ll have to duck,” Kylo informed him, gesturing down into the crawlspace accessible beneath the floor. “The cellar is too shallow to stand up in. . . even for you.” Heat flooded Poe’s face at the reference to his height—or rather the lack thereof. He stalked over to the door and shot a glare up at Kylo, only to see the taller man watching him with a faint smile. Not that the smile was unexpected if Kylo were mocking Poe, but the tone of it was startling: the smile was fond, almost tender, as if Kylo found Poe’s shortness endearing. Poe lowered himself into the cellar; when he stood upright on the ground there, the floor of Kylo’s cottage was at about the height of Poe’s chest. Poe crouched down and peered into the darkness under the house. The cellar was indeed filled with potatoes, carrots, and other root vegetables, along with a few barrels and crates which Poe assumed held other food. Poe sighed and thought, I really should look in all of them, but. . . I already know I’m not going to find anything. He straightened up again and braced his hands on the rough floorboards to push himself up and scramble out of the cellar, but the floor was just high enough to keep him from getting any leverage. Poe glanced down for something to stand on so he could climb out, but he found nothing. “Do you need some help?” Kylo asked before Poe could figure out another way to get out of the cellar. “No!” Poe retorted. “I. . . I’m just. . . .” He glanced up at the other man, then just looked at Kylo in misery when he saw the broad smile on his face. Poe sighed once more and finished, “I do need help. I’m stuck.” Then Kylo laughed, and it sounded deep and beautiful. For the first time since they had met, Kylo actually sounded happy . Despite his humiliation, the sound made Poe feel happy too. At least I can cheer him up, Poe told himself, even if it’s only to laugh at me. Kylo dropped to his knees beside the trapdoor and bent over it, stretching his arms down toward Poe. “Here,” he said with a last soft chuckle. “Hold on to me. I’ll lift you out.” Poe’s face warmed all over again as he reached up and put his hands on Kylo’s upper arms. But then Kylo leaned forward even farther and wrapped his own arms around Poe’s chest, pulling them so close together that Poe was made to embrace him as well. Kylo’s scent enveloped him, the same comforting smell that Poe had noticed on his cloak. Kylo’s arms tightened around Poe, and he lifted the hunter up out of the cellar as if Poe weighed no more than a child. Poe landed on his knees at the edge of the trapdoor and had to lean into Kylo to keep from losing his balance and tumbling over backwards, right back in. For the brief moment that Kylo’s arms encircled him, Poe felt complete peace and security, as if nothing could ever harm him again. His head rested on the larger man’s shoulder, and Poe closed his eyes and pressed his mouth against the rough fabric of Kylo’s shirt. I never want him to let go, Poe thought even though he couldn’t understand why, or from where the thought had come. I want to stay with him forever. And Kylo just held him, as if he wanted it too. Poe felt the other man’s head resting against his own and heard the whisper of a sigh. Finally, Poe drew back, careful of the door, and got to his feet on trembling legs. He turned away without looking back down at Kylo and pretended to be examining the fireplace until he heard the thump of the cellar door closing behind him. I cannot feel this way, I cannot allow it! Poe scolded himself. He is a man. We could not be together even if—even if he wanted me, the way I want him. God forgive me, I want him. . . . He dropped his forehead against one of the smooth grey stones that made up the fireplace mantle. It had soaked up heat from the fire, and it radiated a gentle warmth onto Poe’s face. “Poe?” Kylo’s voice sounded hesitant yet full of concern. “Do you feel unwell?” “No,” Poe muttered as he straightened. “No, I’m fine.” “Are you sure?” Kylo persisted. “I was afraid you might have taken ill from riding without your cloak yesterday.” “I’m not ill, I’m certain.” Poe turned back to Kylo with a polite smile that felt forced. “I see nothing in this room that might cause alarm as long as you explain your uses for the herbs. Does that rear door lead to your bedroom?” Kylo studied Poe’s face before replying, “Yes.” He went to the door and opened it before motioning for Poe to go through first. The room was quite small, and almost all of it was filled with a bed, on which Kylo’s cat slept curled into a tight orange ball. A little window let it the daylight past filmy curtains, and the whole space felt homey and comfortable to Poe. “Your home is very nice,” he murmured to Kylo. The cat raised its head and stared at him. “Thank you.” Kylo stood just behind Poe, and the sound of his deep voice so close made Poe want to shiver. “You’re not going to search this room, though?” “There is little to search,” Poe pointed out, then added with a little laugh, “I suppose I could look under the bed.” He dropped to the floor and did so before declaring, “Nothing under there. . . not even any dust. You’re certainly the tidiest accused witch I’ve ever investigated.” “You know how fond witches are said to be of brooms.” Poe heard the smile in Kylo’s voice even before he looked up to see it. “I choose to sweep with mine, rather than ride it.” Poe got to his feet again and absently dropped a hand to the cat’s head to stroke it. The cat hunched downward for an instant, away from Poe’s fingers, but then it fitted its head back under his hand and allowed him to pet it. “There is nothing in here to concern even the most superstitious,” Poe told Kylo. “You’re finished searching?” Kylo’s question, and the curious look he gave Poe as he asked it, bewildered Poe. “Er, well. . . where else is there to search?” Poe stammered. Kylo regarded him another instant, then stepped to Poe’s left, to the wall opposite the bed. “I have one more place to show you,” he said. Poe turned to watch as Kylo spread his hands over a plank of the wooden wall, no different than any other. Kylo’s fingertips caught on the plank’s edge and suddenly dislodged it. The entire board came loose in his large hands. “Oh,” Poe gulped. He hadn’t noticed anything at all amiss, no crack in the tar between the boards, nothing to indicate that the wall concealed a. . . a what? A secret compartment? I must have overlooked it, Poe scolded himself. Some hunter I am. Kylo stepped back, still holding the board, and nodded toward the opening now visible in his wall. “Go look for yourself. That is where I placed anything I thought might. . . concern the town fathers.” Poe cast him a glance that wasn’t quite a glare—he couldn’t tell if Kylo were mocking him again or not—and went to peer into the wall. The hollow it concealed was filled with items, predominantly a stack of books. “So that’s where all your books went,” Poe muttered. The one on top appeared to be Latin, which Poe couldn’t read although he knew a little Spanish thanks to his late mother’s tutelage. He reached in to sort through the rest, most in Latin and one in Greek. Poe couldn’t read that language either, and its title—Νεκρονομικον—looked like pure gibberish to him. Besides the books, Kylo had hidden several small jars and bottles, a double-edged knife whose blade had been carved with intricate designs, and a lovely clear crystal that Poe thought might have been quartz. None of the items, not even the books, was remotely troubling to Poe, but he understood why Kylo had hid them: any one could have been judged dangerous by someone looking to condemn its owner. “It doesn’t seem that you need my help in preparing for a search of your home,” Poe pointed out as he stepped back from the wall. “Nothing in there is troublesome, however.” “You don’t read Greek or Latin, do you?” Kylo muttered with a smile that now, instead of being fond or amused, looked bitter. He pushed the board back into place, and Poe looked at the wall glumly, still cursing himself for not noticing the removable plank before. After all, the seam in the tar surrounding it was quite clearly visible now that Poe knew where to look. “No, I do not read Greek or Latin,” Poe retorted, “and I’m sorry to disappoint you. Apparently I lack some of the training and knowledge you thought I possessed.” Kylo sighed and spoke in a tight voice, “Poe, I did not mean any slight upon your education. No one else here reads those languages either, not since my uncle went away. He was the one who taught me. I only meant that you would be concerned if you could read those books. But if you do not know what they are, neither will the town fathers.” Poe glared at him, despite the dubious apology, and looked at the wall again. Strangely enough, he could no longer tell which board was the loose one. Poe looked for the seam in the tar but couldn’t find it. To hide his disconcertion, Poe muttered, “Why did you show me your hiding place at all? I wouldn’t have known it was there, and I’ll wager no one else will either.” Kylo’s answer stunned Poe: “I do not wish to have any secrets from you.” Poe turned back to the other man and stared up at him. “Why?” Poe asked, his voice hardly more than a whisper. Kylo regarded him a moment, then shook his head slowly, so that the waves of dark hair framing his face trembled. “Finish your tests first,” he said. He retreated into the main room of the cottage, leaving Poe bewildered and alone, except for the cat. Poe finally followed Kylo, whom he found removing the kettle from the fireplace. “What next?” the taller man muttered as he poured the hot water into his teapot. “Shall I recite the Bible for you? Or will you examine me first?” “The recitation will be simpler,” Poe said, “as long as you don’t plan to recite the entire Bible. Let’s get that out of the way first.” Kylo nodded and gestured for Poe to sit where he had the day before. After he had finished preparing the tea, Kylo brought a cup to Poe, then sat in the opposite chair with the other cup. “Is there a passage in particular that is best suited for witch trials?” asked Kylo. He blew on the surface of his tea before sipping at it. “The one which you know best and feel most comfortable with.” Poe rested his cup and saucer on his knee and looked at them instead of at Kylo. “The more confidence you exude, the more convincing your performance will be.” “My performance,” Kylo repeated. “You really don’t hold any faith in these tests, do you?” “Of course not.” Poe raised his eyes to the other man’s in exasperation. “I told you that. There is no such thing as an accurate test for a witch, because there’s no such thing as witches .” Kylo lifted his cup to his lips again and raised both dark brows. “Odd that you would say that.” “Why?” countered Poe. “Because I am a witch hunter?” “No,” said Kylo. “Because I am a witch.” Poe stared at him, then slumped back in his chair and brought his own cup up to slurp noisily at it. “Stop it,” he muttered. “Perhaps you don’t think the witch trials are a serious matter, but I can assure you, they are. They’re nothing to joke about.” Kylo’s steady gaze didn’t waver as he replied, “I know very well that they’re a serious matter, and I am not joking.” Poe’s patience was running out, and although Kylo’s manner wasn’t exactly flippant, Poe couldn’t escape the feeling that the other man was making fun of him somehow. “Speak your Bible passage,” ordered Poe, “and let’s get on with it.” “All right,” said Kylo. He took another sip from his cup, then set it down on the flagstones beside his chair. When he straightened up, he fixed his eyes on Poe’s. “Set me as a seal on thine heart, and as a signet upon thine arm,” Kylo murmured, “for love is as strong as death.” Poe stared at him, feeling heat creep up into his cheeks. He had been prepared for Kylo to recite the Scripture, but not for him to recite Solomon’s Song. Kylo went on in a deepening whisper, leaning forward, “Jealousy is cruel as the grave. The coals thereof are fiery coals and a vehement flame. Much water cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it.” When Kylo’s voice fell silent, Poe still could not look away from him. “Do you recognize that passage, witch hunter?” whispered Kylo. “O-of course. Solomon’s Song,” Poe muttered. He added, pointedly, “An allegory of Christ’s love for the Church, and hers for him.” Kylo’s full lips twitched in a half-smile. “That is the usual interpretation, yes, but can’t you appreciate it as beautiful poetry as well? As the expression of a lover’s devotion to his beloved?” Poe finally managed to avert his eyes as he responded, “I was not taught to read it that way.” “Of course not, and neither was I. When my elders forced me to memorize Bible verses as a child, I was forbidden from memorizing any of those verses.” Poe heard Kylo chuckle. “What a pity, as they are the most beautiful. ‘Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth,’” Kylo murmured, speaking the very first verse of the chapter, “‘for thy love is better than wine.’ I memorized some of them anyway. Did you?” Poe had, but not out of appreciation for the verses’ beauty, nor out of rebellion against his elders. Instead, he had always read Solomon’s Song with a sort of wistfulness for the love it expressed—as Kylo had said, the love between two human beings and not the allegorical love of Christ, as sacrilegious as it made Poe feel. The verses Poe liked best were those which made him hope that perhaps someone could love him that way, someday. . . those which forged a connection between him and the king’s beloved. “I am dark, O daughters of Jerusalem,” Poe whispered, hardly aware that he spoke aloud, “but comely, as the tents of Kedar, and as the curtains of Solomon. Regard ye me not because I am dark, for the sun hath looked upon me. The sons of my mother were angry against me. They made me the keeper of the vines. . . but I kept not my own vine.” “My love, behold, thou art fair.” The sound of Kylo’s deep voice made Poe start out of his reverie, and his eyes darted, hunted, to the other man’s pale face. Kylo was still leaning forward, close to him, with his own black eyes fixed on Poe. “Behold, thou art fair. Thine eyes are like the doves,” said Kylo, and Poe’s face burned. “My well-beloved, behold, thou art fair and pleasant. Also, our bed—” “Stop,” Poe interrupted him in a hiss. “That’s enough.” Poe tore his gaze away and brought his teacup to his lips. It shook in his hand. Mercifully, Kylo fell silent. Poe wondered if the other man had chosen those passages specifically to embarrass him, but he wasn’t truly embarrassed; Poe only felt lonely and miserable. Hearing Kylo’s beautiful voice speaking such words of love. . . As if he were really speaking them to me, Poe thought. And now I have to look at him, at his body, and touch him. Perhaps God truly has sent me here to test me—or to punish me by showing me what I most desire and can never have. -- To be continued Chapter 6 When Poe commanded him to be silent, Kylo knew that the hunter felt at least some of what he did; otherwise, the verses Kylo spoke wouldn’t have so affected him. Poe’s hand trembled as he brought his teacup to his mouth, and Kylo felt as if his own heart were trembling in response. Poe was not suffering from mere embarrassment, Kylo thought—no, his dark eyes had held a longing Kylo recognized when the witch whispered, “My love, behold, thou art fair.” But Kylo said no more, and he waited until Poe had composed himself and raised his dark eyes to Kylo’s once more. “Are you ready for me to examine you so we can finish this?” Poe muttered, as if forcing the words out. Kylo nodded and drained the last of the tea from his cup, then set it on the floor beneath his chair. “Tell me what to do,” he said. “Do you wish me to undress?” He didn’t choose the words deliberately, but Poe’s face darkened in a blush. “Not all at once,” he mumbled. He slurped down the rest of his tea as well and put his cup aside. “I wouldn’t want you to catch cold.” Of course, there was no danger of that happening beside the warm fire, but Kylo just nodded again when Poe went on, “Please remove your shirt for now. Then you can put it back on before. . . removing anything else.” Kylo kept his eyes fixed on Poe as he untied the laces holding his shirt closed at his throat. Poe stared at the floor, hands folded in his lap, and Kylo finally looked away as he lifted the shirt’s hem over his head and stripped the garment off. “All right, you may begin,” Kylo said. When Poe stood, Kylo raised his eyes to the hunter again. Poe stepped in front of him and looked down at his quarry. “I’ll start with your face.” Poe’s voice was hardly more than a whisper, and his hands felt clammy when he laid them against Kylo’s jaws, as he had the day before. Kylo’s own voice sounded hoarse as he asked, “Where is your needle? Don’t you have to test my sensitivity, witch hunter?” Only after he spoke did he realize that the question might come across as resentful, or as a taunt. Poe’s heavy eyebrows lowered in a near glare, but then he sighed. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he said, “so I’ll only use my fingers. When we perform the tests for an audience, I may have to use a needle in a very few places, but there’s no need for it now.” Kylo saw Poe’s throat shift as he swallowed; then the hunter slid the fingertips of his right hand up to a spot beside Kylo’s nose. “Can you feel that?” Now Poe really was whispering, and Kylo matched the timbre of his voice when he replied. “Yes.” “And this?” Poe’s fingers moved a scant inch to brush another mark. “Yes.” “I’m sorry for what I said yesterday,” Poe blurted out, “about your face. I didn’t mean to offend you or to imply that. . . that you. . . .” “No, it’s all right.” Kylo dropped his eyes without moving his head in Poe’s hands. “I know, I have many blemishes.” “No,” said Poe. He slid his fingers back down Kylo’s cheek to cup them beneath his chin, then stroked his thumb back to two spots in front of the larger man’s left ear. “Can you feel that?” “Yes.” “They aren’t blemishes,” Poe murmured. “You’re beautiful.” Kylo’s breath hissed between his parted lips as he drew it in with surprise. He jerked his eyes back up to Poe’s face, but Poe was still looking at where his thumb rested. Then Poe’s eyes flicked back to Kylo’s with a frightened expression. “I’m sorry,” he said again, nearly gasping. “I-I didn’t mean—only. . . .” Poe closed his eyes and took a long breath himself. “It’s all right,” Kylo said. He hesitated a moment, wondering how much he should reveal, but ultimately he decided they couldn’t keep dancing around one another forever. I’ll go mad if I have to keep denying what he does to me, Kylo thought. Aloud, he went on, “You are beautiful as well.” Poe’s eyes flew open and he stared down at Kylo, his fingers clenching under the larger man’s jaw. “Kylo,” Poe whispered. He bit his lower lip in a way that made Kylo ache inside, then muttered, “Don’t say such things. I shouldn’t have either, it isn’t right.” “Why not?” Kylo challenged, but Poe shook his head so firmly that Kylo fell silent, afraid to push him any further. “Can you feel this?” Poe asked in a strained voice. He touched his left thumb to more spots near the right side of Kylo’s nose. “Yes,” said Kylo. Poe dropped his hands to Kylo’s neck and brushed every mark there, trailing his fingers over the larger man’s skin until Kylo shivered and broke out in goosebumps. He felt each touch. “I’m going to look at your back now,” Poe said. He moved out of Kylo’s sight, and the witch relaxed a bit. . . only to jump when Poe laid a warm hand against his right shoulder blade. “I’m sorry,” Poe muttered, and Kylo gave a faint groan. “Please, stop apologizing for everything, Poe. You’ve done nothing wrong, and you’re being far gentler than you would have to be.” Poe kept quiet a few seconds, then said in a calmer voice, “I’m going to slide my fingertips over your back—it will be quicker than touching each spot and asking you if you can feel it. Just tell me when you stop feeling my touch.” “All right,” Kylo agreed. He felt Poe’s fingers begin to move, tracing what felt like sigils and arcane symbols over the skin of his back, along his prominent vertebrae, across his shoulders. Goosebumps raised again all over Kylo’s body, and his heart raced. Then, abruptly, there was nothing. “There,” he whispered. “I don’t feel—” He broke off when he heard Poe give a shaky laugh. “Because I took my hands off. I wanted to be sure you weren’t just not telling me.” “Hmph, you don’t trust me?” Kylo snorted, almost playfully, and Poe laughed again. “I’m beginning to,” he chuckled. “But this is a tricky business. I have to be certain you aren’t deceiving me.” “I suppose you do,” sighed Kylo with a smile of his own. He felt Poe’s hand rest on his shoulder, not searching or testing but just touching; then Poe withdrew it and moved around to stand before him. “Now for your chest,” Poe murmured. Kylo saw him swallow again; then Poe placed a hand on Kylo’s sternum. Kylo looked down to observe Poe’s small, brown hand against his own white skin. Poe spread his fingers, slightly to Kylo’s left, then gave a soft sigh. “I can feel your heartbeat,” he said. It beats for you, my love, Kylo thought, only for you. He almost spoke the words aloud but stopped himself just in time. It would be too much for him, too soon. “Even witches have hearts,” Kylo commented instead. Poe’s sigh became a half groan. He muttered, “Stop teasing me. Now, I’m going to do the same thing here—just tell me if you stop feeling my touch.” Poe’s second hand joined the first on Kylo’s chest; then he began to move both. Kylo could easily feel the cracked, calloused skin of Poe’s fingers on his body, and he kept his eyes on the other man’s face. Poe’s own eyes remained fixed on Kylo’s chest as he worked. When Poe’s fingers neared his waist, Kylo tensed his abdominal muscles involuntarily. Poe drew in a sharp breath as his rough touch moved over the ridges of Kylo’s muscles, and in turn, Kylo shuddered. To his horror, Kylo realized he was becoming aroused from the sensation of Poe’s hands on him, and his discomfort only increased when Poe quickly shifted his hands back to Kylo’s chest, where they brushed his nipples. Kylo fought back a gasp, but his nipples stiffened instantly, and Poe felt them do so judging from the way his eyes widened and his cheeks flushed. “I’m—” Poe began, but he cut himself off before he got to “sorry.” He sucked his lower lip in between his teeth and bit it. Deciding that humor might be the best way to defuse the hunter’s tension, Kylo raised his eyebrows and commented, “I’m hardly insensitive there, but thank you for checking to be sure.” Poe blinked then dissolved into laughter. “Believe it or not,” Poe said between chuckles, “another sign of a witch is extra, um, nipples.” He was blushing but grinning at the same time, and he seemed more relaxed. “Another reason I have to check for marks on your body.” Kylo had known that already, being well-versed in witch testing. He also knew that some perfectly ordinary human beings had such a medical condition, but pointing that out to Poe would probably just put the hunter back on edge. “As far as I know, I only have the usual two,” Kylo replied, “but you’re welcome to look for any I’ve missed.” Poe laughed again, and his dark eyes sparkled in a way that made Kylo’s heart glad, for it was a sign that the hunter was finally enjoying his company, silly as the topic of discussion was. “Maybe I should count,” snickered Poe. He said, “One, two,” as he drew his thumbs over Kylo’s nipples. The gesture was playful, but Poe’s touch sent a jolt of pleasure straight from Kylo’s chest to his groin, and he literally bit his tongue to hold back a moan. Poe seemed innocently unaware of Kylo’s sensitivity to his touch, and he ran his fingertips along the lower edge of Kylo’s prominent pectoral muscles as if searching for anything unusual there. “No, I don’t feel any more than that,” he laughed. “Th-that’s good,” Kylo managed to get out. His nipples were still stiff and almost aching for Poe’s fingers to return to them, and he had become aroused to the point of erection, all without Poe knowing it. He can’t know it, not yet, Kylo told himself as he took deep breaths in an effort to calm down. It’s almost shameful how much I want him, and he’s only just now relaxing around me. I can’t frighten him away now. Poe made it difficult for Kylo to hide his desires, though. He pushed his fingertips in a little, feeling the firm muscles in Kylo’s chest, then shifted his hands to the witch’s biceps and squeezed them. “You’re very muscular,” Poe observed. “More so than I expected.” “What did you expect?” Kylo muttered. The sexual tension he felt made his voice sound harsh, and a crease of concern appeared between Poe’s brows. He withdrew his hands and took a step backward. Poe murmured, “I don’t know, it’s just that you seem so intellectual.” “I can be intellectual and muscular at the same time,” replied Kylo. He averted his eyes from Poe and willed his erection to subside. “Since I live alone away from town, I have to do all the work here myself. Chopping wood and drawing water builds muscle.” “Here.” Poe sounded distinctly unhappy as he bent to pick Kylo’s shirt up from the floor, then handed it to the larger man. “I am finished with your upper body, so you can put this back on before you remove your pants.” Kylo pulled his shirt on over his head as he fished for an excuse to avoid the inevitable pants-removal a few moments more, until he was certain he was no longer aroused. As he tied the shirt at his throat and smoothed down his hair, he remembered the roughness of Poe’s hands on his skin and hit upon a delaying tactic. He turned back to Poe and said, “Let me see your hands.” Poe gave him a concerned look, that worried wrinkle still upon his brow; then he held out his hands to Kylo, palms up. Kylo grasped Poe’s wrists and looked down at his fingers and palms. Poe’s skin was calloused, dry, and even cracked in some places. “Your hands are very rough,” Kylo murmured. “I could feel them scratching me when you touched me.” Poe made a soft “mmn” noise and tried to pull his hands back, but Kylo held his wrists fast. “What do you want me to say, if I’m not allowed to say ‘I’m sorry’?” Poe grumbled. “My gloves fell apart last winter, and I haven’t been able to afford new ones yet. Would you prefer I use a needle after all?” “No.” Kylo lifted his eyes to Poe’s; the hunter was glaring at him now with a gaze both embarrassed and hurt. Kylo sighed and let go of Poe, who immediately clasped his hands together at his waist, so Kylo couldn’t see the callouses anymore. “Poe, I—” Kylo broke off, looked away, swallowed, looked back. “I didn’t mean to offend you. Just as I know you haven’t meant to offend me. We’re both very blunt men, I suppose. At least, my mother was forever telling me to think before I spoke. I wasn’t criticizing your beautiful hands, I promise.” Poe’s expression had started to shift to one of cautious openness, but at the word “beautiful,” his cheeks flared with dusky color. Kylo pressed on, “Please know that whatever I say to you, I don’t intend to hurt you. And I promise I won’t be angry at anything you say to me. All right?” Poe nodded and whispered, “All right,” even as he wrung his small hands together. “I have some lotion I can put on your hands to soften them, before you finish examining me,” Kylo went on. At first, that had been his delaying tactic, but after seeing the condition of Poe’s skin, he wanted to medicate it for Poe’s sake and not his own. “I’m sure those fissures in your skin hurt you, and this will help heal them.” “All right,” Poe said again. He lowered his head as Kylo got up and went to his bedroom, back to the hidden space behind the wall. Kylo had cast a spell on the board concealing it, so that the opening would be invisible to anyone else, but clear to him. He pried the board loose and took out a jar of the cream he thought would ease Poe’s discomfort. When he returned to the fireplace, Kylo commented, “I hid this along with my books, since I know suspicious ointments are common witch paraphernalia. But I assure you, it’s nothing more than a mixture of beeswax and some oils—including lavender, for the scent.” “It does smell good,” Poe admitted when Kylo uncorked the jar. “Did you make it?” “Yes.” Kylo gestured toward the chairs before the fireplace. “Please, sit down, and put your hands out again.” As Poe obeyed, Kylo sat in the chair opposite him and drew it closer, so that their knees touched and he wouldn’t have to stretch to reach Poe’s hands. Poe laid them on his own knees, palms up again, and looked aside as if ashamed of them. Kylo dipped his fingertips into the jar and kept talking in the hopes that it would put Poe at ease. “You can keep the rest of the lotion if you want,” he said as he smeared some on Poe’s right palm then began to rub it in with his fingers. “Rub it into your hands, and anywhere else you wish, before you go to bed each night. You can also do so in the morning if you don’t mind smelling like lavender during the day. I love the scent myself, but some people might consider it to be feminine.” “Yes, I should probably only use it at night,” Poe muttered. He finally looked down at his hand again, just as Kylo scooped up a bit more lotion and took Poe’s hand in both of his. The hunter’s hand felt warm but also small and almost fragile clasped in Kylo’s long fingers, and the thought of Poe’s damaged skin, and how it must sting and burn, pained him. “You need gloves too,” murmured Kylo. He rubbed his fingertips over the heel of Poe’s palm, then slid one of his fingers in between each of Poe’s. “I’ll let you wear mine when you depart today, but I know they’re too big for you. Go ask my mother for some when you get back to town—if you’re embarrassed to ask for something from her, you can blame it on me and tell her I want them for some reason. I think she still has some of my uncle’s, and they should fit you.” When Poe didn’t reply, Kylo paused his ministrations and looked up. Poe’s gaze was fixed on him, the blush evident again on his face. “I. . . thank you,” Poe finally got out. “But why? Why are you being so kind to me?” Because I love you, Kylo thought. Because my heart breaks to think of you in pain, because I want to take care of you. He tore his eyes away from Poe’s and set the hunter’s hand gently back upon his knee. Kylo told him, “You said you didn’t want to hurt me, and I don’t want you to hurt either. The world is a cruel place— people are cruel. I’m sure you know that.” “Yes,” said Poe. “I know it very well.” Then, suddenly, Poe put his untreated hand into Kylo’s and clasped it. “But you are not cruel, not at all. I thought you so, at first, but now. . . there’s something you try to hide, isn’t there? You were hurt once too, so now you pretend to be a cruel man in order to protect yourself. Yet inside, you’re kind. You’re good.” Kylo stared at their intertwined hands, amazed at Poe’s perception. Is he really only guessing? Kylo wondered. Or does he remember, somewhere deep down inside, that he’s always known me? “You are right, but that isn’t what I try to hide,” Kylo whispered. As he spoke, he took more lotion onto his fingers and began to massage it into the hand Poe had placed in his. “Anyone in town can tell you what happened, what they say I did. And why I left. But you are right, if I push everyone away I can protect myself.” “Is that why you told me I wasn’t welcome here?” Poe asked him. “Because you were trying to protect yourself?” “In part, perhaps.” Kylo fell silent as he trailed his fingertips over the love-line on Poe’s palm, wondering how much he should reveal. The line was prominent, strong. Kylo’s finger left it and began to work the lotion in between Poe’s shorter fingers. “And then when your mother assured you that I wasn’t here to hurt you. . . you became kind to me, instead,” Poe concluded. “Kylo I—I have to be honest, I did ask them in town about you, and they told me what—what happened. About your friend, the boy who disappeared, and how they said you murdered him.” A sick feeling settled into Kylo’s chest at the words, but he wasn’t surprised. “I expected that someone would tell you, sooner or later,” he muttered. “You know I don’t believe you harmed him, don’t you?” Poe’s voice sounded urgent, and when Kylo risked a glance up into his eyes, they looked concerned that Kylo might think Poe believed the rumors. “I know,” Kylo whispered. “You wouldn’t be here alone with me if you thought me a murderer.” “I understand why you left town after that, too,” Poe whispered back. “But what I don’t understand is why—why did you return here, a year ago? When I—when I left the town where I was born, when they drove me away, I never went back, never . Why did you?” “I’m not certain,” said Kylo, truthfully. “I suppose I could have gone somewhere else, where no one knew me. . . or I could have gone to where my uncle now lives, or to where my mother’s parents are. But I had always lived here, before, so when I rebelled against the coven, I came back here.” He paused as something occurred to him for the first time. “Maybe. . . maybe I was drawn back here so you could find me.” But Poe didn’t even hear the last sentence; his pretty mouth was working speechlessly before he finally got the words out. “The—the coven ?” The look of shock on his face was so comical, Kylo had to work not to smile at Poe’s distress. The hunter stammered, “Th-that old man at the tavern, he said you went to join a ‘coven in the woods,’ but. . . .” “I keep telling you that I truly am a witch,” Kylo pointed out, and he could no longer hold back his smile as Poe’s eyes widened even further. As soon as he saw the smile, Poe’s surprise changed to a scowl and he tried to snatch his hand from Kylo’s grasp. When Kylo clutched it and refused to let it go, Poe actually pouted, thrusting his lower lip outward in a way that made him look exceedingly kissable. “Stop saying that,” Poe growled. “Stop mocking me.” “I am not mocking you,” Kylo insisted. When Poe turned his face away, Kylo reached out and grasped his chin, forcing the hunter’s eyes back to him. Kylo whispered, “Look at me, Poe. Believe me. I am a witch, truly. I left here a decade ago to join the coven at the heart of the forest, then a year ago, I left it again. I had come to disagree too strongly with its leader for me to stay.” “No,” Poe protested, shaking his head even in Kylo’s clasp. “There is no such thing as witches.” “You said you trusted me,” Kylo groaned as frustration rose in his voice, “and I told you I wanted to have no secrets from you. Why would I lie to you, why would I make up such a thing?” It was in fact the one secret Kylo had always kept from Poe, even in the dreams they’d shared. Once Poe became a witch hunter, once Kylo knew why he’d become a witch hunter, Kylo had been too afraid to tell his only friend what he really was. Only when Poe had appeared there in town, in the flesh instead of in a dream, did Kylo vow to reveal that he was a witch. He had never imagined that Poe would refuse to believe him. “I. . . I don’t know,” sighed Poe. He had quit trying to pull away, and his eyes searched Kylo’s face. “I—I do trust you. But I can’t believe such a thing is possible! For so long, I’ve known that witchcraft is only a superstition, something people blame for what they can’t understand, or an excuse when they want—when they want to get rid of a person. And in all the years I’ve been a hunter, all the accused witches I’ve met—I’ve never found a real witch!” “Perhaps,” murmured Kylo, “the real witches wanted to keep their secret from you. I agree with you that the tests are useless—but I say so because any witch can pass them. I’ve passed them all so far, haven’t I? Doubtless many of the accused you tested were only normal humans, but I also do not doubt that at least a few were witches. That is how my mother learned of you, I’m sure, and why she sent for you in particular.” “What do you mean, that’s how she learned of me?” “Her father is a witch,” Kylo told him, “and so is her brother, my uncle. She is not, although she does possess some magical perceptions that ordinary people don’t. My mother has remained in communication with other witches known to our family, and probably one of them told her about you.” “I don’t believe this.” Poe’s voice was no more than a hoarse whisper, and he closed his eyes tight as he gasped, “I don’t believe it, I won’t!” “What would you have me do to prove it?” Kylo demanded. “Cast a spell?” Poe gave a sharp laugh, nothing like his earlier joyful laughter, and opened his eyes again. “Yes, go ahead, cast a spell!” “You’ve already seen one of my spells at work,” Kylo told him. “The hiding place in my bedroom—you couldn’t see the break in the wall before I moved the board, could you? And then after I replaced it, the break disappeared again.” He knew from Poe’s startled reaction that he was correct, but Poe still shook his head again, stubbornly. In his growing irritation, Kylo was tempted to cast something like a dramatic levitation spell, anything that would convince Poe of his honesty. But no, I can’t do anything that might frighten him away, Kylo despaired. I can’t risk losing him now, just because I’m impatient with him. Finally, he realized, I have to tell him the rest, it’s the only way. “Poe,” he said as gently as he could manage. He covered both of Poe’s hands with both of his and drew them together. “Perhaps you will believe this . Witches are said to have the ability to scry, correct?” “Yes,” Poe admitted. “I suppose you’re going to tell me you can scry.” “I can,” said Kylo, “and for as long as I’ve been able to scry, I have seen you in my visions.” Poe’s jaw literally dropped before he choked out, “ Me? ” “Yes, and even before I learned to scry, I was seeing you in my dreams.” Poe only stared at him, now unable to speak, and Kylo clutched his hands tighter in a plea for the hunter to believe him. “We have known each other for nearly our entire lives, in dreams. I know you can’t remember them, because after all, you are not a witch. But we were children together, we grew up together. We. . . became men together.” He didn’t dare to reveal more than that, to tell Poe just what he meant by “becoming men.” Poe was already floundering; that much was obvious from his almost frightened expression. “No, I can’t. . . can’t believe. . . ,” he whispered. “Didn’t you feel anything familiar about me, when we met?” Kylo asked. “Didn’t you feel that we already knew each other? I know you, Poe, I know all about you. And I care deeply for you. When you came here, I was afraid because of what you are, and what I am. I was afraid I’d have to fight you for my life, and so I tried to drive you away. But when my mother told me that you had never condemned a witch, that you had acquitted all the accused you’d tested, I knew I would be safe with you.” He paused, judging Poe’s reaction. The hunter said nothing. His eyes had fallen to their hands, still tangled together, but when Kylo’s voice fell silent, Poe met his gaze again. “Please. . . .” Kylo didn’t know for what Poe pled, but then the hunter went on, “Please, stop. Don’t say any more. I already. . . I already feel. . . .” He bit his lip, and Kylo’s blood coursed faster through his veins. What? he wanted to ask. What do you already feel? Do you already want me? Do you already love me? “I’m sorry, but I have to say this. I have to make you believe me,” whispered Kylo. “Poe, I know why you became a witch hunter. When you were eight years old, your mother was tried as a witch. She was bound and flung into a lake, under the pretense that if she were a witch, the water would refuse to accept her body, and she would float. She sank, and although this proved to her accusers that she was no witch, she drowned before they pulled her out.” Poe’s dark eyes were wide again, now with a mixture of horror and pain. The firelight reflected on the tears that filled them and puddled along their lower lids; then Poe blinked, and the tears spilled down his cheeks. “Your mother told you that,” he rasped in a choked voice. “Somehow, someone knew, and they told her, and she told you.” “No,” Kylo insisted. “ You told me. You told me when we were children, the night after it happened, when you had sobbed until you were so exhausted you fell asleep. I found you in our dreams, still crying in your sleep, and I held you while you told me, and when you had finished, I swore to myself that I would never let anyone hurt you again. I’m sorry I couldn’t keep that promise, Poe.” “I don’t remember.” Poe’s voice was still choked, husky with tears. “I never told anyone. They drove us out of town, my father and I, and I never told anyone . And I never—I never dreamed about you . I would have remembered!” “You did tell me,” Kylo insisted as gently as he could. “And you told me eight years later when you passed your tests to become a witch hunter, and it broke my heart because I thought that one day you might hunt me . Because it meant I had to keep a secret from you, my dearest friend. But now, now I thank the Lord that you did become a hunter, because it has brought you to me in real life, not just in my dreams.” He brought Poe’s hands up and pressed them against his mouth, closing his eyes and breathing in the scent of lavender that clung to them from the lotion he’d applied. They trembled in his grasp. “You became a witch hunter to save the accused,” Kylo whispered, “to save the innocent, like your mother. By acquitting them, using the accusers’ own damned tests, you would save them. But you’ve surely saved real witches too, unknowingly. And you’ve saved me.” Poe was silent for so long that Kylo finally opened his eyes and raised them. The hunter watched him, still weeping without effort or sound. “Please, Poe, don’t cry,” murmured Kylo. He let Poe’s hands go to reach out and wipe the tears from his face. “I’m sorry I made you cry by reminding you of her.” Poe allowed Kylo to rub away his tears, but then he stood up and turned his face away. “I haven’t saved you yet,” he muttered. “I still have to finish examining you, then I’ll go back to town and arrange for the elders to come witness the tests.” Kylo felt disappointment flooding him when he realized that Poe was still refusing to believe him—refusing, in fact, to even consider the matter further. Nevertheless, he knew he must be patient with the hunter of whom he was asking so much. “All right,” Kylo said in an even tone. “I must undress below the waist?” At least I’m no longer aroused, he thought ruefully. “Yes.” Poe’s cheeks flushed once more as he looked at Kylo again. “Just, um. . . just stand and lower your pants to your knees at first. I’ll—I’ll examine you there, then you can sit and cover your lap for me to look at your legs.” The hunter’s obvious embarrassment was so endearing, it amused Kylo and lightened his mood. He also had to admit to some relief that he wouldn’t be bared for all of Poe’s examination; he was still self-conscious about being exposed, as well as concerned that the hunter’s touch would excite him again. Kylo stood and unfastened his pants, lowering them to his knees as requested. The hem of his shirt afforded him some modesty for the time being. Poe’s eyes dropped to look at Kylo’s white thighs, and the hunter swallowed hard before he moved to stand in front of Kylo. “I’ll hurry,” Poe mumbled. He dropped to his knees, and the sight of him kneeling there before Kylo made the larger man’s blood rush directly to his groin. No, no, no, Kylo cursed himself. He closed his eyes and tried to think of anything but Poe: the weather, whether he’d dried enough corn for the squirrels’ winter food, the firewood that still needed chopping, anything but Poe Dameron on his knees, lifting the hem of his shirt, drawing in a quick breath when he saw— “You’ll have to hold up your shirt,” Poe muttered. “I need to use both hands.” Kylo opened his eyes despite his certainty that it was better if he didn’t look. He grasped the bottom of his shirt and held it up and watched Poe looking at his penis. Poe glanced up, saw that Kylo saw him, and flushed even darker. “You’re very well-endowed,” mumbled the witch hunter. “But I suppose you knew that. And as far as I know, that’s not a sign of being a witch.” Kylo managed a shaky laugh, and Poe smiled, perhaps relaxing the tiniest bit. He put both hands on Kylo, fingertips at the base of his shaft, and that was all it took for Kylo to begin coming erect once more. “I’m sorry,” he sighed, giving up on resisting the inevitable. “It’s just that no one else has. . . has ever touched me there.” Poe blinked, and his smile widened a little as he glanced up again. “Truly? You’ve never had a lover?” “Never,” said Kylo, amending silently, Except for you, and only in my dreams. But if I told you that now, you’d run away, wouldn’t you? “Neither have I,” Poe whispered. Then, as if he hadn’t meant to say it, he looked down again and resumed his examination, stroking downward lightly with his fingertips. “I suppose you can feel that—well. Yes. I can tell that you can.” He laughed too, more naturally, and said, “Please don’t be ashamed. It is a very natural reaction to being touched, and anyhow, I don’t see anything. . . erm, amiss.” “That is good to know,” Kylo returned, fighting back a sigh of disappointment when Poe let go of his partial erection. But then Poe reached between his legs to cup his scrotum, and Kylo had to fight back a groan of pleasure instead. “No marks there either,” observed Poe. He let go and drew back, then stood and moved behind Kylo. “I’m almost finished,” he remarked, just before Kylo felt his hands—now soft from the lotion—brushing his buttocks. “Can you feel this?” Poe asked as he rubbed a fingertip across the swell of one. “Yes,” Kylo hissed. He was almost completely erect again, and it was both a relief and a disappointment when Poe announced that he could sit down, remove his shoes and pants, and cover his lap. He did all three while Poe looked away. “I am ready,” Kylo said when he was seated with his pants draped over his lap, concealing his arousal. Poe turned back to him and crouched in front of the chair. He took one of Kylo’s large, pale feet in his hands and stroked the top of it, touching a mark there. “Do you feel that?” “Yes.” Poe lifted the foot and looked beneath it, then announced, “Nothing on the sole. Fortunately. . . it might tickle if I touched you there.” “I am not ticklish,” Kylo informed him. “No?” A truly devilish look passed over Poe’s handsome face, and he suddenly put his fingers beneath Kylo’s foot and tickled the arch. Kylo smiled, but only at Poe’s antics. “No,” he said. “When are you going to believe what I tell you?” “Hmph, everyone is ticklish somewhere ,” Poe declared. He set Kylo’s foot down and took up the other. “I’ll find your weakness eventually.” “I’m sure you will,” murmured Kylo with enough import that Poe’s mischievous smile faded. He examined the other foot without speaking, then placed his hands on Kylo’s ankle. “Tell me if you cease to feel my touch,” Poe said. Kylo felt the hunter’s softened fingertips drift over his shin and calf, upward to his knee, and he murmured, “I felt your touch always.” Poe checked the other leg in the same manner before nudging Kylo’s knees apart and moving between them. Kylo’s heart thudded in his chest, and his groin throbbed. “Only your thighs left,” Poe said. He slid a hand under Kylo’s right knee and lifted it to look at the back of the thigh. He touched a spot there, which Kylo could feel, then lowered that thigh and checked the other one. Finding nothing, he put his hands on Kylo’s inner thighs and pushed slightly to spread them. Kylo had come fully erect under the cover of his pants spread across his lap, but Poe appeared ignorant of that fact. He brushed his hands over Kylo’s pale flesh, then drew back. “I’m finished,” muttered Poe. He cast one last look up at Kylo’s face before he stood and turned away. “You can get dressed again, then I’ll take my leave of you.” Kylo put his pants back on, followed by his shoes, as he wished for some excuse to make Poe stay. He could think of nothing, however, and when he was dressed, he got up and went to the door leading into his bedroom. “I will get my gloves for you,” he said over his shoulder. “You can return them to me when you come to conduct your tests for the town fathers.” “Will you be all right without them?” Poe called after him. “Yes, I shan’t need to be outside much,” Kylo lied. He had wood to chop, after all, but he would rather his own hands go bare than Poe’s. “I’m taking the lotion too, if that’s still all right,” Poe added. “It does make my hands feel much better, so I am grateful.” “You’re welcome to it. I can always make more.” Kylo returned with the gloves and found Poe waiting beside the door, already wearing his cloak. Kylo stopped and looked at the hunter with a longing Poe must have read on his face. “Why do you look at me so?” Poe asked in a hoarse voice. “So sorrowfully.” “I do not want you to go,” Kylo replied. He went over to Poe and held out the gloves, which the smaller man took. “Yesterday you couldn’t get me out the door fast enough,” Poe pointed out with a strained smile. “And now you wish for me to stay?” “Yes,” Kylo murmured. “Poe. . . .” He reached out and touched his fingertips to the side of Poe’s face. The hunter flushed but at the same time parted his lips; then his eyes closed, and he tilted his hand into Kylo’s touch. “Please, don’t,” Poe whispered even as he brought his empty hand up to cover Kylo’s. “Don’t touch me, don’t speak to me this way. I can’t bear it.” “Don’t, Poe?” Kylo took a step closer to him, until he was almost close enough to brush the hunter’s face with his lips. “Do you mean that?” “Y-yes, I. . . Kylo. . . .” Poe gave a soft groan and opened his eyes to stare up into Kylo’s. “Oh, but I don’t mean it, I don’t want to go either. But I must, for if I stay, I’ll only—I’ll only want you more!” “Poe,” Kylo breathed. He stroked Poe’s cheekbone with his thumb. “It is all right, I want you as well.” Poe’s brow creased again, and he protested, “It is not ‘all right’! It is sinful and—and humiliating. When I was examining you, I wanted you so, I could hardly stand it.” “I tell you, it’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Kylo assured him. He put his other hand to Poe’s face and tilted the hunter’s head back to look into his eyes. “And it is not a sin.” “Yes, yes it is ,” Poe nearly groaned. “If you know the Bible as well as you seem to, you’ll know that as well. The sin of Sodom—” “Sodom,” Kylo said, “was destroyed because of the evil in its inhabitants’ hearts—the desire of its men to rape the guests they should have honored. Not because of love, men who loved other men.” Poe stared up at him, apparently never having considered the incident from that angle before, but then shook his head. “But it condemns. . . .” He trailed off and only looked up at Kylo miserably. Kylo whispered, “Does it condemn the love between David and Jonathan, who kissed and wept when they were parted? Or Daniel, whom God brought into ‘tender love’ with Ashpenaz? Did Christ condemn the centurion who loved his slave?” Poe did not speak, but the anguish in his eyes softened. Kylo held his face and leaned closer, as mesmerized by Poe’s dark eyes as Poe was by Kylo’s. “The Lord said to Jeremiah, ‘Before I formed thee in the womb, I knew thee, and before thou camest out of the womb, I sanctified thee,’” Kylo told him. “And in the same way, He knew us and formed us, just as we are. If it were a sin for us to desire one another, would He have made us this way? Surely you cannot believe that God would be so cruel.” Poe still looked up at him, and for the first time since they’d met in the waking world, Kylo saw hope in his gaze. “No,” Poe whispered, “He couldn’t have formed us this way only to damn us for feeling. . . for feeling desire. Not the desire of Sodom—I wouldn’t want to hurt you for the world. I only want. . . .” He did not finish, and Kylo wondered what he left unsaid. Do you want to stay with me forever? he asked Poe silently. Do you want to love me? His eyes fell to Poe’s mouth, the parted, peach-colored lips that were so perfectly formed. “Poe,” Kylo asked hoarsely, “please, may I—may I kiss you?” Despite the doubts he had voiced, Poe’s eyes lit up, and his answer came in a breathless whisper. “Yes— please .” Kylo bent his head and closed his eyes, then touched his mouth to Poe’s. He felt Poe draw in a breath then purse his own lips. Poe kissed him like that, closed-mouthed and sweetly like a child; then to Kylo’s surprise, Poe parted his lips and drew his tongue over Kylo’s mouth. Kylo opened it in response and flicked his own tongue out to meet Poe’s. When they touched, a soft noise came from deep in Poe’s throat. Kylo surprised himself with his answering groan; but Poe’s mouth felt so perfect, so right against his, Kylo couldn’t contain the noise of desire. He clutched Poe’s head in his hands, then felt Poe’s arms go up around his neck and pull their bodies closer. Poe kissed Kylo as fiercely as Kylo kissed him, both of them hungry and desperate for one another. When Poe finally broke the kiss, he drew back no more than an inch then returned his mouth to Kylo’s for more, softer, gentler caresses. They kissed over and over, but then Poe suddenly pulled away from Kylo completely, taking a step backward and breathing hard. His lips were swollen, flushed from peach to a darker rose and wet with their mixed saliva. “Poe,” Kylo gasped, barely coherent, “stay, please.” “I-I can’t.” Poe shook his head so hard, the black curls of hair danced around his face. “Kylo, I. . . I don’t know, I don’t understand—what’s happening to me? I’ve, I’ve never felt. . . .” He brought his hand, still clutching Kylo’s gloves, to his mouth and closed his eyes. A shiver worked through his small body, and Kylo longed to hold him and comfort him. . . to kiss him and beg him to stay. But I can’t. He needs time, Kylo thought. I have to give him time—I can’t ask too much of him, too soon. “It’s all right,” he forced himself to say. “Will you—will I see you again soon?” “Yes, I. . . .” Poe shook his head again, this time as if to clear it, then started over. “Yes, I will return to town and speak to the elders about coming here to examine your home and witness your testing. I believe that with your mother’s urging, they’ll agree to do it right away. Will it be all right with you if we come tomorrow morning?” “Yes,” Kylo nodded. “The sooner it’s over with, the better. But. . . .” He couldn’t keep from asking, “After the tests are complete, are you going to leave town?” “I. . . I don’t know.” Poe gave him a baleful look. “I don’t think I know anything right now—except that I’m going to do whatever it takes to protect you. I won’t let them condemn you, I swear.” “I know you won’t,” whispered Kylo. “I have faith in you, Poe.” Poe gave him a weak, strained smile then pulled on Kylo’s gloves. They were far too large for him, as Kylo had known they’d be. “Thank you for the loan of your gloves,” Poe murmured. “I’ll bring them back to you tomorrow.” “You are welcome.” It took all of Kylo’s resolve to remain where he stood as Poe nodded, turned to the door, and let himself out. Poe looked back once and hesitated, but then he was gone, closing the door firmly behind him. -- To be continued Chapter 7 That night, Poe dreamed about Kylo. It was not like one of the dreams Kylo had described, where he and Poe had known each other for years; instead, it was an ordinary dream. . . if Poe could call it ordinary to have a lustful dream about another man. He dreamed that he was once more searching Kylo’s body, but this time it was completely bare and Poe used his mouth as well as his fingers, kissing every spot he found and murmuring, “Can you feel this?” At each touch, Kylo gasped or moaned an affirmation, and by the time Poe moved between his thighs, Kylo was fully erect. Even after Poe awoke, the image of Kylo like that—legs spread, staring down at Poe over his erection, pleading for Poe to relieve him—remained burned in his mind. Poe woke up with a start, panting and painfully aroused himself. He fell back against his rented bed’s comfortable down pillows and closed his eyes in a fervent prayer for forgiveness. However, his attempts at confessing his sinful lust to God dissolved into the thoughts of Kylo that had plagued him ever since he left the other man’s cottage. Poe had ridden home with his heart pounding and his face flushing whenever he thought of that deep voice begging for a kiss and those full lips pressed against his own. He tried to push the thoughts away, unprepared to consider whether or not they were sinful, whether or not Kylo’s enumeration of scriptural proofs to the contrary was accurate. I can’t worry about that now, Poe told himself. Right now, my duty is to acquit him, and I can’t allow my own weakness to interfere with that. I can’t be biased, I can’t show him any favor, or the elders won’t believe in the accuracy of my tests. He managed to keep Kylo’s kiss from his mind once he got back to town, stopping first at Mistress Organa’s house. In Poe’s opinion, she seemed surprised both that he had already finished his tests and that they’d gone as well as they had. . . although of course Poe left out most of the details in his description of what had transpired at Kylo’s home that morning. Mistress Organa accompanied Poe to visit the three religious leaders who would witness her son’s trial, including the preacher Poe had heard at meeting. The latter man acted truly pleased that Poe had come to town, and that the rumors of Kylo’s witchcraft would soon be put to rest, and Poe did not think he would have any trouble convincing the kindly minister of Kylo’s innocence. The other two men, however, were dour and stern, and while they behaved politely toward Mistress Organa, they eyed Poe with a skepticism that worried him. Poe retired early that evening, but not before spending some time in the inn’s great room, warming himself before the fire in preparation for the cold night ahead. The husband of Goodwife Kanata, the innkeeper, had returned from his hunting trip, accompanied by the “Master Solo” his wife had mentioned. The husband was abnormally tall—literally twice the height of his tiny wife—and likely the most hirsute gentleman Poe had ever met. He spoke little but welcomed Poe warmly. Master Solo, however, kept glancing at Poe with suspicion, though of a different sort than that shown by the elders. His look held not doubt, but a kind of bewilderment mixed with curiosity. He was an older man with grey hair and a rugged face still handsome despite its lines and creases; his features were pleasant, and he behaved politely when introduced to Poe. Yet he made Poe nervous because of his close scrutiny. Only late in the conversation, just as Poe was about to return to his room, did he understand why Master Solo looked at him that way: the man was Kylo’s father. Poe learned this fact through an offhand comment made by Goody Kanata, although she cast Poe a significant glance after she spoke, and he got the impression she was making sure he knew of the relationship. Poe didn’t know why Solo and Kylo’s mother had different family names, or why Kylo had used his mother’s name when he went by “Benjamin Organa”; but Poe suspected some contention lay among the little family unit, and he decided not to inquire about them further. Anyhow, every time Master Solo gave Poe that puzzled look, Poe thought of the lust he harbored for the man’s son and became too embarrassed to meet his eyes. He didn’t think he could have spoken to Solo even if he had to. Poe soon retreated to his bed, where he fell asleep quickly despite the turmoil raging inside him. But then he had the dream, and when he awoke in the throes of desire, further rest felt far away indeed. He lay in bed with his eyes fixed on the ceiling, illuminated by the light of the waxing moon that shone in past the shutters of his window. Finally, Poe gave up on sleeping for the time being, and he sat up in bed. When he leaned over to the bedside table to strike his flint and light the candle that sat there, he saw Kylo’s gloves where Poe had laid them before retiring. Mistress Organa had lent Poe a pair of smaller gloves which fit him much better, but he liked the way Kylo’s had felt engulfing his hands. It reminded him of Kylo’s hands covering his, massing the lotion into them. Large and warm, Poe thought as he scooped the other man’s gloves up in his hands and brought them to his lips. He would feel like that, surrounding me in his arms and holding me. I feel safe with him. . . like I belong there. He set the gloves aside and took up the jar of lotion Kylo had given him instead. Poe uncorked it and smoothed some of the concoction on his palms, then slowly began to work it into his cracked skin. As Poe looked down, he remembered Kylo calling his hands beautiful, even though they were rough and worn. He wondered, How can he find me beautiful when he’s so magnificent and I’m so plain? Does he really mean it, or could he be trying to manipulate me? Poe didn’t want to believe such a thing of Kylo, but other accused witches had tried to win his favor before, believing him to be like the many dishonest hunters who would fabricate evidence if they wished to condemn someone. Did Kylo really think he had to charm an acquittal from Poe? It would help to explain the sudden change in Kylo’s behavior, the change from utter disdain to praise, from ordering Poe out of his home to begging him to stay. Not to mention all the other nonsense Kylo had said about having dreams and visions of Poe, about really being a witch. . . . But why would he insist on claiming to be a witch, if he’s trying to wring an acquittal from me? That doesn’t make sense, Poe realized. Other things came to him: what Kylo had somehow known about Poe’s mother, the way he’d managed to conceal the hiding place in his room so well. What if he’s telling the truth? What if witches are real. . . and he is one? Poe shuddered. “No,” he whispered aloud, “there’s no such thing. He’s only teasing me.” In fact, maybe it was all just teasing, Kylo wooing Poe only because he found Poe amusing. Maybe after Poe left the cottage, Kylo had laughed at how willingly Poe had kissed him, how easily the hunter had fallen for him and the ridiculous things he said. That possibility was even worse than being manipulated, worse and far more humiliating. Then another thought came: Why can’t you simply trust him? Why can’t you believe that he finds you desirable? Poe had never been able to trust much of anyone besides the Lord; everyone else in his life had let him down in one way or another. But maybe Kylo was different. Maybe, thought Poe, he could love me someday. For a moment, Poe ceased to care that Kylo was a man; he wouldn’t have cared even if Kylo really were a witch. For a moment, he did trust Kylo, and Poe imagined staying there with him, not for the day but forever. Poe sat with his hands resting on his thighs as he thought all those things, breathing in the smell of lavender from the lotion Kylo had given him. The scent pleased Poe because it made him again recall Kylo’s hands caressing his own, and Poe brought them now to his face and inhaled. The warmth of his skin reminded him of the warmth of Kylo’s flesh beneath his fingertips. I touched him there , Poe thought, his own skin heating up in a deep blush. I touched him, and he responded, he almost got aroused. . . . That memory was even better than Poe’s dream, because it had really happened. Although he felt some guilt over the self-indulgence, Poe dropped a hand back to his lap and rubbed himself through the long shirt he’d been sleeping in. His whole body tensed at the pleasurable sensation he so rarely allowed himself, but he wanted far more. I want him to touch me there, the way he touched my hands. . . rubbing me, stroking me. He said he’s never had a lover, and I want to be his first. I want to be the only lover he ever has, and him to be mine. With that thought, Poe gave in entirely. He lay back against his pillow and tugged his shirt up to his waist. The sudden exposure to the room’s cold air made him shiver. Poe scooped a little more lotion onto his fingertips, then with a trembling hand began to stroke himself. Lubricated by Kylo’s lotion, Poe’s hand glided over his erection, and the warmth of his flesh made the scent of lavender even stronger. Poe groaned with the feeling of pleasure that washed over him as he closed his fist around his erection and began to pump it. “Kylo,” he whispered, “Kylo, please. . . .” For an instant, he felt silly, imagining what he must look and sound like performing such a depraved act and talking to himself at the same time; but saying the name of the man he desired heightened Poe’s pleasure, and he whispered it a third time: “Kylo. . . touch me, please.” Poe bit his lip to hold back a louder groan. The strokes of his hand sent waves of pleasure through him, not just his erection but all between his legs and into the pit of his stomach. He rested his free hand on his chest, then recalled how Kylo had reacted when Poe had brushed his nipples, gasping and flushing before making some joke about it. Did it feel good? Poe wondered. Did he like me touching him there? He pushed his hand up under his shirt and rubbed his fingertips over his own right nipple. A spark of pleasure lit beneath them, and his erection twitched in his other hand. Poe’s eyes widened. Dear God, I touched him there, and I didn’t know it felt like this . Poe closed his eyes in a mixture of humiliation and exhilaration, and he rubbed and pinched each of his nipples in turn as he kept pumping himself. “Kylo!” Poe hissed through teeth he was clenching against the force of all he was feeling. “Kylo, please. . . .” This time, the name sounded wrong, felt wrong. Not because Poe was ashamed—he was beyond shame at that point. Instead, Poe wanted to say Kylo’s other name, his real name. “Ben,” Poe whispered, and everything fell into place; everything felt right . An impression, like a flash of memory, passed over him: Ben lying behind him, their legs tangled together and Ben’s hand on him like that, stroking and pleasuring him while Ben held Poe in his other arm and whispered against his ear, “I love you, Poe, I love you.” Poe gasped, “Ben!” as he imagined the fantasy was true and it was Ben’s hand on him instead of Poe’s own, as he imagined that Ben loved him. A sudden, painful knot of pressure formed in his groin, and Poe’s back arched as he pumped himself faster, trying to release it. Words fell from his lips when his body began to shudder: “Ben, I love you too, oh I love you—” Then they were cut off in another gasp as he climaxed, shooting a stream of his seed onto his abdomen before spilling the rest over his hand. Waves of trembling passed through Poe’s body as he lay there, unmoving, for several moments after he finished. He managed to hold back his sense of guilt long enough to ponder what he’d imagined—what it felt like he’d remembered . No, it wasn’t a memory, Poe told himself. Only what I wish were true, what I can never have. Once his trembling had ceased, Poe got up and cleaned himself off as much as he could using the cold water in his room’s pitcher and basin. He started to get back into bed, but his eyes fell on the small Bible resting on the bedside table, on the edge farthest from the bed. Poe’s guilt crashed down around him, not only for what he’d done but also for placing Kylo’s gloves closer to him than he had kept the Word of God—his mother’s copy of the Word of God, in fact. If we were saved by works alone, it would follow that we’d also be damned by works, Poe thought, and I would be tumbling into Hell at this very instant. He dropped his eyes closed an instant to pray, Forgive me, Lord. . . and forgive me, Mama. But then Poe thought again of the Scripture Kylo had cited about the men who had loved one another. Since sleep was still far away, Poe scooped up his Bible and got back in bed with it. Of course he had read it cover to cover several times, and of course he was familiar with the people Kylo mentioned; but Kylo’s words made him wonder if he had missed something in those passages before. With his fingertips, Poe caressed the brown leather cover, worn soft and darkened first by his mother’s hands and later by his own; then he opened the book and flipped the pages to the middle of Genesis. From the time he was a child, Poe had loved how the Bible’s pages felt: silky and fine, as thin and delicate as an onion’s skin. His mother had taught him to read from those pages, Poe on her lap with her arms around him and her small hands holding the book open in front of him. She loved this book, and she loved the Lord, Poe thought, and they killed her anyway. What does it matter then if I’m good, if I deny what I am and how I feel? Then he sighed. Because it isn’t about being good—because we’re not saved by works, and we’re not damned by them. Even the most sinful is saved if he believes, but if he believes, he’ll want to please God. . . and I have to know. Can God ever be pleased with me if I love another man? He began with Sodom: the two angels granted shelter by Lot, and the men young and old who said, “Bring them out unto us, that we may know them.” Poe knew about that already, just as he knew Lot had offered the predatory men his two virgin daughters instead. Poe never had really understood how that made Lot a godly man, and he didn’t understand it any better now, rereading the story in light of Kylo’s interpretation. But Lot did say, “Only unto these men do nothing, for therefore are they come under the shadow of my roof.” He wanted to protect and honor them as his guests, Poe thought. Kylo was right about that. And the men of the city certainly didn’t want the strangers out of love. He frowned and decided to move on to the others Kylo had spoken of, the men who did love one another. Poe was familiar with them too, and he knew that the Bible did speak of love between them—but could it possibly be the same sort of love he already felt for Kylo Ren? In the books of Samuel, Poe read, “The soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him, as his own soul. . . . Then Jonathan and David made a covenant: for he loved him as his own soul.” As Kylo had said, they wept and kissed when they were parted, and when the Philistines slew Jonathan, David mourned him by saying, “Thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.” Soulmates, Poe thought as his face grew warmer imagining sharing such a thing with Kylo. For he loved him as his own soul. . . . The other passages weren’t as captivating. Of Daniel and Ashpenaz, the Scripture said only, “Now God had brought Daniel into favor, and tender love with the chief of the Eunuchs.” Poe liked the fact that God specifically caused Ashpenaz to love Daniel, but even “tender love” couldn’t compare to “loving him as his own soul.” As for the centurion who asked Jesus Christ to heal his servant, the account in Matthew didn’t mention love between the man and the slave at all; Luke only wrote that the servant was “dear to him.” True, Christ healed the servant without hesitation, but the focus of the incident was on the centurion’s faith, not his relationship with his servant. Poe ended up returning to David and Jonathan, reading their story—unhappy ending and all—again before he finally put the Bible aside and blew out his candle. I want a love like that, Poe thought as he let his eyes drop closed. For him to love me as his own soul. . . . Kylo was right, God had not condemned that love; in fact, David had been one of His most favored servants. Even though David did some terrible things, Poe remembered, the Lord was still pleased with him . The shepherd-become-king had loved women too, but the love between him and Jonathan had surpassed that. And I don’t think I could ever love anyone else, Poe realized. I don’t know how I can possibly already love him only days after we met. . . but I do. I love Kylo. . . Ben. His research had diminished his guilt, at least somewhat, and Poe was able to fall asleep again with the love he already felt foremost in his mind. -- A mile away, Kylo hunched trembling over the hammered metal bowl, staring down into the rippling water. He had awoken from a fitful sleep with the anxious feeling that Poe was suffering, and he’d gotten up to check on Poe via scrying. When Poe’s image appeared in the still water of the bowl, Kylo had started forward in a panic; his beloved’s face was contorted in what looked like pain, eyes closed tight and lips parted in a grimace to reveal clenched teeth. Poe’s lips moved, and although Kylo couldn’t hear him, it looked as if they were forming Kylo’s name. “Poe,” he whispered in consternation, certain that the hunter was calling out for his help, but then Kylo finally looked away from Poe’s face to the rest of the vision: Poe’s body exposed to the waist, and his hand wrapped around his erection as he stroked and pumped it. Kylo froze, staring and unable to process what he was seeing. Poe spoke again, not two syllables but one. “Ben,” thought Kylo in a daze. He’s saying “Ben,” not “Kylo.” And then: Ben, I love you. Kylo’s eyes widened, and he shook himself out of his near trance. He dashed his hand into the bowl and broke apart the image of Poe pleasuring himself. Guilt for spying on Poe, even inadvertently, suffused him, but at the same time, the image of Poe consumed in the torture of ecstasy was burned into Kylo’s brain. Consumed, and crying out for Ben—crying out the name Poe had called him in their dreams, and saying he loved him. Kylo had come fully erect in the brief time he’d watched Poe, and now he shoved his own hand under his shirt to jerk himself roughly, still staring into the disturbed water in his scrying bowl. He came within seconds, silently except for his intense breaths that first sped up, then slowed when he’d finished. As he wiped his hand and stomach with his shirt, he wondered, Was he lying when he said he didn’t remember our dreams? Or has he only now come to remember a little, enough to call me “Ben”. . . enough to say he loves me? He wanted to go to Poe right then and there to demand the answers, but to do so would be to admit what he had seen. Poe would be embarrassed and angry. . . and what if Kylo was wrong? What if Poe hadn’t said his name at all but some other? Kylo had no way to be sure. Finally, he got to his feet and emptied the bowl, then went back to his bed. The cat lay curled in one corner at the foot, and when Kylo lay down too, he automatically shifted his legs to one side so as not to disturb it. Nevertheless, it raised its head and looked at him, but he ignored it as he blew out his candle and tried to sleep. -- To be continued Chapter 8 The next morning, Poe rode to Kylo’s cottage with Mistress Organa in her buggy; in fact, the mistress drove the buggy herself, despite Poe’s offer to do so. Her manservant, fussy older gentleman with the odd name of Threepio, made a fervent plea that she let him come along to do the driving, but she refused. “I’m a far better driver than Threepio is,” Mistress Organa confided in Poe as they bumped along the narrow dirt path leading to her son’s home, “and he knows it. I believe he’s actually concerned that Ben will fly into one of his rages at the testing.” “His. . . rages?” Poe murmured. “Does Threepio want to—to protect you?” “Threepio,” said the mistress with a bit of a wry smile, “wants to see the show he thinks Ben will put on. And yes, perhaps he thinks he could assist me—not that Ben would do anything to hurt me, or anyone else, unless we crossed the path of whatever objects he decided to throw. But Threepio and Ben never have gotten along well, and I believe his presence would only make the situation more awkward.” Poe leaned out the side of the buggy to look back at the carriage following them, driven by the minister who was accompanied by the other two elders. He suspected that their presence was what would make the situation awkward, but he was also concerned by Mistress Organa’s offhand comment about her son’s “rages.” “Um,” Poe began when he settled back into his seat, “does Ben get angry often? He was very calm yesterday.” “Was he,” mused Mistress Organa. She cast a sideways look at Poe that was so knowing, it made him uncomfortable. It’s as if she can see exactly how I feel about him, Poe thought, swallowing and looking aside, out at the barren fields they were passing. “But to answer your question,” the mistress continued, “yes, Ben has always had a bad temper, and when he returned here last autumn, it had become far worse than when he was younger. When things don’t go his way, he flies into a fury, and although he has never injured a person to my knowledge, he’s terribly destructive when he’s angry.” Mistress Organa sighed, “I think his anger is directed at himself as much as it is toward any other person, even toward his father or myself. Ben takes his own shortcomings very hard.” “Yes,” Poe murmured, remembering how Kylo had driven him out after Poe’s thoughtless but innocuous comment about his skin. “The first day I went to his home, the day before yesterday. . . he did get angry at something I said. I didn’t mean it to be hurtful, but he thought I was criticizing him, and he shouted at me. But yesterday, overall, he was very kind, and he apologized for his behavior.” “That’s quite unusual,” Mistress Organa observed, her smile returning. “He must be very fond of you.” That was embarrassing enough, but then she asked, “And are you fond of him?” Even with the cold wind of their passage blowing on him, Poe felt his face flare with heat. “I. . . .” He looked down at his lap, covered by a blanket beneath which he clutched Kylo’s gloves. “Yes, I am fond of him. I’ll be sorry when—when the tests are finished and I must return home. I suppose that will be tomorrow.” Poe swallowed, and it hurt his throat. “You don’t have to leave, Poe,” Mistress Organa said. Her tone was brisk, not at all sentimental, but when Poe risked a glance at her, she was looking at him with sympathy. “You are welcome to stay in the inn here for as long as you desire—Maz Kanata and her husband are good friends of our family, and from what I’ve heard, you’re the most considerate guest she’s had in an age.” “I couldn’t keep impinging on your hospitality,” Poe protested, “not if you’re having to pay for my room and board.” “In that case, come stay at our home,” countered the mistress. “We have plenty of room. In fact, I’m hoping to persuade Ben to ride back with us and spend the night. I thought that perhaps your influence could convince him to reconcile with us. . . or at least with myself. Making amends between Ben and his father may be a lost cause.” That last comment intrigued Poe, but he was too overwhelmed and embarrassed with everything else she’d said to focus on it. “I-I can’t, I couldn’t,” he stammered. “I have no way to contribute to your household, and, and staying with Ben—I mean, I wouldn’t be staying with Ben, but under the same roof—I hardly know him. I don’t think I would be enough to persuade him to come.” Poe’s face got all the hotter when he realized the double meaning of that last phrase, and he tried to reassure himself that a civilized lady wouldn’t pick up on it. “I think you know him very well,” was all Mistress Organa had time to respond before they drew near to Ben’s small cottage. She went on, “Well, here we are. I’ll wish you luck, Poe, although I believe that if anyone can convince these men that Ben is innocent, that person will be you.” “I hope so,” Poe murmured. He scrambled down out of the buggy then helped Mistress Organa down as well. They waited at the door to the cottage as the town elders disembarked from their carriage. As the three men approached, Poe impulsively tucked Kylo’s gloves into his coat pocket; if the elders knew that Kylo had lent the gloves to Poe, they might think the hunter had been bribed. When the others had joined them, Mistress Organa looked up at Poe and nodded slightly; then Poe knocked on the stout wooden door of the cottage. Poe’s heart beat faster when he heard the latch opening on the inside of the door, and a moment later, the door swung open. Kylo’s eyes fell on Poe first. He gave Poe a curious look, one almost ashamed, but then his pale lips twitched upward in a slight smile. Poe beamed up at him, and Kylo gave him a full smile. “Good morning, Ben,” Mistress Organa said, rather pointedly. Kylo started and his high cheekbones colored; then he nodded curtly at his mother before turning away and holding the door open for the visitors. Poe allowed Mistress Organa to go in first, then followed with the elders. The three older men stood near the fireplace while Kylo faced them with his arms folded across his chest. The cat was nowhere in sight. “Well?” Kylo muttered as he arched a black eyebrow at the other men. Poe cleared his throat, already nervous about the elders’ stern expressions and Kylo’s attitude. “I think we’re all ready to begin,” Poe murmured. “I believe we should start with—” “We wish to see your examination of the accused’s body first,” the oldest and sternest of the three, a man named Master Dooku who was among the wealthiest planters in the community, interrupted Poe. Although his hair and beard were white, his heavy eyebrows were the color of steel, and they lowered over his glaring eyes as he stared not at Poe, but at Kylo. Poe flushed at the very thought of “examining the accused’s body” because it brought back vivid memories of his dream the night before. Not only that, but the demand had thrown off Poe’s plans, as he had hoped to begin with an inspection of the cabin so that Kylo would have time to relax before the elders scrutinized his person. Poe gave Kylo a nervous look, but Kylo’s piercing eyes were fixed on his accuser. “Fine,” he scoffed. “And how much of my body do you wish for Master Dameron to examine?” “Ben, please,” Mistress Organa sighed. “We’ll leave that to Master Dameron, at least to begin with,” Dooku returned without raising his voice. Poe swallowed hard and went over to stand beside one of Kylo’s two chairs. “Please sit, Master—” He broke off, wanting to respect Kylo’s preferred name but also leery of using what the townspeople called his “witch name” in front of the elders. “Master Organa,” Poe finally said with some reluctance. Kylo did not appear to be offended though, at least not by Poe. He stalked over to the chair and sat down; then he stripped off his shirt with no hesitation or sign of shame. Yet Poe saw that color again stood out on his cheeks, more pronounced than before. Poe moved behind Kylo’s chair and looked down at his broad, white shoulders and the marks scattered over them. When he laid his fingertips against one spot, Dooku intervened. “The usual procedure is to test the suspected witch’s sensitivity to pain, is it not, Master Dameron?” This time Poe was the one who scowled at the elder as he muttered, “As you wish. However, I dislike causing unnecessary discomfort.” He took from his pocket the small leather case in which he carried a few needles—although he generally used them to mend his clothing more often than to test supposed witches. “I’m sure that, if Master Organa is innocent, he will not mind a little pain to clear his name,” Dooku replied. Poe selected the thinnest, sharpest needle he had and bent over Kylo’s back to murmur, “I’m sorry,” before he pricked the spot on the larger man’s shoulder, as lightly as he could. Kylo flinched, almost imperceptibly, and drew in a hiss of breath. “Good,” said Dooku, and Poe thought resentfully that he was probably pleased not that Kylo was sensitive to touch but that he had been hurt. Poe tried three more spots on Kylo’s back. Mistress Organa and the minister looked increasingly distressed (or angry, in Mistress Organa’s case), and the second elder only seemed a bit bored. Dooku watched the proceedings with an imperious expression. “Are you satisfied?” Poe finally challenged him, but the older man gestured him forward with a hand. “To the front now.” Poe stifled a sigh of frustration and moved around to face Kylo. The accused witch averted his eyes, although Poe tried to catch his gaze, and Poe wondered if Kylo were angry at him for not protesting the elder’s demands. Like I have a choice, Poe sulked. If Dooku isn’t satisfied, Kylo won’t be safe. He found a spot on Kylo’s chest and pricked it with more force than he intended, and the larger man made a short “mmn” noise between his teeth as he winced. Poe immediately felt guilty for his irritation and apologized again. “Stop saying you’re sorry,” Kylo growled sotto voce . “I told you about that.” Only then did he meet Poe’s eyes, and despite his tone, his dark gaze was pleading, not angry. Poe wished he could smile at the other man to reassure him, but he was afraid that Dooku might perceive such an action as collusion. . . which, Poe supposed, it was. Poe stuck one other spot on Kylo’s chest with his needle, then stepped back and looked at the elders. “That should be satisfactory,” he told them. “He is clearly sensitive to pain, and I see no need to subject him to further discomfort.” “His face,” said Dooku. He took a step toward them, and Poe resisted the urge to move away. Dooku lifted a hand and pointed one long finger at the spot just to the left of Kylo’s noise. “That one.” Poe knew that to be pricked there would be painful, and he was now certain that Dooku was deliberately trying to hurt Kylo. “This will be the last one,” Poe insisted. Dooku regarded him for a moment—rather suspiciously, Poe thought—but then nodded. “All right,” he agreed. Poe cupped his left hand under Kylo’s jaw and tilted his head up, then rested the heel of his right hand against Kylo’s cheek with the needle pinched between his thumb and first finger. Kylo’s eyes met Poe’s once more, and Poe decided he could get lost in that dark gaze, which seemed to be saying that Kylo trusted Poe, that he had put all his faith and his innocence quite literally in the witch hunter’s hands. Poe wanted to caress the face he cradled, not stick a needle into it, but he steeled himself and pressed the sharp point of the needle against Kylo’s skin. “Nngh,” Kylo grunted. He did not flinch, but his eyes watered, and when Poe drew back his hand, a bead of bright red blood welled up from where the needle had pierced the other man’s flesh. Kylo reached up to touch the tiny wound, but Poe stopped his hand. “No, it’s bleeding,” he muttered. He pulled his handkerchief from his pocket and pressed it to the spot instead. Kylo blinked back the water in his eyes and glared in Dooku’s direction. “Are you satisfied?” he grumbled. Before Dooku could respond, Poe said, “That’s enough, regardless.” He checked to be sure Kylo’s bleeding had stopped then bent to pick up the discarded shirt, which he handed to Kylo. As Kylo dressed, Poe said to the elders, “I have already conducted a prayer test, which Master Organa passed admirably.” The minister’s demeanor brightened, and he nodded as he said, “Yes, let’s hear him recite.” He gave Kylo what was almost a kindly smile, although the younger man refused to return it. Poe wondered which passages of Scripture Kylo would choose to repeat—surely not Solomon’s Song again, or at least Poe hoped not. To Poe’s relief, Kylo recited the Lord’s Prayer instead, as flawlessly as he had the previous day. Dooku, however, did not appear impressed. “Another passage,” was all he said. Poe saw a hint of anger pass over Kylo’s face, but then it cleared and he drew his tongue over his lips before beginning the twenty-third Psalm. “The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to rest in green pasture, and leadeth me by the still waters. He restoreth my soul, and leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His Name’s sake.” Kylo paused, and for a horrible instant, Poe thought he’d forgotten the verses. But instead, Kylo turned his eyes to Poe and met the hunter’s gaze as he continued. “Yea, though I should walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me.” Poe felt his face warm, even as he scolded himself for the sacrilege of imagining Kylo was speaking to him and not to the Lord. Kylo murmured, “Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou dost prepare a table before me in the sight of mine adversaries. Thou dost anoint mine head with oil, and my cup runneth over. Doubtless kindness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I shall remain a long season in the house of the Lord.” “Very good,” said the minister, breaking the near-trance Poe had fallen into, listening to Kylo’s deep voice speak those words of love—a very different sort of love than that of Solomon, but love all the same. Poe finally dragged his eyes away from Kylo’s to look at Dooku. The older man’s face remained stern, but he did not demand that Kylo recite further Scripture. “Master Organa has given us permission to examine his home for any artifacts of witchcraft,” Poe told the elders when Dooku did not speak. “That is my final test.” “As you see fit, Master Dameron,” muttered Dooku. The other two men began to wander about the room rather aimlessly, but Dooku cast a glance around before stalking back to Kylo’s bedroom. As he entered, Poe heard a hiss, and a second later, Kylo’s cat slunk out and went to sit hunched in a corner of the main room. Thinking of the hidden compartment in the bedroom wall where Kylo had placed his mysterious books, Poe swallowed hard. He looked up at Kylo and found the accused witch’s dark eyes fixed back on him. Poe swallowed again, wanting to speak to him but not knowing what to say. Finally, Poe moved close enough to murmur, “Are you still hurting from my needle? I’m—well, I know you forbad me to say it, but I’m sorry nevertheless.” Kylo’s tensed mouth relaxed into a helpless and affectionate smile. “Poe, you were as gentle as you could be,” he whispered back. “It’s all right, I am not hurting.” He lifted his eyes to look over Poe’s head, back toward the bedroom, and his smile faded. Poe looked over his shoulder and saw Dooku through the open doorway; the old man was standing in the middle of the small room—not looking at anything, just standing there. “What’s he doing?” Poe whispered as he turned back to Kylo. “Searching for signs of witchcraft,” said Kylo. Poe scowled at the flippant response, but when Kylo met his gaze again, his expression was serious. “I see nothing here to be concerned about,” the minister was saying. Poe joined him and the other elder where they were waiting with Mistress Organa by the fireplace. “Will the evidence you’ve seen today be enough to satisfy you that Master Organa is no witch?” Poe asked them. “We will have to discuss it before we can give you an answer,” replied the minister. “As soon as Master Dooku finishes his examination, we will do so. But speaking personally, Master Dameron, I should commend you for your work on the Lord’s behalf, and thank you for coming here. We appreciate your dedication.” “It is my honor,” said Poe, “and my calling.” Before he could say more, Dooku returned from the other room, apparently without finding anything. He gave a curt nod to the other two elders then cocked his head toward the outer door to the cottage. “Please excuse us for a few moments,” the minister said to Poe. He inclined his head toward Mistress Organa then followed the others outside. “Now we wait,” Mistress Organa muttered, “while they decide if they’ve tormented my son enough.” “Mother, please,” grumbled Kylo. She glared at him, but he continued, “If you hadn’t brought Dooku here, there would be no question that they’d decide I’m innocent.” For all Mistress Organa had said about her son’s temper, she had one herself. She snapped back at him, “You know perfectly well that he had to be consulted! Without his approval, the verdict wouldn’t stand.” She gave Poe a slightly apologetic look and explained, “Master Dooku is the founder of this settlement, and one of our most influential religious figures. Almost everyone looks to him for leadership, so if he says that Ben is innocent, the others will believe it. . . or at least, they’ll pretend to,” she admitted with a little sigh. “I’m not so naïve as to think these tests will be enough to make the community accept Ben, but at least I won’t have to worry about them attacking him and trying to drag him to the stake.” “As if they could,” Kylo muttered. “I said ‘trying,’” his mother retorted. “But I don’t want you fighting them, regardless, because you’d likely flatten our town in the process.” “ Your town. I want nothing to do with it,” Kylo growled at his mother. Poe wondered why Kylo had come back after his long absence, or at least why he had remained for an entire year, if he hated the settlement so much; however, the hunter didn’t want to become further involved in the others’ argument by asking. Instead, he withdrew to the corner of the room where the cat huddled and crouched down beside it. When Poe stretched out his hand toward the animal, the cat looked up at his fingers with a skeptical expression. “Kitty kitty?” Poe cooed at it, and the cat flicked its disdainful eyes up to meet Poe’s gaze. Poe’s fingers drooped—leave it to a cat to embarrass him—but then the animal leaned forward and placed its head under his hand. Poe smirked and muttered, “So you’ll deign to be petted, eh?” but scratched the back of the cat’s neck all the same. When Poe glanced up, he saw that Kylo had come to stand close by and was watching him. Embarrassed all over again, Poe got to his feet and brushed the cat hairs off his hand. “How are your hands today?” Kylo asked in a soft voice. His expression remained grim, but his eyes were soft as they looked down into Poe’s. “Better,” Poe murmured, even as he self-consciously folded his hands together in front of him. “Your mother lent me some gloves as you asked, and I used your lotion last night.” That reminded Poe of just how he had used the lotion, and he felt himself blush. Oh please don’t let him notice, Poe thought. Whether he noticed or not, Kylo looked rather embarrassed himself as he said, “That’s good. I’m glad I could help you.” “Oh! That reminds me, I need to return these.” Poe went to the second chair, where he’d draped his coat, and drew Kylo’s gloves out of his pocket. He returned to the larger man and held the gloves out to him. “Thank you for them, very much. They kept me warm.” “I’m glad,” Kylo said again, his deep voice hardly above a whisper. He reached out, but instead of taking the gloves from Poe, he covered both of Poe’s hands in his own. Poe’s blush grew all the hotter, yet he had no desire to pull his hands from Kylo’s grasp. His touch made Poe feel warm all over, as did his voice when Kylo went on, “I would do whatever it took to take care of you, Poe.” Poe had forgotten everything else for the moment that they touched, from the men outside discussing Kylo’s future to Mistress Organa who was surely watching her son clasping another man’s hands. But when Poe heard the creak of the front door being opened, it all came back to him, and he stepped away from Kylo so quickly, he stumbled. Poe doubted it would help Kylo’s case for the influential Master Dooku to see him consorting with the supposedly unbiased witch hunter. “We have reached our decision,” Dooku announced before the other two elders had even followed him all the way into the room. “Master Dameron, thanks to your thorough testing, you have convinced us that Master Organa is innocent of the charges and suspicions held against him.” Poe nodded, albeit weakly. Only now did he realize that he had never been certain of that outcome—not that he believed Kylo’s claims of being a witch, or that he lacked faith in his own tests. But Dooku had unnerved him, and Poe had subconsciously doubted that his tests would be enough to satisfy the older man. Apparently, however, they had. When Kylo said nothing, Mistress Organa replied, “Thank you, masters,” to the three men. Her tone held a note of irony none of them could have missed. Kylo just glared at them. Dooku returned the look with a sort of haughty disdain then turned to nod to Kylo’s mother before he vacated the room once more. The second elder followed, but the minister stayed behind a moment, his attitude far more relaxed than during the formal testing. “Ben, will you continue to come to meeting now that this matter is behind us?” he asked. “I was very pleased to see you this past Sabbath.” Poe looked at Kylo and couldn’t hide a smile at the stricken, hunted look that passed over the other man’s pale face. “That. . . was a special occasion,” Kylo muttered. Mistress Organa put in, “You should consider it, though, Ben. It might do you some good.” Kylo’s hunted look became a glower which he turned on her, until Poe intervened, still smiling. “I agree,” he said. “I think it would be good for you.” Kylo gave an audible groan and shifted his whole body to face Poe. Poe just smiled up at him and added, “At least consider it?” “All right, I’ll consider it,” Kylo sighed; then his glower faded, and he smiled too. Poe’s heart soared. “I’ll hope to see you there, then,” the minister said, oblivious to the way the other two men were looking at one another. “Good day, Mistress Organa.” When he had gone and they could hear the sound of the horses pulling the elders’ carriage away, Mistress Organa came to stand beside Poe. “Ben, we have to get back to town too,” she said, “but I was hoping you’d come back with us.” Kylo looked from Poe to his mother and scowled. “Why?” Clearly trying to suppress the irritation in her voice, Mistress Organa replied, “Because I haven’t seen you for any length of time since you returned here a year ago, and your father hasn’t seen you at all.” “He doesn’t want to see me, I’m sure,” Kylo growled, “nor do I want to see him. And what is there for you and I to discuss?” His mother raised an eyebrow. “Much, if you really believed that I sent for Poe to have you condemned as a witch.” Then she sighed and went on, “But I won’t make you talk to us if you do not want to. I just want to see you at home again. Poe says he must leave tomorrow, but I’ve asked him to stay with us tonight—you can talk to him instead of to me, but please come.” When she spoke of Poe leaving, Kylo’s eyes flicked to the other man’s face with a pained look that made Poe’s formerly soaring heart clench. He thought Kylo might agree to come with them then, but Kylo only looked away after a second. “You know the full moon is tomorrow night,” Kylo muttered. “I need to be here.” “Then you can spend tonight with us and come back in the morning,” Mistress Organa retorted. Poe wondered what the full moon had to do with anything—surely Kylo wasn’t going to start claiming to be a werewolf too—but he didn’t want to ask. And anyhow, at the sound of frustration in his mother’s voice, Kylo’s scowl had returned. “If you have such urgent business in town, you had better go,” he said to her, then turned away to busy himself straightening the few dishes he kept on the shelf hanging on his wall. Mistress Organa made an exasperated sound before composing herself and going to the door. Poe cast one last look at Kylo, but the other man refused to look at either of them, and Poe finally pulled on his coat and followed the mistress. “If you change your mind, Ben, do come by,” Mistress Organa murmured. When she got no response, she unlatched the door and went out with Poe close behind. I’ll never see him again, Poe thought in misery as he trudged after the mistress, back to her buggy. Tomorrow I’ll go home and write my report, and then I’ll be summoned or sent somewhere else, and somewhere else after that, and I’ll never come back here, and I’ll never see him again. The thought made him feel like weeping, and he stopped short at the buggy’s side. Mistress Organa had climbed up already and taken the reins, but she paused and looked down at Poe curiously. “Poe?” “I’ll—I’ll go ask one more time,” he mumbled, his head down, too ashamed of his weakness to meet her eyes. “Maybe you’re right and I can convince him.” He turned away, hopefully before she noticed he was blushing again, and stalked back to the cottage. He knew Mistress Organa was watching him, but his need to be with Kylo was greater than his embarrassment. Poe stopped before the stout door and took a deep breath before knocking. He called softly, “Kylo? It’s me, Poe.” This time, the door opened right away, as if Kylo had been just on the other side of it, and the taller man stood in the doorway looking down at the hunter. “Poe,” he whispered. “Can I—” Poe began, then broke off with an “Oh!” when Kylo grasped his hand and tugged him inside, shutting the door behind him. As soon as they were shielded from the sight of Kylo’s mother, he pulled Poe into his arms and held the smaller man to his chest. Poe went willingly and embraced Kylo against him. “I’m so glad the tests are done,” Poe mumbled into Kylo’s rough shirt. “You’re safe now, they’ll leave you alone.” “Because of you,” Kylo whispered back. “Please come back with us,” Poe blurted out. He tilted his head back to gaze up into Kylo’s apprehensive dark eyes. “ Please . My work here is finished now, and tomorrow I’ll have to leave—” “Poe, you don’t have to leave,” Kylo said. He lifted a hand to Poe’s face and stroked the hunter’s cheek with his thumb. “You could stay here. . . with me.” “Kylo,” Poe gasped, hardly able to get the name out. It was very much like what Mistress Organa had proposed, and still too much for Poe to contemplate at the moment. He stammered, “I, I can’t—I can’t just quit . They’ll come looking for me, my superiors, I mean. . . and even if they didn’t, God has called me to this life. There are others who need me to save them, just as you did.” Kylo’s hopeful expression fell, and he sighed so deeply, Poe felt guilty for hurting him; but then he said, “Then I’ll come back to town with you, if you promise I can spend today with you.” He paused, and his mouth quirked in a near-smile. “And without my parents, at least for part of the time. I want to be alone with you.” Poe found himself smiling outright, even as his cheeks grew warm. “A-all right. I can promise that.” Kylo’s hand contracted over his jaw, and Poe tilted his head into the other man’s warm touch; then his eyes fell on the tiny wound beside Kylo’s nose. A small, blue-black bruise had formed under the pinprick of dried blood. “I didn’t want to hurt you,” Poe whispered. He reached up to touch the spot with the tip of one finger. “But you’ve bruised here.” “It doesn’t matter, it will heal,” Kylo assured him, but Poe shook his head. “It does matter. I had to hurt you to ‘prove’ your innocence—all because of a bunch of foolish, superstitious bullshit.” Kylo stared at him, then began to laugh, hard. Poe stared back, affronted, until the other man shook his own head, sending locks of his black hair dancing around his face. “Master Dameron, your language is appalling,” Kylo snickered. “Oh.” Poe bit his lip in guilt. “I’m—” “And don’t you dare say you’re sorry!” Kylo grinned down at him, and Poe relaxed into an abashed smile. He looks so happy, Poe thought in wonder. Do I really inspire such joy in him? Kylo continued, “I like hearing you swear. Witnessing you sinning convinces me that you’re really human after all, and not some. . . some perfect angel sent to tempt me.” His voice had fallen to a thickened murmur that sent a thrill up Poe’s spine—a thrill that felt suspiciously like a shudder when Poe remembered how he had thought exactly the same, that God had sent Kylo to him as a temptation. “I want to make you swear,” Kylo murmured. His almost-black eyes fixed on Poe’s, and his hand on Poe’s face felt hot as steel held over a flame. “I want to make you scream curses, curses and my name, with the pleasure I give you. Poe, if you’ll only let me try, I can—” “Shhh!” Poe interrupted, unable to bear hearing anymore. He lowered his head as a true shudder worked through his body, ending in his groin where he felt himself begin to stiffen at the mere suggestion of what Kylo wanted to do to him. Lord, please, give me the strength to bear this, Poe prayed. If this is a test, forgive me for my weakness, and help me. Kylo had fallen silent at Poe’s request, but he didn’t free the smaller man from his grasp. When Poe had composed himself, he lifted his head and looked again at the bruise on Kylo’s face. “Before we go, you should put some medicine on that,” he said in a voice he fought to keep steady. “I’m sure you have some concoction that would promote healing.” He shifted his eyes to meet Kylo’s, and the sadness he saw in them made his heart ache. Poe wanted to kiss every bit of that sadness away, to suck it right out of Kylo’s beautiful mouth, but he contented himself with rising on his toes to touch his lips to the bruised wound instead. As Poe sank back down on his heels, Kylo murmured, “Your kiss heals me far better than any medicine ever could, my heart.” He held Poe fast and bent to press his own mouth to the smaller man’s forehead; then mercifully, he let Poe go and turned away. Poe’s pulse beat through his body with a force that nearly made him dizzy, but when Kylo spoke again, his voice sounded normal and unemotional. “Please give me a moment, then I’ll be ready to go.” As Kylo went to the fireplace and began to bank the fire, Poe said, “Yes, of course.” He watched the other man finish with the fire, extinguish a lantern he had burning, then crouch down beside the cat, which still huddled in the corner. “I’ll be back tomorrow, I promise,” Kylo told it. The cat looked at him, and Kylo frowned. “Will you be all right?” Poe half expected the cat to reply—and to say “No, servant, you must stay here and tend to me,” judging from its look of feline superiority—but it only blinked, then meowed. Kylo got back to his feet and dipped some water from his cistern into a small dish, then set it down on the floor for the animal. When he turned back to Poe, the hunter felt a little guilty in spite of himself. “Um, do you need to leave it some food?” he asked with a glance down at the cat. A smile flickered over Kylo’s face. “No, he doesn’t eat much—and he caught a huge rat just this morning. I don’t know how he tolerates eating those things.” He looked down at the cat too, who turned and stared at the wall as if embarrassed. Kylo went on, “At the first, he wouldn’t touch anything save for human food, but now. . . .” “I think you’re shaming him,” Poe chuckled. “And I really don’t want to know more about the rat. If he’ll really be all right on his own, let’s go.” “He’ll be fine,” Kylo said. He nodded at the cat then put on his coat and went to the door, holding it open for Poe. If Mistress Organa was surprised to see them coming together to the buggy, she didn’t show it. Poe waited for Kylo to get in, but the other man gestured for Poe to climb up first. That left Poe wedged on the single seat between Kylo and his mother, feeling more than a little awkward. Mistress Organa glanced at Kylo, then at Poe, and he detected just a hint of a triumphant sparkle in her eye. Poe ducked his head in embarrassment and busied himself with pulling his borrowed gloves on. But then, when he rested his right hand between himself and Kylo, he felt Kylo’s larger gloved hand close over it. Poe still couldn’t bring himself to look up, but he gripped the other man’s fingers tightly in his own as they drove back to the town. -- To be continued Chapter 9 Kylo’s mother stopped the buggy in front of the inn to let Poe out, insisting that he retrieve his belongings and come to stay at her home instead. Kylo climbed down so that Poe could disembark, but then he stayed on the ground and looked back up at his mother. “I’m going with Poe to help carry his things,” Kylo muttered. The knowing little smirk Leia gave him irritated him, but he would rather brave that than be alone with her until Poe made it to her house. And besides, he welcomed any chance to spend time with Poe. When he turned to Poe and saw a smile on the hunter’s handsome face, Kylo dared to hope that Poe felt the same way. “In that case,” Leia told her son, “you can give Maz a message for me. If she sees your father today, I’d like her to tell him to be home for dinner— and to stay in this evening.” “Why?” growled Kylo, even though he already knew. Sure enough, his mother snapped, “You know why—I want you to see him.” “And I don’t want to see him.” Kylo left the buggy and stalked over to the door of the inn, where he waited for Poe without looking back at Leia. Poe spoke to her a moment more, then finally joined Kylo. Kylo followed the smaller man into the inn’s common room, where, to his dismay, Maz Kanata was sweeping up. Kylo tried to sneak to the staircase without her noticing him, but she spotted him right away. “I haven’t seen you around in quite a while. . . Kylo,” she said. Unlike Kylo’s mother, Maz used the new name he had taken; yet the way she said it conveyed how ridiculous she found it to be. Kylo scowled down at her, and she looked right back up at him over the tops of her glasses. “I’ve already heard the news,” Maz went on, “so I’ll congratulate you on passing the witch trials.” “You’ve already heard?” Poe asked in surprise; at the same time, Kylo grumbled, “You don’t have anything to congratulate me for. The trials mean nothing, and you know it.” Maz looked at him another moment, then chose to address Poe instead. “Yes, I’ve already heard,” she told him with a growing smile. “Dear boy, if you stick around, you’ll learn two things: word travels fast here, and it usually travels to me first.” Poe answered her smile faintly but said, “I’m afraid I won’t be sticking around. Now that I’ve conducted my tests to the satisfaction of the elders, I’ll be returning to the Hunters’ Council tomorrow.” “I’m sorry to hear that, Master Dameron. I’m sure we’ll all miss you,” said Maz. Kylo looked away before she could give him the significant glance he knew was coming. Did Mother talk to her about Poe, and about me? Kylo wondered. How much does either of them know? “Your room’s upstairs?” Kylo asked Poe, as pointedly as he could manage. “Yes,” Poe replied, “I—” “Now wait just a minute,” Maz interrupted. The tiny woman was fairly purring with amusement. “You both should know that I don’t tolerate any foolishness in my inn.” “F-foolishness?” Poe stammered. Kylo didn’t need to look at him to know that he was blushing, and Kylo himself cringed. “Yes. No unmarried couples allowed in a room together,” sniffed Maz. “B-but—but—” Poe stopped, composed himself, and protested, “But we’re not a couple , we’re both men . He’s only coming up to help me collect my belongings.” As he had always done when nervous, even in Kylo’s dreams, Poe was talking too fast, and far too much. He plunged on, “Mistress Organa very kindly invited me to spend my last night at her house—not that I haven’t enjoyed my time here in the inn, but she insisted, and I couldn’t refuse. And Kylo’s spending the night too—not with me , I mean, but his mother wanted to see him, so he offered to help me. Get my things, I mean.” “Right,” said Maz. She looked at Poe, then at Kylo, then back at Poe. “Well, if you’re only getting your belongings, hurry up then.” Then she dropped the stern act and added warmly, “Although I really will miss your smiling face around here, Master Dameron. We have very few guests, and none so pleasant as you, not in a long while.” “Um, thank you,” Poe mumbled. Kylo risked a glance at him and saw that the hunter was still blushing faintly. Poe went past Kylo to the stairs and started backing up them, keeping an eye on Maz as if he thought she might pounce on him. “We’ll hurry. No—no foolishness,” Poe promised before he turned and pelted up the stairs. Kylo was about to follow him, but Maz crossed the floor with startling quickness and clamped a tiny hand down over his arm. “Ben,” she said, the first time she had called him by his birth name since his return to the settlement. Kylo glowered at the stairs before him and growled, “What.” Yet his attitude was mostly for show; he respected Maz Kanata more than he would ever admit, and not only because she was wed to his father’s best friend. While she wasn’t a witch herself, Maz possessed a great deal of knowledge and mental acuity, and Kylo sometimes wondered if there weren’t something magical about her after all. “Take care of that boy,” Maz told him. “Don’t let him leave.” In spite of himself, Kylo turned to stare down at her; she was peering up at him intently. “If Poe wants to leave, I can’t stop him,” Kylo muttered. “He doesn’t want to leave, as you well know,” she countered. To Kylo’s horror, she reached up her free hand to grasp his chin, then studied his eyes. Maz repeated, “He doesn’t want to leave, so give him a reason to stay. And then take care of him, protect him—he’ll need you. Just like you’ve needed him.” Maz let Kylo go as abruptly as she had grasped him. She nodded in a self-satisfied manner then turned away and went back to her broom. Kylo kept staring after her a moment, but she seemed to have finished with him, so he finally trudged upstairs to find Poe. The inn only held three guest rooms, and the door to one stood open. Kylo looked in and found Poe there, folding up a shirt and tucking it into a worn canvas bag resting on the bed. He had only one other bag, a small leather satchel which lay at the foot of the bed. When Kylo stepped into the room, the floorboards creaked under his weight, and Poe looked up. “I thought maybe you’d changed your mind about helping me,” Poe chided, although his smile indicated he was only teasing. “It’s hard to get away from Maz when she starts talking,” Kylo mumbled. He watched Poe close up his bag; then the smaller man turned to the bedside table, where the jar of lotion Kylo had given him rested. “Is it all right for me to keep this?” Poe asked in a low voice. “The jar, I mean, I know you can make more lotion. . . .” “Of course, Poe.” Kylo looked at the jar—just plain greenish glass with bubbles trapped under its uneven surface—in Poe’s small brown hand. “Please keep it. Perhaps you’ll remember me when you see it.” “I’m going to remember you, no matter what.” The words came out tight and hard, and Poe’s fingers clenched around the jar. “I couldn’t forget you even if I wanted to—and I never want to, never .” Poe turned, keeping his back to Kylo, and shoved the jar into his satchel. Kylo hung back as Poe fumbled to buckle the bag’s straps, but when he saw the hunter’s shoulders tremble, Kylo stepped forward and grasped them. At first, Poe resisted when Kylo tried to turn him around; then finally he relented and shifted to face Kylo. Poe’s warm brown eyes were teary. “Poe,” Kylo whispered, “please don’t go, don’t leave me. You can write to your superiors, send them your report, and—and if you must keep hunting witches, you can, but do it from here. Make this town your base. . . your home.” When Poe didn’t protest, Kylo lifted his hands to cup the hunter’s face and whispered, “Make your home with me . Poe, you consume me, my every thought is of you. I can’t bear to go back to living without you.” “Kylo. . . .” Poe’s eyes moved over Kylo’s face, pausing when they fell on the bruised spot beside his nose; then Poe leaned up and kissed him, this time on the mouth. Kylo gave a “Mmph!” of surprise but adjusted quickly enough, shifting his hands to the back of Poe’s head and holding it as he opened his mouth and let Poe plunge his tongue inside. Poe kissed him hard, pulled back with a gasp, then kissed him again. Just when Kylo was about to put his arms around the smaller man—and possibly try to draw him down onto the bed, Maz or no Maz—Poe pulled away. He looked up at Kylo with a desperate groan. “Kylo, I—I don’t know , I don’t know if this is right,” he breathed. “Before I came here, before I met you—I knew I desired men and not women, but I knew. . . I always believed it would be sinful to act on those desires. And truly, I was never really tempted to. And then. . . and then I met you.” Poe closed his eyes and whispered, “I don’t know what you’ve done to me, but I want you, I want to be with you. Last night, I. . . .” His voice trailed off, and when Kylo saw the blush that deepened the color of Poe’s cheeks, he knew that Poe was thinking of what Kylo had inadvertently witnessed through his scrying. But then Poe continued, “Last night, I read the Scriptures you spoke of. I read about David, and Jonathan who ‘loved him as his own soul.’ Kylo. . . can I have been so wrong, all this time?” Poe opened his eyes suddenly, opened them wide so that his dark lashes did nothing to conceal them as they usually did. “Do you truly believe that it isn’t a sin for me to be with you?” “Yes.” Kylo wanted to touch Poe again, but he didn’t trust himself to do so. Instead, he clasped his hands in front of him as he went on, “Poe, please trust me, I would never urge you to do anything I consider to be wrong—no matter how much I desire to keep you here with me.” Poe’s eyes searched Kylo’s face again; then he nodded. “I believe you. Kylo. . . please, be patient with me. Let me spend today with you, and let me pray about it and ask for God’s guidance. I can’t give you an answer now, but maybe. . . .” For some reason, the beseeching look Poe gave Kylo made him recall Maz’s words: Take care of that boy. Don’t let him leave. He’ll need you. “Of course,” Kylo murmured. “Poe, I’ve waited my whole life for you. I’ll give you as much time as you need.” Poe smiled at him, and the trust Kylo saw in his eyes made all the waiting worth it. Kylo turned to pick up Poe’s bag and said, “Is this everything? We’d better go before Maz comes up here looking for ‘foolishness.’” He was pleased when Poe chuckled. “I can carry that,” the hunter said as he slung his satchel over one shoulder, but Kylo shook his head. “I told Mother I was helping you carry your belongings, so that’s what I’m going to do.” He took Poe’s gloved hand and squeezed it, and neither of them let go until they had left the room and were almost down the staircase. Then Poe finally dropped Kylo’s hand, but Kylo could understand; he didn’t want Maz’s commentary on their show of affection either. He was hoping to escape without speaking to Maz again, but this time, Poe was the one who stopped him. “Kylo? Didn’t your mother have a message for Goody Kanata?” the hunter reminded him. Kylo, who was already halfway to the front door, paused and looked over his shoulder at the other man. “No,” he said firmly. Poe blinked at him, then set his pretty mouth. “A message for me?” Maz prompted from where she had finished sweeping and sat down near the fireplace. “Yes,” said Poe, even as Kylo shook his head rapidly. Poe ignored him and turned to face Maz. “Mistress Organa asked that if you should see Master Or—er, Master Solo, please tell him to come home for dinner. And for the evening.” “Oh, of course,” Maz said with a smile. “I expect he’ll be by. I’ll tell him.” She looked Poe over then added, “You’re a good boy, Master Dameron. I’m sure Leia appreciates your concern.” “Erm, you can call me Poe,” the hunter mumbled. Kylo grumbled to himself and stalked to the door, truly angry at Poe for the first time since the hunter’s arrival. What business does he have interfering with my family life? If I wanted to see my father, I would, Kylo fumed as he pushed the door open and started for his mother’s house without waiting for the other man to catch up. And of course Maz thinks he’s good, and so does Mother. He’s perfect . They probably both want to adopt him—he’d be a better son than I am, at any rate. “Kylo!” Poe called from somewhere behind him. “Wait, please!” Kylo almost didn’t wait, but then he stopped walking and stood still. Poe jogged up beside him, then when Kylo didn’t look at him, moved in front of him into Kylo’s line of vision. “Did I make you angry?” Poe asked. Kylo didn’t answer directly; instead, he glared over Poe’s head and muttered, “You don’t need to get yourself involved in my family.” “You weren’t going to do what your mother asked,” Poe argued, “so I did.” “It’s not your affair!” Kylo snapped. Poe retorted, “If you want me to stay here with you, then your family is my affair!” When Kylo finally looked down, Poe’s brows were lowered over his eyes, giving him the same belligerent expression he’d had when they first met in town. He’s as stubborn as I am, Kylo thought, but I already knew that. Kylo’s first instinct was to respond with something hurtful that he didn’t mean, maybe to tell Poe he shouldn’t stay after all; that was exactly how Kylo would have lashed out at his parents or one of their friends. But then he imagined telling Poe to leave, and Poe actually doing it, and Kylo losing him forever all because he couldn’t control his temper. Something in Kylo’s face must have relaxed, showing that his resolve had wavered, because Poe’s expression softened as well. The hunter said in a quieter voice, “I know you don’t wish to see your father, or to spend time with your mother. But Ben, I would give years off my life to be able to spend just a few minutes more with either of my parents.” “I’m sure your parents were nothing like mine,” muttered Kylo, but then he realized something. “You. . . you called me Ben.” Poe’s face colored, and he mumbled, “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. It’s only that your mother always uses that name for you, and I—” He broke off and only repeated, “I didn’t mean to.” Poe had dropped his eyes as if ashamed, and Kylo remembered what he had witnessed in his scrying the night before, how Poe had appeared to be crying out Kylo’s birthname. . . his birthname and the words, “I love you.” “Would you prefer to call me Ben? Do you like that name better?” Kylo whispered. Poe’s eyes darted back up to meet his, confused and still a bit embarrassed. “I, um. . . I think Benjamin, Ben is a lovely name,” Poe admitted. “But I don’t wish to—to disrespect you. You’re already angry enough at me.” “Poe, I’m not angry with you,” sighed Kylo, and it was the truth. As frustrated as the hunter made him feel, Kylo couldn’t stay upset with Poe. He lifted his free hand to rest it on the smaller man’s shoulder and squeezed it. “I—I’m sorry I lost my temper. And you may call me whatever you’d like. Any name for me sounds perfect spoken in your voice.” “Oh, stop,” Poe said, but he was smiling now, and his blush deepened. Kylo smiled too, to see it. “In my dreams, you called me—you called me Ben.” Kylo had started to say something different: a pet name which Poe had begun to call him when they were children and continued to use as a term of endearment throughout their years as lovers. But at the last second, Kylo changed his mind and said “Ben” instead. If he ever calls me that other name, without me telling him what it is, I’ll know that he’s remembered our dreams, Kylo thought. But he hadn’t lied; Poe did call him Ben in their shared dreams, as well. “In your dreams?” Poe repeated. “Is that. . . is that what you prefer?” Kylo realized that he did. “Kylo Ren” truly was his witch name (though chosen by himself, not bestowed upon him by the devil as most people believed), and it felt unfitting for his beloved witch hunter to speak it. “Yes,” he whispered. “I want everything to be like in my dreams of you.” “Then I’ll call you Ben,” Poe murmured. He turned his head toward Kylo’s hand still resting on his shoulder, as if he were thinking of caressing it, but then his eyes fixed on something behind Kylo. “Um, people are looking at us,” he stammered. Poe took a step backward at the same time as Kylo drew back his hand. Kylo looked over his shoulder and saw two of the younger girls who lived in the settlement staring at them, wide-eyed. They might have only been surprised to see Kylo out in town, or they might have been admiring the handsome newcomer. Most likely, though, they were staring at the combination of the two, and how Kylo’s hand had touched Poe’s shoulder. Kylo gave the girls a glare they probably didn’t deserve, and both cowered, shot him terrified looks, and hurried on their way. Poe laughed weakly. “Don’t go scaring the townsfolk, or they might decide you’re a witch after all, test or no test,” he said. Kylo turned back to him and looked down into Poe’s low-lidded brown eyes. “Come, let’s go in,” Kylo told him. “I’m sure Mother is waiting.” He wanted to be alone with Poe, truly alone without any nosy villagers to watch them. He knew that wasn’t likely to happen in his mother’s house, but the sooner they went in, the sooner they could get out again. . . hopefully out the back, where no one would see them. “All right. . . Ben.” Poe smiled again with a hint of mischief in both the sparkle of his eyes and the curve of the lips Kylo already longed to kiss once more. Kylo decided it was indeed mischief he’d seen, when Poe drew the lower of those lips between his teeth. His mouth left it glistening before he turned away and started for the house at the top of the hill, leaving Kylo to catch up. -- To be continued Chapter 10 When Poe and Ben got to Mistress Organa’s house, the manservant Threepio met them at the door. He exclaimed and fussed over Ben, which of course Ben hated, and insisted on taking both of Poe’s bags. “Come, Master Dameron,” the older man clucked. “Mistress Leia said you’ll be staying with us, so I’ll show you to the guest room upstairs.” “I’ll show him,” Ben muttered as he tried to take Poe’s larger bag back from Threepio, but his mother had appeared in the foyer, and she spoke over him. “Ben, I need you down here,” she interrupted. “You can entrust Poe to someone else’s care for a few moments at least.” Ben flushed and grumbled, but Poe smiled as he followed Threepio upstairs. The guest room was small but better furnished than the barracks where Poe lived back at the headquarters of the Hunters’ Council. Threepio set Poe’s bags down on the floor beside the quilt-covered bed, then proceeded to show Poe the wardrobe, basin, and everything else the hunter could clearly see on his own. Poe let him chatter in order to give Mistress Organa more time alone with her son. Ben probably won’t be very happy with me, Poe thought, but they need to talk to each other. He smiled again as he remembered Ben shouting that his family wasn’t Poe’s affair. When have I ever minded my own affairs? Still talking, Threepio was herding Poe back out of the room onto the small landing of the house’s second story. As Poe followed, the older man gestured to the only other upstairs door, one set at a right angle to that of the guest room. “That was Master Ben’s room,” Threepio said, “before he left home.” He frowned at the closed door. “Mistress Leia wouldn’t let anyone disturb a single thing in there, so it’s all just as he left it. He never even took anything out of his room when he returned. In fact. . . this is the first time he’s set foot in this house in over a decade.” “I see,” Poe murmured, and he wondered just what had caused such a rift between Ben and his parents. It had to be more than just his missing friend, or whatever the bastard boy had been to him. That line of thought distracted Poe further: What were they to each other? He remembered the pained, almost sickened expression on Ben’s face when Poe brought up the other boy’s disappearance, and for the first time since meeting Ben, Poe felt a twinge of jealousy. “Master Dameron?” Threepio prompted loudly, jolting Poe out of his thoughts. “I-I’m sorry, what?” Poe stammered. The servant huffed, “I was asking if you knew whether Master Ben intends to spend the night here. Mistress Leia said this morning that she would try to bring him back to town with her, but I hardly expected her to succeed! I suppose it’s that good influence of yours that she’s always going on about.” Poe felt his face flush as he asked, “My good influence?” “Oh yes, ever since she wrote to you and asked you to come, it’s all she’s talked about!” From Threepio’s expression, Poe could guess that the servant didn’t set quite so much store by his abilities. Threepio continued, “She’s remained certain that you could set things right with him. I think it will take far more than an acquittal to make Master Ben back into a civil young man, but no one asked my opinion.” “Oh,” mumbled Poe. He was inclined to agree that he alone would not be enough to mend Ben’s broken family—or, for that matter, to make Ben into a “civil young man”—and he pondered why Mistress Organa might think so highly of him, before they had ever met. He told Threepio, “Well, to answer your question, I believe Ben does intend to spend the night.” “Ah. In that case, I suppose that if you need anything during the night, you can wake him , since he’ll be right here,” Threepio declared. “I’ll be sure to do that,” Poe chuckled. Threepio finally led him back downstairs, where Mistress Organa’s cook was setting out the noon meal on the large table in the house’s main room, near the fireplace. Poe wasn’t especially hungry—the big meals he’d been having at the inn had finally caught up to him—but the sight of Ben slumped in a chair at the table lured Poe over. He sat down in the chair beside Ben’s, and when the larger man looked up, Poe smiled at him. A small, answering smile formed on Ben’s lips. “Do you think you’ll be comfortable enough here?” he asked softly. “Of course,” Poe assured him. “And Threepio showed me where your room is—next to mine. He said that if I needed something in the night, I should wake you up.” Ben’s cheeks reddened, but his smile grew a bit. “You should,” he whispered. “I’ll give you whatever you need, Poe.” He broke off when the cook reentered with a pot of venison stew. Poe found his appetite returning when he smelled it, and once Mistress Organa joined them, he started inhaling his meal. Ben barely touched his own food, but when Poe glanced up, the other man was watching him fondly. “You must like venison,” Ben observed. “That’s fortunate, since hunting’s the only useful thing my father does.” “Ben,” sighed Mistress Organa, “don’t start.” Still, she admitted to Poe, “He does spend quite a bit of time out hunting with Maz’s husband. Have you met Ben’s father yet?” “Not really,” mumbled Poe. “He was at the inn last night, but we didn’t speak.” “You were fortunate,” said Ben. “Well,” Ben’s mother went on, as if Ben hadn’t spoken, “you’ll get to meet Han this evening. It will be nice to have him home for once.” She cast a sharp look at her son, and this time, he kept quiet. After they finished their meal, Ben drew Poe aside and murmured, “Would you like to take a walk with me? I know it’s cold out, but it’s been so long since I’ve been home—I’d like to see how the land has changed.” “Of course, I’d enjoy it,” Poe told him. He thought he’d probably enjoy doing anything at all with Ben, but he was also curious about the property owned by the Solo and Organa family—was their land as expansive as their home? Ben shrugged into his coat and directed Poe through the kitchen to a back door leading outside, without a word to his mother about where he was going. Mistress Organa, who was in the kitchen discussing the evening meal with the cook, looked after her son with a raised eyebrow. Poe took pity on her and paused to tell her their plans, and she responded with that knowing smile of hers, the one which indicated she had a good idea about what her son and Poe felt for one another. At least she approves of me, Poe thought with some embarrassment as he wrapped himself in his cloak and followed Ben outside into the cold, dry air once more. Although I can’t understand why—why she would approve of her son loving another man. Soon though, he forgot all about Mistress Organa; he was too overwhelmed by the vast stretch of open pasture behind her house. The hill on which the house perched sloped downwards more gently in back than in front, and both the hill and a spread of land beyond it were fenced in. Ben approached a stile set in the fence, mounted it, then turned and leaned down from the top to hold out his hand to Poe. “I can climb a stile without assistance,” Poe pointed out. He managed to keep a straight face at first, although he found it amusing that Ben treated him like some young girl he was courting. But then Ben’s own face fell in a hurt expression, and he started to withdraw his hand, so Poe let his smile surface. “Thank you, though,” he murmured. He put his gloved hand in Ben’s and let the larger man lead him over the stile into the pasture. Ben gave him a rather confused look that softened into a smile of his own when Poe kept hold of his hand as they walked. “I had wondered if this tree was still here,” Ben said as they neared a huge, solitary oak some distance from the house. “It was always my favorite. . . and yes, it seems to have done all right for itself.” It had indeed, Poe thought, and he wondered how old the oak must be to have grown so massive. Most of its leaves had already dropped in the unnaturally cold autumn, but large clumps of mistletoe adorned the otherwise bare branches. Ben saw Poe looking up at the parasitic plant and said, “Mistletoe has been considered sacred for thousands of years, by many of the ancient cultures who knew magic. It’s particularly powerful when found growing on an oak tree.” “I wonder how the oak feels about it,” Poe commented. Ben frowned. “Poe, I’m being serious.” So am I, thought Poe, but he didn’t say it. “Why is it sacred?” he asked instead. Ben relaxed, and Poe realized that he enjoyed showing off his knowledge. I’ll have to remember that, Poe decided, hiding another smile. It’s a good way to placate him when he’s annoyed with me. “Mistletoe is believed to bring fertility and love,” Ben said, “as well as peace, and it wards off evil.” He looked down into Poe’s eyes and added, “A kiss beneath it will bring happiness and long life to the couple who shares it.” Poe’s face felt very warm even in the cold air, and he reminded himself that he didn’t believe in magic. But when Ben took a step closer to him and rested his hands on Poe’s shoulders, Poe didn’t protest; in fact, he tilted his face upwards in expectation of the kiss Ben seemed to be suggesting. He heard Ben give a soft chuckle before bending his head to touch his lips to Poe’s. To Poe’s surprise, Ben did not try to deepen the kiss or hold him longer. Instead, he released Poe after that single touch and stepped away. Poe scolded himself for the disappointment he felt— I’m supposed to be discouraging this kind of behavior, not wanting it! he thought—but he couldn’t help being pleased when Ben reached for his hand again as they walked on. “There’s something else I want to show you,” Ben told him when they reached the back fence of the pasture, where the open land ended. The dreaded forest ran up to the fence, though the growth of trees wasn’t as dense as near Ben’s cottage. Ben frowned in thought as he regarded the overgrown fence; then he choose the clearest spot and clambered over it. “Can you follow me?” he asked, looking back at Poe. Poe scrambled after him, silently cursing his shorter legs. “What is it you want to show me in the middle of the woods?” Poe demanded as Ben trudged through the underbrush and into the trees. “It’s not in the middle of the woods,” retorted Ben. “It’s hardly any distance at all, in fact—but it’s where I used to come to play when I was a child.” “Oh,” Poe breathed, finding himself eager to see the spot after all. The thought of Ben ever being a child intrigued Poe, as did learning more about him. Ben tramped down some brown, leafless vines and young trees, and held others aside until Poe passed, until finally they reached a clearing—or what must have been a clearing at one time. “It’s become overgrown,” Ben sighed, “and of course, it’s nearly winter—years ago, in the summer, it was beautiful.” He seemed disappointed, even a little ashamed, and he turned away from Poe and began pulling up a few of the offending plants who had staked their claim in his absence. “It’s still beautiful,” Poe whispered. And it was: despite the bare branches of the surrounding deciduous trees, many evergreens ringed the area to bestow it with color, and a carpet of moss and lichen had spread over the ground in the clearing. Poe could imagine a little of how magical such a spot must have felt to a child—particularly a misunderstood child who wanted to escape everyone else for a while. Ben finished clearing one corner of debris, and he stopped to look at Poe as the hunter thought about Ben’s past. “Here,” Ben finally said, gently, as he gestured for Poe to come over. “You can sit down—it’s dry.” Poe went to him and sat on the ground, but then Ben moved away from him again and started to clear another spot some feet away. “You’re not going to sit with me?” Poe asked. The question came out more petulant than he intended, and Ben cast a smile at him over his shoulder. “In a moment, but I thought we might get cold,” he said, “so I’m going to make a fire.” “Oh. That’s a good idea,” mumbled Poe. Ben turned back to his work, piling up dried brush into the spot he’d cleared so the fire couldn’t spread. His back hid most of his actions from Poe, who didn’t see him take out or strike a flint, but a moment later Ben had the little fire going. He got back to his feet and returned to Poe, then lowered himself to sit just behind the smaller man with his long legs to either side. Poe scolded himself for the second time that afternoon when a shiver of excitement went through him at the thought of Ben’s body so close to his own. “Are you cold?” Ben murmured. To hide the real cause of his trembling, Poe said, “A little, but the fire’s getting warmer. I’ll be fine.” He paused, sucking his lower lip between his teeth, then added, “Thank you for your concern for me.” “I want you to be warm, Poe,” replied Ben, in the same soft tone as before. “Warm, and cared for, and happy.” Despite the brevity of their kiss beneath the oak and the mistletoe, Ben seemed to want to be close to Poe, for he suddenly slid his arms beneath the smaller man’s and wrapped them around Poe’s chest. When he pulled Poe back against him, the hunter leaned back willingly. Even through their layers of clothing, Ben felt warm to him. Poe tilted his head back to rest on Ben’s shoulder, and Ben touched his lips to the curls on the side of Poe’s head. “Yesterday, when you tested me, you didn’t let me finish my recitation of the Scripture,” murmured Ben. “Will you allow me to continue now?” “All right,” Poe said faintly, hardly aware of what Ben was saying; all his senses were overwhelmed by the other man’s limbs and body surrounding him. “My love, behold, thou art fair,” Ben whispered against Poe’s ear. “Behold, thou art fair, thine eyes are like the doves.” He began to kiss Poe again, not his mouth but the side of his face, from his temple down along his cheek to his jaw. When Ben reached the side of Poe’s chin, he continued, “My well-beloved, behold, thou art fair, and pleasant.” Poe didn’t stop him this time, and the next words seemed to have been written for them out there in the woods: “Also our bed is green. The beams of our house are cedars, our rafters are of fir.” Poe turned his head to look at Ben, whose face was so close, Poe’s eyes could barely focus on it. Catching sight of the tiny bruise that had formed on Ben’s cheek, Poe remembered him looking down and saying, “I have many blemishes.” “Thou art all fair, my love,” Poe quoted before he could second-guess the impulse, “and there is no spot in thee.” Ben drew in a breath of surprise, then tilted his head forward to kiss Poe’s lips. This time, he tried to push his tongue between them, but Poe drew back playfully. Ben made an impatient, frustrated noise yet smiled all the same and hugged Poe closer to his chest. “My dove that art in the holes of the rock, in the secret places of the stairs, show me thy sight,” Ben whispered. “Let me hear thy voice, for thy voice is sweet and thy sight comely.” “I am my well-beloved’s, and his desire is toward me,” Poe whispered back. Ben exhaled again, in a faint laugh this time. “My desire is toward you indeed,” he murmured, breaking the chain of Scriptural quotations. “Poe. . . .” When he bent his head forward again, Poe met Ben’s lips and parted his own willingly, and Ben kissed him deeply. The feeling of Ben’s tongue in his mouth and their lips locked together sent desire down through Poe as well. He heard himself moan and had a fleeting second in which to feel embarrassed and guilty about it before he forgot everything. While Ben kissed him, nothing else mattered, and Poe could believe that the Lord truly had destined them for one another. Poe reached back with one arm and, somewhat awkwardly, hooked it around Ben’s shoulders to hold the other man closer. One of Ben’s hands dropped from Poe’s chest to rub his abdomen through his cloak, and Poe felt himself begin to come erect. He flushed with renewed shame at how easily aroused he was. If he knew what I’d done to myself last night, thinking of him touching me like that! Poe lamented. He’d have no respect for me at all. . . . But then he forgot it all over again in the pleasure of Ben’s kisses. Finally, Ben drew back to catch his breath. As his breathing slowed, he looked into Poe’s eyes and whispered, “In my bed by night I sought him that my soul loved, I sought him, but I found him not.” He pulled Poe fully into his arms so that Poe’s head rested on his shoulder. “Then I found him whom my soul loved. I took hold on him and left him not, till I had brought him unto my mother’s house.” “Ben,” Poe murmured against his neck. Ben made a soft sound when Poe’s lips brushed his skin, as lightly as his fingertips had brushed it during Ben’s trial. Remembering the dream in which he searched Ben’s flesh with his mouth, Poe pressed a hesitant kiss to Ben’s throat, and the larger man moaned. “Oh God, Poe, please!” Ben hissed. Poe opened his mouth and caressed Ben a second time, tasting his skin, and once he began, he couldn’t stop. As Poe kissed and occasionally nipped at his neck, Ben’s hand dipped lower. Poe hardly noticed until the other man’s fingers delved between the folds of his cloak and pressed between his legs with only Poe’s pants between them and his erection. Poe gasped and froze, and his humiliation only worsened when Ben breathed, “Mmn, Poe. . . you’re so hard.” “I’m sorry!” Poe nearly wailed, squeezing his eyes shut. “I-I can’t—when you kiss me, I can’t stop it.” “Poe, why on earth should you be sorry ?” Ben sounded as if he might be fighting back laughter, and Poe hovered between relief that Ben hadn’t castigated him, and still more embarrassment that Ben apparently found him terribly naïve. Ben hadn’t moved his hand, neither drawing it back nor rubbing Poe with it, and he asked more questions: “Do you want me to touch you? Or do you want me to stop? I won’t touch you if you don’t wish it.” “I. . . I want—” Poe swallowed and mumbled into Ben’s neck, “I want you to touch me. It’s wrong, but I want you to touch me there!” He felt Ben’s fingers shift, stroking up the length of his erection in one slow movement, as Ben whispered, “It isn’t wrong. We wouldn’t be capable of feeling pleasure like this if it were always wrong.” He cupped his hand over Poe’s groin and pressed more firmly; the resulting sensation made Poe whimper and rock his hips up against Ben’s hand involuntarily. “It isn’t wrong,” Ben repeated in a tone as firm as his touch, “for human beings to know one another if it’s done in love. That’s what separates us from animals—we have the choice whether or not to act, and whether to act out of base instinct or out of caring for one another.” He bent his head over Poe’s and began to caress the hunter’s face once more as his hand moved between Poe’s legs. He murmured, “I care for you, Poe, and I’ve waited my entire life for you. God has led you to me, so loving you can’t be a sin.” Does he truly love me? Poe wondered dimly, as much as his brain could function through the haze of pleasure Ben was bringing him. All the “my well-beloveds” were only quotations of Solomon’s words, but he says this is loving me. . . . Then Ben’s fingers tightened, squeezing Poe’s erection, and all thought fled. “A-ahh, Ben!” gasped Poe. “I want to touch your bare flesh, Poe,” Ben said in a low voice that was little more than a growl. “To take off my glove and put my hand under your clothing and touch you until your seed spills through my fingers—” “Ben, no,” Poe managed to stammer before he begged, “Ben, yes!” like he wanted to do. He could allow Ben’s hand on him like this, but to be uncovered, bared to Ben’s touch—that was too dangerous. Poe whispered, “Please—please stop.” He felt a shudder move though Ben’s body, but the larger man did what he asked: he released his grip on Poe’s erection and put his hand back to Poe’s chest, not even on his stomach this time. Poe’s cock was left painfully hard, almost throbbing, and he literally had to pray for strength to keep from begging for the depraved act Ben had suggested. Now Ben was the one to mutter an apology: “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have—shouldn’t have touched you, shouldn’t have brought you out here.” “No, Ben—I want to be here with you,” Poe assured him in a trembling voice, “and I want for you to hold me. Just please, don’t be angry with me for not wanting more.” Ben sighed, “Of course I’m not angry with you, Poe.” He pressed his face into Poe’s curly hair and mumbled, “But I can almost believe that you do want more, and I want so much to give it to you.” Poe hesitated before he finally admitted in a whisper, “I’m ashamed of what I want, because I have so little control of myself, becoming a-aroused—” He could hardly even say it. “—so easily. You must think I’m a. . . a whore.” “Poe! Do you really believe that?” Ben drew back enough to look down at Poe and cupped the side of smaller man’s face in one large hand. “My dove, don’t you know how easily you arouse me ? You must, you saw what happened when you examined me yesterday.” “But I was touching you there,” Poe protested. Ben’s lips twitched in a slight smile. “Yes, you were. And then after you took your hand away and had me sit down, when you were on your knees before me, running your hands over my legs—I was so hard for you, Poe,” Ben whispered. “You don’t need to touch me there for me to want you.” “Oh,” was all Poe could say, hoarsely. Ben drew him close again and told him, “Believe that I want you, Poe, as much as you want me. . . likely far more. When you are ready, you have only to say the word, and I’ll devote myself to your pleasure and satisfaction. But until then, I’ll consider myself blessed if I can hold you—if I can ‘see thy sight’ and ‘hear thy voice.’” Poe huddled there in Ben’s arms, and Ben held him through the afternoon, until their limbs grew stiff and even their small fire couldn’t hold back the cold that encircled them as the sun sank low in the sky. They talked some, but not about anything important: Poe related a few of the funnier mishaps he’d experienced in his years as a witch hunter, and Ben told Poe about how he passed the time on all the days he’d spent alone in the cottage near the woods. He did not speak of the years he’d been gone to the so-called “coven,” nor of what his life had been like before he’d left home. For as little as Poe knew, Ben’s life might as well have begun on the last All Hallows’ Eve, the night Ben called Samhain. Finally, when Poe began to shiver under his cloak despite the warmth of Ben’s body, Ben insisted that they return to his mother’s house. Poe protested a bit, not wanting their afternoon together to end, but he had to admit that he was cold, and hungry, when Ben laughed and challenged him. Ben stamped out what few embers of the fire still burned; then he took Poe’s hand, and they began the return trek out of the forest and across the pasture. They were only halfway back when the loud ringing of what must have been a very large bell sounded through the deepening twilight. “Ugh,” Ben said with a cringe. “I’d forgotten about that blasted bell.” “What does it mean?” Poe asked him. The vague concern he felt changed to amusement at Ben’s answer. “Dinner,” he muttered. “Mother always embarrassed the hell out of me, ringing that thing. You can hear it all through town.” In spite of Ben’s chagrin, Poe snickered. “She must be very concerned about your nutrition.” “It’s not just for me—in the warmer part of the year, she has farmhands working for her. And of course there’s my father, off to God knows where,” Ben sighed. They had reached the stile, and he escorted Poe over it as before, letting go of the smaller man’s hand after. Poe caught himself feeling hurt, although he wasn’t sure he himself wanted anyone else to witness their affection for one another. But just before they reentered the house, Ben put a hand on Poe’s shoulder and stopped him. When Poe looked up at him curiously, Ben whispered, “May I have one more kiss?” “Yes,” Poe breathed and leaned up to grant it. -- To be continued Chapter 11 Dinner was difficult. Kylo’s father, Han Solo, had apparently gotten the message Poe relayed to Maz, for he was sitting at the table when Kylo and Poe came in. Leia’s cook had laid out dinner, and Han had started to reach for a piece of bread when he looked up and saw his son. Han drew his hand back. His eyes moved from Kylo to Poe, then back again. “Ben,” he muttered. Kylo did not respond to him and busied himself instead with seating Poe at the table. Han watched them, but before he spoke again, Leia entered the room. Her own eyes swept over the three awkward men; then she smiled at Poe. “Did you have a good afternoon?” she asked him as she sat down at the table, across from Kylo and next to her husband. “Yes, mistress,” Poe said. Kylo could almost physically feel him relax, although a second later, Poe’s cheeks flushed slightly. Probably remembering what we did out there, Kylo thought, and then he flushed too. Poe continued to Leia, “Your land is lovely. I enjoyed seeing it.” “Thank you, Poe. This unseasonable cold cut our harvest short this year, or else you might have gotten to see more than some dead grass and bare branches,” Leia commented. As they ate their meal—more venison, roasted this time—she kept trying to make conversation, but she and Poe ended up doing most of the talking. Kylo glared down at his plate, although after months of eating meagre meals alone, the food did taste delicious. But he could just imagine all the questions his father was dying to ask, and Kylo wanted no part of them. By the time they’d finished dinner, night had fallen, and Threepio lit some lamps to supplement the warm glow from the fireplace. Han got up from the table as if attempting to escape, but a stern look from Leia made him grimace and turn instead to sit in a large chair near the fire. “Please, go sit by the hearth,” Leia urged Poe. “I’ll join you three in a moment—I’m going to have Threepio light a fire upstairs in your room and start heating some water so you can bathe before you go to bed.” “Oh. . . thank you,” Poe murmured. “You too, Ben,” Leia added, as if Kylo hadn’t had the sense to wash everyday now that he lived on his own. But his irritation faded when he thought about Poe shirtless, with warm water running over the beautiful chest Kylo had only ever seen in his dreams. His mouth went dry, and he watched Poe go over to the fire and warm himself before sitting down on the brick hearth. Poe looked over at him with a pleading glance, and Kylo got up and went to sit beside him. Poe smiled, and Kylo forgot everything else. . . . Until Han cleared his throat and asked, “Poe, will you be leaving tomorrow, now that you’ve finished your tests?” “ Father ,” Kylo growled. “What?” Han groaned in exasperation at being scolded. Kylo glared at him, and his father glared right back until Kylo muttered, “We were hoping Poe would decide to stay here.” “Stay here? Why?” Han blurted out. Kylo’s face grew hot. “I’ve gotten fond of him,” Leia answered as she came back into the room. “And it’s not any kind of life for a young man, traveling all the time with no real home to come back to.” Han replied, “I don’t know, sounds pretty exciting to me,” with a hint of wistfulness in his voice. “I did quite a lot of travelling at your age, Poe.” Kylo cursed him silently (though not, of course, literally—he’d learned how quickly real curses could get out of hand). “Yes, I’ve been many places,” Poe finally managed to speak for himself. “But as much as I appreciate your kindness, Mistress Organa, Master Solo is right—I must return to the hunters’ council tomorrow and make my report.” At his words, Kylo felt an almost physical ache in his heart. He’d hoped that somehow, the time they’d spent together that afternoon had changed Poe’s mind. . . that by some miracle, Poe had fallen in love with him in a day and decided to stay. But of course not, you fool, Kylo thought, now cursing himself instead of his father. He looked down at the bricks of the hearth and blinked back the burning tears in his eyes. He wouldn’t even let me touch him intimately—of course he won’t stay with me. Meanwhile, Han was oblivious to his son’s suffering, and he chatted with Poe amicably, asking, “What kind of report do you have to make? How do you hunters operate, anyway?” “We go where we’re sent by the council,” Poe answered him. “This case was unusual, because Mistress Organa wrote directly to me, but when they saw the letter, the council agreed to send me here.” “This case,” Kylo brooded. As if I’m only a case to him. . . . Poe continued, “When I return to the council, I’ll write out a report of my findings—the tests I made and the outcome of the trial. That the elders found Ben innocent.” Out of the corner of his eye, Kylo saw Poe glance at him, but Kylo kept his eyes fixed on the hearth. “I’ll give my report to my direct superior, Mistress Phasma. She keeps the council informed on her subordinate hunters’ activities, so she’ll speak with them if she feels there’s a need. I doubt she will, however. To her, there will be nothing notable to report.” His words didn’t make Kylo feel any better. “‘Mistress’? Your superior is a lady?” Han asked with surprise. Kylo hadn’t known it either, and he finally looked up as Poe answered. “She might object to being called a ‘lady,’” he said with a little smile. “She’d be offended if anyone dared to call her delicate or feminine—but yes, she is a woman. She’s an excellent hunter, and one of the strongest fighters I’ve ever encountered. I would trust her with my life.” Kylo might have felt some jealousy over Poe’s praise of Mistress Phasma, but the admiration on Poe’s face as he spoke was fraternal, almost filial. He clearly respected his superior, but he wasn’t in love with her. Han and Leia asked him some other questions about his work; then Leia’s questions turned to focus on her husband and where he had been the past few days. Kylo secretly reveled in seeing his father under scrutiny, not least because it meant no one was scrutinizing him . As his parents talked, Kylo snuck another glance at Poe, only to find the hunter looking back at him. The firelight reflected in Poe’s mahogany-colored eyes and glowed off his face as he gazed at Kylo from under his half-lowered lids. Kylo was surprised that Poe didn’t look away from embarrassment when their eyes met, but this time, Poe did not seemed shamed by his desire for the other man. Suddenly desperate to get Poe alone, Kylo murmured, “Are you tired? The water for your bath should be ready by now if you’d like to retire.” Poe’s eyes dropped from his for an instant, but then they returned, and Poe nodded. “Yes,” he said in little more than a whisper. “I’d like that.” “I’ll take you upstairs,” Kylo told him. His heart began to beat faster as he got to his feet and reached down a hand to help Poe up. Then Kylo realized that both his parents had fallen silent and were watching the two young men. Kylo tried not to look at either of them. “You’re going to bed so early?” Han finally asked. “Y-yes sir,” Poe stammered, “I, ah—I’m very tired. The past few days have been stressful for me and for. . . for Ben as well, I’m sure.” He gave Leia a deep nod, almost a bow. “Goodnight, mistress, and thank you for your kindness in letting me stay here.” “You’re very welcome, Poe,” she replied. “Goodnight. And goodnight, Ben.” “Goodnight,” Kylo muttered as he walked briskly to the staircase, escaping before he had to speak again to his father. Poe followed him, but once they were alone upstairs, he stopped outside the door to his room without inviting Kylo inside, as Kylo had hoped he would. “I should bid you goodnight as well,” Poe murmured. Now he looked down at their feet, not into Kylo’s eyes. Kylo felt both frustrated and a little confused—had he so completely misread the way Poe looked at him?—but he forced himself to answer calmly rather than with anger. “Goodnight then, Poe.” He took Poe’s hand in his, brought it to his lips, and kissed first the backs of Poe’s fingers, then his palm. Poe permitted it, and Kylo dropped his hand when he’d finished. “You will wake me if you need anything?” Kylo asked. “Yes. Thank you, Ben.” Finally, Poe looked him in the eyes again, with what seemed to be desire still in his gaze. He leaned up to kiss the taller man’s cheek, then opened the door and disappeared into his room without another word. Kylo stood looking at the closed door for another moment before he went to his own former bedroom. Everything inside was just as he’d left it, eleven years before—the wardrobe still holding what clothing Kylo hadn’t taken with him, the quilt his mother had made for him spread over the bed. Threepio had lit a fire in the small fireplace, as Leia had asked, and left water to warm in a kettle over it. Kylo sighed and latched his door—just in case the nosy servant, or Kylo’s equally nosy mother, felt the need to check on him—then undressed. He washed off briskly before he put his shirt back on and got into bed. The linen sheets felt icy cold at first, but they quickly warmed with his body heat. Kylo closed his eyes and thought of Poe lying only one room away from him, so close but so far from him at the same time. -- By the fireplace, Poe had wanted Ben, so suddenly and so desperately he completely intended to bring the other man into his room as soon as they got upstairs. . . but once there, Poe panicked. The glimpse of frustration he caught in Ben’s eyes pained him, yet Poe retreated to the safety of his room, alone, in spite of it. He bathed and put on a clean shirt, then sat down on the comfortable bed with his satchel. He took out his mother’s Bible, but then he saw the jar of Ben’s lotion and took that out too. He opened the Bible and tried to read as he rubbed the lotion into his hands. However, his mind wandered back to Ben, the way the firelight had looked glowing on his face and hair. Poe eventually gave up on his study. Instead, when he’d finished smoothing the lotion over his hands, he put away the jar and the Bible and got into bed. The down-stuffed mattress was soft, even softer than his bed in the inn, and Poe soon drifted into sleep, and into a familiar nightmare. Over the years that had passed since his mother’s death, Poe had often dreamed of her death (her murder , he sometimes thought resentfully upon waking, for a few moments at least before he fell into prayer asking for the Lord’s help in forgiving the hunter and magistrates who had caused her to drown). This night, Poe had the dream again, with one difference: it was Ben, not his mother, who was bound and cast into the lake, and Poe was not a child but a grown man. Yet he was still restrained by the town sheriff and prevented from running into the water after his loved one, just as he had been as a boy. At eight years of age, he would probably have only drowned himself rather than saved his mother, but in this dream, his inability to help Ben made things worse because while Poe hated the water, he could swim. He might have been able to rescue Ben if he could only break free from the sheriff’s grip. And beyond all that, Poe felt an abiding sense of guilt which lingered even after he awoke, startled from sleep by his own scream. In the dream, he was certain that he was the cause of Ben’s suffering. Poe couldn’t have said why—maybe because he had failed to acquit Ben, or because he wasn’t strong enough to free himself and go to his beloved’s aid. But whatever the reason, Poe felt that Ben was dying, and he was to blame. Poe sat up in bed and looked wildly around the unfamiliar room, barely visible now in what little light came from the dying fire. Everything was calm and still, but guilt and fear suffused him anyway. He felt that somehow, Ben was still in danger, still suffering. He seems to set such store in dreams, Poe thought as he clutched his bed’s quilt to his chest. What if it means something really is wrong? He let go of the quilt and crept out of bed with a shiver as the cool air hit his bare legs and feet. Poe’s pride made him hesitant to go to Ben, but the dream had so shaken him, he was desperate to know that the other man was all right—and besides, Poe now found the thought of being alone all night unbearable. He slipped from his room and stood a moment before the door to Ben’s, then knocked on it. “Ben?” Poe called in a low voice. He wasn’t sure Ben would have heard either the knock or the call if he was sleeping, but after only a few seconds, the door open and Ben stood looking down at him. “Poe!” he whispered and pulled Poe into his arms. “What is it? I heard you cry out—” He broke off, alarmed, when his concern caused Poe to break down into tears. Poe felt humiliated at weeping so easily, and he hid his face in Ben’s shirt, but he couldn’t stop crying with relief and exhaustion. “You’re all right,” he mumbled against the larger man’s chest. “I—I dreamed—” “Shh.” One of Ben’s hands went to Poe’s hair and stroked it, and with the other at Poe’s back, he coaxed the hunter into his room. “Come in, it’s too cold for you to stand out here undressed.” Poe went willingly, huddling close as Ben shut and latched his door then pulled him to the bed. It was as soft and warm as Poe’s had been, and he began to feel better once he was lying at Ben’s side, covered in the quilt and wrapped in the other man’s arms. “What did you dream, my dove?” Ben murmured when Poe’s tears had ceased and they had lain still for a few moments. Poe tilted his face up on the pillow to look at him. “That they killed you.” Ben’s brows knit in concern. “That who killed me?” “The people who killed my mother,” Poe said. “I dream of her death often, but this time. . . it was you they were drowning, and I couldn’t save you. I tried, but they held me, yet I still—” He shuddered and closed his eyes, willing himself not to cry again. “It was still my fault! I wasn’t enough, I wasn’t good enough to save you—” “Poe, no. . . shh,” Ben hissed again. He pulled Poe tight against him, with Poe’s head cradled in the crook of his neck and shoulder, and caressed his brown curls. “Do not worry for my sake, they cannot harm me. And you are good enough, well-beloved, you have saved me. Dooku and the others pronounced me innocent, because of you .” “I still. . . I still feel. . . .” Poe began, but now his fear was receding. Ben tugged on his hair to pull Poe’s head back again, then leaned his forehead against Poe’s. “And not only have you saved my life, you’ve saved me,” Ben whispered. “Before you came here, I was filled with despair. I felt like I was being torn apart—I didn’t know what I lived for, or why. But then I saw your face and felt your touch, and I knew I lived for you . Poe, our souls are intertwined for all eternity.” Poe’s lips moved, trying to form some reply, but no words came. We are soulmates, he managed to think, just as I longed for. . . . He truly believes it. Ben went on in his low, soft whisper, “You are my Jonathan, my Daniel. You are my sacrament, Poe, and I love you. I love you with all my heart.” “Ben,” Poe finally got out, “Ben—” His mouth had gone dry, and he closed it to swallow, wincing, then pressed his lips to the other man’s. He still felt some doubts—uncertainty not of what he felt, but that there was no sin in speaking it, or acting upon it. Yet his dream of losing Ben forever had made Poe realize just how that prospect terrified him. Ben kissed him, then without drawing back, Poe mumbled against his lips, “Ben, I love you. I don’t understand how I can, after only a few days, but I do , I love you. Tomorrow, I’ll return to the council and make my report, but then—then I’ll come back to you, I swear it.” “Poe!” Ben gasped. He pulled away just enough to look into Poe’s eyes; Ben’s own were wide and very dark in the dim light. “Do you mean that? You love me and you’ll—you’ll stay with me?” When Poe nodded, Ben’s mouth broke into a smile even though he asked, “But what about your calling? The hunting God led you to do?” “I. . . I don’t know,” Poe admitted. “Maybe I am disobeying Him, I don’t know. But I can’t—I can’t stand to go on without you!” “You won’t have to.” Ben drew his hand through Poe’s curls to rest against the side of his face, stroking Poe’s cheek with his thumb. “Remember—‘much water cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it.’ No one can keep me from you, so long as you desire me.” “I do desire you,” murmured Poe. He turned his head to kiss Ben’s palm, then lifted his eyes back to the other man’s. “Ben, hold me, please.” Ben put both arms around him again and pulled him close. Poe felt Ben’s lips against the side of his neck, first merely resting there but then caressing his skin. When Poe tilted his head back to facilitate the caresses, Ben’s lips parted, and his tongue traced a damp trail up the tendon leading to Poe’s jaw. “You taste so sweet,” Ben whispered. He sucked on the skin at the back of Poe’s jaw, just below his ear, flicking his tongue over it. The touch of his mouth made Poe shiver and his skin break out in goosebumps. He tangled his fingers in Ben’s long hair and pulled, as Ben had done to him. “Please, I want to kiss you,” Poe begged. Ben gave a low, indulgent chuckle and said, “You can kiss me as much as you’d like, and I won’t complain.” He pressed their mouths together and drew Poe’s tongue in. Poe felt the same apprehension he had every other time they’d kissed, the notion that he should stop, that it was wrong. But this time, he pushed past it and kept going, and soon it faded into the back of his consciousness. Maybe that is how Satan works in us, Poe thought, even as he drove his tongue deep into his lover’s mouth. He urges us to ignore the Spirit, and each time we do it, it gets easier and easier. . . . But then Ben tightened his hold on him, and Poe was able to ignore that thought too. Ben shifted Poe onto his back and leaned over him, kissing Poe harder and faster and deeper. Poe could sense his restraint and how Ben was holding back—and finally, he didn’t want Ben to hold back; he wanted to feel the full force of the other man’s passion for him. Wrapping his own arms tightly around Ben’s back, Poe tugged him closer, coaxing Ben to lie on top of him. For an instant, Ben resisted, but when Poe whispered, “Please,” into his mouth, he shifted his weight completely onto Poe’s body and kissed Poe all the harder. Ben’s body felt warm and heavy as it pinned Poe down to the bed, but Poe felt curiously secure rather than confined or intimidated. Yet being covered by the larger man excited him too, and he realized he was coming erect beneath his shirt, and that that Ben would certainly feel it. Again Poe had to squelch his misgivings, this time a feeling of shame. That became easier when Ben started to rub against Poe, and Poe felt that he was hard too. Ben made a choked, groaning sound through their kisses as he thrust his hips downward against Poe’s. Even through their clothing, Poe could feel how firm he was— how firm and big , Poe realized. He hadn’t seen Ben’s full erection the day before, and imagining its size excited Poe further. He slid his hands down Ben’s back to grasp his hips and spread his own thighs so he could better feel the larger man’s thrusts. “Nngh, Poe!” Ben gasped. He drew back his head and stared down into Poe’s eyes. “Do you want—do you want me to touch you?” Poe’s face flushed with his shame, but he whispered, “Yes. And I want—I want to see you. All of you at once, not a little at a time with me having to pretend I don’t desire you.” Ben smiled again—albeit with a hint of predatory lust mixed in with the humor—and he sat back to kneel over Poe’s thighs. Poe saw his chest rise and fall as he took a deep breath; then Ben grasped the hem of his shirt and stripped it up and off over his head. His body was beautiful: lean yet muscular, very pale, marked with all the spots Poe had touched only the day before but with far different intentions than he held now as he reached up to lay his hands on Ben’s chest. He drew his fingertips down over Ben’s nipples—Ben gasped—to his abdomen, then past his hipbones to his thighs. “My well-beloved,” whispered Poe. His eyes fixed on Ben’s erection, which was every bit as magnificent as he’d imagined, if somewhat overwhelming. Poe wanted to touch that too, but he restrained himself from doing it without Ben’s permission. “My dove,” Ben whispered in return. “Please, let me uncover you too. I’ve seen little more than your face and hands, except in my dreams. . . and as beautiful as they are, I want to see all of you.” Poe bit his lip and nodded. He thought Ben’s hands might have shaken a little as he raised up on his knees so he could push Poe’s shirt up his thighs and hips. Poe closed his eyes as his body was exposed, but Ben undressed him gently, sliding an arm under Poe’s back to lift him up so Ben could pull his shirt off. Only when Ben laid him down on his back once more did Poe open his eyes and cast a nervous look up at the other man. “I don’t look like you,” Poe muttered. “I’m so much smaller—I mean, of course I’m shorter, but I’m smaller there too. And I’m so dark. . . .” “Poe, you are beautiful, all of you,” Ben reassured him. He bent over Poe to caress his throat, then drop kisses down his breastbone in between words. “‘Dark but comely,’ and your cock is perfect.” He hadn’t kissed lower than Poe’s waist, but Poe flushed hotly at his words. “Ben!” “What?” Ben looked up at him, with a little grin that grew when he saw Poe’s blush. “You don’t want me to call it that?” “I-it’s crude,” Poe protested. “I’ll call it your prick then,” Ben offered, and Poe dissolved into laughter. Ben laughed too and kissed his stomach again before murmuring, “I’ll call it whatever you like, my dove, if you’ll let me touch it, the way I wanted to in the forest.” Poe quivered at the prospect. “Yes,” he whispered. Ben sat up again and wrapped his long fingers around Poe’s shaft, then stroked slowly upward as Poe had done while examining him. Poe whimpered at the feeling of the first hand to touch him there besides his own. “Do you like that?” Ben asked him softly. “Oh yes,” Poe hissed. He arched his back slightly to thrust into Ben’s fist, then gasped when Ben pressed his lips to the head of his cock. “B-ben—!” Ben laughed again and sucked it into his mouth, pushing the foreskin back with his tongue and making Poe cry out wordlessly at the warm, wet sensation on his sensitive flesh. When Ben lifted his head again, Poe groaned, “Please, Ben!” “What do you want, my love?” Ben leaned over him again and trailed his fingers over Poe’s chest and stomach. “I want to touch you too.” Poe looked up at him, and when Ben nodded breathlessly, Poe closed his small, dark hand around his erection. Ben reclined on one elbow and watched. As Poe’s fingers moved over him, he groaned, and his cock swelled a little more, something Poe hadn’t believed possible. After only a moment, he gasped, “Oh God, Poe, stop!” Poe drew his hand back in alarm, and Ben gave a weak laugh. “You’ll make me climax if you keep on that way—I’ve wanted so much to feel your touch, it will all be over far too soon!” He put his arms around Poe again and pulled the smaller man up into his embrace once more. “Let me pleasure you instead, my sweet.” Poe kissed him and shuddered when he felt Ben’s hand caress his erection again; then he recalled the impression, or fantasy, or whatever it had been, of them lying together with Ben touching him in just that way. “Please, Ben,” Poe whispered, “like this. . . .” He turned to lie with his back pressed to Ben’s chest and tugged the larger man’s arms back around him; then he took Ben’s hand and, shyly, drew it back down to his groin. “Now, touch me.” “Poe. . . .” Ben’s voice sounded husky as he resumed his stroking. “Tell me. . . why, why like this?” Poe swallowed, too embarrassed to tell Ben the entire truth. “I. . . I imagined you holding me like this.” “Did you?” He felt one of Ben’s long legs hook over his thigh and hold him even closer. Ben’s grip tightened on his cock, and then Ben’s own erection pressed against his ass. Poe drew in a sharp breath at how big it felt against him. “Did you imagine this?” Ben whispered into his ear. He stroked Poe firmly with one hand and splayed the other over his chest, fingering a nipple. “Or did you remember it?” “Remember. . . .” Poe echoed with a faint groan of pleasure. His nipple stiffened, and Ben tugged it between his thumb and finger. “Did you remember our dreams, where I held you like this and told you how much I love you?” Our dreams. . . . Poe couldn’t speak; he was too overwhelmed with the sensations Ben’s hands were bringing him, and with the import of what Ben had murmured. He said he’d known me all his life, in his dreams—and for a moment last night, it was as if I remembered them too. . . . Ben didn’t seem to expect an answer. Instead of waiting for one, he caressed Poe’s ear, nibbling down the curve of the outside and sucking on the lobe. Poe had never thought of his ears as particularly erogenous, but Ben’s mouth set fire to his body wherever it touched. Soon enough, Poe forgot his shock at what Ben had said and fairly melted into pure bliss. As a delicious tension begin to build in Poe’s abdomen, Ben murmured into his ear, “I love you, Poe.” “Ben,” Poe gasped, “Ben, I love you! Touch me, please!” He had begun to rock his hips forward in time to Ben’s strokes, and each time Poe drew back, Ben thrust up against him, his shaft between Poe’s buttocks and the head pushing into the small of his back. “Yes, my well-beloved,” Ben moaned. His tongue flicked into the shell of Poe’s outer ear. “I’ll give you whatever you want, whatever you need.” He pumped Poe’s cock faster, sending pulses of pleasure all through him and increasing the pressure at the base of his shaft to almost painful heights. Poe was close to climaxing, and the feeling of Ben’s erection grinding against him only furthered his arousal. Through clenched teeth, Poe groaned, “Ben, I—I need—” He was too embarrassed to say it until Ben urged him. “What, Poe?” he nearly growled. He stopped the motion of his hand, and Poe whined with want. “Tell me what you need.” “Please, let me come!” cried Poe. “I need to come!” “Do it then, Poe, come for me!” Ben hissed as he resumed pumping Poe’s cock with long, firm strokes. He tugged sharply on Poe’s nipple then lifted his fingers to Poe’s mouth and thrust two of them in between his lips. They muffled Poe’s cries—in retrospect, Poe realized that had probably been a good thing, since otherwise, Ben’s parents might have heard them—and Poe sucked them deep into his mouth. “Mmmnngh!” Poe groaned around Ben’s fingers as he bucked forward into his other hand. Poe’s whole body shook with tremors when he finally climaxed, and he gave himself over entirely to the ecstasy flowing through him. He barely heard Ben moan into his hair, and only when Poe had finished and collapsed on his side did he realize that Ben was coming too. Poe felt the larger man shuddering against him and the heat of his semen shooting onto Poe’s lower back. “Nnngh, Poe,” Ben gasped. He kept thrusting a moment more, then lay still. He inhaled deeply before whispering, “You belong to me, my love, and I belong to you. We were made for each other, and I will always love you. . . always.” Poe trembled with bliss in his arms. But as the glow of Poe’s orgasm faded, the old, familiar guilt began to creep back in; he felt as if he’d done something terribly wrong. Then, for perhaps the first time, he fought back against it. No, Poe told himself, it wasn’t wrong—it isn’t wrong to be with him like this. He loves me, and I love him. . . as my own soul. God did make us for each other, He must have. When Ben drew his fingers from Poe’s mouth, Poe caught his hand and kissed it before he sat up shakily. Ben’s other hand still rested on his softening cock, and Poe flushed as he looked down at it. . . and at the cum coating his abdomen. “I’m afraid I’ve made a mess in your bed,” he mumbled, but Ben only laughed. “Only on yourself, not the bedclothes—and I’ve done worse to your back.” He sat up too and breathed, “You look lovely like this.” He pressed close to Poe’s back, spreading his own cum between them, and embraced Poe with one arm while he trailed the fingers of the other hand through the stickiness on Poe’s stomach. Then, to Poe’s amazement, Ben put his fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean. “Wh-what are you. . . Ben ,” Poe stammered. “I want to taste you,” Ben whispered in reply, “all of you.” He bent his head to kiss Poe’s neck and shoulder. “My love, if you’ll truly stay with me, I’ll bring you such pleasure, to every part of you. . . with every part of me. My fingers, my mouth, my—” “Shh!” Poe interrupted with a shaky laugh. “You’ll excite me again, talking like that.” “Is that such a terrible thing?” Ben chuckled. “But perhaps you’re right and we should rest instead.” He got up from the bed and drew Poe up after him, toward the kettle of bath water Ben had left near the fireplace. “Let me clean you off first, though.” Poe let Ben wash his back and stomach with the cooled water, but stopped him before Ben wiped his own abdomen clean. “Let me taste you too,” Poe whispered, though his face burned in a blush as he said it. Ben nodded, his eyes also burning, and Poe scooped a little of his cum onto his fingers and brought it to his lips. As he licked it off and swallowed it, despite the strong taste, he heard Ben make a low noise deep in his throat. Ben murmured, “So beautiful,” then caught Poe’s head in his hands and kissed him. After the kiss, he asked, “If I can’t have you now, will you let me please you once more in the morning, before we must part?” “Yes,” Poe whispered back. “Then I can think of it all the way back to the hunters’ council, and until I can be with you again.” -- When they were both clean, they got back in Kylo’s bed, and Poe fell asleep in his lover’s arms. Kylo, however, lay awake for some time with his cheek resting on Poe’s soft hair. He had never expected to win Poe that very night, not after the hunter had gone to his room alone, but now. . . . This is real, Kylo thought, and not a dream. He is here with me, and he says he will return to stay with me. . . to stay, to be mine always. He hardly dared to believe it. Kylo had too pessimistic a nature to believe that everything would be easy for him, even with Poe at his side. Despite his formal acquittal, he knew the townspeople would not trust him—might not ever trust him, even though they likely wouldn’t either drag him to the stake now that Dooku had proclaimed his innocence. Dooku . . . . Even the thought of the name made Kylo bitter. Dooku who’s as much a witch as I am—nay, even more of a witch. He’s been watching me ever since I returned here, waiting for me to make some mistake so they can reclaim me. He won’t let me go so easily—Snoke won’t let him. And Samhain is only two nights away now. That was of far more concern than the townspeople’s mistrust. The ordinary humans, even if they hated Kylo, could do him little real harm. The other witches, however, could , especially on their Sabbath. Perhaps it’s best that Poe does leave tomorrow, Kylo decided. He’ll be away from my protection, but he’ll be away from them . If Dooku got any inkling of what Poe is to me, he could be in real danger. By the time he does return to me, Samhain will be past, and he’ll be safer. Kylo drew Poe’s sleeping form a little closer to him and ran his fingertips over the tan skin of the hunter’s back, tracing a glyph of protection over it. My well-beloved, I’ll cast spells on you and everything that surrounds you, until not even Snoke himself can touch you , swore Kylo. Then when you come back to me, I’ll make you my bride and no one will ever separate us again. Finally satisfied for the time being, Kylo relaxed and allowed himself, for the first time, to sleep with his soulmate in his arms. -- To be continued Chapter 12 When Poe awoke the next morning, Ben was still sleeping. Poe luxuriated in the warmth of the other man’s body, sliding his arms around Ben’s broad chest and huddling close against him. They had slept unclothed, and thinking of that—not to mention what they’d done before sleeping—made Poe’s banished shame creep back into his mind, until he drove it off again with the memory of what Ben had whispered to him: You belong to me, my love, and I belong to you. We were made for each other, and I will always love you. . . always. Poe raised up on one elbow so he could see Ben’s face, and he stroked a lock of black hair back from the other man’s pale skin. The sun had barely risen, and it cast a weak ray of light into the room, just enough to allow Poe to see Ben’s features. He pressed kisses to Ben’s high forehead and the end of his large nose, then touched his mouth to Ben’s as well. Ben’s lips shifted against Poe’s, and he murmured Poe’s name questioningly. When Poe drew back, Ben’s eyes were open, focusing on him. “Poe,” Ben whispered again as he brought up one hand to the back of Poe’s head. He drew Poe back in for another kiss then said, “I thought this morning would never come, the day I’d wake up to find you beside me. . . yet here you are. Did you sleep well, my dove?” “Yes,” Poe told him. “I had no more nightmares.” “I’m glad.” Ben wrapped his arms around the smaller man and pulled him close to caress and nuzzle the side of his neck. Poe moaned faintly, without meaning to, and Ben chuckled, “It must still be early—I’m glad of that too, because that means I have time to make love to you as I promised, before we have to get up for breakfast.” “Hmph, is that all you think about?” Poe pretended to complain. “What? Breakfast?” “Ugh, you know what I mean.” Poe gasped as Ben nipped his neck, then stammered, “Y-you’re wicked, Benjamin Organa. . . so wicked.” He heard Ben’s breath quicken as Poe spoke his name; then Ben exhaled against his neck. “Then perhaps that’s why God destined you for me, Poe Dameron,” Ben said. He lay his head back against his pillow so that he could look up into Poe’s face, smiling. “He sent you here to make me good.” “I feel like the opposite is happening,” replied Poe as he echoed the smile. “Instead of me making you good, you’re making me become wicked.” “Oh?” Ben slid a hand down Poe’s body, along his side to begin rubbing his hip. “Does that mean you do want me to make love to you?” Poe hesitated, but not for long. “Yes,” he whispered, “please.” He thought Ben meant only to use his hand, but after a few moments of that, Ben coaxed Poe to lie back. Ben lay over him and kissed his chest, then worked his way downward under the bedclothes until he was caressing Poe’s erection. This time Poe didn’t stop him, despite how decadent the act felt, and he eventually climaxed in Ben’s mouth with his fingers laced into his lover’s long, dark hair. As the fog of ecstasy cleared from Poe’s head afterwards, he could feel Ben nuzzling his stomach and tracing patterns on his sides with long fingers. “Ben,” Poe mumbled. Ben lifted his head. “Yes, my dove?” “I. . . I don’t know.” Poe laughed shakily. “I suppose I never imagined anyone ever putting his mouth there , is all.” Ben laughed too and pulled himself up toward the head of the bed so he could look down into Poe’s face. “But you enjoyed it?” “‘Enjoy’ is hardly an adequate word to describe it,” Poe replied with a smile, “but yes. I did.” “Then there are a thousand other ways I can teach you to enjoy me,” Ben whispered. He put a fingertip to Poe’s forehead and swirled it over his tan skin before dipping it into the waves of his hair. “Other places I can put my mouth on you, and places on me where you can put yours. Things I can do to you with my fingers, and things you can do to me with every part of your exquisite body.” His deep voice had grown husky with desire as he spoke, reminding Poe that Ben hadn’t climaxed. Poe felt he ought to reciprocate somehow, but he wasn’t certain he wanted to do to Ben what Ben had done to him. . . not yet, anyhow. It seemed less sinful somehow to be the recipient of such pleasure than to give it; and beyond that, Poe wasn’t sure he knew how to do it. Ben was larger there than Poe was, and Poe’s mouth was smaller than Ben’s, and how on earth did one suck on—on that and breathe and then swallow the ejaculate, all at the same time? The thought of trying almost frightened Poe, and he hoped Ben wouldn’t ask him to do it. As if he could read Poe’s mind—or maybe just the look on Poe’s expressive face—Ben frowned and murmured, “Are you sure you enjoyed it?” “Yes, of course,” Poe assured him, then cast about for an excuse for his reticence. “It’s just that—that I had no idea there were so many ways for two men to make love.” Or, Poe realized, a man and a woman, for that matter. He supposed a man could do those things, or something equivalent, with a woman, but he couldn’t imagine any woman he knew doing them. Mistress Phasma would probably geld any man who even suggested it to her, Poe thought with a faint smile. Seeing it, Ben smiled too and asked, “What, then, did you think making love to a man entailed?” Poe’s amusement vanished, and he felt himself flush with shame. This time, its source was his own naïveté, and the fact that Ben seemed to be making fun of him. “I assumed you’d use your hand,” Poe said more sharply than he meant to, “or else sodomize me.” Ben’s brow knitted, and he looked away. “Poe, don’t call it that,” he muttered. “Why not? That’s what it is, isn’t it?” “No, it’s not! We talked about that, about what happened in Sodom.” Ben’s eyes locked on Poe’s again with a pained expression, although he was speaking as if Poe were a wayward child. “To call it sodomy is like saying that I’d be using you. . . raping you. I want to know you, Poe, but not like that, not if you don’t want it—not if it isn’t us becoming one.” As he spoke, Ben had put his hand back to Poe’s hair and was stroking it tenderly, soothingly. Poe wanted to lean his head into Ben’s touch, yet at the same time he still felt as if Ben were trying to placate him. “Have you really never had a lover before?” Poe asked. “Really,” Ben said. “I am a virgin, in every way. I’ve never so much as touched another person intimately, or been touched like that, before you.” “Then how do you know so much about—about such things, when I know so little?” challenged Poe. “How did you know what to do to me with your mouth?” Ben’s pale face reddened a bit. “I’ve read things,” he muttered. “Heard things. From books and people someone like you wouldn’t have been exposed to.” “Someone like me? What does that mean?” Ben sighed, and when he answered, his voice had taken on a tense quality. “Someone—someone devout, religious. . . a righteous witch hunter, in short.” “Someone naïve, you mean,” grumbled Poe, “and uneducated?” “No!” Ben half-shouted, half-growled the word, and he loomed over Poe, leaning so close that his hair hung down and brushed Poe’s cheek. In a lower tone, he said, “Someone innocent, not ignorant. As pure of heart and mind as he is of body. I truly am wicked, perhaps in every way except sexually—and you truly are good. Maybe I am corrupting you, instead of you purifying me. But I do so out of my love for you, my need for you.” “Ben, you aren’t wicked,” Poe murmured. Even though he was still a little angry, he also felt sorry for lashing out, because Ben seemed truly hurt by it. “I didn’t mean that.” “But I am,” Ben whispered. “Instead of driving you away like I set out to do, I drew you in. Because I wanted so badly to make our dreams into our reality, I’ve upset your entire life. I’ve dared to ask you to stay here with me, to abandon your calling and your good work. . . for me .” But Poe’s attention had been snared by something else: “Our dreams?” he asked. His eyes searched Ben’s for confirmation of what he had suddenly realized. “Last night, you said you held me and touched me in our dreams. . . and before that, you said you’d dreamed of me for years. Do you mean that—that you’ve dreamed about us being lovers?” “Yes.” Ben said it softly but with an intensity that unnerved Poe. “We are lovers in our dreams, Poe. It’s not just that I’ve dreamed it, you’ve dreamed it too. We’ve lived it, while we slept. I couldn’t tell you before now, because I was afraid of frightening you away, but. . . but as I said before, I don’t want to have any secrets from you.” His hand was still stroking Poe’s hair, but his eyes stayed fixed on Poe’s, pinning the smaller man down as effectively as Ben’s body weight was. “That’s the other reason I know so much about how to make love to you—I’ve had years of experience doing it, of learning what you like. We learned it together, exploring each other in our dreams, where you weren’t ashamed of it because it was a dream and not reality.” “If that’s true, if we’ve been—been lovers for all these years. . . then why don’t I remember it?” Poe demanded. “Because you are not a witch,” said Ben. Poe gave a growl of frustration and put his hands on Ben’s shoulders, trying to shove him away. Ben let Poe push him aside so Poe could sit up, but then he grasped Poe’s hands and clutched them to his chest. “Poe, you have to believe me,” he begged. “It isn’t an affectation of mine, or a delusion. I thought—I thought maybe you were beginning to accept it, when you told me you’d imagined us lying together like we did last night. You remembered it, something from our past together. Even though it’s just the smallest piece of what we’ve shared, I thought it meant you were starting to believe.” “I can’t believe it, Ben!” Poe snapped. “Do you know what it would mean if you were a witch, a real witch?” “It would mean that your narrow view of the world would explode,” Ben said flatly, although he still clasped Poe’s hands. “It would mean that you’d have to open your mind to a lot more than the idea that you can love another man without sinning. Is that why you refuse to listen to me? You’ll change everything else about your life for me, but not that?” Poe snatched his hands away, stung by the accusation in Ben’s words and the tone of his voice. He looked for his shirt, spotted it discarded on the floor by the bed, and leaned down to pick it up so he could pull it on over his head before getting out from under the blankets. “No,” he growled from underneath the shirt as he wriggled into it. “It means something far worse than you opening my mind, which you find so regrettably narrow.” Poe tugged the shirt down in place then got out of Ben’s bed, shivering when the cold air of the room cut through the meager linen he wore. “Poe—” Ben tried to interrupt, but Poe didn’t look at him. He couldn’t let himself, because otherwise he wouldn’t have been able to cross the room to the door. “‘Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live,’” Poe muttered. “The Bible says that, and all the creative interpretation in the world cannot change its meaning. If you were a witch, I would be bound to destroy you.” “I am a witch, Poe,” said Ben, clearly and firmly. “And you will not destroy me. I’m sure of that now.” “How so? Because you’ll fight me if I try?” Poe finally looked back at him, with his hand resting on the doorlatch. Ben shook his head and murmured, “No, I’m sure of it because you love me. You wouldn’t do anything to hurt me, and deep down, you know I’m not your enemy. Witches are not your enemy. No witch killed your mother—” “ Ben .” Poe flinched and turned away to face the polished wood of the door. “How could you?” “Because it is the truth.” Ben got out of bed, at first not even noticing his nakedness, but then he scooped up his shirt and pulled it on. “Poe, I don’t wish to hurt you anymore than you would deliberately hurt me. But you have to face what is real.” “And what is that?” Poe muttered against the wood. “You’re the one who says I’ve lived a whole other life in my dreams. Is that what you say is real?” “Our dreams are part of it,” murmured Ben. He had crossed the room to come very close to Poe, and Poe could sense Ben’s presence just behind him: his size, his scent, the warmth of his body. He went on, “Only a part, though. The rest of the reality you must face is that magic is real, witches are real. And I am one. Some of us follow the Dark, some follow the Light. . . some make our own wild course. But denying any of that will not bring your mother back.” When Poe offered no response—he had none to give—Ben put a hand on his shoulder and whispered, “I know what the Bible says. And I know that all the hermeneutics I can offer may not be enough to convince you that I deserve to live.” Poe cringed, but Ben continued without a pause. “I can tell you that it is the Old Testament law, the law of Moses superseded by Christ’s sacrifice. I can tell you that I have turned my back on the magic of the Dark, because my dreams of you gave me hope that I can find a future in the Light. I can tell you all of that, and maybe none of it would save me. But your love will, because you are good , Poe.” “I’m not,” Poe said faintly, “not if I disobey God’s commandment.” “Then what is God commanding you to do?” Ben countered. “Is He telling you I must die, even though he destined us for one another? Is He telling you that you haven’t suffered enough, and that you must watch the murder of another person you love?” “Stop talking to me this way,” Poe hissed, “like you have all the answers, and I’m a—a child you have to guide—” “ Poe! ” Ben hauled on Poe’s shoulder, and Poe finally turned around to face him. He glared up into the taller man’s face—until he saw the tears streaming from Ben’s dark eyes as Ben said, “I don’t know how to talk to you, how to convince you to believe me. All I can offer you is the logical—” “Ben, there’s no logic in any of this,” Poe interrupted. He couldn’t bear to see Ben weep, and he put his hands up to the white, tear-streaked face above his. “Magic isn’t logical, witches aren’t logical—me loving you at first sight isn’t logical.” Ben blinked, and more tears overflowed from his lashes and ran down onto Poe’s fingers. “At first sight?” he whispered. “Truly?” “Yes.” Poe startled himself by feeling a smile flicker over his mouth. “The first time I saw you, I felt like I knew you. I thought you were beautiful, and I couldn’t forget you.” He stroked Ben’s cheeks with his thumbs, smearing away the tears that had finally ceased falling. “I loved you then, Ben, and I love you now. Love isn’t logical—and neither is God and His plans for us, not logical in a way that humans can understand. So all the reasoning and evidence a man could offer can never be enough to make me change my. . . my narrow view of the world.” “I’m sorry,” Ben breathed from between Poe’s hands. “I shouldn’t have said that—” “But it’s true,” Poe admitted. He looked up into Ben’s face and felt such love for him, it nearly overwhelmed him. “My worldview is narrow, and it will take more than logic to change that. Maybe that is why God has brought us together.” He curled his fingertips under Ben’s jaw and held it as he leaned up to kiss Ben’s lips. Ben’s hands clenched over Poe’s shoulders and held him close. “I love you, Poe,” Ben whispered into his mouth, “and I’ll fight for you with whatever it takes. I’ll fight to keep you at my side, as long as you want to be here.” “I do. Ben, I do .” Poe dropped his arms to Ben’s neck and hugged it, sinking into Ben’s embrace as Ben slid his own arms around Poe. He mumbled against the larger man’s chest, “And I believe in your dreams— our dreams, even if I can only remember them in glimpses. I knew you, I loved you before we ever met, and because of that, I believe. I must.” Ben pressed his lips to Poe’s ear and murmured, “Then we’ll make those dreams come true, Poe. God has plans of peace and hope for His people, and we’ll find both together.” -- To be continued Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the BenPoe Miscellaneous AU series Next Work →