Prologue “I am terrified by this dark thing That sleeps in me; All day I feel its soft, feathery turnings, its malignity.” ― Sylvia Plath Prologue 15 A.B.Y. (11 years after the Battle of Endor) The night sky was a dark starless ebony – far too dark for her to make out the shape of her beloved brother, who stood a mere two feet in front of her. She could just barely see the outline of Elix, who stood directly at her side. As they walked, they continued to keep up a brisk, hurried pace. And yet, she could not see in front of her. She continuously stumbled over rocks, tree branches, and other flora on the desolate, partially abandoned planet. But her brother refused to stop their small company to rest until first light. The cover of darkness was needed, as her brother was ever fearful that their party was being watched. They had a destination to reach, and it was imperative that they reach it as soon as possible, despite the darkness and the frigid air. It is far too cold on this foreign planet too , she thought to herself as she pulled the thick woolen black cloak tighter over her thin shoulders. All of the suffering would all be worth it, she told herself, once the galaxy was restored to its former glory. And I will sit at their right hand , she thought as a devious smirk curled her face. She could picture it now – the tapestries hung on her own imperial palace on Coruscant, the reverence and fear in everyone’s eyes as they looked upon her and her so- The fervent kick in her abdomen startled her from her thoughts of grandeur. She let out a little yelp of pain as she brought her hand to her swollen stomach. She began to delicately rub the tender spot where the baby had kicked, as she softly cooed, “It is okay, little one , we are almost there. We’re almost at our new home.” “While you’re at it,” Elix chortled from beside her, “tell him not to come out until after we’ve reached the Disciples.” She was about to smirk at her brother’s right hand man, but the gruff voice of her brother hissed from up ahead, “Will you two be quiet? We’ve not yet reached safety, and your joking may alert everyone to where we are.” “Dear brother,” she whispered as her eyes rolled, “Surely no one from the New Republic has followed us this far out. We are light years from the nearest inhabited world. It would be impossible for anyone to find-” “Do you know what this planet used to be?” Her brother hissed, turning towards her with such fervor. “Moraband was once home to the great and powerful Sith. The New Republic will be watching this planet and the activity on it very closely from now on, sister. If you truly care about the son you carry, and want to see him rule the galaxy one day, you will do all you can to keep the Republic away.” Her hands flew protectively over her swollen abdomen as her brother continued, “If they knew that this boy was raised by the Disciples of Ragnos, the power that this child will one day have, they will not hesitate to rip him from your arms and kill him.” Her hand flew involuntarily to her gaping mouth. Tears brimmed in her eyes at the thought of the son she had not had the chance to lay eyes on, being brutally torn from her arms and killed by the Republic. And all for what? The power that he would one day hold? The destiny that he would one day fulfill? Her hatred of the Republic, of everything it represented, only continued to boil. She looked to both her brother and Elix before she took a step forward on their march, “We must make it to the Disciples, then.” Their journey continued very much the same as it had since its conception – quiet and full of reverent reflection. Her thoughts were occupied by visions of her son, an unnamed boy that she had not yet seen. But she could see the power that he held, she could feel it growing inside of her even now. She could envision him seated at the right hand of Marka Ragnos, ruling the galaxy and restoring the proper, true, balance to the Force. Her lips curled upward in pure joy at the thought. As she pictured her unborn son and his unending power, she could feel her foot catch on something hard on the ground. She had seen the uprooted tree branch seconds too late, as she fell face first into the ground. Letting out a desperate cry, she flung her arms across her swollen belly in an attempt to protect her unborn son from the devastation of the fall. Her face contorted on its side as she braced herself for the inevitability of the impact. But the inevitable did not come. Her eyes went wide as she realized the falling sensation had stopped entirely, and that her face was still feet from the ground. She let out a sigh of relief as she was able to steady herself enough into an upright position. It was only then, after she was certain that both she and her son were unharmed, that she looked at her company. Multiple pairs of eyes were fixed on her. There was no mistaking the pleasure in her brother’s voice, “I can see you have been practicing. Good. You will need to hone your skills, sister.” She shook her head, frightened of what her temperamental brother would think, “That – that wasn’t me.” Her brother eyed her carefully, “If you were not the one to use the Force, then who did?” Almost immediately, her hand flew to her stomach. All eyes were now on her enlarged belly, as curious members of their company began to whisper excitedly. But she could not pay attention to their praises and wonder now. A sharp pain contracted in her abdomen, a more intense version of the kick from her child that she had felt only hours earlier. Her eyes widened as the realization dawned on her - it had not been a kick that she felt. She looked up to her brother and Elix, fear clouding her large brown eyes, “Varj – brother, the baby is coming.” Chapter 2 : Lost in Anger 35 A.B.Y. The dense greenery on the rocky Ahch-To was something that Rey would never get used to. After all, having spent most of her life in the sandy wasteland of Jakku, the constant foliage was entirely foreign to her. The desert planet where she had spent the vast majority of her life was becoming more and more of a distant memory, an unpleasantly long chapter in her life that she now more than happy to turn the page from. This new planet, with its rocky hills and abundance of raw power, was becoming to feel more like home to her with every passing day. After all, having spent the last eight months training at the spot of the oldest Jedi temple in the galaxy, Rey finally felt as if she belonged somewhere. She was meant to be there. Dipping her toes in the cool blue water that surrounded the island she was camped on, Rey slowly waded until she was waist deep and could easily start swimming. The planet consisted of a series of nearby island clusters, and she was determined to explore each of them during her time on the planet. Her master was more than happy to encourage her hobby, calling it an excellent exercise in discipline. It was true, getting to each island was no easy task – swimming long distances took both its mental and physical tolls on her. But Rey was glad to be able to explore the lush green world. And in doing so, she had found her favorite spot. A small island not too far from their main camp was the least rocky and most verdant of them all. A stony beach guarded the tall treats of the largest forest Rey had ever seen. She could easily spend hours wandering around the abundant woodlands. While the highest peak on the hillside of Luke’s camp was indeed the most powerful spot on Ahch-To to meditate, her secluded forest enclosure was her own personal favorite. Swimming to her favorite island was no longer a chore, as she found her excitement propelled her in the water. She glided through the waves with ease; her swimming skills had improved greatly from her first day of training. And as she reached the coast, she eagerly made her way to the center of the forest. As soon as her feet hit the forest floor, she felt instantaneously soothed by the trees that towered over her. Lowering herself into a comfortable position under a welcoming sapling, she closed her eyes. Master Luke instructed his young padawan to meditate in an attempt to clear her mind. She was far too irrational, he noted, and lacked self-control. His words had hit her like a blow to the gut, but she was not one to argue with the Jedi Master. And so she was to do as he instructed. The greenery that enveloped Rey so warmly slowly pulled away from her until it had disappeared entirely. The sounds of the forest faded until there was nothing left. She was no one, and she was surrounded by nothing. And yet, everything – the entire galaxy - was at her finger tips. She could feel an electric pulse in her fingers, radiating through to her bones. She could feel the raw power of the island coursing through her veins. But she paid the galaxy no mind. She was empty, free of the worries and fears that plagued her since she first left Jakku. She was powerful, her skills with the Force growing stronger every day. She was alone. Until she wasn’t. The tiniest of ripples disturbed her serenity, alerting her to the fact that she was no longer alone in her meditation. Her breath quickened from its even pace, and she felt her shoulders tense in her trance-like state. And it was then that she feel the presence that loomed over her and caused her distress. “Don’t be afraid. I feel it to.” The string of words echoed across her mind in the faintest of whispers. They had come from everywhere and nowhere at once. Rey’s gut restricted and contorted itself into a knot as she processed the meaning of the words, and who had spoken them. No, it couldn’t be. Rey’s eyes sprang open, breaking her from the calming meditative trance. Her breathing was heavy, as if she had swam for miles. Running her fingers through her hair, Rey wondered how in the world Kylo Ren could have made his way in to her mind. Master Luke had told her how to keep him out, how to prevent him from fully reaching her. She could still sense him, his presence, from time to time. But she had been able to keep him, his voice, out of her head. It had been a full two months since she heard Kylo Ren’s voice. Rey sighed, kicking the dirt beneath her in frustration. Looking up at her surroundings, she noticed that Ahch-To’s sun was sinking low into the sky and darkness was beginning to envelop the forest. She frowned; it had been about midday when she reached the island itself. Having lost herself in meditation before, the shock had been nothing new to her. But she often felt relaxed and at peace after her sessions. But the only feelings that lingered now were agitation and unease. Slowly, she made her way from the peaceful forest to the rocky beaches on her tiny island. In the dim light, she could just make out the island that she and Luke resided on. Swallowing hard, she waded into the water before swimming at full force, wanting to reach their campsite before sundown. She did not need the sunlight; she could easily find her way home – it was like instinct to her now. But that night she simply did not possess the energy it would take to use all of her senses and find her way back under the cover of night. Kylo Ren had stolen that from her. After a swim that felt like an eternity, Rey finally reached the island that Luke Skywalker called home for more than a decade. It was quickly becoming her home too, and she could easily have remained on Ahch-To for the rest of her life. But a gnawing feeling deep inside of her gut told her that something – or someone – was going to make sure that it did not happen. As she wearily trudged up the rocky cliffs, her mind wandered back to her vision. Or rather, her lack of one. Kylo Ren was the figure that haunted her dreams since that first evening on Starkiller Base. Before she had advanced in her training, she would see him almost every single night in her dreams. He would call to her, making promises that tempted her so. He promised her power, he promised her a purpose. Months later, his words still echoed in her mind. I will help you find who you are looking for. Even now, his words echoed in her head, tempting her. Rey shook her head, hoping to banish the unwelcome thought. A surge of anger boiled up inside of her – anger directed towards herself. You should not have let him get inside your head, she chastised herself as she finally reached the dilapidated hut that she and Master Luke called home. Her anger had not yet dissipated when she reached the tiny structure. Perhaps her master was right. Perhaps she did need more self-control. She bristled at the thought that he could be right about that. As she walked in, she could see her master stirring an odorless gray mush over the hearth. Before he could notice her expression, her face wrinkled up at the thought of eating it. Her stomach, however, disagreed as it let out a vicious groan of hunger. Her master did not turn around as he addressed her, “Did you have a long and trying day?” Rey collapsed onto a makeshift bed that had been assembled for her in the corner of the hut, “You could say that, Master.” Out of the corner of her eye, Rey watched as Luke scooped a small wooden bowl into the pot of mush, filling it. He handed it to her, and she took it greedily. Rey was well aware that her master was eyeing her as she wolfed downed the meal – but she did not care. She was hungry, and never before had to worry about what others thought of her eating habits. But the staring did not stop once she had finished licking the contents of the wooden bowl clean; Rey shifted on her mattress uncomfortably. “You felt him again, didn’t you?” The words echoed for a moment, hanging mercilessly in the stale night air of Ahch-To. Rey swallowed, but nodded. There was no use in lying to her master – he would know the truth anyway. “Today was the first – the first day in a long time that I heard his voice.” Rey stumbled over her words, unsure if she could clearly articulate what she had been feeling, “But there are other times when I – I can feel him. I know when he’s angry, I can feel it deep in my bones. I can feel it when he is elated, when something goes right for him.” “What do you mean?” Her master was staring at her more intently than he ever had before. Rey shifted uncomfortably under his gaze. “It is as if he never truly goes away,” Rey shook her head, disgusted with herself, “Ever since he tried to get inside my head. I can feel him sometimes – not speak to him, but feel his emotions. No matter what I do – even with what you taught me, I cannot seem to prevent it.” Luke Skywalker blinked slowly, his lips pursed together – a sure sign of his deep thought. The two sat in silence for what felt to Rey like an eternity. But finally, her master spoke up, “Have you ever heard of the term ‘force-bond’?” Rey shook her head; her experience learning the less practical knowledge of the Jedi had been somewhat lacking. Her master seemed to sense this, and nodded before continuing, “A force-bond is a connection between two Force-sensitive beings. Everything you have just described to me are symptoms of such a bond.” Rey’s mouth fell open, she could not help but feel absolutely horrified by the words. How could she be possibly connected to the horrible creature who had brutally murdered his own father? A knot twisted deep in the pit of her stomach at the mere thought of it. But at the same time, every cell in her body felt her master’s words to be true. She was connected to Kylo Ren somehow. Rey hesitated for a moment, “If this is true, what – hat can I do to stop it?” There was no mistaking the look of pity etched onto Luke Skywalker’s face, “To sever a force-bond, no matter how undesired it may be, would cause irreparable damage to both you and him. You would have to turn away entirely from the Force – from who you are.” The knot in Rey’s stomach twisted even tighter at the thought of what she had to do. Using the Force, training and seeing her power grow finally gave her a sense of purpose in her life. Could she really turn away from all of that? Luke seemed to sense her thoughts as he quickly added, “To be bonded to someone is not a light matter. It is a part of you, and will remain so. But it does not have to control you. You can control it.” “How?” Her words came out as a dry croak. Luke Skywalker eyed his padawan carefully, “It will take more than physical strength. To control this bond, to make sure he does not hold sway over or tempt you, you will have to train your thoughts and emotions. Already you are too impulsive – control over your thoughts and emotions will mean that he does not have access to them.” Rey nodded, already having been chided by her master for a lack of self-control. Her impulsiveness and anger felt natural to her, a trait that could never be fully suppressed. Idly, Rey thought to her parents and wondered if she had perhaps inherited their temperament. But she would never know, and could only seek to control it now. Her master seemed to notice that her thoughts drifted, because he looked at her harshly, “While it is not ideal that you and he share such a connection, perhaps, if you master your own self-control, it is something that could be used for both yours and the Resistance’s benefit.” Without another word, her master turned to leave his padawan with her thoughts. Rey’s emotions were running high as she thought of everything that her master relayed to. She could not doubt that she was connected in some way to Kylo Ren. But she had to wonder if that connection could even be considered a good thing. She was still thinking about him as she closed her eyes and drifted off in to sleep. When her eyes opened, the planet was engulfed in complete darkness. Rey could not make out the foliage that was mere feet in front of her. Even the natural light of the planet’s moon was shrowded by impenetrable darkness. She frowned as she realized then that something sinister clouded the air. She could not place her finger on it, however. But something was different. Something was horribly wrong . It took her a moment for the realization to hit her: she was no longer on Ahch-To. The planet that had been home to the first Jedi Temple gave her the exact opposite feeling as this one did. And yet, she could sense something almost familiar about this strange new world. She walked along the path laid out before her on this strange planet, unsure of where it would lead her. But there was something, something that she could not place, that told her she had been to this planet before. No, she chided herself, you are just dreaming. But Rey didn’t know if she could just dream anymore. In the distance, as her eyes adjusted to the darkness of the planet, Rey could just make out what appeared to be the ruins of a once great temple. Almost as if by her own instinct, her feet began to carry her in the direction of the building. It brought a sense of comfort to her, almost as if she had been meant to be there from the beginning. She frowned at the thought, wondering how she could feel so at peace on such a sinister planet. As she continued walking, she took in all the sights and sounds of the planet. Small insects could be heard making strange noises in the distance, providing a beautiful symphony as she explored. Rey must have walked two miles before she found it. In the darkness, she could see the remnants of some makeshift settlement. Fabric hung from tree tops, and the remains of an old fire pit directed her to the center of the settlement. Rey swallowed hard as she closely examined what lay before her. Every day tools for cooking and cleaning were scattered all over. A small droid, rusted and non-functioning from years of disuse lay slumped against a tree trunk. Rey’s heart tugged as she thought of who could possibly live in such a place. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the outline of a small human-like figurine. Something pulled her towards the tiny doll, and as she scooped it up into her hand she brought it straight to her chest. In doing so she could not help but feel an odd sense of comfort at the action. The feeling disturbed her slightly, but she did not have time to dwell on it. Immediately, she could feel something – s omeone – approaching her spot at the camp site. How Rey had not felt his presence on the planet earlier, she did not know. The planet was so shrouded in darkness that it masked his own until he was right upon her. When she finally looked up to face him, it surprised her that she could clearly see his features without the absence of any light. The hook in his nose, the dark flowing mane of hair, the scar that she had given him. He stood before her now, there was no denying it. Rey took a step back from him, the fear in her rising up as she dropped the doll where she stood. What could he be possibly be doing on this planet? Did he feel the same connection to it that she did? The questions were swirling around in her head, and it was enough to make her completely dizzy. “You need a teacher,” The words came from his lips as a whisper, but they seemed to echo across the campsite. The sound sent chills reverberating through Rey’s spine as she struggled to move away from him even further. But all of her attempts were futile – as she attempted to lift her legs to retreat, she wobbled as she noticed they were firmly planted on the ground. She lifted her legs again in another attempt, and it took all her strength not to fall backward when she failed miserably at moving. It was almost as though her own legs did not want her to move. She was physically stuck at that exact spot, and Kylo Ren took yet another step closer. Rey fervently shook her head at his words, beads of sweat forming on her forehead as she struggled to free herself, “I do not need you.” He took a step closer, reaching out his ungloved hand toward her. Rey turned her cheek, refusing to look at the haunting creature before her. She struggled once more as he moved even closer. But it did not matter, his hand grazed upon her cheek. Her pale cheek grew hot underneath his touch, and she flinched away from him. Her teeth grinded together as she hissed, “Stop.” His hand retreated almost instantaneously as she repeated the words, “I do not need you.” When she looked up again, he was gone. Almost immediately, she could feel his absence all around. Except under her still flushed cheek; she reached up to touch the spot where his own hand grazed. She pulled away almost instantaneously, as if the touch had burned her. Her hands clenched in tight fists – how could she have let him affect her so? Rey opened her eyes, greeted by the bright sunlight and chirping birds of Ahch-To. It took her more than a few moments to register where she was and that she was no longer trapped in her dream. Her brow furrowed as she tried to make sense of the events that unfolded as she slept. It was the first time in a long while that she had physically seen Kylo Ren. Now aware of the bond between the two of them, she was still disgusted but no longer shocked. But the part that confused her the most was the planet. What was that place? Why did it seem so eerily familiar to her? Rey swallowed, contemplating if she should tell her master about her vision. Of course, Luke Skywalker would know what to do, tell her how to begin to make sense of such a situation. She bit her lip; her master would also chide her for not maintaining control of herself and her own emotions. It made her susceptible to manipulation, he often said. He would say no different now and chastise her for being so easily manipulated by the enemy. He was better off not knowing. She would have to continue about her day as though no vision had appeared to her the night before. She stood up from the makeshift mattress, swinging her body until her lower back grudgingly cracked from the movement. It was not the most comfortable of bedding, but it taught her humility and submission. Or so she had been told by her master. Without another thought, Rey grabbed an Almarkian apple from the basket her master kept on the window and went off to begin her day’s training. As she walked to the spot she met Luke Skywalker daily, she had to assume that he would train her harder than he ever had in the past, based off of their conversation the previous night. And Rey was right. When she found Luke Skywalker waiting on the makeshift training grounds for her, she could see the intensity and determination in his eyes. She had never seen the older man so intense; it momentarily disarmed her. So much so that she barely noticed him throwing the practice staff to her; she caught it just before it would have hit her square in the jaw. Her eyes widened at the intensity of the practice so early in the morning, but she dared not question her master. Fixing her posture into a defensive stance, she prepared herself for her master to attack her. But the attack never came; Luke Skywalker mirrored her own defensive posture and waiting for her to move onto the offensive. Rey happily obliged, bringing the weighted training staff up over her head as she charged at him. He maneuvered around her attack with unparalleled grace, bringing his own staff up to meet hers. The impact of the two weapons colliding was enough to make her muscles ache. Rey let out a small grunt as she pushed him away with full force; he stumbled backward momentarily to regain his footing, leaving Rey the opportunity to bring her staff down on him again. She swung her weapon, this time below his knees. She had hoped to get him on the ground, overpowering him for good. But he sensed her movements and was able to jump high over her swinging weapon as she unleashed it on him. Her brow furrowed as she contemplated her next move. If she attacked once again from the front, her master would call her predictable. But she had not yet mastered propelling herself into the air – something she would need to do for a successful airborne attack. In the moments that Rey was devising her plan, she had only just barely noticed the gray haired Jedi lunging toward her and bringing his weapon with him. She had been too distracted to notice him there, and it was too late for her to make any decisive defensive moves. She could feel the fea And so she did the only thing she could think of. Closing her eyes and positioning her hands square in front of her chest, Rey blocked him from coming anywhere near her. She waited for the impact of his staff, but it never came. Rey opened her eyes to see Luke paused in the air before her, as if frozen by a shield. Her mouth dropped open as she saw it, breaking her concentration. Luke Skywalker moved freely at that point, retreating a few steps backwards as he regained his composure. He eyed Rey curiously for a moment; she nervously shifted under his scrutinizing gaze. He tilted his head as he regarded her carefully, “I have never seen you do that before, Rey.” She swallowed, unsure if she wanted to meet his gaze with her own, “I – I have never done that before. The idea of trying it just came to me – and I was able to do it.” He pursed his lips together, waiting momentarily before responding, “You have shown a great amount of skill here, Rey. But I would like to see you learn how to control it. Master it, do not let it be the master of you.” Rey nodded, her cheeks flushing under the admonishment. “I would like to see you repeat the skill,” Luke Skywalker continued, as he gathered his staff from its discarded position on the floor. “Repeat it until you can do it on command each time.” Her brow furrowed in indignation at her master’s words; she had been able to complete the skill at the height of her emotions. Perhaps total control was not what she needed. But she nodded and regained her composure; she did not dare argue with him over such matters. When her master charged at her, she was ready. She dipped and swung with such grace in order to deflect his swings at her. She retaliated against him with full force, using all of the strength in her throbbing arms in a vain attempt to disarm him. Every instinct in her body was telling her to lash out at him, punish him for criticizing her abilities. But she did as Luke Skywalker instructed, keeping her temper level as she fought back. When he lunged at her one final time, she attempted to block him – this time with her mind. As he came barreling toward her, she imagined the same shield around her, protecting her from her assailant. And Luke’s weapon came hard down on her anyway, hitting her hard right in the shoulder. Rey let out a yelp of pain as she clutched the point of impact. There was no doubt the throbbing spot on her shoulder would leave a dark bruise. She shot him an indignant look as she rubbed it gently. Her master, however, looked down at his young padawan calmly, “You were rash, undisciplined in your movements.” “I was trying to keep myself controlled, ” Rey hissed through the pain of her throbbing shoulder. “My emotions – my fear of being attacked – are what keep me going. They are what give me my skill. I’m no good without them.” “That is not the way of the Jedi,” Luke shook his head, looking sadly at his trainee, “There is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge. There is no passion, there is-“ “Serenity,” Rey snapped, “I know the code well enough – you won’t let me forget it. But I’m stronger when I use my emotions, when I let them in. Using them is how I can do things.” “It is not the Jedi way,” Luke repeated, keeping his eyes locked on her. “Well maybe,” Rey hissed through her gritted teeth, unable to mask her seething tone, “The way of the Jedi is wrong. It’s no wonder there aren’t any of them left.” As soon as the words slipped out of her mouth, Rey instantly regretted them. While she had not been told the full history of Luke’s Jedi Academy, she could put together the pieces that she did know. The look etched upon her mentor’s face stung Rey worse than any blaster shot. “I-I am so sorry. I did not mean that,” A small sigh escaped her mentor, as he walked towards a small patch of rocks that overlooked the cliff’s edge. With a wave of his hand, he motioned for his padawan to follow him. As she positioned herself on the rock next to Luke, Rey could feel the shame bubbling up inside of her. Would he yell at her? Would he decide to stop training her? Luke Skywalker inhaled sharply before setting his eyes on Rey, “I was around the same age as you are now when the great Master Yoda continued my training on Degobah. I, too, grew frustrated when I did not take to a task so easily, or was forced to do things differently.” Rey regarded her master, trying to imagine him as the fabled young Rebellion pilot who used the Force to take down the Galactic Empire. She struggled to picture him as rash and impulsive. “It may take years, sometimes even decades, for someone to master the art of serenity in the face of conflict, to use peace instead of anger as fuel.” Rey was silent for a moment, considering his words. She swallowed, unsure of herself as she finally spoke up, “Is that why the Jedi of the past began training at such a young age?” Luke nodded but did not meet Rey’s inquisitive gaze, “The younger that a child is when they begin their training, the easier it is to quell those thoughts and feelings of anger. The older a padawan is when they begin – those seeds have already been planted.” The legendary Jedi looked out at the water sadly, as if there was something greater on his mind. He must be thinking about his former padawan, Rey told herself. She looked up to Luke, “Is that what happened? To Kylo Ren?” He inhaled, taking a long pause before answering her question. “My padawan was young when he began to train with me. The Dark Side can tempt everyone – young and old alike.” Is that what you are worried about with me? Rey thought, but she dared not ask the question out loud. A gnawing feeling at the very bottom of her stomach made her unsure if she wanted to know his true answer to that question. Luke stood up from his position overlooking the cliff face, retreating back into the tranquility of his hut and leaving Rey alone with her thoughts. Whether Rey liked it or not, she was bonded to Kylo Ren. She could feel his own emotions and project her own on to him. She had a connection with him that could never truly be severed. Rey swallowed; would that make her more likely to join the Dark Side? She shook her head, trying to banish the thought entirely from her mind. After all, she had been tempted by the Dark Side on Starkiller Base and won. Had she not? Chapter 3 : The Path to the Dark Side Notes: Thank you all for the amazing feedback everyone! I’m super excited for this story and I’m glad that you all feel the same about it. I do apologize for not updating sooner. But school has started, and between lesson plans, grading and supervising the Key Club, I have barely had time for the boyfriend and writing. But I have definitely not given up on any of my stories. That being said, I am not going to update This Awful Energy until I finish Balance. I have one chapter to go, and if you read that s well – don’t worry, I don’t plan on leaving you hanging! As a note, the song Rey sings does not belong to me. It is adapted from J.R.R. Tolkien’s Song of New Hope. Yes, I do see the irony there. Rey chewed her bottom lip thoughtfully as she gazed out to all of the wondrous green and blue beauty that Ahch-To had to offer. The sun was barely rising in the sky and the cool morning air gently kissed her cheeks. It truly was a magical place, and her connection to the power that ran deep beneath the trees and sandy beaches continued to grow with each passing day. She drew her strength from the series of islands that had helped generations of Jedi before her. But yet, it was still not enough. Rey’s shoulders collapsed as she sighed in frustration; Rey could feel her potential – the power she was supposed to possess. And yet, she had not been able to reach it. While the island’s own connection to the Force helped, she knew that she was meant for more. Something was standing in her way, something that the raw power of the island could not – or would not – help her with. Her frustration mounted as she once again peered at the lush greenery. The place had once easily held a special place in her heart – a bond forged by the connection to her every growing power. But now, it seemed that that very bond was slowly waning. The new, dark planet whose name she did not know was calling to her, tempting Rey with its own raw power. In her dreams, she could almost taste the power that this foreign world could give her. Wherever the planet was, it wanted her to be there. It wanted her to leave Ahch-To. It wanted to help guide her. To help her reach her full potential. Rey swallowed as the sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach grew all consuming. Her time on Ahch-To was coming to an end. She did not know when, she did not know how, but deep in every fiber of her being, Rey knew that she would have to leave the comfort of her new home soon. Whether she chose to find this new sinister planet or not. If she was being quite honest with herself, the thought of leaving absolutely terrified her. Her universe had grown exponentially in the few shorts months since she had fled Jakku on that old piece of junk with BB-8 and Finn in tow. She met new people, secured her own place in the Resistance, and had become the padawan of the legendary Luke Skywalker. Since that moment she rescued the little droid on the barren desert of Jakku, she had not been truly alone. The thought of leaving all that, returning to the solitude that had consumed her childhood, sent chills of terror running through her spine. Truly hone your power, discover who you really are, and you will never be lonely again. Rey gasped as the thought slithered its way into her head. She had no idea where it had come from. But the thought of knowing where she had come from, where she truly belonged, tugged at her like a young child in need of constant attention. Perhaps this hidden planet held the key to discovering her own place in the universe. Perhaps…. Rey shook her head, violently pushing the thought out of her mind. All of those thoughts, all of the temptations, were absolutely insane. Her previous conversation with her master flooded her mind – temptation was the path to the dark side. Rey was not dark; she could not be. She fought Kylo Ren on Starkiller. He had extended his hand, offering her a place as his own padawan. And she had rejected him. She had rejected the dark. And so why was it still calling to her? Or, perhaps, it was not that dark side that had tempted her so… Perhaps there was something else besides light and dark. Perhaps that was what was calling to her. Perhaps that was where she belonged. Rey swallowed as she considered her thoughts, self-doubt slithering into her mind like a serpent ready to strike at any moment. Her uncertainty frightened her; Rey preferred to deal in absolutes. Right and wrong. Light and dark. Not knowing her place in the universe terrified her. But she could not tell Luke of her fears. Her master would not understand; he always knew where he stood, his own place in the galaxy. The line in the desert sand must have been clearly drawn for him. Knowing where his place was, where he had come from must have been such a comfort to him. Rey shook her head, banishing all of the unpleasant thoughts from her mind. There were plenty of things that she just could not confide in her master about. She shuddered involuntarily as the memory of the figure who haunted her dreams crept into her thoughts. Once again, he had made an appearance in her dreams. Her bond with the dark knight seemed to make those dreams all the more potent . And that frightened her. She shuddered as she recalled the look his dark eyes gave her, seeing into her soul as he haunted her nightmares. She cringed as she remembered how is dark locks had fallen over his face, casting an alluring shadow over his features as he whispered in her ear. Come to me. I can be your teacher. Rey swallowed hard, recalling how the feeling of his breath on her neck had sent shivers cascading down her spine. Her cheeks grew hot just thinking about it again. No, she could not tell Luke Skywalker about all that. While her master had been a social recluse for the better part of a decade, he was certainly not blind. He could read Rey fairly easily; he would know she had another dream about Kylo Ren almost immediately. And Rey could not bear another lecture about the importance of control for another moment longer. She could already hear the speech in her mind, and she rolled her eyes. Luke would never be able to comprehend her situation; he would never know how difficult it would be to fully get Kylo Ren out of her head. And yet, Rey still tried. As she looked out to the rocky islands of Ahch-To, she began to wade gently into the water. Immediately, a sense of calm determination washed over her – banishing all unpleasant thoughts from her mind. Rey began to swim. She glided through the water with relative ease, surprised at how calming the exercise actually was. With each stroke, her worries seemed to pull further and further away from her. She maneuvered through the water with more grace than she was accustomed to. She moved quickly, the tiny island that she called home grew smaller on the horizon line until it was nothing but a little spec. She swam until her arms could no longer carry her. As she finally grew tired from the exercise, she turned on her back and began to float. The water carried her along, gently lapping at her cheeks as she stared upwards. It hardly rained on Ahch-To, and that particular morning was no exception. The clouds in the sky were small and benign, unable to threaten a single drop. From her spot floating in the water, Rey smiled. It was perhaps one of the first times she had felt truly relaxed in a long while. She closed her eyes, allowing herself to drift peacefully in the water. In her own tranquility, a soft hum escape Rey’s lips. She could not name the tune, but it felt so familiar to her all the same. Before she could even stop herself, Rey began to sing: “ Out of doubt, out of dark, to the moon's rising he rode singing in the night, glory unleashing. Hope he rekindled, and in hope ended; over death, over dread, over doom lifted out of loss, out of life, unto long glory.” She did not know where the words had come from, nor their meaning. But she smiled as she sang the tune, feeling a foreign feeling of comfort wash over her as she did so. She could not tell how long she allowed herself to float aimlessly in the water. But she saw that the sun had moved considerably from its original place in the sky. As she maneuvered herself into an upright position, she spotted land relatively close to her. She began to propel herself through the water, swimming in order to reach her rocky destination. But Rey never reached the shore line. Each passing stroke brought her closer and closer to a series of darkened caves that guarded the sandy shores. As she reached the first of many grottos, Rey hesitated briefly. Uncertainty tugged at her, willing her to turn back where she had come from. But curiosity got the best of Rey, as it always did. Holding her breath, Rey propelled herself into darkened cave. With each passing stroke, it became more and more difficult for her to see as cave blocked all natural light. She shuddered at the eeriness of the grotto, at the loud echo of ever miniscule movement she made in the water. It was a relief when Rey found that the water was shallow enough for her to stand. She could easily walk along the cave line, her fingers tracing each bump and groove in the rock face. It helped her to keep her sense of direction in the darkness. Her eyes had adjusted somewhat, but the absence of most light still hindered her. It was then that her finger suddenly hit a crude groove in the cave wall. And then another. And another. Rey paused for a moment, as her eyes narrowed and tried to focus on the cave wall. Through the darkness, she could see small hatch marks carved in to the stone. A variety of shapes carved into the wall, forming a series of pictures. It was a language that Rey could not understand, despite her having learned a great deal of different dialects at Nima Outpost. It was an ancient language. She regarded the pictographs for a few moments longer, trying her hardest to make sense of the writing before her. She brought her fingers to the etching, gently tracing her fingers over the crude markings. It was then that Rey felt herself being pulled, away from the cave, away from Ahch-To, and straight into the unknown. Rey’s eyes opened, her head pounding from both the ferocity in which she had been pulled and the confusion of the sudden change. What had happened to her? Where was she? When was she? It took only mere moments before she could answer at least one of those questions. Instantaneously, the aura of the atmosphere provided a sense of welcome and comfort to her – like a newborn being swaddled in a blanket for the first time. She was on the planet from her nightma- dreams. Her eyes went wide at the realization, as she eagerly took in all of her surroundings. She began to wander, her feet seemingly moving of their own volition. Rey drank in all the sights of this hauntingly familiar planet, hoping that something – anything – would help to trigger an actual memory. Somewhere, in the distance, Rey could hear voices. A small chorus of laughter. Instinctively, Rey made her way towards the noise. Suddenly, she felt the same pull again, although this time not as violent. As she came to, the scenery on the planet had changed. Night had fallen, and she noticed what appeared to be a hurriedly put together camp. Somewhere, from inside one of the makeshift tents, she could hear a woman’s ear piercing scream. Rey hurried towards the source, making no attempts at resisting the gnawing need to find this woman. She was not the only one who scurried towards the sound. Throngs of people, all disheveled and dusty, flocked towards the tent in the center of the camp. Rey shuddered as she noticed the people; she could sense the darkness in some of them. But she followed them nonetheless, desperate to find the woman. She could not put her finger on why – but Rey had to find her. As she made her way to the tent that people seemed to hover around, she noticed a man standing guard at the entrance of the tent. Like the others around him, Rey could sense the unyielding darkness that radiated off of him. But there was something else about him, something Rey could not quite put her finger on. He was addressing the crowd, but Rey did not hear a word that he spoke. All that she saw, all that she could focus on, was what stood behind him. As he moved directly away from the tent to speak to the growing crowd at his feet, Rey scurried behind him. She pulled back the tent flap – Once again, Rey felt herself being pulled. No! She thought as she fought the forces that had so callously pulled her away from the tent. But the Force was much stronger than she, and there was no use fighting against it. The scene around her changed once again, and daylight graced the still unknown planet. In the distance, high pitched laughter chimed through the trees. Once again, Rey made her way to the source of the sound. Her foot caught on something, causing her to fall forward onto the hard ground. With a groan, Rey looked to see what had caused her fall. A small, human-like doll. Her eyes narrowed as she picked up the figurine and caressed it gently. It was the same one from her vision of Kylo Ren. Rey swallowed as an uneasy feeling washed over her completely. More laughter in the distance broke Rey from her thoughts. She dropped the doll as if it had caught fire, not wanting to even consider Kylo Ren as she sought to make her way through the planet. But almost as soon as she returned to her task, Rey was once again falling. Rey panted as she opened her eyes, for the briefest of moments hoping that she would still be in the midst of her vision. How could it end just like that? What was it all supposed to mean? Rey wanted nothing more than to remain in the world of his vision. But much to her chagrin, as her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she soon noticed that she was once again in the grotto on Ahch-To. But Rey was forced to ignore the throbbing pang of grief in her chest at the loss. There were more pressing matters to attend to: the water level had risen quite a bit, and she struggled to remain standing while keeping her head above water. She had been out of it for so long that the tides had begun to change. With one last, longing look at the runes on the cave wall that had triggered such an intense vision, Rey turned to make her way out of the grotto. As she moved to propel herself forward, however, something seemed to keep her right foot from moving. She attempted to pull yet again, but it seemed that a portion of her legging was caught underneath the water. She struggled yet again, it was as if whatever her legging had been caught on had a death grip. The water level continued to rise as Rey struggled with her legging. “Son of a bantha,” She murmured to herself. But as she did so, her mouth began to fill with salt water. Gasping for a breath air, Rey submerged herself in the water. Opening her eyes under the surface, she searched for whatever could have so tightly snagged her clothing. It did not take long for her eyes to land on the rock that had pinned a part of her clothing to the grotto floor. Summoning all of her strength, she pushed the rock. But the heavy stone did not budge. Her chest grew tight as the breath she was holding threatened to burst out of her. She stood up, her head barely emerging from the water. Through her nose, she was able to suck in the last of the air as the rising tide filled the grotto. Rey submerged herself again, immediately trying to remove the rock. But the weight would not budge. Come on. Rey told herself, c oncentrate. She closed her eyes, focusing all of her energy and concentration on moving the rock in front of her. She pushed the heavy stone once again, feeling the weight give slightly. But the shift was not enough for her to free her trapped leg. She closed her eyes again, willing the energy around her to help her. With a final, forceful push, Rey summoned all of her energy. The rock moved a few inches, enough for her to pull away easily. Frantically, she began to swim to the grotto’s entrance. Her chest was beginning to feel tight once again as her need for oxygen became much more dominant. She propelled herself faster than she had ever swam before. When she finally cleared the cave’s entrance, she gasped for air. Her lungs filled with so much oxygen that they burned when she finally released her breath. Her heart was hammering, adrenaline coursing through her veins. She took a moment, attempting to relax herself and catch her breath before she swam back to her base camp. The sun had risen high in the sky, and she needed to return to her master before he grew worried about her. She swallowed hard, wondering as she began to gently paddle away from the grotto just how much she should reveal to Luke Skywalker. What she had seen made no sense to her, and Luke would be able to help. And yet, there was something about her vision that had felt so deeply personal – she did not want to share it. Rey began to paddle; at least she had the entire swim back to decide. Rey was still drenched when she finally reached her master’s homestead on the main island. It was the early afternoon, and she had lost much of her morning to the grotto. Rey knew she was late for her daily training with Luke; she could only hope her master would not be too harsh on her. She opened the rickety door, hoping to silently enter the homestead. But the constant dropping of water from her clothing and hair gave her away with each squish. “You were up very early this morning,” A voice came from behind her. Rey whirled around, her wet hair whipping her in the face as she did so. Her master stood at the hearth behind her, she had been so preoccupied with entering silently that she did not even notice him standing there. Luke regarded her skeptically, his well-trained eyes boring deep into her. Rey shuffled her feet, looking down so she did not meet his gaze. “I could not sleep.” “Ah,” Her master looked at her curiously. Rey tried to sense what he was thinking, but he remained neutral in both expression and mind. Despite all indications otherwise, she could not shake the feeling that Luke Skywalker was judging her. Without another word, her master turned back towards the makeshift hearth in the homestead. Over a dimly lit fire was a pot of boiling water. Luke stirred the pot gently before adding something that Rey did not recognize to it. “Go and dry yourself. We will begin your training later this afternoon.” Rey did as she was commanded. But even as she changed into much more comfortable and dry training clothes, her thoughts continued to wander back towards the vision that she had earlier that day. Did her master know what she had seen? Could he sense that she was keeping something from him? She did not know, but she could only hope. When she reappeared fully dry, her master was pouring the boiling water into two small mugs. Rey inhaled the calming aroma of chamomile. As she walked over, Luke handed her a steaming cup of the freshly made tea. She took it gladly. As the brought the steaming cup to her lip, her master regarded her, “Perhaps the reason that you are unable to sleep soundly in the night is because of your force bond.” Rey paused, the cup of tea still at her lips. Already, she could feel the anger boiling up inside of her. It took every ounce of control in her body not to visibly react to her master’s words. Instead, she raised her eyebrows, waiting for him to continue. “Perhaps it is better that we spend today practicing both meditation and control.” Luke eyed her, “Having a well-disciplined mind may help to calm your nightmares.” In an involuntary motion, her eyes rolled upwards at her master’s suggestion. Luke Skywalker started at her for a moment, and Rey braced herself for a vicious scolding. But it never came; her master chose to disregard her own ignorance. Instead, he took a small sip of his own tea before saying, “I am afraid from here on in, your training will have to be more intense.” Her lips curled upward in a smile and all previous anger and resentment that she felt towards her master dissipated almost immediately. Perhaps now she would learn more about what it really meant to be a Jedi, rather than just practicing asceticism and meditation. “I am sensing that, very soon, our time on Ahch-To will end.” Luke continued as he finished the tea. “It will be best that you are prepared for whatever may come your way.” Rey raised her brows, attempting to appear surprised by the news. She had the same feeling; she had for days now. But she could not help but shake the feeling that her path would be a different one that Luke Skywalker’s. She had to wonder if Luke felt it to, but she did not dare bring it up. It would only lead to another lecture about discipline and following the way of the Jedi. As she finished her last sip of the chamomile tea, she looked to her master, “What do you think will happen next?” “That, I cannot see.” Her master sounded as if he almost regretted the words, “There has been no word from the Resistance on the holo-pad that Chewbacca gave us before he returned to Leia. But, nevertheless, we will have to work just as hard to make sure that you are ready whenever that time comes.” Rey set the cup of tea down, her thoughts wandering to the beleaguered Resistance. She thought back on her friends, on Finn and BB-8. All of them seemed worlds away, so far removed from her and everything she had accomplished in the past few months. She thought of what Luke had said, the possibility of returning to the Resistance and life there. Could she do it? “If we do go back, Master, things would not be the same, would they?” The words that had come out of her mouth were less of a question and more of an observation. The gnawing feeling deep in her gut every time she thought of the Resistance was enough of an answer for her. Luke Skywalker shook his head, “No, I do not believe that they would. When my father was a padawan, the Jedi were revered and used for their counsel and wisdom precisely because they were personally removed from situations. I fear that the rise of the First Order, this fight has become far too personal. We will both have to be very careful not to mix our own personal feelings with the goals of the Resistance.” Rey’s cheeks flushed at her master’s mentions of her own personal feelings. “Is that why the Jedi cut off all contact with their families?” Rey ignored her master’s comments as she considered the position of the Jedi. “To prevent them from seeing things too personally?” “The Jedi did not want their personal ties to complicate matters.” Luke eyed Rey carefully, “Personal connections, familial ties – they can lead to irrational fear. Fear that loved ones will be put in danger. Fear for their lives. My old mentor once told me that fear is the path to the dark side, and the Jedi must stand firmly on the side of the light.” Rey looked at her master, her cheeks burning as he explained it all to her. Her own fear and anxiety had been growing as her time spent on Ahch-To progressed. Fear of leaving the planet, fear of facing this strange and confusing force bond with Kylo Ren, fear for her friends in the Resistance. Rey was, in fact, full of fear. Her eyes shifted downward, hoping that her master could not see her shame. But if Luke Skywalker suspected anything of his young padawan, he did not let on. When her embarrassment and uncertainty dissipated, Rey finally looked up at her master, “Is that why you left? Why you came here? Because of fear?” Luke regarded the young woman before him carefully. She could feel his eyes boring into her, and she immediately regretted asking the question. She was certain he would dismiss it, directing her instead to begin her training for the day. But much to her surprise, he did not. “I left the Resistance in its earliest stages because I felt as though I was no use to it.” Luke swallowed, “I had become invested in the cause, going so far as to sending my young apprentice on missions for the Resistance.” As Luke told his story, Rey tried to picture it. The newly formed Jedi Academy, with a young Ben Solo has his apprentice. Her breath hitched in her throat as she tried to imagine what he could have possibly been. She flushed at the mere thought of it. “When I failed in my mission, when I failed the Resistance and my family, I had begun to feel true fear for the future of the, of the galaxy.” Luke’s voice broke as he recounted his story. Rey watched on, unsure if she should say anything else. But her master continued, “I began to think I would do anything to prevent the outcome I feared the most.” “And that was when you left,” Rey finished the thought for him. Her master nodded, “The battle had become too personal for me; that is not the way of the Jedi. And so I exiled myself here to calm my own fear and to continue my studies as a Jedi knight. So that I would not be tempted by my own fear and the dark side.” Rey looked at the empty cup of chamomile tea in her hands. Small residue from the leaves circled the rim in a delicate pattern. As she eyed the residue, she could not help but think of a man halfway across the galaxy and his own path to the dark side. If fear was truly the path, then what was he so fearful of? Chapter 4 : Mind Games Notes: Good evening lovelies! I apologize that this has been update so late. I also apologize that it is so short. But this does have a lot of important information here. Also, I feel as though I should note, the Disciples of Ragnos is from the Extended Universe – if you're interested I would look in to them. I just want to say thank you to very who stuck by Balance, and this story as well. I know my writing/updating schedule has been crazy – it's actually a New Year's Resolution of mine to work on it. So, it is my plan to have more updates coming at you soon! Kylo Ren looked out at the vast expanse before him. The darkened sky was highlighted by bright stars from systems far away. He looked out proudly at the expanse before him, knowing that he and the First Order were slowly bringing each of those systems under their control. The desolate planet that hovered just below the star destroyer Retaliator would soon fall as well. Even now, storm troopers were bringing the last remnants of the Resistance on the planet to heel. Soon enough, elite forces were ensuring that the planet and its inhabitants would be amenable to the First Order's cause. If all went according to plan, Kylo would receive vital information from one such inhabitant. He could not help but fear a brief surge of pride at all of the latest developments in his mission. He could feel the summons like a faint pulse in the corner of his mind, interrupting his more pleasant thoughts. Supreme Leader Snoke was calling for him. Immediately, Kylo Ren broke from his peaceful musings to attend to much more pressing matters. It would not do him well to keep the Supreme Leader waiting for too long. He turned on his heel from his command spot on the bridge of the Retaliator he now commanded. Undoubtedly, his master would want updates on the progress of the mission entrusted to him. Kylo Ren walked briskly as he made his way to Supreme Leader Snoke's receiving chamber. Storm troopers stepped aside, parting the way as he marched down the corridors of the destroyer. "Excuse me, Lord Ren," A voice disturbed his thoughts, causing the knight to pause. Kylo turned to see a young officer shifting under the knight's scrutiny. Kylo was about to punish the insolence of the lowly ensign that dared to interrupt him, but his mood was still pleasant and he was feeling rather generous. "Yes, Ensign?" Underneath his helmet, Kylo Ren sounded terrifying. The young officer looked askance as he relayed the message, "We have just received word from the forces on the ground. The sacking of the planet's capital city was a success. Moreover, the target has been found and subdued. They will return shortly with the prisoner, my lord." "Very well, Ensign Rake," Kylo's voice boomed with authority. Although the helmet masked his tone well, there was no denying that he was pleased with the news. Now he would have a substantial update to relay to his master. "When the landing team has returned, immediately prepare the prisoner for extraction." The quaking ensign nodded before turning away from Kylo, scurrying off to complete his new orders. Kylo turned once more, making his way to Snoke's receiving chamber. His master's summons had become stronger the more the apprentice delayed: the pulsing feeling in his mind had now become a pounding that could no longer be ignored. The door to the receiving chamber opened quickly as he approached, and upon crossing the threshold, the pounding in his mind stopped entirely. Snoke's holographic projection was already there, waiting for him to arrive. When he reached the center of the room, he took to his knees and lowered his gaze in deference to his master. But Supreme Leader Snoke did not have time for any further stalling. A raspy voice asked, "Have you any updates on your new mission, Lord Ren?" Kylo unlocked the back of his helmet and removed the mask before he nodded, "The defector has been found cowering on a moon of Mandalore, master. He has been secured and is being prepared for extraction as we speak." "Very good," The pleasure was evident in Snoke's voice, and Kylo Ren beamed with pride. He was determined to prove himself since the unfortunate incident on Starkiller Base, where he had let the scavenger girl slip away after she had managed to momentarily subdue him. A fluke that should not have happened. His blood began to boil in both anger and shame at the memory. "I trust you will be giving our new guest a most hospitable welcome." Kylo's lips curled upward in a most devious smirk, "Of course, sir." "Find out what the defector knows by any means necessary, Lord Ren. It is imperative that we have confirmation before we move forward with our plans." Kylo Ren nodded at his master's orders, which he was always happy to oblige, "It will be done, Supreme Leader." With a wave of his hand, Supreme Leader Snoke dismissed him. Kylo Ren turned to leave the receiving room. He secured his helmet as walked towards the door; he would not want his face to betray his giddiness at the delightful turn of events. As he made his way out of the doors and into the cold corridors of the ship, his thoughts drifted towards his new prisoner. If the defector could confirm their suspicions, and their plan moved forward without any delays, the fate of the entire galaxy would change irrevocably. He would be able to surpass the legacy of his own grandfather, and bring the galaxy under the influence of the Dark Side once and for all. His thoughts of dark grandeur carried him to the opposite side of the destroyer, where his new guest would be waiting for him. He entered the extraction chamber to find the defector strapped on to the upright gurney, unable to move. Excellent, he thought to himself as he circled his prisoner like a predator about to pounce on his prey. The defector's eyes went wide at the first site of his captor, and he began to tremble. "Elix Magistar," Kylo's mechanical voice boomed as he took his position in his prisoner's direct line of vision. He eyed the defector curiously; the man was over twenty years his senior, with sporadic flecks of gray in his dark hair. But the man looked much older than that, much more worn down. Perhaps his cowardice had caused such premature aging. There was also the unmistakable hint of Corellian brandy about the room. Had the man truly been drunk as the time of his capture? It was no mystery as to why the invasion went as smoothly as it did. Inwardly, Kylo scoffed at the pathetic nature of his new captive. The defector's eyes went wide at the use of his given name, and not the pseudonym he had been falsely registered under for over a decade. Immediately, the old man began to quake on his gurney. "Please, please – you've got the wrong guy. Whatever you think I did, I promise I didn't do it. I'm just a miner. I didn't do anything." "Silence," With a wave of a hand, all sound coming from the mouth of the defector ceased. Instead, all that the prisoner could do was choke on his own words. Kylo Ren had no need for the man's useless begging. "You defected from the Disciples of Ragnos years ago. The First Order has been tracking the whereabouts of surviving Disciples, Magistar. We have been aware of your location for quite some time – it is no use lying to us." Kylo released his hold on the man's throat, allowing him to respond. The older man was shaking in the gurney as he stammered, "The – the Disciples are all but extinct. The Republic saw to that. I had no choice but to run from them. They would have killed me with the rest of them." Kylo Ren was growing exasperated with the man's excuses. He did not have time for the man's stalling. With a single wave of his band, the man's chain of excuses once again devolved into a mere choking sound. As the captive realized his means of communication was now cut off, Kylo Ren sized him up. The defector was barely versed in the Force, having only a mild sensitivity. Peripherally, however, Kylo could sense that the man had come into contact with some very powerful people. From underneath his helmet, the dark knight's lip contorted into a smirk. This was what he needed to find out. "You have information that I need on the Disciples of Ragnos," Kylo boomed as he circled Magistar, "I have no desire to listen to your excuses anymore." Slowly, he began to push himself into the thoughts of the man strapped to the gurney. With very little difficulty, Kylo began to probe his way into his captive's mind. Elix Magistar cried out in agony at the intrusion. Kylo paid no attention to the man's shrieks. He pushed in further, until Magistar's mind fully gave way to his demands. The drunken defector's mind put up no resistance to the Kylo's intrusion. Through the Corellian brandy clouded confusion that was Magistar's memories, Kylo Ren searched for what he was looking for. His memories were there, but jumbled in a way that the dark knight could not make sense of. The brandy had taken its toll on the man. He could only pull small bits of relevant memories to the forefront of Elix Magistar's mind: a dark planet nestled within the Outer Rim territories, a group of refugees that looked battle-worn and haggard, and an eerily familiar luscious green forest with an abundance of both flora and fauna within it. The last bit of memory caused Kylo Ren to pull back with wonder for a brief moment. He had been to that forest before, in his Force visions with the young scavenger girl. Perhaps she truly was the one that they had been searching for all this time… The thought made his lips twist upward into a smile. With a renewed vigor, Kylo Ren pushed deeper into his captive's mind. He could hear the incessant shrieking from the man strapped in the chair, he could feel the man's writhing in the chair – physically trying to remove himself from the painful intrusion. But the dark knight paid no mind to it. He was not at all concerned with the well-being of the man in front of him. He pierced much deeper than he had before, sifting through memories of cowardice and hiding in the years following the reconstruction of the Republic and the new senate's rise to glory. Kylo ignored the irrelevant information floating around in the man's head, focusing on what he had come for… The same group of refugees that he had seen in the man's head before once again appeared at the forefront of his mind. Although now, the refugees had set up their own settlements on the familiar planet. At that instant, the name of the planet surfaced in Magistar's mind. They were rebuilding the once great planet of Moraband. The knight of Ren's eyebrows lifted at that new information. Kylo watched from Elix Magistar's perspective as the man trudged around the settlement, checking on the wellbeing of the various refugees. But his eyes lingered longer than they should have on one in particular. To Kylo Ren, this young woman was, for the most part, was wholly unremarkable. The only thing that piqued his interest was that he could sense that she was mildly sensitive to the Force. But to Magistar, on the other hand, that woman was the center of the galaxy. She was so close to him, and yet wholly out of his reach. Her status within the refugees – the Disciples of Ragnos – was far above his own now. Where she had once been his trusted confidant and friend, he could only admire her from afar. And yet, the man would do anything for her, including kill or die for her. He would do whatever he could to protect her and her ch-. Just then a young toddler, no more than two years old, came bouncing over towards the woman. With all of the affection of a proud and happy mother, the young woman picked up the child and lifted it above her head. The child let out a high pitched giggle at the action; the entire settlement turned around to watch, looking on with both pride and hope at the child. He could even sense a hint of fear in the back of Magistar's mind. But why? Kylo Ren startled back in shock. He could sense the utmost power coming from the child. While the mother was only, at best, mildly force-sensitive, the child was radiating with raw and untrained power. It was a power, an aura which he had most certainly felt once before. Kylo pressed further into his captive's memories, focusing solely on the child. The scenery changed, and the woman in the picture looked more tired, more frightened. Kylo could sense the defector's fear in the memory too – their location had been discovered by the New Republic. Magistar had to protect the young woman and the child. The child was older now, but only by a year or so. There were signs that time had passed; the child was walking with much more ease. It stood taller, and had longer wisps of hair that had been pulled back into three distinct bun on the back of its head. Within Elix Magistar's memories, Kylo Ren gasped. Kylo had his confirmation. Immediately, Kylo Ren retreated back from his captive's memories, ignoring Magistar's shrieks of pain as a result of the haste of the process. Leaving the defector immobilized on the gurney, he turned from the room. He signaled to the storm troopers to remove the captive to a holding cell as he stormed out of the extraction room. He did not have time to deal with the captive now. It was his duty to report the news to his master; Supreme Leader Snoke would no doubt be pleased with the latest development. With a renewed sense of purpose, Kylo hastened to the receiving room for his master. His intense gait was enough for storm troopers to purposefully dodge his path. But he paid the faceless underlings no mind. He had more pressing matters to attend to. He made it to the receiving room rather quickly. As the doors to the great hall were once again opened before him, Kylo Ren stepped in to the room. Before him sat the Supreme Leader, in all his grandeur. Kylo Ren dutifully fell to his knees, a sign of deference to the Supreme Leader. From his genuflection on the ground, Ren looked up to his master. Without as much as an introduction or a greeting, Kylo Ren stated breathlessly, "All of our suspicions have been confirmed, Supreme Leader. The scavenger girl was the one with the Disciples of Ragnos." "So it has been confirmed," Snoke's voice bellowed through the large receiving chamber. He sounded pleased, and he raised a holographic hand to his chin in deep thought. Kylo Ren shifted from his position on the ground uncomfortably; it was odd to see the Supreme Leader in such a state. Kylo was unsure of how best to react. "Yes, Supreme Leader," Kylo Ren replied from his kneeling position. He bowed his head lower to the ground in deference; he was relieved to be able to bring good news before Snoke. After his last mistake on Starkiller, the Supreme Leader would not take kindly to yet another failure. Kylo feared what his reaction would have been. "And this puts you, Lord Ren, in a peculiar position now. How fares your bond with the girl?" The question was cold and deliberated, and for Supreme Leader Snoke, there could only been one correct answer. Kylo could feel the hologram's gaze pointed directly at him. He shifted under the gaze uncomfortably, but kept his voice even as he answered Snoke's pressing question. "It remains strong, Supreme Leader. While I cannot locate her, I am able to sense her feelings: her doubts and her fears. She is unable to mask them from me for very long; it is easy for me to deliberately speak to her while she is dreaming." "Excellent," There was no inflection in the imposing hologram's voice, nothing that betrayed his master's thoughts on Kylo visiting the girl through the Force while she slept. But Kylo could sense that his master was pleased with the developments, and what it meant now for their plan. "You must now do what you can to strengthen the connection you have with the girl. It is only through that connection that we will able to fully use her potential. To finish what the Disciples started." Beneath his mask, Kylo Ren's lips curled upward in a small smile as he thought about the power that he would be able to achieve once everything that he worked so hard for was realized. He was so close to finally achieving the greatness that his grandfather once held – all he had to do was harness the scavenger's untapped potential. When Rey awoke the next morning, the air on Ahch-To seemed to weigh down on her heavier than usual. Her mentor had taken on a more serious attitude in recent days, and that seriousness had easily translated into his training with Rey. Everything had taken one a new meaning upon the discovery of the force-bond. Every moment was far too precious to spend wasted in swimming and exploration of the multiple islands. No, Rey had to now dedicate all of her time and energy to training for the inevitable day of reckoning. Luke Skywalker had been training her in the arts of shielding her mind and emotions from people would seek to invade it. Rey initially had protested the exercise; after all, she had been able to resist Kylo Ren once before. But Luke wanted Rey to master the skill, and that required more practice. And so, her master insisted on deliberately trying to invade her mind in order for Rey to successfully, and repeatedly, keep him at bay. Rey could feel Luke Skywalker probing around her head, searching for any crack in her armor that would let him in. His attempts were much gentler than her previous experience with Kylo Ren, and it felt as though Luke was going easy on her. Or, perhaps, he underestimated the cruelty that his own nephew could inflict upon others. No matter the cause, Rey held firm, determined that she at least be successful in this one test of skill. But Luke persisted, the intensity of his attacks on her mind increasing with each failed attempt. It was apparent now that he had been going easy on her. Rey's head began to pound as she continuously blocked him. She sucked in her breath, determined to focus all of her energy and concentration on the task at hand. Sweat pooled at her temples as her whole body began to quiver from the strain of the exercise. Rey did not know how long she would be able to hold off her mentor. She could already feel her strength draining from every part of her body. She found herself pushing back on Luke, using the same defensive tactic that she employed on Starkiller. But it was no use; Luke was better skilled in blocking her retaliation than her previous opponent had been. Suddenly, as if a wave had come crashing down upon her, all of Rey's energy disappeared. The wall that she had put up between her mind and Luke came crashing down, and she could feel her master use that to his advantage. He was suddenly inside her head, pouring through her own memories before she even had the chance to force him out once again. Before she could even think, Rey was reliving her most recent vision. She could see the dark forests of the planet that she could not yet name. She could see the desolate campsite and ruined temples of her visions. She could sense the overwhelming connection to the place she had never been. It was all laid out in front of her, and in front of Luke Skywalker, like a book waiting to be read. Rey trusted her master, knowing he would never intentionally search through her memories. In her previous failed attempts, he had been able to break down her wall and pull back before any of her secrets were revealed. But this time was different; the memory surfaced before either master or padawan had time to react to it. Luke instantly pulled back, retreating from her memories like a child who had touched the scalding surfaced of a recently used ship engine for the first time. When Rey finally surfaced from her memories, gasping for air from the exertion, she noticed that Luke had retreated back from her as well. He stood a few paces back from where he had initially been, as if distancing himself as far as possible from her. Rey looked away from her master, ashamed of her own memories. While she had kept them from Luke intentionally, Rey had not imagined that they could possibly be that bad. After all she had little to information other than what she could gather from her own feelings from the visions. Perhaps, though, Luke Skywalker could shed some light on the true meanings behind these force visions. Reluctantly, she brought her gaze back up to her master, "What do you think it all means?" Luke shook his head, "That I do not know. But whatever you have seen, whether they be your own memories or a vision of the future, I do sense that the place you saw was shrouded in darkness." The way in which Luke's words hung in Ahch-To's stale air made Rey suspect that there was more that he was not telling her. Should she have pressed the matter more? A large part of her was desperate for more information. How could she not be? She gave her master a more pointed look, "There is something else you are not telling me. What is it? What is about that place?" Rey waited, half expecting a rebuke for the accusatory tone she took with her mentor. But none came. Luke regarded her for a few more moments before speaking, "I do not claim to have any insight as to the true meaning behind your vision. I can only infer based upon my own understanding of the Force." Rey looked at him, waiting for him to go on. Luke inhaled, "The planet has a name – Moraband. Are you familiar with it?" Rey shook her head; no, she was not familiar with the planet at all. She had not come across it in her brief studies, nor had she ever heard of the planet at the trading outposts on Jakku. When Rey did not say anymore, Luke continued, "It was once the home planet of the Sith. The planet has been abandoned for centuries, from my understanding." The Sith. There was a name Rey had recognized, and it was enough to send chills up her spine. "But the Sith don't exist anymore, right? Weren't the last of the Sith destroyed with the Empire?" Luke shifted uncomfortably at the question, "They were." Rey's brow furrowed, "But why did I see this? What does any of this have to do with me?" Her master eyed her, regarding her skeptically, "I cannot say. Perhaps the planet has a tie to your past, perhaps it has a tie to your future. You do not recall ever having been there before?" Rey shook her head; all of her memories of her life before being abandoned on Jakku were naturally fuzzy. She had been so very young at the time. But the planet had seemed familiar to her, as if she had been there before. She shifted uncomfortably, casting her eyes downward as she contemplated this all. Could she really have some tie to the planet of the Sith? Her stomach turned into a knot at such a thought. Luke seemed to notice her discomfort. Clearing his throat, he looked squarely at her, "We do not know the true nature of this vision, what it could mean. Even if there is some tie to your past, it does not define you. I chose to not follow the path that my father took, and so the choice remains yours alone. If, at all, your past was shrouded in darkness, you can always choose the light." Rey bristled with indignation at the implication that she would ever chose anything but. A part of her wanted to fire back at her master for suggesting such a thing. But she bit her tongue and held back any sort of response; she had a feeling that anything she said would only be met with more chiding from Luke. "Have these visions been weighing you down?" Luke posed the question, and there was nothing but concern for his padawan in his eyes. Rey nodded, as she ran her hand through the back of her hair. She did not look to her master as she admitted, "They frighten me." But as the words came out, Rey instantly regretted them. Master Luke had told her time and time again that fear was the path to the dark side. Her words hung in the stale air like an admission of guilt. She looked back up at her master, trying to gauge his reaction to her own confession. The look in his eyes told her he was thinking the same thing.