If you hear a scream at night, count to ten and close your eyes. A demon lurks. One cannot fight, Leaving bed would not be wise. If you hear a laugh by you, Whoopdie doopdie doo doo doo “Ben will you take this seriously?” Hux scolded and hit his partner on the shoulder. “This story has to be done by the thirty-first.” Ben laughed and erased the last part. “Calm down, babe. This is just too funny.” Hux sighed. “Don’t call me babe and it’s not funny. If I can do this, if we can do this, then they’ll allow us in the writing program.” “I’m already in the writing problem.” Ben said. “I got my letter last month. Early acceptance.” “And you didn’t tell me?” Hux hit him on the shoulder again. “How is this not something you’d share with me?” “I didn’t think you’d want to know.” He shrugged. “Now, what can come after ‘If you hear a laugh by you?’” “I don’t know. Shit, why did I think this would be a good idea. I can’t write horror.” Hux fell into his seat. “I’ve only ever written romance.” “There’s a lot of romance in the horror genre.” Ben wiggled his eyebrows. “You just got to dig through the blood and gore.” “Sex is not romance.” Hux muttered. “Of course it is.” Hux looked over at Ben. “You would think so.” “Sex is romantic, Hux.” He said. “No, it can be romantic to have sex, but sex itself is not romantic.” “So, the first time we had sex, you didn’t just fall in love with me?” Ben asked. Hux rolled his eyes. “No? I’m hurt.” “You’re insufferable and I’ve decided that you can leave and I’ll write this on my own.” “But then who will keep the boogie man away?” Ben grinned. “Insufferable. Definitely.” “You love me.” Ben shrugged. “Besides, if you really go through with writing this about the Eller mystery, then you’ll need someone to protect you.” “You don’t actually believe in that shit, do you, Solo?” “Of course I do. Haven’t you ever wondered why all the trees are dead at the Old Eller House?” Ben said in a raspy voice, getting closer to him. “Things lurk there in the night.” “Nope, I’m not doing this with you.” Hux pushed Ben away. Ben laughed. “Come on, Hux, lighten up. Of course I don’t believe in the Eller legend, I just think that people will be angry that you’re bringing it back up.” “It’s been thirty years. You would think the town would be over it by now.” Hux sighed. “I mean it wasn’t even as gruesome compared to other murders.” “I think it had something to do with the fact that a child did it.” Ben said. “Or at least that’s what the rumor was.” “Still, I’ve read about more horrifying things. I’m just going for shock factor.” “Great, you’ll be a great horror writer.” Ben laughed. He looked at the time. “Shit, I have to go.” “What? Where?” Ben got up from the bed in Hux’s room. “I promised my mom that I’d be back in time for dinner and since I skipped out last time, if I do it again, she’ll actually kill me.” “And then I’d be able to write about you, too.” Hux smirked. “Ass.” Ben said and got his backpack. “I’ll be back later, yeah?” “Yeah, sure.” Ben smiled and bent down to kiss Hux. It was fairly quick kiss. “How’s that for romance?” “Poor. Come back tonight and we’ll test your theory.” Hux said. Ben raised an eyebrow. “The sex theory.” “I know.” He laughed and placed another quick kiss against Hux’s lips. “I’ll be back.” Hux sighed the moment the door closed and turned his attention back to the computer screen. “Alright, you piece of shit, lets get you written.” Hux’s head snapped up the moment his door opened. “Ben?” No one answered back. Hux turned around but there was nothing there. His door was slightly open. “Ben, you’re such a fucking asshole. Get in here.” Ben laughed and pushed the door open more. “Hey.” “You’re not funny.” Hux huffed. “I thought it was funny.” He said as he plopped down on Hux’s bed. “Did you get very far into the story?” “Not really. I’m about seven hundred words in and the story’s gone nowhere.” “I doubt it’s gone nowhere.” He replied. “Let me read it.” “No, it’s horrible. I should just delete it and start over.” Ben took the laptop off Hux’s desk anyway. Hux didn’t really have the energy to wrestle it away from him. It took him about five minutes to read all of what Hux wrote. “You’re an idiot.” “What?” Ben smiled at him. “This is great. Nothing’s happened because it’s a build up, you dummy.” Hux frowned. “Oh shut up and give me the laptop back.” He laughed as he handed it back. Hux put it back on the desk. “So, are you due for a break?” “I think so. How long of a break are we talking about, here?” Hux asked. “As long as it takes for me to make you cum.” Ben smirked. “Hmm, well in that case, yes. Break time sounds good.” He pulled Hux on top of him so that he now had his legs on either side of Ben’s thighs. Hux kissed him, slow and precise. Ben bit down on Hux’s bottom lip and only released it to say, “Tell me what you want.” “I want your mouth around my cock.” Hux sighed. Ben kissed him again. It was neither slow or precise. “Get up.” He demanded. Hux listened. Ben got up, too and fixed his erection in his pants. Hux couldn’t stop looking. “Take off your pants, babe.” Ben grinned. “Then get on the bed.” Hux unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them to the ground. He was about to pull off his briefs, too, but Ben stopped him “No, just the jeans. Get on the bed.” Hux turned red and obeyed. Ben crawled over him. “I’m gonna make you cum so hard that you’ll write novels about it.” “Ben, will you- Hux didn’t get a chance to finish what he was saying before Ben rubbed his nose against his bulge. An involuntary moan escaped from Hux’s mouth. He could feel Ben grin. “I’m already off to a good start.” “Fuck you.” Ben laughed. “You could, if you wanted.” Hux groaned. “Can you ge- It would seem that Ben was toying with him, now. Very obviously cutting him off. Although Hux didn’t mind since Ben was tracing the outline of his cock with his tongue. “You’re nice and hard for me.” Ben murmured against him. Hux whined. Ben kissed the head of Hux’s cock through the fabric before moving up and taking the waistband in his teeth. He pulled down enough that his cock was peeking out. This was apparently enough for Ben because a second later, he had Hux’s cock in his mouth. Hux closed his eyes and groaned. His fingers were clenching his comforter. Ben hummed to the sound, but other than that, kept his head still. “Fuck, please… move.” Hux said and gasped as Ben obliged. He took him all in and then out, he repeated the action in a steady rhythm. Hux moved his hand to Ben’s head and entwined his fingers through his hair. Hux knew that he wouldn’t last long. “Ben… fuck, I’m close.” Ben didn’t pull away, though. He kept going. Working until Hux felt the pull in his stomach, the tension in his balls and the release down Ben’s throat. Then he pulled away and grinned up at Hux. “Good, huh?” Hux took a deep breath. “No one likes braggers.” “But I’m a bragger who gives amazing blowjobs.” Ben laughed. “You know, if this were a horror movie, one of us would die soon.” “Why would you even say that?” He asked as he pulled up his briefs. “That’s hardly appropriate.” “Well, I mean, we just committed a sexual act and then that’s when shit goes down. You should know this since you’re writing a horror story.” “I’m not going to have sex in my story. That’s hardly appropriate to turn into admissions.” Hux sniffed. Ben crawled up to him and straddled his lap. “We’re adults, babe. They know that. You can definitely write in a crazy hot sex scene and then kill one of them off. Fuck, you can even have them be married and have the little demon girl kill them. It’ll be fun. There’s the shock value.” Ben nuzzled his neck. “Have fun with it. If you take it too seriously, it’ll kill you.” “I don’t appreciate that pun.” Hux mumbled. “It wasn- Something shattered in the distance. “Not a-fucking-gain.” “What?” Ben asked as he got off of Hux’s lap. Hux got up from the bed and slipped his pants back up. “A few months ago, after Logan found us kissing at the library, they started throwing bricks through my windows with… with words and I thought it stopped, but the fucking assholes must have started it again.” Ben followed Hux through the house, but nothing was out of place. The windows were in tact and there was no glass anywhere. “Okay, what the hell…” Hux took a deep breath and looked at Ben. “If this is another one of your pranks, I’ll have you know, I don’t think it’s cute.” “This isn’t me… maybe we should call the police?” Ben asked. “If it’s those assholes again…” “Ben, Logan’s dad is chief of police. If it were those idiots, the police won’t do anything to help us.” Hux sighed. “I don’t think it’s them, though. Maybe we’re imagining things?” “No…” Ben said. “Well, maybe.” “Let’s just go back to the room and work on the story. I don’t feel like dealing with this.” Hux turned on his heel and walked back to the room. He could hear Ben following him. Hux sat down at his desk and opened the laptop. He thought back to what Ben had said about adding the sex scene… and why not? They were adults… and it was a trope that most horror stories used… “Fuck it, I’m stealing your idea, Ben.” Hux muttered and continued writing. “Good.” Hux ignored him and focused on his writing. Orgasms, moaning, the creak of the door; A horrified girl, screaming because she sees the ghost of the girl who murdered her family in cold blood. The girl smiles and offers a hand out. The man is still fucking his wife. The wife reaching out to the girl. Mesmerized and not entirely in control of her actions anymore. The litter girl clasps a hand around her fingers and STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP “What the fuck?” Hux asked and tried to back space. His keyboard wasn’t working. “Ben, do you know how to fix this?” He heard Ben get up and stand behind him. “Restart it, maybe?” “I can’t restart the laptop, I’ll lose all my progress.” “Maybe that’s for the best. It wasn’t very good, anyway.” Ben said. Hux turned around sharply, but no one was there. His eyes widened. He could have sworn… “Ben?” “I’m right here, Hux.” But Hux couldn’t see him. “Okay, this really isn’t funny. I don’t know how you’re doing it, but I’m getting tired of it.” Hux walked out of the room, but Ben wasn’t in the hallway either. He walked back in the room and checked his closet, but it was empty. “Who is trying to be funny? I’m trying to help you.” Ben whispered in his ear. It felt like electricity ran through Hux’s body. He spun around, but again was met with nothing. “No, this can’t…. No.” “What are you talking about, babe?” The voice said again, but he knew better to think that it was Ben. He felt something warm against his side. “Don’t you want my help?” Hux ran out of his room and ignored the creaks coming from behind him. “Ben?” He stopped dead in his tracks as he noticed the blood on the floor. “No…” “Oops, I guess the secret is out, Mister.” A small voice came from behind him. Hux forced himself to turn around. In front of him was a young girl, the Eller kid and a black mass looming behind her. “Who…” “I tried to help you, Mister.” The litter girl said. “But, my friend wants to play. It’s been a long time since he’s been asked to play.” “I didn’t ask … I don’t want to play.” Hux said. He knew that his voice was shaking and he was barely holding himself up. “Of course you do. You and your boyfriend wanted to play. It’s why you called my friend back.” She giggled. “Your boyfriend lost. He’s no good at playing.” Hux felt his heart drop to his stomach. “No…” “It’s okay. My friend says he’ll be playing here for a long time. He’ll get better.” She smiled. “Do you know how to play?” “No.” The little girl looked up at the mass. “You close your eyes, count to ten and when you open them, don’t scream.” Hux took a deep breath. “What happens if I don’t play?” Your soul is mine to keep. Hux froze. “Okay… Okay, I’ll play.” The girl clapped. “Yay! Okay, now close your eyes.” Hux closed his eyes. “Count to ten out loud.” She said. “One… Two… Three…” He felt a coldness seep into his body. “Four… Five…” He couldn’t breathe. “Six… Seven… Eight…” The little girl giggled. “Nine…” He felt something touch his face. “Ten.” “Open!” Hux’s eyes opened and what was right in front of him was so terrifying, so gruesome, that he immediately fainted. He couldn’t remember if he screamed or not. Someone shook him awake. “Fuck, you sleep like the dead.” Hux’s eyes widened. “Ben?” “Who else? Do you have another lover I should worry about?” Ben joked. Hux felt like he could cry. “No… fuck I just had a bad dream.” “Oh, yeah. You were mumbling some things.” Ben shrugged. “But getting back to your story, we should try to finish this rhyme.” “Rhyme?” Hux wiped the sleep from his eyes. “Yeah, rhyme. Don’t tell me you changed your mind.” Ben groaned. “No… no let’s finish that.” Ben put the laptop back on the desk and Hux looked at it. And looked at it. His heart was racing at a million miles per hour. “Are you okay?” Ben asked. No. He wasn’t okay. Because on the screen, in italics were, the words: If you hear a scream at night, count to ten and close your eyes. A demon lurks. One cannot fight, Leaving bed would not be wise. If you hear a laugh by you, Whoopdie doopdie doo doo doo “What? No telling me to take this seriously?” Ben asked. His eyes suddenly didn't look the same. They were darker. “No telling me the deadline?” “Ben?” Hux whispered. The man who looked like Ben smiled. “Guess again.” Someone tapped him on the back and Hux spun in his chair. The little girl stood in front of him. “My friend told me to tell you that you lost the game, but it’s okay. You can play games with us forever now. You'll soon get better.” Fake-Ben got up from the bed and walked over to stand behind the girl. “If it makes you more comfortable for the game, I’ll stay like this. The real Ben has chosen for me to look like you. I can have fun either way.” “The… is he really-” The girl nodded enthusiastically. “No…” Hux muttered. Fake-Ben stepped closer to Hux and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Leave us, Gwen.” The little girl nodded and disappeared. Fake-Ben got on his knees. “Let’s play a game.” Notes: SOOOOO I am sorry for that. I definitely stepped out of my comfort zone for this one, but I hope you enjoyed it, either way. Next up: Dolls! aka my worst nightmare ( : Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Huxloween 2016 series