Primmadonna Girl "I'm serious Lady Esmerelda! I heard them! Your father said he was going to marry you to the highest bidder!", Madori shrieked at her. "You think I'm concerned about the gossip you hear while scrubbing the floor, Madori?", Esme asked her servant in a dismissive manner. "You think I don't know my father intends my betrothal? Why else would we be throwing a party at a time like this? My father invited all the highest ranking officials here for a purpose. The First Order needs a moral boost after the destruction of Star Killer Base", she said whilst sliding a dangling, fire ruby into her ear. "Fasten this", she said, her voice like a whip, handing a matching onyx necklace, encrusted with rubies, to Madori. "All I mean, my lady, is that I am concerned for you. You could be in very real danger", Madori said, picking up a brush and stroking it through Esmerelda's long blonde hair. "Why on the seven moons would that be the case?", she asked, handing her hair pins to Madori. "Your father also had me and the other girls send out the holo invites. One was sent to General Hux-", Madori began. "Ha! He's handsome enough, I suppose. Wife of the frowning, red general, can you imagine?", Esmerleda giggled. "Yes, my lady, but there was another sent...to Kylo Ren". Esme stiffened in her chair. She stared into her vanity mirror with wide eyes, and tried to imagine that masked monster next to her at the altar. Or worse, in her bed. "Father loves me. He would never allow it", she said out loud, more to herself then to Madori. "But he is one of the most powerful, influential men in the galaxy", Madori reminded her. Esmerelda had never formally met Kylo Ren, but she had seen him. Fortunately, he hadn't seen her as worth taking the time to socialize with and she much preferred it that way. Rumors of him slaughtering villages of people or an unlucky storm trooper reached even her planet. That's not to say she was unaccustomed to the deeds that were sometimes necessary for The First Order to retain it's regime. But Kylo Ren raised the bar for not to be trifled with. Kylo Ren scared the absolute stuffing out of her. It was decided. She would simply avoid him at the party. She would stay on General Hux's arm, or her father's all night, and they would protect her. Regaining her confidence, she stood and reached for her party dress. A black satin ball gown. Shortly after, a knock came at the door. "Enter!", Esme called from her mirror. A servant entered, "My lady, your father summons you. The guests have all arrived". "Very well", she replied. Madori finished lacing her corset. She took one last gaze into the mirror. She touched her earring and chuckled to herself, "Madori, I believe it would have been better to loop a price tag through my ear tonight. I wonder who the buyer will be?" Esme trotted down the hall to the ballroom. She heard her heels clicking on the metallic floor. It wasn't that she disliked finery, but tonight, this costume did nothing for her but make her feel like a prize animal at an auction. No more than a well bred taun-taun. She pushed that thought out of her mind. If she was to be bought and sold tonight then she would at the very least enjoy this party. As she entered, two servants blew horns and announced her in a ceremonious, loud, manner, "The lady Esmerleda Pothos!". The ball room glittered like the galaxy. A vast canvas of black, studded with the shimmer of the officials like stars. There were servants scattered about, serving drinks and refreshments. Esme observed one handing an obsidian chalice to her father. She smiled and made her way to him. Esmerelda's father, Crotta Pothos , was a high ranking officer back in the days of the Empire. He had long since retired due to his age and an injury sustained in battle. The First Order had recently thrust him back into a seat of influence, due to his experience and long standing loyalty. "Esme! There you are. You have kept me waiting", Crotta called in a disapproving manner. She twirled then, showing her dress. "Am I not worth waiting for Father?", she asked smiling. "You are indeed. But you have kept our guest of honor waiting, come. I wish you to meet someone", he took her arm and strode across the room. Dancing couples swirled around them. A young woman's dress spun in a storm of color and Esme pulled against her father's grasp. "Papa, I want to dance. Can't it wait?", she pleaded. "No, dear. The man in question waits for no one", he replied with a more serious tone. Esme gave a powerful roll of her eyes and a dissatisfied huff. They reached a great black marble stair case. As they ascended, they were met by General Hux. "General!", Esmerelda chirped happily. "My lady", General Hux replied with a short bow and a kiss of her hand. "Father, had you told me the General of The First Order was our guest of honor I would not have delayed one moment in getting ready!", Esmerelda said, returning his bow with a curtsy. "Surely, Lady Esmerelda, it was worth every moment of waiting for how lovely you are tonight", General Hux said with what smile he could muster for such a serious man. Esmerelda laughed, "You are most kind General. Father, tell me, truly, it was the General you wished me to speak with?". A servant quickly plodded down the stairs with a silver tray. He seemed to be hurrying out of the way. Esme stopped him, holding her hand up, and took a glass of wine from his tray. The boy never met her eyes. He was frantically fixated on what remained at the top of the steps. Crotta took her by the arm again, "I did have someone I wanted you to meet, my dear. But you and the General have met many times already..". "Then who-?", she began. A distorted voice cut through all the pleasantries. Cut through the music. Cut through the party. Cut through her fantasy of a fairy tale wedding like a hot blade. It was as if her glass slipper slid off her foot and shattered then and there. "Captain Crotta, this is the girl? Let's get on with it then. I have many matters to attend to for the Supreme Leader", Kylo Ren said, looking her over. Not that she could tell what he was looking at through that giant hunk of metal on his head. "Well, that was romantic Ren. You may be the Supreme Leader's apprentice but you could show courtesy, to your bride at the very least", General Hux said with a snort. Esmerelda turned suddenly to her father, "What is he talking about?". General Hux looked at Ren, clearly amused with Esmerelda's distaste for him, "My lady, they did not tell you? My deepest sympathies. I offered my suit for your hand but this, for some reason, is what the Supreme Leader agreed to". She ripped her arm away from Crotta, "Father! Please! Anyone else!". "Esmerelda! You insult the Commander! You promised me you would marry-", She cut him off, "I promised to marry Father! I did not promise to die!". A light chuckle emitted from the General. "He will kill me the first time I anger him! You know what he is!", she cried. "Esmerelda!", her father shouted, reaching for her. "NO! I will not do this!", she shouted and turned to run, tears begging to fall from her eyes. By this time, everyone in the party was watching the scene on the steps. She gathered up her dress and sprinted away from them before she stopped. A strange sensation rippled through her. Why couldn't she move? She willed her feet to move, but they did not. Her resolve did not diminish, even when she felt herself being pulled backwards. She continued to pull and pull against the force, against him. The glass in her hand shook. She thought she might drop it. Her whole body was quivering as she tried to will herself out of his spell. She knew she was in his grip. She was lucky he wasn't choking the life out of her. Finally, she felt herself stop at the base of the stairs. The musicians had long since stopped playing, and she could feel all eyes on her. Esme heard his heavy boots on the stairs. Her chest and throat tightened. The tears in her eyes finally fell, without her permission. The footsteps finally stopped, right behind her. His course, heavy breath was in her ear, and the cold metal of his mask seemed to shock the back of her neck. "Hear this now, girl. The Supreme Leader has said I am to marry you, so I will. He has also said, I am not to kill you, so I will not. But, if you ever disobey me or embarrass me in public again, I WILL make you wish you were dead", he growled at her. "You don't have to agree to this. It doesn't have to be you. You don't even want to-", she whispered. "I have my orders", he replied, curtly. "Please-", she started. "Don't beg, girl. Face your fate with some dignity", he said. He took control of her hand, forcing her to drop the wine glass. It shattered on the floor. Kylo Ren pulled her out stretched hand to him with the force. He kept her there and pulled a ring from his belt. He slid it on her finger unceremoniously, and released her from his grip. Esmerelda eyed the ring. It was a dark silver with a ruby the size of her fingernail in it. It was not unattractive on her hand. Being able to pick out jewelry was a fine quality in a husband, but she doubted he had acquired it personally. Kylo Ren stared at her, staring at it, then turned to make his way for the exit. She only had one question. Did she dare to ask? Esme's fatal flaw began to surface. Her courage always rose at every attempt to intimidate her. "My lord!", she cried after him, suddenly in a demanding tone. He stopped sharply and turned to face her. "Could you not wear the helmet to the wedding?", she asked. He gave no response and left. After his departure, the musicians decided it was safe to start up again. Madori suddenly appeared by her side to clean up the broken glass on the floor. "Well that went well..." Chapter 2 Summary: Kylo takes a different approach with his young bride. But, patience has never been his virtue. Esme raced down the hallway. Her vision blurred with tears. Mascara cascaded down her face in heavy black drops. She yanked the hair pins out of her hair, throwing them to the ground. Her necklace followed. Her eyes burned from the make up. How could father let this happen? And why had the Supreme Leader been so specific in his selection? Of all the officials in his employ, why him? Of all the eligible young ladies in the First Order, why her? It could have been anyone else! She wiped her face with her hands. Feeling the cool metal of the engagement ring on her face sent her into a new fit . A loud sob escaped as she tugged the ring off and threw it against the wall. She sank to her knees and looked around the hall at the mess she had made out of her jewelry. The ruby on the ring twinkled at her. Then, she had an idea. /I could take everything of value, sell it, book passage to the edge of the galaxy. I could leave tonight/. She scrambled to pick everything up. A door at the end of the hall opened. She didn't want to see anyone. Esme gathered her jewels, save for the ring, and ran up the stairs. "My lady! Wait!", she heard Madori call after her. Madori's cries were met with the loud thud of Esme's bedroom door slamming. Madori breathed a heavy sigh and began gathering the rest of her mistress's belongings. If Esme didn't learn to behave herself for that Knight of Ren, she would suffer. Madori shivered at the thought. She knew it wouldn't be long now. That beast would put Esmerelda on his ship after a gaudy ceremony, and whisk her away into the stars. In marriage she would be no better than a servant to him. She knew Esme would never concede. Madori felt her sadness envelope her. Esme was little more than a child in Madori's eyes. Her thoughts so consumed her, she barely noticed the pounding boots and dark figure approaching. Kylo Ren stood over Madori. She struggled to find her voice, "M-m--my apologies, s-sir, my lord, lord commander. M--mmy lady she-". Kylo Ren side stepped her and saw the trinkets scattered in the hall, among them the ring he had given the girl. "Your mistress is stubborn. She would be wise to cease that behavior", he said to her, picking up the ring. Madori's hands trembled as she collected her ladyship's things. She said nothing, then she looked up and saw he was staring at her, waiting for a response. "Wisdom comes with age, sir", she managed. She held out a shaking hand for the ring, "I will return her things to her room". "You will", he replied in his distorted voice, "but I will return this". Madori gave a low bow and turned for the steps. This was by far, the most tiresome thing his master had asked of him. What did he need a wife for? The girl was attractive enough, objectively, he told himself. Supreme Leader Snoke made the demand that he took a wife. He would never refuse his master anything, but still he was confused. Kylo's selection had been based purely on appearance and social status. He did not know many women. He knew he would have no time for her and when he did, she would provoke him with her dramatic attitude. Had he known what a handful this woman would turn out to be, he would not have chosen her. Perhaps it was a test. Perhaps the Supreme Leader would send her away once he had passed. She was so apparent with her disdain for him. Her fear and panic announced themselves in explosive proportions to his force sensitive mind. No one would ever see him as anything but a monster. Not that it bothered him. In fact, it was better that way. What did he care if she didn't want to marry him? He viewed it as a business transaction. All she had to do was stand at the altar, say a few words, and-. And leave her family. He pushed those thoughts away. He didn't care. She was merely a pretty ornament for him to trot around political gatherings to show "unity". The defection of a stormtrooper had many officials on edge. Kylo believed that was the purpose for his marriage, to ease concerns and provide distraction. At least he would not be settled with a woman who was unpleasant to look at it. If she did not speak she would be perfect, he mused to himself. The look in her eyes and the thoughts rattling around in her brain when he claimed her came back to him. His grip on the ring in his hand tightened. She would be made to understand, she was his now, and she would obey. He stormed down the hall, not even in her presence, yet angry at her all over again. A soft knock came from Esmerelda's door. She knew it was Madori. "Go away!", she called from her bed. "Don't you want your shoes?", Madori called back. Esme groaned. She crossed the room to the door and sniffled, "Yeah, okay". Madori entered and began putting Esme's affects in their respective drawers. "Kylo Ren found your ring in the hall", Madori said to her, placing her necklace back into the velvet box it had come from. "Good", Esme said, falling back into her bed. "Not good. He means to return it personally", Madori said. Madori crossed the room and began unlacing her lady's corset. Esme let out another groan at the prospect of having to deal with him a second time in one evening, and the release of her rib cage. Madori opened the door to the wash room and started the water. The black marble tub filled quickly. She retrieved two soft towels from the linen closet and placed them on the little table next to the bath. Esme finished removing her dress. A small, glass bottle made the journey with her to the tub. Jasmine trees bloomed all over her home planet, and the scented oil from the flowers were common. She stepped into the steaming water and poured the jasmine oil in. "Did he say he means to come tonight?", she asked Madori. "He did not say when", Madori replied. Esme sighed. She preferred to just get it over with. Madori brushed her hair out from behind the tub. "It doesn't matter, you know. Anything he does. It's of no consequence", Esme chirped. "Her ladyship seems very sure of that...", Madori replied, uninterested. "Oh, I very much am. I won't be marrying him", Esme quipped, "I'm going to run away before the wedding. And because I love you and you love me, you will help me", Esme said. She turned to face Madori, but Madori's face was not a supportive one. "Where will you go?", Madori asked, not looking up from her task. "Far away", Esme replied. "What will you do when you get 'far away'?", Madori asked, she already knew the answer. "What do you mean what will I do? I'll live. I'll be free. I won't have to marry Kylo Ren", Esme answered, becoming angry. "No, my lady, I mean how will you take care of yourself?", Madori asked. "Madori, just sit there, let me stare at you, while you quietly support me. Know your support means everything to me, as well as your tacit endorsement of all my behaviors", Esmerelda turned back around and submerged herself into the water. She would find away. If she sold enough of her jewels she could live comfortably for many years. She could go anywhere. And she could keep a few of them for later if she ever grew desperate. She surfaced again, ready to tell Madori her very logical plan. But the stern look in Madori's eyes told Esme she did not want to hear it. Esme gave an aggravated huff at her old nurse maid and began scrubbing herself. When she felt sufficiently clean, she snapped her fingers. Madori dried Esmerelda and fetched her robe. It was a thin black fabric, the sleeves were trimmed with dark purple feathers. It was long, and cascaded around her feet. "I am going through with my plan Madori, whether you help me or not", Esme snorted at her nurse as she opened the door. Then she gasped. Kylo Ren stood in her room, his back to her. He seemed to be admiring one of the paintings on her wall. "A gentleman knocks before entering a lady's room", she growled at him. "I am not gentle, girl. You would do well to remember that", his vocorder grumbled out of his helmet as he turned to face her. The sight of her in her bath robe, and her wet hair, made him uncomfortable in a way he didn't understand. Esme did not back down. She just kept starring into the blackness that should have been his eyes. "Why are you here?", she demanded. When he did not answer right away, she growled at him, "I WILL call my guards!" "And which of them do you presume will protect you from me?", he nearly chuckled at her. "Last warning, tell me why you're here or get out!", she barked at him. He quickly closed the space between them. Madori put her body between the two of them in defense. "Stand aside, old woman. If I wanted to kill her I would have already", he said calmly. Madori hesitantly moved out of his path. Kylo roughly grabbed Esme's hand, and shoved the ring back on her finger. She gave a little cry of shock at his touch, the leather foreign on her skin. "Don't let me catch you without it again. And since you plan to desert me before our wedding, I will be posting my personal guard to your door", he said flatly. Esme's eyes widened in shock. "I'm sure I don't know what you mean...", she retorted. "Spare me your lies. Your thoughts are as loud as your voice", he spat back at her, "And it was a faulty plan. Do you know how easy it would be for someone to kill you? ". She snorted, "Easy for everyone except you. Mustn't disappoint your master by murdering your bride. As that is the case, stay the hell out of my mind and get the hell out of my room, husband". Kylo Ren's patience left him, and he lifted her about two feet in the air, "You don't give me orders, little wife". "No?", she choked out, "You must not know much about marriage". He dropped her on her butt, then reached over and jerked her up by her left hand. "You will obey me! I am a leader of men. I cannot be seen to not have control over my own wife!", he growled at her. "Fine! Then say that!", she shrieked at him, ripping her hand away, "I live in the public eye too! I know how to keep appearances! If you want me to cooperate as your wife, you will treat me as such! I am NOT one of your damn soldiers!" Kylo grabbed her arm and pulled her to him roughly. For a moment he was sure he would strike her to put her in her place. He raised his hand. Her eyes glared into him and she bared her teeth. Slowly, his fury was over come with reason. If she would behave herself for nothing more than civility, perhaps it would be in his best interest to concede to her petty request. Women were...different. Of this he was certain. A new approach may be needed here. He released her, and dropped to his knee. "What are you doing?", she demanded "If you will adhere to my orders, I will attempt patience. But you must not challenge me as you have done today. Agree to this, and I believe we may come to....understand each other", he cooly stated. "Gods! Get up!", she huffed, pulling him to his feet. "That was the most romantic thing a man has ever said to me", she sarcastically quipped, rolling her eyes. "Regardless, do you agree?", he asked again "If you'll go and leave me in peace", she consented. "Very well. I will see you in the morning", he said, crossing the room to the door. "The morning?" she interjected. "For the ceremony", he called flatly over his shoulder as he closed the door behind him. The morning? Esme had been led to believe the wedding would not take place for at least another three months. No one had consulted her about any of the arrangements. Her dress would not even be one of her choosing. This was to be one of the most magical days of her life, and he had taken it from her. She sunk to her knees. Madori wrapped a blanket around her shoulders. The sobs came slowly, softly at first. Gradually her sobs turned into wails that could surely be heard by anyone in the east wing. The only person listening, however, stood just outside her door. Her feelings and thoughts resonated within him. Kylo Ren could feel her despair in crashing waves. He began to regret his choice of her more and more. If she could project her feelings onto him like this with such intensity, she could become dangerous. He stormed away from the door in a panic. He needed to meditate. He needed to get away from her. From that racket she was making. Away from those desperate, spoiled sobs. The sound of crushed dreams and innocence lost. The door to his room slammed behind him. Even at a distance, he could still feel her. He had to get her out, drown her out. Kylo summoned his saber to his hand. As soon as it ignited, he brought it down over and over on the pleated couch in his room. Feathers flew everywhere, and tumbled down like snow. Smoke rose from the singed fabric. He roughly pulled his helmet off his head and carelessly chucked it into a corner. He cursed himself for this weakness. Why should he care? He was sure now this was a test. He was a monster, that was all, and he would not be swayed from his mission. His resolve restored, and her voice finally quiet, he flung himself into the bed and fell into a dreamless sleep. Notes: Author's Note: Hello people! I am a long time reader, and a first time writer. This is my first story. It will most likely be riddled with things that are cheesy or laughable for that exact reason. Reviews from experienced writers are welcome and appreciated. The rating is subject to change because I am attracted to Kylo Ren beyond all reason or common sense, and will more than likely write about humping him at some point. Oh, and I curse, a bunch. This chapter is short for the purpose of finding out if anyone is actually interested before I waste a ton of time.