This rain, Finn had told me once, can kill you. I never really believed him. I wasn’t one to listen to warnings, to listen to much of anything, really. I was going to a party that night, and supposed to be the one to pick up the pizzas for Finn, Rey and Poe. We were going to eat and drink and then use the boxes to play ‘Pizza box’, a drinking game with simple rules. (You write your names on it- and everyone flicks a coin onto the board in turn. If you hit someone’s name, they drink. If you hit a blank space, you write a rule. If you hit a rule, you do it. It was how I ended up with the back quarter of my head shaved. Poe made the rule, and told me I didn’t have to follow through with it. But I wasn’t one to back off from a dare, just like I was never one to listen.) I had a little job, a little responsibility. I loved that- responsibility, job. I loved to have a use, no matter how small. I always drove manual, or stick shift. My mother bought me a used car for the school commute and I loved it, almost to pieces. I had a bad habit of loving things to pieces. My significant others told me that all the time. I was driving back, trying to switch the gears and hold the clutch, my windows fogging over form the heat coming off the food. And then I rear-ended the car in front of me. The first reaction I had was to swear. Loudly. The second was the laugh, almost hysterically. And the next was to get out of the car, pulling my hand brake as I went, trying to make sure the other person was okay. The other driver cursed loudly and got out of his car, rounding on me. His eyes were wide, brown like mud when the rain starts to come down hard. His hair was held back from his face in one of those high knots you seen in the artsy part of the city and on models who can pull it off. And he could pull it off. I knew him, of course I did. Who didn’t? He was a poet, a damn good one. I would listen to him slam his work every Thursday night at the school café, my eyes wide like I was seeing God up close and he was telling me the mechanics of the universe. Kylo Ren. Of course. I hit Kylo Ren’s 2002 Ford Taurus, the black car (as if spray painted) with the bumper sticker that read ‘Cyclopes Anal-Clench’, a joke band his friend Phasma had started. “What the fuck?” He exclaimed, and then looked at me. My hands, out of instinct, had risen to my face, as if to block a blow. Bad habit. “I’m so sorry, the rain made the roads slick- and I wasn’t changing gears fast enough- and- oh, God. I’m- I’m just sorry.” I slipped out. From the other side of his car, Armitage Hux, who I called ‘Army’ sometimes (the man looked like he should be the General of the army, not a graduate student) and more often Hux, approached us. “It’s not bad for us, really. Not even a dent, more of a scratch,” Hux said, apparently he had already assessed the damage with his phone light. “Your car, though, has a good sized dent. You should be alright to drive but-“ Hux paused, looking at Kylo. “Stop that.” Kylo glanced at Hux, and his body seemed to lose some of its tension. He stalked over to look at the damage himself, playing with his phone screen to get the light to come on. Hux took a step towards me and said, “It’s alright. It’s not too bad of a fix.” I nodded feebly, and trembled in the rain, the panic getting to me more than the chill. “Jesus, you’re shivering,” Hux said, grabbing my arm and feeling the tremors. “Gave you a scare. Here,” and he went to the side door of Kylo’s car and pulled out a blanket, some navy flannel thing. I gave him a small smile and unzipped my jacket pocket, flipping open a carton of cigarettes and trying to get one out and my lighter. My hands, though, were shaking too bad. I knew from experience if I didn’t get the little boost of nicotine, I would have a panic attack: full dissociation, hyperventilation and fucking heart-attack-like panic. “I got you,” Hux said, and took the pack from me, flipping the filter into his mouth and lighting it easily, even in the rain. He handed it back to me, blowing smoke out of his nose. Kylo came around and gestured for the pack from Hux. I nodded to Hux and he gave it to Kylo. Kylo took one out and lit it just as easily. “Menthol?” Kylo asked. “It’s what does the trick,” I mumbled. “Kylo,” Hux said, “she’s shaking. I don’t think she should drive, honestly. I can take her car back to campus if you take yours.” “She lives on campus?” Kylo asked. “Don’t you recognize her? She’s been to every one of your readings,” Hux chuckled. “Maybe the spotlight gets in your eyes too much. She did the poem about- what was it?” He asked me. “Memphis. And kissing people,” I said. “Memphis, oh yeah. And the – oh. Yes," Hux murmured. “The suicidal tendencies.” Kylo finished, blowing out smoke. I turned my head to the side. God, I felt light-headed. I felt ill. Hux shrugged, as if to apologize. Hux pressed on the small of my back, pushing me to the other side of the car and opening up the shotgun door. I got in, and watch as Hux crossed over to the other side. Kylo’s brake lights already went on, and he was off, down the road and into the night. Hux buckled himself in and turned to me. “Thank you, Hux,” I said. He nodded, and drove me back to campus. We parked by Kylo’s car, where he was leaning on the hood. I handed him back the blanket I had refolded on the ride, staring at the ground. “I have to run, I have to Skype in to a business meeting in LA. Kylo,” Hux turned to the tall man. “Walk her home, okay? And try to be nice. I’ll see you tonight.” “You don’t have to,” I said to Kylo, as Hux walked off. I opened the side door of my car and grabbed the pizzas, balancing them in one hand as I locked the car. Kylo took them from me. “You are at every one of my shows, aren’t you?” He asked, not answering my statement. “You’re good,” I shrugged. “I love listening.” “So many people just write poetry about things they haven’t experienced or don’t understand. They write about some bullshit and use clichés. Save that for stories. Poetry is when you see what color your blood is compared to everyone else’s.” “So, all your work; they’re all true?” I probed. “Yeah,” he breathed. “And I can tell yours. It’s real, right?” “I don’t write anything else, really,” I sighed. “I don’t know how to.” I paused, and looked up at him. I was only a few inches shorter, but the distance between our eyes seem unconquerable. “What color do you bleed, to continue your metaphor?” Kylo turned to me, his eyes flashing. “What color do you think?” I stared for a moment, biting my lower lip and brushing some hair behind my ear. “My room at home was a red. My mom painted it over as a surprise. It was this deep color- she had some idea that it would energize me. You’re that color. Like a maroon hit by sunlight.” I shrugged. “Do you like that color?” He asked. “No. But I didn’t like much of anything about that room,” I sighed. “Why?” “I was forced to be in that room. I had been on the second floor for a while, but my parents didn’t trust me. So they moved me.” “My parents didn’t trust me either,” Kylo replied. “That’s how they can be sometimes,” I answered. “I understand it, now. They were just worried.” We approached the door of my dorm, and I nodded to Kylo. “Do you want to come in? It’s just a few friends and a few drinks and some cold pizza.” I said. Kylo looked me over, his eyes caressing my face, almost with some sort of care, like a memorization. He shook his head, and took a pen from his bag, gesturing for my hand. I gave him my left hand, and he wrote ten digits on it. Then he brought the knuckles almost to his lips, then seemed to think better of it. “Call me if you’re still up in a few hours.” I gave him a small smile. “Sorry again, about the car.” I said. He waved me off, and walked away. Chapter 2 : That Good? Summary: It's a poetry slam, guys, spoiler alert. Sorry for my shit poetry in here instead of actually good stuff. Just skim it for character development, really. I sat down next to Finn on Poe’s bed, after explaining what had happened and why I was late and pizzas so cold. “Horrible way to meet your crush,” Poe teased. Finn elbowed him, a soft smile still on his lips. “But he wants to see you tonight? Like ‘tonight’ tonight?” “I think so,” I shrugged. “You gotta be careful, though,” Rey warned, “older classmate like that?” I frowned, looking down at a Arnold Palmer and Jack I held in my hands. “Not to say you shouldn’t go,” she continued. “Just, you know, not too many drinks. Set your boundaries.” “It seemed like Hux would be there, though,” I mentioned. Finn bristled, “I don’t like that guy. He give me the wrong sort of feeling.” “You and your feelings,” Poe teased, kissing Finn sloppily on the cheek. “What about my feelings?” Finn quipped. “They’re the reason we’re together, my ‘feelings’.” “And I thank each and every star for your ‘feelings’ every night,” Poe murmured, lovingly. “All four of them you can see out here,” Rey tossed back, smiling as she took a bite of pizza. “Not bad, even though it’s freezing.” With one box empty, I grabbed a sharpie and started drawing our names in circles on the board. “So why does Hux give you a bad feeling?” I asked. “I don’t know. But the guy seems more suited to getting promotions in the navy than a liberal arts degree,” Finn said. I shook my head, capping the sharpie and grinning ever so slightly. “I don’t disagree.” At 12 am, I had a nice buzz going, and Rey was trying to stifle a yawn while Poe laid his head on Finn’s lap and insisted he play with his hair. I looked at the digits on my hand and unlocked my phone, plugging them into the message bar of my phone. Y/N: Hey, it’s Y/N. How’s your night? There was no answer for several minutes. I waved at Rey and Finn and slid on my jacket, leaving quietly as I turned down the hall, going out for a cigarette. No message, and I would head to Rey and my room. A message, and I would stay out a while longer. I flicked my lighter and held the filter between my lips. My phone buzzed twice like a heartbeat in my pocket. I fished it out, breathing out smoke. KR: Just getting started. KR: Join us? I tried to hide a smile, and texted back. Y/N: If you don’t mind another person. I leaned back on the brick of the building, staring at my phone, waiting for a response. After seven minutes, there was nothing. I bit my inner cheek and stubbed out the cigarette ember on the heel of my shoe, tossing it away in the trash. I felt something by my calf and realized my pepper spray was slipping out from my boot. I pushed it down into my show, back into its usual place. When I turned around, Kylo was standing there, like a 1920’s movie, all black and white. Next to him, like a red shock to my retinas, was Hux. “You could’ve just told me where you were,” I mentioned. “Easier like this,” Kylo said. “Come on.” He started off. “Where are we going?” I asked, matching pace with the two. “He didn’t tell you?” Hux laughed. “Kylo’s rather monosyllabic over text,” I chuckled. “ ‘Getting’ and ‘started’. Both are two syllables.” Kylo threw back. “Kylo, you compose poem and sonnets and stories and fucking novels and you can’t even tell the poor girl where we’re headed?” Hux sighed. “Poetry open mic. We’re going to a poetry open mic. Just a few miles away on Maple and 7th.” Kylo exhaled, looking Hux over. “We’re taking my car. I don’t think either of you are good to drive.” I blushed, frowning a little. “It’s just because I’m tipsy, darling. And that accident, but that’s water under his ill-tempered bridge.” Hux whispered to me. God, that felt intimate. Someone whispering in my ear. I could smell something strong on him, like vodka. “So that’s why you’ve been acting less like a military man?” I asked. Kylo laughed at Hux, who seemed to laugh it off too, but without any sincerity. Again, Hux leaned into me. “There’s only two places I’m so ‘militaristic’.” “And what are those places?” I asked. He leaned in even closer, catching my upper arm. “In front of strangers, and when I’ve got a pretty girl tied down on my bed.” Kylo looked around at us, and pulled me next to him instead of in between both of them. “So,” I asked, looking up at Kylo, “I didn’t really come prepared to read anything.” I said. “It’s expected, especially for newcomers.” Kylo stated. “You’re joking,” I blanched. “Pull up something on your phone. Or write something quick,” Kylo shrugged. “A little forewarning,” I shot back, opening up my notes on my phone and going through the few things I had, “would have gone a long way.” We reached Kylo’s car and he told me to take shotgun. “Why?” I asked. I shook his head and glared at Hux, who scowled at him and then gave me a little wink. ************** The venue was a house, more than anything else. A few people sat outside on the steps, smoking cigarettes and chatting. Kylo greeted one of them and stepped over the rest. Inside, it was dimly light except for some mismatched lamps and spotlight pointing at a wall. I looked at the left wall, where a tall woman stood with hair so blonde it was almost white, wearing mostly silver, from the rings on every finger to a necklace, and to the bracelets on her wrists. “Oh, you brought someone for a change?” Phasma teased Kylo. “She’s new.” Kylo stated. Phasma nodded and wrote my name at the top of the roster. “You nervous, hon?” She asked. “Can you tell?” I murmured to her. “Deer look less frightened when they see headlights,” Phasma joked. “But it’s nothing, darling. Nothing, really. Everyone here was new once, too.” “I - I guess. Kylo gave me no warning at all. We only really talked tonight when I-” “When she hit my car with hers.” Kylo finished, one side of his face tugging up into a smile. “You have the weirdest luck,” Phasma said to both of us. “Well, go on, take your seats,” she gestured to empty floor. Kylo led me to a side wall, leaning against it. I leaned against it next to him, watching Hux across the room stand, again, like a military man. But his eyes, I saw now, were like a hunter’s searching for prey to shoot down. And then Hux moved, putting a hand to the wall and leaning over some small girl, who giggled and blushed. Phasma stood in front of the spotlight, and tapped on the microphone. “Sit your asses down and shut the fuck up. We got our first person. A new one. Be nice. Y/N, come on up.” There was some scattered applause as I wobbled over to the microphone. I had done this before. I was great at public speaking. But in front of Kylo? I became a fucking puddle, my bones disintegrating and I was only still standing out of sheer stubbornness. I looked up at everyone, and dove right in without giving it an introduction. I was never one for those. “We didn’t believe in finalities, That there was some conceivable end Even with the devil on our heels Poking at our ankles with a pitch fork We tied to make a home- naive- weren’t we? There was an empty, barren garden in the back, And we salted the earth like Romans With lies: ‘I’ll love you anyway’ But where will the flowers grow? We salted the soil How can the tree grow to bear fruit? With all these lies And we danced with the devil on our heels Danced ourselves mad and promised a good life Impossible things- like green springs And that this will not end’ This will not end- we told ourselves Because we thought that the world ended with a bang And could barely hear a whimper- But the devil caught us. Police sirens don’t enchant us But they drag you down just the same From opposite cells we said ‘I’ll love you anyway’ Even when it’s been a forever to us Pretend you don’t see anything Pretend this isn’t the end And keep salting the garden Playing pretend. And in juvie, my state-hired lawyer asks me why The new homeowners can’t grow a garden And all I can say is: ‘I didn’t even hear a whimper’.” I released my death grip on the mic stand and moved to sit back down, deaf to any reaction, just staring straight ahead to my spot. Which Hux had taken. I sat in front of Kylo and leaned back to him, the question on my lips. He leaned forward. “I have a thing for good poets. And I could kiss you.” “Are the two connected?” I probed. “Mostly, yes.” He said. I turned back around, and felt him pull me onto his lap, kissing my neck ever so softly I almost thought I dreamed it. But it left my skin feeling tingly and on fire. Dreams didn’t usually do that. I shook my head, remembering Rey’s warning. Kylo wouldn’t stay. He wouldn’t. Not if he knew my past. Not if he knew my rules. Not if he realized why I went to school so far from home and always had pepper spray in my boot. But his arms were around my waist, and he smelled like a campfire instead of gunpowder like my last lover and he seemed safe. But I made mistakes like that before, miscalls and misjudgments. It had landed me in juvie. Almost in prison. I shook the memory off as Kylo slid me off him and walked to the mic. There was howling and cat calls as he pursed his lips. He leaned in to the mic and started, barely more than a soft pillow-talk voice, making everyone quiet down to hear. “I’m a benefactor of my parent’s faded glory And yeah, I know this can kind of sound gory But I’ve been carving myself up to look like I might be them one day; Have you ever thought about this the same way? I mean I was a product of their genes And I might look like my mother But, preferably I would be like my father And love you all the same. And I might have daddy issues, Problems with male authority But it’s through no one’s neglect or priority It’s just the fact that when I was six I realized that the sick kids off at war Probably needed my dad more than me. So I got over that- I’ve started educating myself On the whole ideal That I could be someone As long as I just mattered to me But I forgot to matter to me And I soon became like the giving tree In that old book My father would read to me And I’ve been trying to love you But I can’t love you, baby, When no one’s ever showed me What loving me Might be to me I’m just trying to wriggle free Of the daddy issues My family didn’t mean To give to me.” Fuck. He smirked over to me, and I was so in love it was like I had a whole swarm of butterflies in my stomach. Fuck. I blushed as he sat behind me again and pulled me into my lap. “Did you like it?” He asked. I kissed him, hard, sucking on his lower lip and then nipping softly. He reciprocated, pulling away to kiss up my neck and jawline. I moaned softly, just loud enough he could hear me. “That good?” He asked, still kissing me.