Hux was tired of his life. Really life as a whole just sucked. Hux was working hard to put in the work to make sure that he’d get a job after college, but what was the point? He’d get his degree, get his job, and then work until he’s old enough to retire, then what? He dies? Wow. How exciting. He could just kill himself and end it all. End the deadlines and stress. He’s going to die anyway, so… who cares? But Hux liked, he needed to believe that there was something worth living for. There had to be something. Hux hadn’t found it. But that didn’t mean he’d stop trying. And one day while walking home from University, he spotted it. Well he didn’t know at the time that this creepy figure in the shadows would be his reason to live. The man was sitting down on a bench, and holding a deflated balloon, that barely floated. Hux thought it was a statue of some sort. But as he walked past he noticed the man was staring at him. Staring directly through him. At a closer inspection, Hux realized that this man was supposed to be a clown. But the man was so sad. His makeup was runny from crying, and the man’s eyes were downcast. Hux didn’t particularly care for clowns, but something about this man seemed genuine. Naive almost. “Sir, are you alri-” The man leaped up before Hux could finish his question. “Jesus!” Hux exclaimed as he lept back. The man ignored Hux. Now standing, Hux had a better look at him. His makeup was runny and cloudy on his cheeks, but Hux could tell that underneath all of that he was attractive. He wore a black jacket, sweater and pants. And black boots that were decorated with dead baby’s breath. He also wore a hat with baby’s breath sticking out on the top of it. The man was so tall and broad. If Hux wasn’t so scared, he’d admire the man’s muscles more. The man turned his head to consider Hux. His brown eyes were filled with tears, and he stared into the depth of Hux’s being. “ I, I know you like it I, I know you do. ” The man exclaimed. Swaying his arms as he spoke with such a conviction that Hux was taken aback. The man was speaking directly to Hux’s very soul. His gaze turned stronger as he continued on speaking. “ I have made a ruckus And I made it for you. ” The man turned over his hand and held it out to Hux. Hux hesitated and took it. The man’s balloon popped as soon as he did so, water spilling from the balloon. Hux flinched with the sound, and with the feeling of water on his face. But the man found clarity in it. “ You, you, you, you, you You, you, you, you, you. ” The man’s voice was so clear, and he looked like he was in pain, but that he had accepted the pain such a long time ago. He pulled Hux closer to him, and gave a small smile when Hux walked into his arms. As Hux settled into the man’s strong arms, he could feel the man’s stubble on his cheeks. It was a comforting sensation, almost as comforting as the sound of the man’s voice vibrating against his neck as he continued speaking. “ You are all I know You are all I know. ” Hux noticed a small tattoo Kylo it read. He wondered for a short moment if that was the man’s name, it suited the clown, Hux thought. Kylo squeezed Hux’s hand and began swaying them back and forth, holding on to Hux tightly. He hummed a tune that probably went with the words he was speaking, but Hux didn’t care. He was enthralled with this man, and found all sense of logic completely gone when it came to him. The man inhaled Hux’s scent, and Hux felt warm and secure. He allowed his eyes to flutter close. “Go, go, go, go Go, just go” Kylo pushed Hux away. He crossed his arms and looked down at the ground. “No,” Hux whispered lightly. Already feeling alone. Hux’s eyes began to water as he searched for the meaning in this moment, and in this clown, and with life. “Sing, sing, sing” Of leaving songs,“ Kylo grabbed Hux’s chin, and deeply peered into Hux’s blue eyes. Assuring him. “Like you're leaving!” Kylo screamed throwing his arms and head back. “Goodbye!” Kylo sobbed, bowing to the ground. He eventually stood at full height, and just stopped. His body swaying in the light breeze. He stood for so long that Hux couldn’t tell if it had been hours that had gone by. Kylo’s entire makeup was washed out from his tears, and from the cold. Hux wanted to feel his warmth again. To know that he’s not alone. Kylo approached him, and kissed him lightly on the mouth. The kiss filled him with clarity and understanding of the world around him. He saw humans in a new whole new way. A whole new light. There was no meaning. We’re all just floating. Trying to fill the void with anything to help us forget how much we hate ourselves. Hux saw a universe, and a larger universe outside of that one, and an even bigger one outside of the second one. He saw humans suffering, and in pain. Humans working, humans living. And there was no purpose to it. No meaning. No.. nothing. That’s it just nothing. “ Goodbye ” Kylo lisped, pulling back from the kiss. Hux opened his eyes. And Kylo was gone. --- Overtime Hux changed. He stopped speaking as much. His friends eventually stopped hearing from him. Hux couldn’t get Kylo out of his mind. His words, his prophecy. There was no point to anything. Hux had no hope. Nothing. He couldn’t get out of bed, so he began writing how he felt so that people could hear it and know, that they were wasting their time. He’d scream his poetry on the streets, hoping people would listen, and take heed of his warning, but instead people ridiculed him. The thought of there being no point to life was too much for most to bear, and they turned away from Hux and his ideals. Hux felt like he was going in circles. Going.. Nowhere. One day Hux woke up to wash his face, and he realized that he was wearing clown makeup. He tried to rub it off but it didn’t come off. Hux hoped that his trial was now complete. He supposed he should be mad at Kylo for doing this to him, but instead he found serenity. He longed to see Kylo again as the clown had hid himself from Hux. With the clown makeup and a hat and a jacket, he looked almost identical to Kylo. He left his apartment for the last time and walked. He walked for minutes, and hours, and miles, and nearly a lifetime it seemed like. Before he saw Kylo standing at a distance. Kylo was smiling somberly and he held out his hand for Hux to take. Hux took it, and laced their fingers together. Kylo brushed Hux’s hair to the side and kissed him on the forehead. Even though there was no meaning to life, Hux had found his reason to live. Notes: Please feel free to ask me about this fic, I sort of wanted to play around with what's real and what's not in this fic. Feel free to comment if you have any questions. This is hands down the weirdest thing I've written, and it barely makes sense to me. :p Check out the series description for cool links and more information about this event! (X) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →