#1 Pumpkin Spice Latte Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) #1 Pumpkin Spice Latte “What the hell is a pumpkin spice?” “It’s like, cloves, and stuff. I think.” Hux put his cup back down, then slid it across to Ren. “You drink it then. I don’t trust you not to poison me. ” “ That was one. Time.” “Pasta was never meant to be that color. ” “ Shut the fuck up. ” “ Make me. ” And then they were thrown out of the coffeeshop. Notes: Very short drabble, but please witness my confusion over what a pumpkin spice actually entails. Also, Ren would like it known that the pasta was actually squid ink pasta and was, for the record, supposed to be that color, thank you. Chapter 2 : #2 Bonfire Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) #2 Bonfire "Burn baby burn!" "Your fascination with disco music is extremely painful to listen to." "Duh duh duh duh duh... GREAT balls of fire!" "You don't even know the words to that song." Ren shot him a half-glare, like you could do any better . Which, fair point. "I WILL BE THE FLAMEEE....!!!" "Yes you will be. As soon as I light you on fire with these matches." --- They both stared at the small campfire in between them. "Something's wrong." Ren stared at the fire in confusion. "Yes, there is. Firstly, neither of us are American, so Halloween is moot. Secondly, what the hell can two people do about a bonfire, seriously? And thirdly" "Haha, turd -ly" "You are contributing to the destruction of the ozone layer, you prick!" Notes: OK, this was clearly supposed to be a once-a-day writing challenge... I'm mainly late to the once-a-day thing because I was going to post all these on Tumblr first before here... but stable connection to the site is harder than I thought, so some of these drabbles are going to come here first instead. OK, excuses done. Now to get to writing. Chapter 3 : #3 Meta Horror Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) #3 Meta Horror Hux strode quickly down the dark deserted alleyway, and made a sharp turn around. "Are you still following me, you pathetic stalker?" Ren melted out of the shadows, literally. "... I wan- I vant to drink your blod ... Mwahahaha...?" How could someone look simultaneously smug and confused at the same time? "You are the worst vampire in existence." "Excuse me, I am the only vampire in existence." "That you know of." Ren frowned, before brightening (metaphorically speaking). Hux blinked at that frivolous thought, and opened his eyes to Ren standing right in front of him. Hux was stuck facing his chest, and idly wondered why Ren even bothered to keep up the pretense of breathing. He was clearly dead already, if the decaying stench of his body hadn't given him away. "Go away. Before I rip you apart with my bare hands." "It's not even a full moon. You don't have any claws." "... with my bare TEETH." "Ooh... scary." Notes: I had to look up what 'meta horror' was for this drabble (wow research yeah)... and I still don't know if I got the reference. Just in case I was too clever about myself, I referenced the following tropes: dark deserted alleyways (at night!), stalkers, vampires, werewolves, and the natural relationship between the two. And dead (warm) bodies, of course. Chapter 4 : #4 Dolls Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) #4 Dolls Hux lay on the bed, staring up at the ceiling, the low humming of the engines soothing to his tired mind. He was so relaxed that he missed the sound of the door opening, but the dip of the bed startled him from his daze. He could feel Ren's thigh pressed up against his side, but decided to ignore the sensation. "What are you doing in my room?" Ren didn't respond. Instead, before Hux's disbelieving eyes, he reached down to pick up his right leg, one hand gently picking at the laces as the other cradled his calf. "Ren, put me down." Hux tried to sit up, but a sudden pressure on his chest kept him down. Kriff the Force, and the starship it came in on . Ren pulled off the boot. Hux shivered as his leg was lowered, Ren's hand leaving warmth behind as he caressed the limb, before he tightly pressed his lips together. "Stop that." Ren ignored him again, slowly undoing the other boot as well, before throwing it on the floor. But his hands remained on Hux's legs, rubbing slowly before slowly moving upwards, and further up... "Ren!" Hux tried to kick him away, but by then Ren had situated himself on top of Hux, comfortably between his legs. Hux felt his eye twitch as he struggled to get out from under Ren's weight. "Get off!" Ren laid his head on top of Hux's chest, directly over his heart. It would have made Hux's heart skip a beat, if it wasn't so nauseating. As it was, Hux found it hard to breathe, and not in the good way. He kicked out again. "You're crushing my coat!" "I believe that you're the one to blame for that," Ren had the audacity to move his arms to encircle Hux's body, clearly not about to go anywhere soon. "You didn't take it off earlier." "That's because, oh for kriff's sake," Hux wriggled away from the hand inching down his side. "Stop that." "Too late," Ren sing-songed, clamping down on Hux's thigh, and arranging it more comfortably around him. Hux only managed a feeble nudge against his back, because the angle was bad. "This is unprofessional." Ren huffed in amusement. "Go to sleep, Armitage." "Don't call me that," Hux tried to get up, but Ren clammed around his body further, using his own weight to sink them both deeper into the narrow cot, the bastard. " Sleep , Hux." The command, laced with the faintest trace of the Force, coiled around his mind, and Hux felt his eyes close, almost against his will. Kriffing bastard . Notes: OK, I'm pretty sure I meant this to be a spooky sort of drabble series, but everything is turning out fluff... why brain why o.0? Chapter 5 : #5 Halloween Fashion Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) #5 Halloween Fashion "You could dress as a pumpkin... I mean, you already match," Ren gestured towards his head, and received a glare in response from Hux, who was lying on the bed flicking through his phone. "I refuse to dignify that with an answer." "You totally should though," Hux turned his death stare on Phasma, who looked as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. If, you know, you could actually see anything past the motorcycle helmet she'd put on earlier. "Then you wouldn't have to worry about clashing." Going as a cyclist my ass. "What about you then? What are you gonna wear to the party?" Ren had somehow donned a black cape without any of them noticing, and was smirkily covering half his face and trying to look mysterious. He just looked stupid. "You look stupid." This was why he and Phasma were such good friends. Same wavelengths, and all. Ren pouted. It looked stupid on him too. Hux could hear Phasma rummaging in the walk-in closet now. "Why do you have so many clothes anyway?" "I told you, just about everything are hand-me-downs and everything. We just never got around to clearing things out." "Why is it so hard to find something good to wear?" "Well," Phasma leaned out to face them. "It could be because you're both picky as fuck." "Am not!" "As if!" They shouted in near-unison. There was a knock at the door, before Mrs Solo (or was it Ms Organa now?) opened it. "How's everything going?" She asked, looking once around the messy room before staring pointedly at Ren. "Just remember to clear everything up after you're done, Ben." "OMG Mom, you're so embarrassing." "We will, m'am". "Sure." Ren's Mom nodded warily at Hux, before going back to whatever she'd been doing earlier. Ren stomped over to the door, before slamming it shut. " Rude ." "Shut up Hux." Phasma pulled out something silver and sparkly, and Hux recoiled in horror. Some part of his soul actually cringed. "Hey look, a vampire costume. You should wear it Hux, it'll go well with your skin." "Haha, very funny." Phasma lifted one corner of the garment, revealing it to be a dress. A very, very short dress. They all stared at it. "You should definitely wear that." Ren blurted out. Hux fell off the bed. Notes: And... more fluff. What even. -_-" --- For the record, Hux will maintain that he was trying to kick Ren when he fell. That is all.