Plagued Through the pain of dulled nails clawing into his flesh came the blinding sensation of shock, the rawness of his throat long since going numb, his screams dying down to moans of protest. Trust had proven to be a vice, yet stupidity flourished in his mind, its unforgiving grip never once allowing him to hear the voice of reason. To think for even a moment that his freakish ways would go unnoticed only further pushed the claim of his foolishness, and no one was to blame but himself, his actions holding him at fault. Resisting his fate, though tempting, went without use, his efforts going without effect. Fighting the phantom restraints forced upon him in a fury of resentment only plunged him deeper into his rapidly dissociating state, the hands pressed against his writhing form doing nothing to settle the undeniable fear that coursed through his veins like venom. Blurred images replaced that of the stilled world around him, his head spinning, heart racing uncontrollably from behind compressed lungs. He’d been condemned from the warm embrace of his family, just as he’d been exiled to their clutches by the U.S. Marines, as no homosexual pervert could properly serve his country. The unforgiving grip of confinement soon replaced the security, the Order, to which he’d grown accustomed. Behind the layers of fear and shock laid a proud sense of anger, regret melting from around the justified emotion, the burn of being disowned fading into reversed disgust. He loathed his country, his people, the sour taste of pure disdain directed at both himself and that of his parents. The weak bridge of trust that once stood between them, cracked like diamonds, just as the newspaper clipping that had swayed them to believe he was dangerous laid shredded beneath their feet. Ben was wicked; a danger to society due to his perversions. Trust had only caused him to act on impulse, his inability to see past the manipulative nature of those around him being the cause of his ultimate demise. He had been stupid to believe they were able to follow the guide of their nonexistent moral compass. He’d been stupid to think that they would keep his disgusting wickedness hidden from the unforgiving world. He’d been stupid to think that they wouldn’t try to fix him, just as they’d once done to his uncle. Memories of that day haunted him, terrors clawing at the back of his mind like a pool of leeches. White coated figures violated his subconscious, their gloved fingers probing at his every insecurity, pushing him towards the brink of utter insanity. The coated men tore apart their home, pushing them all aside like garbage, evacuating his uncle from their home, their harsh words spraying saliva to pepper his battered face. Faggot, they called him, pushing him into the unnervingly white van, his eyes soon shielded by the bars drilled to cover the windows. Hours, they drove, battling care sickness over the treacherous drive to Virginia. Leather straps dug into Bens wrists, though he felt no pain, brown eyes fixed unwavering on the shadows of trees dancing beyond the vehicles window. He’d hardly batted a lash, even as the pointed steeple looming over the institution came into view, peering to judge him from over the stone driveway. Stumbling almost robotically into the institution, muscles shaking, steps uneven – his sense of time had been dulled by the sterile white of the facilities walls. Sweat grew cold between his chafed thighs, the skin dried and itching, peeling from his flesh like the scales of a snake. Deep worry lines marked the space between his brows as he peered up at the four-eyed woman standing above him, blonde hair gelled down to her scalp like a makeshift helmet. Her glasses caught the light in a way that imitated the shine of mirrors, robbing him of his sight. He could only feel his fear – lost, confused, horrified of what was to come. Fluorescent lights buzzed against the tense silence of the room, their constant whir piercing through the air like a bullet. The clock, guarded by metal bars and placed almost artfully above the west door, read exactly 21:35, and the hulking woman standing behind the counter seemed to be glowering at the object, almost as if it held the key to her salvation. Her lips parted, though he was only granted momentary glances at her lipstick stained teeth as she barked at him. The sharp ringing in his ears almost kept him from hearing the deep rasp of her voice, the hands tightening around his trembling wrists awakening him from his dissociation. “Lance Corporal Benjamin Organa-Solo, age 20,” she reviewed his credentials, eyes scanning the clipboard in her hands, “Your father has placed you into the custody of Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum under suspicions of homosexual perversions.” Sharp, ghostly eyes traveled down to rest on his feet, which were naked and hot against the moist tile flooring. The woman retracted her gaze and returned to sloppy note taking, paying him no attention when he gave a strangled hiss as a particularly unsightly staff member took it upon himself to swat Ben swiftly on the behind. Many moments passed before the woman allowed him another second of her time, gesturing for him to move towards the barred door standing ominously at his positions opposite. Not wishing to be assaulted by the hands of the staff, Ben obeyed, walking towards the bars at a pace that could easily be mistaken for eager. The gentle ringing of keys being fondled disturbed the near silence, for the woman had followed him, keys ready to guide him through the institutions many corridors. He hadn’t expected, however, to be lead directly into a windowless room, walls white, sterile, and all together unwelcoming. The woman (— though in Bens opinion she was more of a mountain— ) nodded towards the paper-clad steel table resting proudly in the rooms center. His only response was a stiff nod, his expression remaining blank as he stumbled over his much too large feet, movements graceless, but taken with great care. The sharp ache of a migraine pounded relentlessly in the front of his brain, blurring his vision while subsequently ripping his composure to shreds. He was reminded of how he’d come to be locked up, betrayal acting as a phantom hand, strangling him as he grew closer to unfamiliarity. He didn’t dare complain, welcoming the silent torture and accepting his fate as a danger to society, bowing to the hand of discipline. Here, he would be cured. Exhaustion weighed him down, causing his muscles to shake as he hoisted himself up onto the table, his head swimming painfully when he positioned himself onto his side. He didn’t remember getting undressed, goosebumps rising along his flesh, the cold surface coming as a shock in his nude state. He was forced to curl in on himself, craving the overheated sensations from the earlier bout, conserving what little warmth he had left in the pit of his belly. The room spun around him, brown eyes unable to focus. It hadn’t occurred to him that the doctors may have taken advantage of his dissociation and drugged him. He hadn’t the mind to care, no matter. He stared at the woman, waiting. Waiting for the pending humiliation. Waiting to get beaten. Waiting for an icepick to be driven through the front of his skull. Waiting for something. Cold, although hastily gloved, hands poked and prodded at his body, grabbing at his molested flesh, turning him in every which direction. Rough cloths, wet with soap and water, scraped at the patches of dried blood along his front. His ears rung in the sudden shock of water rushing towards his face, combs working at the deep brown mop atop his head. Scissors were taken to the matted locks, chopping away at his curls, leaving the remaining strands thin and uneven, his scalp raw from the attack. The cloths were wrung out, only to be brought back to the flesh below his presumably broken nose. The dried blood smelt of iron, his stomach crawling into his chest and tying itself into an elaborate coil of knots. The small group of doctors looked him over, efficiently eyeing every inch of his exposed body. Dirty faggot, he heard from somewhere in the room, though his vision was too blurry to identify the words owner. Ren forced himself to focus on the foggy sheen of the metal boor, just past the staffers’ heads. He forced the waves of confused anger flushing through his body to hide in his subconscious, unable to comprehend anything other than the situation at hand. His focus was broken as soon as one of the rough cloths was brought upon the previously ignored organ between his legs. He gasped, the simulation too sudden, his entire body jerking forward. The cloth was removed, only to continue roughly at the raw are between his thighs, another cloth moving to separate his ass cheeks. He closed his eyes, forcing the wet hotness from escaping. “No right, servin’ our country – you ought to ‘ave been raped by them fuckin’ skinheads overseas. Pansy.” Chipped teeth sunk into his bottom lip in a partially failed attempt to keep himself from allowing any pained cries, isopropyl alcohol burning microscopic cuts, infection already weeping from abuse. A pitiful whimper forced itself from between his teeth as the cloth was brought over an area beginning to scab. His leg shot out in reflex ( — a tour in Germany and a tour in Poland taught his body to act without consulting his conscious first —) , however one of the pending doctors was able to grab his ankle before he could initiate impact, and he was held still. “I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry,” He gasped out, pleading eyes looking up at the medic looming over him. “I won’t be a fag no more – I promise, just please stop. Please, I’m sorry.” If his mates in the 1 st Division, 1 st Infantry Division could see him, they would be without pity. Perhaps, even, they would laugh, and spare him of their words. Ben’s strength abandoned him physically and mentally, leaving him fearful and cowering in the eye of awaiting punishment. He prayed that they would take pity on him, wishing for nothing more than forgiveness of his sins, almost as if the gloved hands were God against his tainted body. He wanted to rest. He wanted the pounding in his brain to fade, for the erratic behaviors around him to cease to exist. He wanted to wallow in his shame. “Hush, be still,” Commanded the woman, the latex covering her fingers dragging along the reddening bruise beneath his eye, pressing against the swelling. He looked up at her in obedience, despite his fatigue. She pulled away, blood and pus already crystalizing on her previously pristine gloves. Ben sighed in relief, the cloths falling from his frame behind the nod of her strong jaw. Icy metal, pressing into him. Goosebumps rose hand in hand with the waves of tremors that wracked his limp frame, though his mild resistance caused the medic to give an exasperated sigh. Her hand, firm and purposeful, found its way to his ass, to which she slapped roughly. He could feel the imprint of her iron fist burning into his rear, a constant reminder of his mortality. “If you refuse to clench, you will tear, and we will not use our valuable resources repairing a sodomite.” She spat. Ben could do nothing more than try, as he clenched the muscles of his anus has hard as he possibly could, the cold nozzle digging into the tender flesh within his body. He wanted desperately to obey; good behavior meant less time in asylum – less time being classified as the other. He was overwhelmed by the primal need to sacrifice his humanity in fortitude, to salvage his dignity, whilst mastering the art of not only convincing himself of being cured, but deceiving the world around him as well. He ground his teeth. Quivering in shock, his body seized, skin crackling and ripping against the hard base of a baton against the base of his spine. His pain, though numbed by the drugs that pulsed alongside his blood, was unmistakable. A sharp cry squeezed its way out from within his chest, dripping to the floor with his bloodied saliva. Paying no mind to his apparent protest, the medics returned, pressing the tubing further into his body, his muscles betraying him by accepting, gripping the tube at its base. Satisfied, she spoke, “There, now. You should be ashamed of yourself, making such a big fuss over something so small. Should have been easy for a sodomite.” He felt his muscles twist as the nozzle turned inside of his body, the woman toying with two bags, transparent and filled with murky liquid. She hung the bags onto a metal stand, fidgeting away with numerous nobs and clasps. Lukewarm water flowed through his bowels, filling him up, though simultaneously succeeding in making him feel all the more empty. This wasn’t his fault. He hadn’t chosen this life, and yet he was being punished for a harmless sin. Nausea rippled through him as his bowels began to cramp, his body pleading for release, trying in vain to expel the fluids violating his intestines. Firm circles were caressed above his belly, the medic attempting to coax the water further into his body through force. He spread his legs, which continued to shake violently, and hitched them to his chest, submitting to his fate. His body hurt in the most intimate of places; the raw flesh surrounding his anus, his jaw, the water pushing itself through his insides, causing him to tremble. He felt sick. For a moment he considered what protest would bring him. He didn’t dare find out. Hot tears prickled at the backs of his eyes, though he failed to notice the bag being detached from its place above him, another bag taking its place almost instantly. The tube connecting his organs to the outside world remained attached, yet his swollen stomach distended. He declined himself access to touch it, as it was not his to touch. He focused on his breathing; slow, steady, drowning the sharp suffocation that previously blinded him. Pressure from the water pushed firmly against his lungs. He prayed for death. He hadn’t even noticed the water stopping, unaware of his surroundings as he focused on his breathing. In, out. In, out. In, out. No calm. The world was vitriolic by default. Unaware of the water coming to a stop, Ben remained focused on his breathing. It was only when the woman greeted him with a heavy smack to the face that he fell, crashing back into his grim reality, eyes glazed over, breathing as ragged as ever. She sucked in a breath through yellowed teeth, eyeing him critically, a single eyebrow arched to the Gods. “Go to the bucket. Squat,” she slid her tongue through the fleshy pink of her lips, and continued. “Try not to make a mess of my floors.” Ben obeyed. He felt as though his limbs were not his own, and he very much doubted that he could stand. Pain had grown to be a welcome feeling, amongst the numbness that followed the cold silence that loomed above him, and he knew himself to be strong enough to handle it, to separate it from his physical being in the blink of an eye. A concept, Ben thought, was all that pain could ever be, though he doubted his own beliefs as his legs trembled with every turn, gravity weighing heavily on his sore insides. His stomach rebelled, causing him to heave as he dragged himself towards the bucket. Relief came accompanied by shame, the tubing ripped from his anus, his weight proving to be too much for the plastic to bear as he squatted above the bucket, his naked body shivering as if it had been thrown into a bath of ice. His eyes remained opened, presenting the humiliation of outside inspection, though swallowing it with a grain of salt as two nurses offered their arms. He was directed back towards the metal table, a glass of water pressed firmly to his lips, giving him no option of refusal. He didn’t know if he would be given the privilege of consuming semi-clean water again. He feared for his fate as he emptied the glass, the cups condensation evaporating in response to his own humidity. The door opened with a sharp creak, like nails against a chalkboard, and he raised his head to look from between his eyelashes. A man dressed sharply in a black suit stood ominously, his copper locks gelled back, high cheekbones catching the light in a way that did him no favours in relieving onlookers of fear or intimidation. “Clean him,” He ordered, his voice deep and heavily accented. The man spared Ben no second glances before he began walking away. The door swung shut, and Ben was left to fear his treatment for the days to come.