Chapter 1 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben was your first friend. At mealtimes, he would sit near you, always talking about what he had learned that day. He would ask you questions about your family, where you were from; he wanted to know everything about you. You were grateful to have a friend like him. You had never really had a best friend, since many of the kids you’d known before coming to the Academy would make fun of you. But Ben understood. You would often train one on one with each other. You enjoyed these training sessions as much as he did. You would meditate with each other, read Jedi lore, or joust with wooden practicing rods, pretending they were lightsabers. One night, while you were meditating, he talked about his family. It was clear how much he loved his parents. You understood what it was like being an only child, struggling to make friends, and it was comforting to know someone else had the same experiences. “My father was a smuggler, but now he races for a living,” He had said, his voice excited, “My mother works for the Senate. It’s really boring, but she says one day I’ll understand.” Your mother worked for a hospital, and you hadn’t ever known your father, your mother never even talked about him. Hearing Ben’s stories about his father made you happy. - When you turned nine, Ben had turned thirteen. He had begun taking private lessons with Master Luke outside of the lessons with you and all of the other younglings. The three years you had been at the Academy, you viewed Ben as a brother. He would always be by your side, helping you learn in the Force. But because of his lessons, he hadn’t been with you as often, spending most of his time with Master Luke. Sometimes he would come to dinner late, slumping down at the table, bruises on his arms from jousting. One day you had snuck out of lunch early to go watch them train. He and Master Luke were jousting with training rods, and you were enthralled with how fast Ben was moving. Even Master Luke was struggling to keep up. “You need to concentrate, Ben,” You had heard Master Luke say, “Be calm.” “I am calm,” Ben had called back, his prepubescent voice loud, echoing off of the rocks. He had lunged at Master Luke, who had blocked him, and disarmed him immediately. “Clear your mind,” Master Luke commanded, his voice exhausted. Ben had groaned then, picking up the wooden rod and facing forward. Then he barreled at Master Luke, his lanky body avoiding the Jedi’s weapon, and disarming him immediately. It seemed as though he had barely broken a sweat, whereas Master Luke was panting, the wooden weapon on the ground. “That is enough for today, I think,” He had said, grabbing Ben’s outstretched hand to help himself up. The two walked away from you, talking quietly, Ben’s laugh echoing off the rocks around you. Watching them, you felt an emotion you had not felt before, one that was frowned upon at the Academy- jealousy. The Jedi didn’t form attachments. But seeing them together, you were jealous of both of them. Jealous of Ben for getting special treatment from Master Luke, and of the Master for being around Ben so much, whom you had barely seen anymore. Later that month, Ben had come to your room, showing off the braid tangled in his dark hair, behind his ear. He had become a Padawan. “And not just any Padawan,” He said, his smile wide, “Master Luke’s Padawan!” - “Y/n!” You meditated in your room, opening your eyes to the sound of the voice. You knew to whom the deep voice belonged to, and it made you smile. He had been gone for two days now, and you had missed him dearly. Before you even had a chance to stand up, he came running into your room, stopping before where you sat on the floor. He wore brown robes, his wide shoulders heaving from running up the steps to your room. His dark hair was a mess on top of his head, and he pushed it back from his face, simultaneously wiping the sweat from his forehead. He stepped inside your room, hardly being able to contain his smile. You loved it when he smiled. His dark eyes would light up, and when his lips pulled upwards, it was contagious. “Hi, Ben,” You said, smiling and looking up at him, “What is it?” “You won’t believe it,” He said, standing in the doorway, “Where Master Luke and I have been.” You had an idea. Master Luke would only leave when he had Padawans ready to get their kyber crystals and construct their lightsabers. “Where?” You had said, just to humor him. He reached in his robe, pulling out a silver object. He held it in front of him and activated it, a green blade glowing from it off of his pale skin. He smiled wide, staring from the blade to you, as if for approval. There it was again, that jealousy. It bubbled up in your throat, you wanted to yell at him to get out of your room, to slam the door behind him, and lie in bed, crying. But for his sake, you forced yourself to smile. - You were thirteen. You remembered the feeling of holding the crystal in your hands, finally able to construct your own lightsaber. You remembered trying and failing multiple times to get the lightsaber to work, and finally achieving on your fifteenth try. You had activated it, a bright green blade illuminating your room. A warmth had filled your body, and you could feel tears forming at your eyes. You had run to Ben’s room, finding him deep in conversation with Master Luke. Master Luke turned his head towards you when you entered. He turned quickly back to Ben, who was also staring up at you, from where the two sat on the floor. Master Luke whispered something to Ben who nodded, then turned to you and smiled. “Master,” You greeted, and the Jedi stood up and walked over to you. He was getting old, his hair now shown more gray than brown, and wrinkles formed around his eyes when he smiled at you. “I just wanted to show Ben-“ “By all means,” Master Luke said, exiting the room behind you. You turned to Ben, who sat near the middle of the room, his long arms in his lap. He smiled at you as you walked towards him and sat down on the floor next to him. “I got it,” You said, excitedly, “Look.” You pulled the lightsaber from your belt, and activated it. Both you and Ben stared at it as you moved it around, its green light reflecting around the room. “Now we match,” You had said, smiling up at him. Ben was seventeen now, and as much as you didn’t want to admit it, he was also getting old. He was growing into his long limbs, large ears, and long nose that you used to make fun of him for when he was younger. “You’re one step closer to becoming a Jedi.” He said, his deep voice penetrating the silence. You deactivated the lightsaber and stared up at him, his dark eyes boring holes through your skull. He had smiled at you, the dimples in his cheeks making you blush, and you looked down embarrassingly at your crossed legs. You were finally close to being a Padawan, to training with a Master to become a Jedi. And now that you had a lightsaber, that meant actually training with it, and going on missions. Three weeks after you had gotten your lightsaber, you were assigned a Master, a human named Orrdio. You listened as Master Luke spoke, but you weren’t really listening. You were too focused on scanning the small crowd of new younglings, and old friends who had already become Padawans. But you were only looking for one person. When you found him, he smiled at you, his grin wide. He seemed to be already staring at you, watching the ceremony. You blushed at the thought. He had his own braid in his dark hair, tucked behind his ear. You felt your face get hot again when you looked at each other, and you forced yourself to turn and look back to Master Orrdio. You were a Padawan now. - Master Orrdio was a no-nonsense kind of Jedi. When you went on missions, he made you stay close to him, and forbade you to go anywhere else. He always did the talking, and only let you use your lightsaber when necessary. You grew jealous of other Padawans and their relationships with their Masters. All of your old friends had gotten Masters, with whom they always spent time. You watched as your friends grew up around you, becoming like brothers and sisters to their Masters. You even watched as Ben became closer to Master Luke, learning the ancient ways of the Force. One night, you were reading one of your holobooks in your room when a figure walked through the door. It was hard to recognize who it was through the dark, but you had an idea. His tall figure crossed the room and sat near you. He crossed his legs in front of him, and looked to you. His pale skin glowed in the soft candlelight, the dark hair he was growing long fell in waves to his shoulders. His robes were darker now, in shades of dark brown and black. He stared at you, his eyes red, and his mouth parted slightly in a frown. “Are you okay?” You asked, setting the holobook down by your side. You had never seen him without a smile, and a frown looked so unreal on his face. You didn’t like it. “My mother,” He said, his voice wavering, “I never told you who she was.” “It doesn’t matter,” You said, your eyebrows furrowing, “Our family is the Jedi Academy now-“ “Just listen,” He said, the dark tone of his voice catching you off guard. “My mother is Leia Organa, her brother is Master Luke. She sent me a holocron…” He sighed, and you watched as his hands clenched into fists, “My grandfather is Darth Vader…” You heard the pain in his voice far before your saw the tears fall on his cheeks. You wanted to reach out, to comfort him, but you knew you couldn’t. You felt as though your whole world had been shattered. Ben was the grandson of one of the most powerful Sith in the history of the galaxy? “I don’t know what to say,” You said quietly, and it was true. How were you supposed to comfort somebody after that? Could you even trust him? You knew how powerful Ben was, you had seen it in action when he trained with his Master, and when he trained with you…but he would never turn to the Dark Side… “You don’t have to say anything,” He said, sighing and wiping the tears from his face, “I just needed to tell someone. How could my mother go twenty years without telling me?” His voice was angry now, and you looked at him through the warm, ambient light. His face was in shadows, but you could see the scowl on his face. “It was probably for the best, Ben,” You said, biting your lip. You weren’t sure what else to say, you were in as much shock as he was. “There’s something else,” He muttered, staring up at you, the candlelight casting a warm golden glow in his dark eyes, “Master Luke forbade me to tell anyone, but I need to tell you. You deserve to know.” You felt your eyebrows furrow in confusion. Ben was the last person you knew to not follow the rules- why was he going against Master Luke all of the sudden? He took your silence as a reply, and continued, “Master Luke says there’s a new threat, and one he hasn’t seen in decades. He says we all need to be prepared for it.” “The Dark Side?” You said in awe, your mouth dropping open. You had been around only Jedi your whole life, but never the Sith. Never anyone associated with the Dark Side. The thought excited you, and made you nervous. Ben nodded in reply, but didn’t talk anymore on the matter. For a while, you sat in a comfortable silence together, staring around at the candles around your room. - “You need to focus, Y/n!” Ben’s voice echoed deep and commanding around the rocks. You were seventeen now, and you stood sweating and breathing heavily, your hair matted to your forehead. The muscles in your legs were getting stiff, and you knew you needed to sit down. A cold sea breeze wafted up through the rocks, almost throwing off your concentration. You heard his lightsaber ignite, and watched him as he stood in formation, before pacing around you, looking for a weakness. “Be calm,” Came his voice again, “Let go of your emotion.” You held your ground, your own hands grasped tightly around the lightsaber in your hands. Suddenly, Ben lunged at you, lightsaber ready. But you wouldn’t let him win that easy; you met his lightsaber with your own, the two green blades meeting in a satisfying crack! Now everything was green, and you looked up at Ben’s face, at the reflection of the blades glowing in his dark eyes. He was staring calmly down at you, while you smirked up at him. “Stop thinking,” He growled from above you, and you narrowed your eyes in frustration, “If you want to be a Jedi, stop using your emotion!” He twisted his body sideways, pulling his lightsaber free, before running towards you and meeting your lightsaber with his again. This time, you called out to the Force, and extended a hand forward, fingers spread, pushing an invisible force into his chest. He groaned softly before being extended backwards and landing on his back, his lightsaber falling out of his hand and onto the ground. You could feel the heat of passion, excitement blazing fast and hot in your chest. Ben’s lightsaber flew to his hand and he activated it immediately, holding it with two hands above where he lay on the ground. You looked down at him, and smirked. But the smirk was in vain because he pushed himself up, momentarily distracting you, and extended his own arm out. Immediately you felt your whole body freeze up, something you had never experienced. You looked towards him, arm outstretched, the other holding his green lightsaber. His face was calm, serene, surrounded by waves of black hair and dirt. He smiled softly, releasing the Force and deactivating his lightsaber. “How did you do that?” You said as soon as you felt the force on your mouth go away. Ben shrugged modestly, pink forming on his pale cheeks. “I’ve been reading a lot about Ancient Jedi,” He said, hanging his lightsaber on his belt, He walked closer to you, and you brushed off the dirt from your clothes, shaking your head in disbelief. “Master Orrdio has never taught me anything like that.” “I can teach you if you want,” Ben said, placing a large, dirty hand on your shoulder. The hand on your bare shoulder sent shivers down your spine, and you forced yourself to look up at your old friend. He wore a large smile, his dark robes making the freckles on his face stand out. You looked back down to the ground quickly when you felt your cheeks beginning to grow hot. “Yeah,” You replied, tucking your own lightsaber in your belt, “I’d like that.” - You could feel Ben in his room before you entered. The bright morning light shone in through the door, casting a ray of sunshine on where he sat on the floor, meditating. He didn’t notice you right away, so you stood for a moment, staring at your friend. “Hello, Y/n,” Came his voice, and you shook the thoughts out of your head. You smiled, walking into his room and sitting down near him. “Hi,” You said, taking a small package out of the pocket of one of your robes, and handing it to him, “I brought you breakfast. You weren’t there, so I figured you would be hungry.” He unwrapped the small package, and took a bite of the portion of food inside of it. You watched the muscles in his jaw moving quickly, his eyes looking around your face. Once he swallowed, he spoke, his voice low and hushed. “How has your training been going?” You knew that he wasn’t talking about your training with your Master, who never seemed to want to teach you anything. He meant your training with him, in ancient Jedi Force techniques. “Great,” You said, watching him eat, his dark eyes flitting around your own face, “I’m learning more with you than I ever would with Master Orrdio.” He smiled softly, and replied, “Your Master knows you’re powerful. He doesn’t want you to learn what I’m teaching you.” “Why doesn’t he want me to know?” You replied. “The Jedi pride themselves in use of ancient lore, but ignore even the most ancient rituals of the First Jedi,” Ben said, folding his hands in his lap, “They ignore their roots, what brought them to be what they are.” “But most of the Jedi are gone,” You said, quietly, “Shouldn’t we be trying to preserve those powers?” Ben looked you over, his head cocked to the side, “The Dark Side is formed on ritual.” - You remember being nineteen and wanting to leave the Academy, leaving Ben. He had been spending so much time alone, refusing to speak with you, and getting short with you when you would try to talk to him. Soon, he stopped teaching you anything, telling you that you needed to listen to your Master, not him. At twenty-one, Ben would only talk to you when he complained about Master Luke. You were getting tired of hearing him talk about the Jedi as if he wasn’t training to become one. One night, you told finally told him to leave. “If the Jedi Academy and Master Luke aren’t good enough for you, then just leave!” You had shouted, anger bubbling through your veins. You envied Ben. You knew that he would take your advice, would leave, and you wanted to leave, too. You didn’t want to be constantly patronized and belittled by Orrdio anymore. Ben had stared at you, his lips in a pout above his strong chin, and his dark eyebrows furrowed in confusion. You stood to show him out of your room, and he stood with you. He had grown so much taller than you, and the thought of jousting with him while he was a head taller than you made you nervous. You watched as he clenched his hands into fists, and made his way out of the door, the silver of his lightsaber beneath his dark robes reflecting off of the candlelight. He stopped in the doorway, turning to look at you, a fire blazing in his dark eyes. But there was something else there; you felt his pain, his torment. Suddenly, he activated his lightsaber, and you stepped back in surprise, your hand instinctively going to your own on your hip. But he held up his hand, pausing you in your movement, only able to watch him. He brought the lightsaber up to his head, and for a second, you thought he would hurt himself. But a piece of something from his hair fell to the ground, and he deactivated the lightsaber, and released you. He bent down to pick up the thing, and then threw it towards you. With one more look to you, he sighed, and walked out of the room. You bent down and picked up the thing he had thrown at you- a single braid of dark hair. Notes: hi friends! this is a fic ive been writing while trying to get over my immense writer's block on the other fic im working on (which btw if youre reading it dont worry i dont plan on abadoning it!!) if youre new to my stuff, or if you know me from my other fic, i greatly appreciate you being here and taking the time to read this. if you cant already tell, this chapter is part one of a two-part chapter. this chapter is a lot of exposition that is needed for later in the story. the next part is where the actually story gets going. i hope that isnt too confusing. i love a good slow burn, so this one will be a slow burn, but it will not take 10 chapters for reader to meet kylo ren like in my other fic...lol...........but it still will be a relatively slow burn so i hope youre down for that (this fic really is a result not only of writer's block but finishing dark disciple. asajj ventress is my favorite sw character ((besides kylo ren)) and it was a great eu book that really inspired this fic) a few other quick notes: this isnt even close to being finished, so i dont know when the hell this takes place in reference to tfa but i plan on getting that sorted out later in the story sometime. i also dont know how long thisll be, it might be 10 chapters or it might be 35. WITH ALL THAT SAID i rly hope you enjoy this, and the next chapter too! you can expect weekly updates! Chapter 2 : Chapter 1.5 “20,000.” You were tired, and wanted to go home. The deal was making you anxious, and your eyes darted around from your client to people around the cantina. The music was loud, the bass pumping through your ears, giving you a headache. The lights and chatter put you on edge. “20,000? Last week it was 15,” Growled your client, a human male with an eyepatch over one eye, and a dark, textured cloak over his body. “20,000 for the glitterstim, or you can talk to my boss,” You said, keeping your voice low. In truth, you didn’t have a boss, but he didn’t have to know that. “There’s hundreds of other smugglers around here who will sell this to me for ten thousand cheaper,” the man said, spitting down at your feet before pushing past you through the cantina and out the door. You sighed. It was true, there were other smugglers who would give him glitterstim for much cheaper than yours, but what he didn’t know was that yours was the only pure kind. Anyone else he would buy from would cut it with any sort of fatal substances, just to make a quick buck. You pulled your robe around yourself, hiding any evidence of spice, and walked towards the door of the cantina. It was a weekend night, busy and full of people. Once you reached the entrance of the cantina, you felt a hand on your shoulder. You turned quickly, your hand instinctively going to your belt. He was tall, and wore dark armor from head to toe, a mask covering his face. You hadn’t seen anyone like him in these parts, and it made you nervous. Was he with local law enforcement? “Come with me,” Came his deep voice, motioning for you to follow him out of the cantina. You looked quickly behind you at the busy cantina, before falling in step behind the man, your heart in your throat with anxiety. “Look, that guy is going to get himself killed,” You pleaded, “If he listened to me-“ “Enough,” Came the voice again. He seemed not to care about you being a smuggler, so he must’ve not been with local law enforcement. Who was he? You watched as his long cloak flowed behind him in the wind, his heavy boots making footfalls ahead of you. You followed him through the empty Corsuscant streets. You didn’t have any way to find out what time it was, but you assumed it was late. You hadn’t realized how tired you were until you had stepped out of the cantina. You wanted to go home and sleep. Would he notice if you tried to leave? “Where are you taking me?” You called out, trying to catch up with his large steps. You hadn’t noticed before how much taller he was than you; you were too focused on his weird clothes. He was obviously from off-planet- his clothes were regal, and he wore too much armor. You looked down subconsciously to your own clothes. You wore comfortable, dark clothes, suited for a smuggler in the Coruscanti underworld. The leggings and boots allowed you to move fast, and the tunic and cloak allowed you to blend in. Maybe he thought you dressed weird. He didn’t answer your question, nor did you expect him to. He was leading you deeper through the streets, and soon you were lost. There were no longer any people around you, just you and this strange man. Your footsteps echoed loudly along the streets. You felt like you had been walking forever before the man in front of you finally stopped. He stood in front of a large durasteel door, one that was so camouflaged that you would not have noticed if you hadn’t been stopped in front of it. You watched as he took a glove off of one hand and placed it on a scanner next to the door. The large door slid open and you followed the man inside the darkness. Immediately you were plunged into darkness, only the footsteps of the strange, cloaked man as your guide. Where was he taking you? Were you being arrested? There was a light appearing ahead of you, and you could finally make out the tall silhouette of the cloaked man in front of you. You followed behind him as he led you to where the light was coming from. Finally, light surrounded you. You were in a large room, much unlike the cantina you were at previously. But this time, there were other cloaked men, all wearing masks, standing around the room. Their presence made you nervous, and the weapon your belt made you feel better. Suddenly, there was a feeling, once you hadn’t felt in a very long time. It caught you off guard. A disturbance in the Force. One of these men is a Jedi… you thought suddenly. You hadn’t felt the presence of the Force since… The cloaked man led you to a table, where he sat down in front of you. You were aware of the other men standing around you, staring at the newcomer. You knew they were the cloaked man’s friends, and waited for yourself to be introduced. But it never came. Until, one of them, near the corner of the room, said, “Who is the girl?” You turned at the sound of the voice, finding another cloaked, masked man speaking. He dressed much like the strange man who had led you from the cantina, but he had a large weapon along his back. You swallowed hard and patted your belt to make sure your weapon was still there. You felt hands on you suddenly, and you realized the cloaked man had grabbed you and pulled you out of your seat. You tried to scream for help, but he only grabbed the weapon on your belt and pushed you back down into the seat. You watched as the cloaked man tossed your lightsaber to the other. Seeing it tossed around as if it was a mere toy made your heart sink. You couldn’t afford any other weapons, and you needed to be protected. “Please,” you begged, “I can’t-“ You felt a force close your mouth tight, and your eyes grew wide. Somebody here was a Jedi. Only Jedi used Force Stasis. You watched as the group of men gathered around the lightsaber, apparently trying to activate it. Were they smugglers, too? Were they trying to steal your lightsaber to sell on the black market? No doubt many of them had never seen a lightsaber before. Genuine lightsabers were rare, and yours was as genuine as they came. “Make her activate it,” Growled one of the masked men, holding the lightsaber in his hands. The others nodded in approval, and the man holding the lightsaber threw it back to you. You felt the Force leave your body and you scrambled to pick up the lightsaber. If one of them is a Jedi, I need to find out and kill him first, You thought quickly, your hands shaking on the silver hilt, I guess we’ll do this the hard way… You activated the lightsaber, filling the room with white light, illuminating the cloaked men. Immediately you jumped from your seat, racing forward towards the group of men, and cutting down two of them. They’re making this too easy…! You felt another force freeze your body, and then everything went dark. - You woke with a start in another dark room. Immediately you felt that presence, the presence of a Jedi. “You killed two of my men,” Came a voice, low and mechanical. “Who are you?” You gasped, trying to move your arms, reach for your lightsaber, but you were stuck in a upright position, restraints on your limbs. You called out to the Force, begging your lightsaber to fly into your hand… but nothing came. “You’re a Jedi,” Came the voice again, this time from in front of you. You strained in the darkness to see whom the voice belonged to, but it was too dark. “I’m not a Jedi,” You spat. The Jedi were gone, dead, and you along with them. “Then you stole this lightsaber?” The voice asked, and you tried to reach the Force out again, calling for it to come to you, but nothing came. “No,” You said, defeated, “It’s mine. And it’s genuine, too. So if you want it, you’ll have to pay a lot for it.” You weren’t going to part with your lightsaber. You had already lost your original lightsaber, and couldn’t go without this one. You just wanted to throw this man off the scent. “You’re foolish to believe we care about this,” Came the voice again, and the unmistakable sound of your lightsaber hitting a hard surface. You cringed at the sound, tears forming to your eyes. Had he destroyed it? “Who are you?” This time, a large figured stepped into view, accompanying the voice. He, too, wore an outfit not unlike the cloaked man you had followed. But this man was different. Tall, commanding, he wore a hooded cloak over his mask, robes of textured black fabric draped on his body. The man made your blood grow cold. You had seen a lot as a smuggler, had to kill and fight people twice your size. But there was something intimidating about this man. He towered over you, and you could feel that he was strong in the Force. Weren’t all the Jedi supposed to be dead? Immediately an immense pain entered your head, making you squeeze your eyes shut and cry out. You tried to disassociate yourself from the pain, but it just grew worse, like a parasite in your mind. You felt the shared presence of the Force there, too, and you tried to push him out. He couldn’t see who you were, what you had done. “You’re not from Coruscant,” Came his voice again, barely audible above the red-hot pain in your head. He was confused, calm, and curious. What was a Force-user doing on Coruscant? The pain left your brain suddenly, and you dropped your head down onto one of your shoulders. You heard the bootsteps fade while you lay on the upright table, panting heavily. You hadn’t battled a Force-user in over five years, so you expected to be a little rusty, but this…this was something you had never dealt with. The bootsteps came closer again, and you saw the man’s figure enter into your view again. You lifted your head up, and stared into his mask. “No,” you said quietly, “I’m not from Coruscant. I’m a smuggler. I was here selling spice.” The admission of your job made you feel embarrassed. This wasn’t the future you had planned for yourself. You thought briefly of the Jedi Academy, Ben, Master Luke, and felt sad. The man made no move to show he wanted you to speak anymore, so he didn’t. He continued to stand in front of you, and you continued to lay on the upright table, staring down at the floor. There was another feeling there, one that you tried to ignore. It was a feeling of comfort, of nostalgia. You tried to meditate, to block it out of your mind, but it kept coming back. Annoyingly, you felt yourself give into it, and waves of emotion came rushing into your head too fast for you to comprehend. You felt the pain in your head once again, and knew he was prying into your mind. You weren’t prepared, and were weakened from the last time. Emotion flooded into your head- guilt, sadness, regret- where were these coming from? Were they your emotions? And then there was happiness, nostalgia. You thought of Ben, ten years old and excited to learn from Master Luke. Then you felt your heart drop, when you saw him for the last time, walking from your room, his braid on the floor. You experienced the moment as if it was happening all over again. You could smell the burnt out candles in your room, and the tears on your face when you ran out after him, calling his name. The love you’d had for Ben came rushing back in waves. You’d loved him once as a friend, and then later as something more. You felt his skin on yours when he would rest his hand on your shoulder, and heard his commanding but light tone when he would train you. You saw the dark waves of his hair catch the wind when you would meditate with him out on the island, and the way he would run his fingers through it absentmindedly when he was nervous. Immediately the emotions you had felt were gone. You were back in the cold, dark room, staring at a monster in a mask. Your shoulders dropped, and you felt your body grow weak, cold. You wanted to return to those memories; when you were younger, away on the island, protected with Ben. You wanted to feel close to him again. “Enough,” The voice commanded exasperatingly. His shoulders were heaving slightly, and you saw the rise and fall of his chest as he lowered his extended arm. He stood in front of you still, staring at you through the mask. He turned on his heel and you heard him pick up your lightsaber. You closed your eyes again when you heard the sound of a large durasteel door opening and closing. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You awoke with a start at the sound of the same door opening and closing again. How long had you been asleep? You heard footsteps approaching again, and you opened your eyes and looked around the dimly lit room. You shivered at the cold, your eyes adjusting to the light. The footsteps stopped in front of you, and you blinked the cloaked man from earlier into view. “Do you know why you’re here?” Came the mechanical voice from inside the mask. “No,” You said. You were tired of this, “Why were you on Coruscant?” The man crouched down in front of you, looking up at you from his position on the floor. The silver on the mask reflected brightly off of the lights as he cocked his head slightly to the side, the hood shifting with the movement. “We were searching for something,” He replied, “And it seems we found it.” “Me?” You asked, almost laughing, “I’m nobody. What could you want with me?” “More than you think,” Came his reply, and the last thing you saw before darkness was his extended hand in front of your face. When you came to, you were in a dark room, lying horizontally this time. You blinked in the darkness and sat up immediately. You were lying in a bed, still wearing your dirty smuggler’s clothes. You moved your arms to get up, but found they were cuffed together. Groaning, you lay back down in bed. What did these people want from you? You wished that you hadn’t even left your ship that night. You knew you should’ve just stayed inside, gotten a good night’s sleep before leaving for Hosnian Prime the next morning. You wished that you’d at least had enough time to alert your associates that you wouldn’t be arriving when expected. Would you even be arriving at all? What were these people planning on doing with you? Were they going to kill you? Torture you? You shivered at the thought. You’d been part of the underworld for years now, and had seen enough slaves and torture that you didn’t need to see anymore for the rest of your life. The metallic sound of a door opening shook you from your thoughts, and you slid down into bed. Sudden brightness made you close your eyes tight since you were unable to shield them with your hands. Blinking away the lights, you took a quick glance around. You were in the bed, and across from it was another door, and a seating area. It was gray, and had windows pointing outside where white snow was falling. Where were you that snow collected so greatly? Your head snapped to the figure in your room, to a man dressed in a uniform like one you’d never seen before. Dark grey, with badges along his chest. Where the hell were you? “These are your quarters,” Came his voice, low and wavering, “If you need anything, there’s a comm system-“ he pointed behind him, near the door to a small computer terminal on the wall, “-you can use that to contact anyone if you need help. You can make your meals in here. Portions are available via a kitchen droid.” You narrowed your eyes in confusion at the man. He was pale, short, and seemed to be shaking. Why was he so nervous? Weren’t you a prisoner? “Where am I?” You demanded, and his eyes grew wide, “Where’s my lightsaber?” “You-um, you will be escorted to interrogation in three hours,” was all he said, before he rushed out of your room, sliding the large durasteel door behind him. You stared at the door he had just left out of, and got up to walk around. You hadn’t noticed he had left food for you near the middle of the room, and as much as you didn’t want to give in and eat it, you were starving. You sat on the floor in front of the food, eating it carefully with your cuffed hands. You could feel yourself beginning to grow antsy. You never did well remaining in one place at a time, and that’s why you became a smuggler. After you left the Academy, and had no choice to return, you made the decision to travel through the galaxy. You knew that you did it mostly to try to find Ben, but you left that reason hid deep down inside of you. After you finished your food, you crawled back in bed, turning your body so you could stare out at one of the windows at the falling snow. You’d never seen snow before. Most of the planets you visited were temperate, and you stayed in the cities anyways. Before you knew it, you could feel your eyelids get heavy, and you fell asleep staring out the window. You awoke again to the sound of your door opening, and heavy boots marching in. You barely had time to register what was happening until they were grabbing you by your elbows and dragging you out of bed. Your eyes darted around you anxiously, trying to get a good view of your captors, but to no use. You were led out of your room into a hallway, dimly lit and busy. Officers like the one you had seen earlier that day were rushing down the hall, some of them casting angry or annoyed glances your way. But it was the stormtroopers that surprised you. You had only ever read about stormtroopers, had only seen old holocrons from the Empire. You could feel your mouth fall agape as you walked in step with your captors, staring at the passing stormtroopers. But as you stared at them even longer, you became more confused. Where were you? You were pushed into a room off the hallway, and you recognized it immediately as the one you had been interrogated in before. The door slammed shut behind you and you took a seat in the only chair in the room. You heard the door open and close behind you, and recognized the footsteps before he stood in front of you. Then, just like he had before, he crouched down in front of you, staring up at you from the mask. “Who are you?” He asked again. You knew you were going to be tortured, sold into slavery, killed, but you also knew that cooperating was your best route. “Y/n,” You said quietly. You didn’t like showing weakness, being defeated, but you knew you had to comply or be killed. The cloaked man seemed to consider your answer, and you felt that wave of nostalgia again. You had met this man before, you were sure of it. But wouldn't you have remembered his clothes and mask? “And you’re not a Jedi?” Came his voice again, this time different. Curious, non-threatening. You realized he actually wanted to get to know you. Why? “No,” You said, looking down at him, “No…I trained as one, but I…I left.” He cocked his head to the side, the hood of his cloak following. “You left?” He was amused, and you wanted to hit him, to spit on his stupid mask. He was mocking you for leaving the Jedi Academy, for not completing your training. “Yes, I left,” You growled down at him, full of adrenaline and confidence now that he had made you angry, “Are you a Jedi, too?” He seemed taken aback by your question, as if his prisoners never asked about himself. But you weren’t just a prisoner. You were strong in the Force, and wanted him to know. If he was going to mock you, test you, he would find out how strong you were the hard way. “I’m no Jedi,” He said. You could feel his arrogance, and even his fear. Why was he afraid? You were just a prisoner, a smuggler. “But you’re strong in the Force,” You spoke your thoughts out loud, “Show me. He was silent, and you knew he was either angry or impressed by your gall. But you wanted to see how strong he was, to size up the man who was holding you prisoner. He stood and grabbed something on his belt, a lightsaber. But when he activated the thing, you could feel cold sweat form on your body, your bones melting to liquid. Master Luke had taught you about the Dark Side, your mother had told you stories about the Sith, but you never thought you would be so close to one before. The red lightsaber, shaped like a sword, lit up the room. The red thing cracked and buzzed, unstable and angry in his right hand. And as soon as it had appeared, it went away. You felt the vibration, the buzz in the air go away immediately after he deactivated it. It was replaced by something else. You could feel his thoughts; he was cocky, arrogant, and proud. You could’ve laughed. “Why am I here? What use am I to you?” You asked, narrowing your eyes at the man in the mask. “We have use of your abilities,” He said, walking out of your view, and you felt the restraints on your arms and legs release. For a moment, you were scared to move, afraid this was a trick and he would kill you. But then the happiness of being released overcame the fear, and you slid off the table and onto your feet, facing the man. Without your restraints, you felt much more powerful next to the man. He may be a Force-user, but you had been trained by two of the most powerful Jedi you had known: Master Luke, and Ben. This man didn’t know who he was dealing with. As if sensing your thoughts, he turned quickly, advancing on you until he was inches from your face. You stared up at him, calling into the Force to calm yourself, to remain composed. A rush of static through the mask that you assumed to be a laugh made you jump and lose your concentration. “Arrogance will not get you far,” He said quietly, staring down at you with intensity so great you felt goosebumps on your arms, “Smuggler scum." He turned quickly, facing the door, and reached out his hand, to which your lightsaber went flying towards. You felt a pang of sadness, of jealousy. Your lightsaber was an extension of yourself, and you hated seeing it used so poorly by somebody else. Lightsaber in hand, he walked out of the hallway, slamming the durasteel door behind him with the Force. He gripped the foreign lightsaber tight in his hand as he fell into step beside General Hux. “The girl is strong in the Force,” Kylo Ren said, scowling beneath his mask. General Hux glanced at the hooded man in black, before his eyes quickly returned to look in front of him, “Have you been able to get anything out of her?” Kylo Ren was silent for a moment, staring down at the hallway as he and General Hux walked toward the bridge. He felt the Force call to him again, through the lightsaber in his hand, but he was skilled enough to brush it off, “No.” General Hux scoffed. He was one of the few officers on the base that could get away with questioning the Commander. “Maybe you should rethink your methods.” Kylo Ren turned on General Hux so quickly that the orange-haired man jumped out of shock. He stared, his blue eyes narrowed at the dark mask, covered partly by shadow. “My methods, General?” Came a modulated voice through the mask. General Hux worked closely with the Commander, and thought he had gotten good at reading the man’s tone of voice. This was not one of those times. “Yes, your methods, Ren,” General Hux snapped back, a small smile on his lips, “Or should I question her?” Kylo Ren was silent, like a statue. His strong arms were balled into tight fists under his armor, but General Hux knew two could play at this game. He continued to stare at the man who, although he was only a few inches taller than Hux, sometimes felt like a giant. He had no idea what Kylo Ren was thinking or feeling, and it scared him. But he refused to be intimidated by him. He knew the man under the mask, and it was not worth being afraid of. “Be my guest,” Kylo Ren said finally, surprising Hux. He watched as Ren stalked off across the hall, leaving him confused. There was something in his voice he had never heard in Kylo Ren before- was it fear? He smirked silently at the thought. If this smuggler was going to be Kylo Ren’s downfall, he would welcome her with open arms. You were still in the interrogation room when a new person arrived through the door, accompanied by two stormtroopers. You were relieved. Anything but the man in black. “You must be the smuggler I’ve heard so much about,” He greeted, crossing the room to where you stood near one of the walls, “I’m General Hux, and I’ll be conducting the rest of your interrogation today.” He paused; his blue eyes staring holes through yours, his hands clasped behind his back. You stared up at him, not knowing what to say. He stood at least a head taller than you, but you knew that if you had to, you could kill him in half a minute. But this man was calm, composed. You wouldn’t have to kill him. Yet. “Tell me why you were on Coruscant,” He said, his accented voice strong and demanding. “I’m a smuggler,” You said, “I was there on a job.” “But you’re aware there is a bounty on your head, it must be dangerous to travel to the Core,” the General replied, his words slicing through you, cold and void of emotion. He saw the look on your face, and a small smirk crossed his lips, “Oh, you did not know.” You felt cold sweat on your forehead, your knees shaking. No, you did not know there was a bounty on your head. You tried desperately to think back to any deals that had gone wrong, partners you should not have trusted, but couldn’t think of any. Who had put a bounty on your head? Sensing your confusion, General Hux continued, “Months ago, you stole eight power converters from a First Order freighter. Do you remember?” You swallowed hard. You did remember. There had been a large shipment of power converters on Coruscant, and you had been tasked with stealing six of them and delivering them to a contact on Hosnian Prime. You had stolen eight without trouble, keeping two for yourself, and traveling the Hosnian Prime the next cycle. You were on Corsuscant days ago because your contact needed more. You hadn’t even known what the First Order was. “Yes,” You sighed. This was it, you were going to be killed, or be taken as a slave, “I was on Coruscant for another supply run. General Hux smiled, and waved off the two stormtroopers. You watched curiously as they exited the room. Immediately you were uncomfortable alone with the General. There was something about him you didn’t like. “The First Order is willing to strike a deal with you, smuggler,” He said, his eyes looking you up and down, “If you agree to work with us, we will forget about the bounty on your head. You furrowed your eyebrows. It was a good deal, one that was hard to resist, but something told you not to take it. You had heard about the Empire from old smuggler friends, about deals gone wrong, and you were reluctant to say yes to General Hux. But what other choice did you have? Death? “What do I have to do?” You crossed your arms across your chest, staring up at the man as he moved closer to you. You instinctively moved away from him, your back hitting the wall. Something was telling you not to trust this man, to get far away from here, but you couldn’t. “You will be doing supply runs for the First Order,” General Hux replied, his light eyes staring down at you, “You will have a ship supplied by the First Order, as well as quarters here on the base. It also pays well.” “What’s the catch?” There was always a catch. “You will be contractually obligated to the First Order only,” General Hux smirked down at you. You swallowed, feeling trapped. You would be able to continue doing your job, to leave the base whenever you needed, and still get a steady income. But there was something about this place you didn’t like, something about this man, about the other Force-User… But, you needed the credits, and couldn’t afford having a bounty on your head. If you got on General Hux’s good side, maybe he would even let you travel, looking for Ben, for Master Luke… “Okay,” You held out your hand, “It’s a deal.” His cold hand clasped around yours, and shook. You felt his arrogance, stronger and more dangerous than the other man’s had been. At least the other man’s arrogance had been unstable, and unguided…but General Hux was ambitious, powerful. You would have to watch out for him. Back in your quarters, you found your lightsaber sitting in one piece on the table in your room. You almost ran to it, snatching it up quickly, and feeling the familiar metal hilt in your hands. You activated the lightsaber, feeling the Force pulsing through your hand and across the white blade. It emitted a familiar woosh as you swung it lightly through the air. You hoped you wouldn't have to use it. Notes: happy wednesday! i know this fic is starting out a little slow, but i promise its not going to be just like every other "kylo ren-captures-and-tortures-reader-and-she-falls-in-love-with-him" fic but theres a lot more to it than that. reader has a new job! oh also ignore that it just skipped from chapter 1.5 to chapter 3, i was going to name it chapter 2 but that was way too confusing Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You awoke at 0700 sharp, to knocking on your door. It took you awhile to recall who you were, where you were. You remembered having a very familiar dream about a dark-haired boy, and a green light… You jumped up from the bed in your quarters, wrapping a blanket around yourself as you answered the door. An officer stood at attention, holding a glowing datapad in his hands. You reluctantly took it from his gloved hands, and he walked away quickly. You closed the door and crawled back in bed, staring at the datapad. There was information in it about your new ship, and when your first supply run would be. Jakku, to retrieve ship parts. You had never been to the planet before, but knew enough. It wasn’t on the top of your list of places to visit. You skimmed through the information, finally locating the time and date of your departure. You departed that evening, after dinner sometime. You would spend most of the night in hyperspace, getting sleep. You hoped that for your sake you would at least be supplied with a simple astromech as a co-pilot. You lie back in bed after setting the datapad down on the floor, and dreamed again of an island, and a dark-haired boy. - You awoke again and it was lighter outside, the sky a soft dull grey, blinding your eyes when you stared out at the snow. You got up and showered quickly in the refresher, then made yourself a small portion of lunch in your kitchen. You sat on your bed eating, meditating. You wanted so badly to find out who the cloaked man was. Even just his name. Though he had not allowed you to enter his mind, you could feel his presence on the ship. Looming somewhere, arrogant and angry. Yet, there was something familiar about him. You didn’t want to admit it, but there was a part of you that wanted to get to know him, to explore that feeling of nostalgia you got whenever you were around him. Was he part of the Jedi Academy? No, you would’ve known if one of your own became a Sith. There were no students that showed an interest in the Dark Side, none but you. But you were no one now, a smuggler. You wished you could talk to Ben about it all. He would know what to do. After you had eaten, you got dressed and wandered around the base. It was much bigger than you had previously assumed it to be, and without the guidance of the Force, you would have gotten lost. You lingered in the hangar for awhile, watching the techs repair ships, droids skid around the floor, and even hearing the familiar screech of TIE fighters entering and leaving the base. You hadn’t known what a hub of activity the base really was since you had spent most of your time there being interrogated. It struck you then how big the First Order must really be. “Fascinating, aren’t they?” The voice made you snap out of your people watching, and turn quickly to view from which the voice came from. General Hux stood behind you at attention, his hands behind his back, and his eyes staring intently at the hangar in front of you both. “Yes,” You said nervously, glad for once to be surrounded by so many people in case Hux tried something. “Best engineering in the galaxy,” Hux said absentmindedly, staring at the docked TIEs. You swallowed hard, nodding at his observation. “Was there something you needed, sir?” His eyes shifted quickly onto you, and you felt that familiar cold wash over you. Your hand twitched to the lightsaber on your belt. “I should warn you that this job will not be easy,” General Hux said, staring down at you. “I think I can handle myself,” You replied, not so kindly. You weren’t a prisoner anymore; you were an employee, and a powerful one at that. “You’re replaceable, smuggler,” General Hux snapped, vitriol on his tongue, “Don’t forget that.” He stared at you a moment longer, his arms crossed under the jacket he wore on his broad shoulders. You were the first to look away, pushing past Hux and out the hangar. But before you were even back in the hallway, you felt someone grab your arm. You turned quickly, feeling the Force vibrate through the air as you did so. One of Hux’s hands was gripped tight above your elbow, and he stared down at you with cold, emotionless eyes, a ghost of a smirk on his face. “ Don’t forget that ,” He repeated, before releasing you and walking away. - You spent the rest of your day in your room, meditating. After the encounter with Hux, you had sent waves of calmness through the Force, trying to relax and forget about it. But you couldn’t forget, and Hux wasn’t about to let you anytime soon. As much as you loved traveling, and needed the credits, how much time around Hux could you bear to spend? When the time finally came to head back down to the hangar, you found yourself nervous, and it surprised you. You usually relied on the Force to calm your nerves, but now it was different. There was so much sitting on your shoulders, working for the First Order. If you messed up even a little bit, you could be executed or exiled. You prided yourself on being good at your job, but now you would have to be better than usual. You brought to the hangar with you what little personal items you had: the datapad outlining the details of your trip, your lightsaber, and a change of clothes supplied by the First Order. The hangar was still bustling with activity when you arrived, and to your dismay, Hux was already there waiting for you. He turned around, his cold eyes on you immediately, and you felt your skin crawl. But you forced yourself to smile, walking into step beside him. “Your ship has been prepped for a roundtrip to Jakku,” He drawled, “If you attempt to flee, jump into hyperspace and land on another planet, you will run out of fuel before you could say sabacc. ” You shivered at the thought of running out of fuel, being forced out of hyperspace, and possibly crash-landing on some outer-rim planet where you knew nobody. Hux really was serious about this. He paused in front of a small vessel, and you beside him. Techs were still working on it when you saw Hux nod to you, signaling you to get on board. Your heart beating hard in your chest, you walked quickly up the ramp and into the cockpit. It was a small ship, smaller than the one you had been used to using for years, but it would do. You sat for a second in the pilot’s seat, before you saw Hux motion outside the ship for you to come back down. “Treat this ship as if it was your own,” Hux said when you stopped beside him. You nodded. Truthfully, you didn’t know much about ships, just how to pilot them. Master Orrdio had taught you how as part of your training, but you didn’t know how to repair them. You wondered again if you would get an astromech companion to assist with any repairs. “And you will have a co-pilot,” Hux said again, and you breathed a sigh of relief. A co-pilot, an actual living, breathing organism, was even better than an astromech. Possibly they would even show you a thing or two about repairing ships. “Here he is now,” Hux drawled, as if bored with the whole situation, but you sensed his body tense, and you followed his gaze. You watched as the tall man in black made his way across the hangar, towards where you and Hux stood. It was difficult to keep your composure, but you did so with difficulty. Here, around so many other people and a commanding officer, you couldn’t give the man a piece of your mind. Yet. He paused close to you and Hux, and you felt a nervous energy emanating from Hux, surprising even you. “General,” Came his low, distorted voice from behind the mask. You kept your hand close to your lightsaber when he glanced toward you, just in case. But he didn’t seem to want to fight. In fact, he didn’t seem like he wanted to threaten you at all. You allowed yourself to relax. “Ren,” General Hux said, “I believe you two have met before.” “Briefly,” You said, resisting the urge to roll your eyes. Even though you weren’t anymore a Jedi, you still needed to act like one. “Commander Ren will be your co-pilot on this mission, and all future missions,” General Hux said, and you sensed such smugness in his voice that it was all you could take to not activate the lightsaber in his direction, “He will act not only as a co-pilot and partner, but a supervising officer.” “I don’t need a babysitter,” You snapped, and this time your hand did grip the lightsaber, “Besides, what could he do to help?” “You will find that the Commander is quite versed in smuggling,” General Hux replied, but this time the venom in his voice was directed towards another person. You glanced over to the man in black at your left, whose gloved hands clenched into fists. You furrowed your eyebrows in confusion, and turned your eyes back to General Hux, who finally seemed to be enjoying himself. “It will be in your best interest to follow his orders, Jedi,” General Hux said, his blue eyes boring holes into yours before he turned and walked away. A tension in the air lifted immediately, one you hadn’t noticed before. I’m not a Jedi, you thought sourly. You sighed, now aware of the man to your left. The last thing you wanted was to spend a mission alone with him, let alone as a co-pilot and partner. He stood like a statue, his hands still clenched into fists, and you felt tendrils of anger come off of him in the Force. You shook them off mentally before leading him up the ramp and into the ship. You didn’t look behind you to know he followed, you could feel his presence right away. “Co-pilot’s seat is that one,” You said, taking the left seat in the cockpit, “If we’re professional and efficient, this shouldn’t be painful for either of us.” You began pressing buttons, prepping the ship for takeoff. If you were lucky, you could jump into hyperspace right away, and spend the rest of the trip alone in your quarters. Ren took the seat next to yours, mirroring your actions with his gloved hands. You stopped your motions for only half a second, surprised at his actions. Maybe he really did know his stuff. He was silent when you took the ship smoothly out of the hangar, and jumped into hyperspace. Stars turned into long blue streaks, and you were suddenly thrust into a tunnel of blue. You stared out the window for a second longer, realizing just how much you had missed space travel. You reached into a compartment below the controls, and pulled out two comms. You set one on the dashboard near Ren, and held the other in your hand. “We probably won’t need these, but you never know,” You said, “I’ll be in my quarters. If you need me, use this.” You clicked the autopilot switch to “on” and stood to find your quarters. But before leaving the cockpit, you stopped. “Why are you here?” You realized the bluntness of your voice, and wished you hadn’t said anything. You turned your head to look down at the floor in front of you, mentally apologizing. The last thing you needed was for him to be angry with you. You continued walking then, eventually finding your quarters and sitting to meditate. Meditating even with another Force-user close to you was much easier than you expected it to be. You were always adept at clearing your mind, allowing nothing but the Force to permeate your thoughts. After meditating for what felt like hours, your stomach began to grumble with hunger. You hadn’t even noticed how hungry you had been. In hyperspace, it was easy to lose track of time. You stood up from the position you held during meditation, and exited your quarters with the woosh of the automatic door. There was a small kitchen on board you could use to make quick portions of food, and you did so quickly, wanting to avoid Ren as much as possible. You hadn’t felt this anxious, this nervous around another person since well, possibly ever. You had grown up around Jedi, around other Force users, why was this one so different? You took your portion back up to the cockpit where you sat eating, staring mindlessly at the streaks of blue and white as they enveloped the ship. You jumped when you heard the door to the cockpit open and close, and listened to the soft bootsteps as they came closer to where you sat. He sat down in the co-pilot seat next to you, and you forced yourself to steal a sideways glance at him as you finished your meal. There was something different about him. You could sense that he was calmer now. Had he meditated too? You held your dirty plate in your hands awkwardly. “If we’re going to be doing this a lot, I need to get a few things off my chest, okay?” He made no move to show if he was listening, but you continued, “We’re partners now, that means whether either of us like it or not, we’re a team and we work together. I forgive you for torturing me because I expect that its part of your job. But from here on out, we need to trust each other, okay? That means no torture, no looking into each other’s thoughts…we can be professional about this. Mature.” You thought that you had summed up your feelings pretty well, and were feeling confident after finally getting your thoughts out. He continued to sit in the co-pilot’s seat, silent and still as a statue. You took his silence as understanding, and stood up to put your plate away, when he spoke. “I’m looking for something,” His mechanical voice echoed through the chambers of the cockpit. You nodded at his reply, not pressing further. Yes, you supposed, you were looking for something, too. Notes: hello friends! wow, im so sorry for missing wednesday. ive been so so busy with class. not to mention im ten years late to the kotor train and have started playing that in my little free time. i really like this chapter, i think its one of my favorites that ive written so far. hux is by far my favorite character to write. this is really the first time ive ever written him as ruthless, and kinda creepy. i have a lot of plans for him in the future, so stay tuned. as far and reader and ren go, im very excited to write their relationship, too. i mentioned before that i was heavily inspired by vos and ventress' relationship in dark disciple, so if you've read that -and liked it- youre hopefully going to enjoy this, too. im playing around with the idea of possibly adding another chapter, something a little shorter to bridge the gap between now and wednesday, just because i updated this so late, so keep checking back! thanks again for all the comments and kudos, i love you all so much and you really are what keeps me going as a writer and star wars fan <3 Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You spent the rest of the trip away from Ren, either meditating in your room or exploring the ship. You had tried to meditate after your last conversation with him, but to no avail. You had too much on your mind. Through wandering around the small ship, you stumbled upon a small, open room, probably designed for smuggling large ship parts or small speeders on board. But you currently weren’t using it, and wouldn’t need it until you landed on Jakku, so you decided to use it as a training room. Upon finding the loading area, you searched more around the ship for a few small remotes, finally finding some tucked away in a drawer, probably from the last owner. You set the remotes up and ignited your lightsaber. It was exhilarating wielding the weapon once again. You hadn’t trained in what felt like years, and now with just you, the Force, and the lightsaber, you finally felt in your element. You let all the stress, nervous energy, and chaos in your mind melt away as you trained. But when all the stress was gone, you were left thinking about Ben. When you had left the Academy to find him, there was only a small trail to follow, starting with his parents, neither of which knew anything about their son. Neither of them had seen Ben in years, but Leia was kind enough to let you stay with her on Hosnian Prime for a couple days. You learned a lot about her, and Ben, as well as his father. When you finally left the Hosnian System to track down Han Solo, he was distant. Leia had said that he had raced speeders, but you found he had gone back to smuggling. He didn’t want to talk about Ben, and whenever you brought up his son, you saw sadness in his eyes that he hid very well beneath the tufts of greying hair. “Who are you, anyway?” He had asked. “I was a student with Ben,” You finally said, realizing it would do you no good to lie. “You trained with Luke?” Han’s eyes had lit up for the first time, but the look was gone before you knew it. Leia had told you about how close her brother was to Han, and you felt a pang of sadness for the man. Han, like many others around the galaxy, had obviously believed Luke to be gone. You spent the day with Han and Chewie, listening to their stories about Luke and Leia, about the Empire, and the Rebellion. Hearing the excitement in Solo’s voice as he recounted his adventures with his friends reminded you greatly of Ben, and it was a bittersweet feeling. Being with Han made you feel at home, and you hadn’t felt that way since you had been with Ben. You had told Han that you didn’t have a job and needed credits, that you were a hard worker who could keep their mouth shut. He had considered it for a moment, before offering you a job as a second-mate on the ship. T hat’s how you became a smuggler working jobs with Han Solo. You started out with remedial tasks like cleaning and organizing things, but in a year, you had advanced to leading missions, with Han as the co-pilot. Eventually, you realized that although you liked spending time with Han and Chewie, you needed to go on your own. You had already gone a year without looking for Ben. The day you left Han’s service was heartbreaking, but you hid it well. You didn’t need Han to see you as weak and vulnerable. He had let you keep the blaster he had given to you, and the rest of your credits. Once you hugged Chewie goodbye, you turned to Han. “I’ll come visit you again,” You said, hopeful, “But you know I need to be on my own.” Han nodded, walking beside you along the landing pad below the Falcon. His hands were in his pockets, his eyes cast downward. You could feel his sadness in the Force. He missed Ben, and Leia, and you could feel it. Being around you for the last year seemed like his last connection to his family. “I know,” He finally said, looking down at you with a crooked smile. He placed a large hand on your shoulder just like Ben used to do, and you felt feelings you hadn’t in years bubble up to the surface. Han had become the father you never had, and you now understood why Ben had loved him so much. But you needed to leave, needed to find Ben. You walked with Han to your ship, and stood for one last moment on the ramp, waving goodbye to him. “Tell Chewie I’ll see him again!” You shouted over the roar of the Falcon’s engines. Han smiled wider in reply, his hand still extended in a wave. Just as you turned to stride up the ramp of your ship, he called out, “Y/n!” You turned quickly, thinking you forgot something of importance. But Han just stood now with his hands at his sides, the sadness now in his eyes as he said, “If you find Ben…bring him home.” You jumped at the sound of the large durasteel door opening. You stood sweating and hot in the loading dock, breathing heavy when you turned to the door to where Ren stood in the doorway. "We've landed," He said quietly, before turning back the way he came. You deactivated the lightsaber and hung it from your hip once again, following Ren back into the ship. You thought of Han Solo again and hid a smile. What would he say if he found out you were now working for the First Order? But as the thought crossed your mind, you felt a familiar sadness penetrate through the Force. It was followed by feelings of doubt, anger, regret. You hadn't felt these emotions in years, and you were sure they weren't yours. You stood now in the cockpit, getting ready to board Jakku, staring at Ren's back as he gathered his things. Yes, you would need to talk to the man sometime about his feelings, since he so easily broadcasted them through the Force. But not today. Notes: here's the short lil filler chapter i mentioned! just a little something to fill up the space between last friday and wednesday, but also a tiny bit of exposition to move the story along. hope you enjoyed! Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jakku was the most desolate planet you had ever been on, and the only recognizable landmarks seemed to be destroyed Star Destroyers and AT-ATs scattered around the sand from the Battle of Jakku years prior. You hadn’t even gotten left the cockpit when you felt the dry air beginning to suffocate you. “Okay,” you muttered, staring out through the large window, “Lets do this, then.” You walked past to where Ren stood and into your quarters where you attached your lightsaber onto your belt, and pulled the First Order-issued robe around your shoulders. You stepped out of your quarters to find Ren waiting for you, his own lightsaber hanging from his belt, and his back turned to you. You took a deep breath, allowed the Force to center and balance you before you addressed him. This would be a long trip. “Are you ready?” You asked, and he turned his head to look at you through his mask. You took that as a yes, and led the way out of the ship. The hot Jakku air hit you immediately, catching your breath in your throat, and stifling your lungs. The hot seemed to exist everywhere around you, and there was no escape. Ren walked past you, taking long strides away from the ship and near the town center where humanoids and alien species alike were conversing, bartering, and socializing. You stumbled through the sand for a second before catching up with him. You were taken aback by just how at home and relaxed he seemed here. Not once did he stumble or seem out of place. You envied it. He stopped in front of a trading post in the middle of the little town, surrounded by organic beings working or talking, some of them stealing glances towards you and Ren. It struck you then that most of them wore dust-covered clothes, like rags hanging off of their bodies, accessorized with weapons on their hips and goggles and fabric protecting their faces from the sand. “Keep watch,” Ren commanded from inside his mask, as he made his way towards one of the vendors. You nodded in reply, your hand hovering near your lightsaber. There was something about this planet and its people you didn’t trust, so you didn’t mind taking the backseat on this mission in order to stay safe. It was a long while before Ren returned to you. Though you were sweating heavily, your feet were getting tired of standing, and you were sure you had gotten the galaxy’s worst sunburn, you didn’t leave your post. Ren stopped beside you, his tall form casting a shadow onto your body. “Well?” You asked, relaxing a bit now that he was next to you again. You couldn’t quite explain why, but you felt safer around him. “The ship parts are being delivered as we speak,” He said, “We leave in an hour." You stifled a groan. “I’ll get the ship ready for takeoff.” You led the way back to the ship, where a few humanoids covered in similar dusty clothes were loading heavy mechanics into the ship. You walked up the ramp and into the cockpit where you sat with a sigh. The temperature inside the craft wasn’t much different than the outside, but just being out of the sand helped. Ren took the seat quietly next to you, and began hitting controls on the dashboard. You considered him silently before speaking. “Never pegged you for someone who knew how to pilot a ship,” You said, eyebrows furrowed. He continued pressing buttons, getting the ship prepped for flight. “So what is it you’re looking for?” You were trying to be friendly, but you saw his body tense at the question. He paused in his movement for just a moment, before finishing up the pre-flight sequence. Then he stood and made his way back into the belly of the ship, no doubt to his quarters. You weren’t expecting to be his best friend right away, especially not after he had tortured you for days. But one of the things you had learned at the Academy was to let things go, that dwelling on things didn’t help. If you could forgive him, why couldn’t he try to be your friend? You were deep in thought when you got the okay signal from one of the humanoids from the outpost. You signaled thumbs up to them, and waited for them to leave the area before taking off. Ren had already completed the co-pilot’s work before you had taken off, so you just had to punch in the coordinates to the base and launch into hyperspace. You stayed in the pilot’s seat during the whole trip back to the base. Part of you was hoping Ren would come back and try to talk to you, but that never happened. You also had always found flying through hyperspace therapeutic, almost meditative. You stayed in the cockpit until you dropped out of hyperspace and landed the craft safely back in the hangar. Ren emerged from the back of his ship, but you stood and held up a hand, stopping his movement. He brushed it off with a Force of his own, but you only followed after him down the ramp and into the busy and loud hangar. “If we’re going to be doing this a lot, we need to communicate,” You said, struggling to keep up with his long strides, “We’re a lot alike, you and I.” You were in the hallway now, and he took the chance to guide you into an empty room with the Force. Once inside, you felt the presence of the Force leave, but his figure was close to yours as he spoke. “We are not alike,” He growled from beneath his mask, “We are nothing alike.” “I don’t know what this ‘feel-sorry-for-me-I-was-never-close-to-my-parents’ act is, but it won’t work on me,” You growled back at him, “Maybe its worked on other people you’ve swindled, other politicians, other women, but it won’t work on me. We’re partners, Ren, whether you like it or not.” You felt the Force enclose your neck before you saw him raise his arm, but you were skilled enough to know how to fight it. You watched, even in the darkness, as his raised arm struggled and shook as he wrapped the dark Force tendrils around your neck. You had been choked, threatened, tortured enough to know how to withstand it. You gathered your own anger in the Force, and let it encompass the invisible hold on your throat, pulling the grip off of yours throat. He physically stumbled backward, and you stood still as you watched him lower his hand and move quickly back into the hallway. For a second, you stood in the dark room, hand rubbing subconsciously on the area where he had tried to Force-choke you. Then you too exited the room and went back into your quarters. The following weeks were much of the same. Getting a mission via droid or officer, and meeting with Ren in the cockpit of your ship before takeoff. He was never as talkative as your first mission. You supposed he learned his lesson. After you had successfully rejected his attempt to Force-choke you, he was more closed off than usual, and his presence in the Force was slim to none. His presence at times was so silent that many times he scared you when he walked into the cockpit, all traces of himself in the Force gone. But something had changed in you, too. You sensed more anger in yourself ever since the incident in the room. You knew it wasn’t the Jedi way to dwell on things, to use anger as a weapon, but you could feel yourself growing more powerful by the day. But you were no Jedi. And if Ren was going to threaten you more, you needed to be as powerful as you could be. Currently, you sat in the cockpit seat with an astromech next to you as you watched it repair one of the broken shield generators. The little droid beeped a question at you while one of its little arms sparked inside of the belly of the cockpit. “No, I just found it like this, R3,” you replied, your elbow resting uncomfortably on the cockpit as your hand held your chin. The droid beeped suspiciously at you in reply and you scoffed, “I’m serious. I came to check the coordinates for tomorrow’s mission were correct, and the whole cockpit was up in smoke.” You had just finished dinner and had walked up the ramp into the ship, where everything was covered in smoke. In response, you ran back into the hangar and hailed down the first officer you spotted, who sent you the R3 astromech for repair. After the smoke was cleared, you realized the whole cockpit was destroyed, and bared marks eerily similar to those of a lightsaber. You had been in the cockpit now for several hours, much past your bedtime, but you needed to be present to supervise as the droid finished its repairs. It was boring work, but it gave you time to meditate and center yourself for the following morning. The next mission was an important one. You were being sent to Hosnian Prime with Ren to retrieve not something, but someone. The mission brief had not stated anything further. It was much past your bedtime once R3 finished its repairs, and you followed it sleepily down the ramp of the ship. You called a tired goodnight towards it and it beeped something you couldn’t make out in reply. You crossed the space into the hallway, where you were among one of the few night owls still awake. Back in your quarters, you didn’t even take off the day’s clothes or take a shower before you fell into bed and were asleep within minutes. You had a fitful night of sleep, and were exhausted when you woke up in the morning. You made yourself a quick breakfast in your kitchen and took a shower in the refresher before putting on a change of clothes. Datapad in hand as you rushed towards the hangar, you considered how weird it was being part of something when you hadn’t been for so long. Officers dressed similar to you passed you in the hall, some you saw every day smiled or said good morning. You had spent the past five years of your life getting far away from the Academy and belonging to something, to find yourself part of something all over again. You walked briskly up the ramp of the ship, stifling a yawn, and finding Ren already in the co-pilot’s seat, prepping the ship for takeoff. You furrowed your brows, looking down at the time on your datapad. You still had half an hour before takeoff. “You’re early,” You commented cheerfully and sitting down next to him. “Couldn’t sleep,” He replied. It was then you noticed his gloves were off, and long, pale fingers were pressing buttons and switches on the dashboard. For a while, you had wondered if Kylo Ren had even been a man, and now you had your confirmation. “Me neither,” You said, taking your eyes off of his hands. You watched him pause in his movement, his masked head turning towards you. “What?” He didn’t reply, and returned to prepping the ship. Once finished, he sat back in the seat, staring idly out the cockpit windows and into the busy hangar. “What happened in here last night?” You asked, crossing your arms across your chest. You weren’t about to forget the fact that there was lightsaber marks all across the controls, “I was here until 0200 supervising the repair droid. You could’ve helped.” You watched now as his ungloved hands clenched into fists, the skin above his knuckles turning a ghostly white color. His fists unclenched soon after, but he didn’t reply. “Okay,” You said, glancing over at the time, “You don’t have to tell me, that’s fine. I understand it must be embarrassing to lose your temper-“ “I’m not embarrassed!” The shout came loud and guttural due to the distortion in the mask. The hairs on your neck and arms stood up in response. “Okay,” You said, now vaguely aware of the lightsaber on your hip, “ Okay.” You mentally shook off his shout, and physically shook your head as you began to guide the ship out of the hangar. You expected Ren to retreat back into his quarters the second you launched into hyperspace, but he didn’t. He continued to sit still, staring out of the windows. A thought struck you once you were in hyperspace and the ship was on autopilo. “Do you want to train with me?” You hadn’t trained with another living person in years. There was a period of time after you left the Academy when you had a partner who trained with a black market lightsaber, but it wasn’t the same. Ren turned to look at you again, and you smiled weakly. “Training always helps me relieve any stress or frustrations. And it’s a lot less expensive than you constantly ruining our ship.” You were trying to be funny, but he didn’t laugh. Even if he had, you wouldn’t have been able to tell through the mask. “Well, I’m going to go anyway,” You said when he didn’t reply, “And you’re welcome to join.” You stood and made your way to the small training area near the back of the ship. You had used it to train with remotes previously, and to meditate in silence. There, the only sound was from the hum of the engines. You set up four different remotes to dart around you as you ignited your lightsaber and began to train. Though training was a kind of meditation as well, you couldn’t help your mind wandering. You weren’t quite sure why you were being so kind to Ren. Master Luke had taught you to give everyone the benefit of the doubt and to trust in the Force, but years as a smuggler and bounty hunter had taught you not to trust anyone. But Ren was different. He was closed-up and distant, there was no doubt about that, but at least he was honest. Thus far, he had not lied to you about anything, had not betrayed you or left you on a planet though you had joked that he would do it multiple times. He was straightforward, authentic, and you found yourself actually realizing you trusted him. You trained in silence for quite a time, before deactivating your lightsaber and remotes. You wished Ren would have taken your offer to train with you, training with the remotes was getting boring and you could only learn so much about blocking blaster bolts. Your uniform had been discarded near the edge of the room, and you were sweating in your underclothes- soft shorts and a type of sports bra. You were gathering up your pile of clothes when you heard the large door open. Ren stood in the doorway, staring across the room to where you stood. Usually you would have been embarrassed to be in such an intimate setting, but you found yourself calm and unflustered with his presence. Another perk of being trained as a Jedi for years: understanding how to overcome distracting emotions like embarrassment. You almost smirked when you felt his own embarrassment for half a second in the Force before he smartly hid it away. So the great Kylo Ren did have feelings? “Are we close?” You asked, your bare feet padding across the room to where he stood in the doorway. He nodded curtly and walked away once you got closer to him. It was all you could take to not laugh at his turned back. Notes: yay finally some real interaction between reader and kylo ren and some plot development! i had a lot of fun writing this chapter :) and don't worry, there will probably be a lot more flashbacks to young ben and possibly even some han solo for reader in the future. also prepare for daddy issues crylo ren soon!!!! yay!!!! Chapter 7 : Chapter 7 Notes: a long chapter, but i promise its worth it. lots of angst ahead. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You landed the ship silently onto a small landing pad on the outskirts of the city. It was dark on Hosnian Prime, and you stared out of the cockpit at the city lights as you waited for Ren. He had been silent since the confrontation with you earlier, and had only mumbled something about changing so you didn’t look like a Jedi. You did so before landing the ship, replacing your cloak with a non-assuming First Order jacket, and strapping a blaster around the holster on your waist. The lightsaber was snug on your holster on the small of your back, guarded by your jacket. You stood when Ren entered the room. His large robe created a hood over his face, and a piece of fabric covered the lower part of his face, meeting the cast shadow. He too wore a light jacket, along with a holster around his dark pants, and armored boots. Under all of the new attire, you could feel his own discomfort and embarrassment- you had to search through the Force, but it was there. “Haven’t you ever seen a girl without her basics on?” It wasn’t the topic of conversation you had imagined yourself having with Ren while traversing through the city, but you enjoyed making him feel uncomfortable. He guided you through the shadows, past the ship, and into the heart of the city, your own footfalls masked by the crowds. “ Silence ,” He ordered, holding a hand up towards you. He wasn’t using the Force, just gesturing for you to shut up. The two of you stood in the shadows casted by the tall buildings around you, passersby not even aware of your appearance. “Come on, Ren,” You whispered as he looked for an opening in the large crowd near you, “All that training in the Dark Side and you’re still embarrassed?” Your laugh turned into a grunt when he had thrown you against the wall of the building you were using as shelter. “ Do not get us killed ,” He snapped quietly, his gloved hands pressing your shoulders hard into the wall, “Or else I will kill you myself.” You thought back to when he changed into smuggler’s clothes on the ship, hoping you would get to hear his real voice. But the voice distortion was still there, and you sensed enough annoyance in the Force to know how he felt. The pressure on your shoulders suddenly disappeared, replaced by a faint vibration in your nerves and a hotness on your cheeks that you immediately shook off. After pushing through the crowd, he stopped again in the shadow of another building, holding up a gloved hand and gesturing for you to follow. You hadn’t gotten used to seeing him like this. Without his uniform, mask and armor, he seemed almost like a normal smuggler. He was almost vulnerable. You walked silently behind him in the shadows, until he stopped in front of you. “We’re here,” He mumbled, though the place didn’t look remarkable at all. You stood in a quiet and dank alleyway, surrounded on all sides by darkness and tall walls. “Where?” You whispered. You watched him silently take hold of the blaster in one hand and lightsaber in the other. You swallowed hard. That wasn’t a good sign. “Stay behind me,” He commanded. You were about to argue that you could handle yourself when a door nearby slammed open. You heard the noise of cantina music come from the open door before it closed again. A figure emerged from the shadows where the door was, and started walking your way. Ren ignited the saber with a woosh and held the blaster up in front of him. “Name yourself,” He shouted, the distortion of his voice echoing off the alley walls. He moved forward silently, and you ignited your lightsaber as well. Now both red and white reflected off of the metal surfaces of the walls around you. A name never came, instead to your surprise came a human female in her teens. You looked at Ren curiously as he deactivated the lightsaber but kept the blaster aimed at the girl. “This is our cargo?” You hissed, “What is going on?” “ Silence ,” Ren replied, quickly turning and guiding the both of you out of the alleyway and back the way you came. You kept a close eye on the girl as she followed behind you, her eyes downcast and body shaking. In the light of the city streets, you saw she was pale and malnourished. Once in the ship, Ren ordered you to guide her to her quarters, and to get her food while he prepped the ship for takeoff. You did so, trying to make conversation or ask questions, but the girl was silent and kept her eyes on her shoes. You finally resigned to leaving her in her quarters, telling her she could come to you if she needed anything. Back in the cockpit, Ren was in the co-pilot’s chair as you sat down and prepared the ship for takeoff. It was silent as you led the ship out of the Hosnian System and went into hyperspace. You watched with tightly knit brows as Ren typed in coordinates you weren’t familiar with. “What’s going on?” You asked again, getting up from your seat and removing the jacket from around your shoulders and boots from your feet. “This wasn’t a mission from the First Order was it?” Ren didn’t look at you when he got up from the seat and moved quickly out of the cockpit. You followed him to his quarters, where he closed the door behind him, trapping you out in the hallway. Eventually the door opened again and he wore his helmet, cloak and robes underneath. You stared up at the mask before he pushed away from you and back into the cockpit where he sat down and stared out the window. “That girl’s parents are paying a large sum to those who can prevent her from being sold into slavery,” He replied quietly. You stared in disbelief at the man in front of you. “You’re actually helping somebody?” “You are no better than I," Ren snapped. “You’re a smuggler now too,” You yelled back at him, “We’re both no better than each other. I just think it’s interesting how everyone on the base is so afraid of you, yet here you are going out of your way to help people. The Dark Lord Kylo Ren isn’t so dark after all.” He stood from the seat and faced you, but you were too quick for him. You activated the lightsaber on your belt, the white light reflecting off of his dark armor, “You come any closer to me and I will kill you.” He stared at you curiously for a second, before saying, “I am unarmed.” “I’m not afraid to kill you,” You growled, holding the lightsaber tight in your hands. “Interesting,” He mumbled, “ You’re not as aligned to the Light after all.” And then he walked out of the room and you heard the door to his quarters close. You stood shaking with anger and confusion as you deactivated the saber. You too returned to your quarters where you meditated. After awhile, you felt the ship land again, and you exited your quarters refreshed and ready to confront Ren. You felt guilty for threatening him, but in the years you spent by yourself you had become attuned to your senses to the point where your own survival was your main priority . You stepped quietly down the ramp of the ship where you found Ren already in conversation with two teary-eyed humans. You had landed on a snowy planet; your cloak not insulated enough to keep you warm. You shivered as you watched the parents and teenager embrace, and then hand Ren a case of credits. The humans departed quickly on three snow speeders, and you watched Ren’s clock blowing in the wind as he made his way through the snow back to you and the ship. He stopped when he came to you beside of the ramp of the ship. “You should’ve stayed inside,” He commented as he walked up the ramp. You followed close behind and closed it behind you when you were back in the ship. “Why? So I couldn’t see you doing a good deed for once?” You sat down in the chair next to him, brushing snow off of your boots. “Those clothes are useless in the cold,” He said quietly, taking the ship up off the planet’s surface. You rolled your eyes as you took over the controls and guided the ship in silence through the planet’s atmosphere. You made the jump to lightspeed once you were clear of the planet and set coordinates for Starkiller Base. It was only when you were in your quarters back on the base that night that you realized Ren’s comment meant he was attempting to be helpful. You had been stressed recently, there was no doubt about it, but you hadn’t realized how stressed you had been until you finally had a week to yourself. Ren had gone on a personal mission with a transport of stormtoopers in the beginning of the week, so you were to stay put and behave until he got back to the base to commence another mission. “Stay put and behave” weren’t the words General Hux had explicitly said to you, but you got the gist. He had called you into his office in the beginning of the week, reviewing your recent missions, asking if you enjoyed the job, etc. You found it all extremely boring, and by the middle of the talk, his drawl had almost put you to sleep. “…with Commander Ren gone, you’re not to cause trouble,” He had said, his hands clasped on the immaculate desk in front of him, his icy eyes staring you all over, “We can’t afford to clean up any messes you make, Jedi.” The vitriol with which he spoke the last word woke you, and you stared up at him with icy eyes of your own. “I’m not a Jedi, General.” “Aren’t you?” He reclined in his seat now, the clasped hands resting across his abdomen. An amused smile played on his lips, and you wanted to hit him. “I’m sorry sir, but I don’t understand what you’re getting at,” You said calmly. With years of training and meditation in the art of dealing with assholes and how to stay calm around them, his games didn’t faze you. “You’re a Jedi,” Hux said smoothly, “And I can’t imagine how difficult it must be for someone like you to spend so much time with Kylo Ren. All that training you’ve had could easily be such a waste…just as it was for him.” Your hands gripped hard around the arms of the seat you were in. You didn’t call yourself a Jedi anymore, this was true, but nobody was going to insult your training and get away with it. Anger bubbled up inside of you, and it would be so easy to grab your lightsaber, plunge it through his chest… …but you were better than that. You took a deep breath, calling out to the Force to calm yourself. “Sir, I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re saying.” “Oh,” Hux said, his face truly broadcasting surprise this time, “ You don’t know .” He leaned forward once again in his seat, placing his arms and elbows on the desk in front of him. You instinctively moved away from him as his face came close to yours, staring down at you with hard eyes. “What don’t I know, General?” You said from between gritted teeth. You could feel his eyes all over you and it made you feel dirty, vulnerable. You swallowed hard, begging the Force to give you the will to not hit the man in front of you. “I suggest having a long talk with Commander Ren when he returns,” Hux said, a smirk dancing around his lips as he sat back in his chair. “You’re dismissed.” You stood from the chair as if it had been electrocuted. You practically ran out of Hux’s office, and straight to the training room. There were already others there, training in combat or with blasters, but many of them had gotten used to sharing the space with a Jedi. You ignited the lightsaber immediately after setting up remotes to follow you, and you released your anger through the weapon at your hand. You were getting better every day at deflecting blaster shots, especially when you were angry. And Hux often made you angry. You knew that it wasn’t the Jedi way to use anger as a tool, but you had no other safe way to release it. When you had run from the Academy, anger was foreign to you. You still remember the first time you felt it, when you had first acted on it, but you pushed the memory out of your mind. You couldn’t dwell on things. It wasn’t the Jedi way. You groaned silently as you battled the remotes flying around you. You could feel your muscles beginning to ache, sweat beginning to drip from your skin, but you couldn’t stop. Not until every piece of anger and emotion was gone from your body You didn’t hear the voice until your body twisted, your hand up in the air, closed around an invisible force. Your head snapped then in the direction of your extended arm, to where a helmeted stormtrooper hung in the air, clawing at his throat. You were vaguely aware of the silence that had fallen over the room and the hundreds of eyes staring at you and your ignited lightsaber. You stared across your arm at the man, your vision clouded with red, and your chest heaving. You wanted to scream, to close your hand tight around the man’s neck until it snapped. But then a sense of calm fell over you, and the man fell from your invisible grasp. Like a weight lifting off of your shoulders, you felt the anger, the Darkness release from your body, replaced only by a headache. Your shaking hand fell to your side, and you deactivated the lightsaber, now staring down at the man on the floor. A crowd had gathered around him, some of them staring at you in awe, others helping the stormtrooper to his feet. When he stood, he cast a look towards you through the mask, shouting something like, “Crazy Jedi bitch!” Others walked him out of the room, muttering things like “Can’t wait to see what Ren does with her,” or “Did you see her face?” You swallowed hard and went to work deactivating the remotes, placing them into a pile near your things. You were hyperaware of all eyes on you as you gathered your things and latched the lightsaber onto your belt as you walked out into the hallway. You stood sullen and defeated in your shower, staring down at your feet. How could you have let something so strong come over you? You felt so angry, so guilty, but you knew all you could do was forgive yourself and tell yourself you would do better. After exiting the refresher, you sat on the floor of your room and meditated for the rest of the night. Since your incident in the training room, you had been expecting a call on your comm system from General Hux, requesting your presence, but it never happened. In fact, at one point you even became worried that you were fired, and that Hux was just keeping you around for Ren to execute you when he returned. But neither happened. When Ren returned, you received a datapad from a shaking officer, detailing the specifics of your next mission. You were happy to have a purpose again. Strangely enough, you felt better being around Ren again, around somebody who understood what you were going through. But when you walked through the hallway to the hangar, looking around at officers who now refused to make eye contact with you, you remembered what Hux had said in his meeting with you earlier in the week. “You don’t know,” He had said, “ I suggest having a long talk with Commander Ren when he returns.” “Can I ask you something?” You ran in pursuit beside Ren, both of you with lightsabers in hand. It was the middle of the day; you were confounded as to why your target thought it would be a good idea to run. “ No! ” Ren commanded from under his hood, the tight fabric covering his face unwavering. He had dressed as a smuggler again, but when your contact had decided to run instead of pay the credits he owed, both of you had activated your lightsabers and had broken into a run, completely forgetting about being inconspicuous. Naboo. You had been here before, briefly, with Han Solo. It was a short supply run; you hadn’t even been on the planet a full cycle. But it had been enough time for you to realize how beautiful the planet was. But now you ran across the busy streets full of patrons as well as patrolling stromtroopers, and you couldn’t stop to look at scenery. People shouted at you as you both pushed your way through the crowd. You had attempted at first to apologize, but found it useless as it began to make you slow down. A thought struck you and you deactivated the lightsaber and pulled the slender datapad out of your jacket pocket, staring at it as you pushed past people “We can cut him off,” You called, looking from his tall dark figure to the map on your datapad, “If we turn here-“ “No!” He shouted again, “We stay close behind him.” “I’m leading the mission, Commander ,” You growled back at him, and banked left through an empty alleyway. You knew he would follow. You had been working jobs with him for a month now, and knew that because he was so stubborn, he wouldn’t take your orders until you actually did it. The alleyway opened up to an empty street bathed in sunlight. The man would be rounding the corner any second… You crashed on to the ground, staring up at the crimson blade centimeters from your face. You swallowed hard, looking from it to the man wielding it. “He’s going to get away!” You called to Ren, who stood like a statue, lightsaber aimed between your eyes, “Get him, not me!” You watched him turn, and heard the commotion as you sat up and saw Ren freeze the man in motion, before holding his lightsaber up to the man. You watched Ren release the man after aggravated conversation, and pocket a bag of credits the man gave him. Ren then raised the lightsaber again to strike the man down, but you stood to your feet and ignited your own lightsaber. “Don’t!” You shouted, pausing him in his action. You turned to the man then, “You can go.” The man looked from you to Ren quickly, before turning and running back down the alleyway you came through. Ren turned to you, deactivated the lightsaber, and pushed past you in the opposite direction. “Don’t think I have not heard about what you did,” Ren snapped as you followed him back through the city. You had already deactivated your lightsaber and it was resting safely on your holster, but Ren was still carrying his in tight-fisted hands as he prowled through the streets. You swallowed hard at his words. “I didn’t mean to.” Ren didn’t reply for the rest of the walk back to the ship. You sat in the cockpit, prepping the ship for takeoff when he stopped you. “We’re staying here tonight,” He said, getting up and walking back to his quarters. You dropped your hands from the dashboard, and stared forward, dumbfounded. Ren appeared again, the mask around his head, and threw a datapad towards you. On it was a message from General Hux, stating simply: “Deal with the Jedi yourself.” Your insides turned to liquid and you swallowed the lump in your throat. What was Ren going to do? Though you expected to be staying in your quarters during the night, Ren had insisted that you make camp outside the ship, by yourself, while he sat nearby meditating in the darkness. It was nearly sunset when you had camp set up. Two tents, and a fire actively burning close to the ship, surrounded on all sides by trees. You thought that there would be worse ways to die than lying on the forest ground, staring up at the stars. You ate soon after in silence, and then once dinner was done, sat across from each other in front of the fire. You were expecting at any moment for Ren to take the lightsaber from around his hip and challenge you to a duel, but it never happened. You relaxed a bit after it seemed Ren wasn’t going to try to kill you any time soon, and your thoughts rested on what Hux had told you days earlier. You finally realized that if Ren wasn’t going to willingly talk about himself, that you should be the one to break the ice. “I left the Academy when I was twenty-one, on a supply ship that came to the Academy every week. We were on an island, so it was the only way off. The pilot told me he would drop me off at a port on Dantooine in exchange for work.” You stole a glance across the fire to where Ren sat, to make sure he was listening. Of course, there was no way to tell through the mask, but you had a feeling you had piqued his interest. “On Dantooine, I did odd jobs for months until I had enough credits to buy my own ship. It was years and years of work for me to finally be respected as a smuggler. Nobody trusted me because of my lightsaber. Not many people trust Jedi anymore. But in all of my years as a smuggler, I’ve never met another Jedi. Not a single one.” “But something strange happened about a year ago. I was boarding my ship for takeoff when I felt something I had never felt before. Heartbreak, or what I assumed it would feel like. Like my body was being ripped part, piece by piece. And it wasn’t physical, that’s the weird thing. It came from inside me, and around me. It took me days of meditation to realize it was a disturbance in the Force. I’ve never experienced anything like that.” You stopped again, gathering your thoughts as you continued to stare blankly into the fire. Thus far, you had left anything about Ben out of the story. How he was the reason you had left the Academy, how you had met his parents, how you spent years searching for him…how the Bond you had shared with him had been broken when you felt that Disturbance. “I didn’t know there was even any Jedi left but myself,” You continued in a somber voice, “But obviously there were enough for me to feel something as strong as that. And after that, I distanced myself from being a Jedi. I never wanted to feel anything like that before. I got a new lightsaber, went by a different name…I could never return to that life again.” You had never once told anyone anything about where you had come from, what you had done. Indeed you did leave many crucial details about your five years as a smuggler out of the story, but you would reveal them to Ren at another time, if he would be willing to listen. “Anyway, you’re my only connection to the Force now,” You said now in a lighter tone, smiling across the fire at Ren, “It’s weird being around another Force-Sensitive when I spent years trying to get away from the Force, but here I am. But Master Luke always used to say there are no coincidences. So I guess this is like, destiny.” You were partly joking, but couldn’t help but feeling like the words you had spoken were true. There were no coincidences, only the Force. And for some reason, the Force had brought you and Ren together. You listened to the crackling of the fire in front of you as you dropped your gaze from Ren’s masked face. “It’s just strange how out of all of the people I could partner up with, it’s another Force-User. I thought they were all gone.” Both of you sat in silence for the rest of the night, before you watched Ren retreat to his tent in silence. You weren’t tired in the slightest, and stayed up tending to the fire for a few hours. It had been years since you had been so close to nature. When you were at the Academy, nature was always surrounding you. But you gave up that life when you became a smuggler, sticking to crowded and dirty cities where you could blend in easily. Eventually you got tired and put the fire out before returning to your own tent. The ground was hard under your body, and you had a fitful night of sleep due to the many thoughts running through your mind. Ren had not killed you tonight, but what would stop him from killing you in your sleep? There was also his presence in the Force that kept you awake, as well. You didn’t read his thoughts or emotions, but you could feel him there, and knew he was awake, too. Notes: extra chapter this week bc im feeling generous :-) file under: reader and kylo ren have a moment, and goodguy!kylo ren extra note: i imagine the ship in this fic to look pretty much exactly like the ghost in sw: rebels in case youre having a hard time picturing it Chapter 8 : Chapter 8 Notes: mild violence, lots of angst ahead (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You woke up to birdsong and bright sunlight the next morning. Crunching leaves and footfall on the ground around your tent alerted you to Ren’s presence. Somehow you had fallen asleep the night before, and for that you were thankful. If Ren was going to kill or torture you today, you would need your wits about you. You exited the tent to find the space around you empty, and began taking your tent apart. The work was easy and meditative, and you let your mind calm and relax from the long night of thinking you had. Eventually you loaded the tent back into the cargo hold of the ship, and walked sluggishly up the ramp. You were excited to be going back to the base today so that you could take a nap, but not excited about the impending meeting you would have with Hux. You sat in the pilot’s seat, and barely moved when Ren took the seat next to yours. He began hitting buttons on the dashboard, and you followed his movements slowly. The idea of meeting with Hux again weighed on your mind, and you were purely just going through the actions as you and Ren set the pre-flight procedures for the ship. If only you could stop thinking about Hux, stop worrying- “Your mind is quite active today.” The voice made you jump in your seat, and your fingers froze over the dashboard buttons. You blinked a few times, and shook your head to wake yourself from your thoughts. You would have been offended that he had looked into your mind, but you were too preoccupied with your thoughts to dwell on his. “Yes,” You said, slowly returning your fingers to the dashboard, “I have a lot to think about.” You finished your pre-flight sequences and sat back in the chair, closing your eyes. You had awoken refreshed this morning, but now the stress of returning to Starkiller base had resumed. “You’re not going to crash land this ship, are you?” You mumbled, your eyes still closed. A small halt in movement to your left revealed that Ren had heard you. Then the quiet noise of fabric moving as you assumed he turned to look at you. “’ Deal with the Jedi yourself’ that’s what Hux’s message said,” You replied, “And you haven’t dealt with me. The closest thing to punishment you gave me was making me set up camp by myself. And because you haven’t ‘punished the Jedi’, I’ll have to hear about it from Hux.” You opened your eyes now and looked towards Ren, whose masked head was staring down at the ground in front of him. “I can take it though,” You said, giving him a small reassuring smile, “Don’t worry about me.” When you walked out of the ship and into the hangar, an officer handed you a datapad, revealing that General Hux had unsurprisingly requested you in his office as soon as possible. You watched as Ren stalked off, hands in tights fists, out of the hangar, and wished for a second that you had as much power as he did. If you had his power, you wouldn’t have to deal with Hux, wouldn’t have to see his creepy stares or listen to him talk about military techniques during your meetings. You took a deep breath, patted the lightsaber on your belt to make sure it was still there, and continued through the hangar and to Hux’s office. You wanted to appear professional and on time, but you couldn’t help the nervousness that forced you to walk fast down the dimly-lit, pristine First Order hallways. When you reached Hux’s door, you allowed yourself a few moments of clarity to calm yourself down. You closed your eyes, called out to the Force, and realized how stupid you felt. Hux was just a man, a man who wasn’t even strong in the Force, and it was trivial to allow yourself to become intimidated by someone whose only weapons were words and demerits. Right? Walking into Hux’s office, you wished you’d been correct. You wished, over everything, that you could’ve stayed confident. But the air inside his office was permeated through the Force with pure, cold hate that it almost physically chilled you. “Take a seat,” He called from his desk, staring down at the small holomap in front of him. “Sir,” You mumbled, sitting down in the chair that was becoming all-too familiar. You glanced around the office, flanked on all sides by walls made of windows, allowing you perfect sight out across the snowy planet. Shelves lined the walls behind you near the door, full of awards and trophies. There were even a few physical books-something you had not seen in years. “How was your…vacation?” Hux’s icy eyes moved up from the datapad to meet yours, and a smile slowly crept across his lips. You maintained composure despite the conditions in his room, and replied, “It was fine. Thanks for asking.” You were always surprised how in every meeting with Hux he was able to reduce you, a sarcastic and logical scoundrel, into a shy, fumbling employee. “Do you sense it, then?” Hux said, as if reading your mind, “I’m also well-aware in how the Force works, Jedi.” So he was doing it on purpose- making the room feel like a prison cell for Force-Users. For a moment, you were impressed. You had never met someone who had obviously had much training in hindering the Force’s affect on Jedi. “Why did you call me here?” You asked, avoiding Hux’s question as you stared out one of the windows and into the snow. “I think you know why,” Hux snapped, causing you to turn your head towards him. You heard his chair creak as he stood, crossing the room to where you sat. You were vaguely reminded of the first time you were on Starkiller Base, when Ren had interrogated you. “You harmed one of my men, very badly in fact, and since Ren failed in disciplining you, Supreme Leader feels I should do it myself.” You glared up at him, refusing to give him the satisfaction of your nervousness. “Then discipline me.” One of his cold hands suddenly grabbed tight around your throat, and for a moment you were frozen in shock, your eyes wide and breath hitched in your throat. “You Jedi have always been a large blemish in history,” He growled from between gritted teeth as the grip on your throat tightened, “And soon you, just like the rest of them, will be gone.” The hand quickly vanished from your throat only to collide with a large crack! across your face. Your head had snapped to the side, your cheek beginning to tingle and burn as blood filled your mouth. You blinked a few times in surprise, staring outwardly again at the snow. “The Old Republic, the Empire…” Hux rubbed his hand and crossed the room to his desk, “And yet you still choose to defy the First Order. Have you learned nothing from history?” Blood was filling up your mouth now and you desperately needed to see a Medic for your jaw, but you refused to give him the satisfaction of showing your pain. Instead, you stood and spit blood out onto the floor of his office. “Haven’t you learned anything, General? I’m afraid you’re on the losing side.” You mustered up enough confidence to walk out of Hux’s office without a second look, but once outside in the hallway you broke into a run towards the medbay. You clutched the side of your face Hux had hit and ignored the blood falling freeling down your hand, trailing behind you, and the curious looks cast your way. When you finally reached the medbay you were relieved to see it was empty. Soon you were led to a doctor who gave you medicine for the pain, and cloth to put in your mouth to stop the bleeding. You were thankful they didn’t ask questions. Faint bruises were already starting to form on your throat as you rushed back to your quarters, stripped off your clothes and stood staring at yourself in the mirror in the refresher. It was so strange- years ago you would’ve cried, would have blamed yourself for something like this. But years as a smuggler and truly seeing how terrible the real world was had made you hard and uncaring. If not guilty, you were disappointed in yourself. You let the hot water of the shower drench your body, and watched the dried blood gather on the floor and down the drain. You should have killed Hux when you had the chance, or at least have taken your lightsaber out and cut off his hands. If you never felt your skin on yours again it would be too soon. After your shower, you lie in bed in your towel, staring up at the ceiling. What had you gotten yourself into? You had no friends here, the closest thing to an acquaintance you had was Ren, and he certainly wasn’t one for friends. And now your chances of finding a friend were slim now that you had Force-Choked one of the stormtroopers, albeit accidentally, but you imagined how bad you must look in their eyes. You moved to your side and stared out the window. It seemed so long ago that you had come here for the first time, excited about the opportunity to find Ben, but you had not even gotten close. The closest you had gotten to finding Ben, or any of the other Jedi, was the nostalgic feeling you got around Ren sometimes, but it would often disappear as soon as you had noticed it. “Ben?” The figure on the rock stiffened slightly at your voice, before his head moved slightly towards you. The sun in front of his figure was partly blocked by the profile of his long nose and strong jaw. Crossed arms in front of him hung from his shoulders like anchors as his dark hair caused waves along his neck. He hadn’t replied, but he didn’t need to. You stepped closer to where he stood at the edge of the rock formation, staring down at the sunset. He would often come here for solace, and you knew recently that nobody, not even his oldest friend, was welcome. The dark robes hung from his body just as the thoughts and stress that constantly plagued him hung in his mind. The Bond you shared with him had only continued to grow; yet recently he had been distancing himself from it. But sometimes, late at night when you knew he couldn’t sleep, you would get flashes through the Force of things. Images- Master Luke, darkness, grief…guilt… “Ben,” You whispered the name with much more urgency this time, calling him away from the cliff. Pale hands reflecting the warmth of the sun fell to his sides and clenched into fists, emitting their own coldness, “It’s time to go.” You heard him scoff into the cool sea air. On Ach-To it was always warm and humid, but the nights would cool down enough for you to train in combat only during sunset. You used to train with Ben here, where he stood across from you, in the small dirt clearing. That seemed like so long ago. “Doesn’t anyone understand that I don’t want to do this anymore?” The first words he spoke cut through the wet island air like a knife, and you felt them clench around your heart like a chokehold. He turned and walked down from the formation, towards you, and stopped. He stared down at you, the muscles in his jaw working and his nostrils flared in anger. The dark eyes that had for so long had become a safe haven for you to confide in were now filled with anger. “You should be happy,” You choked out. The Ceremony was to begin any moment, and you didn’t have time for this. But the tears you had been holding back were not from the whipping of the sea air, and they threatened to fall at any moment. “You’ve wanted this for so long.” His eyes narrowed for a second, before staring past you. “You could never understand.” Your own hands clenched into fists and a lump rose in your throat, “Then help me understand, Ben!" You watched him absentmindedly reach with a hand and pull at the Padawan braid that still hung in his hair. Then, as if ashamed of the action, he dropped his hand back down to his side and continued walking past you. Your body moved hastily as you turned around, staring at his back. The dark robe he wore was a deep orange now, and his body was covered in shadows. Soon the sun would set. “Do you no longer desire to be a Jedi Knight?” You whispered, loud enough for him to hear, but silent enough to be masked by the wind. The words hung in the air after you had said them, and they replayed over and over again in your mind as you willed him silently to reply. He turned fully this time, staring at you through the dark locks of his hair. You watched the braid rise and fall with the wind, until your eyes moved slowly up to meet his own. “You stay,” He sighed with a small smile, before turning and walking back down the stone steps. Bright light poured through the windows and into your room. You didn’t want to dream of Ben. You weren’t ready for the guilt you felt towards him to come pouring out once again. You would not let it happen. “Give me strength, Master,” You sighed, your eyes still closed as you lay in bed. It had been years since you had tried to contact your old Master. Would he be listening? “I don’t know what to do. I feel so guilty about what I did to that man. I let my anger and my hate come over me, and I know it’s not the Jedi Way…but I don’t know how to control the Dark Side anymore.” Suddenly the stress you had been holding onto since arriving on Starkiller Base came pouring out in the form of tears, and you let them come. “You would always be there for me when I needed support, but you’re gone…and Ben is gone,” You choked out, wiping the tears from your sore face. Feeling your swollen face and the pain that came with it only made you cry harder, “I’m not as strong as you were, Master. Please give me the strength to find the Light again. I’m so sorry.” You continued to sob in silence, stopping for a while to replace the bloodied cloths in your mouth with new ones. You stared at yourself in the mirror of the refresher for a second, catching a glimpse of your swollen face, red eyes, and bruised neck, before returning to sit on your bed. “I’ve failed you, Master Kenobi,” You moaned, staring down at your hands. There was no reply, and that had hurt the most. Notes: aaahhhh!!!!! this chapter was literally full of sadness and im so sorry lmao but the idea of adding an obi-wan force ghost that reader has not only talked to in the past during training, but still talks to in the future was an idea ive been holding onto forever. i really like the idea of her call to the dark and asking obi-wan for guidance mirroring ren's call to the light, etc. not really much interaction between reader and ren in this chapter but we get a lot more ben backstory which is always fun to write. also i really wanted to write a complex, tarkin-like hux who not only believes in the force but has had his own training to deal with force users since he has to work with them 24/7 lol thanks for the kudos and comments as always <3 Chapter 9 : Chapter 9 Summary: tw: sexual assault Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You could’ve hidden behind the high-collared First Order uniform, or had a thick robe to wear around your shoulders sent to your quarters via a laundry droid. You could have probably specially ordered cosmetics that would fade the bruises on your neck. You could’ve done all of those things. But you had been trained as a Jedi, and Jedi did not run, they did not hide when they failed. Only Sith cowered when they failed, but Jedi learned from the failure. They owned it, welcomed it. The grip on your lightsaber was tight as you stalked through the First Order hallways. The dark clothes you wore everyday allowed you to blend into the shadows, and that was how you liked it. Officers turned your way; stormtroopers would stop to comment with their friends. Good, you thought, let them talk. Let them realize how much of a threat you really were. Ren was silent as you took the seat next to him, and you were thankful he said nothing about the dark bruises on your neck. You typed in coordinates, and set the course for the next planet. This mission was a long one, and you no doubt knew that Hux had sent you on a weeklong mission just to get you away from him. Good. “I would much rather spend a week on the Outer Rim with you than with Hux, that’s for sure,” You mumbled, though more to yourself, you didn’t mind if Ren had heard. Ren definitely wasn’t one of your most favorite people, but at least he was quiet. “I could’ve done this myself,” He replied from the seat next to yours, the arrogance you had gotten so used to hearing now practically oozing from his voice. You scoffed. “Look, I know being a big military guy, a Dark Jedi, whatever, you probably haven’t had much experience on a big raid like this…so you can take the backseat on this mission, okay?” It was his turn to scoff, though it sounded more like a burst of static. “I could have, and would have done this myself, in half the amount of time it will take the two of us to complete it.” “Well, then I guess you can be the muscle then,” You looked over to him, surprised to find him already staring at you through the mask. You were always caught off guard by the intensity of his gaze, but never allowed yourself to show it physically. A trait of a great scoundrel was to always have a sabacc face. “Your arrogance betrays you,” He shot back from behind the mask, “You’re nervous. I can feel it.” “I thought we agreed we wouldn’t be looking into each other’s minds anymore,” You growled, crossing your arms in front of you. “I don’t need to enter your mind to sense how you feel,” He said with annoyance. You shook your head, ending the conversation. The movement made your throat hurt, and you absentmindedly rubbed the bruises in a feeble attempt to heal them, while staring out at the blue tunnel of hyperspace. You remembered that night before leaving Dantooine, the only time you had ever had bruises similar to these ones. Every time that you looked into a mirror or saw yourself in a reflection, you were brought back to that memory. And now if you didn’t tell Ren about it, he would be able to sense your uneasiness and most likely try to enter your mind while you were vulnerable, most likely asleep, and dig out the information himself. That wasn’t the way you wanted him to find out. You glanced sideways at his figure next to yours. He was difficult to read, and hid his feelings well, so you never knew where you stood with him. Though he always seemed annoyed or angry with you, his presence in the Force was slim to none. But you trusted him, and trusted him with any of your personal stories regardless of how he felt about you. “The night before I left Dantooine, I went to a cantina,” You sighed. The memory of the night came rushing back immediately, and immediately left a harsh taste in your mouth, “I had never gotten drunk before, and had never even tried alcohol. I was a Jedi…I hated Dantooine, and was excited to get off the planet.” “But I couldn’t handle my alcohol, obviously. The guy next to me had been flirting with me all night, touching my leg, buying me drinks…and I thought ‘hey, why not’ you know? I had never had any experience in anything before…So I stood up and I remember him helping me out of the cantina and to where he was staying, and we got into his room, and it was just he and I. I felt great. Drunk, but great. I was getting all of this attention I had never gotten at the Academy, I couldn’t believe a guy had noticed me…” The small smile you had been holding onto had faded now, and a look of bewilderment passed over your face like a mask. You stared down at the controls with furrowed eyebrows, shaking your head slowly. You had refused to think about this moment for a reason. “And so we started kissing and I was still wearing my Jedi robes, I was such an idiot…he took my robes off and I remember him commenting on my lightsaber, but I was so drunk I didn’t even register what he said. Eventually I realized I was completely naked, and nobody had ever seen me like that before. I felt his rough skin on my body, his breath on my neck, he had opened a window and the breeze was making me cold, and my head was swimming.” Your breath hitched in your throat and you allowed yourself a moment to gather your thoughts before continuing. “I tried to push him away, tell him no, but I was still so drunk and so weak. He pushed me down into his bed and all I could do was stare up at him. My vision was so foggy and I had such a headache and I was so worried about throwing up…now I wish I had thrown up. I kept saying ‘no, no I don’t want to do this anymore’ until I was screaming and he put a hand over my mouth to silence me. He was being so rough and I hurt everywhere… and then I realized that he wasn’t flirting with me, he had this planned all along. He knew how naïve I had been from the moment he saw I was a Jedi.” “I got so angry, and I threw him off of me, and he hit the wall from across the bed and I heard his bones snap, but it didn’t stop me. In fact, it fueled me. I liked it. And I reached for my lightsaber and ignited it and without even a second thought I plunged it straight through his chest. And then I left.” The cockpit had fallen quiet, the only sound emitting from the hum of the engines. You stared down at the dashboard, reliving the night again in your mind. “The next morning I had bruises from him all over me, and I couldn’t even touch my lightsaber anymore. I tried to contact my Master, but he was gone, too. And the worst part was that I felt him there that night, urging me to stop, to find peace…and I had ignored him. And now he was gone.” “When I left Dantooine I destroyed my lightsaber immediately, and went to find another one. It took me months to find the parts to build my new lightsaber, but once I had a new one, I knew that was the end for me. The end of being a Jedi. I had ignored my teachings, let the Dark Side control me, and ignored my Master when he pleaded for me to stop. I was no Jedi. I had no right to hold the title of Jedi Knight anymore.” You looked sideways at Ren, who had not stirred since you had begun talking. A small smile grew on your lips. “Yeah. I was a Jedi Knight. I left about a month after the Ceremony. My best friend…he had become a Knight too, a couple years prior. He was a few years older than I was. But then after the Ceremony he left about a week later. I told myself I would be strong for Master Luke, for all the younglings…but I could only last a couple more years, training to become a Master, before I felt the guilt of not going to find my best friend. So I left.” Waves of emotion rushed over you then, and you thought of Ben, and how angry he had been the last few years he was at the Academy. You should’ve known, should’ve seen the signs when they were so apparent, but you were so blinded by your own ambition and your love for him. It was so clear to you now, how Ben had been so disenchanted by the Jedi for years, and how you could’ve helped him. “I don’t know why I’m telling you all of this,” You half-chuckled, “I haven’t had somebody to talk to in years, haven’t had a-“ “I’m not your friend.” You stared over at Ren in the seat next to you, eyes narrowed, “I just thought it would be better if we knew more about each other.” “I’m not your friend,” Ren repeated, his head turning towards you, “Nor do I have any intentions of being your friend. If you need someone to listen to you talk, perhaps you should consult General Hux.” He stood then, and you stared daggers up at him as you watched him leave the cockpit. The woosh of the automatic door behind you alerted you to his exit, though you still felt his anger present in the ship. The last thing you needed now was to worry about Ren’s emotions, when you needed to worry about your own. You landed on Felucia after clearing your ship with a First Order garrison patrolling the landing pad. Both you and Ren exited the ship onto the humid planet, and you walked beside an officer to the briefing room. “Resistance forces have been spotted south of here, they seem to be using the trading route to gather food and other supplies,” He said in a thick accent, “Your job is to intercept the Resistance ships and take control of their goods. You will be supplied with uniforms so that neither of you are recognizable should you be caught. Is that clear?” You stared down at the holomap in front of you, detailing the jungles that surrounded your ship. You’d had little to no experience in humid, rainforest environments, and desperately needed all of the information you could get on how to traverse through Felucia. “Understood,” You replied, glancing up then from Ren to the officer, “But why do we need to stay here for so long?” The officer grew visibly uncomfortable, clenching and unclenching his fists and staring up at the ceiling, “There have been, er…complications that stormtroopers alone cannot seem to control. You’re here not only to take back our goods when possible, but also to…monitor the situation.” You rose an eyebrow in disbelief, “We’re here because we have lightsabers and the Resistance doesn’t.” The officer rubbed the nape of his neck nervously, “Not exactly-“ Ren stormed out of the briefing room then, and you both watched him go, listening to the large durasteel door close behind him. You turned back to the officer who by now was sweating profusely and had gone three shades paler. “We’ll do it,” You reassured him, “But for twice the amount you promised us.” “You’ll need to talk to General Hux-“ Your eyes glossed over then slightly as you called out to the Force, waving your hand ever so slightly under the table, “We’ll do it, but for twice the amount you promised us.” The officer’s own eyes glazed over then, his back straightening and head nodding automatically, “You’ll get twice the amount we promised you.” “You’re dismissed.” You said lazily, with another flick of your wrist. “I’m dismissed,” The officer repeated, leaving the briefing room through the same door Ren had exited from. You sighed in relief and took a seat on the chair near you, staring up at the holomap of Felucia. Your hands came to your temples, rubbing away the inevitable headache that would come soon enough. You weren’t one for military strategy; though going through briefs with a military officer reminded you greatly of the missions you used to go on with Master Orrdio. You left the briefing room to find Ren looming outside the building, staring outward towards the jungle. “It was foolish of you to take the lead,” He greeted you, arms crossed and hands clenched into fists, “You have no experience.” “Neither do you,” You rounded on him, placing yourself between him and the jungle, “You may have more combat experience, but we’re in this together. One of us needs to keep it together when the other goes to pout .” He stared down at you through the mask but you held your ground, “You do things more differently than I do, that’s fine. But we need to be a team.” Though he didn’t respond to your statement and left you standing alone by the briefing building as he stalked back to the ship, you knew at least you had gotten your point across. The first few days of the mission were painfully boring. Every morning you and Ren would take a transport to where the ships had been sighted, and would stay hidden in the jungle, waiting for any sign of the Resistance. Then, you would meet with the officer again that night to brief him on the day, and only then would you be able to go back to the ship to sleep. You didn’t mind not seeing any action, and would spend the days meditating in the jungle. Though the bugs and constant dampness had bothered you at first, by the third day into the week you found yourself actually growing to like the planet. But Ren wouldn’t, and couldn’t, stand still. He would often pace around where you sat meditating, or leave the site completely, though you didn’t ask what he went to do. Sometimes in the silence you would hear the cracklehiss! of his lightsaber ignition off in the distance somewhere. Until on the fourth day, when you were sitting on the damp ground, the hood of your cloak over your head to block any light as you meditated. You had been trying ever since that day in Hux’s office to reach Master Kenobi again, but to no avail. You knew that you should just give up, just as he had given up on you, but you couldn’t let go of your old Master that easily. You were jolted from your meditation when you heard the too familiar crackling of Ren’s unstable lightsaber. You breathed an exhausted sigh, and lowered your hood and opened your eyes to find him standing near you, lightsaber ignited in his hand. The mask still covered his face, but he wore camouflaged clothes suited for the humidity: neutral pants, boots, a cape, and a dark armored vest over a brown long-sleeve. “What’s going on?” You stood up frantically, grabbing hold of your own lightsaber. Had the Resistance finally shown? You couldn’t remember hearing any ships fly overhead, though you had been deep in meditation. Ren only nodded to your lightsaber, and shifted the grip on his. You stood staring with a confused expression, before something in your mind finally clicked. “You actually want to duel? Right now?” You couldn’t suppress the grin on your face, either from excitement or nervousness you weren’t sure. “You’re overpowered,” Ren’s answer came, “Though perhaps you may prove a worthwhile opponent.” You took the lightsaber in both hands then, rolling your eyes at his reply, “Fine. Lets duel.” He lunged at you first, swinging the lightsaber with wide, one-handed attacks that you blocked every time. You had never fought against someone with such an unstable blade, and were surprised at the extreme power you faced when his lightsaber collided with yours. Sparks flew in every direction, the crimson blade threatening to implode at any second. You stayed on the defensive, how Master Luke had taught you, throwing blow after blow towards Ren- though he blocked every one. Ren’s style of fighting seemed like a mix of a few different forms, causing the battle to be unpredictable. He kept you on your feet with surprising bursts of energy or embellishments through which he used as distractions. You didn’t know how long you were dueling for before you felt yourself grow tired. Your robe lay discarded on the ground nearby and sweat was beginning to stain your dark clothes, but Ren seemed unshaken. In fact, it seemed the more tired he became, the more frantic and powerful his blows to you developed. He swung the lightsaber around, causing it to come crashing down on yours as you held it above your face, before breaking off the connection and backing a few steps away. He spun then, bringing the blade up to meet yours above your head, then twisting both blades, knocking the hilt out of your hand, and onto the ground where it lay deactivated. You made a reach for it, before he held out a gloved hand, stopping you in your motion. You wanted to yield, to call out surrender, but the Force was extended to every part of your body. You watched helplessly and he strode toward you, before turning quickly in the other direction. “Do you sense it?” He whispered, and your body returned to normal. You scrambled for your lightsaber, because you sensed it too: approaching ships. “Follow me,” You said, igniting the lightsaber and beginning to trudge through the jungle towards the ships. You listened to Ren’s movement behind you, as well as the low vibration of his lightsaber. You came upon a grassy clearing in the middle of the jungle, where pilots in orange uniforms and others were beginning to load supplies near the makeshift landing pad. You turned to where Ren stood behind you, motioning for him to get down. He crouched behind you, lightsaber still in hand. “We need to wait until the ship lands,” You whispered, “I can direct some of the cargo over here but-“ You stood suddenly, eyes wide in terror as the unmistakable sound of blaster fire filled the air. Those on the ground near the landing pad had begun running, some staring up at the sky. You followed their gaze and saw both X-Wings and TIE Fighters engaged in a dogfight overhead. You swallowed hard. “It was a trap. We need to get out of here.” Ren turned back towards the way he came, and you followed close behind. The sun was beginning to set already, casting the last shadows on the planet before you would be drenched in darkness and unable to find your way back to the ship. Adrenaline pushed you forward and explosions and blaster fire echoed through the jungle around you. You could feel the tension and strife of the pilots and ground troops through the Force, causing nervousness and anxiety to flood through your mind. What had happened? Ren finally slowed down, holding out an arm to stop you behind him. By then the jungle was completely saturated in darkness. You followed behind Ren as he moved forward slowly, one hand holding his lightsaber and the other pushing through the brush. Suddenly he came to a halt, and you beside him. The First Order camp was destroyed. Clouds of smoke rose from the buildings, and bodies lay strewn about the ground. You barely had a second to take in the scene before you felt Ren’s hand on your shoulder, freezing your body. “Drop your weapons,” A voice rang out through the darkness and silence. You felt Ren next to you deactivate his lightsaber, reach upward with two hands, and then drop an object- heavy, metal- onto the ground next to you. When the Force left your body and you followed behind the Resistance fighter, you tried to steal a glance up at Ren. But the hood of his cloak was still around his head, and you couldn’t make out any of his features. Adrenaline anew, and not fueled by fear this time, rose up in your chest. Notes: tags have been updated for this chapter. we dug a little deeper into reader's past in this chapter, and we're starting to learn more of her power. the resistance arc that started at the end of this chapter and continues in the next few chapters are really fun. forgive me, whats happening in the us right now has me disappointed, gutted, and feeling completely broken. but i wanted to update in hopes that it would help to take somebody's mind off the huge mindfuck that has been this election i love you all. thank you so much for all of your kind words and kudos. if you live in the us, please try to have a good day. <3 Chapter 10 : Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You awoke with a start in a dimly lit room, lifting your groggy head side to side. Your body lay on an upright table not unlike the ones used by the First Order for interrogation. The only differences were more organic metals and leathers wrapped around your wrists and ankles. The air smelled heavily of dirt, and you realized right away you were underground. Explosions sounded from above your head, causing dust and dirt to fall from the ceiling. You blinked your eyes a few times more, adjusting to the darkness of the room, and the heavy tranquilizer in your body. You moved your head as best you could to your left, and saw a figure next to yours in a similar position. His body was drenched in shadow, though you could feel Ren through the Force. Luckily for whoever would interrogate you both, he was still knocked out. The durasteel door, rusting and covered in moss, opened then to reveal a Resistance officer holding a datapad. You watched as he entered the shadows, pulling a chair from a corner of the room you couldn’t see. But something bright and metal dangled off of his belt: your lightsaber, as well as Ren’s. Just the sight of it gave you hope. “What were you doing on Felucia?” He said from where he sat down in front of you, datapad glowing blue on his face. You listened nervously as Ren began to stir next to you. Hopefully, without the mask, he wouldn’t be recognized. You were banking on him not being recognized. “We were-“ You stopped for a second, turning towards Ren who, even in the shadows, you saw move his cloaked head towards you “We were defecting from the First Order.” The man’s eyebrows jumped up and he furiously typed notes onto his datapad, “Well, that is an unexpected development.” You sighed in relief. If the Resistance believed that you truly were with the First Order, perhaps they would contact Starkiller Base and try to get a transport here to take you back for a bounty. “But…” The man looked up towards you again, cocking his head to the side, “That wouldn’t explain the lightsabers.” Damn. “My friend stole them. He broke into the weaponry on base and stole them.” The officer’s eyebrows knit together in confusion, and he unlatched Ren’s lightsaber from around his belt, “But I’m to assume that this is Kylo Ren’s lightsaber. How would your friend here get his hands on this?” You glanced again towards Ren, who was staring at the man. You watched his hands clench into fists and hoped that he would remain calm for a few more moments. “Kylo Ren…sent it to be repaired,” You said confidently, “It was nearly destroyed in his last battle.” The officer made a humming noise as he set the lightsaber on the ground and made a few more notes in his datapad. You took the time to look over to Ren’s cloaked figure, shaking your head wildly at him, and mouthing the words, “I have it under control!” He scoffed silently, returning his gaze forward. “I don’t believe you,” The man said, lifting his head up to meet your gaze, “In fact, I believe we have the honor of having both Kylo Ren and a Jedi on base. General Organa will want to hear about this immediately.” You swallowed hard. “You don’t need to contact General Organa." The man stood from his chair now, scoffing, “What are you-“ Here goes nothing. With a small wave of your hand, you stated, “ You don’t need to contact General Organa.” It was the longest ten seconds of your life. You needed this to work. If the man left with your lightsabers, your only chances of escaping would be down the drain. But the officer’s back straightened, and he looked towards you, saying, “I don’t need to contact General Organa.” You extended your hands, breaking both lightsabers from where they hung on the officer’s belt, and catching both. You ignited your own, and slashed yourself free with two quick motions. You latched Ren’s lightsaber onto your holster, and turned to the officer for the last time, “You will leave here and tell your superior you let both of the prisoners escape, and leave this room with the door open.” “I will leave here and tell my superior I let both of the prisoners escape, and leave this room with the door open,” He replied automatically, pressing his palm against the scanner beside the door, and exiting the room. You breathed a large sigh of relief, and ignited your lightsaber before crouching down in front of Ren, releasing him from his shackles and handing him his lightsaber. “Not so bad for someone with no combat experience, eh?” You smirked up at him, but he only rubbed his wrists and stepped out of the room. Getting out of the Resistance base was much easier with another Force User. Both of you relied on the Force to guide you to the nearest exit, taking out any guards or officers in your way. “We need to get back to the ship,” You called, evading blasterfire from turrets surrounding the perimeter as you ran out into the darkness, “Even if we stole a Resistance ship, these turrets and about twenty other X-Wings will take it down in less than a minute.” You knew Ren didn’t want to admit you were right, so he only followed behind you, lightsaber activated as you both ran through the jungle. “I was here earlier in the week,” You called back to him, “I had to know where the Resistance base was just in case we got captured. The ship isn’t too far from here.” Eventually you emerged from the jungle once again, to find yourselves back at the First Order base. You knew the Resistance would have already sent scouts out after you, so you only had a few seconds to leave. “We need to get out of here fast but we can’t go back to the Base,” You said, frantically hitting buttons on the dashboard, “They’ll be expecting us to go there. We need to lay low for a few days, throw them off the scent.” Ren took the seat quickly next to yours, and immediately began punching in coordinates. You didn’t have time to ask where he was taking you before the sound of X-Wings filled the air. “I’ll man the guns, just get us out of here!” You called, jumping from your seat and rushing out of the cockpit and taking gunner position. Your hands shook as you slipped the headset on and took the controls. You felt the ship lurch and the ground begin to move away from you. X-Wings began to fill your vision, and you gripped the controls with sweaty hands, firing plasma at the ships. You had not fired turrets in years, and expected yourself to be quite rusty even with the Force on your side. Soon Ren began making the climb out of the planet’s atmosphere and into the darkness of space. “Don’t jump yet!” You shouted up to him, “We need to take them out first or else they’ll just follow us!” You focused on the controls then, guiding the tiny pixelated version of a ship into the targeting system before firing and taking out the first X-Wing. You allowed yourself to sigh a breath of relief as you stared at the explosion. You continued to do this dance for you don’t know how long- Ren evading the X-Wings and you shooting until there were none left. Once the last one was finally gone, you relaxed in your seat with your eyes closed, and felt the ship jump into lightspeed. Sweaty and nerves on edge, you took the ladder up from gunner position to find Ren already waiting for you out in the hallway. With the hood still covering his face, you couldn’t tell what his expression was. You rubbed your arms subconsciously, waiting in uncomfortable silence for him to scold you. “That was extremely foolish of you,” He finally spoke. You swallowed hard at the sound of his voice- his real voice. Deep and gentle- what had you expected? And there was something familiar about it. Waves of nostalgia rushed back but you shook them away. “I had a plan,” You finally argued back, “You just need to trust me more. Where are we even going?” “Tatooine,” He said offhandedly, “You almost got us killed.” “But I didn’t,” You grinned up at him, “You don’t have to thank me.” “I wasn’t going to,” He replied through gritted teeth, and you could sense his growing annoyance. “I think we make a pretty good team,” You said in an attempt to calm him down, “Tatooine will just be…a kind of vacation for all of our hard work.” Ren scoffed. “With you, hardly.” Then he stalked back through the small hallway and undoubtedly to his quarters. It was nighttime when you landed in Anchorhead, and luckily you used your First Order credentials to secure a safe landing spot for the next couple days. After you landed, you finally convinced Ren to go to the cantina with you. You had never drunk nearly as much as that night in Dantooine and cantinas still conjured up feelings of dread, but you needed a drink. Bad. The cantina was busy, as expected, and you took a seat at the bar while Ren preferred to walk around the cantina, most likely checking for any threats. You let him go. With the Force, you were never alone. You ordered yourself a drink and sipped it as you looked around the cantina. It had been years since you had been on Tatooine, yet you had never had time to stop in for a drink. Han Solo had told you about this cantina of course, of how this was the place he had met Masters Kenobi and Luke. You smiled at the thought. A man took the seat next to yours, and glanced quickly towards you with a smile before ordering himself a drink. You only got a quick look before you turned away- chestnut hair, dark eyes, an armored vest and boots, a holster carrying two blasters. A scoundrel. “What brings you here?” You turned at the sound of the voice, and looked over at the man again. He held his drink in one hand covered in leather fingerless gloves. One strand of his hair threatened to fall into his eyes. You’d met his type thousands of times before. “Business or pleasure?” He spoke again, a small smile playing on his lips, revealing straight, white teeth. “Pleasure,” You offered him your own smile, taking a sip of your own drink. He watched as you did so, before taking a drink of his own. “Do you play sabacc?” He offered, to which you shook your head. He seemed a bit crestfallen at the reply, but shrugged his broad shoulders, “You’re not the first.” “What can you tell me about the Resistance’s presence on this planet?” If you were going to make friends with this man, the least you could do was get information from him. “Slim to none,” He replied with another wide shrug, “Though its not safe to talk about politics anywhere here, really. Just keep to yourself. How long are you here for?” “Just a couple of days,” You said, “My partner and I needed a break. We’re smugglers, too.” The man laughed, flashing more of his bright teeth, “How did you know?” “I’ve been in this business awhile,” You smiled at him, “I could tell.” The both of you drank your drinks silently for a moment after that. Though you were wary of the man, you could sense no danger surrounding him in the Force. Either he truly was friendly and aloof, or he was good at hiding his true intentions. “What’s your name?” You glanced up at him from your drink, before offering a fake name you used to go by for years as a smuggler. He nodded, “I can show you around if you want, I’m Byrric.” He extended a gloved hand, which you shook. “Thank you, but no,” You set your drink down on the bar in front of you, and moved the other hand to your hip, showing him your lightsaber, “I really need to be getting back to my partner.” Byrric saw your lightsaber and almost choked on his drink before setting his down on the bar next to yours. He leaned in forward, looking around before whispering, “A Jedi?” You immediately regretted the decision, and took your drink in your hand once again, downing it with one last gulp. You placed a few credits on the bar next to your empty glass and got up to leave. You felt Byrric’s gloved hand close around your arm, and you turned quickly, your hand on your lightsaber. “I didn’t mean any disrespect,” He said, his dark eyes pleading, “Please, I’ll buy the next drink.” You tried to wrench your arm free from his grasp, but his hold on your wrist only got tighter. You could sense no danger from him, only loneliness now. He wanted friends, someone to talk to or play sabacc with, and for a second you felt guilty about your decision to leave. But then you remembered how surprised he had been to find out you were a Jedi- you didn’t want to go down that road again. “Please,” He was still pleading with you, though he wouldn’t let go of your arm. The cantina was busy enough for nobody to take an interest in the scene, but you didn’t want to ignite the lightsaber, not yet. Not unless things got violent. “I told you, I have to go find my partner,” You growled, still attempting to wrench your arm free. But he was stronger than he looked, and his leather gloves gave a good grip against your skin. The time for empathy passed when you saw him draw his blaster. In a split second your lightsaber was ignited with your free hand, your eyes staring holes into his skull. “Put the blaster down, smuggler,” You growled, still aware of his tight grip on your arm. By now, the cantina had grown quiet, but you only stared hard at the scoundrel. The arm holding his blaster shook, but his eyes were cold and he now wore a smirk as he spoke, “The Resistance will be interested to hear of a Jedi on Tatooine.” Your heart sank to your chest, and you choked on the oxygen in your lungs. Your mouth dry, you could only continue pointing your lightsaber at the man, hoping it would be enough to threaten him. “Liar,” You finally growled, your voice cracking with nervousness, “You don’t work for the Resistance.” “No,” He frowned slightly, shrugging his shoulders, and then waved his blaster towards you, “But the Resistance will pay a hefty sum for you and your f-“ The last word of his sentence became a strangling grasp, and the blaster dropped from his hand. The other hand that was still tight around your wrist grew limp, and you stepped away as you watched him grab at his own throat, his feet lifting off the ground. You turned away from his strangled grasps, searching frantically for Ren amongst the patrons in the shadows now staring with wide eyes at the scene. Finally you found him standing near the doorway, covered completely in shadow, his arm extended lazily in your direction. You turned again to the scoundrel in front of you, the color in his face turning quickly from a bright red to purple, and his eyes beginning now to bulge out of their sockets. Strangely, you didn’t feel any remorse for the man. You only bent down to pick up his blaster and latch it onto your holster. You then continued to stare at the man for a moment longer, his hands scratching at the invisible force around his neck, now creating deep gashes along his throat. His strangled gasps accompanied by his wild eyes and kicking legs immediately stopped, and he crumpled down onto the floor. The cantina was quiet a moment longer, some of the patrons staring at you, others at the man. But none of them stared at Ren. In fact, none of them had even noticed him. “Jedi business, go on with your day,” You lied idly, waving your hand slightly and releasing a sense of calm through the Force. Almost immediately after, the cantina had returned to its normal hustle and bustle. You deactivated the lightsaber then and began to push through the crowds of the cantina and finally out into the darkness. Ren was already waiting for you outside the cantina, arms crossed. “Hey,” You growled at him, and he began the walk back to the ship, completely ignoring you. “Hey!” Finally he turned around, arms now at his sides but hands still in fists. “What the hell was that?” You shouted, extending an arm back the way you came, “You didn’t have to kill that man!” “He was a threat,” Ren replied calmly, though you could sense his anger. Everything in Anchorhead was drenched in shadow, though you expected if it was daylight you could have seen Ren’s anger physically manifesting off of his body. “I didn’t sense anything,” You growled up at him, dropping your arm to your side, “He was a scoundrel, a smuggler. Like us.” “He was going to sell us to the Resistance,” Ren replied, “You didn’t sense anything because you’re a fool. Untrained and weak.” He turned quickly then, commencing his stride back to the ship. You continued to walk silently behind him until you were safely in the ship once again. You took off your shoes, turned them upside down and knocked the sand out of them and onto the ramp before heading back inside. “I was a Jedi Knight,” You threw your shoes angrily towards your quarters before meeting Ren once again in the cockpit, “I trained to be a Jedi Knight for twenty years. Don’t you dare tell me I’m untrained. You don’t know untrained. You don’t know weak .” “I sense your thoughts,” Ren retaliated, the anger of his voice now permeating through the air even more without the mask, “Every night you dream of an island, of your old Masters. That makes you weak.” “Missing my friends makes me weak?” You shouted at him, arms extended out in frustration, “Wanting to communicate with my Masters makes me weak? You’re the weak one, Ren. Killing anyone who frustrates you, throwing tantrums when you don’t get your way. That’s untrained. That’s weak.” An unintelligible growl then emerged from his hood, and he turned, his arm extended towards you. You felt the pressure on your neck then, but angry and unguided. You easily resisted, and watched his shaking arm drop again to his side. From under the hood you could hear his heavy, labored breathing. “That isn’t how you solve problems,” You murmured. You watched from the cockpit as he crossed in front of you and towards his quarters. Notes: ahhh!!! i really enjoyed writing this chapter, if you enjoyed it too i can promise there are many more like it to come. tensions are running high! writing the rapport between kylo ren & reader is one of my fav things ever. i dont think ill ever get tired of their constant bickering and not getting along. i promise there will eventually probably be some compromise and understanding between the two, but it'll come later. thanks for sticking around! <3 Chapter 11 : Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Sleep wouldn’t come. After tossing and turning for hours in your bunk, you exited your quarters and padded with bare feet into the cockpit. Your mind was wide-awake as you sat in the pilot’s seat, staring out of the windows. Though it had to be quite late, the bustling areas around the landing pad on Anchorhead were still busy as ever. For a while, you sat with your head rested on your chin, watching the activity outside the ship. A pair of Rodians repairing part of a ship came and went, an Ithorian passed by with a droid companion, everyone seemed to have somewhere to go, even at this hour. Your head moved from your hand and rested on the navigations now as you continued to stare out the window. Though sleep hung over your mind like a dark cloud, you found that even here, outside your quarters, you could not sleep. Your mind was a hub of activity, and you let the feeling of overwhelming nostalgia that often came finally wash over you. The sun beat down on your back as you sat on the ground. Ben stood nearby in a fighting stance, lightsaber activated, staring towards his opponent, an Ithorian Padawan. You never missed a practice; you learned so much from watching Ben fight. Many of the things you knew about lightsaber battles and using the Force had come straight from your best friend. The sun was high in the sky and you already knew you would return to bed that night with sunburn, but it was much too hot to drape your robe over your face. Small beads of sweat still continued to fall from your face, even though you had gotten done practicing almost an hour ago. When Ben had finished, he jogged over to where you sat watching. You stood and fell into step next to him, walking down the stone steps, past other Padawans practicing, older Knights meditating with younglings, and droids cleaning or doing repairs. “What now?” He asked you, his hands moving quick as he unwrapped the cloth around his palms, pocketing the fabric in his robes. “Do you want to eat?” Training always made you hungry, and that combined with sitting in the hot sun for an hour had worked up an appetite. But Ben frowned slightly, and shook his head, “Not hungry.” “We could swim,” You suggested. As a Padawan, it was not often that you got a break in your studies. So when you got the opportunity to do something other than meditate or read about ancient Jedi, you took it. You glanced over at Ben, who had gone silent, pondering the question. Finally, he nodded, with a small smile. Down the two of you continued to descend, until finally you reached a plateau that gave way to a small beach. Others were already swimming or lying on the sand. Both you and Ben took off your shoes and walked out onto the beach. The smell of the ocean filled your nostrils and you eagerly began stripping down to your undergarments. There was no embarrassment or judgment from students in the Academy- standing with your best friend in your undergarments was nothing different than standing fully cloaked in Jedi gear. But as you stood waiting for Ben to be ready, a feeling had come over you- one you had never felt before. Arms crossed in front of your chest in the stance of faux-annoyance you often gave Ben, you felt embarrassment cloud your mind as you watched him. You weren’t children anymore- Ben was only a few years away from being a Jedi Knight, yet somehow he looked different. He took off his pants first, grumbling silently about how fast he outgrew his clothes, and then lifted the robe over his head, revealing his broad chest and strong shoulders. You almost cursed yourself; wanting to look away to hide the blood you felt beginning to rush to your cheeks. What was this feeling? His hair fell messy in his face, and he ran a hand through it as he straightened himself up, looking curiously at you. “What’s wrong?” His voice was innocent and full of concern. You wanted to say there was nothing wrong, to smile and make a joke about his big ears like you always did. But the truth was, Ben’s ears were no longer big, his nose no longer too long for his face. The freckles you used to laugh at him for had formed into cleverly placed birthmarks, and his messy hair fell gentle and soft on his shoulders. A feeling like sickness washed over your body, and even with the sun beating down on your skin, you felt as if you had been drenched in ice-cold water. Suddenly you remembered your exposed skin and felt vulnerable, self-conscious of your body and Ben seeing you this way. Ben repeated his question again, stepping forward and placing a large hand on your shoulder like he always did. How you wished you could be as naïve as him- thinking you were sick or wounded from training. But his voice was slow and you weren’t even sure you understood what he was saying, and his touch felt warm but unwelcome against your skin. You wanted him to keep touching you, but the thought conjured up something wrong and guilty in your mind, causing your stomach to do flip-flops. “I have to go,” You bent and picked up your clothes, throwing them haphazardly on your body. Ben’s hand had slipped from your shoulder and he stood with his dark brows furrowed in confusion, his face full of disappointment. Okay,” He sounded deflated, and a frown crossed his face now, not from anger or annoyance, but of concern, “Let me know if you change your mind.” He sounded hopeful then, and his frown lifted into a reassuring smile. You could barely even look at him without feeling guilty, so you just slipped on your shoes and jogged back up the steps and to your room. There, you fell to your knees, head in your shaking hands. With all the thoughts running through your mind, you almost didn’t hear the voice. “Padawan,” It echoed, the voice gentle and familiar. You lifted your head slowly, gazing with relief at the Jedi, blue and translucent, sitting on the floor near you. “Master Kenobi,” You bowed your head quickly in reverence, before looking up to meet his gaze again, “I’m so glad to see you.” “And I you, Padawan,” Kenobi gave a smile, the wrinkles near his eyes pulling up in a gesture of kindness, “What is troubling you?” You struggled with your words at first; guilty of the feelings you had towards Ben. It was not the Jedi way to have attachments, and you didn’t want Master Kenobi to think any less of you. You wanted more than anything to be a Jedi, and couldn’t allow a small crush to be the thing that kept you from achieving your dream. But Master Kenobi had been there for you since the beginning of your training; it was impossible to lie to him. You told Master Kenobi about your feelings for Ben, the words tumbling out of your mouth at first, embarrassed and unguided. But as you spoke, you felt a sense of calm and reassurance beginning to take place in your mind; relief that you had told somebody. And you realized that these were feelings you had been having for Ben for years, you had only learned to repress and hide them from yourself. “I feel like I’ve failed,” You finished your story, staring up at Master Kenobi who had been silent and patient throughout, “I’ll never be a Jedi now.” Master Kenobi smiled, “You haven’t failed. It’s normal for young Jedi to feel this way. You must learn to cast these feelings away, to not act on them.” “Have you ever felt this way towards someone before?” Master Kenobi was silent, the smile on his face fading a bit. Then: “Yes. Once.” You tried to hide the surprise on your face. Master Kenobi was the last person you had imagined to have feelings for another person, and you weren’t expecting him to even answer your question. “What did you do?” “I distanced myself from her,” He murmured, his voice slow and solemn, “And that’s how I lost her. I could not be there for her.” “What happened?” You stared towards the Jedi, intensity and reverence in your gaze. “She perished,” He looked up at you with a sad smile, “And I thought I could not continue being a Jedi. I lost sight of who I was. It was only after talks with other Jedi Masters and meditation did I finally come to terms with her death.” He paused, and you didn’t say anything, allowing him to gather his thoughts. “We teach no attachmenst, Padawan, not because we do not love. Jedi do love; we value compassion for others over everything. But Jedi cannot have attachments because of what happened to me, what happened to others with attachments. You lose sight of what is important, some of us turn away from the Jedi Order, only to realize our mistakes too late.” “Valuing one person over the lives of others, or even yourself, will cloud your judgment. It may even lead to the Dark Side. As it did with my old apprentice.” “Darth Vader,” You sighed. Now it all made sense. You bowed your head once again towards the Jedi, “Thank you, Master.” “Good luck, Padawan,” Master Kenobi said, and then he was gone. A sharp metal sound alerted you to your senses, and you blinked your eyes open. Bright sunlight streamed in through the cockpit windows, illuminating the inside of the ship and everything around you. You had to squint through the sunlight to look out at the landing pad, already busy with activity. Feelings about Ben and Master Kenobi still lingered in your mind as you brought your head up from the dashboard and turned in your seat. Ren was busy moving boxes of cargo from the ramp and back into the cargo hold. “What are you doing?” No answer. Your voice was still sleepy so you cleared your throat and spoke up, “What time is it?” Still no answer came and Ren disappeared from the cockpit, guiding a levitating box from the ground. Again he returned, and it wasn’t until he finished moving the boxes from the ramp and into the cargo hold did he rest in the seat next to yours. “Thanks for waking me up,” You mumbled with sarcasm, though you weren’t quite sure Ren would catch it. “You slept out here,” He replied gruffly, still catching his breath, “Not my fault.” You lounged back in the seat, crossing your arms over your chest and spinning the chair from side to side. For a moment you studied the hooded man in front of you, his chest rising and falling, and hands in fists in his lap. Then, “So we got a new job, then?” “Yes,” Ren replied, his breathing finally returned to normal, “Nar Shaddaa.” “Nar Shaddaa?” You laughed bitterly, “Are you crazy? That is the last place two fugitives want to go. It will be crawling with bounty hunters working for the Resistance. We’ve probably already got bounties on our head. Gods, you’re going to get both of us killed.” You dropped your head in your hands in exasperation, shaking it slowly from side to side. “Maybe that’s the point,” You could hear Ren’s smile in his voice as he spoke, “Maybe I want to get rid of the extra…weight.” Your eyes peeked over your hands long enough to shoot daggers at him, “I was the one that got us out of Resistance hands. I was the one that scouted the base beforehand, had a plan.” Ren leaned forward in the seat, placing gloved hands on his knees, his hooded face close to yours, “You were also the one who got us in this situation in the first place,” The sneer in his voice was gone; he spoke so gentle, so calm that it sent shivers down your spine, “I suggest you follow my orders on this one.” More chills, this time not from fear. The feeling made you think of Ben, the dream you’d had about him, the feelings you’d had for him all rising to the surface once again. You swallowed, and it was your turn to lean forward in your chair. A small, almost unnoticeable jolt of anxiety flew through the Force. And this time, it wasn’t from you. The feeling of Ren’s anxiety surprised you, but strengthened your confidence. You would play along, for now. “Fine,” You smiled, “When do we leave?” The tension in the air was so thick you could cut it with a vibrosword. Your body was electric; busy with anxiety and confidence. “As soon as possible,” Ren replied, his voice like velvet. Like the rare velvet from Naboo you had smuggled off-planet years ago with strict orders to look, don’t touch. The electricity you felt, you realized, was not only from you. You could reach into the Force, practically reach out and touch it...and Ren was letting you. You cocked your head to the side, stared at your colleague with narrowed eyes, and said in a whisper: “What’s your game?” The electricity you felt through the air was stifling. Every breath of oxygen was warm, clogging up your lungs and making you gasp for the next breath. You told yourself five years ago you would never again wear your heart on your sleeve. You never blushed. Never showed your opponent your true feelings. But now, with Ren inches from your face and the hair on your neck standing up straight, you found it hard to stay true to that promise. A pressure on your neck, one you had become all-too familiar with. Anger, pure hate coursed through your veins, and your first instinct was to react in defense. But you found your body unable to move. You reached through the Force, to find solace, to call out to your lightsaber, but there was no peace, there was only anger. It was there, and you found yourself giving into the sensation. The pain emitting from the bruises on your neck broke through the stifling air, screaming out in pain, but you didn’t shy away from it like you had been taught. You let the feelings of pain and anger come, and they washed over you like water. Like you were seeing, truly seeing, for the first time. The anger at yourself for not being there when Ben needed you, and the guilt for not trying harder to find him plagued your mind. You thought of the look on Han Solo’s face when he told you to find his son, the disappointment in Leia’s sad smile when she first met you. You felt anger towards them, towards Master Luke. Where was everybody? Why were you alone in this search? Was your search for Ben in vain? You thought of Ben now, the way he had looked when he had disrobed that day on the beach, and how you had cursed yourself for looking at him in an inappropriate way. The passion you felt for your friend after that moment, the ever-present feeling of wanting to touch him, to taste him, had plagued on your mind for years after that, even after you had abandoned the Jedi. The stifling, warmness of the air was extremely present now. You saw red; from anger, from lust, from passion, from guilt. And it felt good. Feelings you had until now hidden deep down, had punished yourself for, you let them come. And when the pressure left your throat, your body released from the mystical bind, and Ren had stood and left the cockpit, you only continued sitting. Sweat from the sunlight, from the blush in your cheeks, from the vulnerability, now fell in beads on your forehead. Your breath came ragged, hard, and fast. You truly understood now what game Ren was playing. And you liked it. Notes: HELLO BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE! loooootttssss of sexual tension btwn reader & ren now!!! heheheehe........also more young!ben (hes so soft) as well as forceghost!obi wan!!!!! ahh!!!! let me know what you think! i'll have another update for you all wonderful people tomorrow :) Chapter 12 : Chapter 12 Notes: two chapters in two days??? who am i??? nsfw-ish ahead, you've been warned (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “The fall to the Dark Side is a fast one. The Sith will tell you that they are more powerful than the Jedi, that they hold more truth than the Jedi do. Know that these are lies. For there is a balance that exists in the Force, and that balance cannot exist without the existence of either the Sith or the Jedi. The path to becoming a Sith is one full of deceit, hatred, and loneliness. To become a Sith, you must lie to and kill your friends, so that you must truly be victorious. Is that a life worth living?” “We Jedi teach selflessness, protection, compassion, while the Sith teach their students hate, spite, and selfishness. They are an Order of conceit and lies. The path to becoming a Sith is short, and though they may seem more powerful than the Jedi, they lack the years of training and meditation that we Jedi do.” “So this is why you must resist the draw to the Dark Side, younglings. The life of a Sith is a life of loneliness and never being satiated. They will kill anyone who stands in the way of their ambitions…but they can be redeemed. It has happened many a time. You learned of the great Darth Revan, of Asajj Ventress and Quinlan Vos, and of Anakin Skywalker. Let these once great Jedi turned to the darkness be a lesson for you: No matter how far one strays from the Light, they can always return if only they trust in the Force.” You awoke with a start in the darkness of your bunk, Master Luke’s voice still ringing in your ears. Your neck was sorer than it had been in days, and your eyes stung even in the darkness. You lifted your body up on your arms, sitting with your head in your hands. You had tried all night, and you realized now in vain, to contact Master Kenobi. The feelings you’d had towards Kylo Ren, towards Ben, towards your old Masters and friends had scared you. You had allowed the anger to engulf you, had let yourself succumb to your emotions. You were weak, vulnerable, and at the hands of somebody you were supposed to be able to have control over. Yourself. You couldn’t control Ren’s weird Dark Side mumbo-jumbo, his angry outbursts, and his outright indifference towards the lives of others. But the one person you were supposed to be able to have total control over was yourself. Total loss of control was the reason you didn’t drink so much anymore, and it was one of your worst fears. But Master Kenobi hadn’t been there for you. Nobody had been there for you. And that had only made your anger grow worse. You tried to meditate, to find peace, to remember the Jedi Code, but your mind was so full of hate towards your Masters and towards yourself that you couldn’t concentrate. Eventually you had fallen asleep in your bunk. You knew that you needed to talk to Ren before you landed on Nar Shaddaa. You recalled the emotions he had made you feel the night before, the way he had spoken to you, and you didn’t even want to be in the same room as him. How much into your mind had he seen? You knew you couldn’t avoid him forever, but you bought yourself some alone time as you used the shower in the small refresher on board. A quick peek in the mirror afterwards revealed that although the bruises still hurt like new, they were finally beginning to fade. After rehearsing what you were going to say to him about a thousand times in the shower, you finally mustered up the courage, lightsaber on your hip, to exit your quarters and look for him in the cockpit. The durasteel door slid open to reveal the changing hues of blues of hyperspace reflecting through the cockpit. Soft hums and beeps from the computer terminals on the walls around you disclosed that everything was going smoothly. “Look, we need to talk about-“ You started forward in the blue darkness of the cockpit, stopping in your tracks. A figure sat in the co-pilot’s seat, monitoring the controls of the ship, but the figure’s hood was off. Through the darkness, you saw waves of dark hair fall to his shoulders, his shoulders moving quick to accompany the movement of his bare hands on the navigational system. The pale hands froze at the sound of your voice, disappeared, and reappeared as he pulled the dark hood over his head. A tense moment passed before you crossed the cockpit and sat gingerly down in the seat next to his, staring intently at the glowing buttons on the dashboard in front of you. “You should’ve knocked-“ “Knocked? Before entering the cockpit?” You laughed, and it was a relief to feel something other than anger and guilt, “You should’ve sensed me, ‘Master Dark-Jedi-of-the-Sith’ or whatever the frag you are.” Silence from Ren’s end, then: “My mind is currently preoccupied.” The lightheartedness disappeared then, and the feeling of dread fell over the cockpit once again. You stared forward again through the windows and into the tunnel of hyperspace. You wished you could throw yourself out the airlock, anything would've been easier than talking about the previous night. “Look,” You started with a deep breath, “About what happened last night. That was really…weird. And unlike me. And I’m not apologizing because you’re the asshole that choked me, but it was…I don’t know what to make of what you maybe saw in my head, or felt in the Force-“ “The Dark Side,” Ren interrupted from your left, causing you to turn and stare at him, “The Force is strong with you, however misguided it is. Your allegiance to the Light Side-“ “I don’t have an allegiance-“ “You do,” His voice raised to a command, “Whether you know it or not. The Force is lost on such fools as yourself who still believe in the Jedi-“ You stood from your chair, hands in fists as you stared down at his hooded head. Anger anew pumped through your veins and through the Force. Ren took his hands off of the dashboard and crossed them in front of his chest, staring up at you through the hood. “You call me a fool, call me weak, but who are you to talk? You hide behind masks and hooded cloaks because you can’t even show your face,” You growled at him, “If you’re so powerful, show me what you’re hiding.” “You’re not ready,” He said, and the tone of his voice caused you to narrow your eyes in confusion. His voice was soft, exposed almost. But the confidence and anger in his voice returned as he continued, “Your anger is a tool. Use it.” “No,” You shook your head wildly, “The Dark Side is for murderers, liars. Traitors.” “Don’t you want to find your friends?” You swallowed hard at his statement. Your legs turned to jelly and you immediately sat back down in your chair. Shaking your head more slowly this time, you stared with anger at the man in front of you. “Don’t you dare,” You said from behind gritted teeth, “Don’t you dare use my friends against me.” “I can show you how to use your anger, to channel it into something usable, malleable,” Ren continued, his voice challenging, “You need a teacher.” “A teacher?” Cold sweat gathered on your body. You pushed your hair off of your forehead, sweat gathering on your hand. The stifling feeling, the blush rising to your cheeks, it was happening again and you couldn’t control it. The Darkness had returned, causing you to think of your anger towards your mentors, and the guilt in yourself you held towards Ben. “I can show you the ways of the Force,” Ren replied, leaning forward once again with his hands on his knees. You stared down at his pale hands, large, calloused from battle, with long fingers. The robe he wore around his neck was the only one he seemed to own: a raw cut of textured black fabric that caught the light of the blue tunnel of hyperspace, with pieces of thread hanging off of it, and holes singed from fire. This was a man who had seen battle, who truly knew the Force and how to wield it. Someone who had embraced the passion and anger of the Dark Side, but also the centeredness of the Light. “How do I know you won’t deceive me?” You finally managed to ask in response. “How do I know you won’t?” It was a valid question. At any moment in the time you had been working side by side with Kylo Ren, you could’ve killed him, but you hadn’t. And now that idea of adopting him as a Master, truly learning the ways of the Dark Side and using them to find Ben and Master Luke, seemed...right. Just like how you had felt the night before when the Dark Side had taken over. It just felt right . “Show me your face,” You demanded. “You’re not ready,” Ren repeated almost at a whisper, but the vulnerability in his voice left as soon as it had appeared. “We land at Starkiller Base soon. Then we leave.” “Starkiller-? But I thought we were going to Nar Shaddaa?” You shouted as he got up and left the cockpit. It turned out that when Ren said you were to refuel and then leave, he meant refuel at Starkiller Base. And that also meant sending laundry droids off with your dirty clothes, and receiving a week’s worth of new ones. Luckily, you were able to stay on the ship, avoiding any Hux confrontations. When Ren arrived back on the ship, he was in his usual uniform, which included a new mask. Because, you didn’t know how you hadn’t thought of it before, of course he owned more than one mask. When he arrived on the ship once again in uniform and with the mask on, you were struck with two polarizing emotions. The first, the normal fear and anxiety his armor and voice distortion caused anybody in the vicinity; and the second, an unexpected disappointment when you realized you wouldn't catch another rare glimpse of the back of his head. Because, even though you didn’t want to admit it, seeing the back of his head, his actual head , had been all you could think about. The way the waves of his hair had fallen so effortlessly onto his shoulders, how messy yet endearing they had looked. You knew that part of yourself was attributing these emotions to the fact that Ben had the same kind of hair, but you still couldn’t stop yourself. Your mind had been so fucked with ever since you had joined the First Order; it was nice to have feelings other than anger, guilt, or sadness. Even if that meant having a crush on the back of your commanding officer’s head. Unfortunately, the flight to Nar Shaddaa was a long one. Although a trip to the Outer Rim always seemed to take forever, Nal Hutta was probably one of the farthest planets from Starkiller Base. And unfortunately, that meant a lot of alone time with Kylo Ren. At first, you tried to converse with him, small talk, maybe even a game of sabacc, but he ignored every request. Then you trained for awhile, even stopping to ask him to join. When he had declined your request, you decided to take a nap, to take your mind off of the stress you had been feeling, but sleep wouldn’t come. Your mind was much too awake, thinking about Ben, about Kylo Ren’s offer, and Kylo Ren himself. Although your moral compass and your twenty years of training as a Jedi had warned you against it, you couldn’t help but feel a growing attraction to him. Maybe it was how you always seemed to be attracted to scoundrels, or how dark, brooding, and mysterious he was; you couldn’t pinpoint it. Thoughts of Kylo Ren were the main reason you couldn’t sleep, but you couldn’t help yourself. For so long you had gone without feeling attraction towards anybody that now you savored the feeling. You welcomed the foreign vibration through your body that you felt whenever you imagined yourself finally being able to take off his mask, revealing just who lived underneath all of that black- A presence outside the door to your quarters made your eyes snap open. Immediately your heart stood still in your chest, all of the vibration in your nerves you had felt, down your legs, up your spine, and between your legs, had gone, replaced by fear. There was only one person on board who would be outside your door, and of course that person had to be Force-Sensitive and have the ability to read your thoughts. It was a like a game. You lie in bed; your eyes wide open in the darkness, expecting something to happen. You didn’t even want to breathe in order to alert him to the fact that you knew. Part of you, a large part, though you would never admit it to yourself, wanted him to just open the door and step into the room. Possibly that part of you was too large, because that was exactly what he did. The metal of the durasteel door opening and closing was all you could hear. Your breath was caught in your throat, not wanting to breathe and break the silence. You sat up in bed, staring out at the complete darkness, searching in vain for his figure. You couldn’t speak. Couldn’t breathe. A hand, warm, gloved, clutched suddenly around your throat, pushing your neck up. The bruises on your throat began screaming out in pain, but the vibration through your body had returned enough to silence them. Electricity ran down his hand and into your body, causing you to almost fall limp in his grasp. The other hand, also gloved, came up to the side of your jaw, pushing your lips open. A finger, then two, opened your mouth and pressed over your tongue. The sour taste of leather filled your mouth as you closed your lips around it. Fear froze the both of you for a moment. Silence, complete silence, before you moved your head backward, then forward, repeating the motion against the fingers in his mouth. No sound from either of you. As you sat in bed, moving your head back and forth, you thought vaguely to the ship. Who was piloting it? “Pay attention,” The voice commanded through the distortion of his mask, sending chills down your spine. The warmness you had felt earlier had returned between your legs, and it took everything in you to not moan out in pleasure. What was going on? A Force around your neck appeared once again. And this time, the pain from your bruises felt good . You again felt the urge to moan out at the sensation around your neck, but you were too embarrassed, so you stayed silent. This game went on until your mouth was sore, the whole time you resisted the urge to satisfy the feelings between your legs. As much as you wanted to, you couldn’t give into him that quickly. The fingers in your mouth were removed slowly, and the Force around your neck disappeared. The both of you were in complete silence for what felt like hours. Embarrassment immediately began to fill your mind, but you shoved it down. If he was taking this moment to read your mind, you couldn’t allow him to see anything but confidence. A few more seconds of silence, and then the sound of the door opening as light from the ship streamed in. You blinked away the light and stared at his figure as he stood in the doorway, like he was uncertain about what to do next. Then he closed the door with the Force, and was gone. You weren’t even aware of having fallen asleep until you awoke to banging on the door to your quarters. You sat up in bed, ready to face the day, before remembering in graphic detail what had happened the night before. You slumped back down in bed, jumping once again at the knocking on your door. You heard his footsteps walk away from your door; no doubt he had sensed you awaken. You groaned, rubbing your eyes with the palms of your hands, already feeling a headache threatening to break at any moment. Your stomach was also in tight knots that only got worse when you thought of Kylo Ren. Why was he making it so difficult to just be normal around him? Was this his way of breaking you down until you had nothing left except the will to succumb to the Dark Side? You stared in the darkness for a few moments longer, before feeling the slight lurch of the ship exiting hyperspace. You really didn’t want to confront Ren, but you had a job to do. You exited your quarters still in your basics, to find Kylo Ren guiding the ship over the vast expanses of cityscapes and chasms of the underworld that was Nar Shadaa. The atmosphere here was heavy with smog, and there was no natural land in sight. “I already hate it here and we haven’t even landed,” You moaned, taking the seat next to Ren’s and grabbing hold of the controls to help guide him to the landing pad. You hadn’t expected him to reply to your feeble attempt at a conversation, yet talking normally to the man made you feel a little better. Perhaps the night before had been a dream after all. When you finally landed on one of the landing pads, a precarious thing that jutted out over one of the vast manmade canyons, Ren stood and exited the cockpit. You were about to follow when he arrived again, throwing a change of clothes at you. “Put those on,” He commanded, arms crossed in front of his chest. You inspected the fabric he had given you, dark brown robes, a white tunic and leggings. You shook your head slowly, glancing up at Ren, and then back down to the clothing, your voice coming almost at a whisper, “These are Jedi robes. Where did you find these?” Ren didn’t answer, so you began the process of putting the clothing over your body. You hadn’t worn Jedi robes in years, and had forgotten the scratchy fabric, and the sense of pride that came with them. But there was still something hanging in the back of your mind as you tightened your boots around your feet. “Did you kill a Jedi for these?” The words came fast, the emotion in your voice tightening your throat, causing every word to shake. Immediately you began shrugging the robe off, and pulling the tunic over your head, but your body froze with the motion. “You think too much,” Came Ren’s voice, possibly the first time you’d ever heard him say something that wasn’t threatening or patronizing. Your arms, which had been frozen over your head, were released and you slowly put the tunic back on. Something in Ren’s voice had been different, causing you to reconsider if he really had killed a Jedi for these robes. But he didn’t give you much more time to think, as he motioned for you to latch your lightsaber around your belt, and follow him down the ramp and onto the landing pad. The air on Nar Shadaa was hot, and full of contaminants that made our head spin. “What’s the plan?” You asked, walking next to him across the landing area and into one of the many cities. Ren didn’t reply, and you realized that wasn’t a good sign. Notes: things are rly starting to heat up between ren and reader now and i LOVE IT!!! writing this fic has been such a change of pace from my other fic, where kylo ren is such a soft little baby half the time. i love writing angsty kylo ren who just takes whatever he wants >:) i thought i would update twice this week since the rest of this week is going to be a NIGHTMARE aka thanksgiving and loads of homework to complete over the weekend. always grateful for your comments and kudos <3 <3 Chapter 13 : Chapter 13 Notes: nsfw ahead (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You followed Ren, not speaking, through the back alleys, streets, and sidewalks of Nar Shaddaa. It was busy, grimy, and you held a hand on your lightsaber the whole time just in case. It was the perfect place for bounty hunters, smugglers, and assassins, and therefore the worst place for you and Ren. “This mission is important and I will not allow you to jeopardize it,” Came his voice, unexpected and rushed from deep inside the mask. You could almost hear the scowl. “Relax, okay?” You almost laughed, jogging forward to keep up with him, “So what’s the plan exactly?” “We’re receiving a large shipment of kyber crystals-“ “Kyber crystals?!” You felt Ren push you into the darkness of a side alley, his gloved hand over your mouth. The breathing underneath his mask was heavy, and he removed the hand from your mouth. “This is what I meant about jeopardizing the mission,” He growled silently, glancing around the alleyway for any onlookers. “What does the First Order want with kyber crystals?” You whispered, but he didn’t reply. He stalked out of the darkness and back into the city as you followed behind. Once Ren stopped in front of a cantina and began speaking to the bouncer outside in Huttese, you knew something was going to go wrong. If you had learned anything in your short life of being a smuggler, it was that nothing good happened in cantinas. Commotion to your left made you turn your head from under your hood, to find Ren holding the bouncer in the grip of his hand, the other hand gripped on his deactivated lightsaber. You sighed and rolled your eyes, turning away from the scene. Could he do nothing without violence? Eventually you followed Ren into the cantina, past the body of the bouncer who was now sporting a broken neck. The cantina was smoky, loud, and heavy bass pumped from one of the rooms, sending vibrations through the floor, up your legs, and into your chest. Ren motioned with his head to follow you to the left, and you did so. “You know, I still haven’t forgotten about what happened last night!” You shouted up at him through the crowd. You weren’t sure what had come over you- maybe the smoke from about a hundred hookahs in the cantina had given you a confidence boost. “Aren’t we going to talk about it?” Though you knew Ren had heard you, he only continued to lead you deeper into the cantina. Eventually you found yourself sharing a table in a shadowy corner. Sometimes patrons would look your way, staring at your robes, but you would wave your hand under table and cause them to look the other way. Ren had ordered you a drink, and it would’ve been kind of him, if he hadn’t said it was to shut you up. “Is the First Order training a secret army of Sith?” You whispered, leaning forward towards him. Ren’s reply was to push the glass of alcohol closer towards you, and you appeased him by taking a large drink. “I work for the First Order now, I have a right to know.” Before Ren could reply, the two of you were joined by another hooded humanoid. He conversed with Ren in low tones, stopping to cock his head towards you. You looked frantically at Ren, who hadn’t given you a backstory or title. But you watched as his own hand moved in a wiping motion on top of the table as he said, “My pilot.” You gave Ren a hidden thumbs-up in reply. “I have the boxes out back if you’d like to follow me,” The man said after awhile. The three of you stood from the table, and you and Ren followed the man out the back door. Before exiting the cantina, Ren stopped and turned to you and mumbled, “Keep watch.” His voice was low, something only you were able to hear. You clutched the lightsaber on your belt, and nodded in reply. Ren exited the cantina, closing the door behind him. You stood guard next to the door between casting glares towards onlookers and silently meditating. Though many not trained in the Force could tease you for meditating inside a cantina, you found it calming. The Force was always on a Jedi's side. You searched through the Force while standing guard and feeling out the cantina just as you had done in the one on Tatooine what seemed like so long ago. Though you sensed no threats, there was something off about the man you had met with. He hadn't chosen to speak to you, even though he had clearly seen your robes and lightsaber. And why had Ren made you dress like a Jedi anyways? A loud bang to your side roused you from your thoughts and you turned to find Ren running through the door. Without a single word, he grabbed your arm and rushed through the cantina and back out into the dark streets. “What happened?” You shouted from behind him, igniting your lightsaber and glancing around wildly for any danger. Though you didn't have to ask- you already knew what had happened. Something had gone wrong, and you had sensed it the moment you sat down with the man. You watched as Ren activated his own lightsaber while his held his hood in place with the other hand. It was then you realized his mask was gone. You almost laughed. “You lost your helmet again ?” When you reached the ship, the both of you ran up the ramp, and there were already a few boxes in the cockpit that hadn’t made their way to the cargo hold. “How did you do this so quickly?” “Paid others to do it,” He replied from between breaths, his back arched as he rested his hands on his knees, “Had it set up before we came here. Prep the ship, we need to-“ A banging from under the ship made Ren stop speaking and return to his full height. His grip on the hissing lightsaber tightened and he barked, “Take the rest of the cargo into the hold, quickly.” You stared at each other for a moment, before the banging below the ship returned, and you ran over to one of the boxes, pressing the button on the top and levitated it to the hold. You continued to do this until you heard the sound of the ramp being extended, and ran with your lightsaber in your hand back out to the cockpit. Down below the ship, you watched as Ren fought singlehandedly against a mob of assassins. Most of them held melee weapons, though some were a distance away shooting blasters. But Ren, he seemed not to even mind. You watched as he moved fluidly and quickly, blocking blaster shots and cutting down anyone in his way. Sometimes he would extend an arm out to block a blaster bolt, or Force-Push one of the gangsters down, but much of the battle was done with the lightsaber. Though you had been fighting side-by-side with him for so long, you had truly never seen him in action. You realized then that the way he acted during your duels, or in one-on-one combat against petty thieves or criminals, he seemed almost bored. But this was a real challenge. The way he handled the lightsaber as an extension of his arm as it twirled, impaled, and sliced, was a style of fighting you had never seen before. The raw power and anger he drew from as he fought against the gangsters was awe-inspiring, and it conjured up something warm in your core. You were scared, impressed, and attracted to him all at once. “Are you going to help or just watch?” He called up to where you stood on the ramp. Currently he was battling with a human wielding two vibroswords and it didn't take you long to realize it was the man you had met with in the cantina. Anger at the man for betraying you and at yourself for not sensing his lies earlier flooded through your veins, and you joined Ren in the fight. The the two of you fought back-to-back blocking blaster shots and battling with the remaining fighters. As you fought, you were hyperaware of the feeling of Ren’s back against yours as it moved with his shoulders, and the sound of his voice as he grunted or shouted out. You could almost feel the power and anger that fueled him flow through his body and into yours, and it excited you. Finally, you and Ren were alone and surrounded by bodies. You felt a shaking hand on your shoulder and turned towards Ren, ready to tell him you needed to leave, to get out of Nar Shaddaa as soon as possible. But movement behind his turned back caused you to make a split second decision as you pushed him to the side and ignited your lightsaber. The man's vibrosword collided with your own above your head, and you struggled to hold your grip on the saber. The man was livid with anger, his breath coming heavy and warm on your face. You turned and met the vibrosword again with your lightsaber, before breaking off the connection. Movement behind you alerted you to Ren standing back on his feet but you extended a hand towards him, knocking him back down with the Force and shouting, "Go! Start the ship!" The vibrosword clanged against your lightsaber once again, and you caught a quick glimpse of Ren moving back up the ramp. "Your boyfriend isn't here anymore," The man's voice came from above you, heavily accented and smelling of alcohol. The engines of the ship began to turn over, and you knew that Ren would leave you on Nar Shaddaa if you didn't get rid of the man quick. You bought yourself a little bit of time and ran back towards the ramp of the ship, and turning to meet the man's vibrosword one last time. You broke the connection once again, and extended your arm towards him, gripping through the air and around his neck. You didn't have time to wait for him to choke, to hear his apologies, so you tightened your shaking hand through the Force, and with a loud crack! the man fell back onto the landing pad. You wished that you could tell yourself that you had killed the man in a bout of anger, that the Dark Side had just taken over for a quick second. But the truth was that you felt nothing when you killed the man. He had attacked you, and you had responded by snapping his neck. There was no anger, no aggression in your mind when you had done it. Your mind had been clear, and you were aware of what you had done. You finally took a deep breath, and surveyed the scene for a moment for any other stragglers. When you felt that you were finally safe, you deactivated the lightsaber and headed back up the ramp. You took off your boots immediately, and threw them towards the opposite wall as you joined Ren in the pilot's seat. You guided the ship off of the landing pad, mumbling, “Lets get out of here.” Later, after small talk with Ren about battle strategies and finally changing out of the Jedi robes you decided you hated, you lie in bed, completely awake. For some reason, the image of Ren moving swiftly through the crowd of gangsters and killing anyone who got in his way was burned into your mind. All you could think about was how fast and sly his body moved, the groaning he made as he wielded the lightsaber, and the extreme force with which he used, well, the Force. Your thoughts of Ren turned to thoughts of yourself, of what you were becoming. If you were beginning the path down the Dark Side, why hadn't any of your masters tried to contact you? Surely they would be able to sense that something was beginning to change. But the thing that bothered you the most was that you didn't care. Though you had told yourself for years that you weren't a Jedi , you couldn't bring yourself to have an allegiance to either side. You had learned so much about the Light Side of the Force, wasn't it time for you to take up Ren's offer and learn about the Dark Side? You turned on your side, away from the door. You changed your thoughts, thinking back to the night before. You still weren’t sure if it had been a dream or not; he had not referenced the experience explicitly to you, though you wished he had. The memory of the incident conjured up the desire you felt once again. You closed your eyes, forcing yourself to not think about the incident, to try to fall asleep, but it was no use. You turned in your bed once again, this time facing the door. You opened your eyes and immediately sat up in bed. The door to your quarters was open ajar, how had you not noticed it before? Though a small beam of light was streaming into your room and across your face, the rest of your room was still in complete darkness. You brought the palms of your hands to your eyes and rubbed vigorously to make sure you weren’t dreaming. Grabbing the robe from beside your bunk, you swung it over your shoulders and exited to the hallway. Though you expected to be in hyperspace already, smoggy and grimy Nar Shaddaa still showed through the cockpit windows. “Hey,” You greeted to the figure in the co-pilot’s seat as you walked against the hard, cool floor. You took your regular seat, bringing your knees up to your chest, and staring for a while out the windows, before glancing to Ren. “I hope I’m not disturbing you, I couldn’t sleep,” You commented, “Why haven’t we left yet?” Ren didn’t reply for a long moment. You expected that he had been meditating, or staring out at the windows. He seemed to like to do both. Then: “Ship was damaged earlier. Needs repairs.” You nodded slightly, “Can we trust someone on Nar Shaddaa to do them?” “I can do it,” Came his voice, soft and confident underneath the hood. An impressed frown curled on your lips, “Where did you learn to navigate and repair ships? You don’t seem like the type,” You paused, then added hastily, “No offense.” Ren sighed from your right, whether from annoyance or relaxation you couldn’t be sure. “My father taught me.” You nodded, “Was he a TIE pilot?” “A smuggler,” Ren’s voice grew quiet, “Then a pilot for the Republic.” Your eyes grew wide. “How does someone like you have a father who works for the Republic?” “ Worked ,” He corrected you, his voice sharp. “Then he abandoned it. Just like he does with everything else.” He was silent after that, and you took that as a sign to stop asking questions. “I’m sorry if I touched a nerve,” You said after a few moments, “I never really knew my family, so I like hearing about other people's.” Ren didn’t reply, and you both sat in comfortable silence for a while longer, staring out of the cockpit windows. “Are we ever going to talk about what happened last night?” The words came out rushed and desperate, but he didn’t seem to take notice. His head turned slightly towards you, “Possibly.” You sighed in relief. It was enough for you that he had even acknowledged it. “How long do you think we’ll be here for?” You mumbled, resting your head in your hand. “Three days at the most,” Ren replied, and you sensed his own relief in the change of subject. You watched as he stood, lowered the ramp, and walked down to the landing pad. You spent much of the next day meditating in your quarters or training in the cargo hold, while Ren was outside doing repairs on the ship. You’d asked him if he needed help, volunteered to learn how to repair things, or even go into the city and rent an astromech for help, and he declined it all. Eventually you returned back in the ship in silence. The following day, you were beginning to get restless. You’d woken up early to meditate, but kept getting distracted by Ren working on the ship. He had finished the outside repairs, but had now begun working on the broken hyperdrive inside the engine room. For a while you attempted to train in the cargo hold or meditate in your quarters, but the noise was too much. You exited your quarters and made your way to your engine room. “Hey,” You leaned in the doorway, watching his crouched figure move with vigilance, “Are you sure you don’t need any help?” His only reply was to cast an arm back towards you, effectively closing the durasteel door that separated the engine room from the rest of the ship. You resisted the urge to roll your eyes due to the possibility that he would sense the subtle movement. “Fine!” You yelled at the door, “I’m going to the cantina then for a drink.” You lifted the hood of your robe up over your head and walked down the ramp of the ship with crossed arms. It was already nearing nighttime on Nar Shaddaa, meaning the night shift of bounty hunters, assassins, and other criminals would begin filling the streets. Though the thought of possibly sharing a cantina with Resistance spies made you nervous, the desperation for a drink to ease your nerves was even greater. You made your way to the cantina you and Ren had accompanied the night before. It was still busy and smoky as ever, to which you were thankful. You were able to find a seat at the bar, and order a quick drink. Though with the hood over your head making you as conspicuous as possible, you still felt out of place. The cantina was loud, and your eyes had to dart around from under the hood to constantly check for danger. Sometimes you would catch snippets of conversation, but none of it was of note. Luckily, nobody paid attention to you whatsoever during your stay in the cantina. You were able to order yourself another drink after you had downed the first one in a matter of minutes, and then leave. Though your legs did feel just a little like jelly while you made your way back to the ship, you relied on the Force to guide you safely through the streets. You hadn’t realized just how long you had been in the cantina until you caught a glimpse of the dark skies above. Though the city lights drowned out any view of the stars, the sky still shown a dark purple, covered in smoggy clouds. You were in a good mood when you entered the ship once again. Ren had a habit of stressing you out, especially when he ignored you or refused any type of conversation, and a night at the cantina was, strangely, exactly what you had needed. The first thing you noticed when re-entering the ship was just how quiet it was. Ren must’ve finished his work on the damaged hyperdrive for the night. You padded silently through the hallways to your quarters, not wanting to wake him up. You opened the door to your room, and almost immediately the metal woosh echoed behind you. You bit your lip, your body halfway through the door of your quarters, but you turned to face him at the last minute. His tall figure, complete with an air of annoyance and strong arms crossed in front of his chest, towered over you. “I didn’t mean to wake you,” You apologized, “I just went to the cantina, had a few drinks-“ “A few drinks?” That voice, gentle and calm, but questioning and patronizing all at the same time. “Yes,” You wrinkled your eyebrows up at him, frowning in confusion, “Is that a problem?” It was your turn to cross your arms. He stepped forward towards you, and you could swear your heart stopped in your chest when he placed an arm on the wall next to your head. Had he done this before? Had he ever been this close to you? Your mind was swimming, thoughts growing and dying uncompleted and rushed, and you couldn’t open your mouth without the fear of saying something stupid, so you kept it closed. “There are Resistance spies still looking for us,” His voice was quiet and you could feel his warm breath on your skin, “Were you trying to get yourself killed?” Even within all of the confusion, infatuation, and exhaustion filling your mind, you were able to cock your head to the side, your brows still furrowed together. “Since when do you care if I get killed?” His other hand, gloved and strong, came to rest on the other side of your head. This time you were sure your heart actually stopped. In such close proximity, you could almost feel the warmth of his body mingling with yours. The air around you seemed dense and humid, beads of sweat forming on your forehead and underarms. The vibration you had become so accustomed to nestled itself in the tips of your fingers and in between your legs. “I don’t,” He practically whispered, sending new vibrations throughout your body, lighting your nerves on fire, and sending off alarm bells in your mind. It was wrong, so wrong to feel this way. You shook your head, effectively shaking away the warmth around you. For a moment, the coolness of the ship air returned to your lungs. “Whatever you’re doing, it’s not working. You can’t distract me, and I will not be seduced by you, Sith scum .” You pushed him out of the way and made to enter your quarters, but you felt his hand close around your arm. You stopped in your tracks, stuck halfway between the hallway and your quarters once again. The warmth returned to your cheeks, through your chest and legs, and into your core. It was hard to breathe, and you found no solace in your inhalations, however frantic they became. The feeling of his bare skin against yours sent electricity up your arms and into your chest, making it ache with desire. The nerves around your body fired in response, sending dull vibrations. “You already have been,” His voice was so low that for a moment you thought you imagined it. But then his hand released you as he entered his quarters, and cool, fresh air like a glass of water flooded over your senses once again. Awake. Almost immediately your eyes had fluttered open, from a bad dream or tossing and turning your sleep, you couldn’t be sure. As your senses all began to switch to consciousness, you became aware of a presence in your room. Your breath caught in your throat, and you swallowed hard. Movement to the right corner of your room by the door alerted you to his presence. Excited, nervous energy at the announcement of his company began to flow in your belly. “Commander,” You replied huskily, your voice full of sleep. You weren’t sure why you had called him that; you never called him that. Your body was hot now, and you pushed the covers and sheets from your skin. Something emerged from the darkness, and landed on the bed in front of you. You picked it up in your hands, recognizing it as one of the pillows belonging to the bunk next to yours. You clutched it in your hands, staring across the room to where you could just so vaguely see his figure sitting. “What am I supposed to do with this?” You whispered, though you had no need. You were completely alone on the ship. Nobody but you and Ren would be witness to anything either of you said. A moment of silence. Then: “Distract me.” His voice was calm, but he was daring you again. Playing a game. Seeing who would make the next move. Whether he was throwing your words from earlier back at you or not, you couldn’t be sure. Though you were nervous, the sound of his voice no doubt increased the desire you had felt growing in your chest. Before you could even comprehend what you were saying, you felt yourself agree in a whisper. You grabbed hold of the shirt you had been wearing, lifted it over your head, and tossed it on the floor; although in the darkness it was unlikely he would even be able to see much of your bare skin. Next, you took off the leggings you were wearing, as well as your underwear. Alarm bells, like the ones you had heard earlier, began to ring through your mind, but you ignored them, blaming it on the alcohol. You straddled the pillow next- an all-too familiar sensation. Though you would never admit it to him, you had quite a lot, possibly too much, experience. The both of you sat in complete silence, possibly in nervousness or fear, maybe waiting for the other person to do something. When Ren made no motion for you to stop, didn’t even speak a word, you began moving your hips slowly on the pillow underneath you. It had been too long since you had felt any sort of release, so immediately you felt yourself begin to grow wet. You tossed your head back at the sensation underneath you, biting your lip in pleasure. You squeezed your eyes shut for a moment, before remembering that the room was completely shrouded in darkness. Instead, you used the Force to seek out where he sat, and stared toward him. Soon you began to move your hips faster, the fabric from the pillow underneath you grinding against your clit. You hunched over the pillow, your bunk creaking softly as you did so. A thousand thoughts ran through your mind: Ben, the cantina, the alcohol, Kylo Ren. A soft moan escaped your lips- “No,” his voice made you freeze, and you lifted your head up towards him. Your clit still buzzed with pleasure as you furrowed your brows, waiting for him to say more. And when he didn’t, because he never did , you continued. You were already close to cumming since you hadn’t in what felt like forever. You squeezed your mouth shut, forcing yourself to respect his request to keep quiet. You grinded your hips faster against the pillow underneath you, and your bunk shouted out in protest. Though your body was now drenched in sweat, and your hips moved fast against the pillow, you needed something to push you over the edge- -and you thought of him. Not Ben. You thought of him, of Kylo Ren. Though you had never seen his face, had never touched his skin for longer than a moment, the thought of him caused tendrils of desire and passion to tangle in your core. You thought of the power you had seen him use, but attributed it to yourself. His long fingers stretched across your neck, his other hand tangled in your hair, pulling it back so far that it hurt. You thought of him inside you, standing behind you and pressing you up against the wall, whispering into your ear. And you couldn’t help it, you really wanted to respect his wishes, but it felt so good when you moaned his name as you rode out your orgasm, with thoughts of him in your mind. The desire you had felt in your core spread throughout your body, causing your body to freeze, then shake, and finally crumple in exhaustion. An awkward silence followed after. Your mind was still foggy, clouded with lust, and your body lay heavy over the pillow you still clutched in your hands. Finally you sat up, removed the now extremely wet pillow from underneath you, and threw it on the floor next to your bed. You were aware of the coldness now, and crawled back under the covers. You swallowed hard, and stared across the room to where he sat, completely still. When you heard him stand and exit your quarters without a single word, you lay back down in bed. Your mind began searching the ship for his feelings, but found none. And when it didn't, it began making up excuses, justifications for what just happened, but you effectively shot down every one. When your mind rested on the excuse that yes, you were drunk, even then you knew you were lying to yourself. Notes: lmfao i am 100% pure trash Chapter 14 : Chapter 14 Notes: an early update since i will be going out of town tomorrow and wont be able to update until i get back home next wednesday. this chapter is a little short, but it establishes the next arc! yay! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You were helping the hangar crew unload the boxes of kyber crystals off of the ship when you felt Hux’s presence. “Hello, General,” You said before he had time to greet you. You turned slightly towards him in recognition, before pushing the levitating box across the hangar floor, “Sensed you coming.” General Hux fell into step next to you, hands clasped regally behind his back. You almost scoffed. Did he ever relax? “I trust your trip went well,” General Hux drawled. You glanced sideways towards him with a scowl, “To what do I owe this great honor?” You dropped the last box off with the others, and began making your way to the cafeteria. You didn’t know how long you would have on base before you would have to leave again, and were determined to take advantage of the cafeteria food. “Merely catching up with one of our best employees,” Hux said from beside you, as the both of you walked from the hangar and into the dimly lit hallways. Arms crossed in front of your chest, you shook your head slightly, a soft chuckle escaping from your lips, “I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about.” “Of course you do,” Hux scoffed, catching your eye and pausing. “I don’t, General, I’m sorry,” You finally gave up, shrugging and resting your hands on your hips, “I literally just touched down a second ago, I could really use some caf and some food that isn’t ship rations, and if I recall, you and I aren’t necessarily on good terms. So please excuse me if I’m not in the mood for one of your games.” Hux’s eyes flashed. “I underestimated you, Jedi.” An urge to correct him crossed your mind, but you bit your tongue. Shrugging once again and holding your palms out in annoyance, you said, “Just spit it out, Hux.” Hux’s fake smile only grew, “Kylo Ren has not killed you yet. I congratulate you.” Your eyes darted around the hallway in suspicion before landing back on Hux, a cynical expression on your face, “Are you joking?” Hux’s smile faltered, and he straightened his posture slightly. “Listen, I really don’t have time for this right now,” You sighed, a hand coming up to nurse the growing headache in your temple, “Whatever congratulations you have for me can be sent via datapad, or holocube, or whatever.” You made to walk away, but Hux interrupted you once again. “He seems to have taken a liking to you.” You swallowed hard, your hands clenching and unclenching into fists. You stared ahead at the cafeteria doors. You were so close . But you felt your body turn to face Hux once again, staring at the way his blue eyes gleamed even in the dim light. “He’s my supervisor,” You sighed, “We’ve been a team for months now. I doubt he likes me-“ You stopped immediately, your mind going over the events of the night before. You shook them away, “-but we seem to work well together, strangely.” “It must be hard, being the only Jedi left,” Hux commented, eyes narrowed, “Meeting another Force-User must have almost seemed like…fate.” Confusion masked your face, and you suddenly thought back to months ago when you had first met with Hux. What was it he had said? “’ I suggest having a long talk with Commander Ren when he returns, ’” You repeated silently, your eyes falling to the floor. You felt your heart drop. So much had happened since then that you had completely forgotten about Hux’s warning. You stared up at him now, “What don’t I know, General?” Hux’s lips turned up into a smirk. Then: “Enjoy the caf while you’re here, Jedi. You may need it.” You watched him leave, arms crossed and jacket flying out from behind him. For a moment, you considered pinching yourself to make sure the conversation had been real. “As if I don’t have enough problems,” You grumbled, rolling your eyes and turning for the cafeteria. The caf on base wasn’t the best, and honestly you never even drank caf, but you felt yourself needing the boost especially after the previous night. The cup warmed your hands as you stood awkwardly to the side of the cafeteria. It was lunchtime, and busy, and the last thing you wanted was to try to make friends with stormtroopers. You knew how much they respected Kylo Ren and didn’t want to stand in the way of that loyalty. At some point you finished your caf and went back through the cafeteria to get actual food. A voice sounded behind you, and turned to find an officer holding a datapad for you. You grabbed it and turned, expecting him to leave like they usually did, but he continued to stand still. You turned once again, slightly cocking your brow, “Yes?” “Kylo Ren requests you in his quarters,” Though the officer stood almost a head taller than you and his voice boomed with authority, you sensed an air of uneasiness as he spoke Kylo Ren’s name. As if on cue, your stomach growled, and you dropped your head in your hands, rubbing circles into your temples. You brought your head back up dramatically, “It has to be right now?” “He stated specifically-“ “Fine, fine,” You waved him off, ignoring the growing hunger in your gut and reluctantly following the officer out of the cafeteria. During your first week at Starkiller Base, you made it a point to venture around in case you ever got lost. But now as the officer led you past the areas you were familiar with and into more unknown zones, you already felt yourself beginning to grow lost. Soon, many of the stormtroopers who patrolled the hallways had all but disappeared, and the corridors through which you walked became so quiet that only your footsteps could be heard. The usual large, dark walls had been replaced with windows, offering a view out into the falling snow. The officer soon stopped near a door where he pressed the button on the wall near it, speaking, “Sir, the Jedi is here.” There was a pause so long that the officer took his hand off of the button, and even glanced towards you nervously. But then from the console there was the click of a comm unit, and Ren’s rasping voice say, “Bring her in.” The large durasteel door opened with a woosh! of compressed air and metal, and the officer led you inside. The place was much different than yours. A large window opposite you took up most of the space on the wall. The room was relatively empty save for the large bookshelf near the window, and holoprojector in the middle of the room. Just like much of the interior of Starkiller Base, the room lacked in lightning, other than the canned lights on the ceiling. Busy glancing around the room, you jumped when you heard another door open to your right, a black mass engulfed in the doorway. You turned slightly to glance for the officer, but he had already left without a sound. Probably for the best. You didn't know what Kylo Ren had in store for you. You watched him step through the doorway and into the same room as you, and quick flashes of the night before flooded your mind before you silenced them in his presence. “Good afternoon,” You greeted him awkwardly. The place was so minimally decorated that there wasn’t even any furniture for you to relax on. Had you been a little more comfortable around him you would possibly sit on the ground. But you only stood awkwardly staring at him, hands held nervously behind your back. “Nice place.” Ren stepped forward, approaching the holoprojector near you. He extended a hand and you retrieved the datapad from the back pocket of your robes. Ren grabbed the small tablet from you, and plugged it into the holoprojector. Immediately the room was flooded with deep turquoise light, emitting from the projector. A map spread out above and around you, while below the screen rattled off information. “This is a map,” The words felt stupid leaving your mouth, but you felt the need to state the obvious just in case. Usually during your missions you would only receive coordinates to corresponding planets. Now, however, a full map spread above your heads, engulfing the room. Ren stared upwards at the map too, his head moving slightly as he gazed towards the different planets and systems. He inclined his head slightly towards you, “You trained with Skywalker.” You furrowed your brows at the statement, and tried to find the right words, but none would come. Eventually you closed your mouth and nodded slightly in reply. “This is a map to his lost lightsaber,” Ren’s voice was quiet even from behind the mask, and you sensed his mind busy with other things, and he seemed exasperated to even have to be there with you. “How do you know about Master Skywalker?” You finally managed to say. A sharp burst of static from inside the mask that you translated into a laugh. “I know more than you think, Jedi.” “Why are we looking at a map to his lightsaber?” You asked, though inwardly you asked the more important question: How did you get a map to Master Skywalker’s lost lightsaber? “It barely concerns you,” Ren said lazily, “But General Hux thought it would be prudent to keep you updated. I’m going away, I don’t know for how long. Until then, you will be kept here on base until my return.” “You’re going to go chase Mas- Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber by yourself?” A bitter chuckle emerged from your lips, and you saw Ren’s body stiffen at the sound, “How many times have I saved your ass? No, I’m coming with you.” Ren pulled the datapad out with force and flicked a wrist, sending the object flying towards you. You pocketed the tablet once again, ignoring his obvious want for you to leave his quarters. “You’ll only be a distraction,” He hadn’t moved from where he stood at the holoprojector, hands still gripped tight on the glassy surface. “When am I not?” You flashed a smile in his direction, though his mask was still pointed downward. “Plus…this is kind of personal for me. I did train with Luke. Not personally, but he was one of the Jedi Masters that trained us. I don’t know why the First Order wants his lightsaber and I’m not going to ask…but its one more connection I can make to my old life. Start to move forward.” Try to find Ben. Ren made no sign to show that he was listening to you, though you still sensed his mind active through the Force. There was something about this mission that was bothering him, though you didn’t intend to ask. You’d seen now many times just how powerful he was, and how much power he had over you , and couldn’t damage the trust you’d already begun to form, even if it was one-sided. “Very well,” He finally said, though without any inflection that would forecast any of his emotions in the matter. In fact, part of you wondered if he agreed only to get you to stop arguing with him. I suggest having a long talk with Commander Ren when he returns . Hux’s warning echoed in your ears and you felt vaguely guilty for forgetting. “I’ll only come with you if you show me your face.” Another burst of static from inside the mask, and this time he stepped away from the holoprojector, towards you. “You’re barely in the position to make demands.” “We need to trust each other,” You snapped, “And I can’t trust you if I feel like you’re hiding something from me.” He was silent, his dark form towering over you like a ghost, his hands clenched into fists. Finally, he raised a hand towards you, and you felt the pressure of the Force around your neck. You immediately dropped to the floor, gasping for air. He had caught you off guard, and now you were unable to use the Force against him. The air constricted around your throat and the already dark room began to grow darker, blurred shapes of black beginning to cloud your vision. You gasped for air, gagging at the sensation around your neck, trying to meditate, to distance yourself from it, but you couldn’t concentrate. You willed yourself to hold your breath in protest, squeezing your eyes shut and wrapping a hand around the lightsaber on your belt. Though your limbs, too, felt like they weighed a thousand pounds, you ignited the lightsaber, lighting the room up in bright white light. The Force around your throat and limbs disappeared and then the room was alight in a red glow. You rose to meet his lightsaber with your own, rubbing your neck absentmindedly with your free hand. Ren stood in a defensive position, though you could sense that he was in no mood to fight. The Force-Choke had only been a taste of worse things that would happen if you continued to pry into his past, you realized. You deactivated the lightsaber, though kept it in your hand. The weapon still buzzed in your grasp, and the nerves in your hands only finally resting once Ren deactivated his lightsaber and clasped it on his belt. “In time, you will understand." When you boarded the ship this time, the air inside was different. There was a tense atmosphere between you and Ren now, and even when you weren’t in the same room, you could feel it. Perhaps it was your anger with him, his inability to trust you as you trusted him. Or perhaps it was anger at yourself, for forgetting that he was nothing more than your employer, and as much as you wanted to feel connected to the only other Force-User you'd seen in years, it just wasn’t going to happen. You pleaded in your quarters to your masters. First, calling out to Master Skywalker, telling him of your mission, telling him you hoped to see him again. In fact, part of you did hope that in the mission for Master Skywalker’s lightsaber that you would run into Skywalker himself, or possibly other Jedi. When there was no response from Master Skywalker -there hadn’t been in five years- you reached out to Master Kenobi. When things got confusing during training, when you tried to rebel against Master Orrdio several times, Master Kenobi would always be there for you. Though ever since that night on Dantooine when you had killed your first man, Obi-Wan had gone silent. Maybe it had been your own doing, unknowingly cutting off all contact with your Masters, and Ben, when you had taken your first steps to the Dark Side. But part of you still held onto the hope that they were somewhere listening. Who was Kylo Ren? And why was he so adamant on not revealing his identity to you? Maybe he had been another student that had trained with you at the Academy. When he spoke of Master Skywalker, there was a familiar tone in his voice, and the anger directed at the Jedi Master seemed too personal for the lightsaber to mean nothing to him. Though, if he had been another student, surely you would’ve felt some sort of connection with him. But then you remembered when you had first been ordered to work with Kylo Ren, and the overwhelming feelings of nostalgia that seemed to exist in your mind for what seemed like weeks, though it had only been days. It had almost felt like you had been reunited with an old ally. And now that feeling had begun to fade away, only existing when at night he was vulnerable and you would try to pick at his mind. But his mind was closely guarded even while he was asleep, and he would throw up mental walls, blocking you from entering any further inside of his thoughts. Though, sometimes, late at night, you would get flashes of emotions. Nothing more than just feelings; anger, regret, guilt. But then he would notice you sensing his feelings, and would put up more walls. The man was smart and capable, which led you to believe that he had not always existed as Kylo Ren. He had skills that only Jedi used: the use of the mind-trick, stasis, and the lightsaber form he often used that reminded you a lot of Master Skywalker's. As mysterious as he was, there was no doubt that he had been trained as a Jedi from a young age, and under a skilled master. You’d never met a Jedi so powerful at such a young age, though you knew that if Ben had been by your side, he would surely give Kylo Ren a taste of his own medicine. You thought of Ben, and how you felt that you had already failed him. You’d viewed the job with the First Order as freedom, and it had only turned out to be another form of imprisonment. Though you were happy to see different planets, and be away from General Hux as much as possible, you still had a bounty on your head, and still had a contract to work for the First Order indefinitely. Perhaps, you thought idly, if you took up Ren’s offer to train you in the Dark Side, maybe then you would finally have the power to deceive him, and the First Order, and finally go looking for Ben once again. But what was the point? You didn’t want to admit it, but a large part of you had already conceded that Ben was dead with the rest of the Jedi. You hadn’t gone back to Ach-To out of pure embarrassment. Had Ben gone back? Had something happened to all of the Jedi there and that was why General Hux and Kylo Ren always mocked you for being the last Jedi? You stared up at the ceiling; wishing that it could talk to you, offer advice. I wish Master Kenobi was here. A loud knock on your door shocked you from your thoughts. It was time to go. You jumped from your bed, walking to the cockpit and taking the seat next to Ren’s. The air was still tense and heavy, and just his presence next to yours made you feel on edge and full of anger. “Where to first?” You finally asked from behind gritted teeth. You were ready to leave Starkiller Base and go into hyperspace, so that you could spend the rest of the trip your quarters. Ren’s hands hovered over the controls, as if he had not expected you to speak. Then, “Cloud City. Bespin.” Notes: ahhhh! im really excited for this arc. i think both kylo ren and reader are gonna learn a lot about themselves and, most importantly, each other as they chase luke's lightsaber. i always thought it was interesting that the original plot of the force awakens was not to find the map, but to find the lightsaber, so i really wanted to explore that. also, since both of them are obviously really strong in the force, theres going to be some butting of heads more than ever because theyre both definitely going to react differently to being in places that conjure up memories in the force. i.e, luke v vader in cloud city, etc. and i really like world-building and exploring planets from the prequels and original trilogy. as much as i love takodana, starkiller base, jakku, etc. theres nothing like a good ol trip to cloud city or coruscant. ......this is also just an opportunity to write strong!kylo and smart!kylo because i dont think we get enough of either lol quick edit: im definitely not done with the resistance arc. thats going to be an underlying theme that interlaces within this new arc. ren & reader are definitely still on the run. also.......yes, there is a face reveal coming very soon. reader is starting to realize some shit. ill update again next week! hopefully on time. im not sure when my plane gets back in, so it might have to be a thursday instead of wednesday, but we'll see. ive been super busy with finals and the holiday season so thats why i didnt update in a while, but i promise im back on track. happy holidays! :-) Chapter 15 : Chapter 15 Notes: tw: flashbacks of sexual assault (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The man’s breath was warm and stunk of alcohol. In an instant, his hands were on your body, forcing you onto the bed beneath you, pulling off what little clothes you wore. Your body froze at the sudden movement and you shivered. The window was open and a sliver of moonlight flooded the apartment with blue light. His hands were a blur as they moved to undress you and for a moment, you let him. For a moment, you closed your eyes and enjoyed the sensation, imagining Him instead. But the man’s breath was disgusting, and his hands were too smooth to be Ben’s. When the last of your robes had come off, the smooth skin of his hands and hungry groaning in his throat sped rapidly and you looked wildly for your lightsaber. This was wrong , everything about this was wrong . Immediately you were sober despite the alcohol you had consumed not even an hour earlier. The weight of his body pinned you onto the mattress and you knew enough to know what would be coming soon. He tried and failed to push his fingers up inside of you but you squirmed and shouted before he covered your mouth with a hand. His skin, so smooth, so unnaturally smooth, disgusted and surprised you. You were used to calloused hands and tanned skin and this was different. One hand pinned your wrists up over your head and you could hear him in the darkness rustling with the fastening of his pants. Your heart sped, and painful tears threatened to push themselves onto your cheeks as you stared down towards him. Silently, you called out to someone- Ben, Obi-Wan, Luke- where were they when you needed them most? Was this punishment for leaving the Academy? You felt his flesh against yours as his pants were discarded somewhere on the floor and you forced down the lump growing in your throat. You tried again and again to call out to your lightsaber and apparently even that had abandoned you. You would have given anything at that moment to throw up, to stop this, anything to free yourself and return to your ship. His figure was shrouded in moonlight as he rose to drunkenly mutter something before taking two fingers and forcing them inside of you, this time succeeding. The pain of your insides being ripped in two drew a scream of horror from somewhere deep inside you. The fingers moved in and out, and you cursed yourself for beginning to grow wet at the sensation, despite wanting nothing more than to go back to your ship. Every thrust of his hand tore a new scream from your throat at the pain of being torn apart. A hand finally released the grip on your own and came to cover your mouth, and you could only whimper beneath his flesh. Free now, you extended a hand and called out through the Force, closing your eyes and willing the weapon to return to your side. Fingers clasped around cold metal. A room blanketed in bright light. Your other hand came up and pushed him against the wall opposite you, and you pulled yourself to your feet, naked, except for the lightsaber in your hand. “Jedi bitch!” He called up at you, pushing his body up and rising to meet you. Anger or adrenaline, or both, flowed through your chest and into your arms, and your outstretched hand closed into a tight fist and the man’s body flew from where he lay on the floor, to hang in midair. He clutched madly at his throat, choking out apologies and curse words, but the matter was over in seconds. Without a second thought, you plunged the blade into his stomach, releasing your hold on him in the Force, and watching his body crumple over your lightsaber. You stared, teeth clenched and body shaking, down at his lifeless body as it hung on the blade. Then you deactivated the lightsaber and let the body crumple to the ground. Still fueled by anger, you stared down at the man, the moonlight now drenching his body in deep blue. He deserved worse. You awoke in darkness, startled awake by the intensity of your memory. Before you had come to work with the First Order, you’d never had flashbacks of any kind. You were good at hiding your emotions and memories from even yourself. But now all of that work you had done to protect yourself from the past had begun to come undone. You cursed yourself as you felt dried tears on your face. Sensations came flooding as you regained consciousness, and with them the feeling of warmth on your arm. You threw the covers off and pushed yourself flat against the wall and away from the feeling, calling out to the lightsaber that came flying across the room and into your hand. His figure stood tall in the darkness, and you watched as he pulled a pale hand away from you as if he had just been burned. The hand clenched into a tight fist and then returned inside the leather glove. “Get dressed,” He growled, and you realized he wasn’t wearing his mask. As much as you hated him, you savored the moments he allowed you to listen to his real voice, for it was a reminder that your partner was human, “We’re landing.” He tossed a piled of clothes at you and left your quarters, a black mass engulfing any light in the hallway. You stared in awe at the doorway, pushing the pile of clothes and your lightsaber away and bringing a hand to where his had touched you. In the short amount of time he had touched you, you’d been able to conclude three things: he’d been warm, his skin had been rough and coarse, and he had been shaking. It was odd that he had chosen to touch to in order to wake you up. In the past, he had let you sleep past the allotted amount of time in order for you to wake up late, which allowed him to reprimand you. He’d even woken you up by pulling you out of bed using the Force. Obviously Kylo Ren could have his way with you, as exemplified by the past two instances you’d been alone with him in your quarters. And though those experiences hadn’t been exactly what a normal person would call romantic or endearing, there had been something different now in his touch. Something that wasn’t so eager to get you to pleasure yourself in front of him, or degrade yourself to satiate whatever desire he had. Had he sensed your nightmare? You weren’t a stranger to getting flashes of his feelings through the Force, especially when those feelings were very strongly negative. Perhaps you had been broadcasting your memory through the Force and into his mind without even knowing it. Or perhaps he was just a voyeur who took pleasure in experiencing your pain. The clothes and backstory Ren had supplied the both of you with would hopefully allow for you to stay on Cloud City without being discovered by the Resistance. The city center was massive, with white shining buildings and iridescent windows made of highly reflective glass. Right away, you felt lucky that you’d had a change of clothes, for the fashion in Cloud City was unlike any you had seen before. Women and men alike wore highly decorated fabric that was no doubt expensive and rare to come by, makeup that was just as decorative as the clothing, and hairstyles so gaudy that some of them made your head ache just to look at. “We’re ambassadors from Takodana,” Ren had told you in a low voice, abandoning his mask altogether. Though his dark exterior didn’t much fit in to the pastels and whites of Cloud City, the dark robe he wore did allow for decorative beading and it seemed he even polished a new pair of boots for the occasion, “And we’re looking for Maz Kanata. She’s gone missing.” “Tak-? Okay,” You mumbled. “When did she go missing?” “She didn’t,” Ren replied, “We just need to confirm that she still resides on Takodana.” “Why can’t we just go there ourselves?” Up until then, the two of you had been keeping a brisk pace through the city. But once the question had left your mouth, Ren had grasped your wrist and led you away from the crowd of the city, and towards a dank and empty alleyway. “We cannot just fly our First Order ship to a planet known for its amount of Resistance sympathizers before we know she is going to be there,” Ren growled, and though he did seem annoyed, you caught a glimpse of his distraction. The alleyway was snug, even for the two of you, and his body threatened to push against yours. You’d secured yourself against the wall and as far away from him as you could get, but he seemed to be having a harder time. “Okay,” You breathed, “I understand.” You eagerly pushed yourself past him and out of the alleyway, ready to follow him to the destination, but he stayed between the buildings for a moment, and you watched him shake his head slightly before joining you. “How do we always find ourselves in a cantina? Has anything good ever happened to either of us inside a cantina?” You pushed the fabric of the elaborate dress you wore out of the way as you sat across from Ren. There was a reason you preferred wearing leggings and a robe, and the straps on the dress that not only limited movement but also kept falling down onto your shoulders were reason enough. “Just be patient,” Ren said, his cloaked head moving slightly as he looked around the cantina, gloved hands clasped on top of the table. “Do you want a drink?” You asked casually, or at least in your attempt to be casual. When he didn’t reply, you got up from your booth and made your way to the bar to order anyways. It wasn’t Ren who made you nervous, in fact you felt safest around him, it was everyone else in the cantina you didn’t trust. This was especially true now that you wore such an elaborate costume, causing you to stand out even in a smoky and dusty cantina. Even when doing something so normal as ordering drinks, you had to be attuned to the Force, careful of any incoming threats. You ignored the wolf whistles as you made your way back through the cantina and to your table, setting down the two drinks as you sat. You took a drink from your own glass, and stared towards Ren, who hadn’t touched his. And though he was hiding it well, you could still sense something was off as he stared towards you. Actually, he hadn’t even looked away from you from the moment you had sat down. “Why are you looking at me like that?” You said, grasping the glass in your hand and wrinkling your nose. Though you’d gotten used to how weird he was, he still continued to do things that made you uncomfortable. Seemingly giving you his undivided attention was one of those things. “I’m not-“ He sighed and moved his hands to his lap and leaned forward towards you, “I’m looking for somebody. If you draw any more attention to us you’re going to be the reason we fail this mission.” You narrowed your eyes and resisted the pout that threatened to form on your lips. You’d thought his attitude had been strange, but now you were just angry that he would be so willing to blame the failure of the mission on you. “And here I thought you were just thinking about how good I looked in this dress,” You said bitterly, taking a large gulp from your glass. “Don’t flatter yourself,” Ren replied, and this time he grasped his glass with a gloved hand and downed the drink in one swallow. It was hours before Ren got up to settle the tab and then motion for you to follow him out of the cantina. By then it was nighttime, and the both of you made your way to the ship in darkness. You hadn’t spoken since your disagreement in the cantina, and you weren’t going to be the first to start a conversation. Surprisingly, it was Ren who spoke first once you were back on the ship; “We can’t stay inside tonight. I sensed something was wrong the moment our contact didn’t arrive.” You were too exhausted to argue and just wanted out of the dress, so you changed quickly and then helped Ren set up two tents near the ship. “I’ll take the first watch,” You declared. It was already past midnight once you had set up the tents, and you knew that you wouldn’t be getting a lot of sleep anyways. Even Ren seemed surprised by your kindness. Though he didn’t acknowledge his gratitude, you noticed a calmness come over him, one you were thankful for since you sensed he hadn’t stopped thinking and worrying since you’d left the cantina. Your shift went by rather smoothly, and you were a bit disappointed when you heard Ren emerge from his tent and walk towards you. In the night, the only sounds had been the rustling of trees from wind or animals. You hadn’t even known that Cloud City had such an expanse of nature, and spent much of the night theorizing just how it had gotten there, up in the clouds. It had been many years since you had been to Cloud City, though when you were here last, you hadn't even left the ship. “I can stay up a little longer,” You said, though a yawn betrayed you almost immediately. Ren came to sit next to you without a word, and you knew that he wasn’t in the mood to argue. You retreated to your tent and fell asleep almost immediately. “Chewie, set coordinates for Bespin.” “Have you ever been to Cloud City before?” Han Solo turned and looked at you sideways, then snorted as he gazed out of the Falcon’s dashboard window. When you didn’t reply, he turned towards you once again. “Are you joking, kid?” You looked towards Chewie who merely shrugged, usually unhelpful in these situations. Your brow wrinkled and you smiled weakly as your gaze shifted once again towards Han. “Why would I be joking?” Solo wheeled the pilot’s seat around, crossing his arms in frustration, though a look of confusion spread across his face. “You’re serious?” He begged, “You’ve never heard the story of how we- Luke, Leia and I- How we all met?” You frowned deeply. You’d known of course that the three had been good friends, but nothing more. Master Luke was never one to talk about his past, especially after Ben had left. Solo snorted once again, but this time in good humor. A crooked smile formed on his lips. “Buckle up, kid. This is gonna be a long ride.” You awoke groggily, your head turned towards the entrance of your tent, the entrance that had been opened and now allowed a view through the darkness and towards the ship. You made to bring up an arm to rub at your eyes, but instead found your hand brushing with unfamiliar fabric. A dark figure now came into view, crouched beside you, near the opening of the tent. In your tired state, you only gazed at the figure, focusing on the sounds of insects chirping outside of your makeshift shelter. Fully conscious, you would’ve been frightened, but you were certain that you were lucid dreaming and you fall back into a dreamless sleep once again. The figure moved and you closed your eyes to fall back asleep, but found the warmth of a hand on your cheek. Your eyes were already heavy with sleep, so you only moved your head towards the warmth. The hand, calloused and rough, cupped your cheek, then jaw, and finally down your arm until it, and the figure, finally disappeared. The memory of the figure in your tent was fresh in your mind when you awoke the next morning. You and Ren packed up your tents in silence, until you couldn’t take it anymore. You followed behind him, loading your tent near his in the cargo hold. As he turned, you placed two hands on his shoulders, pushing him back towards the ship. “What the hell were you doing in my tent this morning?” You growled, releasing one hand and igniting your lightsaber. He let out a low chuckle, “I wasn’t in your tent this morning.” “Liar,” You growled, adding more pressure to the one shoulder you still pinned under your hand, “I know what game you’re playing. You’re trying to break me down, make me weak, and make me think I’m crazy. Its not going to work. I’m stronger than you think.” A hearty laugh escaped from under the hood once again, “Then I obviously haven’t seen how strong you are yet, because what I see before me is what I saw months ago when we first met: A weak girl, untrained and foolish.” You bared your teeth but deactivated the lightsaber. You wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of killing him. Hurting him would only show your weakness. “I’ve never trusted you, from the beginning,” You said, releasing your grip on him and walking back out into the clearing. “Now you’re lying to yourself,” Ren’s voice came from behind you, “We have a few hours before we start watch again. Lets get food. Maybe that will allow you to think clearly and I won’t have a completely dysfunctional partner all day.” The last thing you wanted was to sit down at a diner and eat breakfast with Ren like a normal person and completely forget about his lies and tricks, but you couldn’t deny your hunger. You’d been dining on ship portions when you were on missions and cafeteria food when at the base, and actual food sounded incredibly tempting. “Fine,” You finally admitted your defeat, for now. Ren waited for you to join him at his side before the two of you walked out of the clearing and towards the city. “Though, those nightmares you’re having and constantly tossing and turning in your sleep, they will persist without proper meditation.” Then he made his way out of the clearing and towards the city. "And you're right. He did deserve much worse." You watched in awe as he walked ahead of you, dark robe flowing with the wind, his footfalls silent against the grass. You felt as if all of the air had gone out of you, like a balloon. You thought you knew what game he had been playing, but now you weren't sure of anything anymore. Notes: i know my posting schedule has been erratic lately, but i finally made an outline for the next few chapters of this story, to help keep plot points in line. if you're a reader of Trust Me, know that im in the process of writing the last 4 (?) chapters, and that one will be updated wednesday. but lets talk about this chapter! im really enjoying writing kylo as he starts to grow actual feelings, regardless of whether or not he knows exactly how to show them. also, ive been trying to ease in more han solo-isms because, for goodness sakes, he IS han's son trying to get back in the habit of writing is hard but i do it for you all! <3 Chapter 16 : Chapter 16 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He never ate. You’d never seen him eat before. Did he need to? Or did he feed off the fear of his enemies in order to satiate his hunger? He glared down at your plate of food- or, you assumed he was glaring- and you figured that was his non-verbal way of telling you to eat. Truly, you were excited to eat real food, but the revelation that Ren had been the one coming into your tent at night and touching you made you feel sick to your stomach. It wasn’t necessarily the non-consensual act of the thing. The thing that bothered you was that it was a sign of weakness. Kylo Ren was supposed to be the strongest, darkest, most badass Dark Jedi to ever exist; yet here he was, buying you breakfast and stealing a touch of your skin late at night and comforting you when you had nightmares. You hadn’t signed up for any of this. Hadn’t signed up to constantly babysit and be babysat by your partner, hadn’t signed up for abuse from Hux whenever you returned to base, hadn’t signed up for the thin line you’d begun to tread between the Light Side and the Dark Side. And now, you certainly hadn’t signed up for whatever was going on with Ren. You finally stabbed angrily at some of your eggs, stuffing them in your mouth and savoring the way they tasted before you swallowed them. He watched you eat from underneath the hood, unmoving as always. He was always watching you, and it made you uneasy. You were always afraid to do something stupid in front of him, as if he was scrutinizing your every- “Just eat,” He interrupted your thoughts, thoughts that you got the feeling weren’t as private as you believed. You mentally built up the wall in your head while you glared across the table at him. “Ever since we got this new mission you’ve been acting strange,” You snapped. You cut a piece of egg, stuffed it into your mouth, and swallowed quickly. “You can talk to me.” From under the hood, Ren replied, “Conversations built on indignation do not make for the basis of effective dialogue.” You groaned, your mouth full of food, and though he couldn’t see it, you rolled your eyes too, “Being annoyed by you is my only setting.” A sound from underneath the hood, which you translated into a laugh, made the corners of your mouth pull up slightly. “Fine, we don’t have to talk now but in the future, we need to.” You remembered Hux’s warning to you and a chill ran down your spine. But you knew that forcing an answer out of Ren would only cause him to retreat further into himself and feel discouraged to talk about his feelings. You knew it was true, because that’s how you were. “What’s the plan for today?” At the question, a tension surrounding the two of you lifted that you hadn’t even noticed before. You sensed an air of calmness around him now, as if he had truly been anxious about a conversation with you that revolved around anything but work. “Same as yesterday,” He replied, “But we leave tonight, no contact or not.” “Okay,” You hated not being in the loop, and you’d already gotten the feeling that this mission for Master Luke’s lightsaber was going to be Ren carting you around like a piece of luggage. However, you held your tongue. No need to get into an argument about it now. In public. “You’re unpleased,” His voice was low, and in it was actually a small hint of concern that took you aback. “Of course I’m unpleased,” You said in a hushed whisper. If you were going to get into this now, you wouldn’t attract any unneeded attention, “You’ve dragged me here to Bespin and then in twelve hours you’re going to drag me somewhere else. When are you going to stop pulling me along and actually tell me what this mission is about?” Ren sighed and seemed that he would reply, but at that moment, his head turned to the side, away from you. You sensed it too. “We need to leave,” You muttered. Without even a nod, Kylo Ren was up from the booth and you were behind him, jogging through the diner and out into the streets. Immediately you regretted picking up your plate of food and bringing it with you and said a mental good-bye to possibly the last real food you would eat for a while. “Go back to the ship, wait for me there,” Ren was already steps ahead of you, and you jogged to keep up with him in the crowd. “Wait, no,” You scolded, “I’m not staying in the ship, waiting for you to come rescue me. If you truly want to see that I’m capable without you, let me complete the mission on my own. Maybe that will make you trust me.” He stopped walking with you beside him, hands on your hips. After consideration, he nodded. A burst of what felt like butterflies tumbled around in your stomach. “Really?” “Yes,” He replied, though begrudgingly you could tell. “I won’t let you down,” You replied, “I promise you can trust me.” The man in front of you only hm’d in response, before saying, “The man you’re looking for is Lando Calrissian.” You were surprised when your jaw didn’t break on the cement ground when it dropped. You hadn’t even realized you’d stopped breathing until you took a sharp intake of breath upon picking up your jaw. “ Lando Calrissian? ” You hissed, “You’ve got to be kidding! Lando Calrissian works for the First Order?” “Quiet!” Ren whispered back, causing the both of you to look around and make sure nobody was listening, “It’s not as simple as you think. Just meet with him and talk about what we discussed.” The shock was still hitting you in waves, in addition to general nervousness. Han Solo had told you plenty of stories about Lando Calrissian, and to you he was sort of a smuggler legend. Would you have time to ask for advice? Get an autograph? “You’re not focusing,” Ren interrupted, “This is exactly the reason I wanted to lead this mission.” “No!” You almost reached out and grabbed him to show how passionate you were, “No, I can do it. I promise.” You watched his body relax, and in turn, yours did too. “Make sure your blaster is set to stun, and that your lightsaber is handy,” He said the second part with a whisper, and closed the space between the two of you, “If you jeopardize this mission, I promise getting killed will be the least of your worries.” You dared not look up and try to make eye contact, and you realized how stupid you must look. You definitely felt stupid. Like a dog who had just gotten scolded; and you hadn’t even begun the mission yet. Once he was satisfied with your response, or fear, he turned and began to walk back to the ship. By now, it was early afternoon, and as much as you wanted to return to the diner and retrieve your food, you knew you needed to hide. The reason you’d left the diner in the first place was because the both of you sensed something. Whether it was a Resistance trooper or a spy, anyone but Kylo Ren was an enemy to you. You needed to get out of public as quick as possible, because you’d no doubt already caused a bit of a scene with Ren. If they weren’t already watching you, they would be soon, and you needed to get to the cantina and lay low until Calrissian showed. If he showed. You took the back alleyways through Cloud City, only vaguely remembering where the cantina was. However, you were lucky and had the Force to guide you when you got lost. One hand hovered near the lightsaber hidden partially by the cloak you wore over the dress, and the other was ready to lift the dress up and grab the blaster strapped around your thigh. Fortunately, you didn’t need to use either and made it to the cantina safely. Even in the afternoon, the place was busy. It also lacked windows, so any of the light came from holograms, the stage near the back of the main room, or the door. Stepping inside was like plunging into the night. You had no way to monitor the passing of time, so you’d need to get up every couple of hours and look outside. The table you’d shared with Ren the day prior was still open, so you took a seat there. Soon, a waiter came and you ordered yourself a drink. Though you planned on meditating for the majority of your watch, ordering a drink would make you look less suspicious. When your drink came you sipped from it and gave the room a once-over. No signs of Calrissian yet. You closed your eyes and placed your hands on your knees, pushing your back up against the booth and into a comfortable position. Soon all of the sounds from the cantina faded into a murmur, and became but shadows through the Force. It was easy to lose time while you meditated, and in this case that was a benefit. You knew that spending some time off the ship and away from Ren’s presence would do you some good. In fact, meditating alone in the cantina you already felt yourself to begin to attune back to the Light. You hadn’t quite realized how far you’d strayed from your path. Once again, you tried to contact Master Luke or Master Kenobi, or even Ben, but didn’t succeed. You knew that you should just give up trying to contact them, but for some reason the Force wouldn’t let go. And the bond you’d thought had broken from Ben was starting to show itself once again. Though you couldn’t talk to him, sometimes you would be able to feel him, and that gave you enough hope to know that he was still alive, somewhere. You took a rest from meditating to finish your drink and step outside to check the time of day. You gulped down the drink and set the empty glass on the table in front of you, and stepped out of the booth and back outside. The sky was now growing from a dark orange and into a light purple. Twilight. This had been around the time you’d been there the night before. You returned back to your seat and ordered another drink. You were pleasantly surprised with how smoothly the mission was going. Usually something would have gone wrong at this point, but maybe it was because you were on your own again. You found yourself growing nostalgic of being on your own. Though it wasn’t a perfect life, there were perks that you missed. Being able to go where you wanted when you wanted, without having to report back to anybody. Getting all of the money for yourself, eating real food every day. Then, surprisingly, you felt guilty. Thinking of your old life as a smuggler made you feel like you were betraying Ren. Surely he hadn’t chosen this life either. The both of you had been thrown into this job together and the both of you were trying to make the best of it. You were a team now, whether you liked it or not, and you couldn’t abandon your team. You were lost in your thoughts when a shadow stepped into your view. You set the drink back down on the table and looked up, one hand hovering over your lightsaber. He stood with his back to you, and though you’d never met him, you’d know that posture anywhere. A cape was slung over his shoulders, and greying hair even visible in the darkness of the cantina on his head. He even gave off an air of suaveness. “Mr. Calrissian?” You stood from the booth, preparing for the worst but hoping for the best. He turned, and a cocky smile crossed his lips, one you’d seen too many times on Han Solo. “Mr. Calrissian?” His voice was like molasses, “Call me Lando.” “Mr-Lando, Sorry. You’re here to meet me, I assume,” You tried to sound casual, but stumbled over every word, still in awe of the fact that you stood face-to-face with such a legend. “Yes, I assume so,” He motioned to the booth in front of yours, “Lets take a seat, I don’t have much time.” You waited for Lando to sit before you sat back down in your own seat. You reached out and clutched your drink and raised it to your lips automatically, hoping the alcohol would give you some courage. “You’re a Jedi,” Lando’s mouth pulled into a crooked smile, revealing teeth that would brighten up even the dark cantina. You furrowed your brows and set the drink back down on the table in front of you. Was this a test? “Don’t worry,” He chuckled, and waved a hand in your direction in a gesture of understanding, “I’ve deal with many Jedi in my time. Never thought I’d see one again. Of course, the Jedi I was supposed to meet with did sound like a male on the hologram, but…” His voice trailed and he shrugged. “How could you tell?” You asked, becoming self-conscious. Had he seen your lightsaber? Or was it how you carried yourself? Could everyone else tell you were a Jedi by the way you walked? Talked? He shrugged again, flashing another smile your way, “Like I said, I’ve dealt with many Jedi,” He glanced down at your glass, and then back up, “I’ve dealt with the best.” The mention of Luke Skywalker made your nerves go haywire once again. Han Solo had of course told you the stories Master Luke wouldn’t: Working alongside Lando to destroy the second Death Star and his continued help to restore the Republic. You thought you’d been lucky stumbling onto the great Han Solo, but never thought you’d get to meet Lando. You shook your head, “I’m sorry, I’m just a bit starstruck. I worked with Han Solo a few years back and he told me all about you.” “Solo!” Lando shook his head and chuckled, “How is Han?” “He’s…” You sighed. The last time you’d seen Han, he hadn’t spoken to Leia in years, had lost track of his son, and had seemingly lost faith in the galaxy, “He’s Han.” “That’s good to hear,” Lando seemed genuinely pleased with the answer, “He hasn’t sold out like the rest of us.” “If I can ask, why are you working with the First Order?” You pondered. “It’s a little more complicated than that,” Lando waved his hand once again, “Tell me: You’re here about Maz, aren’t you?” You nodded slowly. “What do you need to know?” You bit your lip and lowered your voice, “Is she still on Takodana? Does she truly have Master Luke’s missing lightsaber?” “ Master?” Lando’s eyebrows flew up to the middle of his forehead, but his mouth rested in a smile, “So he did finally make that Jedi Academy he always talked about?” You felt a burst of pride begin to bubble in your chest, and couldn’t help the smile that grew on your face, “Yes. I was one of his students.” “Wow,” Lando nodded slowly, then fell silent, staring up towards the ceiling. Then, he glanced at you, “Yes, Maz has what you’re looking for. But you didn’t hear it from me." “Of course, thank you.” “If you’ll excuse me,” Lando began to rise from his seat, and you followed, “I have another meeting to attend to, but I hope this helped.” You nodded perhaps too vigorously, “It’s all my pleasure, Mr. Calrissian. Honestly, thank you.” “What’s your name again?” Lando rested his hands on his hips, his head cocking to the side, as if getting a better look at you would spark a memory. “You don’t know me,” You shrugged, “But my name is Y/N.” Lando nodded and extended a hand, which you shook, “It was nice meeting you, Y/N. I hope to see you again.” He turned to make his way out of the cantina, but turned around as if he had forgotten something. He smiled, and said, “Y/N, may the Force be with you.” You swallowed hard, but nodded slowly in reply. Then with another smile, Lando turned back around, and disappeared in the crowd. You almost ran back to the ship. Though he wouldn’t care, you wanted to tell Kylo Ren all about your meeting with Lando Calrissian. Lando Calrissian! You needed to tell someone. Your stomach was still in knots when you returned to the ship, and found that there were no tents outside. Apparently your mysterious co-pilot had been serious about wanting to leave that night. You pressed the button on the ship to extend the ramp, and climbed up and into the ship. “I’m back,” You called. The ship was dark, and although that wasn’t abnormal for the time of night, you expected him to be waiting for you in the cockpit. You turned on the lights and moved to inspect the cockpit, but found something else waiting for you. The two Resistance spies from earlier. You’d sensed them at the diner and had lost them once you’d gotten into the cantina. Now they sat in your cockpit seats, as if they had been awaiting your arrival. And they obviously had been, because the only other person they could’ve followed to the ship, the only other person who could’ve mentioned your name to them, lay on the floor beneath them. Unconscious and unmasked. Your eyes moved from his form and back up to them. “What did you do to him?” “We’ll do the same thing to you if you don’t follow our instructions,” One of the Resistance spies got up from his seat and walked towards you. You looked back down to Kylo Ren’s body, and though he was still clothed in his dark Bespin cloak, you could now easily make out dark hair, pale skin, and part of his face. So he is a man after all? You grit your teeth, your hand twitching for the lightsaber on your hip. The spy who’d gotten up saw your hand, and then turned to his friend, “She’s a Jedi! He didn’t mention she was a Jedi.” Confusion for the moment set in. Why wouldn’t he have told them you were a Jedi? Had he been trying to protect your identity? “You’re a Jedi,” The spy looked back towards you, and now his mouth was twisted in a smile, “Your return to the Resistance will be worth twice as much now.” “It’s not worth it, using the lightsaber,” The other one chimed in from where he sat in the shadows of the cockpit, “You attack us and I send out a request for rescue to the Resistance. It would be better for you to just do as we say, darling.” Damn it! You knew you could easily kill them within seconds, but all he had to do was press a button and send out a communications signal and you’d be worse than dead. The Resistance would be on your trail once again. However, if you somehow incapacitated them with the Force, maybe even tricked one of them into stepping away from the on-board comm, it would give you enough time to reroute and head into hiding. “Fine,” You sighed, feigning defeat, “Just tell me where to go.” The other spy stood up from his seat and you pushed past him to take the seat. You began prepping the ship for takeoff, pausing for only a moment to look at your partner’s unconscious body. “When I reach lightspeed, you wake him up,” You swiveled the chair around, “You have his lightsaber, right?” You’d noticed it hanging from the belt of the second spy when he’d gotten up to give you his seat, “He’s basically powerless without it. And I’ll keep a good eye on him, I’m kind of the leader.” You watched as the two men huddled together in discussion, hoping they’d believe your lie. In the meantime, you still stared down at Kylo Ren. Though you had no problem being on your own and winging it, you missed the reassuring feeling of having another Jedi on your side. Being alone with two other non-Force users reminded you too much of the time you spent smuggling, and forcing yourself to forget the Force. “Okay,” One of them finally said, and your eyes perked up to where they stood in the back of the cockpit, near the doorway, “But no funny business.” You held up your hands in mock surrender, before turning back to the controls. One of the men came to tell you the coordinates and although you punched them in and took the ship out of the Bespin atmosphere and into hyperspace, you had another location in mind. One that was just far enough away for your plan to work. Hopefully. Notes: im posting this at midnight my time and im exhausted from class all day + socializing tonight so i apologize for any errors in this chapter that i've missed by my shoddy proofreading. i'll take another look at it tomorrow when i'm not half asleep! hope you liked this chapter! part face reveal and whole face reveal next week! how would you like reader to react? im kind of on the fence about two different scenarios: should she recognize him immediately, or should he look so different (possibly facial scarring, etc.) that she doesn't recognize him at all??? let me know in the comments where you think it should go! thank you for all the comments and kudos every week, i love you all! <3 (p.s i like to think post-rotj lando is just chilling on cloud city, living life. he deserves it.)