arc 3 - first meeting Hux slowly blinked, trying to concentrate on the teacher in front of him, failing miserably at it though and let his eyes wander over the rest of the students, behind him is the seat still empty and he sighs, that weird guy from the field, Kylo he recalls the name.His dreams has gotten more weird and he needs to talk to him, because for some reason Hux couldn’t place, he feels more calm when he is around. After ten more minutes the door get opened and the tall one Hux just thought about sneaks to his seat, grumbling under his breath about his piece of trash motorbike not working and that he had to take the public transport instead. After the lesson Hux finds himself leaning back, getting the attention of Kylo he asks in a hushed tone, “Do you have time later today? I need to talk to you….about the whole dream thing.” he gets a huff as an answer and a paper slipped over his shoulder. “I have, meet me after Latin in the parking lots for students?” Hux nods barely and pays attention to the teacher who just started scribbling something on the board in the front. After Latin, which was terrible boring for Hux, so he flicked through his notes in his journal, he stands in the parking lot scrolling through the notifications on his phone, hearing the loud swearing besides him he looks up and sees Kylo approaching him. “I fucking hate the teacher for talking my ear off.” Kylo grumbles and strides towards the exist of the parking lot, Hux follows and hums. Agreeing silently with that. “So what do you want to talk about exactly? Besides the dreams, I mean.” “Ah well, I barely slept for one and secondly the dreams are creeping me out.” “What kind of dreams are you having?-” Kylo asks while stepping into the train they waited for and taking a seat by the window. “You might wanna sit down it will take awhile to get to my place.” Sitting down in front the other, Hux frowns and takes a minute to gather his thoughts. “Well, the dream i remember the most is the one where the ravens, crows whatever, are whispering that i need to go back and Im utterly confused because, going back there?.” Kylo looks at Hux with an indefinable gaze. “You mentioned at our first meeting a forest, maybe that’s what they mean?” He shifts, looking out the window and bites his lower lip. “They also could mean something different.” Hux looks back to him, “Which would be?” “Mh, im gonna go there and say, that you’re a reincarnation of an old king? And thus need to go back there, as in time, or something similar to that.” Hux scoffs, “Yeah let me get my time machine real quick.” Kylo groans and gets up. “There might be a thing we can try though. If you’re trusting me.” “Im not trusting you more than i can throw you, which is not very far.” Kylo chuckles at that reply and motions Hux to get up since they need to get off the train. Following the other they walked towards the woods and lets out a shaky exhale. “You alright?” Kylo asks and turns to him. Hux ears are buzzing with the sounds of leaves rustling and birds shouting into the twilight. Come closer, raven king. Swords and shields have not saved you. But we will. “Hux? Hux!” He felt the sounds growing louder and then silence, and then darkness. Chapter 2 : Arc 3 - house party The music thrummed through the street and vibrated against Hux feet and in his chest. the party was organized by someone he didn’t know but hey, if you can drink away the nightmares he doesn’t care who it threw. at some point someone nudged Hux and shot him a grin, “5 bucks that you won’t kiss the creepy goth boy who stares at you in latin.” Hux laughs and knocks back the rest of his drink and walks over to Kylo, the boy the unknown person was meaning. “Play along, mage-boy.” he muttered and nibbled at the other's lips. Kylo shuddered and instantly grabbed his spine, pulling him closer and ignored the loud cheering from the people around them, someone might have whooped. “Pleased enough Ravenking?” Kylo hummed after they parted again and drank in the sight of the ginger hair being messed, and lips red from the teeth dragging across them. “How? That was barely anything I’m used from you.”