Rey held the letter in both her hands, the way she had for much of the carriage trip. She had taken it out of her pocket, unfolded it, traced over the contents, folded it again and put it swiftly back in the confines of the plain beige fabric of her skirts several times. By now, it was creased and worn, and to her served as a kind of metaphor for her tiredness. Each jolt of the carriage woke her from any semblance of slumber, and as she peeled back the curtain and gazed out into the countryside she could see little. The sun was quickly disappearing behind a long line of trees. ‘If R.K – who advertised in the Ileenium Herald of last Thursday, possesses the acquirements mentioned; and if she is in a position to give satisfactory references as to character and competency; a situation can be offered her where there is but one pupil, a little girl, under ten years of age; and where the salary is thirty pounds per annum. R.K is requested to send references and all particulars to the direction: Mrs Kanata, Thornfield Hall.” The lettering was unsteady, the lines a little uneven. Rey imagined a woman getting on in years, writing by candlelight with poor vision and a shaky hand. The carriage that had come to collect her was late, and the footman seemed hardly perturbed by the small size of her luggage. From this she surmised that Mrs Kanata was not a woman of great airs and graces, which pleased her. Rey had spent the past eight years at the Jakku School for girls. Though the years before that had been spent in relative luxury, after the death of the father she could barely remember she had been sent to live with her Aunt Reed and her three children – John, Georgiana and Eliza. They never loved her - that much was plain. Rey found herself growing closer to the maids than her would-be maternal figure. John Reed frequently reminded her of her place in the world. “Rat!” he would yell at her, grabbing at her hair as she yelped in pain. “Mama says you are a dependent and you have no money. Your father left you none. You live off of our scraps and mama’s charity. You ought to be begging on the streets, and not living here with gentlemen’s children like us, eating the food we do, and wearing clothes at mama’s expense.” Rey shuddered as the carriage rattled on through the night, stroking the envelope in her hands. She hoped Mrs Kanata would not be of their ilk, especially seeing as she doubted she could wallop an old woman in the way she had deflected John. Rey straightened her back. She had to remind herself she was not a little girl anymore. The letter in her hands proved that. Rey was a woman of eighteen with an occupation. Should this position prove undesirable, she had the freedom to move elsewhere. Her thoughts travelled to the little girl mentioned in the letter. Who was she to Mrs Kanata? A granddaughter? And if that were the case... what had become of her parents? Rey’s eyes searched the letter once more. No mention of the child’s name. The letter presented her, through absence of information, as a nameless little girl with no parents... the thought made her heart twinge. After a time, the carriage came to an abrupt halt. Rey tumbled forward, her bonnet falling off of her head and covering her eyes. By the time she had righted herself, the footman had opened the door and unfolded the stairs. He held out a hand to her, but she pressed her lips together in a wan smile and got herself down the stairs with no trouble. If the man was offended by her rejection of his gentlemanly courtesy, he did not show it. As he went to retrieve her bag, Rey lifted her eyes towards Thornfield hall. There was not much to make out in the darkness, save for candles in some of the windows. One near what Rey supposed to be the entrance, and the other in a tall tower, so high it almost appeared as some kind of flickering star. She blinked several times in quick succession as the breeze blew across her face. When her gaze fell on the high candle again, it suddenly went out. She shivered. “Miss Kenobi?” queried the footman, who appeared puzzled at her hesitation. Rey nodded to him, and followed after as they made their way up the stairs. The door opened to a long hallway, and Rey followed through into a larger, though still cosy, sitting area. The fireplace was lit, sending flickering shadows across the room that seemed to emphasise its lack of colour. The walls were a very dark, grim grey, but even from where she stood Rey could see cobwebs in the corners. She jumped at a sudden loud snore from the armchair. Rey could see a woman, small as a child, whose bony hands were clutching at a book in her lap, precariously close to falling onto her foot. The man behind her cleared his throat loudly. “Mrs Kanata-“ the woman jumped up, and cursed as the aforementioned tome thumped down on her shoe. “Mr Mitaka. Stop creeping amongst the shadows and announce yourself properly, with dignity, next time. Is your occupation supposed to involve scaring old women half to death every time you enter a room?” Mrs Kanata had pushed her glasses up her nose and, despite her diminutive height, looked almost intimidating as she glared up at the man. Mitaka, to his credit, did not shrink back, though Rey noticed an unmistakeable sheen of sweat on his brow. She bit back the urge to laugh. Mitaka cleared his throat once more, “Mrs Kanata, I am sorry to disturb you at this late hour, but this is the new governess. Miss Rey Kenobi.” “Yes, yes, I know her name. You may leave.” Mrs Kanata had transferred her gaze from the footman to Rey as she stood in the centre of the room, her bag clutched tightly in her hands. She prepared herself for a cold glare, or a lecture akin to the one she had just launched at the unsuspecting footman. Instead, Mrs Kanata smiled freely. Rey’s eyes widened almost imperceptibly before she smiled back. “Thank you for accepting me for this position, Mrs Kanata. It is truly an honour to be able to work in such a grand house.” “Grand? No one has considered this house grand for a very long time. No doubt you have noticed the cobwebs and dust. Come, girl, sit by the fire. We must acquaint ourselves, for we will be spending an excessive amount of time together in this house!” Mrs Kanata withdrew and returned with a pot of tea and two glasses. Though the hour was late, she could not bring herself to refuse the old woman, who had gained a twinkle in her eye at the prospect of chatting with another soul. “It must get terribly lonely, in a big house like this. Do you have many other servants?” Rey said after a time. Mrs Kanata burst out laughing, and Rey jumped and spilled a few drops of tea on her dress. “Heavens, no! What do you mean, child? Why should I have servants?” Rey felt her face heating up. “I only meant... you own such a large property, one would think you would need assistance with-“ “Dear child, I do not own Thornfield hall! I am merely its housekeeper.” Rey was puzzled. “Then, the little girl, she is not your granddaughter?” She was rather ashamed at having made so many assumptions, though the letter was proving itself to have been exceedingly vague. “You have quite an imagination, Miss Kenobi. What an idea! Babette Huit is Mr Ren’s ward. He commissioned me to find a governess for her. She does not speak English very well, having not been in the country more than six months. Miss Huit is a dear little thing, she has really brightened my days.” Mrs Kanata leaned forward and clasped Rey’s hands in her own. “I believe we shall all get on splendidly, I cannot express to you how it will warm me to have more company. There is Miss Phasma, but she can be such a bore, and Finn and Mr Dameron – ah, well, I find men cannot converse with old women in a satisfactory manner.” Rey’s head was swimming at the new information brought to her. She had expected to be answering only to Mrs Kanata, and had looked forward to the prospect when she had determined her to be of good character. But now... in a way, she felt emboldened and comforted by the fact that their easy friendship was no condescension. Mrs Kanata was no great lady; she was a dependent as well. “Who is this Mr Ren?” Rey asked at last. “Forgive me, you must think I am terribly uninformed.” “He is a good master, always civil, and I could not ask for more,” Mrs Kanata explained simply. She patted Rey’s hands with her own and withdrew them. “Ah, but look at the time! I will show you to your room, dear.” Rey was astounded at the sight of her room, so much so that she felt her entire face light up in a smile. Mrs Kanata glanced at her and let out a light laugh, “My goodness Miss Kenobi, you do have such a smile!” After saying a kind goodnight, Rey closed the door and squealed with delight as she ran around the room, admiring the floral wallpaper, so unlike the unseemly wooden planks at Jakku. There was a wooden alcove by the window where she could sit and stare out at the grounds in the daytime. She even had her own little fireplace, which gave her a thrill as she remembered the long, hard nights spent shivering under a thin cotton blanket. She sat a few minutes at the dressing table, upon which sat a high backed mirror, slightly rusted at the edges. Rey surveyed her reflection – she had always been plain and presentable, and she decided that her surroundings suited her very well. Rey jumped onto the bed, spreading her arms wide as she stared up at the ceiling. The bed was so comfortable she could have sworn she was a bird floating on a cloud. She felt her spirit soaring with the knowledge that for the first time in her life, she felt she was going somewhere, making a life for herself. She got up again, somewhat reluctantly, to dress herself in her nightgown for bed. As she drifted off, her thoughts went to her mysterious employer, a strange sense of anxiety niggling at the edges of her consciousness as she was embraced by blissful dark. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey awoke that morning feeling refreshed and ready for the day’s activities. She dressed in her usual beige muslin, and tidied her hair in the manner with which she had become accustomed – three buns at the back of her head. She surveyed her complexion in the mirror briefly, taking in her pale appearance, and turning her gaze to the window she noted it was such a bright, beautiful day that she should like to spend some time outdoors in the sun. “Good morning, Miss Kenobi!” Mrs Kanata said cheerily when she entered the kitchen. “An early riser, I see!” “It is my favourite time of the day,” Rey explained, recalling the days at Jakku when she would get up just as the sun rose, setting up her easel on a hill to paint. She accepted a bowl of fruit from the older woman. “When will I have the pleasure of meeting Mr Ren and his ward?” Mrs Kanata snorted. “Oh, do not expect to be seeing much of Mr Ren. I know not when he will return to Thornfield, he spends much of his time away.” “Oh,” Rey said simply. She could not explain why she felt quite so disappointed at this news. “And Mademoiselle Huit?” “I will take you to her once I give you a tour of Thornfield, now that it is light you will be able to see better. You may even spot the other servants hiding about.” Mrs Kanata was clearly amused with herself. “Why would they be hiding?” Rey chuckled. “Surely they’re not afraid of me.” “No, my dear, they are afraid of me. I instil fear in the hearts of the bravest of men.” She cackled, then, such a large sound for a small woman. “It’s the eyes, you see. You live long enough and you see the same eyes in different people. I know how to read people, you cannot hide a thing from an old woman like me.” Rey tilted her head to the side, considering. “And what do you see in my eyes?” Mrs Kanata stepped forward and placed her hands on either side of Rey’s face, tilting her own face upwards to examine her. “I see spirit like a tempest... bravery and strength. Kindness derived from suffering.” “That’s a lot to gather from simply one’s eyes!” Rey exclaimed, moving backwards a little uncomfortably. It was as if the woman could see right through her, as if in one glance she had laid bare her innermost fears. In the dark corners of her past there was a room with crimson walls, haunted by ghosts and nightmares. It was a place she had no desire of returning to. “I think I am ready to meet the rest of the household,” Rey said at last, placing her bowl on the table with enough noise to draw Mrs Kanata’s prying eyes from her own. If Thornfield hall had seemed grand and mysterious upon her arrival the previous evening, it was even more so when fully lit. Rey’s eyes widened as she caught sight of the decorated wood panelling in the hallway. “Is this blackthorn?” she gasped, tracing over the etching of a trio of angels. Mrs Kanata made a face. “I have no idea. How have you come to know of such things?” “I spent a lot of time reading at Jakku. We had so many books on the historical houses and churches of England. I just always thought they were so beautiful. To think some families get to live for generations in these beautiful old estates... I spent hours imagining myself in a home like this.” Mrs Kanata chuckled. “And now you reside at Thornfield! I must say, architecture is a strange fascination for a young woman.” “I like to make things. To paint and draw... but also to build. Clearly not large estates, but I made trinket boxes and dolls and such for the girls at Jakku. We never had such fine wood... but I imagine basswood is a lot easier to engrave.” “Ah, so the lady has skill with a knife. We must all sleep with one eye open,” a handsome man with tan skin and dark eyes rounded the corner and swept into a low bow. His accent was smooth and American, and served to highlight his charm. “Mr Ren does seem to have a habit of collecting dangerous women under this roof,” Mrs Kanata said quickly. From their previous discussion Rey assumed she was referring to herself in jest, but she did not miss the quick glance of wide-eyed warning that the man shot her. Mrs Kanata pressed her lips into a thin line. Rey did not have time to dwell on her observations. “Poe Dameron, the cook.” He swept into a low bow. “Rey Kenobi, pleased to make your acquaintance.” “BB-8 was so excited to hear of your arrival, she was making the most ridiculous squealing noises that I could have sworn she was some kind of haywire automaton.” “BB-8?” Rey asked. Mrs Kanata sighed. “Mademoiselle Huit, who Mr. Dameron seems incapable of addressing by her correct title.” Poe smiled and the sight was momentarily blinding. Rey blinked a few times to recover herself. “She finds the English language so amusing.” Poe and Mrs Kanata accompanied Rey out into the garden. It was rather bare in the autumnal season, the ground littered with leaves in shades of red that blew around in circles. A man in white overalls was cleaning the grounds with a rake, catching the leaves before they begun their dance and pushing them into a sack. He looked up as the trio came into a view and docked his hat. “’Morning, Miss!” he said cheerily, planting the rake in the dirt and leaning against it. “This here is Finn, only the most talented landscaper in England,” Poe drawled. Finn made a face, “only in England?” Rey could tell from their easy company that these were close friends. “It is a beautiful garden,” she said. “It looks like in Spring it would be full of green. I’m afraid Jakku was frightfully dreary. Rather too much grey for my liking.” A kind of dark shadow crossed Finn’s face. “Jakku?” Rey met his eyes in surprise. “The girls’ home. I lived there these past eight years. Are you familiar with the institution?” Finn stared at her for a moment before shaking his head. “No, miss. Can’t say I’ve heard of it.” He smiled at her again, less enthusiastic this time, and turned back to the leaves. Poe looked apologetic, and shrugged. “Poe!” Rey whirled around at the noise, and a blur of red and white collapsed into Poe’s arms as he laughed broadly. A little girl, skin white as porcelain and hair a bright ginger hue gazed up at him adoringly. Mrs Kanata introduced Rey to Babette, who immediately threw her arms around her and announced she would not simply be her governess; they would be the best of friends. Mrs Kanata joined Rey when she returned to the hall to gather some books and her sketchbook, but their companionable silence was interrupted by a strange, off-kilter cackle. Rey whirled around, supposing the sound to be a lot closer than it seemed to be, for there was no one in sight. She heard it again, a preternatural, doleful sound unlike anything she had ever heard. It sent shivers racing through her. “What was that?” she asked the old woman, whose eyes were darting around the room. “Oh, nothing, dear. Just Miss Phasma, probably. Miss Phasma!” Rey did not expect the woman to make a sudden entrance, but that she did, as though she had been listening around the corner. She was a very tall woman, broad and big-boned, with a shock of white-blond hair. “Too much noise, Phasma. Remember directions!” The woman curtseyed, an almost comical thing given her size, and shot Rey a look of uninhibited distaste before making an unhurried exit. Rey sat with Babette on the grass after their first lesson. She took her sketches and some paintings from her satchel and Babette’s eyes widened. “Magnifique, Mademoiselle Kenobi!” she exclaimed. “Please, just call me Rey.” Babette’s eyes widened, and she smiled a toothy grin. “That is... how you say? The sun,” she pointed a slender hand at the sky and gestured downwards in a fluttering motion. Rey nodded in understanding. “It is spelled differently, but yes – like a ray from the sun. You’re very clever.” “Monsieur Ren despises the sun, he says it is bad for the complexion,” Babette said, scrunching up her face. She twirled a strand of red hair around her finger and stared absently at the grass. Rey frowned. Surely the man would not be so unyielding as to prevent the child from playing in the sun. Babette’s skin was remarkably pale, but then so was Rey’s. She glanced up at the sky, where clouds still loomed, ever-present as the autumnal gloom around them. “Monsieur Ren is mistaken, the sun is excellent for the skin. And your health. We will be studying outdoors from now on, providing it does not rain.” Ren’s opinion be damned. Babette’s face lit up. “Vous moi apprendre à peindre?” She grabbed one of Rey’s paintings from her satchel and pressed her face close to the paper. “Yes, I will teach you to paint. Only if you can beat me to the bottom of the hill!” Rey jumped up and grabbed her skirts, running headlong down the grassy knoll. Babette burst into laughter and instead of running after her, began a series of forward-rolls. She arrived at the bottom several seconds after Rey, but when she looked up, face flushed and red hair dishevelled, she said, “lentement mais surement, on réussit!” Slow and steady wins the race. She looked so proud of herself that Rey found herself nodding and laughing. “Tomorrow morning,” she said as Babette got to her feet, “we will begin with still-life acrylic.” “I shall create something beautiful for Monsieur Ren, and he will love it and me all the more for such a gift,” Babette grinned, dusting off her skirts. Despite her boisterous personality, there was something of the makings of a lady in her. Rey studied Babette carefully, Mrs Kanata’s earlier words returning to her. Do not expect to be seeing much of Mr Ren. I know not when he will return to Thornfield, he spends much of his time away. It was not difficult to imagine the loneliness Babette would feel, that the closest she had to family seemingly abandoned her for such frequent and long periods of time, in a country foreign to her. Rey never really had a family to abandon her, because she had never loved her Aunt Reed and her cousins as she should have. No matter how hard she tried to make them love her, they hated her even more. Sending her to Jakku had been somewhat of a relief – although it had been hard, cold and trying, she had preferred living there to living with the Reeds. But Babette did love Mr Ren - that much was clear. She doted on him. The loss of his presence must hurt all the more. The girl was spoiled, but she was also lonely. No amount of frilly dresses and expensive dolls could make up for the absence of her family. She wanted to ask what had become of the child’s parents, and though she was prone to assuming and reading between the lines, she felt like Babette was a map better left unread for the time being. It was getting dark by the time the two returned to the house, but after Rey sent Babette to bed she still found she had energy. It was as if Babette had restored some vitality to her, invigorated her with newfound purpose. She decided she would look for some flowers to arrange for tomorrow’s painting lesson. After dressing in her warmer brown cloak, Rey found an empty basket in the kitchen and slung it over her wrist. A quick perusal of the grounds gave her an unsatisfactory collection of drooping daisies, and she surveyed her sad little collection with distaste. She resolved to venture out of the grounds and onto the road, where she imagined among the trees she might find some bluebells or jonquils. Though unlikely in the beginning of autumn, Rey considered herself an optimist – she would return to Thornfield with something more impressive than half dead stalks. Leaves and twigs crunched underfoot as Rey made her way out into the gloom. It was quickly getting dark, but she could still see ahead of her, and if she followed the road there was no chance of becoming lost. To her delight, she found some bluebells, a little browned, but they provided a pretty contrast to her other flowers. After she knelt and picked them from the ground, placing them carefully in the basket, she noticed the fog that was swimming about her ankles. It had come on so quickly, creeping through the trees and surrounding her in a haze she could hardly see through. There was a chill in the air, now, and she pulled the hood of her cloak over her head to warm herself. Through the trunks in the distance came a strange, guttural howl that was almost human, almost like a word. Her heart beat hard in her chest and her breaths came faster. “H-hello?” she called out, wondering if it was someone in pain. Suddenly, something brushed past her, and Rey jumped back out of the way. She tripped on a root and fell in the middle of the road, and when she finally recollected herself she looked up to see a huge dog, long brown fur covering its body, large fangs posed ready to bite. Rey couldn’t help herself - she screamed. Out of nowhere, a horse reared directly behind her, and the figure atop it pulled its reins back, hard. The horse bucked, and the rider went flying. Rey could only stare in horror at the person lying sprawled on the ground near her, unmoving. She got to her feet in a rush and headed over to the man who lay there, the man who, in one quick movement, had both saved her life and possibly mortally injured himself. “I’ve killed him...” Rey whispered, blanching. She put a hand over her mouth. The dog, who she had completely forgotten about, padded around its master and began to lick his face, whining. He did not seem such a fearsome beast now, it seemed the beast was Rey herself. She crept closer to the man, intent on turning him over and surveying what she had done. He moved suddenly, waving his arm at the dog. “Get away, Chewie,” he grumbled in a deep tone. “Oh my god,” she breathed. “Your voice is the best sound I have ever heard in my life.” The man groaned in response, flipping himself onto his back and reaching down to grab his leg. “I thought you were a witch, but clearly you are a siren materialised from the fog, intent on sorcery through seduction. You flatter me to get me to drop my guard after making me fall from my horse.” Rey’s face flamed in indignation at his insinuations. “It is the best sound I have yet heard, sir, simply because it means I am not a murderer.” He finally removed his arm from where he had flung it across his face. Though it was darker now, almost too dark to ascertain his features, the sun had not yet completely disappeared and provided scant light. He observed Rey from his uncomfortable position on the ground, his face angled upwards. He had strong features, but not those that would be classified as traditionally handsome. His nose was long and aquiline, and he had full lips that seemed poised in a kind of permanent smirk. His complexion was marked by a few large freckles on his otherwise pale skin. “Do you... require assistance?” Rey said after a moment, pulling her cloak tighter around herself in the growing chill. The man snorted derisively and began to stumble to his feet unaided. It was not without effort, Rey could see how he winced when he applied pressure to his leg. When he stood at his full height, Rey was startled to find the man was the tallest she had ever met. His chest was broad, accentuated by the black coat he wore. He blew strands of his wayward dark hair away from his face and surveyed her calculatingly. “I cannot in good faith leave you here, sir, considering I was the cause of your accident,” Rey said. “If you are not my murderer, then you must be my saviour,” he eyed the basket that had fallen from her hands. “You can leave your cauldron and assist me.” Rey bristled, but she turned back to him and raised an eyebrow. He gestured towards his horse, a huge dark thing like himself that had not gone too far away. “Bring my horse over, unless you’re afraid.” There was a teasing lilt in his deep voice that constituted a dare, and it made her more determined to complete the task despite the fact she had very little experience with horses. Rey walked over to the beast and tenderly picked up its reins. It snorted loudly, causing her to jump and drop them, but she recovered quickly. “Don’t be afraid,” the man said softly, though if he were speaking to her or the horse she could not be certain. He seemed the type to speak to everyone with an air of command. She had seen his fine clothes and his regal bearing, perhaps he considered her the same level as his horse. Nonetheless, she had injured him, so she was resolved to helping him. Bracing herself, Rey pulled gently, trying to coax it forward. When it dug its hooves in, she cursed inwardly for its obstinacy and pulled harder. Her face was growing red both from strain and embarrassment as she felt the man’s eyes on her, studying her every move. There was something intense in his gaze, as though he possessed a force within him to look into her very thoughts. As though he could lay bare all thoughts of her shortcomings. She shied away from it and went back to her task. At last, she dropped the reins and sighed loudly. The man chuckled in response. “I’m sorry, I cannot do it. I live nearby, I can fetch you some help.” She looked at his face again, and there was undeniable amusement in his eyes that offset the coldness of his manner. “Do you live in that large estate down the drive?” he asked, pointing towards Thornfield. Rey nodded. “It is a short walk, I can return within-“ “And you are...” his eyes dropped to her dress, and Rey was suddenly self-conscious of her plain attire. She was clearly no lady, nor a lady’s maid. She only possessed two dresses, exactly the same in beige muslin that crossed over at the front, the one that was less worn being the one she wore to church on Sundays. Her cloak was a dull brown. He knit his brow, clearly finding it difficult to place her, and his eyes dropped to the basket at her feet once more. “You are... a scavenger?” His tone was dismissive. Rey coloured in indignation. “The governess, sir. Recently employed.” “Ah, the governess,” he said, as though he should have known. “Whose house is it?” “Mr Ren’s.” “And do you know Mr Ren?” “No, I have not had the pleasure of making his acquaintance.” “He is not there now, then?” Rey shook her head. “He is often away, so I am told.” Mirth danced in his dark, cold eyes. “Forgive me, but I have been travelling long and can’t afford to wait here any longer in the cold. I live nearby, I can get myself home but I need assistance getting to my horse. Since you are here... come,” the man gestured towards himself. Hesitantly, Rey neared him, and he put a strong, unhesitating hand over her shoulder and took a limping step forward. He hissed in pain and leaned further into her. Rey was suddenly overwhelmed by his closeness, the feeling of his limbs brushing against hers as they slowly moved together. He was much taller than her, and she could feel his laboured breath ghosting in her hair. She had never been this close to a man, let alone a complete stranger. As she guided him forward, he stumbled a little, and held fast to her waist for support. Without moving her head, Rey’s eyes darted to his, meeting for a fraction of a second. He moved his hand back to her shoulder. After what seemed like an age, and yet not long enough to deprive her of the lingering, not unpleasant sensation of his large hand at her waist, he swung himself up onto the creature’s back with a pained grunt. Once he had settled himself in the saddle, he looked down at Rey again and she half expected him to make another jibe about witchcraft and sorcery, to deride her for causing his fall. He simply said, “thank you. You should complete your scavenge and return quickly, it is getting late.” A touch of spurred heel and the horse bounded away, the dog at its hooves. As quickly and mysteriously as they had appeared, all three had vanished into the gloom, leaving Rey puzzled in their wake. Rey took her time in her return to Thornfield – passing through its gates after what had transpired felt like waking from a surreal kind of dream. The wild, untamed outside was such a contrast to the carefully gardened lawn with its hedges in rows. She had found some nuts and blackberries on her walk, but she would find no such treasures in Thornfield’s garden. Rey admired Finn’s skill, but she could not help but feel as though it was too orderly, too restricted, the wisteria never allowed to reach over the statues, the trees never permitted to touch by a single leaf. There was no wildness here, and it was the wildness she thirsted for. In her mind’s eye, she saw a flash of the stranger on the road, the way he had stared at her with that unbridled power in his eyes. That kind of unpredictability could never possibly be found at Thornfield. When she finally entered the hall, Rey jerked back in surprise when she saw a great, hairy dog lying by the window, fast asleep. She frowned, blinked. It was the very same dog she had seen with the stranger on the road. “Mr Dameron?” she asked the man as he passed her with a tray of food. “Hmm?” “Who does that dog belong to?” “Mr Ren. He has returned, finally, but he had an accident on the road. We have sent for a surgeon.” Notes: Not super happy with this chapter! But hopefully it will pick up from here now that I've introduced almost everyone. Stay tuned!