It was raining when they stepped out of the theater. Actually, “raining” didn’t even begin to cover it. It looked like someone had cut open the sky and a shitload of rain had come pouring out. Finn grimaced from under the temporary protection of the cinema’s awning. This wouldn’t be too much of a problem if only Poe’s car weren’t parked three blocks away. Or if Finn had an umbrella. Damn, why didn’t he bring an umbrella? It seemed like whenever he brought one it turned out to be a perfectly sunny day, but when he didn’t bring one it poured buckets. Or pools, in this case. “Should we make a break for it?” he asked Poe, turning his head to look at him and raising his voice to be heard over the rain. Poe grinned, looking rather smug. Maybe because he was standing nice and protected under an orange and black striped umbrella. “Oh, come on,” Finn groaned. “No fair.” “Hey, it’s not my fault you didn’t come prepared!” “Yeah, whatever, Boy Scout.” That made Poe laugh. Poe had a nice laugh. Finn liked hearing him laugh, and he liked being the one to compel him to. “Well, what are you waiting for?” Poe asked, grinning. “Get over here.” Finn raised an eyebrow in question. Poe sighed dramatically, mocking exasperation. “Lucky for you I am an excellent friend who is willing to rescue you from this preposterous weather. Despite your teasing, might I add. We can share my umbrella, come on!” Poe beckoned to him impatiently. Finn rolled his eyes, because honestly, Poe couldn’t really believe they would both fit under that umbrella. It appeared to be smaller even than a regular umbrella, if that were possible, and those were only made for one. But he shuffled forward anyway because he knew it was pointless to argue with Poe in situations like this. He always had to do everything he could to help out his friends whenever they needed it, even for silly situations like this one, and it was best to just let him. (Finn had learned that lesson the hard way.) Perhaps he should’ve thought the decision through more, however, because the moment he stepped under the damn thing (or tried to, anyway. It really was very small) he realized he’d made a terrible mistake. ‘Cause you see, the thing is—the thing is that it was a very small umbrella. Which meant that he had to stand very close to Poe to even attempt to stand under it. And the thing is that Poe’s face was right there, so, so close, and his eyes were twinkling and he was grinning that stupid, too-pleased-with-himself, annoyingly charming grin. And the thing is that maybe there was potentially a small possibility that Finn had more-than-just-friend feelings for Poe. Maybe. Possibly. Definitely. And the thing is, his eyes were having a very hard time not looking at Poe’s lips. (In his defense, Poe had really nice lips.) “Um,” Finn stated eloquently. I should probably say something, right? That’s what someone who wasn’t totally in love with having feelings for their best friend would do in this situation? How do I words again? “Did you really just use the word preposterous in a sentence?” is what came out of his mouth. He didn’t know how he managed to speak, let alone form a complete sentence, but he was grateful for it. For a moment, Poe seemed dazed, almost as if he’d been shocked out of a trance, but then he laughed softly and turned away to look at the rain-soaked street in front of them. “Yes, yes I did. Are you ready?” Finn took a moment to mourn the loss of the awning’s shelter before he nodded. “Let’s go.” Together they darted out into the rain, hunched under the umbrella, and ran across the street before turning right in the direction of Poe’s car. Finn was finding it very hard to concentrate on staying dry and not tripping over his own feet when Poe’s body was pressed against his from their shoulders to their hips, and his body heat seemed to be radiating off of him in waves, despite the cold. But he managed. We’ve gone two blocks, we should almost be there by now… he thought, trying to distract himself from the coldness that seemed to be spreading from his shoulder—which was unable to fit under the umbrella and therefore rain-soaked—to the rest of his body, making him shiver. Maybe that wasn't the only reason he needed a distraction. He squinted through the sheets of rain, and sure enough, there was Poe’s black and orange Jeep just a few cars away. “I see Black One up ahead!” he yelled, and it felt like a victory, like they were almost at the finish line of a race and they were going to be the first ones to cross it. Poe seemed to have the same feeling, because he let out a whoop of excitement and sped up his pace, making Finn rush to keep up. When they reached it, Poe thrust the umbrella at Finn and hugged his Jeep. Finn laughed, because it was a very Poe thing to do, and he didn’t miss the feel of his body next to his, not at all. “I’ve never been more happy to see you, baby,” Poe said. Poe’s car—his baby —was very important to him. He kept it in excellent condition, talked to it like it was sentient, and made everyone refer to it as Black One (Finn has no idea why). Usually Finn rolled his eyes when Poe did things like this, but right then he couldn’t help but share Poe’s elation, more than eager to get out of the damn rain already. He wasn’t going to hug the car, though. Once Poe finally let go of the car (after a pointed “Do you want me to leave you two alone?” from Finn), he went around to the driver’s side and got in, Finn following suit after shaking out the umbrella. As soon as they were in the car and both the doors were shut, Poe put the key in the ignition and turned on the heat, which Finn was immediately grateful for since (after taking off his jacket, which was drenched) he could already feel himself warming up. Finn looked over at the man next to him, who had managed to get soaking wet (probably from the whole hugging-the-car thing), his hair clinging to his forehead and drops of water sliding down his face. Finn shook his head slowly at him, a small smile playing on his lips. “What?” Poe asked defensively. “You just had to see Suicide Squad on opening night, didn’t you?” Poe grinned. “No regrets.” Chapter 2 : That's okay, I'll just avoid the holes so you sleep fine Summary: The drive home from the movie theater. Gives some insight into Poe's thoughts about Finn. Notes: Title from twenty one pilots' Tear In My Heart, specifically this bit, which inspired this fic: You fell asleep in my car, I drove the whole time, But that's ok, I'll just avoid the holes so you sleep fine, I'm driving here I sit, cursing my government, For not using my taxes to fill holes with more cement. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The drive home was a bit of a long one (mainly because Poe had insisted on going to his favorite theater, which was a couple hours away from his place) and they spent it in the dark talking about the movie, until eventually they ran out of things to say and they drove in companionable silence. They had been friends for a long time, and they knew each other well enough that it wasn’t awkward; they didn’t have to say anything to enjoy each other’s company. (And it was nice. Peaceful. Silence between them felt natural, not unpleasant like it tended to be with other people. People who didn’t mean as much to him as Finn did. ) After a while, though, Poe glanced over at Finn to find him asleep, head tilted towards him, almost as if he’d been looking at Poe before he nodded off. (Which, obviously, is not what actually happened, and his brain could just shut up .) He couldn’t make out the details of Finn’s face until he looked over as a strip of light passed over him, illuminating his features, and… well, if Finn was cute when he was awake, he looked downright angelic when his face was relaxed in sleep. His eyelashes were long and dark, his expression tranquil, and his lips— Poe looked away quickly, shaking his head at himself. I’m not gonna let this silly crush ruin our friendship, he reminded himself for the hundredth, thousandth, millionth time. He and Finn had known each other since high school, and Poe had had a crush on him for just as long. He did his best to hide it from his friend, looking away quickly when he realized he was staring, trying not to let touches linger (he was pretty sure he was failing that one), even going on dates with other guys, and they were nice enough, but they weren’t Finn , and he always wound up asking them if they could just be friends. No matter what he did, his feelings remained. It was a serious problem. He was starting to worry that one day, he wouldn’t catch himself in time, and he’d end up doing something that even they couldn’t come back from. But no. He wouldn’t let that happen. He’d just continue being the best friend he could be, unless Finn gave him clear indications that he wanted more. (Which would, of course, never happen, and he needed to stop hoping for it because it would only end in disappointment.) Resigned to his fate of being eternally stuck in the friend zone, he drove on through the rain, avoiding potholes where he could so as not to wake Finn up. Notes: As usual, any feedback is welcomed! And I'll definitely be writing more of this, so stay tuned! :) Check out my Stormpilot blog on Tumblr! Notes: Any feedback on this fic would be great! Let me know what you liked about it, what you didn't like about it, if I did something wrong, anything! :) Check out my Stormpilot blog on tumblr!