Pain Ultraviolence ~~~In the land of Gods and Monsters I was an Angel Living in the garden of evil~~~ Chapter One: Pain I hadn't slept at all. My wrists were sore from being held back in impossible angles the previous night and it hurt to even let the sheets touch the bruised flesh. I tried to sleep, but it never came and I was still wide awake when the other's started rousing, ready to start their day. I eyed them from my bunk hidden on the back wall, behind a thin layer of green fabric that I had tacked up for a bit of privacy. All of them stretched and yawned, sharing stories of their trysts with the troops. They actually enjoyed it. They would brag, make it a game, and the first one to ten men a day won extra time in the bathroom, or a glass of ale. I couldn't hate them for it. They had been bred into this life, raised on how to please men, how to wear your hair to make you more appealing, which position is easiest the first time. I had heard them talk about it countless times over the past few months since I had been brought to this base. This wasn't my first after being stolen and sold into slavery. I had been at two different ones before, and though it was a horrible experience, being here was a nightmare. The men were rougher; their hands gripped so tight on my flesh I wanted to scream. But they were nothing compared to their General. I frowned thinking of him now, ignoring the girls as they brushed their hair and applied fresh makeup for the day. The door to our chambers opened with a loud thunk and a few of the girls called out in unison, "Hello, Mother!" I cringed at the sound of her name. "Don't wear purple, it makes your skin look hideous." She barked at one of the girls, smacking her rod against the vanity table. I hoped that if I stayed perfectly still and quiet, she would forget I existed. Mother hated me as much as I hated being here. It was as if she were offended that I didn't enjoy the beatings and the multiple rapes. I was offended that she expected me to take it all with a gracious, friendly smile. From beside me, a metal rod shot out and struck me across the stomach. Yelping, I scrambled out of my bunk to stare down at the squat, toad-like face of Mother Madam. She sneered at my pain and smacked me again across the thighs. I rubbed my stinging flesh as she pointed toward the door. "Get going, stupid girl! I don't have time to sit around and wait for you to move your ass. You've got judgement." She barked her orders at me and I hurried across the room. Several girls snickered behind their hands and whispered about me as I passed by. It was no secret to me that I wasn't liked. They had all been here since the base had been built and I was seen as a new threat. "I bet she's gained ten pounds." One of the creatures whispered, just loud enough for it to reach my ears. It came from Evie, a white haired, horned monster of a whore. She loved to flaunt her numbers at the other girls, knowing she was a favorite because of how exotic she looked. She had been General Vas' favorite for a very long time...before I came. Once Mother and I were both out of the door, she lead me down a cold, sterile hallway. My feet slapped quietly against the slick, tile floor as I rushed to keep up with the woman. For someone so fat and with such small legs, she could move lightning fast and she hit as hard as a man. I glared daggers at her back as she rounded a corner and punched her identification number into the computer at the door. The judgement room was horrendous. It had a scale for our weight to be evaluated and a frightening bed that we were forced to lay on, our legs held open by stirrups so they could check us for pregnancies and diseases. I avoided looking at the bed. "Scale." Mother snapped and I quickly stepped on the small, black square. She grunted and scribbled something on a clipboard. "You're getting fat." "Fat? I barely eat at all." We weren't allowed to speak out of turn. A rule I'm sure she enforced on me far more than the other girls. But, despite looking as if she wanted to beat me, Mother glared instead and tapped her pen against the board. "Two pounds since before your cycle. I'm cutting your portions down a quarter." She smiled as she marked it on the paper, looking smug and amused. "Table." My shoulders fell as I turned to the horrid structure behind me. I climbed on as a droid rolled out from behind it and I immediately knew what was happening. My legs would be stripped of their hair as well as other places on my body. Each time I endured this torture, I wondered just what kind of person would create a droid whose only purpose was to rid people of their body hair. It was almost as absurd as grown men desiring their women to look and feel like little girls. The lasers flared to life and I gripped the edge of the bed, my muscles tensing all over my body. From across the room, Mother stood smirking at my pain.. ~~~~ General Hux's boots echoed in sharp raps as he stomped down the hall of the base, following the Captain that had met them in the landing bay. He had looked so confident, standing there with his troops in formation. One sneer from Hux and the Captain's confidence faltered and he hurried them through the hallways. Hux was in no mood to deal with a buffoon like General Vas today but he had strict orders from the Supreme Leader to keep a very close eye on the man. It was baffling how someone like him could be so decorated and so successful running a recruiting base. The last Hux had seen of the man, Vas had been drunk with two slave girls on each side of him, pouring ale down his throat. It was a disgusting display to say the least. But, Vas was doing something right. He had managed to build one of the top recruitment bases in the entire First Order, bringing men in by the thousands. Promising a life of dark desires and endless pleasures, Vas had pulled in entire planets for the First Order. Women gave their children with happy tears in their eyes, men were over joyed to break their backs on any new construction. Families would rip themselves apart with a 'yes, sir' at Vas' order. He hated to admit it but, Hux knew that Vas had a real power over people. From beside Hux, Kylo Ren marched in long strides, his expression hidden behind that infernal mask he wore. Hux had seen his face before and could picture the dubious expression plastered to it clearly in his mind. He hated the way he looked at him, like a stupid, sputtering child. He knew this meeting with a fool like Vas would make Kylo Ren purse his lips in silent judgement. They turned the corner to the control room where at least fifty of Vas' soldiers sat under his order. Hux tried hard to control his surprise as he glanced around the room, twice the size of the one on Starkiller. From the position they were in, it seemed that the control room looked down on the inside of the base that was shaped in a U around them. Seeing it from this position made it seem colossal. A massive figure toward the command center turned and a smile broke out on Vas' face at the sight of his fellow General. "Welcome, General Hux, Kylo Ren. We're honored to have you visit our humble base." Shocked, Hux gave small, curt nod of approval. The last he had seen of Vas, the man had two slave girls on either side of him, feeding him copious amounts of alcohol and a various assortment of fruits. He seemed to have matured since then. Before Hux could say anything in return, the behemoth before him broke out into a grin. "You Empire boys are all alike! So cold, so boring!" Ah, it would seem he hadn't changed much at all. "We just pulled in ten thousand and here we are, acting as if we're strangers discussing the weather! We should be celebrating." Vas clapped Hux on the shoulder, jarring the man back a bit. He stumbled and glanced at the masked man at his side. "Yes, well...A congratulations is in order. The Supreme Leader thanks you. We're sent here to get sort of an idea on how to live up to your high standard you've seem to have set here." It nearly pained him to compliment the man, but he forced it out with a tight lipped smile. "Well, that will be a very hard thing to accomplish!" Vas laughed, throwing his arm around the stuck up General, turning him toward the doors they had came through. "I'll give you the grand tour, show you your chambers and let you sample some of the fine amenities that I have to offer you." He grinned and pulled Hux through the door, leaving Kylo Ren to follow behind them. He took a moment to watch Hux be dragged through the hall, enjoying it just a bit before he followed them. They took a left and Vas introduced them to the various things he had accomplished and was very proud of but it was all drowned out by an itch in the back of Kylo Ren's mind. The further they walked, the bigger it grew. He knew exactly what it was, pain and sadness but not where it was radiating from. It felt hot in his mind, like a red-hot poker sticking into the base of his skull. They passed by a narrow entry into a hallway. Vas and Hux paid no attention to it, but he couldn't deny that it was the source of the feeling. A door on the end of the hall opened and a short, rotund woman hurried out, a droid on her heels. He almost turned away, knowing the feeling couldn't be coming from her when another figure emerged. Her face was hidden by a curtain of long, dark hair but he could sense her fresh tears. Being this close he could feel the pain as if it were his own, physical and burning. But she was also furious. It matched the fury of his own heart, making his pulse quicken. In his mind, he could only see flames so hot they turned blue. Kylo Ren held a hand outstretched and twisted his fingers, forcing the girl to stop in her tracks. She gasped as her muscle acted against her will and she spun on her heel. He lifted her chin up and her hair fell back away her face. Eyes wild, she stared at him unable to move though she tried. He felt her pull against the force, her mind begging him to release her. Dropping his hand, he pulled back and she stumbled against the wall, holding her chest. From behind her, the woman seemed to notice her falling behind. She rushed back to her, raising a silver rod to whip against the girl's backside. Even through the onslaught and being jerked in the opposite direction, her eyes stayed on his face. Before she could be pulled around the corner, he turned and made his way in the direction of Vas and Hux, unable to make sense of her presence in his head... AN- Well, here I go again. Thanks for everyone's support of the rewrite. I really appreciate it and I hope I can do this story some justice by doing this. I think with the last one, I was so excited to write it and get it posted that I rushed through a lot and it made it harder to get what I wanted out...if that makes sense. I'll leave up the original for the time being but once this one takes off, I'll take it down. Again, thank you and I hope you enjoy this version! Chapter 2 : Mind Games Ultraviolence ~~~And if I did then do I try to move away? Cause I know you like mind games~~~ . Chapter 2: Mind Games . . A storm was waging war against the base. I laid in Vas' bed hours after he had fallen asleep, watching the rain pelt the windows like bullets. The wind howled as if it were trying with all its might to push the base off the planet, but the massive, steel structure sat like a tumor. Lightening lit up the sky with an eerie violet glow and I pulled the sheets closer to my chin, counting the seconds until the thunder. The man beside me slept soundly, snoring lightly after spending the last few hours tossing me in different positions on the bed. I was sore, as usual with Vas. I had overheard the other girls swapping stories and giggling about men they had that only lasted minutes. I envied them. Vas would go for hours and even after he came, would be ready in a matter of minutes. He was as insatiable as a wolf. Nothing satisfied his hunger. I don't know how long I sat watching out Vas' window. It spanned nearly the entire room and gave me a full view of the base that stretched beyond us. Just past the fleet of ships, far in the distance I could see a thick, lush forest. It pained me to think of what used to be here before Vas' men. I closed my eyes, thinking back to the forests when I was a child. I could remember the moss under my bare feet, loved the feeling of the sun warming my flesh. I longed for it now. It seemed here, I was always cold. The storm was settling down now, the lightening less frequent and the rain a steady drum against the glass. I slipped out from under the sheets slowly, hoping not to wake the man beside me. After a moment of snores, I felt I was in the clear and grabbed an extra sheet to wrap around my self before walking to the window. The lights below me danced and flickered in the rain and I tried to look past them into the forest. One last lightening bolt lit the sky and in the reflection of the glass, I caught sight of a gleam of silver over my right shoulder. Gasping, I spun, pressing my back against the cold glass. From the shadows in the corner of the room, the masked figure I had seen in the hallway made his way toward me. His hood was drawn over his head, making him nearly indistinguishable from the darkness of the room. The closer he stepped, the more I pressed into the window, and the more I could see details of him. He was tall, towering over me as if I were a child and I could feel the fear he had instilled in me the previous day gripping my spine. I wanted to shout to Vas, but my voice was frozen in my chest. Clutching the sheets to my chest, I stared up at that mask, wishing I could see anything behind the black shield covering his eyes. It was impossible. I watched him raise a finger to where his mouth would be, telling me to be quiet. I nodded and felt the cold that had a hold of me recede. My curiosity was growing, replacing any fear and doubt I had felt. He beckoned me forward with a crook of his finger and my feet moved before I had even decided to. Once I was near the center of the room, he began circling me. I felt his fingers grip the edge of the sheet near my left hip and my heart leapt into my throat, pounding hard against my flesh. As he made his way around behind me, the fabric slipped slowly between my fingers. I could only watch as it fell away from my chest and slid to the floor without a sound. My skin was on fire now and I was almost thankful for the air that hit my naked body. I watched him as he came around my right side and stopped before me, his mask hiding everything. I wanted to rip it off of him, wanted to see if he saw my body and liked it, but I stayed still. "I can see so much fury inside you." His words startled me as much as the static of his voice. I swallowed, my throat clenching around the words I couldn't bring myself to speak. "A fire, waiting to ignite." He spoke softly, but the mask distorted his voice, turning his words sinister. I didn't want to admit to the feeling inside me when he spoke. My heart beat was like a drum now, almost drowning out his words and making me dizzy. I licked my lips and felt my body move forward. I stepped out of the sheet pooled around my ankles and could feel the fabric of his robe against my skin now. It scraped against my nipples, sending a wave of pleasure coarsing through my lower body. He reached up, the back of his gloved fingers brushing against my breast as he made his way to my jaw. I leaned into his hand, hoping for the warmth I wanted. Instead, I opened my eyes to darkness and a light snoring beside me. Blinking, I sat up and pushed the blankets from my body. I searched every corner of the room but, Vas and I were alone once again. The storm had died outside and I felt the cold return, creeping up my legs to grip my body in its icy fingers. ~~~~~~~ It was nearly dawn before I managed to find sleep, and even then, I tossed and turned. No more dreams came to me, leaving me aching to finish what had been started. Laying in bed the hour after my dream, I had convinced myself that it was fatique and hunger that had combined to create a very realistic hallucination. But I could still feel his fingers against my skin, could feel the fabric of his robes brushing across me. I couldn't explain that and had given up trying, wishing sleep would take over and my dream would pick up where I had left off. I blinked in the light streaming in through the window, wishing I could be back in my bunk so I could pull the curtains closed and get some more sleep. Instead, I stared at the empty pillow beside me. The sheets were pulled back and Vas was gone. No. He was on the other side of the room, speaking in a hushed voice. I rose up a bit to see over the covers, hoping he hadn't noticed I was awake yet. His back faced me and he seemed quite preoccupied as he spoke into a screen, softly, almost inaudible. I craned my ears and hoped the blankets blocked him from catching me spying. "I need more time." He muttered, brushing a hand through his mussed up hair. "I didn't expect the Supreme Leader to send his pansy brigade. They're staying for a few weeks and once they're gone, we'll initiate the plan." Whoever was on the other side of the screen answered in a strange language that I had never heard. Vas shifted on his feet and reached for a cup at his side. I let my head fall back to the pillow, closed my eyes and tried to steady my breathing. After a few more replies, Vas ended the transmission and stood very still on the opposite side of the room. I could feel the tension coming off of him in waves and wished I could sink into the bed and disappear from his sight. It was never good when he was angry. As rough as he was when he was in a good mood, I feared he would kill me when he was upset. I shut my eyes, trying to steady my breathing so he wouldn't suspect me. It was an impossibly long time before he finally moved, going about his quarters to get dressed. He never came to the bed, nor did he try to wake me. I stayed as still as I could until the door slid shut with a thunk and silence filled the room. Now, in the quiet, last night seemed so long ago. I sat up and stared at the space on the floor, wishing I could know if it was real or not. I didn't even know if he was real. Maybe being here was finally taking its toll on me and I was going insane. But something in the back of my mind told me that he was. He had to be. I refused to believe a figment of my imagination could illicit that kind of feeling inside me. AN- Hey, thanks for reading! I hope to post a chapter a week so be on the look out :)