The smell of ashes Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo’s eyes suddenly opened, waking up startled. The man was sweating, breathing fast, and his heart was racing. He then propped up on his elbows and looked at the surroundings, still breathing fast. Everything was in place in his dark private chambers. As usual, there was no light except a couple of red buttons slowly growing in and off in various places around. “ It was just a dream ,” he thought, “ another bad dream ”. The smell of ashes suddenly swirled into his nostrils. They were from many of his past enemies that threatened to kill him. He kept them there to fulfill his pride of having destroyed them all. It also reminded him of his current position. His thoughts then shifted back to that dream. Those dreams happened frequently. Always ending with a woman sinking in the deep ocean, referring to him as a... No. That's impossible. It couldn't be who he had in mind. Carefully, Kylo forced himself into a sitting position and looked down to see his lower abdomen all patched up. With an emotionless expression, he reeked a hand through his disheveled hair and then examined the area. Kylo sighed remembering some of the events that occurred in the Star Killer Base during the Resistance attack. After killing Han Solo, the reckless wookie shot him with a bow caster. Kylo was accustomed to tolerate pain and use it as a form to tap deeper into the dark side. The Supreme Leader taught him well, especially on how to use the pain as a way to stay focused against his opponents. One way was to constantly hit on the wound which always helped to maintain his rage. His eyes then turned toward his right shoulder that was all patched up too. Placing a hand on same said shoulder, it started to provoke anger in Kylo. He knew who gave it to him and it was none other than that traitor, FN-2187 . Kylo had a deep hatred against the former Stormtrooper, even more than Hux. Not only for committing treason against the First Order, but also for interfering in his personal affairs. How dare he hold and use his grandfather's lightsaber, something that by all rights belonged to him! The traitor also had the guts to charge at him with it, with the purpose of eliminating him. In the end, Kylo left him with a small reminder of what his ire and dark side power are capable of. Ren's anger slowly started to disappear as he recalls the moment he slashed the traitor's back. His intentions were not to kill him but to make him suffer for his betrayal. Suddenly, the door of his chamber slid open and he could hear footsteps getting closer. A man dressed in a black First Order uniform came to sight. Kylo could recognize him even when the room didn't have too much illumination. “About time you woke up, Ren." Said Hux in his usual tone of voice. Kylo's expression dulled becoming aware of Hux's presence and manners. "For how long have I been unconscious?" "You spent four days inside a bacta tank," Hux replied clasping his hands behind his straight back. "And three more days in your quarters." " So it's been eight days... " Kylo mumbled to himself. Hux then turned around, still having his hands clasped behind him and walked towards the front of the bed. "That'll be correct. I believe you're unaware of what happened that day." "The Resistance came and attacked the base.." "With the sole purpose of rescuing the girl ," Hux added coyly. "All because of you wanting to keep some scavenger scum our plans on destroying D'Qar and the Resistance base failed miserably." "General, don't forget what type of soldiers you have at your command." Kylo retorted in his usual sarcastic tone whenever he dealt with Hux. "One of your men helped the Resistance, keep that in mind." "Don't try to blame it on me, Ren." Hux scowled already fueled with anger. Ren's stolid expression told nothing. He wished the Supreme Leader could get rid of Hux and his useless army. When Kylo was a kid, he remembered being told by a friend of Leia that a clone army existed many years ago. This army was called the clonetroopers and they would be off better to use. Kylo also believed that Hux was a weak general, very different from General Tarkin who had a commanding presence in the Galactic Empire. He could not understand why Supreme Leader Snoke continued on keeping such a simpleton like Hux around. "What happened to the girl and FN-2187?" "They're presumably alive and escaped the base," Hux replied. "However, she might have left you something... perhaps a memory. " Memory? Ren couldn't remember the end of the duel against the girl but felt the hatred that ran through her veins and how she was closer to the dark side with each stroke from the lightsaber. Slowly, she was surrendering to it without knowing. The girl wanted to avenge Han Solo, the man she considered a father figure. Also, what he did to the traitor too. Kylo was already convinced of her powers and that he could seduce her easily. She still has the potential to become stronger and all Kylo wishes is to turn her to the Dark Side. But then... Before Ren could say anything else a burning sensation spread across his face. Hux took advantage of the situation and decided to tell Ren what Rey did to him before the planet could explode. "The Supreme Leader is expecting you on Kessel. We're on our way there." Before he could exit the chamber, Hux turned around. "You should go and take a good look at your.. face." Hux half smiled to himself and left the room with the door slid shutting behind him. Kylo rose up from the bed, not caring he was in the nude and uncovered, and head to the fresher. In there, his eyes widened, he gasped and then took an immediate step back as he looked himself in the mirror. His breathing became shaky as he traced with his finger the large scar crossing half of his face. The flesh was light pink and a bit wrinkled but it was a sign of slow healing. She did this to him ... disgraced his life. All because of his weakness, personal feelings and compassion. This girl should be afraid of him, fear him. One thing for sure, Kylo was not going to be weakened by a mere scavenger girl. Notes: My first non-modern Star Wars fic. Next chapter will be Rey and Luke! This is after the events of TFA. Chapter 2 : Jedi path The weather was pleasant that morning on Ach-to. The majority of times it would be cloudy with some showers that lasted until the late afternoon. For Rey, Ach-to was completely different than Jakku. The planet she grew up was surrounded by coarse sand and a couple of dry plants. That was all Jakku had to offer. Rey always dreamed of living in a place like this where there was so much green. She would always seek her favorite spot, the grey ocean. Rey stood there, gazing at its beauty. She crinkled her nose and innocently smiled at the view in front of her. There, too, the wind had blown cold against her face, and she tucked away a stray strand of hair behind an ear. The sound of the waves relaxed her and helped her to focus on the training. It has been eight days since she came to find Luke Skywalker, one of the most powerful Jedis in the whole galaxy. The Resistance needed to find him before the First Order could. At first, Luke was very hesitant to train Rey simply because of how things went wrong with one of his disciples. He has never told Rey who was this student that destroyed his Jedi academy and caused the death of many pupils. His eyes would turn glossy and sadness clouded his features at the mention of it. Rey then decided not to talk about the matter anymore. She then climbed up the rocky stairs which led her to a cave. Rey entered the cave and sat on the hard floor putting aside her staff. The girl began meditating, determined to regain control over his mind. "Feel the light surround you," She mumbled to herself, remembering the words master Luke has taught her. "Feel it... Focus, Rey." A couple of small rocks levitated from the ground as Rey used the force to tap to the light side. Luke was impressed with Rey's powers so far. For any young force sensitive, this could take years to dominate entirely. In Luke's case, it took months of training. He told Rey that she was already proficient with the force, however, there was so much more she needed to learn. In all reality, Rey still didn't understand the force that well. Everything went pitch dark making Rey open her eyes. There was no cave, no sight of the island, nor the sound of waves anymore. Rey stood up and began breathing heavily, sweat slid down her face, into the collar of her V-neck white shirt. Another vision? Or was it a dream? All of a sudden the scream of a man could be heard, calling her out in some sort of desperation. The sight of a cliff appeared in front of her, at the bottom was the ocean. Rey was unable to move as if someone froze her in place... again. Just when she thought she'd never move again, the sound of an unstable ragged lightsaber being ignited came into the scene. Her pupils turned huge and terror overtook her face. Rey recognized who it was; Kylo Ren. But how did he invaded her mind? How was he capable? Kylo took some steps toward her, his fiery saber getting closer. She shut her eyes together trying to make it all go away. When she opened them up again, all she saw was water. Her body could move again, but it started sinking into the deep ocean. While living on Jakku, she didn't need to swim nor learn how to do so. Now, she was all helpless being surrounded by water. Rey could hear the man's voice again, shouting her name over and over again. "REY!" "REY!" "Rey," The voice of her master startled her. She gasped for air and looked around the place; she was back in the cave. Luke was standing there with a hardened expression on his face. "What happened? I thought.." She couldn't finish the sentence, trying to catch some air. "I presume it was another vision," Luke added, rubbing his greyish colored beard. "What did you see this time?" Rey took a deep breath, her hands held her legs together as she remained seated. "N-Nothing really.." "Rey," Luke insisted. "Alright," she sighed. "I..saw him, again." Luke slowly nodded and crossed both arms over his chest. "You mean Kylo Ren, right?" "Everything went pitch dark while I was meditating and then there he was, with his lightsaber in front of me." "Kylo Ren is very powerful with the force, Rey. We can't underestimate his power and what is he capable of." "But why me? What does he want from me, master?" Rey asked him with a confused expression. The old Jedi master rubbed his beard again and sighed. "He knows the huge potential you got, Rey. All dark side users motives are to seduce those from the light with the promise of obtaining more power." "I.. I hate him... so much." She confessed. "Don't let the dark side consume you, Rey. Careful with those thoughts." Luke warned her worriedly. Rey grabbed her staff and rose from the floor. "That monster killed Han in cold blood, not caring we were there watching! He injured Finn almost killing him too!" "Han had a purpose in life," Luke added calmly. " And your friend was very valiant on trying to protect you, but I bet he attacked Ren first for everything that ended that way." Her brows drew together, "Why you defend him so much?" Luke turned around to leave the cave. "I'm not, Rey. But having those thoughts of revenge are no good for your sake. If you want to become a Jedi, you must brush those feelings away." He then started walking toward the direction of the hut and stopped in his tracks. "Dinner will be ready, come." She observed her master walk away and she prepared to do the same. Rey knew Luke was hiding something from her about Kylo Ren. The brunette's stomach growled from hunger and she hurried up. Chapter 3 : Master of the Knights of Ren Kylo Ren arrived at Kessel to meet with Supreme Leader Snoke. He spent four months there, completing his training under his master's guidance and to prepare himself to take on Luke Skywalker. The planet was vastly rich in mines and offered him the chance to fix his lightsaber by finding more broken kaber crystals. During that time, he also had time to meditate. Kylo knew he was starting to lose control because of his constant fiery temper and reckless behavior. Perhaps that was the main reason he lost to the scavenger girl in the first place. He will teach her a lesson for sure, she was going to fear him for what she caused him. The thought of it made each stroke with the lightsaber to destroy a lot of objects including a couple of defenseless droids that were nearby. His speed and reflexes got better than the last time. Kylo felt stronger than before, especially as a dark side user. The base on Kessel had a training ground made only for his training. The dark warrior would spend countless of hours there. That day he wore a black sleeveless shirt with suspenders, combat boots, and a pair of black gloves to have a better hold on the hilt. His raven hair was pulled back into a bun to have a better view. It had grown down to his shoulders since last time's battle in Star Killer. He didn't have the time to cut it for there were other more important things to do. After a whole day of training, Ren walked back inside the base, hands clenched into fists. Before he could step inside his private chamber Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka appeared. The man was one of the few survivors from his rank and still incompetent on his duties. "My lord, Supreme Leader Snoke is requesting a meeting with you," Mitaka informed Kylo. Ren clenched his jaw, he didn't have other option but to meet his master. "Tell Supreme Leader I'll be there soon like he requests." "Yes, my lord." the intimidated Lieutenant responded, turning away. Kylo then stepped inside his chamber and before he could meet with Snoke, he headed to the fresher for a quick shower first. A dim light illuminated the throne room where the Supreme Leader Snoke and Ren met. It felt cold and it was empty that night. Every time they both met, Snoke would order his guards to leave them. Kylo was never exposed to the sunlight and didn't like it either. That was the reason his skin was completely pale in comparison to those who came into contact with outer components. Kylo stood in front of Snoke and respectfully bowed his head. He had his usual dark outfit on except his helmet which he lost back in the Star Killer base when the wookie detonated the explosives in the area. Even though he didn't like to show his true face to others, his facial scar gave Ren an intimidating presence. The color around it turned into a much lighter pink and it wasn't that huge in comparison to other scars he had on his body. He saw his scars as a result of how powerful he was in reality. "I see you've completed your training, my young apprentice," Snoke said to Ren who was just rising from bowing. "All thanks to your guidance, master." Kylo replied as he observed the old man sitting on his throne. "Good," Snoke mumbled, however, still audible. "As you know, our principal mission is to locate Luke Skywalker and stop him from rising the Jedi order again." "I'm aware of it, and this time I'll find him." "And you must also be aware that Skywalker is not alone," Snoke quickly added, "the girl... the one that resisted and humiliated you, must be there with him." Kylo pursed his lips and lowered his head. He remained silent for a brief time. The Supreme Leader noticed how his hands were clenched into fists. Snoke was also very convinced of Rey's powers and little his apprentice knew that he could crush him at any moment, just like he did with his first one. That happened because the first apprentice tried to betray Snoke and take his position instead. The poor fool didn't ever have any chance. Snoke does not truly care about Kylo Ren and his fate. He was just another pawn like Darth Vader, his grandfather. Both were very easy to manipulate. He knew the boy wanted to prove himself and be recognized as Vader's powerful grandson. "By the grace of your training, it won't happen again," Kylo reaffirmed. Snoke glowered at this. "You still have compassion for her, Ren. I can sense it in you." With Kylo being unresponsive at this, Snoke rose up from his chair and took some few careful steps not facing his apprentice anymore. "Tomorrow you'll be heading to where Skywalker and the girl are hiding. Gather your Knights of Ren and finish what your... grandfather started. That's your mission." "What's their location?" Ren asked curiously. Snoke turned to face him again and with narrowed eyes he responded, " Planet Ach-to. " That afternoon, Rey was running up a hill carrying a heavy fabric backpack full of heavy rocks as part of the training. At first, it resulted tiring and almost dangerous since she wasn't in shape that much. This helped her to maintain a steady balance and stand her ground. Her skills with the lightsaber improved during the last couple of months that she had been under Luke's guidance and training. They both engaged in duels which included the use of force push backs and a couple of acrobatics too. For such an age, Luke was still very powerful with the force. Rey really impressed him with the skills she learned during the past few months. She was very different from him when he was Rey's age. For Luke, it took him some more time to be completely proficient with the lightsaber. Rey was a different case. Like him, the same thing happened with Ben... When she finally reached the top of a hill Rey dropped to her knees and removed the heavy backpack from her shoulders. She was trying to catch her breath when all of a sudden a loud thunder and a bright light from the lightning startled her. The wind blew strongly making the grass on the hill rattle. "Great! Just when I haven't got myself ready to descend." Rey sighed. Taking a last good look at the ocean, Rey prepared herself to get down and head to the hut before the thunderstorm could come. How she wished to go to her favorite spot, sit on the soft sand and contemplate the sea. She believed her training was completed and that she could take on Kylo Ren for the second time. The way he leered at her after she burned his face with the saber was something she could never forget. Those eyes, full of hatred for what she did to him. Rey felt some remorse, a thing that she has tried to deny over and over again... inside her mind. While Finn fought for his life in that D'Qar infirmary, her thoughts were not only with him but also with her enemy's well-being. Nobody knew about this, though. Not even Luke. Rey often wondered why Kylo Ren turned out to be like that. However, she would never forget what he did to Han and Finn. It was her duty to avenge Han's death and make Ren pay for it. Also, those visions about him... What do they-? Another loud thunder got her out of her thoughts. Rey took a deep breath and carefully began to get down the hill. It was going to be a dark and rainy night on Ach-to... The Knights of Ren were given orders to wait for their master's arrival on Ach-to. Their mission was to get to where Luke Skywalker was hiding and dispose of him. That night, their ship landed near a rocky beach not too far from where Skywalker was staying. The ship couldn't be heard mainly because of the sounds of thunder and heavy rain everywhere. Six dark mysterious figures exited the ship, all of them wearing distinctive combat helmets. They were also carrying a different type of weapon. For centuries, this organization of dark side users has been loyal to the Church of the Force and also to many other powerful force users such as Kylo Ren. They had a deep respect for their master and would follow him anywhere. The monk knight, which was the eldest one, remembered the time Kylo Ren was turned to the dark side and led them to acquired Anakin Skywalker's lightsaber. They battled against a small but powerful clan group where the wealthy leader was a force user. It was a bloody battle, bodies lying everywhere. In the end, Kylo Ren couldn't dispose of the clan leader and the latter escaped with Anakin's lightsaber to never been seeing again. This was Kylo's first real battle and where he also got his first scars. It infuriated him for losing what belonged to him by all rights. Some of the knights didn't trust Snoke that much. He was their leader, but they knew the old man was only using them for their power, same with their master. Kylo was unaware of the Supreme Leader's real motives but the knights decided to let him suspect it with time. After a while, Kylo Ren's command shuttle landed at the rocky beach not too far from the Knights of Ren. The six men then walked towards their master's ship and waited for his exit. Two stormtroopers walked ahead with Ren following them. When he stepped on the ground the six knights bowed to their master. Rising up, they saw that Kylo Ren wasn't wearing his black and silver combat helmet, but instead was sporting a facial scar. He wore his dark hooded scarf. "Any suspicious movements?" Kylo asked, walking past ahead of them and looking around the area. "No, master." Responded one of the knights. "Everything has been quiet so far." Kylo's expression hardened. The rain was affecting visibility and there wasn't a single star in the sky that night. "Supreme Leader wants Luke Skywalker to be disposed of and to destroy everything left there." "Skywalker won't have a chance against us," another knight of Ren added in a mocking tone. "I wouldn't be that sure," Kylo Ren said, "he is still considered one of the most powerful Jedis, for others a myth ." "Our master is right, we need to keep an eye on him." The monk knight admitted. "Let's get moving," He ordered the knights igniting his ragged lightsaber. "We won't leave without completing the mission. It's now or never." Armed with their blasters and staffs, the knights followed their master towards the huts. Unbeknown to them was that Kylo also had other plans in mind. Chapter 4 : A fate with destiny Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke was finishing his soup and suddenly felt clipped with weariness. Perhaps it was the rain from that night, or maybe he was getting old with the years passing. Drinking the last of his soup, he set it aside and took a bite of bread. Rey’s training was over and it was time to go back to D’Qar and help the Resistance. He wondered what Leia’s plans with Ben were. He knew his nephew was in a very difficult position. Snoke was clearly manipulating him just like Emperor Palpatine did with his father, Darth Vader. His twin sister still hoped that Ben had some light in him, that he could be brought back. The memory of Ben training under his guidance came into his mind. There were times the boy suffered from the abandonment of his parents. Luke would sometimes feel sorry for the boy. Owen and Beru loved Luke unconditionally even though they weren't his biological parents. Their death still shook Luke up to that day. Han was always away, enjoying the races even when Leia was pregnant. Both would also constantly argue especially in front of their son. To Han a simple pat on the back or a ruffling of the hair was equivalent to a hug or kiss. Luke dearly loved his friend, but deeply knew Han wasn't the best parent to Ben especially when his nephew needed it the most. Leia worked a lot, spending most of her time in the senate dealing with the Centrists. Many of the senators never approved of Luke's past actions nor him wanting to raise a new Jedi order. It was Leia's idea to send Ben to train with him after discovering he was also a force sensitive at the age of ten. Luke frequently tried to convince her to tell Ben the truth about their father. Leia opposed to this and decided to wait until Ben grew up. Then, it was too late and the inevitable happened. Before Luke could retire to his bed, as usual, he went to check on Rey. She was already making her small bed. Her hair, which reached the middle of her back, was loose. Clearing his throat out Luke said, "Tomorrow R2 and Chewie will be here to take us back to D'Qar. We shall rise early." "That's it?" She added somewhat confused, "Is that all for my training?" "Fortunately, yes," Luke answered her with a soft smile on his face. "I feel like you're ready, Rey." The girl bit her lower lip and sat down on the bed, pensive. There will be no more training and visits to the gray ocean nor be exploring the caves used by many old Jedi masters. For the first time in her terrible life, Rey considered Ach-to as a home . While being there, no one bothered her with scavenging for goods neither tried to attack her like Plutt's thugs. She was about to become a Jedi, but there was a feeling of disappointment growing inside of her. "You don't seem happy," Her master added. "Something wrong?" Rey glanced at the floor. "Is just that... I can't believe how quickly everything went, all these months. W-what is Kylo Ren returns?" Luke took a deep breath and lean on a stone wall with both his arms crossed, "The Resistance needs us, Rey, and this war isn't over. Kylo Ren is still out there and we both are aware of it." He then observed the expressionless girl, "In the case that happens you must rely on the force and what've you learned." "Master, tell me who's Kylo Ren." Rey sort of demanded. "I feel that you and Leia know a lot about him, or perhaps there's a connection... " Luke's face went pale and swallowed thickly, unsure on what to say. Rey was very intelligent and sooner or later she was going to start suspecting. They didn't want to tell her that Kylo Ren was Ben Solo; his nephew, and Leia's son. "Kylo Ren is a powerful user of the dark sid...-" " That I already know." She interrupted boring her eyes into his. "If you trust me so much, why can't you tell me the truth about him?" "Rey, my job was to train you in the ways of the force," Luke said glowering at her. "What matters the most now is to aid the Resistance against the First Order. We're the last hope now." She then lowered her head in shame, fiddling with the tips of her brown hair. "I'm sorry, Luke" Rey apologized. "This topic won't be brought up again, I promise." Then both sensed a presence on the aquatic planet. Rey couldn't tell who or what could it be but Luke did. Terror and recognition overtook her old master's face. Rey remained bug-eyed staring at Luke. Immediately she stood up and using the force grabbed her lightsaber. Luke did the same and both walked over to the door. "He's here," he said in an affirmed tone, "and he's not alone this time." Loud thunder could be heard outside the hut and the rain was getting heavier. Rey's heart wanted to jump out of her chest in that moment. He was back and possibly ready to kill her this time. Kylo wasn't going to forget what she did to him back there. Those eyes full of hatred... wanting to disgrace her back. Rey tried to calm herself and think of a way to help Luke. "Head where the force tree is and wait for me there," Luke ordered Rey, igniting his green lightsaber and stepping outside the hut. "They won't find you there, go!" She obeyed him but before she could go there Luke called out to her, "Rey, may the force be with you." "May the force be with you too, master," Rey replied back nodding. She then proceeded to head there, carrying Anakin's lightsaber. The rain made it really difficult to see but Rey kept running to the direction Luke told her to wait for him. Kylo and the Knights of Ren planned on taking a different route to get to Skywalker. The path on this part of the planet was full of various rocks lying on the muddy ground, but the dark warriors walked on it very carelessly. While advancing, they spotted a weird shaped tree in the distance. He knew this tree from what Skywalker told him years ago but decided to brushed it away. They started ascending the steps made out of stone that will guide them to this location. While they were getting closer to the tree, Kylo felt a presence nearby. Someone familiar was also around the area, they weren't alone anymore. Suddenly, a blue light ignited at the distance. It was also approaching the tree where they were heading. The corner of his mouth turned up into a smirk at the realization of who it was. She must have also felt him close igniting his grandfather's saber. Turning his lightsaber off, Kylo had other plans in mind now. He stopped in his tracks never facing his acolytes. "Find Skywalker and distract him," He ordered them. "I'll remain here." "But master," One of the knights objected worriedly. "Do as I say," Kylo again ordered them. "I've got some... businesses to take care of first." The men looked at each other but didn't argue anymore with him. "Yes, master. Let's move." Kylo watched as they took another direction where Skywalker was at. Not wasting more time, Kylo walked up the stairs while the scavenger descended. He felt a burning sensation in his facial scar again. It got worse each time he got closer to her. He had been waiting for this moment for a long time. Rey felt his presence getting closer, and carefully began to search the area. Lightning from the storm illuminated the place since it was pitch dark everywhere. She took off her damp gray vest and threw it aside. She was all wet, her long hair sticking up to her neck and face too. The water felt cold, splashing onto her skin. She loved the sensation if it. Years living on Jakku, her skin adapted to the extreme exposure from the sun that shone down the desert planet. At night, she will feel cold, though. Almost every night Rey took flying lessons by using a flying simulator she found while scavenging. IThe artifact belonged to the Galactic Empire but it was good as new. That's how Rey learned how to become a pilot. Descending carefully the stone steps, the tree was already to her left side. It was huge and had a strange shape too. She also knew the significance of it. According to Luke, a boy and a girl were the first humanoids to visit this tree. Both felt the force and started to develop powers while standing in front of it. The boy then killed the girl and turned to the Dark Side, but apparently the girl did not die. Thanks to the tree's powers, the girl survived and became the founder of the Jedi force. She has always been considered the "chosen" one by many Jedi masters. Rey at first thought it was another myth but in the end resulted fascinated. She was now standing in front of it very entranced. As she was about to close her eyes and meditate, the sound of a ragged lightsaber awakened her senses. When she turned around, lightning reflected a dark figure standing a few inches from her. With a frightened look, Rey quickly prepared herself for any attack. Kylo took two steps forward and saw that the girl backed away, holding the lightsaber with both hands firmly. She studied the man in front of her and became aware that he wasn't wearing his typical mask. The mask that has haunted her dreams so many times. Like a vulture, Ren began to circle her as if Rey was the prey. She followed his moves instinctively holding her ground. "Still wanting to kill me, I see." Kylo broke the silence unexpectedly. Rey didn't take her eyes off him and remained alerted, "What do you want, Ren?" He then stopped his movements and briefly pointed with his lightsaber at her. "That weapon you're holding," Ren answered. "You know it's mine." "You mean Master Luke's," Rey corrected angrily. " You don't own anything!" So Skywalker hasn't told her the truth yet, he thought. She's still unaware of our relationship and that I'm his nephew. These people keep lying to others just like they with me... How pathetic. "That's what you think, scavenger" Kylo added in his usual sarcastic tone. "I'm surprised Skywalker hasn't been honest with his pupil." Her brows drew together in confusion. "Honest?" "Luke Skywalker has been lying to you. All this time you've been training with a liar and a murderer." Rey gritted her teeth as anger began to pulse through her veins. "No, you're the one lying! You killed Han and that makes you a cold blooded murderer!" "Han Solo was a disappointment, a mere fool who couldn't value anything." Kylo snapped at her. "Monster..." Rey hissed, "I'll make you pay for what you did to Han and Finn!" Kylo let out a sigh and before he could say anything else an outraged Rey lunges at him striking his lightsaber with force. Blue and red sabers clashed between them in the middle of the rain in a crackling frenzy. Rey backs away and Kylo began circling her again, both becoming each other's prey this time. They studied each other's moves again, both taking heavy breaths. "I see Skywalker has taught you a couple of tricks," Kylo said pulling down his hood. "Unfortunately, you shouldn't let your guard down!" He lunged at her, spinning up in a whirlwind movement, but Rey quickly blocked his lethal attack. A small cry escaped her lips. She really underestimated his strength. Back then he was wounded and unfocused on their battle. The man became stronger no doubt. Both dodged attacks missed striking objects in the process. None of the two were giving up with their lightsabers clashing. Kylo was backing her up just like their duel in the Star Killer Base. So far he was impressed how much she'd learned. However, he could still crush her if he wished to. They fought moving around different areas. Rey clumsily hit her leg with a rock lying on the ground. She felt a burning sensation afterward but decided to ignore it while taking on Kylo Ren. The rain was non-stopping just like both of them. "It's over, scavenger!" Kylo taunted her. "There's no other choice but to join the Dark Side." Rey furrowed her brows. "Never! We're not done yet!" And she made him stumbled and took the opportunity to kick him on the side. She ran forward but her leg started to feel numb. The pain grew more and more and Rey needed to find out what it was. With no sight of Ren anywhere, she walked ahead. Stopping in front of a wall, Rey pressed her hand into where it bothered. When she raised her hand to take a look, it was completely covered in blood. The rock that I stumbled on must have cut my leg back there, Rey thought. The ground of that part of Ach-to was covered in different sizes of rocks, many of them sharp to cut even skin. Suddenly the sound of a ragged saber could be heard again and Rey turned to face Kylo Ren. Rey held onto the hilt tightly. Everything around her began to blur and her body started to feel numb. The pain on her leg wasn't helping either and perhaps the blood loss was the reason for it. The visibility was terrible and all she could devise was the red saber getting closer to her. As he did so, she started walking backward, away from him, away from the unstable weapon that could slash her in half at any moment. Then he stopped, making her wonder why wasn't he charging at her anymore. Something was not right. As he stood there, she took a look behind and all her worst fears came to life. Both Kylo and Rey were standing on a high cliff. At the bottom was the ocean from her visions. It was true, all of it. Knees began to shake and dizziness overtook her. Kylo stood there observing the girl. Her determination seemed to have vanished and it appeared as if she was losing strength. She also lowered her guard down. Sudden lightning made him take a better view of her. Rey unexpectedly turned off the saber to his surprise. There was a dark spot in her right shin. Walking towards her, he took a glance at it. There was a deep large wound on her leg's shin and blood was dripping from it. Loss of blood, Kylo thought. Rey stumbled and was about to fell unconscious. She couldn't feel anything anymore. Before she could fall off the cliff, Ren raised his arm and using the force held her in place. "REY!" "REY!" Luke screamed. He was engaging the Knights of Ren when suddenly he saw Kylo Ren with his arm extended possibly frozen Rey in place. Kylo was probably about to kill her and Luke needed to stop him in time. The knights were making it difficult for him to do so. He easily disposed of one of them force pushing him into a rock. Others were shooting at the Jedi master but he deflected each shot with his green lightsaber. Luke again forced pushed them and he then hurried to the cliff. "Ben!" Luke called Kylo out. "Let her go!" Rey could hear Luke's voice very faintly. Was this the end for her? Kylo had her froze in place again and this time, he would surely push her off the cliff. He won and fulfilled his hatred against her. Never facing his former master and uncle at all, Kylo pulled Rey closer to his body, held her tight, and jumped off the cliff with her. "NO!" Luke screamed hurrying to where they stood. Looking down at the ocean Luke felt useless and with extreme guilt. He let down Rey and the others too. Notes: So finally Rey and Kylo meet again BUT with an unexpected ending there. Honestly, it was a pain to write the lightsaber duel and it's my first time doing so. Hope you guys enjoy! Chapter 5 : No other choice All she could see was dark blue environment surrounding her; the ocean bottom. She couldn't move, couldn't think, and couldn't breathe; which was the worst of all things. Every muscle in her body ached and felt numb. Is this how death feels? Rey wondered. The last thing she heard was her master yelling her name three times. Luke couldn't save her on time and all suddenly went dark. Rey would never see her parents again and neither her friends back at D'Qar. She just lost it all. Strong arms grabbed her, pulling her back to the surface. She coughed and gasped for air as soon they reached it. Kylo then was able to carry Rey to the shore and saw a cave in the distance. He quickly carried her into the cave before he could be noticed, gently laying her on the ground covered in what it looked like to be some musk. Rey was partially conscious but asleep from the exhaustion. The rain stopped falling and the moonlight began to appear from the clouds. Both of them were absolutely soaking wet. Kylo took off his outer robe and placed it aside. He knelt down beside Rey and check on her leg wound. The bleeding ceased but it still looked deep and could cause her a hemorrhage anytime. Placing a hand near the wound, Kylo proceeded to use the force to accelerate the process of healing. If he was taking the scavenger with him back to the Finalizer she needed to be in good shape. Thankfully, Rey was asleep and relaxed for this to happen. Closing his eyes he went into deep meditation and a faint blue light started to emanate from his palm. It covered Rey's wound. This method worked with severe injuries and curing broken bones. After he finished force healing her wound, Kylo remained on his kneeling position. His gaze raked her face, devoured Rey's features as if he'd never seen them before. Her long lashes fluttered down from her profound sleep. What could she be dreaming about? he wondered. The last time they met her hair was held back onto three buns, but tonight she wore it down. It was long and lusterless brown just like his mother when he was a child. It used to be a lighter brown but after spending time on Ach-to it got a darker chestnut. Her skin also got a tad lighter too, perhaps due to the less exposure from the harsh sun. It looked smooth and perfect from sight. Kylo had the urge to touch it but resisted from doing so. His hands were always cold, also feeling like it to the touch. His gaze then moved to her mouth. It was tempting him, inviting him, and all he wanted in that moment was to claim it. No... no . Kylo stood up and turned around, away from her. Both were enemies. Enemies. She was just an enemy to the First Order and a member of the Resistance. Also, she disgraced him and left him to die back in the Star Killer base. She was obviously interested in the traitor. There was no doubt she was desirable and dark side users like him have lustful urges at times. However, there was no time to think of women. He had other things in mind than to sleep with one. She was going to either join the dark side or be left in the hands of the Supreme Leader. Rey slowly opened her eyes, hoping it was all a nightmare. However, when she rose up slowly into a sitting position there he was. Kylo was standing at the entrance of the cave. It looked like if he was waiting for someone to get there. For Rey, it was impossible to fight him again after losing her lightsaber back at the cliff. Also, she was feeling exhausted. He then turned around and saw she was already awake. "Stay back!" She ordered him knowing it was useless at the same time. Ren walked closer, indifferent by her threats. "Much worse things you've done. How foolish of you." "I'm stronger than you could possibly know, Ren." She replied back with an air of defiance. "After losing so much blood I doubt you could even lay a finger on me, scavenger." He calmly said somewhat testing her. "Where's Luke?" Rey asked demanding to know. She started to shake from cold instead of fear. "And what am I doing here?" Kylo picked up his outer robe which was laying on the ground near her. Rey brushed aside, away from him. "Skywalker is still alive. He already murdered one of my men back there." "You mean one of your thugs?" Rey sardonically asked him in a raised tone. He lifted an eyebrow. "A Knight of Ren precisely." The brunette looked confused drawing her brows together. He was Kylo Ren but he calls these men as Knights of Ren. These so-called Knights of Ren had appeared in her dreams and visions. These dark figures gave Rey the chills. Apparently they followed their master everywhere and were loyal to him. "It seems your master haven't taught you how to be grateful to others." Kylo then added looking over the dark sky. "What do you mean?" She asked rising from the floor, still wary of him. He then proceeded to put on his robe, adjusting it carefully. Kylo preferred not to tell her yet about healing her wound using the force. "There's no more time left. We have to leave, now." Rey laughed, amused at his occurrence. "What? Never in a million years, Ren! You're our enemy, a murderer." "You still have no clue; don't you?" He asked, eyes boring into her. "We're alike in so many ways." "No, that's not true. I haven't killed nobo...-" "Almost, a couple of months ago." He was suddenly moving towards her. "I could feel the hatred running through your veins, the urge to become stronger and the disappointment that has started to grow inside of you." With every step he took, Rey would step back. She was almost one step away to being pressed against the rocky wall. "Have any those traitors, murderers and thieves you call friends told you the truth about your parents?" She gasped and her eyes widened. "M-my parents?" "Yes," he said. She could feel his hot breath on her as their faces were only inches apart. "I believe they haven't told you anything." Tears burned in her eyes as she remembered all those years waiting on Jakku for them; her family. The parents she missed so much and left her for unknown reasons. "You could either join me and know more about your origins, or either die like rebel scum with the people that have lied to you all this time." Rey had no other choice but to join Kylo Ren only to discover the truth about her past. Even though she didn't trust him, his words seemed convincing. What does the First Order know about her parents? Could it be true her friends weren't telling her the truth all this time? Not even Master Luke? He took some steps backward waiting for a response. He needed the scavenger for certain reasons that not even the Supreme Leader knew. The girl was going to be a trump card in his secret plans. "I..." Rey swallowed thickly. "I will do it." A tear slid down her cheek. "But only because of my parents, not because of wanting to join the dark side!" Kylo's corners of his mouth turned up and smirked victoriously. "Good. Follow me now. My shuttle awaits for us." Luke had a dull, dejected look on his face. He was already onboard the Millenium Falcon heading to D'Qar. Anyone would have thought Rey was dead, but Luke knew she wasn't. Kylo took her again and this time, it was going to be difficult to get the girl back. Rey had anger growing inside of her lately and that worried him a lot. Her eagerness to kill Kylo Ren and avenge Han was all she could think of. Even though she was ready and demonstrated her proficiency in the force there was still some disappointment in her. That's what really scared the Jedi master. His former pupil and nephew held a lot of anger and other impulsed. The young man wanted to become stronger, even better than him. Perhaps both Kylo and Rey were alike somehow. Before calling himself Kylo Ren, Ben always struggled with the light and dark side. Rey was also following that same path. When they finally landed in D'Qar, many Resistance pilots and soldiers gathered outside. Leia stood in front of the rest with Poe by her side. She wanted to see her brother after all these years being absent. Rey was also coming back to them after months of training with Luke. To Leia, the scavenger was like the daughter she never had. She wore a green dress with a high neckline and long sleeves. Her grayish-brown hair was in her usual updo. Chewie and R2 were the first ones to exit the freighter and then Luke followed. Everyone's murmurs were hearable. Many asked where was Rey and why Luke Skywalker was looking so depressed. Others were of excitement, finally meeting the legend that was Luke. He was there in person but something wasn't right. Leia knew it. Luke walked toward his sister and remained there with his head bowed. The murmurs then stopped. His eyes averted and couldn't look at his sister. "Ben... he, he took her." "Oh my my!" threepio cried in his usual nervous tone. "Not again!" She lowered her gaze and nodded. "I'm sure he won't hurt her, Luke. Rey is a tough woman and has been in worst situations before." "Leia, she still doesn't the truth about Kylo Ren." Luke said with a worried look on his face. "Rey will have to found out sooner or later." "General, Mr. Skywalker, we better get inside the base and discuss further plans there." Poe added. "Finn won't be too happy to hear the news, though." "Yes, let's begin preparations." Leia agreed. "Luke, there's a lot we need to talk about." Luke then stood there and watch how everyone walked back inside the base. At least he was glad to back at home with his people. Chapter 6 : Special prisoner It was a tough decision leaving Ach-to after months living there. Before getting onboard Ren's shuttle, Rey took a last glance and wondered if she'll ever come back again. She also thought about her master's well being who was left behind fighting against the Knights of Ren. They had orders to kill him. Rey wondered if Luke made it back alive to planet D'Qar; back to her friends. For now, all Rey wanted to know was about her origins and somehow The First Order knew about it. Kylo knew the girl could escape anytime, so he did not lower his guard. He was aware that the scavenger was joining him with the intention to find out about her relatives. Ren only wanted her for reasons nobody knew yet. The journey to the Finalizer went quiet. Rey was seated at the ship's command deck, where many First Order officers gave her dirty looks. They obviously disliked her for being part of the Resistance and also Luke Skywalker's apprentice. Rey was mainly responsible for the destruction of their Star Killer base and its super weapon. However, she wasn't intimidated that easily. Rey preferred to look down at her crossed hands instead. Kylo was also there, checking their path over a large monitor. With his back turned on her, Rey threw some quick glances at him. She noticed that Ren's hair grew a bit longer than before. It was still shiny but less voluminous. It matched his dark robes. His back looked strong and shoulders broad, possibly from all the training he has gone through over the years. Rey tried not to look at him that much, especially his face. After all the horrible things he has done to them, she continued feeling remorseful. The dark side took over her body back then and instead of killing him, she slashed his face with anger. Rey always expected a monster behind the mask and not a young man. Was she worse than Kylo Ren? Thankfully, Luke never knew that but started sensing her inner anger and dark thoughts. Just like his old apprentice... the one who turned on him years ago. A sudden shake on the ship surprised Rey. In that moment, Kylo Ren turned to face her. "We'd arrived at our destination. You behaved well this time." "Don't forget I came here with one condition, Ren." She reminded him. "I haven't forgotten about it," Kylo added, "but first you'll need to cooperate." "That depends whether I wish to or not. I have high morals and compassion, something you don't." She responded almost smiling with pride. If she only knew that he, in fact, had compassion... only for two women: her and General Organa. Kylo walked towards her, dark eyes locking with her hazel ones making her feel uncomfortable. Her knees also felt week. Rey didn't want to face him but wasn't going to let him intimidate her either. "That typical defiance of yours won't be tolerated in this place. Let me remind you that everyone sees you as a huge enemy of the Order. Others as scum. It's a no-win situation for you." "The Resistance will soon discover where you've taken me! They're capable people, unlike yo..-" "Guards!" Kylo shouted angrily, sneering at Rey and not letting her finish. Three stormtroopers appeared carrying their blasters in their hands. "Take our special prisoner where she belongs to." "Yes, sir," the three troopers obeyed. One of them grabbed her arm and pulled her forcibly. Rey pulled her arm away and turned to glare at Kylo with defiance again. "Someone like me can handle by itself. I don't need any of your thugs to drag me anywhere." Rey hissed. The stormtroopers and a couple of officers looked at each other confused and feared the worst. Kylo clenched his fists by the sides so hard that he even thought the gloves would tear up at any moment. Before Rey could leave walking past the three guards he threw his arm, freezing her in place. Rey felt her whole body was being crushed and couldn't fight back because she was still exhausted. A small push then set her free from Kylo's fiery hold. He just let go of her, calming his nerves. She deeply gasped catching some air and looked at him. " This is just a test of what my powers are capable of," Kylo said grimly, "At the end of the day, I will tame you!" The brunette stood there heavily breathing and swallowing thickly. The man has become stronger and she began to question if she could really take him on. At this rate impossible. Whoever was training Ren was doing a magnificent job, Rey thought. He could crush her anytime. "Take her." He finally ordered the guards and turning away from her. The young woman's defiance would make him go mad. It made the blood in his veins to boil. One walked past her and ordered Rey to follow him while the other two would walk behind her in case she escaped. As they walked out of the shuttle all she wished was for the Resistance to save her soon. "He took her again?" A desperate Finn asked. "How could you allowed it, man?" "Calm down, buddy. Mr. Skywalker here tried to stop Ren, but he had trouble getting rid of a group of thugs going after him." Poe explained to Finn. Luke remained quiet gazing at the floor with both arms crossed over his chest. This young man was Rey's best friend since she always mentioned him while on Ach-to. Luke knew that the defected Finn represented a hero figure to Rey. He was probably the first person who gave her hope and freedom. The chance to discover other places and most importantly the one who took her to them. They were all in the control room discussing plans on how to get Rey back safely. Leia observed her brother noticing how old he has become. His blonde locks turned grayish and a full beard covered his face. She believed Luke has lived all these years thinking it was his fault what happened to her son. His face expressions weren't the same anymore. Luke used to be very jovial and positive whenever situations like this occurred. Even after all the things their father did to them. "Are you sure he won't hurt her?" Luke suddenly asked Leia. "Your son wants to seduce her at all costs." Leia took a deep breath and licked her lips. "I know my son, Luke. There's still light in him." He nodded slowly. "He does. The problem is he blindly thinks Snoke truly cares about him." "Honestly Luke, I think that Ben knows that Snoke has been exploiting him and that he will get rid of him someday." "I haven't told this to anyone," Luke said walking towards an empty chair and sitting on it, "It's Rey." Leia's brows drew together and then stood in front of Luke. "Rey?" "Yes," he answered. "She's been having many thoughts, mainly dark. I've sensed her anger and disappointment. All Rey wants is to kill... Kylo Ren." Leia's face went pale and rubbed a hand on her forehead. "Sooner or later will have to tell her everything. Let's hope Rey doesn't become a replacement." "Leia, there's more..." Luke said in a worried tone. "General," Treepio called out to her interrupting their conversation, "I think we might just have found where Rey is being held." Finn and Poe hurriedly went to the control room's table joining the rest. "Where is she?" Finn asked the droid impatiently. "It's a First class star destroyer," Treepio informed everyone, "it's heading towards the Kessel system." Leia couldn't take her eyes away from the monitor. Luke stood behind her observing Finn. The former stormtrooper spent two months in a coma after getting his spine fractured by Ren's lightsaber. Luke wondered why didn't Kylo Ren killed Finn especially when he was a major obstacle to his plans. Perhaps Kylo didn't want Rey to suffer by eliminating her friend. After all, he only wanted her to turn to the dark side and for Rey to accept his offer. "We shall make our move Organa before anything happens to Rey." Finn advised her. Leia looked at Finn, "It's not that easy, Finn. I'm sorry." "Look, I know he's your son, but his intentions aren't the best." "Kylo Ren won't hurt her," Luke then added moving beside his sister. "The First Order need Rey alive. Without her, they won't be able to locate the Resistance base." Finn tried to argue with that but noticed that everyone in the room was somehow agreeing with the Skywalker twins. He shared a mutual deep hatred with his rival Kylo Ren. A woman like Rey didn't deserve all that has happened to her lately. It was Ren's fault. Killing his own father and mercilessly ordering the extermination of defenseless villagers like on Jakku. "So we're going to stay here and let them take her away from us? Is that it Leia, Mr. Skywalker?" "No. We will have her back, but you must realize it will take some time." Leia reassured Finn. "Then don't count on me," Finn said feeling frustrated. "If I need to go there and take her back I'll do it. I've done and received worse punishments throughout my life. There's something called justice which I firmly am a believer. Justice will be made." Finn then left the room and Poe decided to go after him. Luke and Leia remained quiet and knew nothing could be done at the moment. Surprisingly, Rey wasn't taken to a prison cell but instead a room. The stormtroopers that led her there order Rey to step inside and when she did the door quickly slid behind her. She tried opening it and even kicked it with all her force but unfortunately with no luck whatsoever. She couldn't get out though unless someone entered the chamber from the outside. Still a prison cell I guess, she thought. The room walls were of a dark gray color and looked pretty much resistant in case of any attack. It had a red tall ceiling with some great illumination. In the middle, there was a large bed covered in black sheets and had three pillows at the top of it. Rey has never slept in such a bed like that one before. She's being accustomed to sleep either on floors like while on Jakku and also very small beds like on Ach-to. Looking around once again, Rey saw another door. When heading there, the door slid open and it was a fresher. That was the most luxurious fresher she's been to ever. It had less lightning that the room but still it was clean. It had a dark wide bathtub and also a shower in the corner. Not waiting any longer, Rey flung off her dirty clothes and dropped them onto the cold floor. She turned on the shower and then jumped in. The hot water pelted her hair and skin and felt great. Rey suddenly remembered her leg wound. It didn't hurt anymore and to her surprise, it was healed too fast. How could such a deep wound heal in one day? "What just happened after falling from the cliff?" Rey asked herself trying to remember the events. Ren probably carried her out of the water and into the cave just like he did on Takodana. His arms felt strong whenever he held her like that. He could also tower over her. All men she has met before have been her same height but Ren was the tallest so far. Still rubbing her wound a thought came to her mind. Maybe Kylo Ren saved her life and healed her... somehow. That's why he told her about not being ungrateful to others. Rey hoped that wasn't the case. She didn't want to owe that bastard anything. Then she remembered the moment he got closer to her back in the cave. Her cheeks burned and her heart beat faster. Ren did the same thing when he interrogated her but as usual, she turned away not to face him. He's been the only man to get that close to her, not even Finn. "Why am I thinking about that monster?" She wondered. Turning the shower off, Rey then stepped out and pulled a towel around her wet body. Picking the dirty clothes from the floor, she proceeded to walk back to the chamber. When she began drying herself with the towel, a set of new clothes laid on the bed. They looked identical to the ones she wore on Ach-to but darker. At first, she thought about not wearing them at all, but then what happened to the ship by defying him and it didn't help her in the end. Even though Rey wanted to finish Kylo Ren off, she needed time to get information about her relatives that apparently, he knew. Rey thought about her friends and when would they come to save her. Sometimes she hated how they put themselves in danger. It was going to be a tough job for the Resistance this time to get there. Before she could drop the towel on the floor and put on the new clothes, the sound of a sliding door opening behind her made the brunette jump. When she turned around, it was no other than Kylo Ren stepping inside the room. Chapter 7 : The truth His gaze moved up and down Rey’s body as she stood there wrapped only in a towel. Kylo knew she wasn't pleased to see him when he walked through the door. Rey quickly brushed aside as he walked right past her, indifferently, stopping in front of the bed. The fresh, clean scent of her filled his nostrils and enveloped him too. However, Kylo was careful not to touch her, ignoring the urge to pull her against him as he’d done before with past females. He kept reminding himself that this was the girl who disgraced him. Rey readied herself for any attempt. He could be capable of doing anything to her especially in such situation. There were times when Unkar Plutt thugs repeatedly tried to molest her. Whenever she came to help him, Rey could feel Plutt's eyes all over her at times. Once, the blobfish had the audacity to offer Rey a better life and more food portions with the condition of sleeping with him. Those unwanted advances made Rey sick to the stomach. “Enjoying your new surroundings?” Ren suddenly asked, looking at the clothes lying on the bed. “Not really," Rey answered, "especially when someone doesn’t respect others privacy." Ren slowly turned around to face Rey. “Getting the wrong impression of me, I see.” He then started walking towards her. "It seems you keep forgetting who's in charge here." “Stay back...” Rey ordered him as she took some steps backward and wishing she had the blue lightsaber with her in that moment. Kylo stopped and lifted an eyebrow. “Trust me, I’m not that type of man. Also, you’d be the least thing for me to take advantage of." “Oh?" She said sarcastically. Her back mere inches from the wall as he stood in front of her. She hated making eye contact with this man but needed to prove that he didn't intimidate her. " You kidnapped me once and against my will. Also, if I remember correctly, you were inside my head , reading my deepest thoughts, without any consent... ” “And you fought it, resisted it," Kylo added boring his eyes into her hazel ones. "Later on, you did the same thing to me." He continued, taking two more steps. "That I was afraid of never becoming stronger than him... Stronger than my grandfather, Darth Vader ." Rey gasped and her eyes widened in horror for that revelation. Darth Vader was the evil half man/machine who terrorized the entire galaxy for years. He committed atrocious acts against many innocent people and caused Luke to lose an arm while fighting him back then on Bespin. Rey thought Kylo Ren was just obsessed with Darth Vader and wanted to be like him. But there was something different with Ren she couldn't decipher yet. "D-Darth Vader.." She gasped, "was your grandfather?" "Yes," Kylo answered. "As his only grandson, my goal is to finish what he started even if it means to destroy those who oppose like the Resistance." Rey shook her head in denial and blinked. "No, it can't be..." Kylo smirked. "You know it's the truth. Looks like Skywalker hasn't been too honest. All this time, you've been using a weapon... that rightfully belongs to me." "Weapon?" Rey asked confused, still shaken by the revelation. "The lightsaber," Ren answered grimly. "The one you and that traitor stole from me." "But Luke told me it was his father's..." Suddenly, a horrific realization shook Rey. She released a pent-up breath that was shaky and her hands felt numb. "Skywalker and the Resistance lied to you, just like they did to me." He said observing her. "Now that you know everything it's time to join me and together we will rule the galaxy." Rey let anger build inside of her and gritted her teeth. "Never! I will never join a monster like you!" She yelled, eyes burning with hatred. Before he could say anything else, Rey quickly threw her arm at him with the intention to force push him away. However, the dark warrior grabbed it tightly before she could have done so. With a snarl, Kylo then grabbed her by the shoulders shoving her to the wall. He was getting tired of this girl's typical defiance and surprise attacks. He swore to tame her and make things go his way. Kylo felt she still needed more training, it wasn't complete yet. Perhaps Luke feared that his apprentice would turn to the Dark Side not showing the girl everything she needed to know. Having her so close, Ren wished to explore her warm and smooth flesh under his cold hands. Even though they despised each other, there was no doubt that she was desirable, especially seeing her body only covered in a towel. Probably she was a maiden too, he thought. "First you willingly accepted to come here," he said firmly as she struggled still. "Then, you attempt to kill me again!" He grunted as Rey nearly shoved him off. "Why is it that every time we meet you must attack first?" Rey couldn't brush him off, "Stop! Let me go!" "You... you also left me to die back there, ran to aid FN-2187, and in return gave me this scar!" She could finally see his facial scar, the one she gave him out of rage. It crossed the bridge of his nose and ended on his right cheek. The flat scar healed and was a little bit darker than his pale skin tone. However, it was thin and not visible if there was not great lightning. Rey tried to hold back her tears and shut her eyes, tears slid down her cheeks and she repeated softly, “Please, stop." Kylo released his hold on Rey and turned to walk out the door. "Rest. Tomorrow we will be arriving at planet Kessel. We will be meeting someone important there." He finished saying and never looking at her before exiting her room. Rey didn't say a word still trembling from what just happened. The man who killed Han Solo was his own son and Leia's. Also Luke's nephew and Vader's grandson. Kylo was a Skywalker by blood and the chosen one's grandson. The lightsaber really belonged to him and she almost killed him with it. Why did Luke never told her the truth? Why did they all lie to her? She carefully walked to the bed and sat on the edge. Rey still felt remorseful of what she did to Ren and wanted to tell him. When Finn was on the verge of dying, her thoughts ofter switched to Ren's fate too. "Why Luke?" Rey wondered. "Why didn't you told me the truth?" Entering his quarters in a bad mood, Kylo raised both hands into view and took a glance at them. He could still feel the girl's warm flesh. He removed the dark gloves roughly and tossed them aside. As usual, his hands were cold. That's how his soul felt almost everytime too. Kylo led a miserable life since the day he was born. There was a void in his life no one or nothing could fill. His parents didn't spend too much time together and whenever they did it was all arguments between both. They shouted at each other in front of him and sometimes Luke needed to intervene.The only time he felt 'great' was with his childhood friends. They all played roughhouse and came home all filthy in need of a bath. His mother would get mad at first but knew it was a child's thing to do as fun. They also spend time fixing droids, equipment and learning how to cook. At the age of eight, he was the one to fix and give Treepio his red arm. He used to be a lanky kid until he was sent to Skywalker at the age of ten. He became stronger, grew taller and gained muscle due to training on the ways of the force. Then the Supreme Leader offered him more power and determination. After knowing the truth of his grandfather and how his family lied to him Kylo joined the First Order. The Skywalkers were ruining his life just like they did to Lord Vader. They were mainly responsible for weakening him and for the Empire to collapse. There shouldn't be such a thing as compassion. Kylo took Vader's helmet from the ashtray and sat on his chair. He held it on hands and observed it thoughtfully. "Grandfather, show me the way to block any drop of compassion toward others. It leads to the light... and this girl... she's making it worse." He always felt compassion for her but now Kylo desired her too. It was normal for dark side users like him to develop lust, but it could be a fatal blow too. Putting the helmet down on a table, he walked to the fresher and stood in front of a mirror. There was his scar, burning as if he just received it in that moment. A scar she gave to him and other worse things. All the scavenger felt for him was pure hatred, nothing else. It was time to put those feelings aside and focus on turning her to the Dark Side. He also needed to destroy the Resistance one and for all. Tomorrow both were going to meet Supreme Leader on Kessel whether she'll like it or not. She was the niece of the leader of those thieves and traitors. The leader of the Seven clan . Chapter 8 : Meeting Snoke Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) And together we can rule the galaxy. Join me. JOIN the dark side! "NO!" Rey yelled waking up startled and breathing fast. She looked around, wishing everything was just a terrible nightmare but it wasn't. In reality, she was still on board the Finalizer with the enemy. Same dark room and surroundings from last time. It was so different from Ach-to where the early morning sunlight passed through the hut's windows illuminating greater part. Until Rey couldn't find out about her parents she was going to be unable to return back to her friends. Tucking her hair behind her ears Rey got out of bed. She rubbed her arms with both hands feeling cold.It made her think of Ren's strong hands grabbing her tightly. For the second time, both were so close just like that night in the cave. Rey was still disturbed of knowing he was a Skywalker. Not only he killed Han, his own father, but perhaps Luke's apprentices many years ago. She was starting to suspect Ren was that boy who struggled with the dark side so much, and the one who delayed Luke's plans to restore the new Jedi order. But why? He had everything, but more importantly a family. General Organa was a princess and senator, also a very respectable woman inside the New Republic. Leia appeared to be a great person. Why would her son be against her? It saddened Rey that a son was fighting against his own family and worst; killing his father with no remorse. Who made you turn out like this , she wondered. Certainly, it couldn't only be the memory of his late grandfather. Rey believed that there must be someone else involve in all this. She then remembered they will be arriving on a planet, forgetting its name for being so shaken by last time's revelation. Not wasting more time she washed her face and started to get dressed in her new dark outfit. Her hair was pulled back in her usual three buns. Each time it was getting more difficult to style it since it was longer than before. That was the only hairstyle Rey knew how to do. The memory of her beautiful mother came over. She taught Rey to do her hair at the age of four. Her mother always wore nice long dresses and traditional headscarves which covered her softly loosened curls. Rey thought she was a natural beauty, not needing any makeup to accentuate her features. The day both her parents abandoned her on Jakku, the mother squeezed little Rey into a deep hug, kissed her forehead repeatedly while sobbing at the same time. "Don't worry sweetheart, I'll come back for you..." That was the last thing Rey's mother told her before getting back to the ship and leaving her in the hands of Plutt. Rey screamed for them to come back many times but the ship already was too far away in the sky. Rey took a deep breath trying hard not to break into tears. The memory of them leaving that day break her heart into pieces. This time, she needed to ask Ren to tell her everything because it was the only thing that mattered to Rey. Of course, he could be lying and not know anything just to continue his manipulation. But it didn't seem like it. The man sounded very convincing. The door then slid opened and two stormtroopers entered carrying their blasters. Then another man showed up dressed in a high-rank officer uniform. His face was pale, hard, and unfriendly. "Well, if it isn't the scavenger scum that was responsible for the destruction of my precious weapon." Rey's jaw clenched for how rude this man was. "Did Ren sent you here to insult me?" "I'm General Armitage Hux, and negative." He answered. "Let's just say this my personal way of greeting... you." Rey rolled her eyes and crossed her arms over her chest. She really wanted to punch the bastard in the face and send him flying out of the room by using the force. Such an arrogant man, typical of First Order officers. "I see. What do you want then? Hux glared at her coldly and unyielding. "We just arrived at planet Kessel. You'll be now escorted out of the star destroyer. Ren and Supreme Leader are expecting you." She narrowed her eyes as she looked at him. "...Supreme Leader?" "Correct," Hux answered. "Now if you don't mind, please step out of the chamber." "Who's this Supreme Le..-? "Now," Hux ordered her again not letting her finish the question. Having no other option, Rey did as he commanded. She walked ahead with the two stormtroopers following behind. Before they could leave, one trooper handcuffed both of her hands roughly. She sighed. "Like I would run away in a place surrounded by guards fully armed to the teeth." "We need to make sure you don't pull another one of your... escapades, like last time." Hux reminded her with a mock expression on his face. "Go and take her to the base." "Sir," The stormtroopers obeyed, taking her to meet Kylo Ren and Snoke back at the southern Kessel base. Finn was growing impatiently as hours passed with no further news of Rey. It frustrated him that no one could take any type of action to save her. He attempted to do it by himself with the aid of Chewie but only to be stopped by Poe. The Resistance pilot could talk some sense into Finn and the latter desisted in the end. The people inside the control room looked exhausted with the exception of C-3PO. Finn was upstairs, observing everything from a large glass window. So far all they knew was that the First Order was heading towards Kessel system. Leia mentioned how dangerous the planet was which was greatly visited for its mines. Han once was sent there to deliver spice to certain wealthy criminal families back in Coruscant. Wookies were also enslaved to work in these mines and harvest spice. However, Kessel's southern part was the home of the Royal family who didn't care about the harsh conditions slaves endured. Both Leia and C-3PO believed the First Order must have some connections with the royals if they were going to that location. "Are you doing alright, buddy?" Poe appeared handing Finn a cup of coffee. Finn thanked him and sipped on his coffee. "I'm trying to, Poe. Even though I want to rush over there and bring her back there's a higher chance we won't make it alive." The pilot's eyebrows rose and let out a sigh. "Rey is a tough girl and was trained for months by Mr. Skywalker. If she could beat Ren once she can do it again." "Luke just told me she's unarmed this time," Finn added. "He found the lightsaber lying on a cliff where she and Ren fought." Recognition dawned on Poe's face. "You mean the blue lightsaber used to defeat Ren?" Finn nodded, "That one. Without it, I'm afraid Rey doesn't have any chance against him." "But she's powerful in the force," Poe insisted, "Look, if Ren really wanted to hurt Rey he would have done it already. Leia and Mr. Skywalker believe that he just longs to turn Rey to the dark side." "She won't do it, man. That I know is never going to happen." "Why are you so sure about that?" Poe asked sipping on his coffee. Finn smiled. "Because Rey has strong morals and has witnessed cruelties committed against innocent people." "You love her don't you?" The former stormtrooper almost spilled coffee out of his mouth after been asked that question. He didn't know what to answer, though. Yes, he fell for Rey the first moment they met on Jakku. However, Finn was a realist person. What she felt wasn't the same thing. He was like the friend she never had and the only guy Rey could confide in. Before Rey could leave to find Luke's whereabouts she gave a comatose Finn a kiss on his forehead calling him 'friend'. In that instance, Finn knew she would never reciprocate those feelings back. Finn pressed he pressed his lips together for a moment as if choosing his words carefully. "I do, but I'm not sure she does like that." Poe gave him a light pat on his back. "Whatever happens, you both will always share a deep bond. That's what should really matter, buddy." "Yeah," Finn mumbled trying not to sound disappointed. Both men went downstairs to see if there was any news. Kylo bowed his head before Leader Snoke. He expected Kylo to give a report of what happened back in Ach-to. The dark leader was sitting on his throne made of stone looking grim and thoughtful. Whenever Snoke had such hardened expressions it meant he wasn't in the best of moods. It concerned Kylo sometimes since he wanted to show his master how truly efficient he was compared to simpleton Hux. All those years training under his guidance and tutelage could not by any means be thrown away. They were significant to Kylo, meant a lot to him. He became stronger thanks to his master after realizing that Skywalker's training was for the weak. "You're finally back from the mission," Snoke said breaking the silence in the room. "Report what went on there." The sound of the planet's wind roared outside and was clearly audible in the throne room. As usual, it was dark and just a small single ray of light from the highest part of a wall illuminated the room behind Supreme Leader reaching Ren too. "We prepared to ambush Skywalker and take him by surprise. Visibility wasn't much only for a few lightning strikes." "I see," Snoke added. "Go on." "On our way to Skywalker's hideout, we encounter someone else. Heavily strong with the force and carrying my grandfather's lightsaber." Snoke stood up from the stone chair giving the dark apprentice a curious look. "Strong... in the force you say?" "Yes," Kylo answered noticing the sudden change of his master. "I then sent my men to take care of Skywalker." "Did they dispose of him?" The Supreme Leader quickly asked. Kylo lowered his gaze to the floor. "Unfortunately he overpowered them, killing one knight in the process." The dark side master sat back on his chair trying to still his breathing. Kylo sensed that the news strongly upset him. Before he could add anything else Snoke proceed to talk again. "What about the girl? The one that keeps humiliating you." Turning to look away Kylo boiled with fury. He ground his teeth and clenched his jaw so tight, it hurt. There were times he just wanted to ignite his lightsaber and finish it all off. Rule the galaxy and crush those who could dare to ridicule him. He was tired of getting orders. However, Kylo needed to wait and get stronger before doing so. "I sense anger in you, Kylo Ren," Snoke added grimly. "Better save those feelings for another time." "Forgive me, Supreme Leader," Kylo said calmer than before. "The girl... she is here with one condition." Snoke squinted his eyes at Kylo. "And what was that?" "About the truth of her parents fate which I learned from the Knights of Ren." A stormtrooper then entered the throne room and walked towards Ren. "Sir, the girl here as you requested." "Good, let her in," Kylo ordered him. Rey was taken inside the room by a stormtrooper. The place gave her cold chills and it got worse when she saw him standing there. Ren stared at her with no facial expression whatsoever. In front of him, there was a frail looking man sitting on what it looked to be a throne. His neck was very thin and had visible two scars; one on his cheek and another large one at the top of his head. When the guard left, Rey could still feel Ren's eyes on her. That heated look of his. They both stood beside each other. Ren thought the outfit suited her especially the fitted pants. The pants defined her great pair of legs and curves. He rapidly brushed those thoughts aside. Supreme Leader was present at the moment and was capable of sensing his pupil's emotions. Kylo needed to make sure the girl cooperated. Her hazel eyes surveyed the area until a deep voice made her jump. "Is this the one who trained under Skywalker's guidance?" "That'll be correct," Kylo answered turning to look at her. "She's the one who resisted my mind probe." She turned to look at him meeting his gaze this time. Rey started to find the way he looked at her uncomfortable but in a strange way. It irradiated a severe intensity she'd never felt before. Even though Rey spent time living around men while on Jakku none gave her that intensity she felt with Ren. There was something different with him. "So what you said about her is true," Snoke added observing the girl. "Come closer." Seeing she wasn't following orders Kylo grabbed her arm, "Do what he says or he'll dispose of you easily. This isn't a game." "I've never said it was," she said yanking her arm from his grasp. "I gave you an order, girl." The Supreme Leader's voice sounded menacing this time. Without any other options, the brunette took a few steps forward to meet the frail looking man. To say she wasn't nervous was a lie. Apparently, this man was the leader of the First Order and held tremendous power. Even Ren, the second in command, was one of his loyal followers. His skin color looked like of someone that could be very sick; completely drained. "Tell me your name." She swallowed thickly, licking her chapped lips. "Rey. I'm Rey." "Before undergoing training with Luke Skywalker you were proficient already in the force." Snoke peered at her with suspicion. "Did you had any prior training?" Rey fluttered her eyes, "I was just a scavenger trying to survive on a desert planet, that's all." "Somehow I'm not convinced," Snoke added leaning back on his seat. "A mere scavenger highly capable of wielding a lightsaber with no prior experience before?" "At first the force was something unknown to me. Many believed it was just a myth, I did too." There was a brief silence before Snoke spoke again. "My apprentice here has valuable information about your relatives with the help of the Knights of Ren." Her heart felt as if it were going to jump out of her chest. Ren was telling her the truth all this time. Her sacrifice was not in vain after all. Rey felt now desperate than ever. "That was the only reason I came here! I need to know about my parents!" Snoke could now use the girl with the help of Kylo Ren. Both could join forces together under his command giving the First Order an advantage against the Resistance and Republic. After he gets tired of manipulating Han Solo's son, the girl will be his next apprentice in the long run. At any moment Ren could be pulled back to the light with being so conflicted about it, just like Vader. Killing his own father didn't work either and weakened the boy in the end. The Supreme Leader also thought about the possibility of Ren breeding the scavenger knowing their offspring would be more powerful. He sensed Ren's desires and the lust rising deep within him. "Come closer my young apprentice," he ordered Kylo. He did stepping closer to them. Snoke didn't stand up but looked at them carefully. "From now on, your mission is to teach the girl. In case she attempts to betray us it will be your task to eliminate her. We must be aware of any Resistance attack." Kylo glanced from Snoke to Rey who looked quite shocked. Finally, he was going to lure her to the dark side. "I will do as you command, Supreme Leader." Notes: Taking a break after publishing two chapters in a row. I'll be working on Ch.9 soon whenever my job allows me to! Thanks for reading and hope you enjoy. Chapter 9 : Training begins Rey was given a large and spacious room inside the base, very different to the one back at the Finalizer. Like always, she didn't sleep well thinking about Snoke words that kept crossing her mind. Things turned complicated, especially now that she was forced to train with Ren. Both couldn’t stand each other but certainly, he was not going to quit on his attempts to make her join them. He would enjoy the bitter triumph of her humiliation, and would thus revenge for what she caused him. During moments like this Rey really wished Finn and the rest could take her away. She needed someone to talk to. The only person who could listen to her was Finn, the friend she adored. Even while training with Luke she felt lonely. Is this how a force sensitive feels all the time? Rey wondered. It was just another day trapped within the walls of the First Order. Suddenly, her stomach growled. The food was not that bad but neither that great. Last night dinner they served her little pieces of dry meat, oily black beans, and a pear. The meat didn't have any flavor and made Rey want to throw up. The beans made her gag and Rey almost spit them out in disgust. The pear was the only good thing she could stomach without any problem. It was the first time in her life that she ate something so sweet and delicious. All she ate back home was polystarch bread and veg-meat, while on Ach-to, fish soup. Nothing tasted like this fruit. Rey thought this was how the Order fed prisoners. If she wanted more food her defiance and attitude towards them needed to start changing. Another day seeing him, feeling those dark eyes on her again. Two stormtroopers lead her to meet Kylo in a specific area he chose. As they stepped outside the base, the hot, humid weather conditions embraced the fierce woman. It wasn’t extremely hot like a desert planet, but Rey was already used to it. There was a lot of vegetation around the area. She smelled the earth and vegetation around and somewhat reminded her of Takodana. This planet was also beautiful, she thought. They began approaching what it looked like to be the entrance of a huge cave. This one wasn't dark but deep. When they infiltrate it Rey saw a couple of empty underground mine carts and other tools used for mining scattered around the place. They continued moving deeper into the cave. She then looked up into the great vaulted ceiling where spiky stalactites were sprouting. Rey didn’t even want to imagine if those stalactites detached. Far ahead there were some openings on the rocky walls giving the place some visibility. Water drops could be heard falling from the stalactites. The two guards then stopped and decided to survey the area. They took turns while making sure Rey couldn't get away. There was no sign of Ren and the whole place was eerily quiet. Rey wondered if he changed his mind at the last minute. "Strange, he ordered to bring the prisoner here." One of the troopers told the other one. "Are you sure this is the place?" The other trooper asked. "Positive," he answered, "This is one of Ren's training spots. Only a few people know about this place." "It gives me the chills." "This place surely suits him too-" " Leave us," Ren ordered with a firm resounding voice that startled both men, even Rey. He was standing behind them displaying an unpleasant look. Both stormtroopers obeyed their master, leaving in a hurry. Rey remained there with Ren alone. She then turned around to meet him and saw that he was instinctively grasping on his lightsaber hilt. She knew Ren had the advantage to defeat her and not even using the force would give her the upper hand this time. His thin facial scar was highly visible but she tried not to look at it. They stood in an awkward silence for a moment, the two of them, staring at each other, holding their gaze while they both stayed still. Kylo could sense some fear in the girl since she didn't have a lightsaber nor any other weapon in her possession. All Rey had was use the force but not even that could kill him. His training was completed except hers. Ren had the scavenger cornered and defenseless. Rey sighed and decided to talk first breaking the awkwardness between them. "If you're planning to humiliate me from now on I suggest not wasting your time. Let's just end this.. by killing me now." He silently gazed at her. "Is that what you really wish for? To die never learning the true power of the force?" "Do I have another choice?" Rey added with a tremble in her voice. "I'm unarmed, surrounded by enemy forces. Eliminate me and tell your master that I attacked first." Kylo walked past Rey brushing his shoulder against her and thoughtfully chewed his bottom lip, "Tell me, why do you think he wants me to teach you?" She blinked, "But it was you the one who insisted.." "True, however, the Supreme Leader has other plans in mind." He added turning to face her. She diverted her gaze from his this time, "Plans?" Kylo noticed that she frequently avoided eye contact with him. " That can be discussed later, we're here for other businesses." "Tell me," Rey demanded. "Both of you had these plans that have to do with me now. I deserve to know." "It doesn't have to do with your training." He said irritated. "Those of mine haven't changed, and if I play my cards right it'll work." Rey wanted to insist again but saw that Ren gripped the hilt harder. It wasn't the best time to infuriate him knowing how temperamental the man was. Even though she wanted everything to be a simple nightmare it wasn't. Kylo Ren was never going to kill her and Rey was from now on forced to obey him and Snoke. "Enough," Kylo said, clipping his lightsaber to his belt. "I won't kill you that easily, or did you just forgot about the fate of your family?" Her heart jumped into her throat. How could she forget about them? All Rey thought about was of dying, but her family never crossed her mind during that moment. She swallowed thickly and sadly replied. "...No." "Good," Kylo said. "The Skywalkers including those you call friends are dishonest. They lied to me and so they did to you. Start trusting in my words if you don't want to end up being all weak and useless." Rey couldn't help but feel sorry for General Organa. Obviously, Snoke brainwashed her only son to the point of making him hate his own family. The Skywalkers may have lied to her, but they were still caring people who probably had no choice. But he was right in one thing; to begin trusting him even when she didn't. Rey was about to start acting as if she did though and maybe also convince Ren to come with her and back to his family. To also redeem himself and reject Snoke. What if she was the one destined to pull Kylo Ren back to the light side? Rey wasn't sure if she'll ever forgive him for killing Han and injuring Finn, but she would do it for Leia, Han Solo and also Master Luke. "What should I do first?" Rey asked observing him again. "...Start by crafting your own lightsaber," he answered. She gasped. "But I am not ready for that yet! Luke told me it wasn't easy especially by not having the proper pieces.." Kylo took a deep breath and tried to hold his patience, "Kessel has caves nearby where you can find kyber crystals and other supplies. After you broke my lightsaber, I acquired some and fixed it." Already finished talking, he then started to walk his way out of the cave leaving an inexperienced Rey to begin her task. "Wait!" She called out. Kylo stopped and turned his head to look at her. "How much time do I have?" "By tomorrow morning, everything must be completed. Do not fail." He answered before turning to walk away. Kylo was beginning to wonder if the girl was capable of completing such task. Sure, Skywalker trained her with the basics and defense but still incomplete. Kylo had the urge to challenge her and see what were going to be the results in the end. On his way back to the base he thought about other things. He felt a weird pain in his chest after she told him to kill her. As if continuing on living was pointless in her mind. He still sensed that loneliness within her. It was the same abandonment issues he experienced while being a kid. They both had something in common; abandoned by their families in very difficult times. Somehow this girl reminded him of his mother. Both were strong-willed women and tough. He always wanted to marry someone who shared his mother's qualities. Perhaps that's why he was attracted to the girl. Those hazel eyes, bright and alive. Lips that were tempting him, pushing him to the edge of reason. Her body, skin... He needed to get control over his irrepressible desire for her. They were going to continue seeing each other and train together. This also meant Kylo would have to protect her, including from Supreme Leader. Snoke had this tendency on replacing apprentices for stronger ones. Kylo realized his true motives after seeing how his master's interest switched on the girl now. He could hear Han Solo's words still echoing in his head. While meditating, there were times he felt the presence of his father. Snoke will crush him and the girl will become his next apprentice. Kylo knew this now, but he needed more time to complete her training and for him to become stronger. That was his plan, to overthrow Snoke with her aid and rule the galaxy together. Together... Walking with heavy steps down the hallway that leads to his quarters, Kylo encountered Hux. He looked at Ren in his usual unfriendly way, holding both hands behind his back. "I'm quite appalled you and Supreme Leader let that rebel stick around after all the trouble she's caused." "The girl is an essential key to us," Kylo duly responded. "Take charge of your useless troops, General, and don't interfere in personal matters." Before Kylo could continue his way toward his quarters, Hux stopped him using one of his insulting remarks, "Again giving me moral lessons, I see. General Organa failed to entrust her own son about this, and now she's paying the consequences. What a failure of a mother. Her foolish son will end up killing her and will continue to make more mistakes." Kylo Ren slowly turned around and in response began to force choked Hux. The red-haired man put both hands around his throat, gasping for air like a sea creature out of the water. Ren had his arm extended and teeth gritted. His fiery eyes boring into a defenseless Hux. "..R-en.." Hux blurbed unable to breathe. His skin was turning blue from the lack of air. Not loosening his grip around Hux's neck he finally said, "I can kill you right now, break your neck in the process. But then Supreme Leader and I... would have to look for a better highly capable person to lead an army. Unfortunately, many are simpletons like you, General." With a careless pull, he let go of Hux who landed on his knees and began coughing. "We have some matters to deal with." "Start to get used to the girl being around us," Kylo said, leaving Hux who was still trying to catch some air. There were a couple of glowing crystals in the corner of a dark cave. At first, Rey did not have much luck, but this time she finally found them. She was impressed by their beauty and shape. They were of a yellow color and all natural gems. She took three of those crystals with her and continue the search for other supplies to build the hilt. It was like scavenging for goods all over again. Ren was crazy if he thought crafting a lightsaber would take a day. For many force users, this could take months. Luke used the force to build his green one before he could take on Darth Vader. He also believed Rey could someday be capable of doing the same before engaging Kylo Ren for the second time. That afternoon she climbed rocks, walked through a forest, even searched in a small river with a flowing waterfall ahead. She removed her booties and began looking near the shore. The water reached her knees while moving closer to the bottom, being careful not to drown. It was all rocks and dirt until she stepped on something that made her fall backward. Grabbing the object and lifting it within view Rey's eyes widened. It was a piece of what it looked like to be a staff, identical to the one she had. This one had the form of a lightsaber hilt. The weapon felt comfortable to hold and grip tightly. The next task was to get back to Ren's cave and study the piece carefully. Time was running up and darkness began to approach. Rey spent the entire night meditating and trying to learn the ways on how to craft it. She introduced the small yellow crystals inside after so many frustrated attempts. She knew it was time to test it soon before dawn. The girl closed her eyes and used telekinesis to make the weapon float. Then, there was a sound of a lightsaber igniting in the middle of the night. Early the next morning, Kylo went back to the cave to find Rey lying on the floor sleeping in a fetal position. She folded her jacket to rest her head on it. At night, the place gets cold and she didn't even lit a fire to keep herself warm. How foolish , he thought. Kylo stood there watching her sleep soundly. He contemplated her pureness all the way through. Pure, something he wasn't and never will be. Everyone, including the girl, saw him as a monster and not capable of displaying any compassion. He created chaos around the galaxy for years, made enemies, and committed genocide. The table where he kept the ashes of his enemies fed his ego and pride, though. Those traitors gave him plenty of scars. If FN-2187 ever appeared again Kylo would surely kill him this time. The hatred towards the former stormtrooper hasn't vanished since the first time he betrayed the Order. The biggest satisfaction was taking the girl away from him and succeeding in doing so. Kylo really desired on doing two things: to have the ashes of the leader of the clan, and those of FN-2187. Unbeknown to Rey, the leader of the clan was related to her and also very wealthy. The man and his youngest brother were force sensitives but untrained. Both brothers were also traders thus acquiring his grandfather's lightsaber from the black market. They offered a high amount of money to obtain the valuable weapon. The girl was just the daughter of the leader's brother. Kylo then noticed that she was holding something against her chest, guarded by both arms. He kneeled down to get a better look. He swore it was a lightsaber hilt but her arms positioning made it difficult to see clearly. Before Kylo could lay a hand on her, the girl quickly opened her eyes. Rey's heart jumped seeing how close he was and hastily brushed aside, away from him. Not wasting time, Rey stood up and then ignited her lightsaber. A yellow light was emanating from it and flashing through Ren's calm eyes. "Excellent," he said looking up at her and still in a kneeling position. "You've completed the first task." Rey was breathing hard, holding the weapon with both hands. "Did I?" "Yes," Kylo responded slowly rising up, "And honestly I underestimated you." Rey remained on guard and studied each of his moves for any surprise attack. "Still ungrateful," He said taking a deep breath. "And why should I thank you, Ren?" He smirked at her and turned around. "For many things, but you will soon..." Igniting his ragged saber, Kylo charged at Rey and both lightsabers clashed against each other. "Wha-What's the meaning of this-?" She asked grinding her teeth while blocking his attack. Such attack was lethal and thankfully she was on guard this time. "It means our training begins now, REY. " Chapter 10 : The belle and her knight “Good, scavenger,” Kylo praised Rey after the latter blocked his attack. "Sharpen those hidden abilities." Both separated to study each one of their moves. Ren began to circle her and Rey followed him with her eyes attentively. He spun his lightsaber and stopped moving. "Those red, fiery eyes it's how you're supposed to look at an opponent." "And you happen to be one," Rey added before charging at him with force. Lightsabers clashed and both pushed against each other with neither of the two separating. Every time he blocked her attacks, Rey could begin to feel the rage growing inside of her. It was frustrating how every one of her attacks resulted useless against the dark warrior. The Rey noticed that he was only using one arm against her. Perhaps she wasn't a strong opponent to him anymore. "Yes, I can feel the anger in you," Kylo said in a deep tone, "Embrace it, Rey. Feel it!" This made Rey start hitting his lightsaber harder using both of her hands. Was she this close to the dark side? The sensation of power, dominance and rage felt great. However, Rey was conscious of not falling for it as Luke always warned her. That is what Ren wanted, so she needed to be extremely careful even if she found such sensations pleasurable. With his free hand, he forced pushed her a few feet away from him. Rey landed on her bottom and it made her fury rise. "That's not fair, Ren!" His eyes narrowed and spun his lightsaber again, "The use of the force is acceptable during the sparring time. It seems you weren't focusing." "Why... are you doing this?" She asked glaring at him. "Clearly you're stronger than I, and humiliating me won't solve your inner conflicts." "Stand up," He ordered her, "You are the one humiliating yourself. Stop pretending on being weak." Rey sighed and licked her chapped lips. With no other option, she stood up and ignited the weapon again. Maybe he was right after all. It was the time she brushed all negative thoughts aside. The same happened while training with Luke. She took another deep breath and gripped the lightsaber tightly with both hands. Clashing sounds could be heard all day long outside the cave. During their time sparring, Rey learned Kylo's force push trick. He made her levitate rocks and throw them as far as she could. Back on Ach-to, levitating heavy objects and throwing them never occurred. Ren's training resulted tougher and more difficult. Darkness began to fall and Kylo decided to conclude the day. The girl looked exhausted and both were in need of a shower. "Will resume your teachings tomorrow. Now let's get back to the base and rest for the night." She didn't say a word and followed him. All Rey wanted was to go to bed and sleep profoundly. The man walked with such confidence and determination, she thought. He was very ruthless with no remorse, but she wondered how could he still be unmarried. There's got to be women around the galaxy that must love power. Ren commanded armies and was feared by some of his enemies. Not only that but he was tall with broad shoulders, had a manly face, voluminous hair, and strong hands... "Stop it, Rey! He is your enemy and the one who killed Han! " She told herself. "Take the girl back to her quarters," Kylo ordered a stormtrooper awaiting them on the hallway. He then turned to look at her. "Tomorrow you'll be able to walk freely to the training spot." "Does that mean I won't be escorted anymore?" She asked. "What didn't you understand about being able to walk freely?" Kylo asked in a hostile manner. Rey lowered her chin while holding her other arm. She was too tired to even think of starting an argument with Ren so she kept quiet. He noticed this reaction but continued walking towards his destination forgetting about her. The stormtrooper indicated Rey to then follow him. As she did, Rey gave Ren a last glance. Entering his chamber, Kylo tossed his gloves aside and carelessly poured some Corellian wine into a glass. Drinking from it, he walked to the room's balcony and suddenly his facial scar started to burn. Kylo traced his fingers around it. Looking up, the sky was full of stars and the wind speed very low. This room had a spectacular view of Kessel, one of the best in the entire First Order base. He kept thinking about the girl's expression after his rude answer. Even though he disliked treating Rey like some sort of trash, there was no other choice.The Supreme Leader knew that she was a weakness and that Kylo was supposed to fight certain urges. It was quite difficult. He wanted to touch her skin with both his lips and hands, caressed every inch of it and give her the most desirable pleasure she could ever imagine. Of course, Rey was unaware of these feelings of desire and will never consent to anything like that. There were other women he could spend a night with, especially the daughters of some planet rulers. The Knights of Ren had lovers while others were already married. They were the ones who introduced Kylo to his first experience of being with a woman. When he trained with Skywalker there was no time to develop a crush or established any close friendship with a female padawan. All main focus in the Jedi academy was training but that changed after joining the Order. Kylo half smiled remembering how Han Solo always told him that women knew about everything. This girl surely was one. He took another drink from his glass and dried his mouth with the back of his hand. Tomorrow he was going to see her again but not before meeting with Snoke first. He had something important to tell him apparently having to do with the girl too. He turned around and went back to the room setting the empty glass of wine on a table. Before stepping inside the fresher, he took a look at his grandfather's mask. Kylo had another ashtray on this base where Vader's mask was deposited. Compared to the other ashtray at the Finalizer, these ashes weren't of his enemies. These belonged to Darth Vader recovered on Endor. Kylo could recover other things and had them in his possession now. Taking the burned mask in his hands, he looked down at it. "Give me the strength, grandfather," He said swallowing thickly. "This girl... she's the light I'm so afraid of." After a brief pause, "I can't fail like you did. Love... compassion... Do not let me fall for it. " That morning, Snoke and Kylo had breakfast together at the luxurious dining room located inside the base. Only the Supreme Leader, Kylo, General Hux and special guests were allowed to eat in this room. The table was made of dark marble with gold decorations encrusted in its corners. The room had four large windows covered with dark curtains which length reached the floor. The chairs were made from the same material as the table and trays were also made of gold. Both finished eating their food and walked out of the room side by side towards a wall garden hallway. "The girl has been obedient so far, I heard." "She has lowered her defiance and is learning to accept her fate," Kylo said to the tall master. "How were you so capable of convincing her?" "It wasn't that easy," Kylo answered. "She is a rebellious woman driven by instincts." "Very powerful in the force too," Snoke added narrowing his eyes as a single ray of light reflected his eye. Kylo didn't say any word at this and remained pensive. "I sensed the longing you have for this scavenger," Snoke said as he turned to face his apprentice. "Breed her, Kylo Ren." He gasped. "No.. it's not like that Supreme Lead-" "Don't fight the urge," Snoke added firmly. "You need an offspring to continue Vader's legacy." Glancing up to the left Kylo tightened his jaw, "It's true that I can't put such feelings away, but she will never consent to anything having to do with me." "She stopped resisting you, didn't she?" The dark master asked with malice. Kylo wasn't that type of man. The last thing he wanted to do was to hurt Rey or any other woman against their will. He deplored men who abused women and end up breaking them. Even if she was his prisoner he would never force her. "Tonight, King Kadlo will host a dinner for the First Order in his palace," Snoke added. "The scavenger girl will be in attendance too. Take the opportunity tonight, Ren." Kylo nodded. "I must go now, master." "Well then, I'll see you both tonight... decently dressed, especially her." Kylo made Rey spend the whole morning and afternoon using telekinesis to manipulate heavy objects. Rey would get frustrated whenever she failed to try to suspend anything on mid-air. He would order her to bring stalactites down by using the force and even showed her a demonstration. "You will accompany me and Supreme Leader to a dinner hosted by the royal family." He told her while she meditated on the floor. "And hear everyone planning on destroying the Resistance?" Rey asked with sarcasm. "Thanks but I decline." "Snoke won't be too happy. He personally added you to the guest list," Kylo added indifferently. "Like I've told you before, this is not a game." Rey breathed in and out to containing her temper, shooting daggers at Kylo. "Of course, there's no need to remind me. So, what am I going to wear for such occasion, Ren?" "Leave it to me," Kylo answered. "Unfortunately, the rest is up to you." The rest probably was wearing makeup, something she has never worn, and her hair. Rey was no expert in these areas and the only hairstyle she knew how to do was the usual three buns. She needed inspiration and perhaps the memory of her mother could help. All her life she has been accustomed to scavenging under sun exposure and dirt so there was no time to dress up or look differently. "I don't know if I could pull this together..." He observed Rey quietly. "If it was him the one asking, my bet is that you wouldn't give it a thought." Rey drew her eyebrow together, "Him?" "FN-2187, your boyfriend isn't he?" "Finn is not my boyfriend," Rey scowled. "He is the only man I trust, though." “He lied to you,” Kylo added mockingly. "Because Finn... He didn’t have any choice, that’s why!" Rey added crossing both arms under her chest, "Not like others who enjoy manipulating people to their convenience." Kylo chewed on his lower lip. "Have I ever lied to you, Rey? Every time that Ren said her name the brunette dammed her own heart for fluttering. "Well... the truth about my parents, how about that?" “Fine, if that's what you wish to know." He then sat on the floor beside her and closed his eyes as if he was about to meditate. "Both of your parents were wealthy and powerful, also highly respected by their people. The reason they left you on Jakku was... to save their daughter’s life." Her lower lip quivered, "Save me, but from whom?" Kylo didn't answer and she desperately stood up, "From whom? Answer me, please!" "Patience," He said in a louder tone. "The rest you will know in another time. Now, start getting ready for tonight." "Please, don't do this to me..." Her voice trembled slightly. Seeing that Ren wasn't going to tell her anymore an enraged Rey ignited her lightsaber and threatened him with the weapon. He remained calm and seated. "If you do it now, you'll never know the truth. Be glad I haven't lied to you." Rey gripped the hilt harder, tears ran down her cheeks. "But why..?" "Enough of crying," Kylo ordered as he stood up. "Focus on what really matters the most now." Shutting off the lightsaber, Rey stood straight, with her hands clenched at her sides. Suddenly she sniffed and dried her tears. "You better not be," Rey said and proceeded to walk past him back to her quarters. Emerging from the fresher, Rey wrapped one towel around her body and began to dry her hair with another. While doing so, she noticed there was a dress laying on the bed. She moved closer to the bed to take a look. It was a long-sleeved black lace gown with a couple of crystals glued to it. She took the dress and approached a large mirror, and held it up against her body. “Very elegant”, Rey thought. Those type of dresses were only made for Queens and wealthy women around the galaxy like General Organa for example. But according to Ren, she was the daughter of wealthy parents. Rey would have to be wearing clothes like that practically every day. Her parents left her on Jakku in order to protect her. Could have been from Snoke? She was born a force sensitive and either one of her parents must have been strong with the force. Rey wondered if Luke knew them and decided not to tell her. The Skywalkers were good at keeping secrets. Before putting on this dress, Rey preferred to apply makeup and do her hair first. She wanted to look as natural as possible just like her mother back in the old days. The woman wore minimal makeup, leaving hair down in soft curls. That was the look Rey was going to aim for tonight. In the end, Rey wore her hair in a simple half-up bun and the rest in loose curls. After finishing, she finally put on the dress and noticed it revealed her shoulders greatly. The bodice was too tight, however, beautiful. Rey looked like a Queen. The only thing that was making her feel uncomfortable was the bare shoulders. Leaving the room, Rey then encountered Lieutenant Mitaka who seemed to be waiting for her. The young man appeared to be holding some sort of cloak. "Ren sent me to give you this," Mitaka said lending Rey the mantle. "He wants you to wear it tonight." Raising an eyebrow, Rey took it. The cloak was dark blue and made of a soft material. It reached her ankles and had a satin bow to adjust it in around her neck. At least it covered her naked shoulders. It felt heavy on her. "I'm more comfortable now. This dress is too revealing for my taste." “He too chose that dress,” The pale lieutenant pointed out. "The commander says rebels have a pathetic sense of style." Her mouth fell open indignantly. "Since when does Ren chooses for me? Also all he wears are those boring dark robes." Mitaka shrugged. "We better get going, Ren and the Supreme Leader are expecting us." Kylo tried to remain calm while he waited for Rey to arrive. Mitaka was in charge of taking her to King Kadlo's palace. Snoke went inside followed by Hux to meet the King and other guests. Maybe Rey was trying to ridicule him by not getting there on time. The lieutenant sure was incompetent and probably the scavenger tricked the idiot. He walked up and down the terrace in a state of impatience, gritting his teeth. He then turned around from hearing footsteps getting closer. Suddenly it was her, guided by no other than Mitaka. The girl appeared to him a thousand times more beautiful than ever. He certainly gazed in awe at her beauty like a complete fool. Noticing his gaze prowling over her, Rey's cheeks turned pink and held her arm with her other one. "My lord," He called out to Kylo who was still looking at Rey. "Sir..." Kylo came out of his trance and looked at the man. "Y-Yes, leave us now." Mitaka nodded and left and both Kylo and Rey stayed there alone. The dark warrior began approaching her, but the brunette didn't move away this time. Again, her cheeks burned heavily as he stood only inches away from her now towering over her ominously. Long fingers then separated out a single strand of Rey's hair to feel its soft texture. Then, his ungloved fingers traveled to her cheeks and throat. Rey gasped at the sensation of cold hands against the warm skin. He cupped her face and ran his thumb along her lower lip. Kylo couldn't tell where his pulse ended and hers began. "Forgive me," He said to Rey, breathing hard and fast with heated desire. Rey stood there, observing him intently. Her body felt unresponsive to his touch." For what?" He wrapped one arm around her waist, pulling her closer to him, "For this," and kissed. Rey was so surprised she just froze while he claimed her lips. She then opened her mouth and greedily slid him inside, letting her tongue wrap into his. The kiss turned deeper and passionate. Rey let out a soft moan inside Kylo's mouth, and his manhood hardened. Rey moaned again as he now trailed kisses down her neck, licking and devouring the soft skin. Then, he claimed her mouth again. It was even better the second time. Her lips were warm and swollen and she tasted like glory. What made Kylo proud was being the first man to ever kiss the fiery scavenger making her feel this way. The first man to ever make her moan out of pleasure and lose all inhibitions. Kylo wished to provoke her by slipping one finger into her mouth but he desisted from doing so. Breed her, Kylo Ren... Vader's legacy must continue with an offspring of yours... The words of the Supreme Leader could be heard in his head once again. Kylo then broke the kiss and stepped away from Rey. Both breathed heavily. Once again, Rey blushed and gave him a questioning glance. "This... this was a mistake," He finally said catching his breath. "No... you kissed me and I-" "It didn't mean nothing to me!" Kylo snarled at her. "Nothing." Tears shone in her eyes and Rey shook her head in negation, "What a lie." "Think whatever you want," He added raking a hand through his hair. Seeing Rey like that tore him apart, though. "We're nothing but enemies." "...Am I?" She asked in a trembling voice. "Even after what happened?" Before Kylo could give her an answer a royal servant appeared and told them to join the rest inside. Everyone was expecting their presence, including Snoke. Clenching his fists by his sides, Kylo ordered her to go ahead and watched as Rey walked past him. No, he didn't consider her an enemy anymore. That was going to be his true answer. Chapter 11 : Admittance of feelings When Rey made her entrance in the palace’s dining room everyone turned quiet. All looks suddenly were on her. Some of the guests gave her a hostile gaze, including Armitage Hux. Rey observed that all of those who were present on the long dinner table where only males. So far she was the only woman there. It was expected too. Kylo then appeared in the room and apologized to the guests, not acknowledging Rey as she stood there by herself. As if she didn't exist in that moment. As if that kiss didn't just happened either. “Sorry for the delay; your majesty, Supreme Leader.” He said as a royal servant pulled a chair for Ren to sit in it. As he took a seat, King Kadlo greeted him respectfully. "Apologies accepted, Kylo Ren. We were discussing a new ultimate technology that might be useful for the First Order." "I see," Kylo only responded, surveying each of the guests faces on the table. Unfortunately, this time, he was seated beside Hux. He decided on trying to avoid any eye contact with her, but Kylo could still savor the sweet taste of her skin and mouth. It felt incredibly great to him making her moan and experience perhaps her first moment of pleasure. Rey wanted to run away, for all of this to be over. It seemed Snoke only invited her to be humiliated and ignored. Nobody looked at her anymore and the guests proceeded to continue with their talking. Suddenly, King Kadlo noticed this and waved at the girl to join them. "Can this beautiful young lady be so kind to join us?" The king asked her. One servant then pulled a chair for Rey to sit. Everyone went quiet again as they saw Rey walking towards her seat. The servant offered to remove her cape and she let him do so. Her shoulders were now showing making her uncomfortable at the sight of men. "Thank you," she said in a lower tone to both the servant and King. Kylo was seating at the other side of the table, not too far from her. He was the only one not looking at Rey. However, he could sense perversion and lust around the room. This was starting to infuriate him. "May I know your name, miss?" Kadlo asked Rey. She reacted surprised that somebody could be talking to her. She cleared her throat, "I'm Rey, just Rey." "Rey..." Kadlo repeated, "No last name I suppose. Where did you come from?" "She's a mere scavenger from Jakku ," Hux answered for her, drinking from his glass of wine. "Also the one who caused the destruction of the Starkiller weapon." "A scavenger, is that so?" The kind asked amused. "My oh my, appearances are really deceiving gentlemen." Some guests laughed at this. Rey was not going to let the General and others try to intimidate her that easily. "I was also trained by Luke Skywalker, the one many considered a myth. Do you recognize him, your majesty?" Kylo then glanced at Rey and Snoke noticed this. Hux expression turned irritated. "How dare you talk to King Kadlo like t-" "Let her continue, general," King Kadlo interrupted Hux. He then turned to look back at Rey with curiosity. "Quite yes, the name Skywalker has been a myth for centuries." She felt Kylo's eyes over her this time but still Rey carried on not caring. "Well, he isn't. He was training the next generation of Jedi knights until... "Quiet, girl!" Snoke ordered almost yelling at her. "This is not about Skywalker. Enough of your insolence and show decency to the King." Rey pursed her lips and looked down. How stupid of her to try on bringing Luke's name and almost telling King Kadlo about Ren being the one responsible for the Jedi temple massacre years ago. Snoke obviously wasn't going to let her talk, neither to expose his apprentice. To expose Ren as Luke's nephew. Hux smirked his way in victory, while the other men looked at each other confused. Kylo kept staring at Rey and swore she was holding back tears. Dinner was served and the king cheered for the First Order and wished them well. The food looked delicious and some even gave compliments on how good it was. Rey had just lost her appetite and looked up at Kylo. She saw that he wasn't even touching his food and was lost in his deep thoughts. Why didn't he looked at her? He was still ignoring Rey. All she wanted was to walk over to him and slap him across his face. She felt like screaming and tell that he kissed her out there, back in the terrace. To see Snoke's expression after knowing his apprentice had the audacity to kiss the enemy. "Why? Why do you keep doing this to me?" She wondered not taking her eyes off him. "My father had the best academy back on Arkanis and was a highly respected commandant during the Empire rule," Hux told to the men that were engaging him in a conversation. "As his only son, it is my duty to make sure the First Order succeeds against the New Republic and those who oppose." "Didn't Brendol Hux... committed adultery with a whore, general?" Kylo asked before having a drink. The guests broke into laughter while Kadlo and Snoke remained silent. Hux's brows knitted furiously at Kylo. "A whore she wasn't, Ren. Don't get confused, she was a hard-working woman." "I don't consider being an illegitimate son something to be proud of," Kylo added in a mocking tone. "My father was proud of me, look where am I right now," Hux said with his usual bragging. "Proud? Of a weak son? Hard to believe it, general." While Hux continued responding to him like the simpleton he was, Ren took a look at Rey's plate which was still intact with food. Apparently, he wasn't the only one not hungry that night. Since Rey wasn't looking at his direction, Kylo again thought that she was very beautiful. Leia retired early that night to her chamber. Spending hours in the control room was getting tiresome for the middle aged woman. All she wanted was to rest and not be bothered for a while. Sitting on her bed, she took her shoes off and massaged her swollen feet. If Han was still alive he would have given her the best massages ever. When she was pregnant with Ben her back and feet hurt a lot. He would always ease the pain and spoke to Leia the sweetest things ever. They spent much time separated, but she never stopped loving him. Leia then grabbed her two stone ring from the night table and held her on the palm. It was a gift from Lord Mellowyn after Ben was born. She wore the ring as a memory of the son both she and Han both lost to Snoke. Ben, my heart, and joy... I miss you so much. By this time, he would have been married and about to father a child. Luke didn't want to apply the Jedi code like the old Jedi order had. The Jedi were forbidden to marry or even fall in love back then. That was the reason why both their parents suffered so much. Snoke didn't care about Ben's well-being and she hoped for her son to finally see this. There was still some light in him and Rey results to be that light. Both Luke and Leia could sense some darkness in Rey too but the girl had high morals within her. Rey was just like Leia; fearless and noble. The girl also possessed a forgiving trait that Leia considered admirable. What her son has done so far was unforgivable to many, especially to the New Republic. In the end, Ben might face trial or worst; an execution. Rey was most likely their last hope to open Ben's eyes and maybe his heart. Leia wondered if her son was treating Rey right. She trusted Ben wouldn't hurt a woman, he was not capable of such thing. If those two could join forces together they will be unstoppable. "General! General!", the voice of Lieutenant Connix called to Leia outside the room. Leia quickly stood up and went to the door which slid opened. "What's wrong, Connix?" The blonde woman tried to catch her breath. "General, we got informed that Finn left D'Qar on board the Falcon." "Oh no," Leia said rubbing her temple, "Where is he heading to?" "We believe in the Kessel system, where Rey is been held." The young Lieutenant answered somewhat worried. Of course, Finn was insistent on rescuing Rey as soon as possible. The young man couldn't stop thinking about her either. He shared a deep hatred with Ben and the cause was non-other than Rey. Such little patience, Leia thought. "Did you informed Poe Dameron?" "Yes ma'am," Connix replied, "In fact, he went on his chase with two other X-wing pilots." Leia nodded and took a deep breath. "Alright, you and the others wait for me in the control room. We need to contact Poe as soon as possible." As Connix left, Leia thought about talking to Luke first. The next day Kylo was nowhere to be found. Rey searched over the cave and even at the river but there was no sign of the dark warrior. Last night he never spoke a word to her. Rey felt nonexistent and miserable. If this is what he really wanted, humiliating her like that, then Ren won. Rey could still feel those lips against her skin and mouth, his warm tongue stroking over the pulse of her neck. Through the entire night, she relished the sensation of his strong hands on her body, her heart beating faster. Maybe all of them wanted to put Rey on shame and this was just one of his cruel plans. She was going to be aware of his advances from now on. Ren was their enemy and might want to take advantage of her. Sooner or later, Rey would have to get him out of her mind or she would go crazy. The surroundings were all lush vegetation, but the weather was extremely humid that day. If she knew how to swim, Rey would have jumped in the water to take a bath. It felt good enough to bathe in it. Taking some water in her hand, Rey drank from it. This was becoming her favorite spot while being on Kessel. Such a wonderful and magnificent spectacle of nature. Rey sat underneath a tree, leaning her back against it. Thankfully, the ground was dry in that part of the forest. Beauty was everywhere. It could be found in any shape or form, she thought. Even the small plant Rey found back on Jakku had its unique look. She missed some of the nicer scavengers that practically took care of her when Rey was a little girl. They taught her how to survive in there and even lend the girl a hand when scavenging. However, all of those things remained in the past now. Suddenly, the noise of a lightsaber igniting and striking one of the tree branches pushed her thoughts away. The brunette turned to look and it was Ren standing beside her with a hardened expression. His ragged lightsaber was making its usual unstable noise. "What is you prob-" "Our sparring session has begun," Kylo said before charging again at her with his lightsaber. This time Rey rolled to her right, dodging his attack, igniting her yellow lightsaber. She then blocked his blow while still laying on the ground. Both were gritting their teeth as he was building pressure while both weapons clashed against each other. Sparks and smoke flew everywhere. Using her free hand, Rey pulled a rock using telekinesis and shot it right at Ren. Unfortunately, he dodged the object moving rapidly to his left. This allowed Rey time to rise up from the muddy ground. Her three hair buns and back were all covered in mud. She frowned at him, breathing hard and gripping the hilt tightly. "Are you insane? I wasn't even fully alert!" "Never lower your guard." He scowled, pointing his saber at Rey, "I've told you that dozen of times." "Well, I don't recall being training with you at the moment," She spat annoyed. "Then start now," He added, moving towards her. Rey quickly engaged Kylo in another lightsaber duel. Both weapons hitting against each other with none of them giving up. The duel then moved from ground to the water. Both blocked, dodged and moved away from each lightsaber strike. Kylo began pushing Rey towards the bottom of river continuously hitting her saber harder than ever. The fiery girl kept helplessly backing up and the water was already reaching her chest. She couldn't feel the ground anymore and sink. Kylo then paused on his attack. Rey was taking too long on getting back to the surface. Terror overtook his features as he immediately remembered that she couldn’t swim. Switching his lightsaber off, he dived into the cold water, and in a matter of seconds pulled a coughing Rey back to the surface. “Hold on to my neck,” He ordered Rey who continued coughing out water. She wrapped both arms at the back of his neck as he swam back to the shore. Finally arriving there, he gently positioned Rey on the rocky ground to check her up. She was trying to catch some air until she was fully stable. Kylo then looked down at her stomach and saw a fresh small burn wound beneath her belly. The thought of injuring truly maddened him. Lifting the bottom of her shirt, Kylo decided to look at the wound. It was noncritical to the sight and superficial. Any lightsaber's heat could burn skin, especially when being in close contact. Seeing that her skin was exposed, Kylo had the urge to continue on exploring some more. Using both bare hands, he lifted the fabric without exposing her chest. There were three small birthmarks arrayed to the right of her belly button and a couple of fine blonde hairs that grew in the line of her navel. Her skin was flawless for a person who spent many years living on a desert planet like Jakku. Rey blushed but didn’t move at all. He began kissing and caressing her flat stomach and the smooth skin beneath it. She gasped at the sensation which felt good. Rey desired more, expected more... She wanted to feel like a woman. Her gasp turned into a moan when Kylo in a slow, scorching trail, licked his way down her belly to her navel. He watched as she moaned, circling the sensitive flesh with his tongue. Rey then found her mouth with his, eager and hungry, and he kissed her openly. She combed her fingers through his wet hair and whimpered inside of his mouth. His tongue started pressing deep into her mouth. Kylo kept pushing further and further his body against hers, Rey was slowly accommodating to his. Leaving her mouth, he trailed kisses down her neck and collarbones. Then, he stopped, quickly pulling away from her body. “We should go now,” He said standing up. His hands were shaking and curled them into fists. "You... you will be fine." Once again he acted as if nothing just happened, and again Rey fell for it. “Kylo…” "It's late, Rey," he said, turning his back on her, "Either come or stay, your choice." Sadness clouded her features and then stood up, taking her lightsaber from the ground. "...I'll come." The minute Kylo entered his quarters he pulled a bottle of wine using the force and toss it violently against the mirror. It was a direct hit both bottle and mirror shattered to pieces. Kylo was a mess and began cursing himself for being so weak. He walked everywhere, clenching and unclenching his fists at his side. He was about to make love to his own enemy, to a member of the Resistance, to the one who disgraced him. She was the one girl pulling him to the light! His sexual urges were strong and she was making it worse. Being near her was becoming impossible. It wasn't lusting or desire like before, but a feeling of need this time. Rey was different from other women and Kylo admired her in secrecy. Her strength, pureness, toughness and what he feared the most; her light. The Jedi killer wanted to punish and tortured himself for having failed on hating her. Obviously, she wasn't supposed to admire him back. Kylo took away her father figure in cold blood, kidnapped her, and also gravely injured the man he hated the most. He was just a mistake... since the day he was born. He took his grandfather's helmet and set it on a nearby small table. Kylo fell on his knees and turned to look at it. "This time I failed, grandfather. There's no turning back... I've- I've tried to claim her twice now," he said contorting his face in deep pain. "Tell me what should I do. I need to take her out my mind, heart..." Dropping his face in defeat, " I love her ," Kylo finally admitted, shaking. "I'm in love with my own enemy." Chapter 12 : Dark meets Light "Finn did what?" A slack-jawed Luke asked Leia. Both twins were sitting in a corner of the control room, waiting for more news on Finn. Luke was drinking an herbal tea which was his favorite. "What you just heard, he went out there to save Rey." A worried Leia glanced at Luke, taking a seat and supporting her chin with her hand. "I don't even want to think of the consequences." Luke thoughtfully nodded. "He won't make it alive, Leia. And even if he did, there's still Ben who won't hesitate to kill him." "Don't you think I know?" She asked, rubbing her temples. "We should have listened to Finn to prevent all this from happening." "Sooner or later, Finn was going to go after Rey." He took a drink from his tea. "She told me he used to work for the First Order." Connix then came and handed Leia a cup of coffee. It helped her to stay awake during situations like these. Leia wished she could have a day to rest and forget about the war for once. "Yes, he was a stormtrooper. He's a very courageous young man from what I see." "Perhaps that courage is what makes Ben hate him," Luke added, glancing down at his cup. "He defected from the First Order, something your son hasn't being able of doing yet." She sighed. "There's an internal battle going on inside of him. Snoke has made my son believe so many things; has him very confused." "Like you've said before, there's still some humanity in him but afraid to admit it. I sense that Rey will make Ben realize that with time." Leia smiled at the thought. "That girl is tougher than I was. A scavenger girl from Jakku who resulted powerful with the force defeated him that night." Reclining in his chair, Luke rubbed his chin through his beard and seemed preoccupied. "Leia, there's something I need to tell you... having to do with Rey and also Obi Wan Kenobi." She gave him a quizzical look, "Ben Kenobi?" "Yes," Luke answered sitting straight in his chair, "After he died, I head back to Tatooine where Ben left me a series of books. One of them was a journal." "A journal?" Luke looked around, making sure nobody was listening to their conversation. "Leia, apparently Obi Wan secretly fathered two children during his exile on Tatooine. It's written in the journal by his own hand. Both were males and their mother's name was Dorme, a handmaiden to our mother." Her eyes suddenly widened, "Are you sure about this, Luke?" "Positive." He answered. "The Jedi order banished after the order 66 massacre. He most likely wanted to continue the Kenobi legacy." "Who would have imagined Ben Kenobi fathering a child since he was so devoted to the Jedi code." An amazed Leia wondered. "But what does Rey has to do with all this?" Finishing his tea, Luke put it down on the floor. The taste was different than the ones he prepared back on Ach-to. "Once, I met one of his sons claiming to have our father's lightsaber. This man had a young daughter, also born a force sensitive like him and his older brother." Leia covered her gaping mouth. "H-How do you know that girl it's Rey?" "Rey was abandoned years before Ben turned to the dark side. She was only five years old and her father told me they needed to protec-" Suddenly, the voice of Poe Dameron interrupted in the whole control room. Everyone, including Leia, stood in front of a large monitor. Luke did too but preferred to remain aside. "This is Poe Dameron, can anyone read me?" "Yes, Poe. We can hear you loud and clear." Leia responded trying to steady her breath. Many in the room looked tense. "General, good news. We got Finn back. He's safe and willing to cooperate with us this time." An air of relief invaded the room. "Well done, Poe. Where's your location at the moment?" "We're heading back to base but have encountered a couple of enemy TIE fighters along the way." "Alright, Poe. Get here with Finn as soon as you can." When the communication was over, everyone returned to their spots and Leia turned to C3-PO. "We better stay alert for any attack. They're still watching us." "Why yes, ma'am." The droid responded before going back to its duties. Snoke was having a meeting with Kylo in the throne room. Seated on his stone chair, he silently observed Ren who looked bothered and rather unfocused. The dark master was already aware of his apprentice's change of feelings towards the scavenger girl and how his doubts grew to certain proportions.This was convenient for Snoke and any future plans. He just needed to continue on pushing the boy further throughout the use of manipulation. Always manipulation and fear as his principal methods. It was just a matter of time now. "Our prisoner was quite the rebel the other night on Kadlo's palace," Snoke spoke breaking the silence in the eerie room. "By coming up with Skywalker in the least indicated place." Kylo glanced at the floor and swallowed thickly. Every time she was mentioned, part of him left. "Supreme Leader, I've been thinking; what if this girl is not that special?" "Oh, but she is," Snoke insisted in his usual raspy voice. "There's some dark side running through her veins and has shown how useful she is." The dark warrior stayed quiet for a while, and his master noticing this decided to take the opportunity. "It's not compassion nor desire anymore; isn't it, Kylo Ren?" "Yes," Kylo agreed this time. He then squeezed his eyes shut as if he was in deep pain. "That's why I need to stay away from her, get her out of my thoughts, everything! You're the only one who can help me, Supreme Leader." So he had true feelings for the girl now; excellent. Snoke was one step closer on obtaining what he wanted from both of them. If he made Ben Solo to turn against his own family and betray them, he could also use those feelings to make him get closer to this girl. The result would be great. "Have you forgotten... about your grandfather's legacy?" "No..." He mumbled. "But the girl, will never agree to it, Supreme Leader. She is too pure with a sense of right..." "Why... would the leader of the Knights of Ren care so much about her feelings?" Snoke asked knitting his brows. "It's your duty to take control over this fiery scavenger whether she likes it or not. " Kylo felt defeated and lowered his gaze to the floor. Snoke would not get Rey, the woman he was in love with, away from him. That was a fact. It was also obvious his master was getting more interested in her with time and at any moment he would replace him with her. About that Kylo was very aware of. "Rey... my light." "You'll see her again, Kylo Ren." Snoke carried on. "The King wants to meet you both for dinner tonight. Be ready." Rey spent the whole day inside her room. Instead of training, she decided to meditate and also levitate a couple of small objects. Even doing these things wasn't helping her to forget about what just happened back in the forest. All she could think of was how his lips had felt on her and how Ren was making her lose her mind. However, he kept acting indifferently. This is why Rey thought he was only taking advantage as humiliation. What if he was as confused as her, though? "Ughh!", She yelled out of frustration. Too many thoughts swirling through her mind. That was the main reason she didn't want to go out there. A food tray was left to Rey by a droid a couple of hours ago, but she only touched the pear. Each time it was less the food they served her, but she could not expecting more. She was only a prisoner with no rights within the ranks of the First Order. "Is my life going to be like this from now on?" Rey asked herself. "Certainly, he's never going to kill me nor let me go back to my friends. At first, I couldn't stand being near him but now..." The door then slid open and a droid stepped inside the room. Rey quickly got on her feet, accidentally dropping the objects that were levitating around; some breaking in the process. "Kylo Ren sent me to lend you this," the droid said to Rey. It was a red envelope securely sealed. "I must go now, miss," the droid then said before leaving. Rey didn't even have the chance to thank him. Having the envelope on her hands, Rey pulled out a small card from inside of it. Dress properly for tonight. King Kadlo will be receiving the two of us in his palace for dinner. You will be taken to the palace and will meet me there. Don't make us wait. Another night at this palace with him. Rey was also going because she was really starving. The bad thing was having Kylo closer again and fight the urge of wanting to be kissed by him. "Hmm... How should I wear my hair tonight?" Kylo didn't need to wait for Rey that long anymore. Thankfully, she made it on time and looked breathtaking as ever. This new dress only revealed one arm and it was dark purple; adjusted perfectly to her shaped figure. Her lip color was crimson which made her skin tone look lighter that evening. Instead of wearing her hair loose, Rey opted to braid it as best as she could; delicate gold chains adorned the top of her head. She reminded him of an Empress arriving at her own palace to meet her knight. No cloak was worn to cover her shoulders like last time. When Rey arrived, she saw that Kylo wasn't wearing his typical dress robe but had a new set of clothes, which fit him perfectly. Instead of his black scarf, he had a dark cape on with a silver chain that held it into place. He was wearing gloves that night. His hair was back to its normal length and voluminous as ever. She craved to run her fingers through his locks for a moment. Any woman would find him handsome and he really was. They didn't exchange words until they were about to the led inside. Before Rey could enter the place, Kylo grabbed her by the arm. Her enticing smell teased his nostrils , a bouquet of rose and jasmine mixture. Standing so close, the floral notes were stronger. The another scent invaded Kylo's senses and concluded it was her hair. Rosemary? he wondered. "Leave the talking to me, understood?" He ordered Rey. She was getting tired of this indifference towards her. Like if those moments were both kissed deeply never occurred. Rey's expectations of getting kissed again completely vanished. She raised a brow, and tried to hide her annoyance provoked by Kylo, "What if the king says otherwise?" "Don't get your hopes high, princess," Kylo answered. "Behave, that’s all I’m asking for.” “I’ll do my best, however, I’m not making any promises,” A corner of his mouth lifted as he enjoyed the way he riled her up, “We’ll see, Rey.” As soon as they finished, a servant took them to the grand dining room where King Kadlo was already expecting them at the entrance. The king was wearing expensive garments made only for him by slaves. He wore necklaces made from high valuable gems; including rubies and sapphires. After the king greeted the pair, the three took seats on the long table. Kadlo always sat by the head, while Kylo and Rey beside each other. There was only the three of them in the dining room that evening. Four servants then brought the food and Rey’s stomach growled. Both Kylo and Kadlo heard this but only the king laughed in surprise. Kylo hoped for Rey not to embarrass him there. “It seems you’re eager to start eating, young lady.” Rey’s face flushed embarrassed. Kylo then worked his throat before she could say anything to King Kadlo. “So, your majesty, the Supreme Leader said you wanted to meet only the two of us." “Oh, yes." King Kadlo said as he cut the meat. "The reason I needed to have you both here is because of an official trip.” “An... official trip?” Rey glanced attentively to both of them. “I am looking for two brave warriors, strong in the force to accompany me to the Mol'leaj system tomorrow .” Kylo wiped the corners of his mouth with a napkin, "King Kadlo, let me warn you that the place is dangerous territory. Even if it was an official trip anyone could still attempt an assassination." “And I’m aware of it, Kylo Ren.” The king said drinking wine from his glass. “That’s why you and her are being appointed my official bodyguards in order to protect me. I’ll be meeting Regent Soculvis to discuss future projects involving our home planets.” “Soculvis…that name," Rey remembered. “That’s the one Han told us who was King Prana’s opponent. According to Han, this Soculvis man is very conceited and has had a war against Prana going on for years. They want to own exotic creatures for their personal zoos. Prana ordered Han to catch those nasty rathtars. King Kadlo was going to then meet this guy.” “We will be leaving tomorrow morning.” The king continued. “For how much time we’ll be there?” Kylo asked setting his glass of wine on the table. Swallowing his food Kadlo answered, “An entire week, but do not worry. You two will have great accommodation.” Kylo realized he was going to spend a whole week with Rey and practically see each other almost every day. Things were starting to turn worse. He was trying to distance himself from her but after this, it got complicated. When he was about to ask the king something, Kylo noticed he was looking in shock at Rey. Kylo turned to look at her and saw that Rey was eating the food using her hands. She was eating hungrily, devouring everything on her plate. Even though she had disastrous table manners, Kylo couldn’t help but feel sorry for her. Rey has experienced hunger for many years. The food back at the base was not that great either and he was conscious of it. “I’m so sorry, your majesty,” Kylo apologize, trying to excuse her. The King chuckled, “A woman with a big appetite is beautiful, Mr. Ren. "Always remember that.” “How was the food?” The king asked turning his gaze at her. Rey looked at Kylo who wasn’t looking at her. The King was waiting for an answer, smiling. She thought he was a nice person for being a ruler. “Sorry, I’m not allowed to speak.” "Why not?" Kylo then stood and glanced to Rey. "I think we should get going now. A long day awaits us tomorrow." "Yes," Rey mumbled, standing up too. "Well... I guess I'll see you both tomorrow, then." King Kadlo said as he stood from his chair. "I'm very grateful for your help, Kylo Ren. Both of you will be my appointed bodyguards during this trip." There were two palace guards chatting outside the terrace. Kylo went inside his ground vehicle first and was going to take Rey back to the base this time. Before she could also get there, these two guards were talking about Kylo. Rey decided to listen carefully to not being seen. "That's the famous Ben Solo, son of smuggler Han Solo and Princess Leia or Alderaan." "Quiet, fool!" One of them scolded the other. "They could hear us! We're not supposed to say his real name, it's forbidden in the First Order." "...I bet it was Snoke the one who christened him with such a name, right?" The guard sighed. "I don't know and you better keep quiet. Someone could hear us." Hearing some footsteps getting closer, Rey then carefully headed to a ground vehicle, where Kylo waited for her. Ben Solo... That's Kylo's real name? Rey wasn’t in the mood to sleep that night and was still wearing her dress. The drive back to the base was awkward, with none of two speaking to each other. She was sitting at the edge of the bed, undoing her braid. Her long brown hair fell over her shoulder as she stood up to place the delicate chains away. The room was cold and she rubbed both her arms to keep them warm. Many thoughts ran through her mind. The king appointed her and Kylo as his bodyguards to protect him during an official trip to the Mol'leaj system. This meant spending every day closer to Ren, pretending nothing ever happened between both during the past two days. What other choices she had? Taking a deep breath, she wondered if that two royal guard back in the terrace had any idea that she listened to their conversation. Ben Solo… that was Kylo’s real birth name. According to those royal guards, it was a prohibited name to mention in the First Order. No one was allowed to address him as that. Rey could try, though. Maybe remind him of who’s the real Kylo Ren and that the Resistance, including General Organa and Luke, missed him. That Snoke was only using him for his powers. Rey couldn't take it anymore. She needed to see him, talk to him, and start to change him even if her efforts turn out to be in vain. Both were going to have a lot of time to do so, but Rey desired to see him that single night. Determined, she walked out of her room and headed towards Kylo’s quarters. She went barefoot so no one could listen to any shoe steps in the silent corridors. As she approached his door, her heart began to pound. The sky was full of stars that night and the sound of the river's waterfall was audible from the distance. It was soothing and peaceful out there. Kylo Ren was outside, at his balcony, meditating on the floor. He was wearing a black, thick type of robe which he always took off before getting to bed. Meditation, that’s what he wanted to do at the moment. He needed to think on other important things including the next day’s trip. Rey coming with them bothered him to some extent. Not only can it result in a dangerous trip, but the thought of seeing her practically every day burn him on the inside. The Supreme Leader must have taken some part in this too. He was insistent that Kylo had a first born child by using Rey. True, he longed for a child to continue his grandfather’s legacy but never like that. Not by hurting her. He loved Rey, yearned for her, but her heart didn’t belong to him. That heart was only fueled by hatred from all the things he has done. After he killed Han Solo it was noticeable. He then carefully walked up to the room and towards the bed. Before Kylo could remove his robe there was a knock on the door. He wondered who could it be at such hour. This was not the time to receive anybody and he wasn’t expecting anyone either. “Who is it?” He asked somewhat irritated. “It’s me, Rey.” She answered in a lower voice. He gasped; his eyes widened. “Rey…” “Look, I-I know it’s late but it’s urgent,” She added. “Please, it won’t take too long…” Urgent, she said.. What could be so urgent for her for wanting to speak with him? “Come in,” he ordered. With a whoosh the door slid open and Rey stepped inside the room. Looking around, this was a lot bigger and larger than hers. The door then slid down behind her. Kylo saw that Rey was still wearing her dress except her hair was naturally down. Just being in her presence made his blood boil. “What should I know?” He asked gazing upon her. “Most be very important for interrupting my sleep.” She blinked before answering. “My apologies, but I need confirmation about something having to do with you.” “Let me guess; me being Han Solo and General Organa’s son,” Kylo said looking at her with a dull expression. “If that is what you wanted to find out then-“ “Is not that,” she quickly added, taking some steps forward. Kylo could still smell her perfume as she moved closer to him. It was uniquely her. “Then there’s nothing to talk about and you’re wasting time, Rey.” “Why can’t you be called Ben Solo ?” His lips drew back in a snarl and snapped at her, “Don’t say that name! Rey squinted her eyes confused. “But that’s your real name, Ben Solo. Why deny it?” “I told you to stop saying it,” He scowled at Rey. “He doesn't exist anymore, he's dead!” “No, I won’t stop!” Rey yelled, “Ben, just listen to me! I think my goal is to bring you back to the light, back to the Resistance… to your family.” Shooting a threatening glare at her, Kylo clenched his fists and stormed out of the room towards the balcony. Rey followed him and saw how the sky looked so beautiful. She really missed contemplating starry skies during the evening. A deep breath helped to calm his anger, but it wouldn't slow his heart rate knowing she was there too. “First, Han Solo tried to change my mind and look what happened. And now it’s you…" He then turned around, "My own enemy trying to do the same.” Her expression softened as she listened to him. “My whole life I’ve been torn apart,” Kylo added glancing up at the stars. “This is now who I am.” “You're wrong. There’s still light in you, Ben.” Rey looked at him tenderly. "I can sense it." “And that light, the one I’m afraid so much, is you,” Kylo confessed. The evening breeze blew their hair. “Back at the Starkiller base, when I threw you against that three, I could have killed you. It was a mortal attack. I reacted quickly, not thinking straight in that moment.” Rey’s lower lip quivered and her eyes glistened. “But I tried to kill you, even gave you that scar… I also abandoned you while the planet collapsed.” “Worst things I’ve done,” he said staring into her eyes. “I'm that monster everyone refers to.” She shook her head, “Snoke is the one manipulating and turning you against General Organa, Han Solo, and Luke. I know that can change, my heart tells me so." “Rey, why are you saying this?” He asked, moving closer, standing over her. "Your heart?" Rey knew that it was now or never. Enough of denying certain feelings that she has been struggling with lately. This time, he was going to know. “Because,” She hesitated for a moment. “Because I love you! I’ve tried so hard fighting these feelings of denial and…” Rey then lowered her head. He cupped her chin between his thumb and forefinger, turning her face back to his. Kylo gave her a considering half smile that made her blush. “I feel it too.” He confessed. “These feelings have kept me sleepless, night after night. Didn’t know what to do, even tried to treat you harshly with no luck whatsoever.” Reaching out a hand, Rey traced his facial scar gently and slid her palm down his neck and collarbone. She then placed her hand on his chest, feeling his warm skin. Kylo couldn’t control his emotions anymore. He pulled Rey into his arms and claimed her lips. One hand moved around her back while the other was holding the back of her head. Rey whimpered inside his mouth as he devoured hers. Breaking the kiss, both gulped air like two drowning people. He then trailed kisses down her jaw line and sensitive skin of her neck. Rey gasped as his hand came to cup her breast through the fabric of her dress, still kissing her neck. While stroking her breast, he could feel her nipple getting hard. Rey let out a moan as he pinched it. His mouth traveled back to her own, but this time the kiss was rough and demanding. “Do you consent?” Kylo asked Rey between heavy breaths, cupping her face with his hands. She bored her eyes into his, yearning for more. Rey slowly nodded, “Yes, make me yours.” Hearing her response, Kylo felt extremely hard. Both kissed again and he needed to drink her in, have her anyway. He unzipped her dark purple dress between kisses and peeled it away from her. It fell around her feet and Rey shivered a little. They were still on the balcony but no one was able to see them. The stars were the only witnesses. Rey was totally nude and had an exquisite, slender body. Kylo pulled her into him and kissed her again, this time making full use of her nudity. His hand then slid down to her behind. “Don’t be afraid,” he whispered to her, kissing her earlobe. "I’m not,” She said wrapping her arms around his neck. “Good,” he said, lifting Rey in his arms to carry her back to his chamber. They resumed their kissing afterward. Arriving at his bed, Kylo then gently positioned Rey in the middle and proceeded to take off his night robe, throwing it down. His erection was revealed now. He laid on top of her, caressing and kissing her entire body. Both ran their hands on their bodies. Kylo began to explore her body at length, driving her mad. Using his thumb, he began stroking her sensitive nipple into pebbled hardness. While doing so, he then lowered his head and moved to Rey’s other breast. Opening his mouth, he gently sucked, and his lips sought her nipple. Another heated moan escaped the brunette’s lips and held his wrists gently. Spreading her legs wide open, he began kissing and sucking her inner tights. Rey started to breathe heavily and he observed her while doing such actions. His breath was warm against the soft skin of her thigh. With his right hand, he separated the folds of her throbbing womanhood and helped himself to the pleasures there. His tongue slipped back between her folds, circling her clit and wrapping his lips around it. Rey arched her back letting out resounding moans, fingers clutching at his dark hair. He then went back to her mouth and kissed Rey hungrily. His hand slid to the side of her body, feeling the smooth skin in his palm. “I’ll go inside of you now,” he told her. Rey smiled, placing a hand on his cheek. He took her hand to his lips and kissed it. That was Rey’s permission for him to continue. Going down at her again, he tongued and sucked her, making sure she was completely wet. She then gasped as Kylo carefully entered her. Rey moaned loudly as his full shaft went all in. Slowly he began to thrust going deeper than before. She clung to his broad shoulders, her nails digging in, breathless still from the deep, probing thrusts. Her lower lip was clamped between her teeth. The full force of his thrusts pounded deeper and deeper into Rey, his breath coming in rapid short bursts against her chest. Rey wrapped her legs around his hips and strands of hair stuck to her neck as she tilted her head, the noises escaping her lips. Kylo was grunting loudly, punctuating each hard thrust into her. Her breasts shook with each pounding, and his eyes blurred with the straining need he felt. Her legs started to shake and dangled freely now. Kylo enjoyed watching Rey obtaining pleasure from him. "I'm-I’m about to explode…” Rey said between moans and groans. Nails were now digging into his strong back. Kylo wasn’t slowing up his thrusts a bit and was very close to reaching climax. He held her tight ; feeling how close he was. “Me too.” Both were on the verge of their orgasms. Her inner walls collapsed and Rey came first. She tilted her head back, with an orgasm that shook her to her core. Kylo’s face contorted; his teeth gritted together as he gave one last thrust, releasing inside of Rey, loudly groaning. Still panting, the dark warrior then collapsed on top of Rey. Both were exhausted. Wrapping her arms around him Rey felt he was shaking, “Are you alright?” “I’m fine,” he said, planting kisses on her collarbone down to the valley between her breasts. “And you?" Rey gently removed a single lock of hair from his forehead. “I'm fine too.” He kissed her swollen lips and scrutinized her features. "You are so beautiful, and tough. Would you be ever to forgive what I've done?" "Let's not go there now," Rey insisted. "There's no more hatred between us anymore after this." That was true. They made love which was something considered pure and natural. Both were going to be with each other. No one was going to interfere between him and the woman he loved. Rey was his, and only his. “Will Snoke discover it, though?" "He doesn't need to," Kylo gently pulled out, dropping beside Rey. "But even if he does, that won't stop us." "It's so beautiful out there," Rey said referring to the view. "The thought of Snoke separating us truly haunts me." He half smiled at Rey, "Just come here." Rey nestled her head into his hard chest with his left arm curling around her body. Her left leg was draped over his stomach. They wrapped themselves in his black sheets. "Forget about the Supreme Leader, we should rest and focus on tomorrow's trip with the king." "True, I-I almost forgot!" If he had the chance, Kylo would ask Rey to marry him while in there. Any marriage between both was going to be secret, especially to the First Order. After a moment of silence, he noticed that Rey fell asleep. "Goodnight, my light." That evening, the stars were the only witnesses. Chapter 13 : The third vision Hux was on his way to meet the Supreme Leader that morning in the throne room. The meeting was going to be about discussing their next move against the Resistance with the use of a new super weapon design. This weapon was still in development and would be stronger than the Death Star and Starkiller together. The general considered it lethal already. In his mind, Hux planned on succeeding those who ridicule him. The red-haired man was tired of being labeled incompetent and not able to lead an army like his father did during the Galactic Empire. Brendol Hux was known to be ashamed of his own son, telling everyone that he was a weakling. He never contemplated his son's efforts while training in the academy. "I'll show who's in command now, father. I won't continue living behind your shadow, never again..." Hux swore once after the death of the former commandant of Arcanis. "You're a dead man, but I'm still standing. Who is the weakling now?" As he walked down past Ren’s quarters, Hux heard the door slid opened. Glancing over his shoulder, expecting to see Ren, he saw that it was the scavenger girl coming out of it instead. She was giving the impression of being in a hurry and never noticed Hux. She was heading back to her room, barefoot and wearing an elegant dress. Hux stood there in the hallway watching as she went ahead, disappearing from his view. His eyes darted to Ren’s room with suspicion. “So he’s betraying the Order by sleeping with that scavenger scum, ” He thought as the corner of his mouth lifted. "Brilliant, absolutely brilliant." Telling the Supreme Leader about Ren's secret activities would be a great opportunity to get rid of him. To him, Ren was just the son of two rebel scums and perhaps, after seeing this, his days were already numbered. That day, when Snoke ordered him to retrieve his fallen apprentice from the collapsing planet, Hux wanted to disobey the Supreme Leader and let Ren rot there. Turning around, Hux continued his path towards Snoke's location. When Rey got finally in her room, an insatiable happiness consumed her. It felt as if she haven’t been like this in so many years. The tough scavenger smiled to herself. This was the first time Rey fell in love after denying it over and over again. She wished to stay with Kylo in his bed all day, but she needed to start packing things before leaving to the Mol'leaj system. When she got out of the bed and glanced at him, Kylo was still sleeping calmly. Smiling, Rey softly kissed his forehead. Seeing it didn't woke him up, she then went to the balcony to pick up her dress from the floor. Rey put on the dress and left the room before others could see her emerging from his private chambers. As she walked back to her room everything seemed to be quiet around. It was the time to take a shower, but Rey could still feel the imprint of his lips on her skin. The roughness of his mouth and the hardness of his body against hers, his masculine hands teasing and stroking the sensitive parts of her body. Rey even lost control of it as an intense pleasure consumed her. All of it occurred on a gorgeous night full of stars. This joy was theirs only, fulfilled with passion. What really worried her was Snoke and his control over Kylo. He even took away his real name and could also be capable of trying on separating them. Rey and Kylo were going to keep their relationship a secret from everyone, this including her friends back at D'Qar. Grabbing a towel, Rey was prepared to step inside the fresher for a shower. Suddenly everything turned black, and screams erupted in the darkness. Rey looked around, trying to figure out what was going on. Her heart began racing and breathing unsteadily. The sound of a woman screaming was quite audible. Then, it changed into weeping as if the woman could be in serious pain. There was another louder scream this time to make her hair stand at the back of her neck. "Take the child away from her," a familiar raspy voice ordered. "Leave it to me now." "No..." The same woman then muttered. "NO! STOP!" This time she screamed. Everything changed again, and Rey found herself looking up at the sky where a freighter was about to crash. The ship hit the ground at an incredible speed forming a huge ball of fire from the impact. Terror crossed her face as two cloaked dark figures roughly grabbed her by the arms, throwing her inside a small room. Rey quickly got on her knees and felt her hands wet. When she examined them, her mouth fell open. They were both covered in blood, so as her dress. Her eyes flooded with tears and wanted all to be finished. It was another one of those visions, however, this one was different... more horrifying. Shutting her eyes, tears ran down her cheeks. The vision was then over and Rey was back at her room, inside the base. She couldn't stop shaking and rubbed her arms to stay calm. If there wasn't anyone outside already, she would have run to Kylo's arms for comfort and warmth. Feel his strong hands on her sides as if he were protecting her. Nestle her head on his strong chest once more. " Why did I left him, especially in a moment like this?" Rey said to herself still shaking. Taking a deep shakily breath, she dried her tears and stood up from the floor. That happiness she had from the beginning somewhat dematerialized. Her chest hurt too. "That horrible vision... What could it all mean?" Rey wondered. "Rey?" Propped up on his elbows, Kylo looked around, not seeing her anywhere. He expected to wake up and find Rey lying next to him, but unfortunately she was not there. They were going to accompany King Kadlo on his trip that same day and perhaps she wanted to start getting ready earlier. Kylo would usually wake up on time every day, but that morning he overslept. Last night he told Rey during love-making that he loved her, countless times in her ear. Sitting up, Kylo groaned and ran his hands through his hair, desiring she was there next to him. He wanted to once more taste her lips, her breasts, every curve and nuance of her body. Seeing how she fell apart and crumble in his arms was the most gratifying thing ever. Sure, giving a woman pleasure was gratifying but with Rey was more enjoyable and satisfying. Surprisingly, she has been the first woman Kylo had ever madly fall in love with. He even tried to avoid building certain attachments with people throughout his miserable life. Most others were just a tool for him back then, but not Rey. The old hatred both lovers shared vanished completely each time they spend training and bonding. Rey was really forgiving after all. The force did not want to see them fighting either as enemies. Throwing the sheets aside, the well-built warrior got out of bed and flexed his arms. He walked over to a small table and poured some wine. Drinking it all he then eyed Vader's charred mask that was set on the ash tray. He betrayed the memory of his grandfather by falling in love but certainly, Vader also loved a woman. A very young Kylo was told once by his mother about Padme Amidala, his maternal grandmother. Leia always held the truth about Vader, but Kylo was already aware of Padme. How she suffered from this feeling of love and died by losing the will to live. The Supreme Leader then told him how both his grandparents kept a secret affair from the Jedi, who were against attachments and love. Kylo always believed the Jedi were responsible for their tragedy. Kylo was not going to let the Resistance and Skywalker take Rey away from him. Same with Snoke and the First Order. Leader Snoke was now interested in Rey the most and at any occasion might get rid of Kylo. Han Solo and even old man San Tekka were right. "I'll kill anyone, ANYONE for her. Nobody will stand in our way... just like they did to you and Padme, grandfather. Protect our women at all costs." It was time to think about her safety. Rey was now a target to others, especially those who would want to destroy him. " I need to take Rey with me... away from here, the Resistance, and from Snoke." Kylo needed to keep her away from everyone and those scheming to interfere in his plans. This trip was an open door to proceed carefully. After discussing the new super weapon and future military tactics against General Organa, both Snoke and Hux left the throne room. They were walking side by side now around the interior garden hallway. The morning sun wasn't too harsh like other days feeling truly pleasant outside. "Kylo Ren will be leaving today for an official trip," Snoke said to Hux, as he observed some of the growing plants. "I don't think you were informed, general." Hux crossed his hands behind his back, somewhat jealous of Ren's upcoming adventure. "No, Supreme Leader. Your apprentice never consults anything to me." "He's not obliged to do so either," Snoke added enraging the red-haired man with his typical responses. Instead of glaring at the dark master, Hux stared at the floor while both continue their walk. "Of course, Supreme Leader. However, Ren is not part of the official military command thus trumping our agendas." They made a stop in front of a large window with an incredible view of the planet's lush vegetation. "The boy might be temperamental, general. You are living proof of that power he holds." Snoke then turned to face Hux. "Kylo Ren has proven his loyalty to the First Order." Hux then remembered the girl leaving Ren's quarters that morning. This was the perfect time to ruin the dark warrior. "I wouldn't be so sure of that, Supreme Leader." "What are you implying?" Snoke asked, narrowing his eyes. "Him being capable of betraying us?" "Precisely," The general answered smirking maliciously. "This morning, someone stepped out of his private quarters never noticing I was standing right there." Snoke's forehead creased and pinned Hux with a glare. "Someone, you say?" Turning around, Hux walked a few steps forward. The corner of his mouth slowly lifted. "Apparently your apprentice have been sleeping with our main enemy, behind your back." "...The girl," Snoke mumbled to Hux's surprised gasp. "So Ren followed my advice after all. Excellent." Hux's eyes widened and went pale, not expecting the Supreme Leader this calm. He thought Snoke was going to have a rage attack after such revelation and feel disappointed in Ren's actions. That this time, Hux would be appreciated by the leader of the First Order. "General," Snoke called out to him, " This has always been part of my plan. Kylo Ren must keep breeding this scavenger girl for I must have their offspring." "Offspring? But why?" Snoke took some steps forward, glaring at the general. "Both individuals are powerful in the force; the light and dark side." Then there was a brief pause between both. "This child of theirs will grow to surpass them and even be stronger than former Jedi master Anakin Skywalker ." "But what about Ren and the girl?" Hux asked confused. With a malevolent smirk forming on his features, Snoke proceeded to answer. "We will get rid of them, general. Those two are just pawns to my schemes. Ren, he is the first one I'll crush. Then, it will be the girl's turn to be taken away." "So far I like your plan, Supreme Leader, especially getting rid of Ren." Hux added, recovering from his failure after hearing this. "The girl will accompany Ren on this trip with King Kadlo." Snoke continued. "We will send someone to keep an eye on them even though Ren won't betray me that easily." Kylo arrived at the palace by himself and decided that Rey did the same. His luggage was taken and carried by one royal servant to be placed into the Kessel royal ship. Coming there separately will not incur in any suspicion and it was a lot safer. Whenever they were on public they needed to act as if nothing was happening between them. It was painful because all Kylo wanted was to be near Rey. The king would be expecting them at the palace's backyard. His royal ship and some other First Order assault landers were also there, ready to leave the planet. As he crossed the terrace to the garden a female familiar voice called out to him. Kylo quickly turned and saw Rey standing behind a wall. The brunette smiled at him and he also did the same. They ran into each other's arms and kissed passionately in the middle of the garden. As they kissed, he gently drove her behind another wall so they couldn't be seen by others. Kissing him almost hungrily, Rey placed both her hands on his cheeks. His strong hands molded her waist, bringing her closer to his hardness, and making her whimper inside his mouth. When both needed air, they broke apart slowly and Rey smiled, opening her eyes slowly. "Rey," He said, touching her forehead with hers. "My light, my love." She placed her hands on his chest. "After spending the night together, I've been so desperate on seeing you again." Gently cupping her face, his dark eyes searched her hazel ones with a maddening intensity. "Me too." He kissed her lips softly. "When I woke up you were already gone." "Do you really think I wanted to?" Rey asked, tenderly. "If it weren't for the trip that would have never happened." Kylo half smiled at her, "We'll have plenty of time to fix that, have each other again." "Is that a promise?" Rey asked coyly. Dragging her closer, "Pretty sure I can take whatever I want." He answered, claiming her mouth with his once more. Kylo slid his lips down her throat, tongue licking into the pulse. Rey let out a low moan as she enjoyed the warm sensation. She then hugged him tightly, her head resting on his chest. "When I returned to my room, I saw something horrible... to the point that it ruined my mood." Kylo furrowed his forehead and gazed at her. "Horrible?" He asked. "Tell me what happened." The only person whom Rey has told has been Luke. This was her third vision and like the other ones unexplainable. Taking a deep breath she readied herself to tell Kylo about it. "Before you and I met, I've been seeing these sort of visions. They're similar to predictions." "What have you seen in them?" He asked, still observing her carefully. Rey's body began to shake and Kylo could sense her fear and anxiety. She pursed her lips and lowered her gaze. "I think we should get going, the king and others could be worried." "No. Just tell me everything, Rey." Kylo insisted, grabbing her by the shoulders. "What are those visions about?" When Rey was about to answer, voices were approaching their location. Separating, Kylo cupped her chin. "You still owe me an explanation about those visions. Now, let's get going. The king is waiting for us." "Yes," she said, following Kylo towards the grand backyard. Chapter 14 : Expect the unexpected Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke was outside the base, sitting comfortably under a large tree, reading Obi Wan’s journal. The last Jedi master was feeling drained from all the tension back in the control room. It was irritating for him. Luke preferred the quiet lifestyle of Ach-to in which he could meditate and live peacefully. On every minute, there could be a rain of positive news, then another of negative news. The Resistance plans turned into failure with others also disagreeing. They wanted to bring Rey back and safe, but Luke could sense a change in his female apprentice. Some mixed feelings. The loathe and disgust Rey used to have for his nephew completely dissolved. "But into what now?" Luke wondered as he looked around the place. He hasn't had the time to tell Leia since she was always busy discussing tactics and enemy positions with the others. Sometimes Luke felt sorry for his sister. Having her home planet destroyed, their father’s crimes, being judged by many centrist senators, Han’s death, and now Ben following Vader’s footsteps by terrorizing the entire galaxy. Too much the weight on the former princess of Alderaan’s shoulders. Luke and Leia were aware of Snoke’s manipulation with Ben. The male humanoid was known for exploiting force users with terrible final consequences. Their own father was manipulated by the Emperor throughout the years. While studying the journal page by page, Luke was sure that Rey was a Kenobi. She shared the same qualities as the legendary Jedi master. Both Obi Wan and Rey fend for themselves on desert planets and could understand and speak several languages too. Old Ben was known to be an excellent skilled pilot back in the clone war days; Rey inherited those skills too. They were also gifted in the ways of the force and had a noble heart. One unforgettable afternoon, Rey’s father told Luke that he wanted to protect the little girl from his conniving older brother. As a trader, the brother deceived a lot of people thus gaining enemies. The man never married nor had any children. When Rey was born, he developed an interest her knowing she was already a force sensitive like both brothers. Perhaps Rey parents didn’t have other options but to leave their daughter on planet Jakku. Then, one page called his attention. There was some sort of poem written in it. Luke squinted his eyes to read the words on the page. It was titled The Gray Jedi Code . From the moment Luke began reading it a strange realization clouded him. This wasn't the light side, neither the dark side. It was about balancing and beign a servant of the force. A gray Jedi was also the guardian that kept peace and order altogether. "The gray side," He muttered to himself. "What if Ben and Rey are that balance the force is needing so much?" Luke closed the book slowly, very thoughtful. "Ben already has knowledge of both the light and dark, but Rey has some darkness in her too. If those two could join forces everything..." Luke then saw how Finn was coming towards his location. After his dangerous stunt, Finn calmed down and trusted the Resistance more now. He accepted how foolish was to go after Rey. "Can I be here, Luke?" The former stormtrooper asked him respectfully. "All the tension back there is making me go insane." Luke half-smiled at him, placing the journal beside him. "Sure, Finn. Enjoy the wonders of nature while you can." "Thanks," Finn half-smiled, sitting on the grass. "That's what I really need." The sound of ship engines roamed from the distance. They weren't that far from the base's runway and weren't that visible from the skies. "What you were about to do was reckless, young man," Luke said observing the former stormtrooper. "Were you conscious of the danger you were in?" Finn scratched the back of his head before answering, "Of course I was. Because of those impulses, I almost got killed and could have ruined the Resistance." He then pulled up some grass and glanced at his hand. "Honestly, I must tell you that not a day goes by that I have not thought of Rey's well-being." "Us too, Finn. But she'll be alright. Trust our words, young man." "After witnessing Ren throwing her against a tree, yeah, sure," Finn said sarcastically. Crossing both arms across his chest, "Rey tried to shoot him with a blaster, Finn." Finn didn't respond knowing it was true. Rey was enraged at that moment and all she could think of was killing him there and there. Luke then chose his words carefully, "Kylo Ren won't hurt her because both need each other." Finn frowned at Luke, "Why would they?" "Look, I think it's better if we stick with the Resistance plans. Leia will know what options are left to get Rey back." "You still haven't answered my question," Finn said still frowning. "Why would Rey and Ren need each other?" Taking a quick breath, Luke thought that Finn had the right to know some details. The young man waited for answers desperately. "Very well," the Jedi master said clearing his throat. "I believe the two of them could bring balance to the force . Snoke knows this too but in the end, he might get rid Kylo Ren." "How can he balance the force when he's done terrible things? Like for instance killing Han Solo." "Killing his own father didn't work," Luke replied. "It weakened him and emotionally broke him too." Finn raked his hand across his face feeling a sudden immense guilt. "Luke, I really don't know what to think. I'm no expert on the force either. I involved Rey in all of this and now she and Ren apparently are the last hope of balancing the force..." Giving him a half-smile, Luke stood up and patted Finn on the shoulder. "Rey is where she's supposed to be. The two of you are set to overtake on individual journeys." He then stretched his back. "If it wasn't for you, the force wouldn't have any hope." "Wonder if we'll ever see her again." Finn wondered. "Probably soon, but we got to have some patience. Now, care to join me for some tea?" Finn nodded and stood up, "Yes, I guess." Both men then headed back to the base. It took about a day to get to the Mol’leaj system. While on the way, they didn’t confront any dangers. The King and royal staff were not only secured by Kylo Ren and Rey, but the First Order with its assault landers too. During the trip, the king spoke mostly with Kylo about the lavish lifestyle of Regent Solculvis and the rivalry he had with another ruler named Prana. The Regent surrounded himself with corrupted people. They would charge citizens for anything, especially those wealthy ones. Their money would go to Solculvis's personal luxury this including his personal zoo. His palace had a better architecture than Kessel's royal palace. Rey was seated at the other side of the spaceship deck, listening to every word the two men spoke. Han once mentioned this Solculvis man, so she knew already what to expect. The regent and his men were known to be dishonest and Rey thought this trip could be just a setup. Occasionally, she glanced at Kylo and he would catch her as well. That was the only way they could express love for each other. Rey despised having to keep their relationship a secret. And so it hurt to act as if she really didn't want anything to do with him too. Nobody tried to engage her in conversation but Rey knew that was understandable. She was still their enemy and a Resistance ally. Some of them would gaze at her and then speak quietly to each other. Rey became aware they'd been talking about her all that time. Turning her head to look at Kylo, he wasn't talking with the king. The latter was distracted reading some briefings handed by a member of his staff. Then their eyes met again, and stared together at each other, alone in space. Kylo wanted her right then, put his hands on her, toy with her until Rey was the one wanting to lose control, but he settled for the sweet agony she stirred inside him. When the royal ship landed on the regent's home planet, King Kadlo and his royal courtiers were to leave the ship first. Rey and Kylo were going to be the last ones to follow the royal party. As everyone left the deck, it wasn't long for the two lovers to privately embraced and kiss each other. He bit gently at her lower lip, then salved the nip with his tongue. Rey tasted him, opened to him, felt his tongue accept the invitation as his lips slid against her own. They kissed once more. Every touch from him caressed Rey's soul. Breaking the kiss they held onto each other. "Couldn't take it any longer," Kylo said in between heaving breaths. "My love I... I crave for you." She had her arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer. "Does it has to go like this forever?" Rey asked him. "Not for too long," Kylo answered, caressing the side of her face with his finger. "After this trip, we will go somewhere else. No one will stand in our way, Rey." The thought of her friends crossed her mind. If they were running away it was clear that Kylo also meant from the Resistance too. "But what about my friends and General Organa..?" Kylo suddenly pulled away from Rey. The brunette shot him a questioning look not expecting such reaction from the dark warrior. "Those are and will always be my enemies." He said boring his eyes into hers. "Don't forget they lied to both of us. All of them are a bundle of traitors, liars , and thieves." "No," Rey said shaking her head, "That's not true. General Organa, your mother, wants us back... but mostly you. She believes there's still light in you and hope to restore the galaxy!" Clenching his fists, Kylo snapped at Rey. "Enough!" He then turned around, away from her, and gritted his teeth. "Those you keep calling friends don't mean anything to me, Rey, neither Organa!" His voice trembled after mentioning his mother. "Do you understand?" Rey bit her quivering lip trying to contain menacing tears. This was frustrating knowing that Kylo continued to detest them, especially Leia. Also, Rey believed that her efforts weren't working at all. "If you truly love me at least you'd be seeing things in another perspective, had a change of heart. But guess I was wrong." "What are you implying?" He turned to face her again, noticing her eyes were glossy. Anger started to boil inside of him by seeing her reacting like that. "That I don't love you enough to even risk it all?" "That you are still his blind servant," Rey sniffled, drying away a single tear. "Snoke has used you all these years making you believe a lot of untrue things. He is the one lying to you, not the Skywalkers!" "Are you sure, Rey?" He asked raising a brow. "Did Luke Skywalker ever told you about the day he met your own father? Your master knew everything about your family." Rey gasped, widening her eyes. "My father? Luke knew him? That can't be, Luke would never..." "But he did, " Kylo affirmed. " Luke Skywalker , the bastion of the galaxy, the man you admire so much knew it all. He's nothing but a coward, Rey." "No," She took some steps backward shaking her head. "You're wrong! That's impossible!" He sighed, "Deep inside, you somewhat believe it." "Just stay away from me. I... I don't wish to see you anymore!" Rey yelled before running away, never turning back. "Rey, REY!" He called out to her but the girl never stopped in her tracks. She was hurt and mad at him at the same time. The fiery scavenger was totally unaware of how remorseful Kylo was feeling in reality, especially after snapping at her. Igniting his lightsaber, Kylo released his inner anger by striking every object inside the ship with brute force, never caring that it belonged to King Kadlo. He grunted with each powerful stroke, destroying several seats and other equipment. Sparks flew everywhere and the sound of his ragged saber was nonstop. He couldn't stand losing her. Rey was his light, his love, his everything. Those type of actions were going to tear them apart, something that the Resistance and even Leader Snoke really wished for. "What an idiot I was..." Kylo muttered. Easing his heavy breaths, he licked his lips and shut off his lightsaber. Smoke and a couple of electricity sparks filled the place. Without Rey in his life, Kylo felt empty with no will to carry on. "Rey, I'm so sorry." Regent Solculvis received the Kessel royal party in his palace. Both rulers shook hands and followed the usual protocol. One of the things the regent mentioned to his guests was about his lavish personal zoo located not too far from the palace. Apparently a couple of days ago they acquired a new type of creature that everyone is delighted with. He described the zoo as unique compared to those from other planets. A huge magnificent fountain was located at the palace's entrance and a couple of statues stood a few meters apart, all quite aligned with the edge of the stone stairs. Like Kessel, this planet also had lush vegetation and humid weather. The floors were made of porcelain and the flush mount lights of pure gold from the planetary system mines. Even King Kadlo felt some jealousy at such lavish palace. What they said about Solculvis was true after all. Rey and Kylo were then introduced to Solculvis as the king's personal bodyguards. Many eyes observed the two lightsaber hilts attached to their belts. Solculvis told Kadlo that it wasn't necessary to bring that much security to the Mol'leaj planet. As they took a tour around the palace, Kylo decided to walk behind everyone. His eyes were fixed on Rey, who walked ahead. While others reacted with amaze by the beauty of their surroundings, all he wanted was to have Rey in his arms. To apologize for the way he yelled at her. The only thing Kylo genuinely considered beautiful in the whole galaxy was her and only her. When they greeted Solculvis, she never glanced at Kylo, avoiding him after their argument back at the ship. She too seemed uninterested and held her head down most of the time. This made him half-smile realizing both were alike in many things. When the tour was finished, the royal servants were ordered to take the guests to their respective chambers. Before Rey could also be taken to hers, Kadlo called to her and Kylo. She was tired and already wanting to go to bed. Being around Kylo was consuming her completely. "Tomorrow evening, you two will accompany me to dinner on board of a royal yacht. Be punctual." The king said. "Understood, your majesty," Kylo said turning to look at Rey who was glancing away. "I won't fail you." The king waited for Rey's response clearing his throat. "Oh, I-I apologize, your majesty. Yes, I'll be there too." "Well, very good." The king then noticed the tension between the two force users. They were acting differenly that day compared to other times. "Dress formally for the occasion. The dinner will be hosted by Solculvis and his daughter, princess Sybille." "The regent has a daughter?" Kylo asked creasing his forehead. Rey cast him a quick glance. "Quite yes, and very beautiful indeed. I also brought her a gift to show some gratitude." "I see," Kylo said, "Guess we will have the chance to meet her tomorrow." Rey then looked into Kylo's eyes, "She must be betrothed or already married, Mr. Ren. Either way, your majesty, all of you are in safe hands." He tried to hold his laugh by covering his mouth with one hand. Kylo could sense a rush of jealousy in Rey. After all, this was a sign that she still loved him back. Rey pouted her lips and stared at Kylo angrily. "I'm not sure about that, young lady. Kylo Ren does not have a clue either, I believe." King Kadlo answered. "Well, I'll be retiring now, have a great night both." The two stood there alone when the King retired. Before Kylo could say anything Rey coldly responded with a simple "Goodnight," and turned around. As he watched, she disappeared ahead through a large hallway which led to her chamber. "Goodnight, Rey." King Kadlo and regent Solculvis headed to the latter's private room where he received visits. It had three large sofas and two individual chairs. There was also a glass wall with a view of the coastal town and ocean below. The small tables were decorated with fresh flowers giving the air the scent of spring. The regent ordered his servants to leave the room so they could discuss certain matters in private. They seated on the two individual chairs. "Who's the girl?" Solculvis asked Kadlo as he poured the king some wine in a golden cup. Holding the cup with both hands, Kadlo then drank from it. "She was a scavenger from planet Jakku who discovered her force powers not too long ago. Apparently, Luke Skywalker trained her for a couple of months." "Impressive." The regent said sitting comfortably in his chair. "I've heard about the Jedi master before and that his own nephew was responsible for destroying his new academy." "That'll be correct," Kadlo affirmed glancing at his cup. "And that nephew is no other than Kylo Ren, my bodyguard, and Snoke's apprentice. According to Snoke, Ren represents the balance between dark and light." Solculvis nodded thoughtfully, "A balance in the force, hmm, I see. Couldn't that girl be a threat to Ren and Snoke? She is very close to Luke Skywalker and the Resistance." "Don't worry about it,” he said, waving his hand across the front of his face. "Rey has proven otherwise and has been very obedient." "Who would have imagined Leia Organa's own son betraying his family. Snoke must have discovered some darkness in him and probably saw the potential." The king shrugged, finishing his drink and setting it on a table. "Honestly, I think the boy is nothing like the late Darth Vader. There's more light side in Ren than dark." He then chuckled. "But again I'm no force expert." "What about the girl?" Solculvis asked. "Like I said my friend, I'm no expert in the force. But she seems struggling with both sides. Snoke is interested in her now." The regent narrowed his eyes. "So his apprentice is replaceable?" "Indeed," Kadlo answered. "Ren won't be needed anymore if the girl results to be stronger." The sounds of harsh grunts and a lightsaber striking at things woke up Rey the next morning. These grunts she recognized as Kylo's and then she rapidly rose from the bed. All windows were covered by long curtains that were blocking the early sun rays. Rey then drew aside the curtain with her left hand and saw him. Kylo was training in what it looked to be a stone terrace with the floor covered in moss. Many beautiful flowers and vegetation decorated the area too. There was also a balcony with an ocean view. The whole coastal town was fortified in case of enemy attack, especially from pirates. It was a lavish and colorful town where many wealthy people lived. Rey then observed him and put her hand on the glass, feeling the warmth waiting outside. Every stroke with the ragged lightsaber has been perfectionated. He has become stronger and more agile with time and Rey had knowledge of it. He wore a black sleeveless shirt which displayed his toned torso. His hair was styled in a high bun but a few strands were loose. Rey needed those strong arms around her, needed him to hold her and whisper that they'd find a way to be together. Their happiness was always short-lived, imperfect, and difficult to achieve. There were still impeding obstacles. "If you could only accept yourself as Ben Solo, and the truth about your family," Rey said still glancing at him from the window. Shutting off his weapon, he walked over to the balcony and stood upon it, pensive. The sound of the ocean had always comforted him. When Kylo was a child, his mother would take him to official functions held in the Hosnian prime. Chancellor Villecham owned a castle close to the sea and often invited his parents to stay. During dinner, Kylo would finish up his plate in a hurry to go outside and enjoy the majestic view the planet offered. The sound of the waves made him remember the old days, especially his childhood. Leaning against the balcony railing, the thought of losing Rey invaded his mind. He also thought that she deserved better, live a better life perhaps with someone else. Maybe that's what Rey desired , Kylo though. Even if she ran away to pursue happiness, Kylo would never stop loving her. His parents loved each other but had a tumultuous marriage. Kylo didn't want that for Rey either. The two lovers couldn't stop thinking about each other in that moment. As Rey kept watching him in silence, the door to her room opened. A female Omwati alien stepped inside carrying what it looked to be a dress. She was wearing a long champagne colored tunic with long sleeves. Her hair was short blonde and skin very pale. The eyes were of a pale blue with golden pupils. "Oh my, I'm truly sorry for such poor manners!" She apologized to Rey. Rey blinked a few times, confused. "Who are you?" "I'm Moira, a loyal servant of Regent Solculvis," the Omwati answered. "And you must be the famous scavenger everyone talks about. Rey, right?" "...Well, honestly I am not that special or famous." Rey added already getting tired of people thinking she was a goddess or someone indestructible. She was just a female force sensitive trying to survive and do what was right. "They say you are very powerful in the force once defeating Kylo Ren." Moira continued, taking a couple of step towards Rey. "I bet Ren must feel inferior particularly after being humiliated by a woman." Rey inhaled before answering. "Not at all, he's very powerful and feared by many. I can assure you that." "That facial scar; you gave it to him didn't you?" Moira asked with more eagerness that she intended. The brunette swallowed thickly but didn't answer this time, feeling uncomfortable by the servant's questions. Rey crossed her arms over her chest gazing at the dress the female humanoid was holding. "Is that for me?" "Oh, yes," Moira answered handing the dress to Rey. "This was sent by Solculvis as a special gift. I say he treats his guests very politely ." Rey turned around, laying the dress on the bed. It was beige with golden encrusts and short sleeves. "To be quite honest, I really don't deserve any of this." "Why would you say that?" "Because I was not raised like this." Rey turned to look at her. "However, my family used to be wealthy before they left me." "I'm very sorry to hear that," The Omwati quietly said. "Maybe someday they will come back." Rey shook her head, "They surely won't. Whether or not they do, they will remain connected to me forever." "Oh! Look at the time, I must get going!" Moira exclaimed turning to leave Rey's room. "Be there on time tonight, the regent is very strict when it comes to official functions like this." "I will and thank you, Ms. Moira," Rey said forcing a smile. She didn't know how to fake being nice and she wasn't in the mood to be phony either. Dinner on board the royal yacht was going pleasantly well. Many of the guests were enjoying themselves and the delicious feast. The yacht was sailing along the coast. The town looked amazing at night time when all the spots lights came on. Some musicians that belonged to the royal court were playing classical music in the background. The dinner table was long and Solculvis was occupying the head, while other important guests the right side. These were King Kadlo's courtiers. The King was sitting beside the regent and they were sharing a few laughs while drinking Corelian wine. At the left side, there was Princess Sybille, Kylo, Rey, and three other courtiers from the Mol'leaj planet. These men engaged Rey in a conversation for the first time to her surprise. There were times that Kylo could sense Sybille's eyes boring into him, but he completely ignored her. Sure, the princess was a beautiful woman with long blonde wavy hair and light blue eyes. But Kylo's dark heart already belonged to one woman only. He would turn to glance at her a few times but she would be talking to these courtiers. Kylo thought about meeting her somewhere far from the others. To apologize and tell her million times how much he loved her. Rey was looking gorgeous that night, even Princess Sybille gave her some death glares a couple of times. When he once again turned to look at Rey she was looking back at him this time. Their eyes met and it confirmed their solid feelings for each other. He wished to kiss her right there and then, not caring for the guests' reactions. To ravish on her and make her moan once more. He wanted to make her fall apart while piercing her most intimate secrets. "Kylo... we, we need to talk," Rey told him finally breaking the barrier between both. Their gaze was still locked into one another. He then smiled at her, admiring her beauty for a minute. "Leave one window open in your chamber." He said quietly even though nobody could listen to their conversation. "I'll climb over the wall and meet you there." "You're insane!" Rey said in a low voice. "What if you get hurt because of me?" They could hear thunder rumbling in the distance. The wind was starting to pick up. Kylo smirked. "I'll have you anyways tonight." After they agreed on meeting each other in her room that night, the regent then stood up. They all decided on going back to land before the storm could come. They remained seated while the yacht sailed back to safe land. The yacht made an abrupt stop. Then everyone on board got alerted when a terrifying scream was heard. It was the captain of the royal boat. The poor man was then shot to death by what it look like to be a Trianii. All of a sudden guests and crew were all surrounded by Trianii enemy. These creatures got on board, armed with blasters and staffs. Solculvis had been his enemy for decades now especially with destroying their species. This time, they were going to take revenge. Kylo quickly rose, igniting his lightsaber, followed by Rey. Red and yellow sabers now glow in the night. Both warriors readied themselves for any attack against them and the others. "Focus and be aware," He suggested Rey as part of their training back then. “Look at those two fools,” One of them said in a mocking tone. “Hand over Solculvis now or we’ll have to hurt a couple of people, including the princess." Sybille gasped and embraced her father. “That is not my way of negotiating,” Kylo said twirling his lightsaber. “Besides, Regent Solculvis is going nowhere. I’ll make sure your kind becomes part of his zoo pets.” “YOU... You insolent bastard!” One Trianii snarled at Kylo and gritted its teeth. “Fool doesn't now who is he messing with here!" "Let's kill them now!" Another one screamed provoking the guests gasped in shock. Rey surveyed the place, making sure they weren’t tricking them. She gripped the hilt harder trying to ease her breathing. “Focus, concentrate in the force.” “Last warning! Give us the regent now!" The leader of the Trianii gang ordered exposing its sharp deadly teeth. Kylo's eyes darted to Rey. "I want you to move closer to the king and Solculvis." "But what about you?" She then asked having cold sweat on her forehead. "Leave those cubs to me." He said still observing the creatures attentively. "Now, get going!" Rey obeyed, taking a few steps backward and holding onto her weapon with one hand now. What they didn't know was that a creature was already waiting in the back hidden in the shadows. With no further notice, it charged towards her but Rey blocked the attack, trying to push the Trianii away. The other group charged at Kylo but he easily slashed some of them with his ragged saber. He was too fast for them and dodged each one of their attacks. Rey could dispose of the one who attacked her first. Both warriors fought magnificently and heroically impressing all the guests. Rey was then followed to the top floor of the yacht by three Trianiis. Two weren't a match for her and she stroke at them easily, but the other one was taller and heavier. This one had a staff and was hitting the yellow saber with strength. She needed to get rid of it and prepared to use the force. When she was about to froze him in place, the strong creature used its claws and scratched Rey across her left shoulder. She screamed from the pain and Kylo and the others could hear it. Looking to where Rey was, Kylo saw how the creature was having the upper hand. Rey seemed weakened and backing off. He needed to go up there and help her. When he hurried there, his path was then blocked. He engaged another creature but kept looking toward Rey's location. His lightsaber deflected a couple of green blaster shots and levitate the Trianii sending it out of the yacht. Rey's wound hurt a lot and was weakening her. When she attempted to use the force a second time, the Trianii hit the back of her head with the staff. Everything then turned dark for the fiery scavenger. Terror overtook Kylo's face as he saw the woman he loved getting injured. "No, NO! REY!!" Rey fell on the floor, not moving anymore. The blow to her head left her unconscious. Notes: I'm back after taking so long. *blames job* But here's Ch. 14 and expect 15 soon! Thanks for reading and support Reylo fam! Chapter 15 : Their Promise ..."Mamaw, why are you crying?" Rey asked her mother who was folding a pair of pants belonging to the little girl. There was already some other clothes folded inside a small sack. The woman spent the whole day crying knowing that she will never see her daughter again. It was a painful decision taken by both parents in order to protect Rey. The woman wiped her face with the sleeve of her dress and sat on the bed beside her daughter, reaching to touch Rey's cheek tenderly. Her eyes were swollen and red from too much crying, and dark circles appeared around her eyes from not enough sleep. "These are tears of happiness my sweet one," She lied. Little did Rey know her mother was dead inside. Rey's eyes twinkled, "Really? I thought it was when people felt sad." "I'm proud of you, Rey." Her mother said fighting back tears. The woman tucked a stray strand of hair behind the five-year old's ear , "Always remember that." "And I love you, mamaw!" Rey exclaimed, with a big smile on her face. She tried to smile , but it came off wobbly and moist from her tears . All of a sudden she then pulled Rey into a hug and kissed her head multiple times. "Me too, angel, me too." Rey's mother shut her eyes wishing it was all a nightmare. "You will grow up someday and have a family of your own." "But I don't want to grow up," Rey objected, "I like being a kid! It's fun too." Holding Rey's face with her hands, she gently kissed her daughter's forehead. "Just promise me that you'll be tough, generous and forgiving, just like I've taught you. That you will unconditionally love and expect to be loved back." "Yah, I will," Young Rey responded looking innocently at her mother. The voice of a man called to them outside the door. It was time to leave Rey on Jakku. ..... "Rey... open your eyes. Rey!" The desperate voice of Kylo urged her to wake up. He sat up and adjusted her body so that she was cradled in his arms. "Don't do this to me." He then touched the back of her head to check for any bleeding or hemorrhage. To his relief none but still, the creature wounded her shoulder tearing flesh and the sleeve of the dress. Rey was breathing and her shut eyelids flickered. The royal yacht was finally docked in the harbor. Kylo disposed of the majority of Trianiis while the ones left behind jumped out of the ship escaping. They weren't any match for Ren and his lightsaber skills. He rushed to Rey's aid and killed the creature that made that to her. The urge of torturing the Trianii some more while it screamed and twitched from pain on the floor crossed Kylo's mind. However, there was no time to waste especially when it came to Rey. "My light, I can't bare to lose you like this! Feel the force, tap to it, Rey." When Kylo was about to kiss her lips, Solculvis, followed by Sybille and King Kadlo arrived at the scene. Moira, the female Omwati servant also showed up and gasped from terror. They all thought Rey was dead but couldn't understand Kylo's sort of affections towards her. He was supposed to hate her and not care about Rey's well-being. With a low moan, Rey's eyes finally fluttered open. She looked around and saw everyone looking at her worriedly. "What happened?" She asked Kylo. "Mr. Ren here saved our lives and found you unconscious." King Kadlo answered for Kylo instead. "Apparently one of those furry creatures almost kill you." "He is very courageous," Princess Sybille said complimenting him. "They wanted to hurt my daughter. Both of you fought brilliantly," Solculvis said smiling at them. "Now I know why Snoke found you two powerful in the force." Rey was helped to stand up by Kylo and all of a sudden the princess reached to hug him. "Than you so much, Mr. Ren!" She then placed a kiss on his cheek. He saw how Rey pouted at him and clenched her fists tightly. The other two rulers shared a laugh at what the princess just did. The woman wasn't letting go of Kylo. "It's not really what you think," Kylo said acting as if he was referring to Sybille but instead he was throwing those words at an angry Rey. "Moira," Rey called the servant gazing at Kylo. "Please take me back to the palace. I need some rest after almost getting killed tonight." "Y-yes," Moira replied. "Let's go then." Rey was close to tears and left the scene in a hurry with the Omwati. The princess then broke her embrace and smiled at Kylo. All he wanted was to spend time with Rey but some obstacles kept separating them. It started raining heavily that evening and the temperature drastically changed. Luckily, there was a chimney in the room. Sparks and ashes flew a little up but it kept the place warm. Rey was back in her room after witnessing Princess Sybille being all over the man she loved. Rey obviously was not too fond of the royal woman. She was always flirting with Kylo and trying to get his attention from others. During dinner on board the yacht, Rey would roll her eyes every time the princess attempted to make it all about her. Rey had the urge to use the force and push her out of the ship. Not only Solculvis's daughter was getting on her nerves, but Rey couldn't stand her voice either. Moira helped her take off the dress. Putting on her nightgown was very difficult. The fabric would touch her shoulder injury that kept burning. Rey walked towards a mirror and tried to get a better look of it. Having better visibility, she saw three long scratches across the shoulder. They were bloody and it was a non-stop burning sensation. The skin around it was turning purple, perhaps infected alright. When her fingers traced one of the scratches Rey flinched immediately. The Trianii claws were extremely sharp like knives. Even though Rey was mad at Kylo, he saved her life. If it wasn't for him the creature would have ended her life in that moment. She then pressed a warm rag on it trying to ease the pain. "You have feelings for him, don't you?" Moira asked her as she took the dress in her hands. "No need to lie, young lady. That look both of you give each other is one of being in love." Rey's hands began to shake and needed to think of something to tell the wise Omwati. "Why would you say that? He is... he is repulsive and has done terrible things." Moira looked heavenward, "Say what you wish, but that is not going to prove me wrong." "Well, he just probably respects me and that's completely fine." Rey lied, trying to steady her shaky hands by brushing them together. The Omwati noticed this. "Yes, that could be too." Moira then walked to the door. Before leaving Rey's room she added, "Loving the enemy is not a curse. You and Kylo Ren are capable of producing a family powerful with the force. Don't let that chance escape, Rey." Rey sighed and chewed her lower lip. The door then slid down and Rey found herself alone now. Everyone was starting to suspect about them. This wasn't convenient for either of the two. " Finn, how I miss you, my friend," she mumbled. Finn would listen to her and be comprehensive. Rey needed to find a way to communicate with D'Qar and tell them she was doing fine. She then threw the bed cushions on the floor and prepared to go to bed, not feeling asleep that night. Loud thunder resonated outside and the brunette walked over the window to close the curtain. When she got closer, a fork of lightning illuminated a silhouette standing outside, sustaining the cold rain. Rey gasped and recognized it was Kylo and quickly opened the window. He then jumped inside the room completely soaked wet. Closing back the window, Rey turned to face him, pursing her lips together in a pout. "Be grateful I let you in. Next time you should pay a visit to Princess Sybille instead." His raven colored hair was all wet, some locks were sticking to his face. "How's your wound? She blinked as she stared at his face, "Does it really matter? The damage was done already and..-" "Let me take a look," he interrupted her, narrowing his eyes. "It wasn't looking pretty well the last time I checked." She sighed with an annoyed expression, "I'm fine. This warm rag is helping to ease the pain." Kylo then walked over Rey and turned her around with one arm. Holding her in place, he proceeded to check the three long scratches. "What are you doing? Let go!" She ordered trying to get rid of his hold. "Do not move," he said in a lower voice. "This won't hurt, I promise." Placing his right hand on top of the infected scratches, he closed his eyes and began concentrating on the healing process. A faint blue light started emanating from Kylo's hand and Rey flinched again. The burning pain was starting to dissipate and a cold tingling sensation took over now. It felt better and less tense than before. After the healing process was finished, Kylo opened his eyes and the light vanished. He then released Rey from his arm. "What was that?" She asked somewhat amazed by such power. "Force healing," Kylo answered, raking his wet hair back off his face. "It accelerates the healing of wounds. Yours is not that grave anymore." Tracing a finger on it, the scratches were dry and didn't hurt anymore. Luke never taught her such technique nor mentioned it while training back on Ach-to. Most likely he might also possess this power of healing through the force. "Thank you." "No need to, Rey," He said, feeling somewhat disappointed. "I'm capable of doing anything for you." She took a step forward, looking up at him. "Kylo..." Sounds and voices coming from outside alerted him. Kylo then walked to the door to see if they were approaching the room, but they were now sounding far away. "I mustn't be here," he said while glancing at the door. "We can get caught and there's surveillance all around this palace." That deeply hurt her expecting him to say otherwise. Kylo was leaving her, again. "Sleep well. Tomorrow we need to continue our training." He added, turning back to face her. Kylo didn't want to walk away but there were dangerous circumstances around. Before he could get back to the window, Rey wrapped her arms under his arms and around his chest from behind him, not letting him go. Kylo gasped with surprise. She nestled her head on his back not caring that he was all wet from the heavy cold rain. “Please, don't!" Rey begged. "It's not fair to lose you again!" She apologized still embracing him from behind. "Forgive me." He then turned and pulled her into him, cupping her cheek with one hand. “Why are you apologizing? I'm the one who yelled at you back at the ship, the one who keeps pushing everything away." "Because of my insistence to try and change things. That is supposed to be the work of destiny." Rey said looking into his face. Her eyes burned with passion. " I love you. " His mouth curved into a smile, "And I love you more, my light." He confessed. "My love for you is more powerful than hate, bigger than the whole galaxy altogether." His lips were mere inches away from her tempting ones. Kylo was breathing heavily with a heated desire, "I want you, Rey." Rey looked up to him and smiled. "Then put your hands on me once more." "With pleasure," He then said, pulling Rey into his arms, kissing her long a deep. Both were letting their tongues dance in each other's mouths. Rey whimpered as Kylo bit her lower lip, sucked on it, let her gasp for another breath before kissing her again. His strong hands trailed up and down her body. His full lips consumed her and his thick tongue dominated hers like she's never had. Breaking the kiss to regain their breath, Kylo pulled her nightgown off her, revealing her exquisite nude body. Holding her back firmly with one arm, he reached up and cupped her breast. He plucked a nipple between his fingers while he began to lick and suck the other one. Rey moaned placing her hands on his broad shoulders. Her eyes were closed as she felt the kind of pleasure she hasn't felt since their last encounter. This time it was better. He continued to feast on her breasts, kneading them, pulling on the nipples with his mouth on them. They kissed again with ferocity and Rey wrapped her arms around his neck. His hands were cold on her warm skin as they traveled up and down her bare back . Kylo lay on the carpeted floor with her in front of the fireplace which illuminated the whole room. Being on top of her, he could feel her warm body slithered over his cold wet one. With haste, he removed his clothes first starting with his boots, then pants that constrained him; the thick bulge of his erect cock was clearly visible now. Finally, his shirt which he struggled to also remove. Rey laughed helping him tug the sleeves over his wrists. Once both were unclothed, Rey opened her legs to allow him more space. Between some passionate kisses, they began rolling on top of the other on the floor. Rey ran her fingers through his wet locks as he trailed kisses down her neck, stopping to suckle the heated skin above her pulse point. He loved devouring and licking the sensitive skin on her neck. Kisses continued down at the top of her bare breasts, her stomach, and when Kylo reached her womanhood Rey moaned louder. “Aroused already, I see,” He said smirking at her. Rey immediately turned red, her eyes soft with amusement. He then spread her tender flesh with his thumbs and licked a long straight line from her opening up to her swollen nub at the top, eliciting another low moan from Rey. It made her legs tremble from extreme pleasure and dug her fingernails into a nearby cushion. After finishing, Kylo moved his mouth up to her body until he claimed her mouth again in a demanding kiss, running his hand up her thigh. To his surprise, Rey took hold of his shaft and slowly began stroking it up and down with one hand. With both hands placed on the floor at each side of her body, he closed his eyes and started groaning as Rey gave him pleasure too. With each stroke, he would be more turned on and grow hard. They took a brief pause to look into each other eyes. The sound of fire sparks was hearable coming from the fireplace. "I'm going in now," Kylo said to her brushing his fingers through Rey's loose chestnut hair. It was more like waiting for her consent to proceed. Her cheeks were crimson and slowly nodded, giving him permission to do so. "There is no need to say. I'm all yours and we love each other. It's all that matters to me." He smiled at her after hearing the response. Both already belonged to each other and this was their second time making love. Kylo claimed her lips and gently gripped her hips positioning her. Feeling him enter her, Rey threw her head back and moaned. He began thrusting slowly at first so Rey could accommodate to his size. As he moved inside of her, each gentle movement was matched by a sigh from Rey. Resolutely, Kylo began to move faster, thrusting harder and deeper. Hips moved with speed enough to jostle her. Rey moaned with pleasure, softly at first, but then it changed as he went on. He widened her legs further with his hands and lifted her hips to drive deeper and faster. Kylo grunted with each thrust and could feel droplets of sweat forming on his temple and sliding down his strong back. Her hips moved in rhythm with his, both of them straining to reach orgasm. She dug her fingers into his shoulders and hung on as he rode her hard. Reaching up, Kylo took Rey by the waist and pulled her down into his lap, still thrusting. Both were embracing, their backs all sweaty. He licked her neck. Bit her shoulder. "Rey... I'm close," Kylo said already feeling tensed. The pleasure that consumed Rey was not letting her talk. She was also reaching climax. After another deep thrust, Rey threw herself back with a strong orgasm that tore her whole body. Then, with a loud groan, Kylo came, his whole body stiffening from his release. After climaxing, they embraced still heavy breathing. The light from the fireplace was reflecting the sweat of their bodies. He felt Rey's lips on his forehead, then his temple. He then kissed her cheek, then the top of her ear and finally traveled to her swollen lips. They lay back on the floor, to recover smiling into each other's eyes. The cushions that Rey threw on the floor served them to be more comfortable. Both Kylo and Rey were lying on their sides facing each other. Her left hand entwined with his right one. They stared at each other for a long while, there was a bit of a pleasant silence in the room. The rain continued to fall never ceasing that evening. "Thought I would lose you tonight," He told Rey as his fingertips brushed the center of her palm. She also brushed hers at the center of his palm playfully. "Let's not argue ever again and most importantly try to work things out... together," "We definitely should," Kylo added moving his hand along her cheek to rub it. "But, I can't help it when you bring them into our lives." Rey was not going to insist this time to make him accept the Skywalkers as his family. Kylo had already blocked them from his life and it was an obstacle in their relationship. Rey would let fate decide now and make him accept the light. Both Luke and General Organa were aware of this and how hard was to change Ben Solo's mind. "I promise it won't happen again," Rey decided, her voice sounded sad. He stared at her face, also noticing the change in her tone. Of course, Rey considered them a family, the one she never had. Kylo suspected that the Resistance would take her away from him any time to continue their manipulation. "They're not worth it. When I was young, the Skywalkers underestimated me and now they're doing the same to you. Rey, you're safe with me." "Why Luke never told me about my father?" She suddenly asked. "How did he knew?" Kylo then shifted his weight in a sitting position leaning back his torso and head on the bed. His right arm rested on top of his right knee. Rey looked at him confused as changed to another position. "Do you want to hear the truth?" Kylo asked after he took a deep breath. "If it's about my family then yes. Tell me everything." Rey answered, crossing her arms over her naked breasts still lying on her side. She observed her pensive lover attentively, waiting for him to talk. "It all happened one afternoon, by the time I was only a young adult" Kylo began telling Rey. "Your father told us that he and his brother had my grandfather's lightsaber in their possession. Both were wealthy traders from Stewjon ." Rey gasped and quickly rose into a sitting position too. Her heart beat persistently after hearing that. "Stewjon? Is that where I..?" Kylo nodded. "Yes, Rey. You were born on that planet." "T-Then what happened?" The scavenger asked with urgency in her voice. "It resulted that your uncle was a traitor who wanted to get rid of both your parents and take you as his daughter. All because you were already strong in the force, even powerful than both brothers and their father." Rey was starting to feel anger and gritted her teeth, "That's why they abandoned me on that miserable planet! Then seeing my mother crying... I was so young back then. That bastard!" She then turned her back on him. Kylo could sense the pain building inside her and how Rey was breathing heavily in desperation. "That bastard is dead now, Rey." "Dead?! How?" Rey asked turning to look at him again. "I killed him," He confessed. "Together with the Knights of Ren we all eliminated his clan of thugs. We wanted my grandfather's lightsaber back from them." Groaning from frustration, she pressed both hands on her eyes as if that might stem the flow that was threatening. "They wanted to protect me from my uncle. But what about my parents? Their fate?" Kylo glanced to the floor, "That I don't know." "Please, you must know at least something!" The brunette exclaimed urgently. "Or maybe one of your knights!" "Rey, I would never lie to you. The fate of your parents is unknown to us." She wrapped her arms around her knees and lowered her head, a tear slid down her cheek. "All the while I've been living under the illusion that they would come back to me, but I guess Maz was right." "Rey..." Kylo called out to her but Rey didn't respond. Reaching up, the dark warrior gently pushed her hair aside and kissed the back of her neck, down her spine, then ran his tongue on its curve. He rested his chin on her shoulder, wrapping his long arms around Rey. "Does that makes you feel better?" He plastered a smile on her face. "It does. Even though I've lost everyone there's still you. "We have each other, Rey." Kylo then turned her to him. "I will always follow you until the end of time." Cupping his face in her hands Rey told him, " Promise me that you will stay with me forever." "Always, my light. Always." Both kissed each other savagely lying back on the floor, Kylo on top of her. They had the energy to make love again that night. Light and dark lovers were consumed by passion once more. "Any news from our spy in the Mol'leaj planet?" Snoke asked General Hux that morning in the throne room as both had a meeting to discuss their spy. The Supreme Leader was wearing a dark green robe with the same neckline design as the other one. Hux kept his usual upper stiff lip. "No Supreme Leader," he answered. "As of now, we haven't received any further information from our source." "I see," Snoke quietly said. "Perhaps there hasn't been an opportunity to contact us." During the last couple of days, Snoke felt a sudden change of heart in his apprentice. The girl's influence had to do with this. It was convenient that the two of them continue on being close. The boy was really a fool if he thought Snoke would reward him or even care for him. All the humanoid wanted was any Ren's offspring. "However, we were informed by another subject about an assassination attempt against Regent Solculvis last night." Hux then added crossing his arms behind his back. "Ren and the girl fought these intruders victoriously." "So they are fighting together now, excellent. Everything is going well according to my plan." "When will you get rid of Ren, Supreme Leader? He might try to outsmart us." Snoke leaned back in his chair comfortably, "Pretty soon, general. Kylo Ren won't be able to leave the Mol'leaj system alive." "Do we really need the girl, sir?" Hux asked him narrowing his eyes. "Yes, the scavenger is valuable to us. After I finish exploiting her like Ren, things will go differently." Snoke cruelly assured Hux. "Now, before you leave general, persist on communicating with our female Omwati spy. Any further notice you will immediately inform me." Hux nodded and bowed his head before leaving the throne room. He couldn't wait for Ren and the Resistance to be destroyed. Their end was near in Hux's mind.