I. Summary: Rey and Kylo Ren work together to escape the First Order and, after sharing a narrow bed, awaken to a shared desire. Notes: Written for the prompt "Sleepy morning kisses that accidentally turn intense" from the Sex Tropes list. They had fallen asleep together on the narrow cot out of sheer exhaustion. The small craft they’d stolen had been damaged by a pulse of laser cannon and Rey had worked furiously to repair the overheated shields and electrical overloads so the hyperdrive could function. Dashing back and forth from cockpit to the tiny engine bay, crawling along pipes and beneath banks of wires, she had had to brace herself against anything she could while Kylo steered them into an asteroid field, pitching the ship left and right, diving and swooping to avoid the flying masses of rock and ice. “This is your escape plan?” she’d cried in disbelief, pausing for a split-second as the ship turned sharply towards the field. Those dark eyes had turned to her briefly, cold and unfazed. “Until you get the hyperdrive repaired it’s the only way we can lose Snoke’s agents.” “Nobody can fly through an asteroid field!” “My father did.” He said it as a simple statement of fact, without emotion, with no discernible change of expression, but Rey had sensed the pang it caused him, the tightness in his chest like a fist gripping his heart. It was the first such reaction she’d felt in him and it buoyed her up as she worked, certain now – as she had not been but hours before – that his intention of defecting was genuine. Her confidence was bolstered still more when they left the asteroid field unscathed, all of Snoke’s pursuing agents having been smashed into particles behind them, and Kylo had engaged the hyperdrive on her word. It wasn’t trust, exactly – not yet. But they were beginning to work together, to rely on one another’s word, to anticipate the other’s actions, and this collaboration had saved them. Once they’d reached the system in the Outer Rim, they’d chosen a habitable moon at random, one with thick vegetation that could hide them, at least for a time, and Kylo had set the craft down gently beneath the eaves of a forest. And then they’d both collapsed. Escaping the First Order together had wrung them of every bit of energy they’d possessed. It was a two-person craft but there was only one cot, the second having been sacrificed at some time for smuggling purposes. The pilot’s chair was too cramped for anyone to rest in – certainly not someone with legs as long as Kylo’s – but Rey knew that if they were to continue to outpace and outwit their pursuers, they both needed to sleep, and sleep well. So she’d pointed at the cot. “We can share.” Kylo’s dark eyes had flicked from her face to the cot and back again, his expression inscrutable, but Rey was too weary to try and decipher it. And it seemed he was too tired to argue. He’d shed his outer robe and laid down; she had followed, hugging the edge, both of them facing in opposite directions. And quickly enough there was no more time for second thoughts. Rey, at least, had passed into a deep and dreamless sleep. When the three suns of the system rose in the morning, shining bright and warm through the view screen, Rey had woken to find herself in a very different position from the one she’d arranged herself in before closing her eyes. She was turned toward Kylo who was now on his back, her body pressed up against his side, one arm thrown across his chest, the hand curled around his left arm. Most disconcertingly, Rey had made use of Kylo’s chest as a pillow, her cheek pressed to his right pectoral, his heartbeat drumming steadily beneath her ear. For a long moment she lay still, heat burning in her face, afraid to move. She counted his heartbeats, listened to the soft sigh of his sleeping breath. The warmth of his body seeped into her, the coiled strength of it – against her stomach, her leg – overwhelmed her. Her knee lay half atop his thigh, her breasts were pressed against his ribcage, and she realized with a jolt that his right arm was beneath her, his right hand curled against the small of her back. It was the closest she had ever been to any other human being, and a strange mix of emotions surged through her, of which the most alarming was the sizzle of excitement that raced down her spine and burst in her groin. She drew back her hand from his arm and, before she could understand what she was doing, laid it softly upon his chest. His left pectoral was a hard bulge of muscle beneath her fingers and, absently, she began to trace the curve of it, then the line of his collarbone beneath the layered cloth of his tunic. She watched, almost as if outside of herself – remote and unconnected – as her hand slid lower, to the firmness of his stomach, rising and falling with his breath. She moved her knee, feeling the hard thickness of the thigh it rested upon. Kylo’s eyes opened then, locked with hers. They stared at one another without moving or speaking until suddenly Rey leaned up and pressed her mouth experimentally to his. She felt like she was on autopilot, acting not with conscious thought but with curiosity and instinct, driven by a weird flickering flame that had sprung up below her belly. Some part of her wanted to know what those full lips felt like, and there seemed no better way to determine that than to touch them with her own. The kiss was brief, soft, but when it was done she found Kylo staring at her with clear astonishment. Her impulse was to laugh. The Master of the Knights of Ren, the fearsome Jedi Killer – shocked by a kiss. But then the expression in his eyes changed: the deep brown darkened to obsidian, and a light kindled in them that Rey had only ever seen before in the eyes of a fellow scavenger who had been lost for weeks in the desert. That man had gazed at a dish of clean water in the same way Kylo was staring at her now, and the flame inside of her flared at this realization: flared and quivered and set the rest of her body alight. He wet his lips with the tip of his tongue and Rey pounced, wanting to feel that tongue, wanting to taste it. As she met his mouth again she slid her right leg over his hips, hauled herself completely atop him, knees braced on either side of his broad body. Kylo made a a soft moan of surprise, but it was lost in her mouth, lost on her tongue as she lapped at him, drank him, feasted on him: not with skill but messily, ravenously, all teeth and sucking lips and probing tongue. His hands went to her hips and held her atop him, but soon enough one strayed up to the back of her head and one by one he fingered loose the loops that held her hair. Brown cascades fell over her shoulders, against her cheeks, and he swept them gently through his grasp. Rey barely felt the need to breathe, the need to pause. Hunger clawed at her, desperate and urgent; there was a gaping, throbbing hole inside of her that needed to be filled, and she thought she might die if it wasn’t – If he didn’t – What knowledge she lacked nature supplied, and she moved her hips instinctively, grinding down and back, gasping when she felt the hard swell of his excitement rub against her most intimate flesh through the cloth of her trousers. Her eyes went to Kylo’s, dark but flashing with inner light, his plump lips wet with her saliva and parted on an exhalation, and she wanted him: every inch of him, to feel his naked skin hot and yielding against her own. In the meeting of their eyes the bond between them thrummed with electricity, almost visible in some lower spectrum of light, almost audible on some higher wavelength of sound. They panted and stared and it was just a few seconds, a dozen heartbeats, but it felt to Rey like an eternity of time. What was he waiting for, she wondered, the fire in her core aching, burning. She could sense his desire, she could feel his need, swelling and pulsing against her thigh. Why did he hesitate? He was waiting for a word, she realized. Waiting for permission. She had started this and now she was in control. He was ceding it to her, the power, and she knew suddenly that he would obey whatever she decided. She was the commander and he was the lowly foot soldier, only too willing to serve. With a roll of her hips that forced a groan from Kylo’s mouth, Rey gave her order, projecting it straight into his mind: Take me , she demanded. And he did. Chapter 2 : II. Summary: Rey encounters a man in a mask who invites her to dance the danse macabre . Notes: This prompt was written as a fill for the Gothic!AU prompt, "Will you dance, asked the man in the demon mask?" “Will you dance?” asked the man in the demon mask. But the mask was no disguise. She knew who he was: there could be no mistaking him, for she had seen his image in paintings and monuments, seen his likeness on the pages of history books and religious texts alike. From his outstretched hand plague came forth, contagion running in foul-smelling rivers, villages depopulated in a day. When he gave the command war arrived in force and the doors of the slaughterhouse stood open, devouring the wounded, spewing out blood and splintered bone. Famine was his plaything, pestilence his amusement; the landscape of his being was piled with the ash-heaps of hopes and dreams, of lives. He was Death. Robed in black, funerary garments frayed at the edges, worn with use or time. A mask of obliteration, decay: annihilating what was flesh, human, leaving only skeletal absences, voids for mouth and nose and eyes. She felt her own mortality more keenly because of him, and the closer he drew the more vulnerable she knew herself to be, trapped there in the circular, doorless room with someone who had transcended humanity, becoming something more. Or something less. Rey had heard of the danse macabre , the dance that ended with the dying of the dancer. She had gone to bed that night just as she always did, warm and secure in her blankets, pellets of ice intermixed with the snowflakes driven against her windowpane. But she had awoken on the cold floor of that dark room, not knowing how she had come to be there, how exactly she had been spirited away, certain only – dreadfully certain – that this was no dream. She felt the deathlike chill of the stone floor on her bare feet, the creeping draft worming its way through the walls, soaking through her nightgown with its redolence of earth and decay. Shivering, she shrank into herself, watching as Death emerged from the shadows, circled her, round and round without speaking, as if to draw taut the thread of her fate and snap it short. “What am I doing here?” she asked, and her lips moved and her voice shook and her breath was tight, constricting in her chest: things that didn’t happen in dreams. “You’re my guest.” With those first words he lifted his hand and the candles that dotted the walls were lit, flames innumerable as fireflies reaching up into the darkness over her head. But there were no doors, no windows, and Rey felt a suffocating kind of panic, wholly unaware of where she was: the pit of the earth, the farthest reaches of space. Or some nightmare constructed of illusion. Hell or heaven or something else entirely. Death came nearer and offered his hand. “Will you dance?” There was no music and Rey felt no inclination, certain that the invitation was an offer of her own destruction. She stood resolute, neither accepting nor retreating but holding her ground, defiant in the face of doom. But then Death removed his mask. And she saw not the face of some shriveled, blasted demon, some decomposing gatekeeper who led souls down into Erebus. It was a young man’s face of unearthly beauty. Not a demon but an angel: maybe fallen, but fallen on graceful, enchanted wings. She did not know why she put her hand in his, could not understand why she slumped into his arms. But so it happened and she was enveloped by him: by his cloak, by the night, by arms of inhuman strength. Time stopped or slipped past, fading away; they turned without moving, satellites in orbit, a slow rotation around a hidden sun. Her warm bed, her soft slippers, the snow piling up against her windowpane: all of this Rey willingly forgot, let go. There was nothing but him, black eyes and warm red lips, and if he was Death than she was Hecate, standing at the crossroads, shrouded in a veil of night with the crescent moon upon her brow. They would travel together from that moment forward, making a springtime of the cold barren tomb. Chapter 3 : III. Summary: Rey receives an invitation through her Force bond with Kylo. Notes: Written to fill Prompt #7, "I'm going to let myself go," from Prompt Set #780 by alloftheprompts “What are you holding on to?” Ren asked, and she could feel his mouth, hot against her ear, his arms like durasteel cords wrapped around her, holding her hard against his massive chest. She struggled to free herself, but even as strong as she was there was no force - and no Force - that could avail against him. “The Light,” she said, “I hold on to the Light.” “What if there is no such thing?” he whispered. No: the Light was where she stood — she knew this; the Darkness was what had enabled him to do all that he had done. But she had often wondered about the place in between, the place where the Light and the Darkness met and mingled. “Come and find me there,” Ren said, as if he could read her thoughts: for, of course, he could. “I’ll be waiting there for you.” And then he was gone, his immediacy, his presence, shimmering away through the channels of their bond. “I’m going to let myself go,” Rey whispered, though who she confided this to - Master Luke, herself, the very Force eternal - she did not know. Chapter 4 : IV. Summary: Rey takes advantage of Kylo's voyeuristic use of their Force bond to show him who's in charge. Notes: Written to fill the prompt "you’re only allowed to sit there and watch until I tell you otherwise,” from the Sex Tropes list. He had known that the bond they’d unwittingly forged would complicate things. No matter how skilled he was, how many more years of training he possessed, she had raw power, and she was unafraid to use it: not just for defense, but to probe his own thoughts. He kept his shields up but it was a delicate balance: to learn anything of her location, he had to lower them, to reach out along that connection and catch her unprotected. But more and more frequently it was he who was being caught, his mind the one being invaded. More than once he had sensed her there, extracting bits and pieces of him: his past, his emotions, things he’d thought he’d long since buried. That she would use it all against him was certain. That she would use it to torment him was unexpected. He was sitting in his meditation chamber, reaching out toward her, questing with his thought. He had had some small victories, seen glimpses of water and sky and green cliffs, seen the face of his former master. But every time, before he could extract much useful information, she had become cognizant of his invasion, and she had pushed back. It was the same that day. Except — she did not push back this time. She opened, beckoned: invited him in. It was as dangerous as plunging into a black hole, but he went, his curiosity too strong. She pulled at him, guiding him forward, until suddenly she turned him, absorbed him, allowed him to see out through her eyes. The scavenger stood in front of a panel of burnished glass. She stared into the reflection of her own dark eyes, knowing they transferred the vision to him. Reaching up, she began undoing the knots that held her hair away from her face, letting the silken tresses fall layer by layer. Her lips curved up slowly in a gentle, playful smile. I know you want to come to me. She spoke into his mind, through their bond. But you cannot. Not yet. Not until I tell you to. He had never had much patience. But he had never understood true frustration until that moment. She was light years away but she held him fixed with the Force, pinned down by his own desire. His breath caught in his throat as he watched through her own sparkling eyes as she drew the partial sleeve down one arm, then the other: inch by slow, teasing inch. Then she began to unfasten her tunic, pushing it back off her shoulders, letting it fall to the ground below. A burning, swelling, boiling sensation uncoiled deep in his groin. Tendrils of fire licked and danced up the column of his spine. His eyes - through her eyes - raked over the curves of her body, the beautiful round swells revealed through the tight fabric of her undershirt. The blood hummed in his veins and she heard it and smiled again. She touched her throat with both hands, slid them down over her clothed breasts, her fingers rising over those hills, then falling. She grasped the hem of the undershirt and slowly drew it up: up, over her head. She wore nothing underneath. A gasp escaped his lips as she revealed herself to him: the turmoil in his body coalesced in a throbbing point of pressure that sent vibrations out through every nerve, every vein. His mouth watered: he could almost feel her breasts - soft and supple - against the palms of his hands. She exhaled slowly - he could feel the heat rising in her body, could see the flush on her cheeks, evidence of her own arousal - and she lifted her hands, cupping herself, moving her fingers in slow circles around her nipples: swollen, red, peaked. As he watched her, hypnotized by the circular movement, the brush of fingertips against those hardened nubs of flesh that he could sense through their bond, he tugged the black glove from the fingers of his right hand and began to unlace the fastening of his trousers. The Force trembled around him as he took himself in hand; as he stroked his length, pulsing and twitching in his grip, the panel of a console across the room began to shake, its indicator lights to dim and flicker. I can feel you , she projected into his mind, how badly you’re aching . He grunted with frustration and rubbed his thumb over his slick tip. She bit her lip and pinched her nipples between her fingers, and he jerked into his own hand, burning from the inside out. A line of indicator lights on the console burst, tendrils of acrid smoke filling the room. The mild brushes of sensation he felt through their bond was not enough, not nearly enough: watching her was torment when he wanted with all of his being to feel her, taste her - slip his tongue along the line of toned muscles in her stomach, suck on one of those pert pink nipples until she begged him to stop. He wanted to feel her legs around him, her fingers raking through his hair; wanted to feel her breath against his ear, his neck, his name - his true name, any name - murmured in ecstasy against his skin. He wanted to be one with her, to meld with her, to feel her clamp and close around him, to fill her with part of himself and watch the pleasure cross her face in waves and dance like fire in her eyes. But he could not touch her, not really. He could not grasp her, hold her: she was light years from him, and he knew not where. This was her revenge: and a sharper, more humiliating punishment than any wound a lightsaber could bestow. He had slid from his chair and was on his knees, sweating and panting and rutting into his own hand, all his dignity and command utterly gone. And she knew it, knew the power she possessed, for she was smiling as she undid the laces of her trousers, began to push them down over her slender hips to give him a glimpse of her most secret treasure, that place he thirsted most to be… And abruptly, she closed the bond. Kylo Ren moaned wantonly as he fisted himself, as his body shook and sweat dripped down to tremble on his dark eyelashes. The image of her, the link to her, was utterly gone when he finally came, spending thickly all over his hand. Then he slumped to the shiny black floor of the meditation chamber, laid his fevered cheek against the cold tile, and curled into himself: gasping for breath, his palm and fingers sticky around his softening cock, shame flooding his body to chill him where the sweat had evaporated. And he knew, with a sickening roll of his stomach, that he was beaten.