Leather/Latex - Reylo Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The fabric had always held some sort of strange fascination for him. Leather was equal parts smooth enough to caress and harsh enough to irritate. It was pliable, but solid, and as the hard leather encased hand wrapped around his cock to give a firm tug, he was reminded just why he loved it. His gasp broke the silence before punctuated only by his harsh breathing and the cap of the lube being opened. “This is a little fucked up, even for you.” Rey’s voice held no revulsion, just interest. He smiled into the soft sheets of his bed, hands fisting in the cotton as she pressed one slicked, leather covered digit against the pucker of his ass. When she pressed in to the first knuckle he keened, and relaxed his body just enough to allow further entrance, shifting his hips so that he could impale himself on her finger. Her breath caught, and he felt the heat of her stare on his ass. It still stung, likely red from the flogging she’d given him ten or so minutes ago. His evening was fast blurring together. It was all for him, though. Everything for him. Her curiosity enabled Kylo to seek new pleasures, to root out the tension and energy that fused with his bones and exert it in a more enjoyable, healthy way. Perhaps not so healthy, but as he sank to the knuckle, and her left hand tightened around the base of his cock, he found that it really didn’t matter. “I mean seriously.” Rey continued, sliding her left hand up to wipe the precome over the angry, red top of his cock before it could drip onto his bed. “Asking me to wear your grandfather’s gloves and fuck you with them? Kylo, you’ve gotta admit. It’s different.” He squeezed around her finger and she whined softly, adding a second slowly to his entrance and easing it in. “Yeah,” he gasped, eyes fluttering as he looked over his shoulder at her. Her pupils were blown, her lips wide and swollen from having bitten them in her interest. “But you like it. You like knowing that you have on the gloves worn by the most powerful man in the galaxy. Like knowing that you can make me come apart even without the Force. All it takes is a cro--ook,” he groaned, breaking the word into two syllables as she flexed her fingers upwards just so, the leather of the gloves rubbing deliciously against his prostate. Fuck, if she kept that up he wasn’t going to last. “Of your fingers, and I’m a delirious mess.” She repeated the motion, as though to prove a point, and he saw stars exploding in the backs of his eyelids. “So be quiet then, Kylo, and let me break you down.” She started to move her hands in tandem, jerking him off as she pressed against his prostate. His every nerve was on fire. His nails ripped holes in the sheets and he couldn’t have cared less as she quickened her pace, determination shaping her brow. “Let me fuck you with the gloves of the most powerful man in the galaxy. Let me bring you to come with the help of the man who sought to bring order, and peace, through the Dark Side. The one who guides you. Let me help break you down, let me bring you back up. C’mon, Kylo.” She leaned over him and bit his shoulder, bruising the skin. Breaking it. He felt something warm wash over his skin and knew it was her tongue. “Wanna hear you scream.” And scream he did. Notes: There's now a follow up to this in Ch. 5 Chapter 2 : Shotgunning - Reylux, HS AU Notes: Going out of order here, but I had an idea and couldn't stop myself. Inspired by this wonderful, amazing artwork. Seriously, it's gorgeous, and I'm such a fucking sucker for this kink I had to write it. So. This chapter involves: underage drinking, underage smoking, recreational drugs, threesome, minor dubious consent (???), underage sex (all characters being of the age of consent, but legally underage), come sharing, oral sex, dirty talk, throat fucking, rough sex, and obviously--shotgunning, of both smoke and alcohol. Wow, that's a lot. Yeah. Hope you enjoy! She’s already edging on high by the time the two of them get to Hux’s house. His parents are gone for the weekend, and she’s gotten permission from her piece of shit excuse of a foster father to go to Jess’s house for the night. There’s no reason he has to know that she hasn’t talked to Jess in a couple of weeks. There’s no way he’d care. The blunt between her fingers is already halfway gone, given to her by the ginger already leading her into the house, and she takes a last couple quick drags before making to throw it away. His parents probably wouldn’t enjoy him sullying up their fancy digs with pot, even if it clings to her breath and clothes like a perfume, so there’s no reason she ought to bring it inside. He catches her hand before she can throw it to the ground and step on it, bringing her hand instead upwards so he can take the last drag. His lips slide over the spot hers had been and her breath catches. Heat blazes from where his fingers hold her by the wrist, and when Hux opens his eyes to look at her through his lashes it’s not the weed that’s making her lightheaded. He’s a senior, a year above her, and she’s been fucking into him like a bad habit since he started talking to her this year. Her surprise reads on her face, she can tell by the way his lips quirk upwards, and it makes her cheeks heat up. “No use wasting any,” he says, smoke furling slowly from between his lips with every word. “That’s premium product right there.” “Sorry.” The word’s an instinctive response, one well cultivated by a man quick to anger and even quicker to lash out as soon as he feels wronged. Hux simply shakes his head, takes the last puff, and when the wrapper has burnt to nearly ashes drops it to stomp it out. “C’mon. Ren’ll be waiting for us and you know how grouchy he gets.” Yes. She does. It’s half the reason she’s certain she’s insane for being just as into him as she is Hux. And now she’s spending the night in a house with the two of them. She’d be lying if she said she wasn’t prepared for something. She might not’ve had the cutest choices in underwear, but at least the black lace of her bra and worn black thong look like they might match. Her stomach churns at the thought of Hux unbuttoning her jeans and his expression when he sees her in her lingerie, but he’s already opening the door for her to head inside before she can say or do much more of anything. Her high is catching up to her, easing the tension in her spine and shoulders as she descends into the basement, the rec room as Hux calls it. It looks more like a swanky nightclub. There light’s dimmed already, an enormous flat screen taking up the majority of the wall just opposite the stairs, Halo on the XBox as Kylo jams at the buttons in between taking sips from a dark beer bottle. If she was worried about making the house smell, well, she ought not to have been. There’s a distinct aroma of weed and cigarettes that tells her she’ll fit right in and yet, simultaneously, that she’s ridiculously, pathetically, out of her league. “Can I fix you a drink?” Hux asks, already taking her cardigan off of her. She shivers, wrapping her arms around her midsection. How is it she feels naked already? “Shirley Temple?” She’s trying to be cute, and his smirk tells her he knows it. “Open bar and you ask for sprite and grenadine. C’mon, Rey.” He takes her hand in his. She has to fight back a shiver. “Live a little. C’mere. I’ll fix you something.” She couldn’t keep track of what exactly it was he put into the tall glass she’s sipping out of, but it’s good and sweet, mixing with the lightheadedness of her high as the drug finally settles into her system. THe ice clinks gently as she takes a deep drink, then sets it on a coaster on the coffee table. She’s smiling as Kylo curses at the TV, and Hux draws slow, lazy circles on the side of her arm, his own draped around her shoulders. She snuggles into the heat he offers, wondering if it’s just in her mind that the basement is so cold, or if it’s done intentionally. When he pulls his arm away she feels a sad spark run through her, eyes immediately training themselves on where he’s shoved his hand into his pocket to pull out a small cigarette and a golden lighter. The metal is embossed with some symbol she can’t make out, and before she can think better she blurts out: “Can I have one?” Hux pauses, thumb on the trigger of his lighter, cigarette already poised between his lips, when he plucks it out and offers it up to her. She takes it between two jittery fingers. This should help to calm her down, right? He clicks the lighter, and the fire makes his hair burn crimson as it bathes over the pair of them. She wants to stare at it, but can’t, forcing herself to sit forward instead and press the tip of the cig to the light, inhaling as it catches. The tobacco burns, stinging her nostrils, but she inhales and lets the smoke go in a slow, hazy cloud. Through it she can catch Hux staring at her, and it makes her skin ignite. She offers him the cig, which he takes with all the grace of a king. There’s something stupidly elegant about the way he looks as he wraps his lips around the butt of it and breathes in, the way his cheekbones grow sharp and his eyes go dark. He offers her another toke, but this time brings it up to her lips himself. His face is so close to hers she can feel his breath on her cheek, and before she can exhale his mouth is on hers. “Open up,” he murmurs against her mouth. She’s too shocked to fight it, letting the smoke slip from her lips to his, trying not to come right then and there from the sensation of him taking the smoke from her lungs, like it’s something fucking sacred. She can feel his cock jutting against her thigh given how close he’s sitting to her, and something in her brain switches over. This is it. She watches him take a drag himself, and pulls him closer by the front of his shirt to share the smoke again, licking at his bottom lip to get him to open up. Not that it’s difficult. He pulls her onto his lap with one hand on her ass, and her mind is buzzing so loudly she can’t be bothered by just how quickly he’s moving. That hand takes hold of her backside and squeezes hard enough to make her gasp, her back arching, legs moving to straddle his hips and ground down against his groin. She can feel him right where she needs him as if he was made to fit perfectly between her legs. He takes another drag from the cigarette and stares at her through the haze of smoke between them. It makes her eyes burn, but there’s something fucking exciting about the way he’s staring at her, as though he expects her to hold the keys to the kingdom he’s seeking to conquer. She wets her lips and watches his gaze flit to her tongue. “Ever shotgun a drink before?” he murmurs, the lilt to his words making her shudder. She shakes her head, and Hux grins. Shifting so he can bend his ankle to his knee, he puts out the cigarette on the bottom of his shoe, before holding tight to her with his left and reaching to grab his drink with his right. The movement makes Rey want to shiver as his cock presses all the closer to her. All it’d take, she thinks, is a quick unzipping of her pants and a loss of her panties, as well as his pants being shifted. Sex isn’t something she’s unfamiliar with, but sex with Hux? It’s got her soaked and panting like it’s her first time. Hux takes a slow swig of whiskey and presses closer, slotting his lips to hers. She opens her mouth on instinct, and the warm, sweet liquor slips from between his lips to hers, filling and burning her mouth in equal measure. She wants to moan but swallows instead, relishing the burn and the headrush that follows as he drags his tongue across her bottom lip to taste the sweet liquor on her lips. “Think I like it better than smoke. I actually get to taste you.” Hux’s words sear themselves into her skull, and his teeth sink into her bottom lip hard enough to make her cry out and grind down against him. Her fingers fist in his shirt, and he toys with the hem of hers, fingertips brushing against the pale skin he can reach without going too far. There’s a sudden absence of sound and a warm pressure against Rey’s back that might’ve made her start if she wasn’t so damn relaxed. Full lips press against her throat and she whimpers. “If I’d have known this was what you had in mind, Hux, I wouldn’t have bothered trying to entertain myself.” Kylo slots his body right up against hers and she can feel him hard, and thick, against the seam of her ass. Fuck. She wants that, wants it bad. Divesting, between three people, is far easier than Rey can imagine, but everything’s happening so quickly that she’s still having to pinch herself to remind herself that she’s awake. Kylo purrs with happiness as he notices her thong, his wide palm smacking her ass hard enough to make her jump, but the garment doesn’t last long before its’ thrown onto the floor along with her bra. Hux produces condoms from the center console of the couch, which Rey doesn’t even want to think about, and Kylo’s quick to offer up himself as the first to go. Hux’s smirk only makes Rey wetter. “Probably in your best interest to start off with one of us,” he taunts, fingers flicking her left nipple as she eases her wany onto Kylo’s cock. He’s huge, and she could feel it when he ground his hips against her but had no fucking way of preparing herself for this. It’s a lucky thing she’s as wet as she is, which makes sliding on his dick at least a little easier. “Not so sure you could handle us both.” The words register just quickly enough to make her turn and glower at Hux, determinedly sinking herself lower on Kylo’s dick despite the burn. She forces fire and conviction into her words: “I can handle you both. Don’t think you’re so damn special.” Hux catches her chin and tips her face upwards. He’s half naked, his shirt long gone and his pants opened, but clinging desperately to his hips. She wants to run her tongue over the line of his hipbones and swallow his cock whole if he’ll let her. “Guess I’ll just need you to show me.” That does it. As Kylo takes hold of her hips and bodily moves her up and down on his cock, which is a damn wonder and a half that sends sparks of lightning up her spine, she greedily paws at the open front of Hux’s jeans, not stopping until his boxers are pulled down and his cock springs out. The red tip dribbles precome, and he paints her bottom lip with it before she opens her mouth to take him in. He’s warm, and heavy, a good, solid weight on her tongue to make her hum with happiness as she bobs her head in tune with Kylo’s thrusting into her. She drags her tongue on the underside of his dick and delights in the shudder it draws from him. Kylo swears quietly from beneath her. “Fuck, you look so good with his cock down your throat, Rey.” She preens under the praise, wrapping her right hand around the base of Hux to jerk off the rest of his length that she can’t get to as she begins to roll her hips and ride Kylo in earnest. She’ll show them that she can handle the both of them at once, the fools. Kylo’s cock fills her up in a way that her fingers never have been able to. She’s been counting down the days till she turns 18 and can actually go out and buy a toy to get her through the difficult, lonely evenings, but this? His cock hits every perfect spot within her, and when he tilts his hips forward slightly the head rubs up against her gspot without fail. It makes her lose her rhythm, but he’s always there to help her find it once more. His right hand leaves her hips to trail downwards just as she pulls off Hux’s cock to give it a slow, obscene lick from root to tip, then moves back to mouth at his balls. The ginger’s gone beet red by this time, his brow furrowed and mouth parted as he pants, and Rey delights in knowing that she’s the cause as she taps her tongue with his cock, moreso for show than anything else. “You’re a little tease, aren’t you?” he huffs. Rey giggles, but the sound quickly morphs into a low, gutteral groan as Kylo rolls her clit around with his thumb, keeping in time with his thrusts into her. She tightens around him, face screwed up, and Hux grabs her by the chin, forces her mouth open, and fucks into her throat. She takes it, relaxing herself with considerable ease and allows her mind to drift. It’s wonderful to be used in this way, she has to admit. To be wanted, needed even. Kylo’s making her body sing, while Hux has a handful of her hair and is working on fucking his cock with her mouth. Given the stuttering of his hips it’s not going to be much longer till he finishes, and she sucks all the harder to bring him off to completion. Who was it that couldn't handle it again? She’s cresting before she even realizes it, and every muscle in her body goes taut as her back arches and her hands fly up to massage her own breasts, tugging at the hardened nipples as her hips roll and jerk with her orgasm. Kylo stills underneath her, his eyes hooded, while Hux withdraws from her mouth slowly. “No,” she gasps, lurching forward to take him into her mouth again, sucking with a renewed fervor that has little to do with her own orgasm. She grinds down on Kylo, switching and raising herself onto her haunches so she can better fuck herself on his cock as she chokes on Hux, but forces herself to continue on. She can handle them both, she can do it . Hux comes before she can even begin to prepare for it. There’s no warning save his hand on the back of her head, holding her in place as he buries himself to the hilt in her mouth and comes down her throat. She relaxes as best she can, catching it on her tongue so that when he pulls away there’s a couple threads of come connecting her lips and the tip of his cock. He curses at the sight, but Rey just grins, opening her mouth and showing him the collected come on her tongue. He doesn’t have to say a word and she’s turned, bent over to kiss Kylo hard on the lips. He opens his mouth for her, and Hux’s come slips past his lips and onto his tongue. He comes, filling the condom with a muffled shout and a couple stuttering thrusts that have Rey keening against him. Her small body is pressed up against his, his left arm wrapped around her waist to keep her in place as his hips pump up against hers once, twice, then go still beneath her. Beside them, she hears Hux lighting a cigarette, and turns to smile at him and watch as he blows out a slow puff of smoke, his body splotched with red, cock hanging limply between his parted legs as he lounges next to them. “In an hour or so we’re gonna do that again,” Hux says with a small smile, the one that Rey feels so lucky to see given how rare it is. “Definitely,” Kylo agrees. “An hour?” Rey snorts. “C’mon. Who’s the one who can’t handle it now?” Chapter 3 : Size Difference - Reylo, Tinder AU Notes: Here is the Tinder AU I had started a couple weeks ago and finally got around to finish (hurray for wine!). Hope you enjoy it, thanks for reading! This chapter offers up consensual unprotected sex (in which Rey has birth control), and a casual hook-up/one night stand situation a la Tinder. She swipes right because honestly? She can’t remember the last time she’s gotten decently laid, and this guy’s lips look like they’re made for oral sex. It’s likely a long shot she’ll be able to convince him to go down on her, assuming he agrees with her choice and swipes right for her, too, but hey it’s a starting point. Ten minutes later, and half a hundred left swipes later, and her device pings with an incoming message. Want to meet up? 31, not looking for anything serious. Says you’re only half a mile away. I’ll buy you dinner. She oogles the message, grateful that Finn’s nowhere nearby to be her voice of reason, thanking whatever god is up there that he’s over at Poe’s and she’s already half a bottle of wine in, which makes this sound like a great idea. It doesn’t help she hasn’t eaten since this morning’s cold pizza, and she’s fucking horny as all unholy hell. Sure. Come pick me up. 2234 Jakku St. I’ll be wearing a dress. It’s about as descriptive as she dares get. He’s already got her picture, he knows exactly what he’s getting and fuck all if a free meal and a free fuck doesn’t sound perfect. She hardly waits for his answering response, denoting that he’ll come pick her up in half an hour, before she’s already scrambling off her couch. She stumbles over her feet in her haste to find the cutest dress she owns, the sexiest underwear stashed at the very back of her dresser. Even if they don’t match her three years old Victoria’s Secret lace bra, the black frills make her ass look bigger, more fit, and she’s not so sure how long she’ll even have them on (should she bother, really?) but it’s better to be safe than sorry. Somehow the offer for dinner makes the potential sex all the more acceptable, makes it a norm of society, as though the basic passage of food past lips and into the bellies of a couple denotes that yes, these two are prime matchmaking material. Her dress hits just above her knees as she waits in the chilly October air near the edge of her apartment complex. She doesn’t want him to come up to her place, doesn’t want him to necessarily know where it is she sleeps just . . . well, she’s not quite sure how it’s going to go to be honest. He’s already picking her up, but she’s texted Jessika to make sure that at least someone knows where it is she’s going. Him coming back to her apartment just feels like too much, and the underlying promise of his words is that he’ll bring her back to his place. A black car with tinted windows pulls up to the curb, inches from where her flats dig into the hardened earth of the stop, and the window rolls down to show the face of Kylo Ren. The angles of his face are sharper in person than even on his picture and her breath catches in anticipation at the dark grin he flashes her. “Rey?” “Unless you’re expecting another girl in a dress to be waiting for you, yep. That’s me.” The door unlocks and she slides inside, ignoring the hammering of her heart in her throat. His answering laugh still bubbles between them, dark as molasses and just as sweet as it fills her ears. “You’re shorter than I imagined.” She shoots him a glance. They’ve hardly made it twenty feet from where she was standing and she’s left to wonder if this is a shit idea already. “Yeah, nice to meet you too.” He takes her out to a nice enough Italian place, with fettuccine that makes her tastebuds dance. He orders wine as she decides on water, not wanting to run up the bill--or being old enough to join him in drinking--and she can’t help but watch the way his lips grow red as he sips at the merlot he ordered. He’s going to taste like wine when she kisses him, and with the waiters back to them he offers her a sip. It’s sweeter than she’s expecting when she obliges, hastening to suck down a quick nip while given the opportunity. Sweet, and a little fruity. Is it going to make him easier to kiss? She isn’t sure it’s possible, given how badly she’d wanted to bite and suck on those full lips of his, but maybe. Just maybe. It certainly doesn’t hurt. He gives her bedroom eyes over dessert, a slice of tiramisu loaded with sweet whipped cream. She takes her time licking it off the tip of her spoon, delighting in the way that his dark eyes follow as her tongue scrapes over the curved edges. Under the table, she reaches her leg to stroke his, and he catches her ankle just as it brushes against his knee. She jolts, surprised at the strength with which he keeps her in place, but that surprise turns to a barely muffled moan when his thumb rubs slowly at her ankle. The pressure is delicious, somewhere between too much and not enough, and it sends curls of fire up her calf and right between her legs. The inside of her cheek is raw from her chewing on it to keep from letting on too much how much this gets to her. “If you’re going to play with fire you’re going to get burned.” “You’re assuming I can’t handle it.” She stares at him, watching as his pupils dilate further. “I can. I will.” They’ve only just pulled under the carport of his apartment complex before her hand snakes up between his legs and rubs slowly at the semi he’s already rocking. Good to know he’s as excited as she is; the fire that had started at the restaurant was only flamed all the further in the gathering silence between them as he’d concentrated on driving. The furrow of his brow, combined with the ever climbing needle of his car’s speedometer, were indicators enough of his desperation to get them to their destination. Still, it’s reassuring to know she’s not alone in her desire. He groans when her hand wraps around his thickening cock, his knuckles going white on the steering wheel as the car idles. “You keep this up I’m going to end up inside of you before we even make it into my apartment.” She hums and squeezes him enough to bring forth another groan. His lips are on hers before she can speak, and he’s as sweet as she thought, tasting of coffee and red wine. A shiraz, if she remembers correctly. His tongue swipes along the curve of her bottom lip and all thoughts of wine pairings, of anything but the heat of his body against hers, disappears. Her body arches against his as he slides an arm around her, and his second hand cups the side of her face with alarming softness that she’d have thought him a different man if not for the plush, full lips pressed against hers. “Want you on my bed. Properly.” He’s gasping the words against her mouth and she nods quickly, managing to disentangle herself from him, and her seatbelt, in what feels like record time given how badly she needs to feel him against her. It has been too long if he’s got her this hot and bothered already. She really needs to invest in better toys if she’s going to be this desperate after one dinner and a kiss. There’s not much of a chance for her to get a look at the apartment. No sooner have they made it up three stairs and past the front door, which, when closed, is followed with the heavy click of the deadbolt, then he’s got her in his arms and hoisted off the floor. Instinctivly, she wraps her legs around his waist, gasping as he presses her up against the door and leans his forehead against hers. “Thank you for wearing a dress,” he groans, hand already fiddling with the button and zipper of his fly. They’ve exchanged the pleasantries about protection already--she’s got an implant, he’s clean, she’s clean--so when he pushes her panties off to the side and slides inside her with remarkable ease it’s all she can do to groan and hold on for dear life. Her fingers carve their way into his shoulders as she clings to him like her life depends on it. It might, if she doesn’t come soon. The tension between them has brought her closer to the edge than she can remember any man getting her by kissing alone, and when he cants his hips forward at the perfect angle it’s like he’s already an expert at reading her body. She whines and whimpers and bites at his throat, ripping the buttons off of his shirt in her haste to strip his shirt off, to run her fingers over the curves of his muscles and strong arms. She feels so damn small in his grip, utterly dwarfed by the bulk of his frame, and when he slams her up against the door so he can grip the skirt of her dress and yank it up and over her head, she can’t help but be amazed at how easily he can throw her around. She comes, hard and fast, thinking about him plowing her into the mattress with her hands pinned up above her head, unable to stop him even if she wants to. He hisses as she clenches around him, hands newly settled on her hips as his own pace falters. “Fuck me, you’re tight.” “Yeah, well you’re bigger than my fingers.” He grins, and she kisses him before he can say something to ruin the moment. “Why don’t you take me to bed?” She rides him on his own mattress, her legs bracketing his hips, her palms flat on his broad chest as she steadies herself atop him. His palms cup her ass, and every so often he bodily lifts her up and off his cock, before gripping her hips to slam her back down. Her back arches each time he does, and if she wasn’t so in love with having control over this behemoth of a man she might let him bounce her on his cock like a damn basketball on a gym floor. As it stands, however, she can’t get enough of the frustrated flush that creeps over his chest when she slows down to swivel her hips, taunting him, or when she leans in to bite at his nipples, rolling her hips in tandem with the quick flicks of her tongue over the sensitive nubs. “Wanna come, gonna come so hard, dammit. Rey.” Her name sounds like heaven on his lips, his chest vibrating with how deep his voice has become in his desire for her. His eyes have all but blown black entirely as he stares reverently at her. His grip on her hips becomes more needy, tightening as he begins to take control. She lets him, willing herself over to his strength. She’s had her fun, now all she needs to do is relax and enjoy the sensation he’s offering her. She comes again with the force of a sneeze--sudden, unstoppable, and leaving her eyes watering as she shudders and her face pulls into a sort of contorted grimace of pleasure and sensation. She knows the look all too well, hates it, but he cups her by the chin and forces her to stare straight at him as she does. His hips have long since lost their rhythm and with a bellow he hilts himself within her. The sudden sensation of warmth filling her brings her to shudder, and it wouldn’t surprise her if she’s come again from just how damn hot it is. He lets her collapse on top of him, and wraps one arm lazily around her waist as she shivers and feels his spend begin to seep slowly out of her. “So,” she starts after they’ve caught their breath. He turns his face down to stare at her as she smiles and plants a kiss on his bicep. “What do you say we rest for about an hour, then try this again?” Chapter 4 : Exhibitionism - Reylo, Modern AU Notes: Alright, so it's been awhile! But I had an idea and ran with it. Hope you enjoy this! Content for this chapter includes: exhibitionism (clearly), friends-to-lovers/friends with benefits sort of relationship, barebacking, car sex, and dirty talk. Thanks for reading and for commenting! It really helps to inspire me to keep writing about these dirty birdies. The whole traveling around the country idea had sounded so great when Kylo had first suggested it, but now? Three hours in and she was bored. Her soda had gone flat, the scenery had begun to blur together as they’d headed down the highway, chasing the horizon to the next state border, and the radio had played Closer for at least the thousandth time and Rey couldn’t even find it in herself to sing along again. She shifted, sure that her ass had gone numb again, as she snuck a look at Kylo in the driver’s seat. His eyes were glazed over, his thumbs tapping out the familiar beat on the well-worn steering wheel, and the wind whipped his long, curly hair in and out of his face. The corners of Rey’s lips curled, a thought hitting her as she watched his eyes scan the world just outside their car. Slowly, quietly, her hand undid the belt that kept her secured in her seat, grateful when he didn’t seem to notice the ‘snick’ of the lock coming undone. There was minimal traffic so she wasn’t so concerned about accidents as she leaned over, and closer, to mouth her way down the side of his throat. That got his attention. He went stiff and her hand slid down to massage his cock through his well-worn jeans. “Rey.” His voice was so thick that he had to clear it. “What’re you doing?” “Improvising.” She ran her tongue along the shell of his ear and he shuddered. Beneath her palm she felt his cock twitch and thicken, hard and insistant against her hand as she deftly undid the button and zipper of his jeans. Thank God. He wasn’t pushing her away, and though they’d never done this she couldn’t imagine him stopping her. She’d seen the way he’d watched her, eyeing her like a double shot of whiskey that he’d like to throw back and swallow whole, devour until there was nothing left of her. She hummed against his skin as she took him in hand and ran her hand slowly up his shaft. He was thicker than she’d thought, and long enough to be proportionate to his frame. Her tongue ran against her lower lip and she shifted downwards. Every motion was slow enough to allow him time to push her away, to tell her no , but he didn’t. He didn’t, and she wrapped her lips around the head of his cock with a hum of pleasure. Her tongue swirled over his head, salty precome covering her tastebuds, before she sank the first couple inches onto him. He was warm and firm, his skin smooth under her tongue as she ran the flat of it along the vein just underside his cock. That made his hips jerk and she grinned to feel him fuck her throat. If she did it again, and again , it was only to test the hypothesis that he was one of the most responsive men she’d had her mouth on. Fuck, she wasn’t complaining though. The scent of him, and weight of his cock pressed between her lips, was as addictive an experience as she could remember. His right hand dug its way into her hair, and her own mirrored his every muscle spasm by gripping his hip tightly, trying to drag him further into her mouth. The angle that they were at wasn’t conducive to her taking him wholly in her mouth, and it made he growl as she struggled to readjust herself to take him in his entirety. She grew wetter all the while, spurred on by the soft grunts and gasps that mingled with the wet sliding of her mouth over his prick. How long had she wanted to do this? They’d been friends for years, introduced by a mutual acquaintance who knew of Rey’s affinity for putting mouthy dicks in their place and Kylo’s love for strong women, but though they’d flirted nothing had ever come of it. Wrong place, wrong time, it had seemed, and she’d have been a complete idiot if she’d ever thought there would be nothing between them. Certainly, she’d anticipated something of this nature happening when he’d suggested that they take a road trip together, but her quick actions were surprising even her. His hips canted upwards, and she whined as he fucked her throat as best he could. She was too caught up in the moment to even hear the clicking of his turn signal, or to realize that he was drifting further off to the right than the highway would’ve allowed. She only pulled her mouth from his cock with a slick pop when she felt the car beginning to slow down. Kylo groaned at the release as Rey grinned and stared at him. “A rest stop?” “If you’re going to keep teasing me like this then we’re going to be a little more comfortable, at the very least.” Rey’s fingers were already on the hem of her shirt, tugging it up and off of her shoulders, by the time he came to stop in a secluded spot almost completely covered by the foliage. It was off the paved road, away from where they were supposed to have parked, but she couldn’t give a damn. The fabric hit the back seat with a soft sound and Kylo, who’d thrown the car into park, groaned to see she’d forgone a bra. His enormous hands covered her breasts with ease as Rey worked to slide her leggings down and off at least one leg, her panties moving with the fabric. Those same hands shifted down, holding her hips tightly and lifting her up and off her seat so that she was facing out the window the same as him, with his cock jutting just between her newly uncovered thighs. She whimpered, wanting to feel him inside her, and rocked her hips against him, her cunt already so slick he’d have been able to fill her with ease. “I don’t have a condom,” Kylo growled in her ear, his hands tightening on her hips. “I’m on the pill. I’m clean.” She looked back at him, watching as his pupils dilated. “So’m I.” “So what’re you waiting for? An invitation?” She smirked, her hand wrapping around the base of his cock and squeezing until he groaned. “Thought I already gave you one soon as I put my lips on you.” The seat hardly had enough room for Kylo’s, and for a moment, as Rey was lifted up and situated just over his cock, she didn’t see how this was going to work. Better to just open the door and give themselves more space--. All such thoughts raced from her mind as soon as Kylo brought her down, slowly, his hips shifting upwards as he hilted himself in her with a low growl. She went rigid, pleasure spiking through her veins, her eyes fluttering closed, as he seated himself fully inside her. Fuck, but he felt perfect. He was thick enough to reach all those places her toys and fingers couldn’t, so long she marveled at how he even fit inside her, and when he rocked his hips upwards she had to reach backwards to grip the side console and the door ledge to steady herself and keep from being unseated. Saying nothing, of course, of how easily he lifted her up and off his cock, before sliding her back down onto it. Her body screamed, her mind went blank, and she very nearly missed his head as she threw her own back and let loose a guttural moan. Star systems and sunspots burned bright beneath her closed eyes, and she whimpered as he took the lead, his hips jerking upwards to meet her on every downward motion. She forced herself to look back at him, to memorize the strain that furrowed his brow and made his lips part in concentration, to watch the way his muscles bulged as he raised and lowered her onto his lap. It was more erotic than any wet dream she’d ever had of him (and trust her, there had been a good many), and it wasn’t going to take her long to climax if he kept it up. “Kylo,” she gasped. “F-fuck. Gonna--just a bit more.” He leaned in, biting his way down her throat, slicking his tongue along the taut muscles of her throat. “Come for me then, Rey. Wanted to feel you tighten around me for so fucking long, baby. C’mon. Lemme feel you milk me dry.” She whimpered, heart stuttering as her body tensed and her right hand abandoned her post to slide between her legs and massage her clit. She was already so slick from having blown him, then from how good he’d felt, that it took little more than a half minute for her orgasm to rip through her. She refused to let herself scream, and instead let loose a low, broken whimper that spiraled out of her from the very tips of her curled toes. He followed shortly after, and the slap of his skin as he buried himself inside her reverberating in her bones, ready to be played back any time she felt remotely horny. His cock pulsed within her, and he was so damn thick that she could feel it as he filled her up. She’d have bruises on her hips in the next couple hours, but as she turned around to kiss him--and wasn’t that some sort of fucked up, bassackwards, reaction?--she couldn’t feel anything other than elation. When they pulled away, lips swollen, hair sticking to their sweaty foreheads, she bit his bottom lip and relished how he groaned. “So,” she panted. “We’re going to revisit this soon as we find a hotel. Right? Because fuck, I’ve got so much more I want to do to you than just ride you.” Chapter 5 : Edging/Pegging - Reylo, Star Wars AU Notes: dedicated to Mneme, who desired a little more pegging in this ship. So, darling, I hope you enjoy <3 This chapter contains: (obviously) pegging, an established relationship between Kylo and Rey, dirty talk, edging. This carries on after the very first chapter of this ficlet collection. Hope you enjoy! Rey has no idea why she’s even bothered being surprised, really. Kylo Ren has come to her with many a request in the past, and her curiosity is a starving beast eager to be fed. She alone knows what he sounds like when she’s two fingers deep inside of him with her hand wrapped around his cock, how he burns bright when he’s struggling to catch his breath as she rides his mouth like her personal transporter. She knows now, as he keens and his back arches, what he looks like split upon the phallus between her legs. It’s a massive toy, one she’s picked out for herself but decides she likes better inside of him. The thick, red member spreads his cheeks wide, and she spreads him further with her hands on his backside, massaging the muscles that tense up as she cants her hips forwards. The rim of muscle nearly matches the color of the toy between his cheeks, but the wailing and whimpers that come from his lips tell a different story, one that promises that he enjoys it. She grins, the look splitting her face as she reaches forward and wraps a hand around his cock to jerk him off a couple times. “Feeling good, Kylo?” she murmurs, lips tracing the curve of his spine as she speaks against his skin. He hums and she feels it like static against her skin, feels it ripple in her gut as it helps fuel her own arousal. She pulls out, the movement slow, and she stares between them as she removes the thick toy, then slides it back in, loving to feel him shudder as each inch splits him in two. “Tell me. Feeling good?” “So . . . so good,” he gasps, leaning down to bite the pillow bunched between his enormous arms. His body is so damn tense she wonders how long it’ll take him to come as soon as she lets him. She doesn’t want to let him, not yet. She wants to savor the sensation of his body taut beneath him, how he vibrates and trembles beneath her, how he vibrates with every thrust forward until she’s holding him at the edge. She knows when she hits that perfect spot within him because he shouts and rips through the pillow. It would’ve been amusing, the feathers flying between them and sticking to the sweat on his chest, if she wasn’t so in love with how he looks on the edge of orgasm. He turns his head back to stare at her, ears and cheeks blood red, eyes bright and glazed as he begs her with his eyes. “You wanna come, pretty boy?” Rey asks, mouth dry and her own climax coming too quickly. She’s been rubbing her clit against the leather of her harness to her, but she won’t come until he does. Won’t come until she allows him to. She tilts her hips upwards and grins as the head of her cock brushes against her prostate. He’s on the edge of shattering, his body vibrating with need, desire, with unadulterated lust and sensation, but she’s going to hold him there as long as he can stand. When she thrusts, and withdraws, and thrusts again, she can’t force him to hold on anymore. Tears have already welled in his eyes, and with a murmur she kisses the base of his spine and says: “come for me.” His voice is little more than a hoarse roar as he spurts onto the bedsheets. He pushes back against the cock still thick and hard in his ass, fucking himself on her cock until he goes boneless and collapses. She comes from feeling his orgasm rip through their bond, and though it’s not the most satisfying climax she’s experienced it’s worth it to see him smiling sleepily up at her. She pulls out of him with a low, slow groan, and watches as his body struggles to adjust to the lack of her filling his ass. With a murmur he slips onto his side and watches her recline on her haunches. “You’re amazing,” he murmurs. “Says the man who had the great idea to do this,” Rey’s own smile is easy, and she crawls closer to kiss him. “Still saying it’s the Force that wanted you to fuck yourself on my cock?” He shivers. “Yep. It’s saying I should do it again sometime soon.”