ONE Mara Jade sat cross legged and meditating on the mission she was about to embark on. The dark room swallowed her form with an eerie glow that emanated from the red lighting, on the floor, as she mulled over on how to execute the mission. She was already stressed from trying and failing to kill Luke Skywalker. You will kill Luke Skywalker. The Emperors chilling voice echoed in her mind over and over again like a piercing cadence that wouldn’t let her sleep until the mission was complete. Pushing that aside, Mara focused on the intelligence that rebel forces had a secret underground bunker that might hold some of their command and an abundance of Intel they were hanging on to. She was instructed to go with a squad of Storm Troopers and penetrate their defenses so that Darth Vader could come in and destroy the bunker with an Imperial Battalion, at his command. This reconnaissance mission would be dangerous, but Mara felt she had to do it in order to make up for her short comings. You will kill Luke Skywalker. “I will, Master. I will.” Mara Jade stood up and made her way to her ship. ***** Mara’s deep auburn hair was tied back tightly in order to tuck it in under her helmet. Her stealth ship was at the helm of her squad, soaring to their destination while trying to keep any advanced radar off of them. Vader had an ETA of being ten minutes behind them, so their attack had to be quick and unexpected. They flew in formation as they came out of light speed and swiftly got to work on the unsuspecting rebels. They took out their guard ships with ease and landed as fast as they could on the moon’s surface. Mara Jade could feel the confusion in the air as her squad went in and took out some of the soldiers, penetrating their defenses completely. It was exactly what Mara had hoped to happen. Closing her eyes, she reached out to Darth Vader, “ They are ill equipped for any type of attack from us. Waiting for your next command.” Darth Vader’s force signature pressed on her mind, “ You have done well, Mara. The Emperor will be pleased .” A swell of pride filled her as she watched Vader’s Imperial Shuttle touchdown with multiple trooper transports. What happened next is now all in a haze. Mara Jade remembers storming in at Vader’s side, cutting down their foes as they prepared to destroy the bunker. Then an explosion rang out on her right side, knocking her over, and burying her in rubble. There was the image of Darth Vader using the force to dig her out, storm troopers and rebel forces shooting at each other, and then everything cutting to blackness… **** Present Day General Hux pinched the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes, after reading what felt like the millionth report to grace his desk. He didn’t think he could read another line after the long day that he just had, but the familiar sound of Captain Phasma’s footsteps began to echo outside of his door and Hux straightened himself out in order to receive the Intel she was bringing. Captain Phasma was about to hail him through the intercom at the door, but General Hux beat her to the punch, “Come in, Captain.” The door slid open and the chrome clad Captain stepped in, “Sir, I have a new report from the archive research team.” Taking a deep breath, Hux leaned back in his chair, “Can it wait till the morning, Captain?” Phasma inclined her head, “They have found traces of another secret facility that was run by the Empire. This one might have DNA from Emperor Palpatine.” At this news, General Hux sat up in shock, “Was it a cloning facility?” “That is one of the theories, sir. The archive research team thinks that maybe the Emperor wanted to clone himself in case of an untimely death.” Captain Phasma handed over the data pad and General Hux immediately looked it over. The information was fragmented at best, but one item caught his attention immediately. It was a file labeled Emperors Hand, but there was nothing in it, “Is this encrypted?” “As far as we can tell, it was at one point, but there’s nothing in there now.” Captain Phasma continued, “We think the information was lost with the second Death Star explosion.” General Hux nodded, “So there might be a physical hand or DNA from the Emperor Palpatine’s hand there?” “It would seem so, sir.” Phasma confirmed. General Hux handed the data pad back to Captain Phasma, “Ready a team and go research this. I shall inform the Supreme Leader of our initial findings. Thank you for bringing this to my attention immediately, Captain.” Captain Phasma saluted before heading out of the door to gather her team. ***** Kylo Ren flexed his gloved hands in anticipation as his shuttle slowly landed on the icy moon’s surface below him. He was grateful that his Master interrupted his training for this mission. Apparently their archive research team found something top secret from the fragmented Imperial files and Snoke wanted him to investigate with Captain Phasma. The possibility of DNA from Emperor Palpatine gave him hope that maybe there was DNA of Lord Vader himself. He felt excited at the thought of bringing back his grandfather; Darth Vader. However, would he be himself or would the clone just have memories and not the personality of the infamous Sith Lord. Still, it would be nice to add to his collection of Imperial relics anything of his grandfathers. The ramp opened up and Kylo Ren walked with purpose out of his shuttle, catching up to Captain Phasma. “Sir, a preliminary scanner shows a hidden facility under the surface.” “Lead the way, Captain.” Kylo Ren’s disguised voice always sent chills down the spines of storm troopers. It didn’t surprise Kylo that the Empire would pick such a remote place in the unknown regions of the galaxy, but he was getting tired of all the cold and snowy places that they have had to comb through for answers. The research team had seen fragments that unofficially talk about this hidden facility, but this is the first time they were able to finally dig out definitive evidence that it was real and the words Emperor’s Hand has fueled many theories and questions. Kylo vowed he would discover the answers. Some charges were set before blasting a hole that would allow them access to the unknown facility. As Kylo stepped through, he was shocked to see burnt skeletal remains and the entire corridor looked as if it had been on fire at one point. The area smelled of death. One of the senior archeologists cleared his throat, “Right. Shall we press forward, Commander?” Kylo gave a short nod and they walked deeper into the facility, stepping over debris and remains. Eventually they came across a badly scarred terminal, but the indicator light was still blinking. “There’s still power running through the facility. That’s a good sign.” The archeologist plugged in his data pad to break through the encryption. It didn’t take long as one of the many Imperial codes, they had collected over the years, unlocked it. The last communication log appeared on the screen. Lt. Whitaker: This is Lieutenant Whitaker trying to reach Grand Admiral Thrawn. Can anybody hear me?? *static* Lt. Whitaker: Dammit! Switch to the emergency frequency, now. *clicks and switches can be heard in the background* Lt. Whitaker: This is Lieutenant Whitaker trying to reach Grand Admiral Thrawn. Can anybody hear me?? *an image appears on the screen* Grand Adm. Thrawn: Is there a reason you are not using the encrypted line, Lieutenant? Lt. Whitaker: Sir, something strange has happened. The Clones…. they staged a coup! Grand Adm. Thrawn: Get it under control, Lieutenant. Is Sector 8 secure? Lt. Whitaker: Yes, sir. The Clones do not have access there. Grand Adm. Thrawn: Good. Then eliminate the problem. Once you have completed that, I expect your resignation for being stupid enough to hail me outside of the encrypted line, Lieutenant. *pause* Lt. Whitaker: Yes, sir. The screen went blank and Kylo looked back at the burnt corridor, “Now we know who these corpses were. It seems that once this Lieutenant sealed up the facility, nobody came back. Not even this Grand Admiral Thrawn.” There was a ping sound that came from the terminal, they were at. The archeologist unplugged his data pad, “I’ve located Sector 8. That must be where the Emperor’s Hand is.” The team made their way deep within the facility until they reached a red blast door. Bright yellow paint spelled out SECTOR 8 across the oval door and the entry pad had thick dust covering it. Looking it over, Kylo realized it was voice activated; there was no way they could get through that way. Igniting his light saber, Kylo plunged his plasma blade deep into the blast door metal. Slowly he sliced through the thick durasteel as he melted the mechanics keeping him from his prize. There was a hiss and the blast door finally opened after some of it melted off. Kylo was surprised to see a functioning droid rolling around inside tending to the place. It beeped a few times, acknowledging their presence before rolling to a frozen container in the middle of the room. Immediately, Kylo walked to it and recognized it was an older style of a bacta tank. “This is definitely keeping something or someone alive. It could be our Emperor’s Hand.” The team went to work studying the frozen bacta tank as well as the rest of the room. It was a gold mine of classified information that the archive team, back on base, would love to hand their hands on. After half an hour, Kylo found a container with a light saber in it. He felt beads of sweat wash over him. He could feel it didn’t belong to Vader, but Darth Vader had touched it. Kylo closed his eyes and the image of a woman with fierce green eyes and hair red like blood flashed before him. He was glad to have his mask on so that the others could not see the surprise that etched across his features. Who was she? “Sir, our medic believes we can safely move this artifact back with us.” Captain Phasma interrupted his thoughts. Kylo kept his back to the Captain as he pocketed the light saber, “Very well, Captain.” ***** Darkness surrounded Mara as she seemed to float in a black sea. Her head was barely above the still water and she could hear herself breathing. Yet she couldn’t move and that frightened her. The sensation of not having control over her body was foreign and she reached out, with her mind, trying to find the Emperor: she was met with silence. Frustrated, Mara tried to call out to the Force and will herself to move, to stand up, to do anything, but it was no use. So she continued to float in this empty, dark abyss. She kept replaying the last thing she remembered in her mind. There was an explosion, some pain, and the image of Vader moving debris off of her. Mara decided she wanted to scream and filled her lungs with the stale air that permeated the atmosphere around her. She pushed with all of her might, but no sound left her. She closed her eyes again trying to find her Emperor and was met with the same silence. He had truly abandoned her and left her for dead. She became angry at that thought and felt sick at the thought of him turning his back on her. No, there has to be an explanation; her Master would not betray her in such a way. She tried reaching out with her mind to anyone who could hear her. There seemed to be an invisible wall blocking her, but she pushed harder trying to shatter this obstacle. Some pain started coursing through her mind at this, but she felt a slight brush of another Force user beyond her reach. Her heart began to pound as she tried to reach whoever it was. Finally, the person Mara was trying to reach acknowledged that she was pushing on the outer confines of his mind, but the connection briefly ended from Mara being exhausted from the attempt and she found herself closing her eyes; her mind once again shutting down to let her rest. ***** It was strange for General Hux and Kylo Ren to see their Supreme Leader Snoke in the flesh and not through some projected image that was larger than the room itself. He had flown in to personally inspect what they had retrieved. Snoke smirked when he placed his hand on the tank, “Do you know what this is?” Kylo’s hand twitched in anticipation and Hux honestly had no idea. The two remained silent and Snoke took their silence for a no. He greedily ran his hand up and down the tank, “It is a weapon like no other. You see, Emperor Palpatine was very wise in how he protected himself, his assets, and the Empire itself. This is a surviving member of the Emperor’s Hand.” General Hux was confused, “So it is not a physical hand of the Emperor himself?” Snoke chuckled, “No General, it is not. It is something entirely better. Palpatine had many apprentices under him, not just Darth Vader. Now, Darth Vader was his first in command and his most powerful apprentice, but he had others with different talents that could be used under Vader as well. His most successful Hand was none other than Mara Jade and that’s who I believe is in here.” “How is that possible, Master?” Kylo never dared question his Master outright, but he couldn’t help but feel disappointed at their find. “Do not be disappointed, my Apprentice. You may find her to be a vault of wealth concerning your late grandfather.” Snoke paused before continuing, “The official report of Mara Jade’s whereabouts remains inconclusive because of an incident that happened on a secret rebel hide out. Many presumed she was killed, but I believe the Emperor was preserving her until she was strong enough again. Unfortunately, with the second Death Star being destroyed with him on it, she was practically forgotten about.” Kylo was about to say something when he felt the faintest touch against his mind. It didn’t belong to Snoke because this touch was gentle, but demanding to be heard. As soon as it happened it was gone and he saw Snoke smirk, “She is strong and needs to be released.” He reached for the panel and put in some codes before stepping back. There was a snap hiss before the front of the tank popped open at its hinge. Some cold air rushed out and the men watched as this dark liquid came flooding out onto the floor, around their feet. There was a dull blue glow emanating from around a thick, clear plastic sheet that housed its occupant. Another click sound was heard and the plastic sheet was pulled down the full length of the tank, folding into its compartment, and revealing a sleeping woman, soaking wet, with her red hair splayed across her face and down her neck. Snoke closed his eyes and moved his hands in the direction of the tank, “Awake, Mara Jade.” For a moment there was nothing, but then her body began to convulse and the same dark liquid came flowing out of her mouth as she coughed. Mara opened her eyes as she took deep breathes, trying to orient herself. General Hux came to her aid as he couldn’t stand to see her in a state of distress anymore, “It’s alright, miss. You’re safe.” He regretted it as he found himself flung up into the air before landing ungracefully on his backside. Mara stepped out of the tank with fury flashed across her face. Her chest rose and fell rapidly from her erratic breathing. Her wet undershirt and spandex shorts clung to her figure with every step she took as she assessed her surroundings. Mara’s eyes fell onto Snoke’s figure and her face changed to confusion, “Who the hell are you?”