Poe pulls his jacket tighter around himself as the biting wind swirls around him, the leather creaking as its stretched. He cuts a lonely figure as he wanders the streets but he’s far from being alone. His breath is visible as he breathes out, clouds of air that disappear almost as fast as they appeared. There’s a coffee stand that he almost passes without a second glance but the smell lures him in and he can't help himself. He orders a double-shot Americano, savouring the warmth of the cup in his hands when the barista hands it over. He takes it with thanks, paying before he gulps down the hot liquid, ignoring how it scalds his tongue. He keeps walking. The streets are quiet, the clicking of his boots on the pavement loud in contrast. The sun’s about to start setting; the sky a gorgeous mix of orange and blue despite how cold it is. He loves the sky and its endless possibilities. He knows they do too. He takes another gulp of coffee; feels the warmth move through him. He smiles at a passerby and feels that warmth grow stronger when the smile’s returned. It gives him hope. For what, he doesn't know but he knows that it's something that he doesn't want to lose; doesn't want to lose the light that accompanies it. He sees them in their spot, perched atop the wall wedged between two buildings overlooking downtown. They turn at his approach. Finn smiles, Rey smirks. “Took you long enough” she teases but it lacks any bite. They extend their hands to him and help him up onto the wall. Difficult to do while he still grips his coffee but they manage it. Once he's settled on the wall, he hands the coffee to Rey without a word and she takes it with a murmured thanks. He swings an arm over Finn’s shoulder, pulls him closer to his side, drinking in the almost overwhelming sense of right he’s feeling. A pair of boots settle on his left leg and he looks over to see Rey with her back against the wall of the building beside their perch, legs outstretched to where they end on Poe’s thigh. She's not looking at him as she cradles the coffee in her hands and looks out over the vast sprawl of downtown. On his other side Finn has his arms out behind him, leaning back on his hands and his legs swinging out over the edge as Poe’s arm rests across his shoulders. Poe turns his face to the sky, watches as the colours dull and the sun continues setting and he thinks of his friends and the love he feels for them. He thinks about hope. “It's so beautiful” Rey breathes out and they watch her fondly as she smiles. It's small but there's so much wonder in her eyes as she watches the way the light hits the city below them. No matter how many times they meet here to watch the sunset, her reaction never changes. “It's definitely something” Finn says, a similar expression on his face. Just like Rey, he never takes sights like this for granted. Rey and Finn look at each other and there's just so much there. They smile and there's a million stars shining in their eyes and it's the most beautiful sight Poe's ever seen. “I wonder what it's like up there” Rey says, turning her eyes to the sky. “What do you think it's like up there?” Finn asks, following suit and watching the sky too. Rey doesn't answer immediately, mulling the question over. When she does answer it's with a wistfulness so palpable that it clenches Poe's heart a little. “Limitless” Rey says, “free.” They all imagine it. Nothing holding them back, nothing keeping them locked in one place. Oh the sights they would see; the things they could achieve with that type of freedom. “One day” Poe says, “one day we'll be up there and we’ll know exactly how that feels.” Again, Poe thinks of hope and as they watch the sun fade he finally, truly, knows that's something that he’ll never lose. Notes: I just really love my space children. Please let me know what you thought. I hope you enjoyed it!