Morality “I am saving myself for marriage.” A quick shut down that should allow you some time to run away from the lounging Commander on his bed. Why did he have be naked (thank the Maker a sheet is covering his lower half)? You only came in his room to get back Millicent, who conveniently is sleeping next to him. “We can get married now.” He said so calmly like it wasn’t a big deal. “What?! No, that’s not how it works, sir!” The hell! Did he not understand there are steps that have to be made in order to get married? Like maybe getting to know each other first! “I’m sure Hux wouldn’t mind playing the part of the priest to sanctify our marriage.” “Sir, with all due respect I do not believe you would make a good husband.” You really just want to leave now. “I would give you a wonderful honeymoon. Probably have it on Naboo.” “Honeymoons only last but so long, sir.” You sigh in exasperation, “I will not marry you just because you want to have sex.” “Living by such a dull moral compass-” “Commander, I just came here of the cat not your cock.” With that you grabbed Millicent holding her in your arms safely. “Good day, sir.” You were out of that room in no time. You wonder if the only reason the Commander spoke to you is because of your rank. Technician, a lowly technician that if killed will not be missed. Maybe after he was done with you he might have killed you? You wonder if he has virgin kink. You were pulled from your thoughts when heavy steps came towards you, naturally you thought those were stormtrooper steps and readied your wrench in case one tries to act stupid… Instead it was the Commander. You moved to stand up but he told you to keep working as he talked. “You really are sticking to your morality.” You knew he is mocking you. Even with the mask on you can hear he mocking tone. “Yes, sir, I plan to save myself until marriage.” “What is the point if there a chance you make never get married,” He watched as you fiddled with the control panel, “Die a virgin or your partner decides to–” “I get it, sir!” You snapped off at him as you finally got the panel to open, “I mean I understand, sir, all possible things that could happen.” You quickly changed your tone. The Commander standing besides you didn’t say a word for a solid minute, watching you rewire some circuits. “You work for monsters,” You stopped an looked up at him. “Murderers in fact and yet you have some semblance of a moral compass. Odd.” He walked away only after ruffling your hair like you were some animal. You scowled at him, seeing him walk down the hall until he was out of your visual range. ‘Screw him.’ Is what you thought as you went back to work. Once work was finish you were happy to go your bunk and crash without dinner, but sleep didn’t come easy to you. No, your thoughts kept wondering to the Commander’s words. He was right in some way… You were working for the “bad guys” sort of speak– You never thought as the First Order as the bad guys, yes they have done so questionable things but this is war! One life for the many. You toss around in your cot and grumbled. You sighed feeling conflicted slightly. Why did his words make you question yourself let alone what and who you work for. I am no traitor! You told yourself. You are not a traitor and you will not let his words make you question your moral code. “Permission to speak freely, sir.” You looked up at him. “Permission granted, technician.” He sounded curious about you have to say for yourself even though he could just invade your mind to see, he rather hear you say it. You took a deep breath before going off. “Sir, I am no traitor. I may work for by some other people’s standards for the “bad guys”,“ you made air quotes with your hands, “But I am fine working on this ship, with the First Order, and yeah I will keep having my moral compass, sir.” You stood your ground, looking straight into his visor. You shifted a little nervous as he continued to look at you. “Sir?” He moved pass you walking away from the scene. You let out a breath not even realizing you were holding one in. You expected to get choked or strike down by the Commander but nothing happened. May he might leave you alone? Chapter 2 : Types Notes: This is just a self indulgence fanfic tbh "I think she's getting worst," You say while petting the orange cat named Millicent. The small cat purred under your touch rolling over onto her back so you could pet her stomach too. You smiled gladly petting her their and calling her sweet little pet names. Hux didn't move nor watch you play with his cat. Too many reports most repair bills from Kylo's tantrums. "Sir?" He eyes glanced over to you, your face looking concern over his cat. "I can not give her my time at the moment, technician." You sigh silently at his response. You pity Millicent a little bit, her own owner wouldn't give her the time nor day and have to rely on you to give her attention. "Why do you keep her then....?" You said under your breath picking up the cat and holding her in your arms. A soft click and light tap on the desk, "She is important that is why I keep her, technician (L/N)." Hux replied making you spit out an apology quickly. You looked up from the spot on the floor at him. He looked tired, hair neat as usual but uniform jacket unzip midway revealing his undershirt, he slouch against his chair instead of sitting up straight with his eyes closed. It was like he trusted you to him in such vulnerable state. You stood up with Millicent in your arms. He eyes opened half way when you placed his cat on his unoccupied lap, "It seems you need her right now, sir." Millicent made it her business to curl up on the General's lap. "Hm, it appears so." He pet the cat's fur lazily. This made you smile showing some teeth, "Goodnight, sir." "Night, technician." You enjoyed the General's company or rather being General's company for the evening even if it was just to a cat mate for Millicent. You also enjoyed walking on the nearly empty halls of the Finalizer, listening to the soft hums of the ship. It was relaxing. "You like older men." Until he appeared to ruin it. You didn't have wear your fleet technician helmet during after hours so the Commander can see the frown on your face. "Redheads especially." Your eyes widened slightly. You opened your mouth to say something but opted to bit your cheek and look away with a blush on your face. "Sir, I would like to enter my quarters." You stated. "In just a minute, fleet technician." He step closer, his hand coming up hovering over your face. You have heard the rumors of his ability to read people's minds, how he holding a hand out to take what he wants from them. You immediately put your mental walls up, a skill all First Order members learn in the academy. "What are you hiding?" His hand closer to your face. You squirmed under the intense force of his power. "Sir-- Stop it!" He pushed further then pulled away quickly, his hand back at his side. "Tall or short men." He started, "Mitaka is ideal but Hux is preferred." He chuckled, "For a virgin you are certainly selective and sure of what you want." You weren't able to respond instead you pushed pass him to get into your room quickly. He didn't grab you or use the Force to stop you. His body moved as his head followed your panic form. He made no move to follow you which you guess is be got what he wanted from you. Well part of it. You punched in the code to enter you small quarters quickly before you broke down on the floor. You felt violated in some way, like as if he took something away from you. You threw your helmet across the room making it hit the wall once you entered the room, door closing behind you and locking itself. You couldn't file a report on him. He is the Commander and he technically didn't sexually assault you but it still hurt. You curled up into a ball as you cried. All he did was take stupid information about your sexual preference! But why does it feel like it was more than that! You cried on your cot until you fell asleep. Chapter 3 : Kylo You Thirsty Lil Shit Notes: Hux is done with Kylo once again Since that evening an odd thing start to happen.. About a good three days, you were having lewd dreams. You never had dreams like this before, yes you have read varies romance novel. Blame the young female officers for that. You didn't enjoy these dreams. Sex scared you, the fear of being put in such a vulnerable position scared you. The dreams depicted that fear resulting in you always waking up in a cold sweat. The dreams slowly started to get slightly better after two more nights, the partner was gentle trying to relax you in every way. Once the dream gave the man a voice, an odd mixture of General Hux and Commander Ren's voice. Body type also mixed as well. As good as the dreams are you wanted them to stop. You did not like thinking such perverted thoughts especially during work. You didn't allow the dreams to effect your work but you did ask for a transfer. Hux rejected the request. No surprise really because you take care of cat when he can't. "Fleet Technician (L/N)," You turned around to see the Lieutenant Mitaka standing with a holopad in his hands, "General Hux will like to see you in his office immediately after the TIE fighter routine check." "Yes, sir." You stood at attention. He gave a small nod before turning around and leaving. Walking to his office after the routine check made your mind race with possible reasons why the General had the Lieutenant personal order you to see him. Had Millicent gotten worse? Was it about the transfer request, was he offended? By the time you were at his door you thought about acting like you were sick and had to go to med bay. Before you could act a upon the thought, the door slid open revealing the General standing behind his desk. "Come in, technician." He sounded angry. You walked in quickly almost jumping out of your own skin when the door slammed shut behind you. "Take at sit technician you are going to need it." He walked in front of the desk folding his arms against chest. You had seen Hux angry before but this wasn't the type of anger that made his face red, no this was the cool calm anger. You took a seat, "Sir--" "It has come to my attention that Commander Ren has become fond of you." You tensed you becoming thankful for your helmet covering your face. "Is this true, technician?" "Yes..No, sir." You replied. "Which is it?" "Sir, I don't think the Commander is fond of me. He has spoken to me but nothing to cause such--" He raised a hand signaling for you to stop talking. "Remove your mask." He ordered. You raised your hand up to your helmet lifting it off your head and resting the helmet on your lap. "Look me in the eyes and lie to me again, Fleet Technician." You coward in the chair, head down eyes on your helmet, "General, sir, I-I don't know if he is fond of me." "Guess intruding into your mind won't give you have impression." "You--!" "I know everything that happens on my ship, (L/N)." He said, "Ren had also made it his point to have tried to transfer you under his command. I rejected it and had that he will not interact with you any longer." You sighed in relief. "But it seems he has not complied." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Arrogant fool." He shook his head as he put his hand down. You looked confused, "Sir, I don't understand." "I will let Ren confess his stupidity." The door to the office open pulling your attention away from Hux. "So glad you could join us, Ren." The tall darkly dressed man stood besides your seat making look forward at Hux. "Care to explain why you are here?" You didn't realize how nervous you were until Hux ordered you to stop shaking. Ren from you could guess was amuse by this from the way he stared at you through his mask. "I have been project my thoughts to your fleet technician." "And why is that?" "Don't question me like a child, Hux." "My apologies but last I checked you certain like one." The bickering continued above you between the two men. Kylo even step up to Hux, and Hux did the same to Kylo. "You dared sexually assault a member of my crew." "I only watched her dreams." "Which you cause!" Hux snapped. "If she wants them to stop all she has to do is say so." Ren looked over at you, "Would you like them to stop, (Name)?" "Of course she does you fool!" "Let her answer, General ." Hux snarled at the other man in charge. "I-I would like them to stop, s-sir." You wish you were just in your room cuddling Millicent now. "Consider it done, technician." Chapter 4 : Matt the Radar Technician Notes: So self indulgent The dreams stopped just like the Commamder promise. Hux made sure to that the Commamder did not come near you under any circumstances. Basically the Commamder has a retraining order on him signed off by Hux. You were happy about this yet worried too. Since when has ever the Commamder listen to the General? During your times taking care of Millicent, Hux would relax and once or twice drank with you in his room. Once he drew accustomed to your company. Drunk Hux was talker contently complaining about the crew. Once spoke about you but it was about that time you bent over a console to grab Millicent, he liked your butt. You would have taken it as a compliment if he wasn't drunk. He apologized for that kind of "disrespectful" talk but you told him you liked his butt too just to make him feel better. He didn't reply to that nor ever spoke it again. But you swear you think he blushed a little. You had be called in early to look over a new technician that just arrived. Unlike the rest of the crew you are a very patience person and willing to over something more than once. This is probably why you are Fleet Technician and not just Technician. Matt was the guy's name from what you were told before going meet him at the lower part of ship were all technicians worked on the radar and consoles backup computer. You made your way down and sent the new radar technician to meet you in the technician training room. Hey, if stormtroopers can have a training room then so can technicians! "Hello, I'm--" You looked up from your datapad up at the tall blonde with huge glasses on. You froze right there, "Holy Marker! He's cute!" Once again good thing you are wearing a helmet or else he could have seen the blush on your face. Stars, you are such a dork blushing like a virgin! "Uh.. I'm (Name)." You forced out. He nodded, "Hi, I'm Matt the radar technician." Oh Stars, he's a dork too! Who says 'hi I'm whatever name the radar technician'?! "So Matt, today I will be evaluating your work capably." "Why?" You don't mind being asked questions but the technician needed to add 'sir' or 'ma'am' at the end of his statements or inquiries towards you. You are a higher ranking technician to him. "Rephrase that question, radar technician." "Why, ma'am?" That sounded so forced. You wonder if it because you are a woman above his rank. "General Hux only wants the best of the best to work on the Finalizer, radar technician." He nodded at your answer. "Now let's get started." . . . . "By the Maker," You clicked the stop watch, "No one has ever... I myself. Wow." You looked at time on the screen of the stop watch, just two seconds over a minute. "Impressive, radar technician," You walked over to him as he got up and wiped his forehead with the arm on his overalls. "Very impressive." He gleamed at the praise you gave him. "Welcome abroad, Matt the radar technician." You shook his hand. "Your workday beings tomorrow 800 hours sharp." You had him a datapad listing his schedule. "Good luck." You gave him a nod since he couldn't see you smile under your helmet. Notes: This is a really short fic to help me write my dmc fanfic. Bless my friend for this fanfic xD follow me @knights-of-rae on tumblr