When Rey enters the General’s quarters, the cool recycled air smells different. He is reclining in the chair he often smokes in before the viewport, a haze of red smoke lingering about him. When she moves so the table is within view, she can see it’s not his usual tobacco in the bowl, but a clear pouch of a dry red-brown leaves. He glances up and catches her eye, catches the way she’s trying not to stare. The hint of a smile unfurls on his lips and he answers her unspoken question. The girl is insatiably curious. “Refined ryll. Same effect as Corellian brandy at half the cost.” She sniffs the strong sweet vanilla fragrance in the air and can almost taste it on her tongue. “Smells good.” she says softly. “Want to try it?’ he murmurs, eyes flicking down to her mouth. He doesn’t wait for an answer before saying “ Come here,” firm, authoritative, and she only fights with herself for a second before shifting closer to sit on his offered knee. He leans close, head nearly on her shoulder as he wraps his arm around her and brings the roll to her lips. Her hand comes up, fingers settling lightly upon his gloved ones. She takes a long drag on the roll, trying to emulate the smooth pulls she sees Hux do, but she’s never smoked before and the sharp burn of smoke hits her lungs unexpectedly. Hux moves the roll out of her way as she coughs violently, her hand covering her mouth. It feels like her lungs have clamped shut as her eyes water and she draws in a stuttering breath. Hux watches her with cool amusement, waiting for her to recover. “Like this.” He takes a long, silent hit of the roll and curls a strong hand around the back of her neck, dragging her forward to slot their mouths together, sudden and purposeful. There’s smoke under his tongue, restless and hot, and he breathes it to the back of her throat, feeding her. She swallows a shuddering gasp, swallows smoke, swallows the taste of his tongue, like vanilla and spice and something darker, something she can’t pinpoint, confident and sharp. He pulls away, hand dropping to her knee. His lips are full and bruised-looking against the red-grey of his hazy exhale. She chases after him, reaching out for the collar of his uniform to drag him in again, but he slides through her fingers like a shadow. He tilts his head back to look at her, lashes thick and eyes half-closed, making an appraising sound. “Hold it in.” She doesn’t know why, but she shuts her mouth. The smoke sits steady on her tongue, warms her lungs. “Don’t let it out until I give you permission.” He says, and his voice is easy, gentle, like he hasn’t just told her to stop breathing. It’s not a question, this time. He’s not asking, he’s ordering. She nods, any protest she might voice caught in her throat at the way he is watching her. His eyes are green-blue and intense, pupils blown, and it makes her shivery and self-conscious. The smoke burns the back of her throat, but she keeps holding her breath, counting the seconds, slow and stumbling. She can feel the high rolling over her mind like creeping late afternoon shadows, but she keeps counting, keeps holding out. She wants to please him. She wants it so desperately, so hard, her bones ache with it. His gloved thumb is rubbing in slow, comforting circles against her knee, hands warm even through the leather. His skin looks so smooth. She wants to put her mouth on it, rough him up, get her fingers inside him and find out if there’s a thread she can pull to make him fall apart, but she doesn’t. She doesn’t. She doesn’t even breathe. Her heart pounds out a warning in her throat, and her ribs feel like they’re caving, but she pushes past it. She’s only gone thirty seconds; she wants to do better. Hux murmurs, “Just a little longer,” hand sliding up her thigh, and she nods again. Thirty-four. Thirty-five. There is lava in her bloodstream. She can’t breathe. She won’t breathe. Forty . Forty-one. Her entire body is fighting her, but the last thing she wants to do is disappoint him. Forty-four. Forty-five. Forty-nine and black stars dance across her vision. Fifty-three and her eyelashes are wet with tears and her chest hurts and everything is too warm and too tight and too much and she can’t decide what she wants more: for the slow, hungry ache in her belly to go away, or for this to drag on forever. Fifty-six and Hux says, “Breathe.” She doesn’t think she’s ever heard a more beautiful word. She gasps for air and the smoke that hadn’t dissipated curls out, and she pitches forward, resting her head on his shoulder while she learns to be alive again. He presses a hand to the top of her spine, fingers fitting perfectly into the notches between the vertebrae, and when she regains a little control, it’s only to hear him saying, gently, “Good girl.” She shivers at the praise, rocking forward until she’s practically in his lap, breathing warm against his neck. She doesn’t speak, but her fingers fist the pristine collar of his shirt, to make sure he can’t pull away again. He smiles, nuzzles into her hair, and says “ Good girl. I think you could go longer next time.” She thinks about going longer without air, longer under his command, and groans softly into the skin of his neck. She doesn’t know how much she’s allowed to do, how far she can push this, but she really wants to kiss him. She says “I....may I kiss you?” Hux says “You’ve earned it.” She sinks her teeth into his neck, the soft spot in front of his ear and under his jaw, feels his pulse jump under her tongue, and rocks into his lap, panting against his skin. Everything smells like leather and smoke and sex and she can feel the hard press of his response against her inner thigh. “That’s not kissing, Rey.” He murmurs, setting the roll aside in the ashtray and grabbing her hips to keep her still, but he doesn’t sound like he’s complaining, until— “Don’t move.” She freezes. “You really like it when I tell you what to do?” He wonders, eyes scanning her face. She shouldn’t. She really shouldn’t, not when her entire life had been spent with other people dictating her movement. It should infuriate her, but it doesn’t. She’s spent her life fighting, always fighting , and for once it is calming to be able to turn the decisions over to someone she trusts. She ducks her head so he won’t see the way she’s blushing, but of course he does. It’s his job to know everything that happens on his ship, and his eyes catch everything. He looks at her for a long moment, hands tight on her hips, and then his hand is cupping her head, gently pushing her down between his thighs and he says firmly, “I want your lips on my cock, don’t make a sound until I say so.” As it turns out, staying silent isn’t exactly hard when her mouth is full. Notes: This was inspired by Orange-lightsaber's Bad Choices and is my first (and possibly last?)attempt at Reyux.