Sassy little shit Notes: I'm at it! This is based mainly on the well-known Ben (Organa-)Solo AU. You are welcome to leave criticism! Prepare for some OC's and lots of weird pining moments! inspired by hicstreme0's fan art which i sadly couldn't find any more because...y'know they deleted everything after what happened. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) If Ben was honest, he was sometimes very full of himself. He was a fully trained Force-user. No Jedi mind you, he had left that monk-stuff behind that had his uncle obsessing over every little thing. He was a proud part of the Resistance. He was a girls and boys magnet. And he had the best friend in the world. “You sure we can simply pull that?” Poe Dameron asked as he looked over the card game he was playing with Han to the smuggler’s son. “Sure.” Ben said smugly. “They won’t suspect a thing.” “Son…don’t be such a reckless idiot like I’ve been.” Han said while he laid out his cards. “I win Dameron. You gotta clean my ship and fix the left canon.” “Damnit!” The dark haired super-pilot threw his cards on the table. “And here I was thinking that finally I could beat you.” Han smirked. “The only person who has ever beaten me in that game was Luke and Leia. And only because they are better at the Force.” “You can be better at the Force.” Ben complained. “Be quiet, Master Jedi.” Han said and waved his son off. “It’s the Skywalked blood that makes those two so damn strong. I hate it.” “You didn’t believe in the Force in the beginning, dad. So don’t complain now that you can control it.” Ben said and his father was about to answer, but Chewbacca interrupted their bickering. After a good minute of loud wookie sounds, Han simply nodded. While the pilot left the two younger men behind, Poe looked confused at Ben. “What was he saying?” “We’ll arrive soon at the extraction point.” Ben rose. “Querda checked in with us?” “Yeah, she says everything seems to run smoothly so far.” Poe sighed. “Why are we doing this again?” “Because this can prevent an all out war between us and the First Order.” Ben sighed. “I don’t like it either, but we have to do this. Or else the Order buys him back.” Hux clenched his teeth and looked over to where his guard sat. He was hanging from a force field in the middle of a large room in some back water planet’s mafia boss hideout. He cursed his foolishness to leave the Finalizer behind and come to Jakku on personal business with only a small amount of Stormtroopers. A red-skinned Twi’lek walked by and looked at him with her startling black eyes. He lips twitched into a smile and she pulled on one of her lekku over her shoulder. The silver clasp glinted in the low light and Hux imagined to see the Resistance sign in the elaborate design. But she was gone from his sight before he could see more. Then there was a sudden movement in the other wise lazy crowd. Three men and a wookie entered the room and Hux sneered. One, the only silver haired, was the famous smuggler and Rebellion General, Han Organa-Solo. The other must be his and General Organa’s Jedi-son. And the last one…was none other than Resistance-posterboy Poe Dameron. “What a beautiful display.” Ben Organa-Solo said slowly. “Son, better not be too cocky. We haven’t gotten our hands on him properly.” Han said and shot Hux a look. Despite the difference in political orientation, Hux knew enough about the two heads of the Rebellion. Leia Organa was a thick-skulled person with strong moral ideals, leading the Rebellion through the Battle of Hoth and the Battle on Endor. Han Solo was a different kind of boots. He was head-strong, but had the right distrust and general suspicion of a smuggler. “Han Solo!” Someone shouted. A Cerean alien walked towards the newcomers. “Dapau!” Han replied as he shook hands. “And it’s Organa-Solo.” Dapau waved it off. “This is the famed Chewbacca.” The wookie screamed at that. “Your son Ben and…Poe Dameron.” The alien seemed impressed with the amount of Resistance celebrities Han had come for Hux. “Indeed.” Han said. It was obvious that he didn’t want to make it so public who had come for the First Order General, but what had been done couldn’t be undone. “Why don’t we go into the backroom for the negotiations.” Dapau lead the men away and Hux was left sneering. Querda watched Dapau leave the room just as happy as he entered it. Han, Ben and Poe followed, Chewie trailing them as ever. He finally agreed to the terms . Ben’s voice whispered in the back of her mind and she let herself smile a little. Without hesitating she wandered through the group of men until she met the man in the furthest corner. “The offer still stands.” She said slowly to the haunted eyes in front of her. “I don’t think so. I am not Resistance.” “I wasn’t either until Luke brought me to the Temple. Now I am both a Force User as well as Resistance.” She kept her voice low and her expression friendly. “Please. We can give you opportunities no other can give you.” “I…I will come with you.” The man moved. “But…” “Yes…We won’t judge you on what you did before.” She waved him to follow her. Hux had been let down and handcuffed. Ben smirked over to Querda as she made her way to her friend. “Ben, we have someone else to take with us home.” She pointed to the man behind her. Thankfully everyone was so occupied with the captured General that they didn’t ask for his name. “Welcome and all, we’ll introduce us later.” Ben said with a friendly smile. “Thank you for the good business, Dapau.” Han shook hands again with the humanoid. “We are very thankful that you contacted us before the Order.” “Aah, Han for old time’s sake I would do a lot of things for you.” Dapau laughed and shot a look at Querda. “You didn’t tell me that this beauty was one of yours.” “Better keep your distance with her.” Poe warned. “She’s a Jedi.” To emphasize this, Querda rested her hand on her light sabre. Dapau only smirked and nodded. Without another word, the small group left Ben enjoyed the hand he had on General Hux’ arm. He felt like he could take on the First Order by himself. The redhead didn’t like to be touched as far as Ben knew. He found the entire situation terribly annoying and was furious. But despite the fury in the man’s mind, he was extremely composed. When they came to the landing platform the Falcon was standing on, Hux sneered a little bit. This bucket of trash is supposed to bring me to the Resistance? Well beggars can’t be choosers. Ben smirked to himself as he lead General Hux inside. “Welcome aboard.” Ben ducked under the low ceiling and force the General into a small cell only a few metres into the ship. “This will be your luxurious room for the time being. You will get better quarters as soon as we’re at the base.” General Hux frowned at him and eventually sat down on a small bench. Ben flopped down across from him. He looked at the man across from him. Only now Ben noticed that slight trace of dried blood under the General’s nose. “You’re smaller than I imagined.” Ben eventually said. Hux rolled his eyes. You’re stupider than I imagined. “You imagined me?” He gave the General his most brilliant smile, enjoying the startled jerk. Notes: Thank you for reading giving kudos and commenting! Chapter 2 : Devil's work Summary: When General Hux' cousin Laul Tarkin hears that Armitage was taken prisoner by the Resitance, her temper runs high. Only the Supreme Leader himself manages to calm her down with a promise. But what promise... Meanwhile the Resitance leaders debate on what to do with the captured FO officer. Notes: Sorry for the delay, i was taken up by work then the Advent Calendar and then my right hand got bitten at work, so i was unable to write (plus writers block hahah, fun) I hope you enjoy this new chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Laul Tarkin swore under her breath when she read the message the Supreme Leader had sent her. When she rose from her seat in the large sky office on Arkanis the rage that boiled under her skin made her feel lightheaded. There was nothing she could do and she knew it. Armitage was captured, but she wouldn’t sit here with her hands in her lab. “Resistance scum.” She hissed under her breath and slammed her hands into the window that made up two thirds of her office walls and ceiling. The rain splattered across it and the world outside was just as grey as the office she was standing in. “Sir? Supreme Leader Snoke wishes to speak to you.” Her personal assistant said via the open com. “Patch him through.” Laul heard the holo flicker to live behind her and she turned, her long black cape swishing behind her. “Snoke.” She said and bowed her head. “Admiral.” The scarred man said. “You have had time to read my message by now, I suppose. I can feel your rage and your hatred.” “Yes.” The woman hissed. “I want them dead, Supreme Leader. How long until everything ready?” “Be patient for another month cycle. It will be ready and fully operational by then.” “I cannot leave my cousin in their hands for so long!” Laul screamed. “They will start trial as soon as he’s with them and he’ll be executed by the time everything is operational!” She threw the white lilies off her table and the flowers flew against the steel wall, the water splashing the windows as the vase shattered. “You hatred and anger won’t change anything. The workers are already working over time.” Snoke said sharply, as if scolding a child. Laul snarled and looked at Snoke from under her short red hair. The deep green of her eyes burned as if a fever was settling in. “If Armitage dies, it’ll be on your account.” Laul said. “He won’t die. I am certain of it. I cannot say as much for you.” “I don’t care if I die as long as he is safe…” Laul shouted and gripped the edge of her desk. “I am fully aware of that, Admiral Tarkin. He will be safe and sound at every time.” Snoke reassured her. “The love you hold for him is strong.” Pushing back from her desk, the woman strode to the holo. She brushed her hair back harshly and she sneered, exposing her with teeth. “Armitage is the only one I have left. He’s the only who cares about me after what happened.” Snoke bowed his head at that and smiled softly, as if he was experiencing the strong devotion to Armitage Laul felt. Then he nodded, jerkily as if he moved rarely this quick. “I haven’t said it’s bad.” “One last thing. I want the crew of the Finalizer. They may want some sort of revenge themselves. And they are the most loyal crew I know.” Laul exhaled. “And one of your apprentices, they will prove useful against the Force-Users of the Resistance.” “It will be arranged. Until then…good fortune to you, Admiral Tarkin.” “Thank you. Good fortune to you too, Supreme Leader.” The holo feed flickered and vanished. Laul balled her fist, listening to the satisfying crunch of leather in the otherwise dead silent room. There was only one word ghosting through her mind and she tasted it, both excitement and rage in her heart. “Harvest.” Hux hissed when he was dragged outside. The sun was too bright after the darkness of the storage chamber he had been locked in. And it was hot here. There was nothing he hated more than sun and heat. It turned his skin an annoyingly bright as well as painful shade of red. “Don’t worry, you won’t stay in the sun for too long.” That blasted Ben Solo had read his thoughts again. He hated him more than anything else and wished he could strangle him. “It’s Organa-Solo, I like reading your thoughts and I would only let you strangle me if we’d fuck.” “No one wanted to know that you’re into breath play.” The Twi’lek woman from the smuggler’s liar said. “That’s just way too deep into you disgusting mind.” “It’s not that disgusting, Querda.” Ben said. “Shut up, remember mediation with Luke? Mind melting?” Querda shuddered. “Ew, just no!” She huffed and grabbed a bag. “I’m off to my quarters. See you at dinner.” “Yep.” Ben waved her off. “And now to you. There should be a cell for you somewhere in here.” Armitage was dragged away, in a very undignified way he might add, through a lot of corridors. Pilots and other Resistance fighters stopped and stared at him. He presumed he was some sort of celebrity not only in the Order, but outside of it too. Still he kept his thoughts in track and only glared back. Finally the two men came into a part of the base that was clearly designed to hold prisoners. And there she stood, Princess Leia, Rebellion General and Leader of the Resistance. “General Hux.” She said. “General Organa.” “Organa-Solo.” Ben said quietly. Armitage rolled his eyes and looked to the side. “I think I don’t need to tell you what we’ve planned for you, Hux.” Leia sighed. “As much as I don’t like it, but you’ll be interrogated by my son and Querda.” “Interrogation won’t work on me.” “You’ll change your mind soon enough.” Leia said and Armitage suddenly remembered what Snoke had told him once about the raw power of the Force and what kind of atrocious things those instructed were able to do with it. “But you have time until tomorrow.” Ben smiled when he shoved Armitage into the cell. Leia looked at him with her sad, knowing eyes and sighed. Ben only rested a hand on her shoulder and she nodded. It seemed final and looked like she put a lot of strength into it. Then both left Armitage alone. “I’ve told you many times before that I do not approve of this use of the Force!” Luke said and the old man’s eyes were narrowed on Admiral Keita across from him. Everyone else in the room was quiet and held their breath. The Admiral sneered and slammed his hand on the holo pad in front of him. There was so much hate in his eyes that it hurt Leia when she looked at him. The other Force-Users in the room seemed to feel it too and shared uneasy looks. “We have to interrogate General Hux! And this is the quickest way possible!” “The Force isn’t there to simply invade someone’s mind . It’s there to build a mutual connection between two or more willing Force sensitives. That’s what you don’t understand. A Jedi…” “Shut up about Jedis. You are the last one and no one will listen to you!” Admiral Keita sneered. “No one in this room will refuse me if I send them to interrogate and torture this man. He’s the enemy.” Silence fell and Luke glanced over to his sister and her chest became tight when she saw the horror on his face. “I think we should only invade his mind if it’s strictly necessary.” Leia said and stepped to the Admiral’s side. But Keita was having none of it and shoved her away from the holo pad before she could continue. Leia lost her footing on the uneven ground and fell. In an instant Keita was throw backwards and slammed into the wall behind him. Ben’s outstretched hand held him in place against the rough stone wall. “BEN!” Han boomed and his son instantly lowered his arm. “Thank you.” His father said and helped his wife up. “I think all of our tempers are running high tonight. General Hux has to…” “I won’t hear any of it…” “Admiral Keita.” Han shouted and stepped forward, hitting the man in the chest with his finger. “I will not let you interrupt me!” He stared at the taller man with annoyance. “What I was suggesting is, that we sleep over the issue tonight and meet again to discuss what is to happen to the General.” A low murmur of people saying “Agreed” rose and the Admiral had to bow before this. Still when he left the room along with the others, Leia felt his anger and the hate he felt towards General Hux. “I partly understand him.” Ben said quietly. “He lost his sister to the man.” “It’s still no reason to torture the General like that.” Leia said sharply. “Have you ever gotten your mind invaded? Have you ever been tortured?” Ben bowed his head at that. “There is truth and righteousness to both sides.” Luke murmured. “But we have to find the right path for both.” “Mind invasion is not the answer.” Han said. “After what happened the first time the three of us tried to bond, I don’t want anyone to suffer the same.” “I won’t do it.” Querda said. “I will refuse.” Her eyes rested on a spot in the darkness of the meeting room. “No one will force you to do anything.” Leia said gently and hugged the woman. “If I won’t do it, he’ll call for the others. And we can’t gather too many of the Force-Users here. It’ll draw Snoke’ interest.” Ben walked up and down. “I…I…” “Think about it.” Luke put a hand on his nephew’s shoulder. “I trust you to find the right decision for this situation. And if you will do it, I trust you to be gentle about it.” Ben looked at his uncle and gave a small smile. Then he looked at the other’s in the room. Querda gave him a sad smile and his mother merely nodded, giving her blessing. Han frowned but shrugged. “You are old enough.” He merely said. Notes: Thank you for reading, giving kudos and commenting! In loving memory of Carrie Fisher. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the My lil ginger baby and his cute lil emo series