Opening Text Crawl A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.............. STAR WARS KINGDOM COME (A Star Wars Story/Prequel to The Force Awakens ) The EMPIRE has been vanquished. In its place, the NEW REPUBLIC rises to govern the galaxy. Over the years this new government grows stronger, led by LEIA ORGANA, former princess of Alderaan. LUKE SKYWALKER, her twin brother, plans to resurrect the JEDI ORDER to protect this newfound peace, and one of his first students is BEN SOLO, a son of LEIA ORGANA and HAN SOLO. BEN is quite Force-sensitive and a promising addition to the JEDI TEMPLE. All seems well. But LUKE, LEIA, and HAN have all heard tell of BEN's friend, ABBY GRACE. At first, they dismiss her as imaginary, but his insistence that she exists soon cannot be ignored. And when she finally does reveal herself, one question comes to mind. Can this peace in the galaxy be maintained? ABBY never meant to start a war. Between her complex relationship with BEN SOLO and the ancient gods that claim to be her brothers and sisters, she must make choices that will someday determine the fate of the universe. With the galaxy on her shoulders and the strings of fate in her hands, her decisions are everything. As BEN is drawn away from her by the mysterious SUPREME LEADER SNOKE and she fights a seemingly never-ending war with the TITAN LORD KRONOS, ABBY must be quick-will she manage to save the universe, or will she fail and die as the spark of a fire that will raze the galaxy? Chapter 2 : Prologue-The First Promise Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Run. One thought. One action. The exact same thought and the exact same action-that they both took. The sickly little girl, running because it was the only thing that made her feel any better. The neglected young boy, running because he couldn't face the abandonment that was staring him in the eye. It didn't matter where Abby went, as long as she kept running. She charged through the crowded street. Anywhere away from the orphanage was good enough for her. Stupid doctors didn't understand. Running did make her feel better. Playing charged her with energy. She didn't need rest, she needed to be more active. But nobody would hang out with her, they were all too scared that her " condition " was contagious. She felt neglected and misunderstood. It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair . Not to Ben, no it wasn't. If Han could show up once, just once , make time for his own son...that would be fair. Your father will be here next time Leia would say. Leia had said that last time. And the time before that. And the time before that. It wasn't fair Ben repeated in his head. It wasn't fair. People tried to stop her. What was a skinny, pale, sickly five-year-old doing, running around in the streets of Boston on her own? But nothing could stop Abby. She ran like the wind itself, dodging hands and concerned faces. Their concern was simply a knee-jerk reaction, it wasn't genuine. And now she felt as though she was running so fast that the world itself blurred. Her surroundings dissolved into color and shadow, then.............reappeared again. The legs of adults turned into the trunks of trees, and the summer sun beat down warmer, turning the world green, as opposed to the gray of pavement. Abby slowed in her sprint. She was running through woods. But how? That simply wasn't possible. And there was someone hurtling straight towards her. Before she could process anything, both she and the person in front of her barreled into the open and collided. The panic of a few seconds that had built within Abby suddenly exploded in a scream, and whoever she had collided into echoed it. "AHHHH!" They both scrambled back, making it to trees on either side of the glade where they had run into each other, and hid. There was a moment's silence before the boy decided to peek out again. Abby was hiding behind a tree, shaking in fear as reality washed over her. She had no idea where she was. "Are you afraid of me?" Ben Solo asked. Abby gulped and got up her courage, peeking out again to meet the dark brown eyes watching her hiding spot with a stare just as intense as her own. "N-No" she replied, wiping her eyes with her palms. "I'm just.........lost." "Who are you" Ben wondered, stepping out from his hiding spot. Abby kept to hers and the boy wandered closer, almost in a fearful manner. A manner that Abby noticed. "Are you afraid of me " she inquired. "I'm just Abby Grace." "Well, then, come out" Ben requested. "My names Ben Solo." Slowly, carefully, Abby stepped out from behind the tree. Ben stared. He had never seen such a skinny, pale little person. The age difference between them-two years-was painfully obvious. But there was a strange beauty about her. She was much too tall for her age, tall as him, and he was no short kid. Her eyes shimmered with power, emotion, and intelligence. Her face was good-looking in a strange way, too young to be hot but too mature to be cute or pretty. Her hair fell down to almost her elbows, a curtain of dark brown that looked like silk. But the strangest thing about her was still her eyes. They were honey-gold, a completely unnatural color, and a bit reflective. When she grinned, she showed off her small but near perfect white teeth. How could he not stare? And Abby stared right back. Her gaze raked over him, taking in every feature. Memorizing his face so she'd never forget it. Like the child she was, she blurted her first thought. "I like your ears" she mumbled, while both she and Ben turned red. "Everybody calls me big ears Ben" he confessed. "They don't like me." "Nobody likes me either" Abby agreed. "They think I look scary and the doctors say I'm sick." Ben stepped back. "Are you" he demanded. "No" Abby wailed. She balled her fists and tears welled in her eyes. "If they would just let me play some more......if I had a friend........but, apparently, I'm too weak. Some days I can't even go outside! The teachers in school all think I need help getting around and doing work, but I don't! I already know that playing helps, but the other kids won't play with me, even though they know I'm not contagious! I'm not sick! I'm just.............weak." Abby sat down dejectedly as if to prove her point. To his surprise, Ben felt compassion for her at this statement. He stepped closer than before and got on his knees in the grass. "Do you want a friend?" he asked quietly. Abby looked up, wiping her eyes furiously to dry her tears. " You want to be my friend" she marveled like she couldn't believe it. "Yeah," Ben confirmed. What happened next shocked him. Abby jumped to her feet, smiling wider than she ever had before, and threw her arms around him. For how frail she looked, she was a strong little kid. Not to mention that he was seven and she was five, but she still had a grip on him that he couldn't break, so he returned the hug. "Thank you" she squealed, hugging him tightly. "Wait a minute" Ben began. "You said you were lost?" "Oh...." Abby relinquished her grip on him. "I think.........I think I can find my way back home." "You'll come back" Ben begged hopefully. "You'll be waiting" Abby replied. "I promise, Abby" Ben swore. "I'll be back here tomorrow, if that would work." "Yippee," Abby shouted, jumping up and down for joy. They exchanged one more hug before Ben turned on his heel and began to make his way back to the Jedi temple. Abby disappeared into the shadows of the clearing and when he turned around to say goodbye she was gone from sight. He felt strangely sad at the disappearance of his newfound friend, but he had to get back before Master Luke sent out the search party. "I promise I'll see you later" he repeated. That was the first promise. Notes: -Author- Welcome to Kingdom Come, book one of the Ultimate Kylo Grace series! There will be two books in that series, both of them a remix of When Worlds Collide. The second book will also be a sequel to this one. This book is what happens up until Kylo Ren's turn to the Dark side (the second Titan war, etc.) The next book will be The Force Awakens and onward. I really hope you guys enjoy this series! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 3 : Just Another Dam Fangirl If you saw her from a distance, you would never pick her out from a crowd. You'd keep walking, never to know that you had seen Abby Grace. It wasn't like there was anything to remember about the twelve-year-old girl. She was slender and pale, so much that she looked rather sickly. Her eyes were fiery, intelligent, and honey-gold in color, while a smattering of freckles ran across her face. Light brown, elbow-length hair curtained her fair face, coupled with rosy cheeks and dark circles that came and went beneath her eyes. Her clothes were simple. A t-shirt, jeans, sneakers, and a lightweight jacket. During the winter she would get a heavy jacket and winter boots-but that was only if she was lucky. You see, Abby Grace was an orphan. There was no doubt about that. No one wanted to adopt her. Her parents were presumed dead. She had been abandoned as a baby, left to die in the streets with nothing but a blanket and note carrying her name and date of birth. But she had been found, taken to an orphanage, and spent the first few years of her life there. Soon enough, though, people realized that she simply wasn't normal. The first clue was her eyes. They were honey-gold, but definitely had more gold than honey . She was much too smart for her age. Writing, math, history, they all came to her as naturally as breathing. Speaking in different languages wasn't difficult at all. By the time she was nine years old there were multiple instances where she randomly switched from English to Greek or Spanish or even Latin. And even that wasn't the weirdest thing about her. Bizarre, supernatural things happened whenever she angry, or sad, or even bored. Objects floating out of nowhere was first. Then it escalated to objects being thrown across the room, and even straight-up destroyed-crushed, snapped in half, sometimes completely incinerated. When she was angry, this kind of thing was especially common. For example, in third grade, a few of the biggest boys and girls ganged up on her, just for kicks, while the teacher was out in the hallway. Abby was sitting at her desk, passive as a child could be, checking her math homework for mistakes. They ripped it out of her hands and tore it to pieces. In response Abby leapt out of her seat, her hands outstretched. She never touched anyone. But all of them went flying away from her, tossed across the room like a bomb blast had gone off where Abby was standing. She was in the office for the rest of the day, for the other kids didn't hesitate to snitch on her when the teacher returned. Abby denied ever physically throwing anyone and (lucky her) the principal believed it. No kid her age could have attacked so many others, simultaneously, and tossed them so far across the room. But it didn't stop there. Every grade, every school, something happened. Always inexplicable, always bizarre, and always traced back to Abby Grace. She was in and out of hospitals, psychologists, and courts, trying to figure out what on Earth was "wrong" with her. Oh yeah, and did I mention the disappearances? Abby could literally disappear off the face of the planet. And she was leaving the planet. No, no, I hear all of you going "she's an alien returning to the mothership", but this isn't that kind of story. She's was a normal kid-if you looked at it the right way. Her disappearances would occur when she visited her best (and only) friend. His name was Ben Solo. Ben was the son of Leia Organa-Skywalker and Han Solo. He lived at the Jedi Temple with his uncle Luke Skywalker, light-years away from Boston, Massachusetts, where Abby was trapped. But that didn't stop her. Early on Abby had realized that she could disappear and reappear as long as there was a shadow for her to disappear into and one where she reappeared. She had discovered this one day when she accidentally shadow-traveled all the way across the galaxy, where she met Ben. They had been best friends ever since, meeting as often as they could in the woods just beyond the Jedi temple. And that all sounds well and good. Abby had at least one friend. Ben was training to become a Jedi. They hung out and joked and had a good time once or twice a week. Sounds great, am I right? One problem. One dam problem. Catch the reference? If you did, good job. I now name you a true fan of Rick Riordan's books. Also, let me say this; that time when Abby threw her classmates across the room in third grade? That was not the Force. Okay, to all y'all Percy Jackson fangirls out there, guess what? Abby Grace is one of you. She loved every single book, read them over and over until she had memorized almost every line. She devoured every new release and idolized the entire cast of characters. Percy, Annabeth, Grover, and the rest of their friends were her entire world. The only thing she cared more about, out of everything in the entire galaxy, was Ben. He was a real-life hero, training to be a Jedi, and even so, he never got bored with her. She was two years younger than him, probably a bit over eccentric about her fandom, and leading an utterly drab life. The most interesting thing that had ever happened to her was meeting him . But this story has to be more exciting, right? That's why you're reading. Why don't I get to it? You see, Abby wasn't just a normal kid. Spoiler alert; yeah, she's a demigod. But let's begin a bit before that-two weeks before the winter solstice, in Abby's sixth grade year. "Ugghhhh, when is it going to be winter break?" For once, Abby agreed with them. The break was something she'd been looking forward to since Thanksgiving. She was going to run away. It had taken years for Ben to convince her to do so. For the past few months, especially, the subject had hovered over her. A place. A permanent home. Learning to be what Ben was-a Jedi. A hero. But something held her back. A place. But was it really her place? Could she really burden Master Luke with the human disaster that she was? People reminded her of it daily. Pretty much everyone-save for Ben- hated her. The other kids at school despised her. Teachers were sick and tired of her supernatural antics. The orphanage and foster systems were running out of places to send her. No one needed or wanted to be in charge of her. Abby was simply a burden-or that's what it sure as heck felt like. "Hey, witch girl! Where are you going over the break?" It was Jackie Diaz. Abby cringed. Gods, she hated that girl so much. Jackie was platinum blond, thin as a stick, with fake nails, makeup, and designer clothes. If you looked up stereotype on the Urban Dictionary website, you would probably get a picture of her. "Oh, riiiiiight" Jackie sneered, walking up to where Abby sat on the bleachers. It was gym class, but there was a sub, so it was a free-for-all. No regulation and the kids were free to do whatever they pleased. Unfortunately, for fifteen or sixteen of the most aggressive, stereotypical, and popular kids in the grade, what they liked to do in their free time was harass Abby. "You'll be going back to the orphanage" Jackie laughed. "And you'll be making out with a poster of Harry Styles" Abby replied smartly. Jackie made a face at her. "At least I have a social life" she leered. "Unlike you, obsessed with mythology and your imaginary boyfriend! Will you be making out with him ?" "Yeesh, I'm twelve," Abby said with a curl of her lip. She and Ben were friends and nothing more. That was a given. "And I'm not the one who stalks One Direction on Instagram!" "You have Instagram" Jackie inquired, ignoring Abby's comment about One Direction. "Maybe I do, maybe I don't" Abby explained. "Either way, why in the galaxy would I tell you?" "Do you post anything?" "I'm not interested in you stalking me as well" Abby snarled. " Go away ." "No," Jackie said simply, taking a seat next to Abby. "If you tell me what you're doing over break, I'll tell you where I'm going." "Tell me first" Abby bargained. "Fine. I'm going on a cruise." Abby snorted. Typical . All the other kids would be going on fancy, expensive trips to the Caribbean or Disney or Europe, while she would be running away from home. But any place was better than here. "I'm just gonna hang around town" she lied. "Now go away ." "Are they gonna put you back up for adoption" Jackie inquired. "Why do you need to know that" Abby demanded, aghast. But the question had already sunk in, re-opening the old wound-who would ever want a child like her? "Just wondered if they would ever have any luck," Jackie said simply. "Get the witch girl off their hands. I'm sure Ms. Roberts or whatever would have one less problem without you." "It's Ms. Rachel " Abby gritted out. "So" Jackie queried pointedly. "Nunya" Abby growled. "Say what?" "Nunya business." "Oh, but it is my business" Jackie cried indignantly "I've gotta make sure you're coming back! Who else would I tease?" At this comment, Abby's fists clenched and shook with anger. "You're making a big mistake" she snarled. "Go on then" Jackie chuckled, standing up and holding her arms out. "Do something. I dare you." Abby remained seated. Keep it together. Keep it together . "HA," Jackie screeched. "HEY EVERYBODY, LOOK AT THIS! THE WITCH GIRL IS A CHICKEN!" That was the last straw. Abby threw her hands out. Jackie was blasted away from her and across the room by a visible ripple in the air. Not like those slow-motion bomb blasts in movies and documentaries, but a ripple you could see in real time, a wave that carried Jackie with it all the way across the gym, where she hit the opposite wall with a thump . A gasp ran throughout the room. "Ooooh," the kids chorused. Then Jackie's entourage walked up to Abby. It was headed by Ian Diaz, Jackie's twin brother. He was a big burly kid with his blond hair cut short. And he looked madder than a charging rhino. "You've done it this time, witch girl" he growled. All of his friends fanned out in a circle, giving Abby nowhere to run. "Come at me" Abby challenged. He did, swinging a punch towards her, which she ducked and darted lightly out of the way. "Is that the best you got" she taunted. "FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT" some of the kids chanted. Abby humbly obeyed their wish, waiting for Ian to turn back towards her and delivering a sharp smack to his face. "BOI" she screamed, and he fell back on his butt from shock. Pointing her entire hand at him, she proceeded roast said butt. "Look at you, with your designer clothes and all this junk about going on a cruise over winter break! As if any of us need a reminder that you're filthy rich! You act like you're cool at all, I'll bet you've never gotten above a C+ in your life. And your sister over there, the definition of stereotype? You can both go right back to your stupid private yacht. I hope Poseidon drowns you." With that Abby turned on her heel, shoved through the crowd, picked up her books, and walked out the door just as the bell rang. "OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHH" screamed the other kids, jumping up and down and laughing at the irony-out of nowhere, the most popular kids in school had been roasted by the "Greek Geek/Witch Girl" (those were both alternative nicknames for Abby among the students). Gathering their books, they nearly trampled each other in an effort to get to lunch and tell their friends what had happened. Chapter 4 : The Huntress The entire city was almost silent. That was a first. Abby had been up at late hours before, once she had even pulled an all-nighter, but not once had the city of Boston been completely silent. This sent a shudder through her, the silence making it near impossible to sleep. So she picked up her book, walked to the window, and sat on the ledge, wrapped in a blanket. Frost iced the window pane at her back and the glow of moonlight allowed her to see the pages and words. The Titan's Curse was her reading material tonight, which also happened to be her favorite book. She was flipping through the last pages, re-reading the plot twists and fulfillment of the prophecy. Zoe Nightshade was an all-time favorite character of hers. Why was it always the good guys who ended tragically? Abby snapped the book shut. She put it on the window seat next to her and turned to the window, putting her palm to the glass and rubbing vigorously to clear it of frost. Now Abby was looking through that peephole onto the street in front of her, and she had a strangely clear view of the sky that night. The crescent moon shone brightly and the stars even brighter, constellations all glowing like they were made of live coals. One collection of stars drew her attention, one she had to trace with her finger before realizing what it was. The Huntress . Zoe's constellation. No way . Yes , way . No way. Yes , way. Her breath caught in her throat. From what Rick Riordan had released, the events of the books happened a few years before the current time. About the same time that she met Ben. Perhaps that last bit wasn't relevant, but the fact that the events were recent -that made a huge difference. That meant that the Huntress constellation wouldn't be documented yet. That was the reason you couldn't learn about it in school or at the Museum Of Science, Boston, in the planetarium. Humans would probably have no explanation for the sudden, near perfect arrangement of stars. "I can't wait to see what they come up with" Abby muttered. She was overflowing with excitement. This meant something. Maybe Rick Riordan was the official scribe of Camp Half-Blood. So, maybe that Camp was.........real? If so, Camp Jupiter, New Rome, The Labyrinth, and Mount Olympus had to be real too. But no ....... It was simply too good to be true. Maybe Abby was dreaming about the constellation. She couldn't have an excuse to stay here. She was so close to escaping forever, running away and being with her best friend for as far as she could see into the future. There was a whole, immense galaxy for her to explore beyond those stars. Even if the Greek Gods were real, the adventures were over. The evil had been defeated and the Heroes of Olympus had prevailed (spoiler alert.......sorry). Yes, that was it. Adventure awaited her with Ben, not with people who might not even be real. Abby didn't notice she'd fell asleep until she started dreaming. "Well?!" The voice was impatient. It practically shook the floor where Abby stood, deep, gravelly tones resonating throughout the room. "Choose, child, choose!" Suddenly Abby realized where she was. She was standing in a dark room, but there were too spotlights hovering over two objects. One was a bronze chain and a pendant in the shape of a falcon. The other was a silver, curved object, with a black leather grip. The hilt of a lightsaber. "I don't have all day" the voice growled. "Make your choice. Tell me who you are!" "I'm j-just Abby" she stuttered. For some reason, this voice, this choice, they scared the living daylights out of her. "Will you span both worlds" the deep voice demanded. "Will you fulfill the prophecy?!" "What proph-" "CHOOSE!" Abby wheeled around. There was a yawning pit behind her, which was where the voice seemed to be coming from. Swimming in the blackness were faces. So many faces. Ben's face. Then the face of Percy Jackson. And Annabeth Chase. Zoe Nightshade. Thalia Grace. Hazel Levesque. And many others she didn't know. A girl with three buns in her hair, a dark-skinned man, another man in an orange suit. "SAVE US" screamed their combined voices. "How do I save them" Abby inquired. "Interesting," remarked the voice. "Do you have the courage to finish this?" "I'm not leaving them here" Abby shouted bravely. Something pushed her across the rocky ground, so she was right on the edge of the cavern. "Then do it" bid the voice. Abby took a deep breath and dived in the pit, hurtling towards the faces of her friends, real and imaginary, while the voice roared with evil laughter. "Die, foolish little hero" it scoffed, and Abby felt something slam into her. Tendrils of darkness were wrapping around her like chains, which squeezed her tighter the more she struggled. Black spots appeared in her eyes. "NO" Abby roared. The tendrils released her, and bright white light filled the chasm, blinding her. And she was free-falling again, but now she hit the floor in a whole other environment. It was a dark, snowy forest. Two animals were fighting on the shaky ground. A majestic falcon and a shaggy black-furred wolf. The wolf howled and snapped it's jaws over the falcon's wing. In return, the bird raked its talons over the wolf's muzzle. "No" Abby screamed again. "Stop fighting, please!" She ran across the snow and leapt forward, tackling the wolf before it bit the bird again. It howled and struggled, then melted into a puppy in her arms. The bird landed on the ground, changing form so it was a small kitten. Abby watched in shock as the animals nuzzled her. "I see" the voice chuckled. "You may be a hero yet. A final test will do." "What?!" The animals dissipated. Abby was standing alone in the snowy forest. She spun in a circle, her nerves standing on end. Then someone extended a lightsaber over her shoulder, sparks flying off it and stinging her skin. It crackled, glowing red like blood. Slowly, ever so slowly, she turned. One final scream built in her throat. A huge figure clothed in all black held the saber, towering over her 5'7 height. But that wasn't the scary part. When she cast her eyes towards his face (for it was clearly a man) a mask hid him from her sight, silver detailing curling around the empty eye sockets. But Abby didn't scream. The panic was momentary, and a wave of pity washed over her. There was a person trapped behind that mask. She stepped closer, reaching out. Instinct told her that all she had to do was touch him. Her fingers were inches from the metal of the mask when the same voice that had guided her through the whole dream gave a shout. The muzzle of the mask was beginning to melt away as her fingertips neared it. She saw the pale face and full lips of the man underneath, but then she was yanked backward and hurtled into more blackness. Abby's eyesight blurred as shapes, colors, and shadows raced past her. She was falling again, down that same pit she had dived into at the beginning of the dream. Something else was rising, a huge pillar of black smoke. She caught sight of two glowing golden eyes and the voice laughed, evil tones echoing off the walls. "Begone" it growled. "I know who you are, child. You are much better off in my old prison. A perfect sacrifice." Abby gasped and woke up. Her cheek was stuck to the window. It took her a few seconds to pull it off. Before she even had time to barely begin thinking about her dream, reality hit. "It's Saturday" she marveled. "It's the weekend!" She jumped off the window ledge, her bare feet slapping as they hit the floor, and ran to throw on some clothes. Once her clothes were on she grabbed a pencil and paper to jot down the dream before she forgot it. Details were slipping away already. Was it a wolf or a dog? And was that snow or rain? But, more importantly, who were those people? Abby felt like she should know them. The voice knew who she was. The three strange faces in the pit called for her help just as fervently as those she knew. And the man in the mask............... who was he ? Abby was sure she knew him. Finally, after a few minutes of thinking, no explanations came. "Only one thing to do now" Abby muttered, tossing her book and blanket back onto her bed. She yanked on socks and shoes. "Besides" she continued. "I haven't stopped by Ben's place since Tuesday afternoon. I'm late." Abby dashed downstairs, grabbing a bagel and rushing back into the hall. No one was there. Casually leaning against the wall, Abby glanced over her shoulder before completely disappearing into the shadows all around. Chapter 5 : Watch Your Back Ok. So Abby Grace's life can be pretty weird at times. And, over the years, Ben got used to it. Her rants about mythology, fandoms, and dreams. He shared some of it with her, thanks to the fact that he had some extremely bizarre dreams as well. But, that morning, when Abby came to him with news of the dream she'd had the previous night, he wasn't surprised at all. This caught her off guard. It wasn't like Ben could read minds-could he? "Well," Ben admitted. "I guess I had a dream kind of like it. With the pit and the voice and that stuff." "When?" "Last night." "I can't decide whether that's creepy or just plain weird" Abby reasoned. "Similar dreams on the same night-yep, it's creepy. The same voice, even! What did it say?" Ben shrugged. They were walking through the gardens of the Jedi temple and it was early morning, about half an hour after breakfast. The entire Jedi temple got Saturday off, so he and Abby would probably be roaming around the entire day. "Weird and creepy stuff" he muttered. "About sacrifices and my family's legacy and......." His voice trailed off and he looked at Abby apologetically. "It talked about you too. It said you were doomed." Abby shuddered, for she swore the temperature dropped a few degrees at Ben's words. "I don't feel doomed" she joked. Ben didn't smile. "It talked, like, a lot about that," he said. "I'm worried." "What are you worrying about me for" Abby demanded. "You know well enough that I can take care of myself. Heck, just the other day I roasted some kid during gym class. I'm fine." "Abby," Ben said earnestly. " Who else is going to worry about you? As your friend, I guess it's my job." Abby chuckled. Sometimes Ben was so sweet it was annoying. As if she couldn't take care of herself. And they were just dreams anyway. It wasn't like she would be going anywhere, even if she wanted to. Running away to the Jedi temple would probably be as far as she got for the next few years. According to Ben, the younglings didn't leave the temple much. "Ben" she replied. "I take care of myself. It's as simple as that. I don't like dragging other people into my problems." To her surprise, Ben grabbed her shoulders, pulling her so close to him that their foreheads pressed together. "Listen to me," he said, his voice ragged with panic. "That voice...i-it told me that it if you didn't turn yourself in to prove your worth....it was going to k-kill you!" He looked like he wanted to cry. "I can't let that happen. You can't wait until the break, you've gotta come to the temple, now !" "It was just a dream, Ben" Abby argued. "Just a bad dream! Nothing's going to happen! Who even has the time to bother with trying to kill a worthless orphan like me?" "You're not worthless" Ben stated. "You're my best friend. And, if you won't listen to me, listen to Percy Jackson. Isn't he your idol?!" Was it just Abby or did Ben sound jealous when he said ' isn't he your idol '? "You told me once that, in his books, he talked about how demigod dreams usually foretell the future. Dreams for force-sensitives can do the same. You may or may not be a demigod, but I'm sure as heck that you're force-sensitive. So am I. If our dreams do tell the future, then you're in danger!" He paused to catch his breath. "Okay," Abby said quietly. "Just give me one more week. If nothing happens, I'll be here to stay next weekend." Ben relinquished his hold on her and relaxed. "Why wait," he asked. "Don't you want to run away?" "That's the thing" she sighed. "What you said about me being a demigod? I've got the same idea and, after all this, I think we might be right." "I guess it makes a certain amount of sense" Ben agreed. "Last night, before I went to bed" Abby explained. "I saw the Huntress constellation." "The Huntress? The girl with the bow running across the sky" Ben inquired. "Yeah." "I've seen that" he revealed. "Like, here . In the sky here . And that's Zoe Nightshades constellation? The one Artemis made?" "Yep, " Abby confirmed. "So that means........" Ben faltered. "You won't try to get to the Camp or Olympus, will you?" He sounded panicky again. "What is up with you" Abby demanded. "Wait.............did the dream really scare you that badly?" Ben shrugged, his face turning crimson. "Not really" he mumbled. "I mean, you're my only friend, what if something happened to you?.........." He didn't mention one last thing, one thing he was desperate for. You make the voice go away. When he was alone a strange voice would invade his head, one who identified itself as the mysterious Supreme Leader Snoke . Most of the time Snoke would shut up when Ben was with other people, but not always. It was only Abby who made Snoke disappear entirely, the very traces of his presence washed from Ben's brain and the dark tendrils of his influence held back by Abby's undeniably light demeanor. But Snoke was the one who threatened Abby. Ben couldn't let that happen-and he wouldn't . It didn't matter what he had to do. And, for now, all he had to do was keep Abby close. "Ben? Ben? Earth to Ben!" Abby snapped her fingers under his nose. "Hey," he cried indignantly. "I think your brain literally floated into space for a second there" Abby decided. "I've been trying to get through to you for the past minute and a half!" "Oh, sorry" Ben apologized. "What were you saying?" Abby sighed. "Okay, let me just apologize in advance for the fandom discussion that is probably going to follow this," she said. "That's fine" Ben acknowledged. "I think I can stand one of your fangirl rants." "Great, 'cause here we go" Abby began. "So, if we agree that the entire Greek gods in the modern world, Percy Jackson and the Heroes of Olympus-type adventures could actually have happened in the recent past, and we agree that I could possibly be a demigod, then I've gotta have godly parents." She bounced on her heels, her eyes lighting up as she described the idea. To an orphan, the very thought of having parents must be wonderful. Ben nodded for her to continue. "Who do you think I would be a daughter of?" "Oh, I dunno," Ben said with a shrug. "You know more about this stuff than me. Apollo, maybe?" "I can see that" Abby agreed. "What about Ares?" "The god of war? That spells disaster" Ben muttered. Abby laughed and nudged him playfully with her elbow. "Who knows" she wondered. " I don't even have a good guess. I'm not the best at self-reflecting anyway. I suppose Athena would be cool. Annabeth Chase was something else." "What about Zeus" Ben offered. "You're powerful enough." "I just don't see that either" Abby decided, a moment of thought. "Everybody wants to be a child of Zeus anyway. I guess Thalia and Jason Grace were children of Zeus, but I doubt that I'm related to them. Oh yeah, and I can definitely rule out Aphrodite. Stereotypes make me sick." "If you were a daughter of Aphrodite....." Ben wondered. "That would be scarier than if you were a daughter of Ares." "Being contradictory is just fine with me" Abby replied. "Being expected to act stereotypically is stupid. But that isn't likely." She and Ben were both quiet for a few moments. "I've got nothing" Ben admitted. "Neither have I" Abby replied. "You know what? Enough about that. If anything changes within a week, you'll know for sure. For now, I just wanna chill. It's the weekend anyway." "I bet I'll beat you to the roof" Ben challenged. Abby smirked. "You're going down" she scoffed, and they both took off into the temple, climbing the towers and finding their way up to the roof. They sat up there and watched everyone else mill around outside, laughing and talking about this or that, and just being themselves-which was important, because-for them-this was the only time they truly could. Chapter 6 : Seekers Summary: Ok, just a note. For the sake of the story, I make up a load of stuff about Greek mythology and how things like that would work in the modern world. Most of the basic rules from the Percy Jackson series (the Mist, satyr seekers, etc.) still apply, but then there's a whole load of crazy stuff straight from my imagination, like demigods being able to sense other demigods (but that can sort-of be attributed to the Force) and demigods naturally being low-key Force-sensitive, but all of that will be explained. One more thing before we begin: Allow me to give a HUGE SHOUTOUT TO M_Ramirez16 (on wattpad.com) for writing a Kylo Grace oneshot in their book My Smut And Fluff Book (Also on wattpad.com). I'll just warn y'all, it is a SMUT oneshot, so you have been warned, but all you sinners, let me tell you, this oneshot will knock your socks off! And for my G-rated friends, I requested a fluff oneshot so none of y'all would be left out. As is write this it is not up, but I'm waiting with great excitement for it, and all my Kylo Grace shippers will probably be excited too because M_Ramirez16 is an amazing author! Ok, on with the fanfiction, just needed to put that stuff out there. "What even is this" complained Christina Carolyn. She and her demigod accomplice, Vincent Ramirez, stared at the lunchroom. They had been assigned to an out-of-the-way middle school in Boston, looking for some powerful demigod. All the satyr seekers were away, there were just so many demigods popping up all over the place! Finally, Chiron had no choice but to send the two. Anyway, they were best friends and worked exceptionally well together. A layer of mist was placed over them to hide them from the mortals and monsters, making Vincent and Christina look like new students. "I don't know" Vincent agreed. "Look over there." He pointed to some sort of commotion going on in the far corner of the lunchroom. A group of kids was gathered back there and someone was shouting, but the sound was muffled by the crowd. "We should probably stay away from whatever that is" Christina decided. "Let's get some lunch. We'll know the demigod when we see him or her." After grabbing two lunches from the kitchen Christina and Vincent sat as far from the commotion as possible. But it was already over. The main group had dissipated and were sitting at the table nearest them, shooting dirty looks towards the kitchen. "Maybe they don't like the food" Christina suggested. Then someone exited the kitchen. It was a tall, pale, slender girl. A very slender girl, so much so that she looked almost sickly. She was pretty, no doubt about that, but she looked tired, miserable, and her clothes hung loosely about her. She was also heading straight for them. "Oh gods-" Vincent began, but Christina nudged him with her elbow to shut him up. For the first time, the girl seemed to notice them. Now that she was right in front of them, they could see that she seemed to have bruises on her shoulders and winced every now and then as she moved. "What are y'all doing here" she demanded, but it sounded like a half-hearted challenge. "We'll just move-" Vincent tried again. He was never one to bring himself unnecessary attention from strangers-hated it, actually. Quite a rarity among children of Apollo. "Sorry," Christina cut in, forcing herself to smile winningly. "We didn't know this is your table, we're new here. I'm Christina Carolyn and this is Vincent Ramirez." "That's fine" the girl replied. "I don't mind that you're here, just wondered why." She sat down across from them and began to eat her pizza. "I'm Abby Grace, by the way." Once again, Vincent and Christina inspected her. She had bright, intelligent, honey-gold eyes and flowing brown hair. The air around her hummed with energy-a sure sign of pure godly descent. "Well," Vincent muttered. "That was easy." " Too easy" Christina warned. "Let's not jump to anything." What had Chiron instructed them to do? Single out the demigod. Check. Monitor the surroundings for potential threats-monsters stalking them, etc. Contact Camp and lay low, but try to make friends with them in the meanwhile. See if you can determine their godly parent ahead of time. "Hey, Abby" Christina began. "Yeah," Abby mumbled. She put down her pizza and fixed her eyes on them. It looked like they were embedded with flecks of gold. "Do you know what was going on over there?" Christina asked. Abby scowled. "Nothing" she lied and went back to her pizza. "Smooth" Vincent chuckled. Christina ignored him. "No, no" she continued. "I didn't mean anything, we're just new here, we wanted to know if you have any advice for us-who's friendly, who's not, that sort of thing." "I've got something for ya" Abby snapped. "Keep your nose in your own business. That's one for the books." Christina looked taken aback. "No, I didn't mean..." she stuttered. Those eyes were angry and unnerving, making it hard to form a logical argument. I was right, now shut up , they seemed to say. At this objection, Abby cracked a friendly smile. "I'm messing with you" she joked. The hardened look in her eyes dissipated, replaced by friendly warmth. " Bipolar, much " Vincent whispered. Christina elbowed him. "Anyway," Abby continued. "Yeah, stay away from those kids." She pointed to the group in the far corner. "They'll pick on anybody they can, filthy scavengers. Ian and Jackie Diaz, rich, popular kids and supreme leaders of the clique. Just stay out of their way and you'll be fine. Especially since you've been seen hanging out with me. If they start giving you a hard time, let me know and I'll be right over to put 'em back in their place." Abby paused for breath and took a bite of pizza. "I take it you don't like them very much" Vincent summed up. " They don't like me " Abby clarified. "I'd be happy to let them go about their business as long as they let me go about mine, but it seems that I was born with a target on my back." "That right there" Christina marveled. "Is a truly demigod-ish sentence. You into the Percy Jackson books?" "HECK YEAH" Abby exclaimed. "Whoa," Vincent replied. "Did not see that one coming. So you know the Greek gods and monsters and demigods and all that?" "You are speaking to a Percy Jackson mega-fangirl, of course I know all of that" Abby continued. Her face was lit up with excitement. "Oh really" Christina wondered. "Well, we know that stuff too. I bet I can name more things than you can." "Challenge accepted" Abby stated. "Vincent will be the moderator" Christina decided. "He'll ask us questions. Best out of..ten?" "It's on" Abby replied. "Alright," Vincent began. "Smackdown of the fangirls, is it? Let's see, the first question..........what is the biggest inside joke in the whole series?" "The Hoover dam" Abby answered, less than a second after Vincent had finished the question. "Point" Vincent agreed. And so it went. "Ok, last question" Vincent finished. "Who did Aleous knock out of the sky, according to the information provided in The Lost Hero ?" "Amelia Earhart" Abby answered. "That's ten to nothing, me." "Yeesh," Christina marveled. "You're good at this." "I don't call myself a mega-fangirl for nothing" Abby boasted. She took her last bite of pizza and got up. Suddenly, a grimace spread across her face and she winced in pain. Out of the blue, she looked very ill. "The heck" Vincent muttered, before asking "You ok?" "Yeah," Abby replied dully, sitting back down. "I've just got this issue with sitting down for ages." In a flash, she changed the subject. "Where did y'all come from? It slipped my mind to ask." "The Cape" Christina informed immediately. "We got lucky and moved at the same time" Vincent added. "Well, what did y'all do to please the Fates" Abby marveled. "Tell me your secret!" They all laughed but were interrupted by the bell ringing. "What have you got this period," Abby asked as they got up to leave. "Math," Christina said. "Would you look at that?" Abby said quietly. "Me too. Let's get outta here." The two demigods nodded and walked out, following their new friend to the math classroom. Chapter 7 : Meet Big Ugly Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "I dunno, where do you guys wanna go?" Abby and Vincent shrugged. "There are Dunkin Donuts everywhere " Christina offered. Vincent shook his head. It was Friday afternoon, and the demigods had convinced their new friend to stick around until the Camp came to collect them. "Nah" Abby decided. She and Vincent agreed on almost everything. "How about this place up in the North End? It's got the best. Cheesecake. Ever ." Christina and Vincent were the ones to shrug this time. "Sounds ok" Vincent agreed. Christina nodded to confirm it and they began to walk. Abby lead them along the streets, up Atlantic avenue, and into the North End. "Who's paying" Vincent wondered. Abby pulled a small wallet out of her pocket and held up one ten-dollar bill. "I've got y'all" she assured. "Where'd you get it" Christina wondered. "People will hire me for odd jobs, as long as it doesn't involve anything delicate" Abby sighed. "Might as well spend this today anyway. Won't need it tomorrow." "Say what now" Vincent questioned. For an orphan with almost nothing (even Abby's clothing didn't vary between a range of five or six outfits) ten dollars must seem like a fortune. "You don't have to spend it on us" Christina argued. "What do you mean, you won't need it?" "Wait....." Vincent faltered. "You're not getting adopted, are you?" Abby stopped dead on the sidewalk, shoving her wallet back into her pocket. "No" she replied flatly. "C'mon, I'll explain in private." Only after they had made it to the cafe she had mentioned and ordered food (Abby got cheesecake, big surprise), then finally settled in a secluded corner of the shop did she begin to explain. "This is a big, big secret" Abby began slowly, cutting a bite of cheesecake off her slice. "I doubt you two will get in trouble, but I have to know that you won't go running to any adults, shouting that I'm delusional." "Trust me, we won't" Vincent muttered. "We've had our share of delusional ." "Alright," Abby began carefully, pondering her next words. "Would you believe me if I told you I've been out of this world? Like, a thousand light-years away from this world."Christina raised an eyebrow and Abby continued hurriedly. "Forget worlds, imagine planets. That's what I'm talking about anyway. I've been to a whole other planet. Not Mars or Jupiter or anything. Much too far away." "What planet then," Christina asked. Abby's face fell. "I never bothered to ask" she marveled. "I'll have to ask Ben once I get back there." "Ben" Vincent repeated. "Ben who?" " Not my boyfriend," Abby immediately snapped. "But his name is Ben Solo. We've been friends since I was five." "And how did you get there when you were five" Christina demanded. "As near as I can figure" Abby disclosed. "Shadow-travel." To her surprise, Christina and Vincent exchanged a knowing look. "That's the thing" Vincent began. "So, you know Camp Half-Blood, obviously." Abby nearly jumped out of her seat, because Vincent's tone had already tipped her off. " No mcfreaking way " she whisper-screamed. "It's real?!" "Shh," Christina ordered. "It's a big secret, for obvious reasons. Also, not exactly. Let me explain. After the second Titan and Giant War's, Olympus relocated. It's still in America, it just created its own safe house. Not in the mortal world anymore. Camp Olympus it what it's called, a haven for exceptionally powerful and rare demigods. And you're one of them. We've been sent to collect you before some monster does." "I doubt any monster plans to collect me" Abby chuckled. "Rip off my head, for sure, but collect me? Nope." "There's only one problem" Vincent added. "The gods are a lot more attentive to this type of demigods. Most of them are dangerous, so the gods want them all accounted for- especially their godly parent. And no one knows who your godly parent is. The extraction team is on their way right now to pick us up, in the hope that your godly parent will claim you. All your stuff has already been taken from the orphanage-while we were at school." Abby's expression twisted into one that looked suspiciously like.......... guilt . She sat back in her chair and put her hands to her head, blinking furiously. " Don't wanna chose " she whispered. " I don't wanna chose ." "What" Vincent questioned. "I promised Ben that if monsters didn't attack..........." Abby's voice trailed off. "I would run away..........I would run away and stay with him. At the Jedi temple." "The what now" Christina exclaimed, but Abby never got to answer her question. Outside the cafe, something smashed. There were shouts and a few screams of terror. Abby was on her feet in a moment, rushing towards the front of the shop. "No, Abby, don't-" Christina tried to stop her, but too late. Abby Grace burst onto the street at a run and only stopped to stared in shock at the absolute bedlam that was taking place. Something-no, many somethings-were making their way up the street. Each was at least seven feet tall, ugly, but vaguely humanoid. Mortals were panicking, but the monsters paid no attention to them. Each one was sniffing the air as if searching for a scent. Two pairs of hands grabbed the back of Abby's leather jacket and pulled her back into the doorway. "Canadians" Abby muttered. "What now, they're Laistrygonians" Vincent hissed. "Cannibal giants!" "Percy Jackson said that they lived in Canada" Abby replied matter-of-factly. "It's the first thing that came to mind." "Of course" Christina mumbled. "Whatever. Vincent, got your knife?" Vincent nodded. "And I've got mine." "Why knives" Abby wondered. "They're easier to hide" Christina replied. "They're Vincent's weapon of choice, but I can't be carrying a sword around here, now can I?" "Isn't there magic or the Mist or something" Abby demanded. "We don't have time to explain" Vincent replied. "Until the extraction team get's here, we're stuck. Don't go anywhere." Abby made a sour face. She didn't like the idea of hiding like a coward when the monsters found them. And she didn't doubt that the monsters would find them. "Why let them set the timeline, attack now when they're not expecting it" Abby ordered. "They might just pass by, let them be" Vincent replied. Just as he'd said that, one of the monsters turned. It huffed and pointed a finger towards the doorway where they stood hidden. The others turned as well. "Time's up" it grunted. Abby shivered. She got the feeling that someone-or something -had sent these monsters. She also had a feeling that she knew who it was. "If it's a fight you want" she muttered, though the voice from her dream surely couldn't hear her. "Then it is a fight you shall get." Then Abby stepped out into the open. Every single monster turned to stare at her. They stood, frozen, as though they hadn't expected her to be so bold. Then, one by one, they began to laugh. "Scrawny little thing" the one who had spotted her chortled. "Will make easy lunch!" "I'm nobody's lunch" Abby shouted bravely. Mortals were staring, but she didn't care. "Now tell me who sent you!" "The Crooked one, of course," big ugly laughed. She had decided that the name 'big ugly' fit the one who spoke most often quite nicely. Behind her, Vincent and Christina looked panicky. "The Crooked one never dies" it continued. "You stirred our master quite well. He is awake in the depths, scrawny one. Unfortunately, you'll be first to meet him there." Every single giant raised their hands, and flaming cannonballs appeared in each massive palm. Abby didn't waver in her stare. The Crooked one? But she didn't have time to ponder. WHOOSH! Abby threw up her hands as the cannonballs soared towards her and the one closest to her went haywire. Something had grabbed it. Something smoky and undefined, but Abby was sure that it was coming from her. Then, the thing hurled the cannonball back towards the giants. After that, it grabbed the next closest one. Now Abby was sure it was coming from her, it had defined itself as a sort of bright pink smoke (pink was her favorite color, maybe a bit girly, but what did Abby care? Her pink scarf with Greek letters was fabulous). In less than ten seconds, every cannonball had been intercepted and tossed back. Most of the monsters (probably the stupider ones) were in such shock that they were hit by their own artillery, and disintegrated on the spot. Others-including big ugly-had caught the incoming projectiles and were prepared to throw them again. Abby raised her arms higher. "That was cool" she muttered. " Do it again ." In a second rush of air, the projectiles and smoke met in mid-flight once more. This time the same effect was induced, but the monsters had gotten used to that. "I don't have time to play catch" Abby grumbled. Her magic (that was the only way she could define what she was doing) was wavering. She stamped her foot in frustration. BOOM! Stones went flying off the pavement in response to her anger, and a shockwave blasted the pink mist back into action. It seized the cannonballs and held them high in the air. "Playtimes over" Abby shouted, and clenched her hands into fists. There was a deafening CRACK as each projectile was crushed flat. Abby held her right hand towards Vincent and Christina, summoning one of their knives into her hand. "HEY" Vincent protested, but Abby paid him no mind. She threw the knife at big ugly's forehead, and it struck just as she had planned, hitting the monster between the eyes. With a roar of pain, big ugly stumbled backward, before crumbling to dust. Abby dealt with his two remaining friends by summoning the knife back into her hand, running straight up to the monsters and slashing through them in two clean strokes, before they even had time to think. They both exploded into dust, which Abby brushed off her jacket then strolled back over to Vincent and handed him his knife, as though what she had just done was completely normal. "Sorry I stole your knife" she offered as he took it from her. "But that was fun ." " Fun " Vincent hissed angrily. "More like suicide ! Are you insane?" "Yes, yes, I am" Abby replied coolly. "Now what?" "How in Hades name did you do that" Christina marveled. "I've never seen anything-" She was cut off by a sound of beating wings from above. Vincent grimaced. "The extraction team is here" he groaned. "Time to decide your fate." Before Abby could say another word, her breath was taken away by the chariot that was landing, pulled by two pegasi. Each of her friends grabbed one of her arms and dragged her towards it, where the extraction team stood waiting. Notes: -Author- I'm so sorry guys! This update took forever, I'm having the worst hiatus of my life, please, please, please forgive me! And, of course, I had to end on a cliffhanger, didn't I? Just making sure that y'all come back for more. Anyhow, the next part should be up soon, if I manage to get back on my regular writing schedule. A thousand apologies for the lateness of this chapter (and possibly the quality, but that's just opinion). See y'all in the next part! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Ultimate Kylo Grace series