One She was nervous. She was a little bit scared. She was excited . Yes, above all else, she was enjoying the rush of adrenaline coursing through her veins at that very moment. She took in a deep cleansing breath, closed her eyes, and then exhaled slowly until all the air in her lungs was expelled. Once her eyes opened up again, a new sense of self washed over her. "I can do this," she muttered to herself, feeding into her budding confidence. In fact, she had done this before. Not once, not twice, but three times already. This was certainly not her first rodeo. So why was she so on edge? Rey shook her head as if to shake off all her uneasiness. A cool autumn breeze brushed past, causing Rey to fold her arms over herself. The chilly air encouraged her to walk through the entrance of the hotel. She had heard that it was a nice hotel, but she had no idea it was this luxurious. A doorman dressed in a pristine white uniform greeted her on the other side. "Welcome to The Peninsula, ma'am," he greeted. A warm smile appeared on the older man's face that made Rey feel at ease despite being in such a sumptuous setting. She gave him a friendly smile in return. "Thank you." Rey took a look around the lobby, amazed at the sight. She admired the polished sheen of the marble floor, which had an intricate black and white design reminiscent of an optical illusion pattern. There were tall white walls that were accented with golden lamps and gold-framed mirrors. The towering white ceiling had a gold covered dome where an oblong crystal chandelier hung from the center. The whole room displayed a sense of sophisticated neutrality. "Is there anything I can help you with, miss?" Rey's attention snapped back to the doorman. She hadn't realized she had been gawking. "I'm sorry! I - I didn't mean to stare," she said as her cheeks flushed red. "It's just so nice!" Her hands gestured over the lobby, as though she were showing it to him for the first time. The doorman chuckled and gave a cordial nod. "I'm uh, visiting someone that's staying here." "Please check in with the front desk straight ahead, miss." He pointed towards the other end of the room. Rey thanked him and made her way over to the lady behind the counter. "Good evening, miss. How may I be of assistance?" A young, pretty blonde woman asked once Rey had approached the desk. Rey glanced at the ID badge displayed over the woman's chest. It read SASHA. "Hello, Sasha," Rey fidgeted with her fingers and scratched her nose. She always did that when she was nervous. "I'm here to visit..." Blast! She forgot his name! "Oh, God! Um, oh wait! I think I have it somewhere here." She dug into the pockets of her trench coat. When she found nothing in them, she reached into her purse and rummaged through the mess she had in there. She was certain she had written it down on that napkin... A-ha! She pulled it out and opened it. Her face scrunched as she read the name aloud, "Kylo Ren." Sasha typed the name into her computer. "Yes, I do see here that he is expecting someone. Your name, please?" Rey was about to give her real name, but she caught herself before she could. She cleared her throat and replied, "Kira. My name is Kira." Sasha looked down at her computer screen. She did not ask for a last name. Instead, she grabbed a small envelope and handed it to Rey. "Mr. Ren is staying in the Peninsula suite. It's on the eighteenth floor, room number 18F. Take the elevator behind me up there. The room is all the way down the hall to the right. Mr. Ren left a key for you to let yourself in." Rey looked down at the envelope, then back up to Sasha's face. "Let myself in? Is he not in the room?" "I'm not sure, miss," she shrugged. "Those were the instructions he left for us." Rey took the envelope from Sasha's outstretched hand. "Alright, well, thank you." "You're welcome," Sasha replied. Rey looked back at her and she could've sworn there was a condemnatory tone to her voice. "Enjoy your evening." Rey gave her a curt nod, then walked towards the elevator. She pressed the button and waited. Enjoy your evening? What an interesting choice of words. The elevator announced its arrival with a ding. Rey was thankful to find that it was empty. She hopped in and hit the button marked “18.” Rey was left alone to her thoughts as the elevator slowly ascended. She couldn't believe that it had already been a month since she first got roped into the world of high end escorting. She chuckled at that word. That's what Jessika Pava called it. Rey had jokingly asked her one day how she could have possibly afford so many nice things whilst being a college student. Rey thought she was going to say that her parents were rich or something like that. Never in a million years would she have guessed the truth. "You really want to know?" Jessika asked, raising one eyebrow. The way she had said that piqued Rey's interest. "You're not doing anything... illegal, are you?" Rey's eyes went wide with horror at the thought. "Well, it depends on which way you look at it," Jessika smirked. "Technically, I don't think it is." This made Rey even more curious. She leaned in closer to her friend and asked in a low voice, "What is it?" Jessika moved in so close into Rey that their faces were mere inches from one another. She glanced at Rey's lips, then stared into her eyes and replied in barely a whisper, "I'm an escort." An escort? But wasn't that just another word for prostitute? Rey thought. She sat up straight and looked around the room to make sure no one was nearby. Jessika did the same. They were, in fact, alone. "I'm sorry, I don't think I quite understand what you're saying," Rey gave Jessika a confused look. "So you're saying you- you're a - I mean that you- you get paid to -" she found herself fumbling over her words, not quite wanting to say out loud her thoughts. Thankfully, Jessika understood what she was trying to say. "I get paid to offer clients my time and companionship," she stated matter- of-factly. Rey narrowed her eyes at that. "Your time and companionship?" "Yeah," Jessika's lips quirked up into a flirty smile. "The sex, well, that comes free." "What?!" Rey yelped in disbelief. She couldn't believe what she was hearing! Her friend was a prostitute! Jessika had sex with complete strangers for money. And she was just sitting here, as cool as a cucumber, as if nothing was wrong. "Oh, come on Rey! Get off that high horse of yours! It's not that different to what we normally do anyway." "What do you mean?" Rey was confused. "I know I've never had sex for money!" "Yes, that's true. But those weekend nights when we go out, get drunk and have one-night stands with random guys. I mean, that's pretty risky behavior, don't you think?" Jessika retorted. Rey pondered at that, and deep down she agreed with her friend. They had made it almost a routine of it lately. Both knew they were headed down a dangerous path if they continued that way. Yet neither acknowledged it until this very moment. Prostitution, though, seemed a much more darker road to tread upon. Rey shook her head. "I'm sorry, but I just don't see how selling yourself is any less riskier. In fact, it seems more dangerous to me." "It isn't! I swear, it's really not, Rey," Jessika reached out and grabbed her hand. "I think you'd think differently if you were to learn more about it." Rey tightened her fingers over Jessika's hand, holding her firmly, but gently. She was so worried for her. When did Jessika start thinking that all this was ok? Did she really need money that bad? What made her cross over into this dark world? "I seriously doubt I would ever change my mind about this," she declared. Rey let out a small laugh at that memory. Boy, had she come a long way. Here she was about to meet with her fourth client already. Looking back now, she completely understood what Jessika had been practically raving about. She found that she quite thoroughly enjoyed being an escort. There was a certain thrill to it - a sense of adventure, mystery, and pleasure all at once. If she had to equate to another experience, it'd be most like riding a roller coaster. At first, there is a sense of dread and panic at the anticipation. The butterflies seem to be fluttering about crazily in your stomach, your throat gets dry and your palms get sweaty as you wait in line for your turn. All this tension building up inside of you as the line slowly moves you forward until finally, finally , it's go time. Suddenly, you are no longer afraid, but excited and confident. You eagerly take your seat, buckle down and enjoy the ride. And man, what a ride it is! Then it's over. You had so much fun and are pumped with adrenaline that you want to do it all over again. That's what escorting was like. It was so delightful that you found yourself craving it, wanting it and asking for it again and again. It was downright addicting. The elevator doors opened up on the 18th floor. Rey stepped out and took a right down the hall. It was a long hallway so she took her time getting to the room. With each step she found herself growing bolder and less skittish. It was at that moment that Rey started to wonder how her client would be like. The three clients she had so far were the "typical client,” according to Unkar Plutt, her madam. Rey cringed at that word. She never liked calling that god- awful woman that. Rey had never truly liked her, even back when Jessika first introduced them to one another. "This is my friend, Rey," Jessika announced once they arrived at the table. A middle-aged, pudgy squat woman was sitting across from where they stood. Her navy blue blouse complemented her short, curly mouse brown hair. Rey didn't know what to make of her, only that she did not look anything like what she had pictured a madam would. Rey thought she oddly resembled a large toad. "Hello, Rey. It is nice to finally meet you. Jessika has told me so much about you. She failed to tell me how beautiful you are, though. I am Unkar," she said in a thick Eastern European accent. She stayed seated as she held out her hand for Rey to take. Her hand was just as chubby as the rest of her body. Rey hesitated for a moment, then remembered herself and shook Unkar's hand. It was moist with sweat. "Hello," she greeted as she withdrew her hand to wipe it on her pants ever so not discreetly. Unkar gave Rey a fake smile. "Please, have a seat Rey," Unkar pointed to the empty chair across her. Rey glanced back at Jessika before taking her seat. "Well, I'll let the two of you get more acquainted. I'll talk to you later, Rey," Jessika said, wrapping her scarf around her neck. Rey quickly grabbed her friend's hand and yanked it back. "You're not staying?" Rey blurted out much more harshly than she had intended. She gave Jessika's hand a tight squeeze in an attempt to communicate to her nonverbally that she didn't want her to leave. Please don't leave me alone with her , Rey thought. "No," Jessika shook her head as she let go of Rey's hand. "I've got somewhere to be, actually." She looked back at Unkar who seemed to know exactly where she needed to be. Rey suddenly felt queasy. Jessika took notice and gave Rey a reassuring pat on the shoulder. "You'll be fine," she said as she bent down to give her a kiss on the cheek. "I'll call you tonight." And with that she was off. Rey couldn't help but stare at her friend's back until she disappeared through the revolving doors of the restaurant. Rey could feel Unkar's eyes on her so she slowly turned back to face the large woman. She still had that fake smile plastered on her face. "I'm sure you have some questions for me," she stated as she placed her napkin across her lap. Rey did the same. "I hope you do not mind, but I took the liberty of ordering for you already." Rey decided that she hated this woman. "I guess I am rather curious about the whole thing," Rey told her. She took a sip of water. "Just curious?" Unkar asked, giving Rey a once over. She could practically see the dollar signs form in Unkar's eyes. "When a girl takes the time to meet with me, it usually means that they are ready to book." "I don't think I'm quite there yet," Rey lied. The truth was that she was ready for this. Jessika had talked her ear off about it nonstop ever since she confessed it to Rey. "You basically get paid to go out on dates," Jessika had told her. "I like getting wined and dined. I love meeting new people. I like having sex. And the money, my God, the money is good ." Rey couldn't think of anything bad to say to that. She liked doing those things, too. And she knew she could use the money. Fuck, she could definitely use the money. College was in no way, shape or form affordable. Tuition was costing her an arm and a leg as it is, not to mention all the other expenses there were, like books, supplies, and of course, food. And those were just the basic necessities. Rey couldn't even remember the last time she bought something for herself that wasn't essential. She had accepted that luxuries just weren't going to happen for her right now. That made her angry. Why should she just live on scraps? Why should she be scavenging to just survive, scraping to just barely get by? All her life she had to do that. Was she doomed to go through the rest of her life that way? No. She had had enough of that. "I do not like people wasting my time, Rey," Unkar said, disrupting Rey's train of thought. The fake smile had been replaced with a tight-lipped one. "What is it you want?" Everything , Rey thought. I want it all . "I want to know that I can trust you. If this is to work, I need to know that," she answered. "Jessika already told me about the basics. What I don't understand is why I need you." Unkar was taken aback with Rey's response. "Well, you are a smart girl, no?" The smirk she gave Rey made her flinch. Unkar did not seem to have noticed. "Good. I like my girls to be intelligent. I have many men who would enjoy that very much." It was then that the waiter had arrived with their entrees. Unkar had ordered salads for the both of them. Rey hated salads. She picked at it, eating only the chicken and leaving the greens. It wasn’t until Unkar had been halfway done with her salad that she spoke up again. “You need me like I need you, Rey,” she told her. “I can not do what you can. You cannot do what I can. It is an equal exchange. Your skills and mine complement one another.” “I think I would be able to find my own clients,” Rey disagreed. “No, you cannot,” Unkar replied. “You do not have the connections that I do. You do not have the reputation that I have spent years to build. I can vet for all my clients. I have screened every single one to make sure they are legitimate. When clients hear my name, they know what I offer: a high quality product. Do not take what I do for granted, Rey. I work very hard to keep my clients and employees happy. That is what keeps the business going. I deserve to be compensated.” “Hmm,” was all Rey could think to say to that. “Think of it this way, Rey,” Unkar’s tone was friendly. “If you were to do this by yourself, you would be spending a lot of time doing my work. Time that could be spent making money instead.” Rey thought about that. It made sense. She knew Unkar was right. She just did not want to admit that to her yet. “I know you find it hard to trust me, Rey. Trust is earned. It will come with time,” Unkar took a sip of her drink. Her trademark smile appeared on her face once more. “You do not work for me. You work with me. You only do whatever you are comfortable with, yes? And, of course, how much you want to get paid. The bottom line is this – if you are unhappy, you leave. There is no contract.” That had made Rey feel so much better about this whole thing. There were no strings attached. If she didn’t like it, she could just quit and that would be that. Rey could not find a reason to not at least give it a try. She didn’t have to like Unkar to be able to work with her. “Tell me more about the clients,” Rey said. Unkar’s eyes lit up. “Most of our clients are middle-aged, white, and married. Most of them are looking for companionship without the drama and hassle of having a mistress. I make sure to match you properly so that you are not only comfortable, but that you also enjoy the experience. If you find it enjoyable, then they will enjoy it more, too,” Unkar explained. Rey hadn’t believed it much back then, but Unkar was right. She did find it enjoyable. She liked meeting these older men, holding intelligent conversations with them, drinking expensive wine and eating fancy meals in upscale restaurants together. She relished at the care and attention these men gave her. It made her feel wanted and desired. The feeling of empowerment each encounter provided was exquisite. She had not found that anywhere else. That is what had brought her to the moment at present. She stood in front of the door of suite 18F with her key card in hand. Rey surmised that the client she was about to meet would be much like her previous ones. Probably a few things about him would be a bit different, but in the end, they always turned out to be pretty much similar. Rey was eager to meet this new person. Biting her lip, she inserted her key into the slot and opened the door as the thrill of the unknown beckoned to her. Chapter 2 : Two Summary: In which Rey meets Kylo Ren and things get a bit heated... Notes: Hey everyone! Just wanted to drop and say I'm glad to hear you guys enjoyed the first chapter! Your comments and kudos give me life and I appreciate every single one of you for reading! Click on the links as you read along to see what Rey's wearing ;) Without further ado, here is chapter two! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren stood in front of the window, looking out at the busy streets of Chicago down below. The city lights illuminated the vibrant nightlife scene as darkness had replaced the light of day. Kylo took a sip of his scotch and looked at his watch. It was a quarter to eight. She would be arriving soon. The rendezvous was scheduled to start at eight. As he came to the realization that he had a little bit of time to kill, he walked over to the corner of the large living area of his suite. He drank the last of his scotch and sat down in the decorative white armchair there, letting out a big sigh. He couldn’t believe he was actually going through with this. Damn that bastard Hux , Kylo cursed inwardly. It had been Hux that convinced him to do this after maybe one too many drinks. “Today was goddamn awful,” Armitage Hux remarked as he gulped down some brandy. Kylo Ren and his associate were lounging at an upscale bar after a particularly heinous day of meetings and debriefings. “I could really use a good lay tonight.” “Too bad you don’t have a girlfriend,” Kylo retorted, glancing sideways at his cohort. “You don’t need a girlfriend to get laid, Kylo,” Hux answered back. “There are… other ways.” He had leaned in closer to whisper the last part. His breath reeked of alcohol. “Well good luck finding someone willing to have a one night stand with you on such short notice,” Kylo replied, scooting a little further away from his close proximity. “It’s actually quite easy to find someone,” Hux told him, leaning back a bit. “If you’re willing to pay for it.” Kylo grimaced at his words. Hux took notice of his disgust and raised an eyebrow. “Seriously, you’ve never paid for it?” Hux asked smugly. “No, Hux, I haven’t,” Kylo admitted sharply. “Not everyone is as perverted as you.” “Perverted? On the contrary, my friend, it’s quite the religious experience,” Hux stated with a cheeky grin. “What an interesting choice of words,” Kylo answered in a deadpan tone. “And don’t call me that. I’m not your friend.” Hux playfully slapped Kylo on the shoulder. Kylo glared at him. The alcohol was making Hux a bit more intrepid than usual. “Look, I know we’re not friends, but I like to think there’s mutual respect between us,” Hux said. Kylo gave him a curt nod in agreement. “Good. Let me order us another round.” The men sat in silence while they waited for their drinks to arrive. When the bartender handed them their glasses, Hux drank a big swig of his and then turned to look back at Kylo. “I’m not talking about nasty hookers from the street who’ve been God-knows-where and probably laden with diseases,” Hux said, looking up and down at his coworker. “I’m talking about an elegant, refined beautiful young woman who can actually hold an intelligent conversation with you. But not only that, they are also well versed in all things pleasure. These girls are basically the caviar of all the prostitutes.” “Hmm,” Kylo grunted. The thought of having to pay someone to be intimate with him was appalling to him. He couldn’t imagine he would obtain any fulfillment from doing that. In fact, he believed it would leave him with immense shame and guilt. He surmised he’d probablyfeel more emptiness and despondency on top of what he already felt on a daily basis. “Listen,” Hux interjected, removing Kylo away from his thoughts. “I hear you’re traveling to Chicago next week.” Hux stuck his finger out at him and tapped Kylo’s chest. Kylo tried to contain his ire at his associate’s overweening contact. He drank his scotch in an effort to bury his contempt. “Let me book you a girl,” Hux slurred his words. Kylo’s eyes had widened in shock. “My treat! Seriously, I know this awesome madam. Her girls never disappoint me.” Kylo just glared back at his redheaded colleague. Hux was an insistent son-of-a-bitch sober, he’d be twice as much drunk. Kylo knew he was not going to let this go. He sighed deeply and shook his head in defeat. “If I agree to this, do you promise not to talk about it ever again?” he asked. Hux beamed as he lazily bounced his head up and down. He dragged his fingers across his mouth, closing an invisible zipper. “My lips are sealed,” Hux replied as a satisfied grin appeared on his face. “Ok, fine then! Do it,” Kylo did not know if it was the alcohol or the longing for silence from his colleague, but he reluctantly conceded. “Just shut up about it! I don’t want to hear anymore, understand?” Hux patted Kylo’s shoulder rather brusquely. Kylo scowled at him as he shrugged his hand off of him. “You will not regret it, I swear,” Hux said as he stood to leave. “Don’t you worry, I got it all covered.” He left cash for the check, hiccupping as he staggered away from the bar. Kylo stared at him until he had disappeared out onto the streets of Manhattan. “Fucking prick,” Kylo muttered to himself at the recollection. He had wanted very much to cancel this… meeting. His mind had remained unchanged – he still viewed this whole business as abhorrent. Yet there was a part of him – a small part – that liked the prospect of meeting someone. Granted, it was an unorthodox way of doing it, but it at least offered the opportunity to Kylo. He knew that he wasn’t a particularly social or amenable person. In fact, he could be downright horrid at times. Ok, so he could be downright horrid most of the time. It was because of that in combination with the nature of Kylo’s work that resulted in him being a pretty lonely man. His job caused him to travel a considerable amount throughout the year. He was estranged from his family. It had been years since they last spoke to one another. Kylo also had no real friends. Most people were terrified of him and his temper. Hux was the only exception. He had been able to somehow form a working relationship with him. Though he did not always find it an enjoyable experience, Hux was able to deal with the taciturn man. Kylo had a couple of relationships in the past. All of them ended disastrously. In the end, the women always blamed him for not putting forth any effort. They accused him of being too engulfed in his work, travel and himself to pay them any attention. The truth of the matter was that Kylo never really cared for any of them.He had never been in love and honestly did not think he was even capable of it. So how could he expect anyone else to love him back? No, he gave up on that foolish nonsense some time ago. Of course, a man still had certain needs . “Fuck it,” Kylo cursed out loud. Technically, it wasn’t him that was paying the escort for her services so he should feel better about taking advantage of this rare opportunity. He let out a deep sigh, shaking his head as he came to the realization that that did not make him feel any better. What am I doing? he thought to himself. I can’t go through with this. He whipped out his phone to call Hux to have him call off the whole thing when he heard the door to his suite open. Kylo stayed seated and looked towards the entrance. From where he was sitting, it allowed him a vantage point where he could stay hidden from the woman’s sight. She came into full view as she made her way closer into the lobby. Kylo gazed at her, slowly taking her in from top to bottom. There was something familiar about her, almost like he had dreamt of her before. She was a tall brunette that seemed to be in her early twenties. Her hair came down in waves and reached just below her shoulders. She wore a long beige trench coat with nude high-‐heeled pumps. Kylo idly wondered if she was wearing anything underneath her coat. He moved his head from side to side to shake off his salacious thought. Kylo was frozen in his seat, in awe of the girl as she was examining her surroundings. Her youthful face was radiant and glowing, almost like she was emitting light from within. Kylo was stunned in wonder of her. She was the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen. ___ Rey gaped at the lobby of the suite she had entered.She noticed the black marble floor lent the room an opulent feel. The artwork hanging on the brown suede walls caught her attention, making her walk towards them to take a closer look. The three paintings were stunning in color and texture. She continued to walk past them through the open glass French doors that led to a large living room. Her eyes wandered throughout the room until she reached the far corner, where a man dressed in an all‐ black suit was seated. Rey let out a small gasp in surprise. “Forgive me. I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said while he stood from his chair. Rey noticed when he put away the phone that was in his hand. She noticed that his hands were quite large. In fact, his whole body was large. The man was very tall. Rey gave him a confused look. He was nothing like she had expected. Her eyes blinked rapidly as she scrutinized him further. She was surprised at the fact that he was young. All her past clients had been in their fifties, but Rey didn’t think this man was a day over thirty. His face was interesting to Rey as well. His nose was sharp and a tad too large for his face, but complemented his high cheekbones and sharp jawline. His shoulder length jet‐black hair was impeccably coiffed. Rey felt a sudden urge to run her fingers through it. He was a bit brooding, perhaps, but rather handsome in an unconventional way. Rey realized she had been staring for a while. She cleared her throat in an attempt to collect herself. "You didn't scare me. I was just surprised," she replied with a smile. She could have sworn she heard him gasp. "I'm Kira. I assume you're Kylo Ren?" she asked in a fake British accent that she donned with that persona. "Yes, I am Kylo Ren," he announced. Kylo took a couple long strides forward until he was a couple of inches away from Rey. "May I take your coat?" "Yes, you may," she nodded. She turned around and unbuttoned her coat. When she was done, she felt his hands on her shoulders. He lingered there for a moment and she reveled at the physical contact. Rey was slightly disappointed when his hands disappeared as he slid off her coat. She turned back to face Kylo. He was staring down at her dress. It was a form‐fitting sleeveless rose-colored Herve Leger bandage dress . Rey had an athletic build, but this dress hugged her body in a manner that gave her frame a more feminine flare. It also displayed a coy amount of skin on her back and chest area. It was the first big purchase she made with her first paycheck. She felt the dress made her feel elegant yet sexy at the same time. It carried a hefty price tag, though. It had cost her a little over a grand but she thought it a savvy purchase. Especially after having seen the way Kylo was ogling at her in it. Worth every penny , she thought as she saw Kylo continue to gaze at her. Rey peered up into his eyes. They were dark, filled with a carnal desire. He finally looked back up into Rey's eyes. Kylo's cheeks flushed red as he realized he had been gaping at her for a bit too long. Rey gave him a flirty smile, letting him know that she did not mind the attention at all. He took a step back and motioned towards his right. "Please follow me," he said as he regained his composure and led Rey to the dining room. She trailed behind him until they arrived at the large room where there was a long rectangular maple brown dining table with six ivory tufted chairs. It fit in well with the rest of room's luxurious decor. Kylo pulled back a chair that was adjacent to the head of the table for her. "Thank you," Rey said as she sat down while Kylo took the seat to her left. She was able to examine him a bit more now that he was close. Oh yeah, he's definitely attractive , she admitted to herself. Rey had never experienced this type of attraction to anyone ever before. It left her feeling somewhat unsettled. She also thought there was something more about him. Rey couldn't quite place it, but it was almost a sense of familiarity. Where had she seen him before? She looked down at his hands and noted the absence of a wedding band. That was strange to Rey since all of her past clients were married. None of them had felt the need to remove their ring in her presence.It made Rey wonder about his marital status. She didn't want him to notice any of her scrutiny so she buried her thoughts and feelings deep inside and put on her Kira mask. "I thought we could have some dinner first," he told her. "I figured it'd be more private here than at a restaurant." "That sounds nice," Rey agreed. She looked down at her stomach and chuckled. "I am actually hungry." "Great," Kylo replied rather brusquely. "I did not order anything yet since I wasn't sure what you liked. Is there anything in particular you want to eat?" Rey found it amusing that he was being so chivalrous. She liked that about him. "I think I'm in the mood for some good old chicken," she answered him. He quirked up an eyebrow at her response. "Chicken?" he repeated, incredulous of her simple request. "You wouldn't rather have some seafood? I hear they have a really delicious Chilean sea bass here." Rey playfully shook her head at his suggestion. She hated seafood, especially fish. "No, thanks," she giggled. "I'd much rather have chicken." Rey smirked flirtatiously as she ran her hand through her hair. Kylo's face was impassive, but Rey swore she saw his upper lip twitch up ever so slightly. "Alright, Kira, chicken it is." He pulled out his phone and dialed a number. He looked away from her as he was placing his order. Rey noticed he kept biting his lip and running his fingers through his hair. She thought it was an endearing tic. Their eyes met a couple times when Kylo made quick glances her way. He hastily looked away each time they made eye contact. He's nervous , Rey thought. She racked her brain trying to figure out what could be causing his uneasiness. It couldn't have been Rey. She was a nobody and in no way, shape or form was she intimidating. At least Rey didn't think so. She thought she was being friendly enough, coquettish even. It did not make any sense to her. Suddenly, an idea occurred to her. She got up from her chair and walked over towards Kylo. He was surprised at her action, but remained on his phone. She then went behind him and started to rub his shoulders. "You're so tense," she bent down so that her head was near his. "Let's see what I can do to help with that," Rey whispered into his ear while firmly kneading her fingers on him. She continued to massage him until she felt his body slowly relax under her touch. "That's better, Mr. Ren," she cooed, her lips still mere inches away from his ear. Kylo could feel her hot breath on his ears making his whole body shudder. Rey relished at the effect she had on him. It made her feel powerful, invincible even. This was why she loved being an escort. That rush was incomparable to anything else she had ever experienced and it was downright addictive. Armed with audaciousness, she stopped her massage and moved to be in front of him. His face was unreadable, but this time his eyes didn’t look away from her. She didn't blink as she moved to sit in his lap. The tight dress did not allow her long legs to move much so she draped them over his left side. She pivoted her waist slightly to the left in order to face him. Kylo put away his phone so that his large hands could grab at her waist. Instinctively, Rey wrapped her fingers around the lapels of his jacket. "Umm," Kylo muttered incomprehensively. All words seemed to have escaped him in that moment. "Yes?" Rey panted as her eyes skimmed all over his face, taking in every detail. The temperature in the room felt like it had risen several degrees. Rey felt a bead of sweat form at the back of her neck. Kylo's breathing became erratic, betraying the stony look on his face. Her breath hitched in her throat when he licked his lips. Up close she noticed they were pink and perfectly plump. She wondered what it'd be like to kiss them... Kylo noticed her start to lean forward. He gulped as he realized what her intention was. Panicked, he swiftly moved his left arm under her knees and stood to his full height. Surprised, Rey wrapped her arms around his neck, letting out a sharp gasp. He then carried her slowly back over to her chair, still maintaining eye contact. Neither one dared, or wanted, to tear away from the other's gaze. Kylo set her back down gently into her seat. Rey let go of him once the chair touched her bottom. He then did the most curious thing. Rey watched him kneel on his right knee in front of her, placing a hand on each side of her seat. She saw that he was careful not to make any physical contact with her. "Tell me about yourself," he finally said to her. Rey gave him a skeptical look. "What?" she asked, blinking at him a couple times in confusion. "Tell me about yourself," Kylo repeated. His dark eyes peered up at her, pleading as he stayed on his bent knee. "I want to know about you." About me? Rey thought. Why the hell would he want to know about me? "I'm whoever you want me to be," she teased flirtatiously, looking down at his submissive pose. Kylo chortled at her quip. Rey couldn't decide if the laughter was because he was amused or angry. "I'd like for you to be you," he told her, still on his knee and looking up at her. Rey furrowed her brows. What does he want from me? My life story? Oh, I'll give him a story all right . "I'm originally from a small town in the English countryside," Rey started to tell him, blurting out whatever lie first came to mind. "I moved here to Chicago as part of a foreign exchange program at my uni. I fell in love with the city and didn't want to go back. I couldn't find a reason not to stay, so I did. I quit school, got a job at the company I was interning with, and I don't regret anything." "Hmm," Kylo mused, pursing his lips. He was pensive. "What about your family?" "I have no family," Rey replied truthfully. She immediately regretted her answer when she saw Kylo raise an eyebrow at her. "No family?" Kylo asked incredulously. "At all?" His head tilted to the side, narrowing his eyes. "I mean, uh, that -‐ well … I mean -‐ I meant that -‐ that," Rey stuttered over her words. Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, at a loss as to what to say. In that moment she had wished the ground would open up underneath and swallow her whole. Kylo was still staring at her, waiting for her to give an answer. He noticed how uncomfortable she had become and he disliked seeing her like that. Perhaps the subject matter was too personal? Kylo knew all too well how family could be a soft spot for someone to talk about. He rose to his full height and cleared his throat. He shook his head as if to remove all his compassion for her away. Why should he feel anything for this girl? She didn't like him, not really. She was only here because she was getting paid to do so. Getting paid to pretend to like him. That fact made him angry, especially with himself for allowing this whole charade to happen. "I don't even know why I bothered asking," he looked down at her, his hands on his hips. "All you're going to tell me are lies, anyway." Rey took offense and scoffed at him. It was true she was lying, but he had quite the nerve to make that accusation. It didn't sit well with Rey. In fact, it made her veins boil. "How dare you call me a liar?" she yelled, standing up from her chair. Rey stuck her chin out in a defiant manner. "You don't know abloody thing about me!" Kylo chuckled, crossing his arms in a smug fashion. As Kylo looked down on her, his mouth curled into a haughty smirk. It made Rey want to hit him. "I know that you're not from the English countryside, as you claim," he started. "You say that, but your accent says different. I've been to London on numerous occasions so I know a London accent when I hear one. Yours is that one." "Well, perhaps," Rey started to say as she took a step closer, her chin still sticking out in frowardness, "I was born in the countryside, but raised in London. Did you think about that possibility?" Rey placed a hand on her hip. She was proud at how quick she was able to recover. Kylo's hand went to scratch his chin, contemplating her words. "Perhaps ... but that is not what you first said," he countered. "Now you've changed your answer, so I'm disinclined to believe anything you have said or will say." Rey snarled at that. She didn't know why it irritated her so much, but this whole stupid argument bothered her. Maybe it was his sudden arrogance she found distasteful. Maybe it was because she didn't want to be bested by him. Or maybe, just maybe, she personally was attracted to him and wanted him to be attracted to her as well. Rey had never experienced this yearning before. She wanted - no, needed ‐ her feelings to be reciprocated. She had always viewed men and people in general with apathy. They were not really worth investing her time or feelings into. She used them to get what she needed, whether for pleasure or goods, and then quickly disposed of them once she got what she wanted. Rey had never required or desired anything more than superficiality in her relationships. But for whatever reason, it was different with Kylo. She longed for more. The realization left her in a great deal of confusion. "Can you even tell me the name of the city you were "born" in?" Kylo asked, interrupting her thoughts. He had used his fingers to make air quotes. The obnoxious gesture really pissed Rey off. "Cheshire," she blurted without a beat. She remembered reading about Daniel Craig's hometown somewhere before. Thank goodness for trivial knowledge. "I was born in Cheshire." Rey couldn't hide her smugness. She crossed her arms, mirroring Kylo's posture. "Hmm," was all Kylo replied. "Is there anything else you wish to know, Mr. Ren?" Rey bore into his eyes. He returned her stare with an equally intense gaze. They both realized at the same time how close they were to each other. Rey could smell the sweet, yet musky notes of his cologne. It was a heady mix that made Rey want to wrap her arms around his tremendous frame and press her body against his. From the way his breathing became, Rey suspected Kylo wouldn't mind if she did. Instead she took some steps back and sat down with her arms still crossed. Kylo blinked a couple times once the tensile moment passed. He shrugged, his pompous demeanor returning as he walked back over to his seat. Kylo stood at the back of his chair, resting his crossed arms on it. "What happened to your family?" he asked, narrowing his eyes. "You said you have none. Is that true?" Rey turned her head to look away. Many awful memories of her childhood came flooding into her mind. Her eyes filled up with tears. She tried with all her might to hold them back, but some escaped unbidden. She winced as she felt the wet coolness roll down her cheeks. "Yes, it's true," she answered in a barely audible whisper. She did not know why she was being honest. She was losing control and she didn't like that. She sniffed loudly and wiped at her eyes, careful not to smudge her mascara. "But I don't want to talk about it." Seeing her cry had pulled at Kylo's heartstrings. He felt a strong urge to run over to her and pull her into his arms. He wanted to comfort her very badly. But then he remembered that she wasn't just any girl he'd simply met someplace. She was an escort being paid for her services. Who's to say that she was not lying about this as well? He could not and would not trust her, even though every fiber of his being wanted to. So he decided to press on further to try to get her to admit that this was all some sort of ruse. He wanted the reality of who she was to replace the fantasy he was indulging in. "Don't be afraid," the words left his mouth before his brain could register. "I feel it, too. My family is a... difficult subject for me as well." Kylo was surprised at his veracity. He had never spoken to anyone about this. Why was he telling her this? Rey didn't turn to look at him but her eyes shot a glance his way. He seemed concerned and Rey wanted to open up to him. But that would put her in a very vulnerable position. She was not weak. She was strong. She never needed anyone before so why start now? No, she couldn't give in. Besides, it's not like he really cared about her. He probably just said that to mock her anyway. "No, I'm not telling you anything," she spat as every muscle in her body tightened. "And I'm not afraid. It's you who's afraid." "What?" Kylo hissed. He couldn't believe her audacity. How dare she speak to him like that? Did she even know whom she was dealing with? If she didn't, she would know soon enough. "I'm afraid? Of what? You? You're just a fucking whore, why would I be scared of you?" Rey gasped, her jaw hitting the floor in shock. Her eyes were as wide as saucers as she turned to look at him. Rey only saw red as she slowly uncrossed her arms and stood from her seat. She stomped over to where Kylo was standing, her hands clenching at her side. He had uncrossed his arms and turned to face her, giving her another once over. Christ, she really is stunning , he thought. He was lost in taking her in when he felt a blunt force hit the right side of his face. Rey's hand had come up in an uppercut that punched his face. He momentarily lost his balance. Kylo tried to quickly regain his composure when he felt a sharp stinging sensation on his right cheek. His hand went to investigate the pain and he came away with red, sticky fingers. He was bleeding. Kylo glanced at her hand, noticing a uniquely designed ring on her finger. "And you're a fucking asshole," she hissed back furiously. Rey saw him look back at her in what she could only describe as... awe? She did not dwell on it as she shoved past him and stormed towards the entrance. Kylo wanted to stop her. He felt an intense urge to grab her by thearm and plead her to stay, but he didn't. Instead he watched her grab her coat and purse to leave. "Don't worry! I'll make sure you get paid for your time!" he called out with disdain after her. Even Kylo was surprised at his nastiness. "Oh, fuck you!" she screamed, not bothering to stop or look back his way. Her heels clacked loudly when she reached the marble floor of the suite's lobby. When she got to the door, she hesitated to turn the handle. She could feel that he was behind her. She waited for a moment to see if he would say something. Anything. But he never did. "Ugh!" she let out an exasperated groan as she rolled her eyes. She opened the door and was shocked to find a man in a white uniform on the other side, pushing an elegant cart with two silver dome covered plates on top. "Your dinner, miss," the man announced as he gestured over the cart. A waft of rosemary and butter hit her nostrils. It smelled delicious. It was a shame she wouldn't be able to enjoy it. "I'm sure he'll enjoy his dinner very much," Rey said to the man as she rushed passed him and down the hall. She whacked the DOWN button as soon as she reached the elevator. Rey was beyond ecstatic when she saw the doors immediately open. She jumped into the elevator and persistently pressed on the CLOSE DOOR button. "Thank God," Rey breathed out once the elevator doors closed. She was grateful to be alone so she could let out a frustrated yell. "Aargh!" Rey paced around the elevator hoping to diffuse some of her anger out into the small space. "Bastard!" Her ears were hot, her cheeks flushed and her nose crinkled up in frustration. The blood rushing through her veins had gone past boiling -‐ it was basically lava at this point. She ran out of the elevator once it reached the first floor and headed towards the exit. The same doorman from earlier was still there and held the door open as she bolted outside. The cool autumn wind hit her body like an ice cold bath. Goosebumps began to prickle her arms and legs. She hadn't bothered to put her coat on, wanting to feel the coolness of the air on her skin. She thought it would help calm her down. What was that all about? Rey knew she had reacted irrationally. She wished she hadn't let her anger get the best of her. She wanted to go back and pretend like nothing happened. Once she met Kylo she had actually been looking forward to the rest of the evening. It was going so well until he started interrogating her and acting like a prick. "Well, that didn't go at all the way I thought it would," she said to herself as she sighed with resignation. Her anger hadn't completely dissipated, but it was much better. Rey suddenly became aware that that wasn’t the only emotion she was feeling. "Great!" she groaned sarcastically. "Now I'm pissed and horny." She let out a disgruntled chuckle. Rey reluctantly hailed a cab and rode in silent chagrin all the way home. ____ "Oh, hey, you're home early," Jessika remarked once Rey arrived home. She was sitting in the living room reading over her notes. They had recently decided to lease a two‐bedroom apartment since they could afford it now with their combined income. It was way better than living in those craptastic apartments on campus. "How'd it go?" Rey headed straight to the cabinets in the kitchen. She searched through them until she spotted some cheap vodka. The garbage will do . Rey poured herself a small glass and drank it rather hastily. Her face scrunched up as she felt the burning liquid go down her throat. "I don't want to talk about it," Rey finally answered once she finished her drink. "I'd much rather do something else." Jessika raised an inquisitive brow as she walked over to her. She sat down next to her and grabbed her hand, caressing it with her fingers. Jessika blushed when she saw Rey’s flirty grin. “Come here,” Rey commanded as she pulled her friend from the couch. Jessika put aside her notes, not hesitating to follow Rey lead them into her bedroom. As she closed the door behind them, she decided that Jessika could help resolve at least one of her frustrations. Notes: *clears throat* well then... o.O oh come on, guys! this IS Rey and Kylo Ren we're talking about here! they were bound to have a fight, especially with their first meeting :P as always, thank you for reading! i'd love to hear from you guys so leave me a comment if you can... it helps to motivate me to keep writing :D Chapter 3 : Three Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey woke the next morning with Jessika laying beside her. She blinked and rubbed her eyes, turning over to look at the clock on her bedside table. It read 8:03 AM. "Shit!" she cursed as she sprang out of bed. The concupiscent activities she engaged in with Jessika the previous night had made her forget to set her alarm for class. She hastily put on underwear, a pair of skinny jeans and a white t-shirt that looked clean. Sprinting to the bathroom, she vigorously brushed her teeth and then splashed her face with cold water. It didn't do much to adequately clean her face, but it would have to do. Rey put her hair up in a high messy bun, then grabbed her phone, book bag and stuffed a granola bar in her pocket as she raced out of her apartment. Once she arrived at the entrance to the lecture hall, she stopped briefly to peek into the room. Rey wanted to go in as inconspicuously as possible. She breathed a sigh of relief when she noticed the professor's back was to the class writing on the board. Rey snuck in and took the nearest open seat in the back row. Whew! Rey thought. I'm late, but she didn't notice . She munched on her granola bar as she raked through her book bag to get her notebook out when she felt a vibration come from her phone. She grabbed it, glancing at the screen. It was a text from Unkar. "Ugh!" She let out a disgruntled groan that was more audible than she had intended it to be. Several people turned to look back at her, including the professor. “Sorry,” Rey mouthed, apologizing to the class. The professor gave Rey a disapproving look as she continued on with her lecture. Once the attention had shifted off of her, Rey went to swipe at her screen to read the message, but then decided against it. She can wait , she thought unapologetically. Rey tossed her phone back into her book bag and grabbed her notebook. She listened intently as she jotted down notes when she heard several vibrations in a row. Rey ignored it, focusing her attention on the lecture instead. Several minutes passed by and the lecture seemed to get more tedious with each second. Boredom started to take hold when Rey's curiosity got the better of her. Reaching into her bag, she yanked her phone out and immediately swiped at her screen. She had two unread texts and a voicemail. Rey opened the text messages first. We need to talk ASAP. When can you meet with me? Call me now. THIS IS URGENT! “Oh, great,” Rey muttered under her breath. She knew exactly what this was about. Unkar had most likely not been paid her share from last night's appointment since Rey had been unable to complete her ... task. She was going to be pissed and the thought of that made Rey inexplicably delighted. Class would be over soon. Unkar could wait. A smug smile appeared on her lips as she shifted her attention back to her professor and resumed scribbling down notes. Rey was outside after class had been dismissed when she whipped out her phone to call Unkar. She realized that she never listened to the voicemail that was left so she decided to give that a listen first. She was surprised to find that it was from Jess. “Hey, Rey! Unkar is here at the apartment. She says she really needs to talk to you. I have to go to class, but I let her in. She says she'll wait for you to come back. So yeah... she's here.” Rey then heard Jessika’s voice drop down several decibels into a barely audible whisper. “Shit Rey, what's going on? I've never had Unkar make a house call before. I hope everything is ok.” Then she resumed her normal tone of voice. “Umm, so I guess I'll see you later tonight? Ok, bye!” Rey was dumbfounded. What was so damn important that Unkar had to come to the apartment? Did she want to scold Rey personally or something? She couldn't just do it over the phone? Rey racked her brain for an answer while hurriedly making her way back home. Perhaps Kylo Ren decided to press charges against her for assault? Or was it battery? I mean, I did fucking deck him , she thought as she quickened her pace. And I made him bleed. The memory of the previous night’s events came rushing back all at once. Her fists clenched at her sides as her nimble steps turned into heavy stomps. Serves him right - that bastard! He's lucky that I only hit him once. Rey decided to use a taxi in order to reach her place sooner. It wasn’t because she did not want to keep Unkar waiting. No, she could wait until hell froze over for all Rey cared. She just couldn't stand the thought of that horrible woman being inside her living space. She’d be sitting on her furniture, touching her things, breathing her air... No, it just didn't sit well with Rey. Her body stiffened at the thought. She wanted Unkar to get the hell out of there as soon as possible. Once Rey reached the door to her apartment, she hesitated. She had no idea what to say to Unkar about what happened last night. Hell, Rey wasn't even exactly sure what did happen. And then a horrifying thought crept its way into her brain. What if Unkar wants to fire me? It made Rey's stomach turn and she suddenly felt nauseous. While she hated the woman, she actually did like her job. The money was good, too. So good. Rey had barely gotten a taste of it all. It would be disastrous if she were to be let go. It would definitely suck , she thought to herself, but I would survive. I've done it before and I can do it again . But she was tired of just surviving. She wanted to do more than that. She wanted to live. She wanted to thrive . With a resigned sigh, she opened the door and entered to see Unkar Plutt sitting peacefully in the living room. She was wearing a hideous beige-colored pantsuit that made her look like a human blowfish. Rey tried to stifle the laughter that started to form at the base of her throat, but a chortle slipped through. Unkar gave Rey a quizzical look. "What is so funny?" she asked Rey, her eyebrows furrowing. "Nothing," Rey replied blankly. Her face became stoic as she approached Unkar. She went to sit next to her on the couch, trying desperately to show indifference. Rey thought she was doing a pretty good job until Unkar reached out to place a hand on her knee. Instinctively, Rey brushed off her hand and scooted a bit further away from her. "I think I know what this is about," Rey blurted out, trying to distract Unkar from her abrasive motion. "Oh?" Unkar trilled, placing her hands in her huge lap. "Yes." Rey avoided Unkar's gaze, choosing to focus her attention on her fumbling fingers instead. "It has to do with Kylo Ren, right?" Unkar didn't say anything. The lack of response made Rey look up at her to find that she was nodding in agreement. Her face was devoid of any emotion. She couldn't tell if she was pissed or not. The last thing Rey wanted to do was apologize. She truly believed she had done nothing wrong. That asshole deserved what he got and more. Unfortunately, she knew she would have to offer one if she wanted to remain employed. "I'm sorry," Rey whispered reluctantly. Unkar crossed her arms and stared at Rey. "Sorry?" she repeated with an incredulous inflection in her voice. "Yes! I'm sorry about last night, ok?" Rey threw her hands in the air, exasperated. "I don't know what came over me, but I won't do it again. I promise!" Unkar closed her eyes and shook her head. When she opened her eyes again, she had the most confused expression spread across her face. "Rey, I have no idea what you are talking about," she told her. Now it was Rey's turn to be perplexed. "B-but you - you said," Rey stuttered as her hands waved about. "You said this - this was about - about Kylo Ren." "Yes, it is about him," Unkar announced happily. "I came to tell you that he wants to book you for his whole stay in Chicago." What? Rey was shocked, unable to form any coherent thoughts at the moment. Her mind had gone completely blank. Rey blinked several times as she looked at the smile starting to form on Unkar's lips. "I - I don't understand," Rey's fingers went up to scratch her head. "What?" "Mr. Ren contacted me early this morning," Unkar started to explain. "He wanted to book you starting today until Monday, when he goes back home. I told him that you already had appointments scheduled for this weekend." Unkar fished her phone out of her purse. "So then he told me that he would pay double the rate to cancel your other clients. And," she was typing on her phone, then turned it so Rey could see the screen, "he also offered each of us a generous bonus to make up for the short notice." Rey looked down at Unkar's phone. It was a text message from Kylo Ren: I will pay her $10,000 extra for the inconvenience. I can give half today and the other half on Monday when I leave. I can compensate you as well for helping with this arrangement. The amount is negotiable. Please let me know as soon as possible if she is agreeable to this. I would like her to meet me at my hotel room today at 12:30pm. When Rey read the amount that was offered, her jaw hit the floor. Her eyes widened as she clapped a hand over her open mouth. Ten thousand dollars??!! Rey's mind was racing at a hundred miles per hour. How could this be? It made absolutely no fucking sense. "I thought he hated me," she muttered to herself. Unkar heard her and started to laugh. "Well, it looks like you did something right." Rey turned towards her and gave her a sarcastic smile. She began to wonder how much Unkar knew about what happened last night. Rey sat up straight in an effort to regain her composure. "Did he say anything to you? About last night?" she decided to ask. Rey watched as Unkar twisted her mouth in disgust. "Uh, no," Unkar replied as her lips turned up into a sneer. "What you and the client do is no concern of mine. Nor do I wish to know." Unkar rose from her seat and stood over Rey. "So do you accept this booking? As you can see, he needs a response soon." Rey didn't know what to say. This was all so damn weird and unexpected. On the one hand, she'd be insane not to take this. It was a lot of money - more money than she ever had in all her life. Rey honestly thought she would never get an opportunity like this again. It was obvious that Unkar had never dealt with this type of situation before. She even came personally to deliver the news. But on the other hand, she would have to be with that condescending bastard for the whole weekend. Did she really want to deal with his pompous ass? They couldn't even last a night together, how could she possibly think she could endure a whole weekend with him? It seemed like the perfect recipe for a disaster. Do it , a small dark voice within told her. You could use the money. And you can't deny that you are attracted to him, despite him being a jerk and all. Do it. Say yes . She stood to be at eye level with Unkar while taking a deep breath in. When she exhaled, she imagined blowing away any apprehension she felt towards the situation until there was nothing left but an unwavering resolve. "Tell Mr. Ren that I accept his offer and that I’ll be at the hotel at 12:30." Unkar clapped her hands to her chest and for the very first time Rey saw a genuine smile form on her lips. "That's a good girl," Unkar said while beaming at her. Rey resisted the urge to grimace. She started to walk towards the door hoping to not-so- subtly let Unkar know it was time to leave. "Ok, so I should probably start getting ready," Rey opened the door for Unkar. "You'll transfer the money into my bank account, right?" Unkar slowly waddled her way over to her. "Yes, I will transfer it as soon as he gives it to me." "Great!" Rey replied, standing by the door while tapping her foot. "If you need anything, Rey, anything at all, you let me know," Unkar told her as she wobbled over the threshold. "Alright, I will," Rey answered her back impatiently. "Good-bye, Rey," she bid farewell as she walked out of her apartment. Rey was about to close the door right behind her when Unkar stopped to look back at her. "Enjoy your weekend," she said to Rey with a smirk. Rey gave her a curt nod then quickly shut the door. She rested her head on the door and closed her eyes. Her knees seemed like they would give at any moment and Rey started to feel a knot start to form in her stomach. Fuck me , she thought to herself. I can't believe I'm actually going to do this . Rey glanced at her watch. She had a little over an hour until she was supposed to meet with Kylo Ren. She decided that was definitely not enough time to mentally prepare, but there was nothing she could do about it. "I can do this," Rey encouraged herself. "I can do this." Feeling a bit more sanguine, she walked over to her room and started to pack a duffel bag. Maybe it won't be so bad , she thought. I mean, he was a total gentleman when I first met him. He only started acting like a dick when he thought I was lying to him, which technically I was. And why would he want to book me? I didn't even do anything with him. Except beat the shit out of him. Oh God, what if he's into that? What if he's a masochist? But if he was, then why did he let me leave? He seemed terribly shy at first, too. Like as if he's never done this type of thing before. Maybe that's it? "Ugh," Rey groaned as a million different thoughts continued to go through her brain. After she spent a good amount of time contemplating Kylo Ren, she came to accept the fact that the man was an enigma and she would probably never truly figure him out. Once she had finished packing, she emailed her professors to notify them of her absence from class that day. Then she texted Jessika to let her know she’d be gone. Rey took one last look around the apartment. Once she was sure everything was in order, Rey locked up behind her and made her way over to The Peninsula hotel. Here goes nothing. _________________________________________________________________________________________________ Kylo had just arrived back to his suite when he heard a ding-ding coming from his phone. He saw that it was a new text message from Unkar Plutt. His heart started to race as he read it aloud: Kira has accepted your offer. She says she will meet you as requested. As for my compensation, I typically take 20% of what my employees make. As such, I request Kylo didn't read or frankly cared about the rest of the message. Kira had accepted . He ran a hand through his hair and started to pace back and forth through the lobby of his suite. His hands started to get clammy and his heart pounded loudly in his ears. He didn't know why but when Kira left last night, he felt an intense aching hole burning in his chest. Kylo had never acknowledged its existence before. In fact, he had done a good job of ignoring it most of his life. He even thought he had come to a point where he was numb to it. Until he felt the dull ache resurface with a vengeance when Kira walked out the door. It did not make any sense, Kylo knew. There was no logical reasoning behind any of it, but for a brief moment, he had felt that it was filled. It was as if she was a light that could pierce through his darkened core. Yes, that was it. She was a light that drew him in, like a moth to a flame. He knew it was irrational, but Kylo needed her by his side. He was unable to sleep all night long, perturbed by her absence. Yes, he knew how it sounded. He knew this seemed obsessive, especially for someone he barely met. Yet somehow Kira had managed to completely enthrall him. He let out a soft chuckle when he realized that he understood how Hades must have felt when he saw Persephone. Except in Kylo's case, Kira wasn't abducted, but chose to come willingly. Then a depressing fact came to his mind: she only came of her free will because I offered a bribe . Was that the same thing? Perhaps , Kylo admitted. It wasn't like Kira was really attracted to him. He knew that she would never choose to be with him if money were not involved. It was that particular detail that made him angry. That was what drove him to push Kira away the night before. He thought it made him seem like some kind of deviant. Kylo realized he was far from being a saint. It wasn't as if he hadn't done questionable things in his life before, but this he had a major issue with. In his mind, it seemed like rape almost - forcing someone to be intimate when they probably did not actually want to, but did because they would be compensated in the end. It seemed so wrong to him. Hux had almost convinced him to, but no, that was a line he was not willing to cross. Despite his feelings on the matter, he couldn't help but want her near him at all times. That was what prompted him to call Hux so he could personally contact Kira's “employer.” When Unkar told him that she already had appointments booked for the weekend, he became distraught. Kylo's mind was involuntarily bombarded with errant images of Kira with another man - caressing him, kissing him... fucking him. His blood began to boil and he threw the drink he had in his hand onto the marble floor where it burst into hundreds of little pieces. Kylo had never experienced this kind of possessiveness, not even with his past girlfriends. He was never the jealous type, at least that's what he thought. Perhaps he had never really cared enough about them to be jealous. Yet he felt it for Kira, a complete stranger. It was absurd, he knew it, but it didn't help him to feel any less different. There was something about her. Kylo wasn't sure what exactly, but he wanted to find out. It appeared he would be getting his wish. While he was glad that Kira had accepted, he started to feel uneasy as the minutes ticked by. She would be here soon and he had no idea what was going to happen when she came. He decided he'd worry about that once she arrived and looked over the suite to make sure everything was in order. Kylo was out on the terrace when he remembered he had to transfer the money to Unkar. He used his phone to make the transaction. The act left him feeling in a state of contrition. He started to debate whether or not he should go through with this when he heard a door slam shut. He turned to shoot a glance back into the suite. His momentary hindrance quickly dissipated like a cloud of smoke once he laid eyes on Kira. His heart raced once more as he watched her from afar. She was dressed rather casually, donning a plain white T-shirt and jeans, and her hair up in a bun. Kylo found he rather liked this laid-back version of her as much as he did when she was dressed up. He kept staring at her, taking a few moments to wallow in her unabashedly. His breath hitched when Kira spotted him on the terrace, her hazel eyes meeting his. Her face was impassive and her eyes narrowed as she took a couple steps toward him. Kylo moved back into the suite at a snail’s pace towards her. "I hope you don't mind that I let myself in," she said in her posh British accent. She held a key card between her index and middle finger, showing it to him. "I forgot to give this back last night." Kylo's throat went dry as he closed the distance between them with a few long strides. "No, I don’t mind," he managed to finally reply. Kylo was relieved that his voice sounded controlled and at ease, contrary to what he was feeling on the inside. "I'm glad that you're here." "Are you now?" Kira's head tilted to the side. Crossing her arms, she took one step closer. They were mere inches from one another now. Kylo could feel her body heat radiating off her. It left him feeling a bit dizzy, but he was able to maintain his posture. "Yes," he simply responded. They continued to hold their gaze until Kylo noticed her eyes drift over to his right cheek. "That's a pretty nasty scar you got there," she remarked. "I guess I should apologize for that." One of her hands sprung towards his cheek, but her touch never reached his skin. Kylo winced as her fingers glided just over the raw pink flesh. Kira noticed his reaction and immediately retreated her hand back into her crossed arm. "No, you don't need to be sorry," he told her, looking into her almond-shaped eyes. They were such a lovely hazel color that he felt he could never tire of admiring them. She closed her eyes briefly and shook her head. "I said I should apologize," she opened her eyes once more to look up into his. "Not that I was going to." Kylo let out a soft chuckle. "Fair enough," he replied as he took one step back and crossed his arms behind his back. "But allow me to offer you one - I'm sorry for my behavior last night." He saw her eyes widen in shock. "And I apologize for calling you a whore," he continued. "I'm not used to people talking back to me. So when you did that, well... as you saw, my temper is something I have trouble controlling sometimes." "Right, I did notice that," she said, relaxing her arms out to her sides. "Well, what's done is done, I always say. Apology accepted, Mr. Ren. Shall we call a truce?" She extended her arm out towards him. Kylo looked down at her proffered hand. It was so small, so delicate. He nodded as his large hand enveloped hers. Kylo could've sworn he felt an electrical pulse when they touched. It was silly. He knew that wasn’t possible. He was imagining things. But then judging by the gasp Kira made at their contact, he thought maybe she had felt it, too. They quickly withdrew their hands simultaneously. He saw Kira nervously tuck a loose hair strand behind her ear. Perhaps he did have more of an affect on her than he thought. Kylo dismissed that idea as soon as it had come. He cleared his throat and gestured outward. "Let me show you to your room," he announced as he started to walk. Kira followed closely behind him, almost jogging in order to keep up with his long strides. "My room?" she asked in a dubious tone, her eyebrows furrowing. "But I thought that-" "That you'd be sleeping with me?" he finished for her. She stopped walking, causing Kylo to halt as well and he turned to face her. "No, you won't be sleeping with me. In fact, we won't be having sex either." "What?" Kira squealed. A bewildered look spread across her pretty face. Kylo wanted very much to caress her cheek, but he repressed the urge. "Then what exactly am I here for?" "I'm in town for business purposes," Kylo started to tell her. "I have business and social functions to attend over the weekend and I'd like you to be my plus one." "You want me to be your date?" she asked, surprised at the simplicity of what was asked of her. "In essence, yes. I would like you to be my escort." he answered matter-of-factly. "And I need you to be ready at any moment’s notice as I may need to meet with people as they become available. That's why I wanted you to stay with me." "Oh," Rey replied, not knowing what else to say. Kylo watched intently as she processed what he just told her. "But why me? I mean, if you just wanted a date, I'm sure there are plenty of other girls who'd be willing to go with you." "Perhaps, but other girls aren't you," he blurted out much quicker than he would have liked. Kira arched her eyebrow, narrowing her eyes at him. "What I mean is that you - well, you have a certain aura about you. It's luminous, scintillating even. It's quite infectious. And well, to be frank, I'm not the most approachable person. Most people find me intimidating." "Gee, I can't imagine why that is," Kira sarcastically remarked. Kylo frowned down at her. "I'm sorry. Please, do continue." She shot him a coy smile that made him believe he would let her get away with pretty much anything. "But if I have you by my side," he continued as he started to walk again, "I figure I'll come off a bit less disagreeable, so to speak." "Less of an asshole, you mean?" Kylo turned to scowl at her, but Kira stood firm, her gaze tentative. She's right , he admitted to himself. I can't be mad at her for having the balls to say it. "Yes, I suppose,” he agreed as they reached the door to her room. “What I'm trying to say is that you'd be good for my image, especially now when I’m supposed to deal with certain difficult people.” He saw in his periphery when Kira arrived at his side and he opened the door for her. Kylo let her enter first. He saw her look around the room, clearly amazed by her surroundings. The second bedroom mirrored his master bedroom, except hers was slightly smaller. There was a queen-sized bed in the middle of the room, draped with elegant white and gold bedding. Gold lamps were placed atop the two mahogany nightstands on either side of the bed. A luxurious beige leather couch was set on the far side of the room, next to elegant French doors that led outside to the terrace. Kira grinned as she merrily skipped over to the bed. She plopped down her bag and herself on it rather uncouthly. Kylo couldn’t help but beam at her when she wasn't looking. When she did look back at him, his face was expressionless once more. "It's so soft!" she smiled in content. He stayed by the entrance, his face still blank. She sat up in bed and turned towards him. "So you're serious? No sex?" He slowly nodded in order to emphasize his affirmation. Kira looked curiously at him, as if she were uncovering a new discovery. She got off the bed and strolled over to where he was standing. As she drew nearer, Kylo felt his heart rate quicken once more. His fists involuntarily clenched at his sides in an effort to calm himself down. He was grateful Kira had not noticed. "Alright, I'm ok with that," she announced once she was standing right in front of him. "But I have a condition for you, too, Mr. Ren." "And what would that be?" Kylo's forehead wrinkled with concern. She looked down at his lips, blinked twice, then her hazel eyes reached up to his once more. "You can't kiss me on the mouth," she informed him. Kylo couldn’t help but stare at her lips then. Her request confused him, especially when he recalled that it was him that pulled away from her last night when she tried to kiss him. "I wasn't planning to," he confessed. Not that I wouldn't love to , he thought. "But can I ask why?" "Hey, I didn't ask you the reason behind your condition," Kira turned on her heel and walked back inside the room. "Therefore, you don't get to ask me about mine." Just as he was about to offer a rebuttal, his phone rang. He answered it, annoyed when he saw that t it was work-related. He remained on his call as he watched Kira walk out onto the terrace. "That's unacceptable," he barked into his phone. "No, it's imperative that I see her. We are so close to landing this deal. She can not cancel! I don't want to hear any more excuses. I don't care what you have to do, but you better make damn sure she’s there. If not, it'll be your neck." He didn't wait for an answer, ending the brief call abruptly. He went outside to where Kira was admiring the view that overlooked Lake Michigan. When he reached her side, he saw her eyes sparkle with glee. A broad smile reaching from ear to ear was plastered on her lips as rays of sunlight shone over her delicate features. She was literally glowing. Kylo thought his view was more worthy of reverence than the lake so his eyes remained on her. "It's beautiful," she said acknowledging his presence, but not looking his way. "Yes, it is," he agreed as he stared intently at her. Kira must have felt his gaze on her because she started to slowly turn towards him. "Well, you know," she reached out, grabbing his tie to pull him towards her. "You're not so bad-looking yourself." He let himself be pulled closer to her until their chests almost touched. She let go of his tie and regarded him closely. Her proximity and the way she looked at him were a heady combination. Kylo's breathing became ragged as he noticed Kira's cheeks flush. His hand came up to touch her face, but he stopped himself. No , he told himself while retreating his hand. She doesn't really like you. She's only pretending to. That thought made him come back to his senses enough to break the spell he was under. He would have to be more careful when he was around her. He placed his hand back at his side and took a couple steps back. The corners of her mouth flew downward as if she were truly disappointed in his reaction. She was such a good actress that Kylo almost believed it. Almost. "I have a meeting to attend soon," he informed her, his tone curt and businesslike. "I'm not sure exactly how long it'll last, but feel free to explore the suite some more in the meantime. I hope to be back around 6 because we've got a dinner to go to at 7:30 tonight." "Oh? A dinner?" she asked, still frowning. "Right," he continued. "I'm meeting with an important potential client tonight to discuss a business proposition. He's bringing along his grandson, too." "Ok, so what am I supposed to do?" Kira asked, raising an eyebrow. "Just enjoy yourself," he told her as he started to walk back into the suite. He saw Kira follow right behind him, but he did nothing to slow his pace. "I'm certain that your presence alone will help lighten the mood." "I guess that seems easy enough," she said as she continued to follow him. "Is it like a formal dinner?" "It's semi-formal," he answered. "A cocktail dress should be just fine." "A dress? I didn't bring a dress," she told him. He stopped suddenly, almost making her crash into him. "Well, do you have any more dresses like the one you wore yesterday?" "That's my only nice one," she admitted dejectedly, shaking her head. "Dresses like those are a smidge over my budget, but I splurged for that one. It was worth it, in my opinion." "Yeah, you looked great in it," Kylo said without thinking. He felt his ears flush with embarrassment. Kira smiled shyly at him. "Thanks," she said as her cheeks blushed. "Well, I suppose I could go back home quickly and get it to wear tonight." "Nonsense," Kylo reached into the pocket of his jacket to retrieve his wallet. Kira stared curiously as he withdrew a black credit card. "Go over to Barney's and buy a couple dresses for the weekend. It's only a few blocks down. I'll let them know you're coming." "What?!" she exclaimed. She gawked at him as she refused to take the card from his hand. "I couldn't possibly!" "Why not?" Kylo's scrunched his face in confusion. "Did you want to go to Neiman Marcus instead?" "No!" Her arms were flailing at her sides. "No, it's not the store. It's because you're paying me a lot of money already just to be your escort. I can use my own money to buy dresses. Or I can rent some. There's no need for you to spend on that as well." "No," Kylo shook his head vigorously. "No way. I can't let you do that. I don't want you to spend your money on this. It is my responsibility to cover the expenses. So here, take the card." He placed the card into her reluctant hand. He felt that strange electrical sensation once more when their skin briefly touched. He ignored it as he went to grab her other hand to cover the card that was in her palm. Kira was shaking her head, but she made no attempt to free herself from his grasp. "I want you to buy really nice dresses," he ordered. "Dresses that are very expensive. I want you to look your best, so you need to wear the best. That also means you'll probably have to buy shoes and accessories, too." Kira tilted her head sideways, almost as if she couldn't understand the words coming out of his mouth. "While I did pay you a substantial amount," Kylo continued, looking down at her, "my guess is that it will barely cover what you're going to spend. So while I appreciate the thought, please, just let me take care of it, ok?" He saw her glance down at the card in their clasped hands and up at him once more. She went back and forth like that for a couple of seconds. Little by little, he saw her resolve falter until she finally gave him a slight nod. "Ok," she conceded. "I'll do as you say, Kylo." "Great," he replied. "Thank you." He hesitated to let go of her hand, wanting to revel in the exquisite feel of her skin. He noticed that she also was hesitant to part. It gave him some semblance of hope that maybe, just maybe, she might be attracted to him. But that was dangerous thinking, Kylo decided and he withdrew his hands from hers. "That's the first time you called me by my first name," he noted. Kira let out a small laugh. "Right, I'm sorry," she apologized. "I'll go back to addressing you as Mr. Ren." Kylo shook his head vehemently. "No, don't call me that. Only my employees and strangers call me that." Kira giggled at his remark. "Well, technically, I am both of those." His heartbeat fluttered in his chest as she grinned up at him. She looked so young, so pure and innocent when she did that. Kylo acknowledged the irony of that seeing the profession she chose for herself. Suddenly, he had this strong desire to learn everything there was to know about her. He didn't want her to be a stranger. Nor did he want her to be his "employee.” That thought made him cringe inwardly. He realized that he wanted much more than that. But did she? "You're funny," he finally said to her, the corner of his mouth going slightly upward. "I try to be," she replied, winking at him. It made Kylo want to chuckle, but he didn’t. "You can call me whatever you like, Kira," he said to her as he made his way towards the door. "I'll let Barney's know you're coming. Be ready by 6." "Yes, sir," she called after him. He stopped, turning his head slightly back towards her. "Yeah, don't call me that either." Kira rolled her eyes at him. "Bye, Kylo," she waved farewell and he turned to leave with a huge grin on his face. Notes: As always, thank you thank YOU THANK YOU for reading! You have no idea how much it means to me! I appreciate every hit, kudos and comment <3 I LOVE to hear what you guys think so please feel free to leave me a comment if you can :D Chapter 4 : Four Notes: Click on the links as you read along to see what Rey's wearing ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey watched Kylo's back as he exited the suite. When he was gone, Rey was surprised to find that she already missed him and wished he was back with her. Jeez Rey, calm down , she scolded herself. She glanced down at the card in her hand. She didn't feel completely fine with using his money, which was strange for her. Normally she would be filled with glee at the prospect of shopping, especially at someone else’s expense. For whatever reason though, this time she was ambivalent about it, but she had already agreed to it. Rey decided not to dwell on it any longer. Instead, she shifted her attention to Kylo’s peculiar proviso. Why would he not want to have sex? she wondered while exploring the suite. She walked through the living room and dining room, which were decorated in neutral tones, much like her bedroom. The living room had a fireplace and a baby grand piano, while the dining room boasted a large elegant table that could seat 10 people. There were many windows and glass doors that allowed natural light to flood into the suite. It gave the rooms a bright, lively feel. Maybe he's celibate? Maybe he's gay? No, he's definitely not gay. I've seen the way he looks at me sometimes. And he wanted to touch me, but something is holding him back. What could it be? Rey racked her brain, attempting to solve the mystery that was his request. On the way to her bedroom she noticed that the bathroom was adjacent to it. Rey gawked at its luxurious marble floors. There were double vanities, a separate rain shower, and a large soaking tub with a picture window above it that offered an unobstructed view of the city. Oh, I'm so taking a bath in here. Rey turned on the bath faucets to start filling up the tub. She removed her clothing once it was filled and sank into the warm water. She allowed her mind to quiet, stopping it from trying to decipher the enigma that was Kylo Ren. For a few moments, she was completely relaxed and at ease when suddenly, a thought popped in her head. What if he actually wanted me and not just my body? What if he likes me? Was it possible that he might actually care about her? No , Rey hastily dismissed the thought away. He doesn't even know a thing about me. Why would he care about her? No one had all her life. Still, she allowed herself to indulge in the fantasy for a little bit. Fantasy was always better than reality anyway. She got out of the bath a couple minutes later, wrapping her wet body with the softest towel she'd ever felt. She was walking back to her room when she looked to her left and saw the door to Kylo's room had been left open. Her feet took her there without her fully realizing it. Before long, she found herself inside his room. The room was identical to hers, albeit somewhat larger. She strolled to the middle of it where there was a king-sized bed. Her fingertips grazed the foot of his bed, then up until she reached where the pillows were neatly arranged. Her hazel eyes stared, scrutinizing every little detail. This is where he sleeps , she thought. Almost as if in a trance, Rey undid her bun and impetuously removed her towel. She sprawled across his bed, inhaling deeply to take in his scent on the sheets. Closing her eyes, she imagined that Kylo was there with her. She could picture it so vividly: he was on top of her, suckling on her neck, his hand slowly running down her body until it reached just above the apex of her thighs. She moaned and arched her back to encourage him to go down further. His long fingers moved lower achingly slow until he reached her... Rey's eyes suddenly shot open, shocked at how far she was letting herself fantasize. She felt her cheeks flush as she swiftly got off the bed, grabbing her towel and running out of his room like a bat out of hell. She would have to be more careful. She couldn't lose control like that or else she wouldn't be able to adhere to his condition. It was why she added the dumb "no kissing on the mouth" rule. She knew that if she were to actually kiss him, there would be nothing that would stop her from demanding more. Not even Kylo Ren himself. xxxx When Rey arrived at Barney's, a smiling security guard greeted her. She marveled at the polished marble floors, tall glass windows and designer merchandise that made the store feel luxurious, but welcoming. Rey felt like a kid in a candy store as she looked around. Her arms were folded inward as she was admiring a Givenchy handbag when a young redhead approached her. "Can I help you with anything, miss?" Rey turned to face her. "Oh, um, I'm here to buy a dress. Actually, a couple of dresses, I guess. Uh, Kylo Ren said he would call to let you guys know I'd be coming." "Alright, let me go find out who your personal shopper will be. What is your name?" the redhead asked. "R- Kira," Rey corrected herself. "My name's Kira." "Oh, what a pretty name," the redhead grinned. "Thanks, I'll let my mother know," she replied with her arms still folded across her chest. The redhead chuckled. "Please do wait here while I go find out who'll be working with you." Rey nodded, giving permission for her to leave. She returned her gaze back to the purse. Upon closer examination, Rey was able to read the price tag. "$2,435?!" Rey gasped as she read the price aloud. "I know! The price is ridiculous, but couldn't you just kill someone to have it in your closet?" Rey whipped her head around to see who had spoken to her. A short brunette with warm brown eyes that looked to be in her mid-thirties had appeared beside her. She gave Rey a friendly smile. It seemed genuine enough that Rey was able to relax her arms out. "At that price, I would have to," Rey quipped. The woman laughed as she stretched out her hand. "I'm Dani. I'll be your personal shopper today, Kira. Mr. Ren told us that you're in need of some dresses. Maybe some shoes and accessories as well?" "Hi, Dani," Rey shook her hand, wary of her affable nature. Weren't these stores supposed to be snooty? "Um, yeah, that's correct. Although, I'm not exactly sure what I'm shopping for." "Mr. Ren told me about the occasions your dresses are for," Dani said, gesturing for Rey to follow her. "Come, I've already picked out some items I think will be perfect." "Sounds good," Rey replied as she walked alongside her, going up a spiral staircase. "So how do you know him?" Dani asked, glancing sideways at Rey as they continued their ascent. "Who?" Rey asked, but then quickly realized whom she was referring to. "Oh, you mean Kylo Ren. He's my... cousin?" "Oh," Dani said with a disbelieving look, but didn't press further. "Well, apparently he's a regular here when he comes into town. I've never had the pleasure of working with him, but my coworkers have." "Oh, really? And what do they say about him?" Rey inquired, curious to know more about Kylo. "Well," Dani hesitated as they reached the second floor. "To be honest, they didn't say a lot of good things about him." Rey giggled so hard that she snorted. She was surprised, yet delighted that Dani was so forthcoming with her. It helped to establish a good rapport between them and Rey was able to lessen her worry about any aloofness or condescension. "That sounds about right," Rey laughed. Dani shrugged, chuckling as she led Rey into a fitting room. "At least I hear he's not as bad as Kanye West," Dani continued to gossip. "Poor Jeffrey! He was the one who got to deal with that guy." "Wait, Kanye shopped here?" Rey’s eyebrows furrowed, her interest piqued. "Yes, he shops here”, Dani whispered to her inconspicuously. “As well as many other celebrities when they’re in town." Rey got the impression that Dani wasn't supposed to be divulging this with her, but she couldn't help but want to hear more. "Please, do tell!" Rey squealed, clapping her hands together. She always did love to read tabloids, trash magazines and even watched TMZ at times. Rey never turned down an opportunity to learn useless information. Dani looked her up and down, unsure whether or not she should acquiesce to her request. "Ok, but you have to promise me that what I tell you doesn't leave this room," Dani stuck out her pinky finger for Rey to take. "My lips are sealed," Rey promised as she hooked her pinky over Dani's. "Well, one time I was attending to Julia Roberts..." Time flew by as Rey listened to Dani spill the beans on the rich and famous while trying on the beautiful dresses she had picked out for her. Rey loved every single one, of course. In the end, she bought five dresses, three pairs of shoes, three purses, and even underwear that Dani highly suggested she purchase. Rey's stomach knotted when Dani announced the total amount. "That will be $17,323.14 charged to Mr. Ren's card," Dani told her as Rey winced. "Do you have it with you?" Rey slowly took out the black credit card from her purse and handed it to her. Dani grabbed it from her and unmercifully swiped it across the card reader. Once the transaction was complete, she handed it back to Rey. "Great! You are all set, Miss Kira," Dani grinned from ear to ear. "We can have your dresses sent to the hotel room shortly. It was a pleasure working with you. Oh! And tell your cousin that we appreciate his business with us." "Thank you! And between you and me," Rey said as she grabbed her bags, "he's not really my cousin." "They never are, dear," Dani smirked as she gave her a wink. Rey did the same, then turned to leave the store. On her walk back to the hotel, an overwhelming sense of guilt came over her. She didn't feel right accepting all this, which was unusual for her. She wasn't one to be emotional, preferring to be of a callous nature more times than not. Rey knew that this made her seem heartless, but that was far from the truth. It was just that life had, unfortunately, taught her to use her heart less. She decided that she wasn't going to keep any of it. Rey would give it all to Kylo when she left to do whatever he saw fit with them. Rey felt immensely better after making the decision. Once back in the suite, she discovered that the dresses were already there waiting for her. Talk about service . Shopping took a bit longer than she had anticipated. Taking a quick glance at her watch, she realized that Kylo would be arriving at any moment. Rey grabbed the dresses and headed towards her room to get ready. She had just finished putting on her new black bra and panties when she heard approaching footsteps clacking against the floor. She peeked her head outside her door and saw that it was Kylo. He was looking down on his cell phone so he hadn't noticed her. Rey went back inside her room to close the door when she decided against it. She felt her stomach do a somersault as she opened it all the way. She stood by her bed with her back toward the door and waited. Rey heard his footsteps abruptly halt and she could feel his eyes on her. Rey's breath quickened as she slowly turned to face him and met his fevered gaze. Kylo was frozen in place, his eyes looking Rey up and down. There was no mistaking his stare - it was of pure desire. He does want me. "Oh! I didn't hear you come in!" Rey exclaimed as she feigned innocence. She made no attempt to cover her body, though. "Actually, now that you're here, I could use your help with this dress." Rey went to grab the black cocktail dress on her bed and signaled for Kylo to come in. He stood there paralyzed for a few seconds, unable to process what she had said. Rey started to unzip the back of the Dolce & Gabbana black dentelle lace dress . She stepped into it and little by little brought the dress up her torso. She wiggled her hips a bit more pronounced than necessary and continued to pull it upwards. Once it covered her chest, she slid her arms into the three-quarter-length sleeves. Rey turned her back to Kylo while grabbing her hair. "Do you mind zipping me up, please?" she asked him invitingly. She heard him move, but noticed it was taking him a while to reach her. She was about to look back when she felt his hands on the zipper, careful not to touch her skin. She could feel the zipper rising across her back at a tantalizingly slow pace, almost as if he wanted to prolong this moment as much as she did. Rey let go of her hair when he reached the top. She felt it cascade down her back and shuddered when his hands rested on her shoulders. He spun her around and Rey found herself staring at his chest. Being blessed with long legs, Rey rarely thought of herself as diminutive. More often than not she would tower over most people she’d come across, but Kylo Ren was a large man. His body was a massive imposing figure that could make even the brawniest man feel intimidated. Rey felt tiny standing in front of him as she continued to stare straight at his broad chest. Her eyelids fluttered as she reveled in the nouveau sensation. She lifted her stare as she exhaled. His mouth was twisted into a frown, staring down at her with brooding eyes. "Please stop doing that," he ordered, his tone brusque. "Doing what?" Rey teased, raising an eyebrow. She knew she shouldn't be messing with him, but she couldn't help but bait him. She wanted to see what reaction she could elicit from him, whether good or bad. There was a certain thrill she got from challenging him. From what she'd heard and seen of him so far, not very many dared or got the opportunity to. "You know what," he replied while removing his hands from her shoulders, crossing his arms. "I already told you that sex is not part of this... deal of ours." "Yes, of course," she looked down at the floor in an effort to seem more penitent. "But..." "But what?" Kylo asked after a few seconds of silence. The expression on his face was inscrutable. But what if I want it to be? She came so close to saying it aloud. The words were on the tip of her tongue, but she bit down on her lip to deny them escape. Resigned, she sighed deeply and shook her head. "Nothing," Rey groaned as she tucked her hair behind her ear. It didn't matter what Rey wanted because the customer was always right. She had to respect his wishes - no matter what. "Thanks for helping me." "Of course," he told her as he stepped away from her. He gave her a once-over from top to bottom, which made Rey feel inexplicably shy. Perhaps because she felt more comfortable in her own skin than in this ridiculously expensive designer dress. While she loved wearing it, she felt unworthy of it. It was as if the dress was too good for her. "You look beautiful," he said in a deadpan tone, though Rey thought she saw the corner of his mouth slightly turn up. "Thank you," Rey felt her cheeks flush. She didn't understand why he affected her so much. Usually she was the one that made others fluster. She could hardly remember feeling this way about anyone before, if ever. "Finish getting ready, then meet me in the living room by the fireplace," he turned to walk out of her room. "I need to brief you for the dinner." Brief me? That sounds so business-like. He really does want to keep this professional. "Ok," she called after him as he left, not giving her a second glance. Rey resumed readying herself, choosing to do a slightly undone chignon as her hairstyle and a retro cat eye look with pink lips for her makeup. She then put on her pair of Manolo Blahnick black ankle strap sandals and grabbed the Yves Saint Laurent black clutch bag to complete her outfit. Rey headed towards the living room where Kylo was patiently waiting for her. He was sitting beside the fireplace on a brown leather chair, taking a sip of his drink. When he heard her footsteps, he shot a glance her way and simpered slightly. Kylo gestured for her to take a seat on the other chair across from him to which Rey immediately obliged. "The person we are having dinner with is Lando Calrissian, the CEO of Cloud City Enterprises," Kylo began to tell her. He took one last swig of his drink and sat back into his chair. "He's actually an old family friend, but the reason I'm meeting him is to convince him to invest with us." "Us? Meaning your company?" Rey asked, genuinely interested. "Right," he confirmed, setting his empty glass by the table next to him. "I'm the Chief Operating Officer of First Order Investments, a hedge fund firm. We are a somewhat new institution, but we've been garnering much success lately. We are well on our way to becoming one of the top asset managers in the world." "Oh," Rey blinked as she tried to comprehend. She never really understood much how the world of finance worked. All she knew for certain was that the business could be rather lucrative. "My CEO sent me out here personally because I have history with Lando. He hopes that will help him want to work with us," he continued. His face turned to view the fireplace and he sighed solemnly. "I haven't actually spoken to him in a long time. I'm not exactly sure how he'll receive me." She saw Kylo shift in his seat. The crackle of the fire was the only sound audible in the room for a few moments. "I'm sure he'll be happy to see you," Rey chimed in an effort to break the dour mood. Kylo turned to face her. "We'll see," Kylo scoffed, leaning in towards her. "I'm just glad that you'll be there." Rey couldn't help but beam at him. She found herself involuntarily leaning towards him. "Is there anything specific you want me to do?" "Just enjoy yourself," he replied, straightening up in his seat as he steepled his fingers over his abdomen. "I think I can manage that," Rey affirmed, giving him a toothy grin. "I'm certain that you will," Kylo gave her a half-smile, reassuring Rey. xxxx When it was time to have dinner, Rey felt a million butterflies flying around in her belly. She did not want to disappoint Kylo Ren. She wanted to make sure she did right by him, that he would be getting his money's worth. Failure was not an option. The restaurant was located inside the hotel and mirrored its same opulent decor. Her nerves were still on end as they followed the host lead them to where Lando Calrissian and his grandson were seated. The two men that were seated stood up to greet them upon their arrival. "Well, lookee here! My goodness! Ben, it's been too long!" the older black gentleman opened up his arms to embrace Kylo. Ben? Rey thought as she furrowed her brows. "Good to see you, Lando," Kylo said in an apathetic tone. He did not go to embrace Lando, offering his outstretched arm for a handshake instead. "Come on son, we're practically family! Come give this old man a hug," Lando went to close his arms around Kylo's body, giving him a great bear hug. Rey saw Kylo stiffened awkwardly as every single muscle in his body visibly tensed. Rey had gotten the impression that he wasn't particularly fond of physical contact, this reaction only cementing her theory further. He's let me get close to him, though , she thought pensively to herself. "And who is this lovely young lady here?" Lando had let go of Kylo and turned his attention to Rey. She saw Kylo breathe a sigh of relief when he was released. He pressed a hand to Rey's lower back to encourage her forward. "This is a friend of mine, Kira..." he hesitated as he came to the realization that he didn't know her last name. He looked worriedly down at Rey, but she quickly came to his aid. "Knight," Rey finished for him as she held out her hand. "I’m Kira Knight. Glad to meet you." She smiled affectionately at him. "It's a pleasure to meet your acquaintance, Miss Knight," Lando grabbed her hand and pressed it to his lips. "My, but aren't you stunning! She's definitely a keeper, Ben!" Kylo clenched his jaw as Lando winked up at him and slapped his upper arm. Before Kylo could correct him, Lando looked back towards his grandson and waved him forward. "This fireball right here is my grandson, Finn Calrissian," Lando announced, beaming with pride. The handsome young black man’s eyes were warm and cordial as he stuck out his hand. Kylo shook it first, followed by Rey. "Well, I don't know about the fireball part, but I am his grandson. Nice to meet you both," Finn smiled so brightly that it made Rey take an immediate liking to him. He seemed to be as friendly and charismatic as his grandfather. "Oh, you've met Ben before, Finn. You were just a baby, though," Lando informed his grandson. "Well then, I guess I should say that it's nice to see you again, Kylo," Finn said to him. It didn't go unnoticed to Kylo or Rey that he addressed him correctly. "Kylo? Oh my goodness, that's right! You changed your name! I completely forgot," Lando shook his head as he went back toward his seat. "Forgive an old man for his decrepit brain, would ya?" "That's alright, Lando," Kylo said as he pulled the chair next to him for Rey. "I understand. Old habits die hard." It was only after Rey was seated that the other men took theirs. She fidgeted in her chair as she suddenly felt out of place. Rey inhaled sharply as her nerves took hold of her once more. She needed a moment to compose herself. Rey abruptly stood up to leave, causing the men to also rise from their seats. Kylo looked warily at her. "Where are you going?" he asked her in a leery tone. Rey looked at Kylo and then at the other two men. "I'm, uh, I'm going to the ladies' room. Please excuse me," she responded. Both Lando and Finn nodded understandingly while Kylo narrowed his eyes at her. "It's down the hall to the right," he told her curtly. Rey nodded and turned to leave, but stopped when Kylo asked, "Shall I order for you?" "Yes, please do so. Thank you," she answered back as she left the men to collect herself. They sat back down once she was gone. The waiter arrived to take their orders and left hurriedly when he was done. There was a moment of awkward silence after the waiter disappeared until Finn decided to speak up first. "Kylo," his voice was firm, showing no sign of fear or anxiety, "my grandfather believes that the men who create a company should be able to control its destiny. He's agreed to meet with you because of our family ties, so I know it's difficult for him to say this to you." Kylo remained silent, looking cautiously at Finn, then at Lando. Kylo's face was impassive, making it difficult to interpret what he was thinking so Finn took it as a sign to elaborate. "Allow me to put it another way," Finn continued, making eye contact with Kylo. "Between Mr. Snoke's public statements and the rumors going around, it's hard to figure out what your firm's true intentions are." Kylo sat in silence, mulling over Finn's words. He opened his mouth to say something when Rey returned and took her place by his side. Her presence helped lift the tension between the men and provided Kylo with a little confidence boost. He cleared his throat as the waiter came to place their first course in front of them. "Rumors are just that, Finn. Only hearsay and not the truth," Kylo told him flatly. "What we have done over at First Order Investments is par to none. It's been predicted for a while now that hedge funds were facing certain death. And yet, here we are, still standing and growing exponentially despite the odds." Finn raised his eyebrows, but then nodded in agreement. Rey felt much better after giving herself a moment. She realized how ravenous she was since she hadn't eaten anything but that granola bar in the morning. She started to eat her food before anyone else as she listened in on the conversation. "Kylo, if you were to convince us to invest and I don't think you will, but if you did, what would you plan to do with our money?" Finn asked as he took a bite of his food. Kylo looked over at Rey as she cheerily chomped on her food. She glanced his way and smiled sweetly at him with her mouth closed. Kylo thought it made her look even more endearing. He chuckled under his breath, turning to look back at Finn. "My firm's business depends on our strong teams,” Kylo replied, leaning in. “First Order Investments brings together great businesses, which we consider Cloud City to be. I believe that it is because of this that we get results. We have proved ourselves to have an exceptional ability to monetize investment ideas. So if your company invests in us, I promise that I will make your grandfather a very rich man." "I'm already rich, Kylo," Lando interjected, enunciating his name like he was testing it out to see if he liked it. "What I want is to be able to leave a legacy for my family, much like your father did for you." Kylo had lifted a fork to his mouth, but stopped and grimaced at the mention of his father. Rey had observed his reaction and decided to pay closer attention. Her eyes went to Finn and Lando, both of whom had solemn looks on their faces. "Speaking of which, my condolences," Lando sighed heavily, glancing at Rey then back to Kylo. "I was sad when I heard of his passing." Rey shifted her eyes to Kylo, who was looking down at his plate. He didn't say a word, just sat there, frozen with the most pained expression. He looked like he was fighting hard to hold back tears. "I'm sorry," Rey whispered to him as she reached to grasp his hand. She squeezed it firmly but gently. Kylo looked at their hands and squeezed back, nodding. Neither wanted to let go, but were forced to when the waiter came to retrieve their plates and replace them with new plates of food. "Yeah, I know that the courts found him guilty, but I never believed Han would commit any of those crimes," Lando resumed once the waiter left. "It's a shame he spent his last days in jail. I like to think I knew him well and the man I considered a good friend would never do any of that. Your father was a good man, son. He was never quite the bastard everyone said he was." "No, I have the franchise on that," Kylo quipped, his voice monotone. “Thank you for saying that, though. I know that now.” "Look, I’ll be frank. We came here with no intention of giving you any money, but I tell you what," Lando pointed at him with his index finger, "I'll invest with First Order in memory of your father because, let's be honest, that firm wouldn't exist if it wasn't for him. But I must see a return within 3 month’s time. Is that understood?" "I have no doubt that you will get your money back and then some," Kylo reassured him as he perked up in his chair. "Good," Lando started to laugh and the ambience instantly lightened. "Now enough business talk - let me show you pictures of my other grandchildren." The rest of the dinner went off without a hitch. Rey was able to hold her own and rather enjoyed conversing with Lando and his grandson. Kylo was more somber and distant, appearing to be lost in thought and would only occasionally speak. When they finished their dessert, Kylo stood, said his farewells to the Calrissians and grabbed Rey by the hand. “Why don’t you go ahead?” Kylo said to her once they reached the elevators. “I’ll be up soon. I just have to do something downstairs first.” “Alright, I’ll meet you up there,” she replied, letting go of his hand to get on the elevator. Kylo waited until the elevator doors closed, then headed to the bar downstairs. xxxx It had been two hours and Kylo still hadn’t returned to the suite. Rey was already in her black babydoll nightie to sleep and was tempted to call it a night, but she felt the need to check up on him. She cursed when she realized she did not know his phone number so she decided to call the concierge. “Hi, I’m in the Peninsula suite. The guy that’s staying here, Mr. Ren, have you seen him down there anywhere?” “Yes, he’s down here at the bar playing the piano,” the concierge informed her. “Do you want me to give him a message?” “No, don’t worry about it; I’ll be there soon. Thanks.” Rey snuck up behind him, crossing her arms over the white hotel robe she had on. He was oblivious to her presence, his attention solely placed on the piano keys in front of him. The bar was closing down and there were a few men scattered throughout enjoying a late night drink. “I didn’t know you played,” Rey said to him once he finished. He startled and turned to look back at her. She walked up and leaned against the piano, his glassy eyes following her intently. “You know there’s one of these in the suite, right?” “I only play for strangers,” he said to her, slurring a little. He was gazing intensely into her eyes. “Hmm,” Rey mused, staring back at him. “Does that mean you don’t consider me a stranger?” Kylo smiled broadly at her, revealing his slightly crooked teeth. Rey gasped, amazed that she was able to get him to do that. Well, perhaps being a bit drunk helped with that, too , she thought admittedly. Either way, she marveled at his endearing grin. “I was getting lonely upstairs all by myself,” she said flirtatiously as she got closer, settling herself right beside him in front of the piano. Kylo blinked up at her, then turned to face the other people in the room. “Gentlemen,” his voice boomed across the room with authority, “would you mind leaving us, please?” Rey’s mouth hit the floor when she saw not one person hesitate. They all stood up and left the room as fast as they could. The last one out closed the door behind him, leaving the two of them unquestionably alone. “Do people always do what you tell them to do?” her voice was teasing, but soft. Kylo did not answer her, preferring to stare at her instead. His eyes roamed over her body, filling with pure want. His intense glare made Rey press her thighs together as her breathing suddenly became ragged. His large hand grabbed at her waist, pulling her closer as she slid across the piano keys until she was directly in front of him. He rested his head on her stomach while Rey ran her fingers through his silky hair. Kylo then lifted his head up to look at her once more before undoing the belt holding her robe closed. His breath hitched when he saw the thin black nightgown underneath. Rey closed her eyes as Kylo ran his hands up and down her torso. She never relished the feel of anyone’s touch as much as she did his. Her heart pounded in her chest when he rose from his seat to look down at her. “I guess they do,” she feebly remarked, biting her lower lip. Kylo lifted Rey and seated her gingerly on top of the piano, placing her long legs on either side of him. Her feet landed on the piano keys, making the sound of discordant notes fill the room. Both their breathing became shallow as Rey’s robe started to slide off her shoulders while he caressed her face. His thumb stroked across her bottom lip and he leaned in to kiss her. Her breath caught in her throat and she found herself pulling back, not allowing his lips to touch hers. Kylo attempted once more, but she jerked back again. Rey couldn’t believe herself. She wanted so badly to kiss him, but she knew he was drunk and probably would regret this in the morning. Frustrated, Rey let out a groan and leaned back, lying on the piano. Kylo didn’t seem to mind the change in position as his left hand ran down the middle of her body, starting from her neck. He stopped when he reached her navel. Rey let out a soft moan when both hands grabbed either sides of her waist, hoisting up her dress to reveal her stomach. Rey squirmed when he began to plant soft kisses all over her belly. If his touch had been pleasurable, Rey found his kisses to be pure ecstasy. Kylo abruptly stopped, prompting Rey to look down at him. She saw as he hooked his fingers over both straps of her panties then looked up at her. He quirked up his eyebrows, nonverbally asking Rey for permission to proceed. She had no self-control at that point, whining while nodding her head vigorously. “Yes, Kylo. Please,” she breathed gruffly. “Do it.” With her blessing, he started to slowly slip them off. The feel of his fingers against her bare skin caused her legs to shake uncontrollably, but she was able to start lifting her backside when out of the blue, they heard a loud crash. Startled, they both whipped their heads towards the door where the noise had come from. Kylo quickly covered Rey and went over to glower at the inebriated couple that had entered. They were giggling incessantly on the floor, having tripped over the doorway. “Get the fuck out!” Kylo bellowed with rage as he stormed towards them. The couple stopped their laughter at once, their amusement suddenly turning into fear under his fiery gaze. They muttered apologies as they gathered themselves and left. Rey stayed by the piano, watching Kylo intently. His back was to her, but she could tell that he was seething. Rey yelped when he grabbed a nearby chair and threw it across the room. "I think we should go to sleep,” he finally said, taking in a couple of deep breaths, but not turning to look at her. “I have to get up early tomorrow morning." Rey scoffed, angry that he was able to turn himself off so quickly. She pouted as she tied her robe back up, pressing her thighs together to calm the ache he caused. As she walked hastily towards the exit, she bumped into him rather harshly. Rey didn’t bother to look back at Kylo as she dashed towards the elevators, not waiting for him to catch up. Notes: OH!! SO CLOSE!!! Darn it!! As always, thank you so so so much for reading :) The people who are gracious enough to leave me comments, YOU GUYS GIVE ME LIFE!!! I love hearing from you and it helps me to keep going :D SO THANKS!! Chapter 5 : Five Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Later that night, Rey stared blankly at the ceiling above her while she lay in her bed. She let out a harsh grunt as her hand attempted to finish what Kylo Ren started. To her grave misfortune, the orgasm was, quite literally, the worst she'd had in her life. Ever. It did nothing whatsoever to sate her, leaving Rey utterly dissatisfied. In fact, she was ravenous now, craving for more. So much more. With a disgruntled groan, she flipped over to her side and tried her damnedest to sleep off her vexation. She tossed and turned in every which way, trying to will herself into a deep slumber. Her efforts proved futile as the minutes ticked on by. "This is ridiculous," she muttered to herself as she got out of bed. Rey started to pace around her pitch-dark room. She didn't bother turning on a light or drawing the curtains, deciding instead to bask in the gloom. I should just tell him, she thought as her feet trampled over the carpeted floor of her room. No, I shouldn't tell him anything , Rey huffed and crossed her arms. No... What I should do is march right over to his room, bust open the door, get into his bed and fuck his brains out! Rey continued pacing until she felt the soles of her bare feet suddenly grow cold. She took a look around and found she was no longer in her room but standing right outside Kylo's door. Her steps seemed to have inadvertently brought her here. Or perhaps it was a very deliberate move on her subconscious’ part? She shrugged her shoulders thinking that it was irrelevant either way. Reaching for the doorknob, she was reminded of that old saying - actions speak louder than words. Well, Kylo was about to find out exactly what was on her mind. It was always better to show than tell anyway, she decided. Her hand was about to turn the handle when she heard loud grunts coming from inside the room. Her curiosity piqued, she put an ear to the door in order to listen better. There were several more grunts and moans in between what she thought were slaps. Oh , Rey thought as it dawned on her that Kylo was doing the same thing that she had done earlier. Rey sighed heavily, shaking her head. He was obviously trying to find some release as well. I don't understand why he won't just have sex with me? Why is he torturing himself ... and me, for that matter? She wanted nothing more than to go in and have him melt in her hand instead of his own, but something held her back. There's got to be a reason why he doesn't want to , she thought as she removed her hand from the handle. I've got to respect his decision, even if it makes absolutely no fucking sense to me. Rey didn't know why she cared so much about this. Was she really that horny? This was easy money. She should've been ecstatic about this whole arrangement, not conflicted. Or was this something else? Kylo Ren was occupying way too much of her thoughts. More so than anyone else had in her life. Come to think of it, she’d never given so much of her attention to anyone before. She had been prepared to give Kylo Ren her body, but would she be willing to give more than that? If Rey let feelings get a hold of her... well, that would put her in a precarious position, indeed. No, she couldn’t allow herself to do that. Rey shouldn’t. And she wouldn’t. Reluctantly, she lifted her head off his door and slowly turned back towards her bedroom. It was probably better this way. Rey was halfway there when she heard the sound of shattering glass come from his room. She whipped her head back towards the ruckus. "Fuck!" he cursed loudly. Rey heard as he threw several more things around. She contemplated going in his room to stop him. Rey didn't want him to cause any serious damage or worse, injure himself, but she was suddenly overcome with exhaustion. She didn't have the energy to deal with him so she stayed rooted in place. There was one last smash of noise before it finally quieted once more. Once she was sure he was done, Rey went back inside her room. She closed the door behind her and shuffled sleepily into bed. As soon as her head hit the pillow, she dozed off into a deep sleep. xxxx Kylo was standing outside her doorway, lost in thought. He wanted to be with her. He wanted to hold her… kiss her… please her… love her. Fucking shit. Deep down, he knew it all along. Ever since he first saw her, Kylo knew. He loved her. He fucking loved her. It didn’t matter that it made no logical sense. It was crazy, he knew. But people did crazy things when they were in love. Or so he heard. He’d never experienced love before, but this had to be it, right? It had to be why he was always thinking about her. Why her touch made everything seem better. Why every time he saw her smile, his world would stop. Why he wanted nothing but her to be happy. Love had to be how she seemed to have somehow injected herself into his veins and took over his entire being. Goddamn it, was it taking all his strength to fight this feeling. Kylo would have liked nothing more than to barge right in her room and resume where they'd left off, but he couldn’t. He had tried to find some relief on his own, but it did nothing to mollify him. The mess he left behind in his room was evidence of that. He was irritated with himself for almost losing control. He needed to be more careful. Kylo regretted having too much to drink, but the mention of his father over dinner had a resounding effect on him. He only thought to drown away his sorrows and it did help to do that - for a while. But it had also been the liquid courage he needed to act on his urges with Kira. Kylo groaned as his hand ran over his face, then rested at his jaw. Would it really be so bad if he were to bed Kira? He knew she was more than willing to do so, that was part of her job description. He winced at that. He would not do that to her. Besides, Kylo knew he wouldn’t be satisfied with only sex. He wanted to give Kira all of him and he wanted all of her in return. He needed all of her. But did she? Kylo shook his head. Of course she didn’t. Kira was there with him because he paid her to do so. It was then that he remembered how she had pulled away from his attempted kiss. Now her “no kissing on the mouth” rule made more sense to him. It was probably a way for her to detach herself, to be numb to it all as men did what they wanted to her body. His head hung and his shoulders dropped at the realization. The thought of it made him feel sad and despondent. He would not pressure her to do something she didn’t wish to. If Kira really did want him, she would have said so and she hadn’t. Her presence alone would have to suffice, Kylo reminded himself. He would ignore his feelings for her, bury them deep inside him and pray for the strength to keep them there. With that resolve, he stepped away from her door and headed back to his own bed. xxxx Rey slowly opened her eyes as she started to wake up. She yawned as she reached for her phone to look at the time. It was still pretty early in the morning and she seriously considered rolling over to her side to continue sleeping. Her eyelids started to droop, about to give in when she remembered that Kylo mentioned he needed to be up early today. Rey wasn’t sure exactly when, but she thought it’d be best to be ready. She groaned loudly while she sat up in bed. If she got up now she would have time to squeeze in a workout. That would probably help wake her up, too. Rey made her way over to the bathroom, shooting a glance towards Kylo’s room. His door was closed so she assumed he was still asleep. Once her face was clean and her teeth brushed, Rey changed into her activewear. Grabbing her phone and earphones, she headed to exit the suite when she happened to notice a door just off the master bedroom. Apparently, she had missed it when she first toured the place. Rey opened it to find that it was a small exercise room. That’s convenient , Rey thought, taking a gander. There were mirrored walls all around the room. Over to the right, there were the essentials - an elliptical, a treadmill, and a stationary bike. Rey also saw some dumbbells, exercise balls, yoga mats, and a bench. She placed her earbuds in as she got on the elliptical and started pedaling away. As she was lip-synching the words to “Sexy and I Know It,” the tall, imposing figure of Kylo Ren entered the room. She stopped abruptly, taking out one earphone as he made eye contact with her. His eyes roamed over her sweaty body before giving her a small nod. “Morning,” he greeted, making his way over to the treadmill next to her. “Good morning,” replied Rey as she gawked at him. Kylo was wearing a sleeveless top and running shorts. The gray top was tight on him, snugly hugging his hard chest and showing off his massive chiseled arms. Rey absently thought how his taut pecs seemed like they would fit perfectly inside her palms. She looked down his body and realized just how meaty his long legs were. Fuck, it was the most amount of skin Rey had ever seen of him and it was making her salivate. She licked her dry lips as he powered on the treadmill. “Did you sleep well?” he asked, his head down while he clicked on buttons. His question stirred Rey away from her reverie. “What? Oh, um, yeah. I slept ok,” she replied, resuming her pedaling once more. “Could’ve been better, though. And yourself?” “Me? Yeah, uh,” he answered, still not looking her way. “It was - yeah, I slept great. Yep. Thanks.” “Oh, really?” Rey scoffed, slowing her pace. “Even after what happened last night?” “Last night?” Kylo asked nervously, his hand running through his hair. “Oh! You mean you heard when I tripped over the lamp in my room. I’m sorry if that woke you, but I didn’t get hurt badly or anything. Just stubbed my toe.” That’s not what I fucking meant, dumbass. “Is that all you remember from last night?” Rey asked, halting her movements to turn towards him. One hand rested on her hip while she waited for him to answer. Kylo scratched his face and squinted up at the ceiling, as if he would find the answer written up there for him. “It’s all pretty much a blur,” he finally said to her. Kylo shook his head as he exhaled deeply. “I had a bit too much to drink.” And with that he put on his headphones, pressed the start button and began to run in place. Rey glowered at him, her mouth slightly ajar. This asshole is going to act like nothing happened last night?! He was drunk, yes, but he wasn’t black-out drunk! It took Rey all her inner strength not to smack him upside the head, choosing to squeeze the handles in her hand until her knuckles turned white instead. If he wasn’t going to acknowledge it, then she sure as hell wasn’t going to let him know how much last night affected her either. Two can play that game. She placed her earbud back in and started pedalling twice as hard as before. As the two continued with their workouts, both would sneak glances at the other when they weren’t looking. A half hour went by with them going back and forth like that until Rey finally caught a glimpse from him. Smirking, she thought now would be a good time to stop and do some stretching. Kylo would get a much better view of her that way. Rey got off the elliptical, feeling his gaze on her as she went to grab a yoga mat. Placing herself in front of the treadmill, she unrolled the mat and removed her shoes, stepping on it with her back to him. Casually, Rey stretched her arms out to the side and overhead. As her arms came back down, she slowly bent into a downward-facing dog pose. She held that position for a few seconds, making Kylo lose his footing as he admired her fantastic derrière. Rey stifled her laughter as she saw him quickly pull the emergency stop key to avoid from falling flat on his face. “Are you alright?” she asked him as she changed to sit Indian style on her mat, facing him. “Uh, yeah. Yes, I'm ok," he responded hurriedly, trying desperately to regain his composure. "But you won't be if you keep stretching like that." "Is that so?" Rey asked flirtatiously. "And why is that?" Kylo moved off the treadmill to stand in front of her mat, looking down at her. Crossing his arms, he shook his head in a most disapproving manner. "Because," he took one step closer, "your form is all wrong." "What?" "You could injure yourself or strain something," he told her in a concerned tone, though his face was unreadable. "You need a teacher. Let me help you.” Rey rolled her eyes at him. Was he actually being serious? "Duly noted," Rey mocked, standing up on her mat. "But unless you’re a yoga instructor or something, I don't need your help.” “No, I’m not a yoga instructor,” Kylo replied. “But my ex-girlfriend was and she taught me everything she knew. Please, allow me to share what I know with you.” Rey was filled with a sudden surge of jealousy at the mention of an old girlfriend. She was taken aback both at this new emotion and with his insistence. Why was she envious of someone she’d never even met? Why did he care so much about her stretching properly? It was stupid and didn’t make any sense. She was about to turn him down once more, but one look into that puppy dog face of his and she couldn’t remember why she was about to say no. “Bloody hell. Fine,” she sighed, frustrated at herself for letting him win. “Teach me.” “Great,” Kylo said with a small quirk of his upper lip. “Turn around and bend over.” Rey’s breath caught in her throat at his words. His tone was anything but salacious, yet that didn’t deter Rey from getting slightly turned on. She felt that pull deep in her lower abdomen once more as she slowly turned around. Rey shuddered as she bent over at her hip in an upside-down V, with her hands and feet pressing into the floor. She could feel her heart rate begin to quicken in her chest, drumming loudly in her ears as she tried to hold her pose. She heard him clear his throat before she felt a hand press gently to her lower back. “You need to adjust here. It needs to be more inward.” “Ok,” Rey breathed, delighting at the feel of his hand on her. “How do I go about doing that?” She felt his hand leave her, making her want to whine in protest. Her head remained hanging between her shoulders, making his legs the only part visible to her. “Try this,” Kylo’s hands gripped her hips firmly, the sudden motion eliciting a soft gasp from Rey. “Bend your knees deeply so your pelvis tilts up towards me.” She moved swiftly, lifting off her heel and bumping her rear right into his crotch. “Like that?” “Yes,” Kylo answered, stepping back a little. “Uh, good job.” “Thanks,” Rey huffed, wishing he hadn’t moved so she could continue to feel him there . “Now what?” “Now,” Kylo said, his hands still gripping her hips. Rey felt when his grasp slid deliciously down to her upper thighs, squeezing them tightly. “Begin to straighten out your legs.” She really hated herself for wearing leggings instead of shorts right now. Kylo skimmed his grip casually down her thighs, building a pressure deep within her hips. The throbbing sensation in her groin was becoming difficult to ignore as he reached her calves, her breaths becoming shallow with each passing stroke of his fingers on her. Once he reached her feet, Kylo guided her heels into the floor. “Good,” he announced once her legs were aligned correctly. “Now we can focus on the front.” Her eyes followed him as he moved from her rear to stand in front of her. Rey lifted her head a bit to see that Kylo had lowered himself, bending down on one knee. There was a red flush to his cheeks that didn’t go unnoticed by Rey. “First, you need to stop looking at me,” his hand moved her head back into her shoulders. “Good. Now, spread your fingers wide.” Rey hesitated, prompting Kylo to assist by opening up the space between her fingers. He then covered both her hands with his to help her flatten them into the mat. She couldn’t get enough of his hands over her skin. “What about my shoulders? Are they ok?” she asked. Rey held her breath while he slowly traced up her arms, his long fingers leaving a trail of goosebumps behind where he had touched. Finally, he reached her shoulders and grasped at them rather tightly. God, his hands felt huge around her. “Don’t hang your shoulders,” he instructed as he pulled them towards him. “Lift them so that your arms slide forward a bit.” “Ugh!” Rey grunted as she felt her hamstrings stretch. “Are the back of my thighs supposed to feel like they’re on fire?” She heard him chuckle softly. “Yes, that means you’re doing it right.” “Wonderful,” she replied sarcastically as she struggled to breathe evenly. “But I don’t think I can hold this pose for much lon-” Her knees suddenly buckled and she lost her balance, causing her to pummel headfirst into the ground. She closed her eyes for impact against the hard floor, but she landed on top of his soft body instead. She opened her eyes, her cheek smashed against his chest and flushing something fierce. Rey was grateful that she had the excuse of exercising to blame her blush on. She pulled up her head to look at Kylo, who had a concerned look on his face. “Oh my God, I’m so sorry,” Rey apologized, embarrassed for not being strong enough to maintain her bearings. “I…I, uh…” Rey stuttered as she came to realize just how close they were. Well, not all of him was soft, she discovered. She smiled smugly, satisfied at the affect she had on him, even if he would deny it. His tall, muscular body felt heavenly pressed under hers. So divine , Rey decided as both of her hands came up to rub across his chest. She delighted at the fact that his pecs did fit perfectly in her palms. Glancing up to see his face, she noticed how his nostrils flared with his heavy breaths. Her eyes met up with his as Kylo bore into Rey’s stare. It was almost as if he was entranced under her touch. She did not dare look away, as both were trapped under the feral ferocity of their gazes. Rey gasped when she felt his fingers running up the bare skin of her upper arms. His right hand came up to stroke her right cheek, placing a sweaty tendril of hair behind her left ear. Rey was through with niceties at this point. She had him right where she wanted him and she wanted him now . Kylo grunted as Rey pushed her belly into him, trying to lean in closer to his face. “Kira, I - ” he started to say when the low rumbling sound coming from the vibrating phone in his pocket distracted them both. Rey groaned, rolling her eyes as she moved off him so that he could reach it. “What is it, Hux?” he barked gruffly at the person on the other end. “Yes, I know that. I already checked it this morning.” Kylo turned to look at Rey, who had her arms crossed and a most disgruntled look on her face. He mouthed an apology to her as he continued to listen. “Wait, what did you say? Our stock is acting funny? But it’s Saturday. How-” he stood up to pace around the room. His fingers scratched his temple as he grew anxious. Rey unscrewed her face as her irritation with him became concern. “Shit, that doesn’t sound good,” Kylo let out an exasperated sigh as he hastened towards the door. “Ok, let me check my computer to see what the fuck is going on. You call our brokers and get back to me ASAP!” “Is everything alright?” Rey asked him once he hung up. She lifted herself off the floor to go over to where he was standing by the doorway. He turned to look back at her, worry creasing over his brow. “I… I don’t know,” he replied truthfully. Rey was surprised, but appreciative of his sincerity. “Is there anything I can do for you?” she asked him, feeling somewhat silly since she knew there wasn’t anything she could do. Still, it didn't stop her from wanting to. Why did she feel this urge to help him so badly? “No, not really,” he shook his head at her, which made Rey purse her lips in disappointment. “But I appreciate the offer.” His finger went to stroke her jawline, then lifted her chin. She closed her eyes at his caress, but all too soon his hand was gone before she could truly savor the moment. “Go ahead and use the bathroom first,” he ordered her, his tone and face taciturn once more. “I’ll deal with this right now, but be ready in an hour. We’re meeting someone for brunch.” “Ok,” Rey replied as he turned on his heel. She frowned as she watched him go, but then he stopped to glance back over his shoulder. “Perhaps later we can talk about what just happened in there.... and last night, too,” Kylo called back right before he slipped inside his room, closing the door behind him. It took Rey a moment to process what he had said. Her eyes grew wide when Rey understood what he meant, at once both relieved and worried. xxxx Maybe more worried than anything else , she admitted to herself, sitting across from Kylo. They were seated outside on the patio of the hotel’s European-style cafe, surrounded by tables adorned with colorful flowers. His fingers thrummed on the white linen covering the circular table in between them. His phone had been glued to his ear since that earlier call, trying to deal with whatever it was that needed to be dealt with. Rey watched as people walked on by the bustling street the cafe faced out on. It was a beautiful fall morning, complete with clear blue skies and sunshine beaming warmly down. Rey was grateful for the picturesque weather, having decided to wear her one-shoulder plum Victoria Beckham dress . She fidgeted with the hardware of her white leather Gucci shoulder bag in an attempt to calm her raging nerves. What if he wants to reject my advances? Maybe he’s married and he feels it’s wrong? What if he wants me to stop bugging him because he doesn’t really want me? “Good morning, my name is Stephen and I will be your waiter today. May I start you off with something to drink?” a short older man appeared beside their table, jolting Rey from her thoughts and Kylo from his phone. “I’ll have some water for now,” Kylo announced without looking at the waiter, covering the lower half of his phone. “We’re still waiting for one more.” “Of course, sir. I shall bring an extra water for them. And for you, miss?” the waiter turned to look at Rey. “I’ll have a mimosa, please,” she answered him. He nodded then left. "Up $1.2 million? Excellent! I'm glad we were able to get to the bottom of this," she heard Kylo say into his phone. Rey found herself smiling at him. "I'll be in a meeting so I won't be able to take any calls for the next hour or so. Don't hesitate to call my assistant should you need anything, though." He didn't say farewell, pressing the red button in a hurry. Kylo breathed out a sigh of relief and looked at Rey, who was beaming at him. She was happy that things seemed to be better for him now. He gave her a small, closed-lip smile in return. "All is well, I hope?" she asked him, genuinely interested. "Yes," he simply stated as the waiter came to place down their drinks. "All is well." "Good," she said, taking a small sip of her mimosa. "Would you like to order now or wait until your guest arrives?" the waiter asked them. Kylo looked sideways, noticing the empty seat beside him. "She still isn't here?" he shot a quick glance at his watch, furrowing his brows. "She's late. Where the fuck could she be?" His eyes wandered all over the cafe, hoping desperately to spot his guest somewhere. "I guess we'll order first and she can order when she gets here. I'll have the quiche Lorraine. Do you know what you want, Kira?" You… beneath me as I ride you hard. "I'll have the brioche French toast sandwich, please." "Good choice, miss," the waiter told her as he took their menus. Both Kylo and Rey watched him go back inside the cafe. Slowly, their gazes turned back to one another. It was just the two of them now. Alone. Kylo was about to say something when Rey abruptly cut him off. "So, who are we waiting for?" she blurted out, cursing herself for not asking what she really wanted to. Kylo blinked at her, then straightened up in his chair. "A woman by the name of Maz Kanata," he informed her, drinking a bit of his water. He regretted not ordering some coffee to help with the slight headache he had. "She's the owner of a company called Takodana, Inc. Recently, she announced that she would be merging with a bigger company, the D'Qar Group," he continued as he looked once more at his wrist. "I wanted to offer to buy her shares now before the merger goes through." "Oh," Rey replied back, taking another sip of her citrusy drink. "And do you know her?" "I do, but my father knew her more," he answered, his mouth turning down slightly. "The last time I saw her I was still going by the name of Ben Solo." Rey perked up at the mention of his old moniker. She had wanted to ask him more about that, but hadn't had the chance to. Luckily, he brought up the subject himself. "So, Kylo Ren isn't your birth name?" "No, it's not," Kylo replied, his brown eyes meeting her hazel ones. "I changed it to Kylo Ren when I turned 18. I wanted to come out of my father's shadow, be my own person. I didn't want people to treat me differently just because of who my dad was." "I see. He seemed to be very important to you, though." Rey said to him. "Why would you want to do that?" "My relationship with my father was tumultuous," Kylo’s gaze was downcast as his hand fiddled around with his napkin. "A lot more downs than ups. Come to think of it, I can hardly remember any good times." "That's so sad, " Rey remarked. She immediately went to grab his hand. Kylo stared vacantly, blinking a couple times before intertwining his fingers with hers. "I'm very sorry to hear that, but at least he was a part of your life. I would've loved to have gotten to know mine." Kylo squinted up at her, his own curiosity piqued. He wanted to know more, but he didn't press further as it didn't end well the last time he did. Instead, he’d wait for her to offer up anything she felt like sharing. He would gladly take whatever she wished to share. "I guess you're right," he admitted to her. "I just wished he were more present when I was growing up. I really needed him at times, but he would always wave me off and bury himself in his work. Sometimes… well, most of the time, I felt like I wasn't good enough for him. That I was his biggest disappointment." "Even when I made my first million in college, he wasn't impressed. He actually was mad at me because I had used risky strategies, something he was very against," Kylo scoffed at the memory. "I think he was just pissed because I had proved him wrong. He was a cocky son-of-a-bitch, that's for sure. As if the world of finance isn't risky in itself." "He was in finance, too, then?" Rey cocked her head to the side, completely enthralled by everything he was telling her. Why was she so fascinated by all this? Or rather, why was she so fascinated by him? The waiter came with their food in tow, placing the dishes in front of them. They let go of each other's hand to make room, even though neither really wished to part. "Is there anything else you need right now?" the waiter asked tentatively. "No, that's it for now," Kylo dismissed him with a wave, pissed that he had interrupted them. "Bon appetit!" the waiter said before leaving them alone again. "Yes, he was, actually," Kylo resumed as he took a bite of his food. "He was the CEO and founder of his own company, Millennium Falcon." "Wait, you're talking about the Millennium Falcon?" Rey stopped cutting her French toast, mouth dropping open at the realization. "The one with the huge scandal?" “Mm-hmm,” Kylo responded, swallowing his food and frowning sullenly at her. “That very one.” Rey didn’t know too many details about it, only that the news kept saying something about fraud. Or was it conspiracy? Money laundering? Whatever the hell it was, it caused the once great company to collapse spectacularly. “I was actually working for him at the time,” Kylo continued, looking more desolate with every word he spoke. Putting down his fork, he sighed heavily. “It’s ok,” Rey reassured him, leaning in to catch his hand once more. “You don’t have to keep talking about it, if you don’t want to.” Kylo glanced down at their hands then peered up at her through his lashes. This time, he didn’t twist his fingers with hers, withdrawing his hand out from underneath hers instead. “He ended up going to prison shortly after he was convicted,” he said with his head hung low, starting at his plate. “And he died of a heart attack only days after.” Rey remained silent, studying his features. He looked to be in so much pain, anguished with … guilt? “My mother was so upset. It tore her apart. She and I haven’t spoken to one another since his death. She’s never been the same after that,” he breathed, rubbing his nose with his finger. “And neither have I, to be honest.” “His death seemed to have affected you deeply,” Rey stated, not sure what else to say to him. “It did. I feel it was my fault,” he confided, shocked by his own admission. Kylo never uttered those words aloud to anyone before. And it felt… good . It was almost as if letting her come to where he was broken within could start to mend the bleakest corners of his soul. The light meeting the dark. He remained silent, mulling over his thoughts. Rey wanted to ask what he had meant, but she needed to console him, too. She gazed at her hand and stayed quiet, trying to find the right words to say. She watched him grab his glass to take a long sip of water. Rey lifted her eyes to meet his, but was distracted by a man standing behind Kylo. He looked rather nervous, pale even, with fearful blue eyes and a quivering lip. It seemed he wanted to get Kylo’s attention, and his eyes looked over to Rey for help. "Uh, I think someone wants to talk to you," Rey said to Kylo, gesturing him to look behind. Kylo raised an eyebrow and whipped back to see his assistant standing there, twiddling his fingers and smiling nervously. "Begging your pardon, Mr. Ren,” he squeaked, then nodded towards Rey. “Miss.” "Kira, this is Mitaka, my assistant,” Kylo introduced him, looking back at Rey. “Mitaka, this is Kira, a friend of mine." "Nice to meet you, Mitaka,” Rey offered her hand with a small smile. “This pleasure’s all mine, miss,” he replied, shaking her hand and growing more nervous with every passing second. “What the fuck are you doing here, Mitaka?” Kylo asked bluntly, scrunching up his face with mild concern. “You’re supposed to be in New York - that’s what we decided on.” “Yes, sir, and I have a flight to catch back home soon, but-” Mitaka swallowed hard, his eyes looking back and forth between the empty chair next to Kylo and his boss’ unwavering gaze. “-I’ve come here to personally inform you that Ms. Kanata will not be joining you.” “What?” Kylo drawled out, hoping he had misheard his assistant. His grip around his glass tightened. “I’m terribly sorry, Mr. Ren,” he continued to tell him as a drop of sweat visibly ran down his face. “I did everything I could to get her to come, sir. I even came to see her personally, but she still said no!” Rey noticed when Kylo’s hand drew back as he was about to throw down his glass. “Ah!” she yelled as she quickly grabbed hold of it before he could do so. “I’ll hold on to this, thank you.” Kylo was impressed with her quick reflex, letting go of his glass to turn his attention back towards his bumbling assistant. “Mitaka,” he sneered softly, a hint of contempt in his voice. “I told you how important it was for me to meet with her. I told you she had better not cancel and you had to find a way. Or else-” “Or else it’d be my head,” Mitaka interjected mockingly to Kylo’s surprise. “Yes, sir, I know! I know! And I tried to tell you yesterday that she said no, but you wouldn’t listen, sir!” Kylo stood up to his full height to look down on his assistant, his nostrils flaring and fists clenching at his sides. “I - I’m terribly sorry, sir,” Mitaka closed his eyes and held perfectly still, petrified under Kylo’s intense glare. “I’ve just been under a lot of stress these last 24 hours. I’m so sorry!” He apologized as he sweated profusely, making Rey sympathize with him. “Ren!” Rey spoke up, admonishing Kylo for not being more understanding. “He did the best he could. Don’t be so harsh! Look at him. He’s terrified!” Kylo glanced over his shoulder at her briefly, then returned his gaze to the mewling man before him. He uncurled his fists and took one step back, releasing one long breath. “Mitaka,” Kylo said, peeking back at Rey then returning to look at his assistant, “it has come to my attention that I may have been a little too hard on you. For that, I apologize.” Mitaka opened one eye, then upon realizing his boss was serious, opened his other eye and visibly relaxed. Once he grasped the fact that Kylo actually offered him an apology, his eyes practically bulged out of their sockets. Rey chuckled at the bewildered look on his face. The man was rendered speechless. “I do appreciate the effort you’ve placed,” Kylo continued, ignoring his employee’s baffled expression, “though I am disappointed with your results. Please, explain to me why Ms. Kanata wasn’t able to come today.” “Sir, please understand I did my best,” Mitaka straightened himself, adjusting his tie and his falling hair. “I even went to visit her at her home early this morning, but she still declined your invitation. I can’t say I blame her, though.” “What do you mean by that?” Kylo crossed his arms, growing more impatient by the second. “Just spit it out already!” “A wedding, sir!” Mitaka exclaimed hurriedly before he incurred the wrath of his boss again. “She has a wedding to go to today, Mr. Ren. Her daughter is getting married!” “I see,” Kylo simply replied. His face was expressionless as he got out his phone to look at his calendar. He sighed deeply. “Today’s the only day I can meet with her.” Kylo looked to Rey, who was watching him intently, then turned back to face Mitaka. “You wouldn’t happen to know when and where this wedding is to take place, would you?” he asked Mitaka. “Actually, yes I do, sir.” “Perfect,” Kylo said as he went to sit back down across Rey. “Finish up, Kira. It looks like we’ve got a wedding to crash.” Notes: A wedding! I love weddings! Drinks all around :D Thanks for being patient with this latest update. Hearing from you guys is the best and helps me to keep writing. And I LOVE hearing what you guys think so far, so drop me a comment if you'd like :) Thank you for reading, as always! Chapter 6 : Six Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Where to, sir?” the chauffeur asked once they situated themselves in the back seat of the black bespoke Rolls Royce. The luxurious vehicle, whose interior resembled that of a limousine, was provided by the hotel. The spacious rear passenger compartment, adorned by plush white leather seats with unique embroidered motifs against black ash wood veneer panels, had the look and feel of a secluded upscale lounge. “The Morton Arboretum,” Kylo answered back gruffly. “Oh, that’s a beautiful place to take a beautiful lady, sir,” the driver commented as he pulled away from the hotel. “The weather is damn near perfect today, too. A fantastic 79 degrees!” “Yes, it’s a gorgeous day out,” Rey remarked cheerily, grinning as she looked out the tinted window. “Not a cloud in the sky.” “Are you guys going for a romantic stroll through the trees?” the chauffeur asked trying to make small talk, which irritated Kylo. “We’re going to a wedding, actually,” Rey told the driver. She admired the lively scenery as they drove down Lake Shore Drive, the waters of Lake Michigan sparkling like Swarovski crystals beneath the shining sun. “Oh, a wedding? How nice - ” the driver started to converse before Kylo abruptly cut him off. “Yes, it’s nice, but some silence would be nicer.” The chauffeur cleared his throat. “My apologies, sir.” “Just let us know when we’re there,” Kylo ordered as he pressed the button that brought up the partition wall between the front and rear seats. The chauffeur nodded in acknowledgment before disappearing behind the privacy screen. Rey slapped his shoulder, taking Kylo by surprise. “Don’t be such an arse,” Rey scowled at him. “He was just being friendly.” He turned to glare at her for hitting him, but his anger quickly dissipated. One look into her hazel eyes and he found himself hopelessly hypnotized. “I didn’t feel like talking,” Kylo said to her, his gaze running down her body, “at least not with him.” The air between them suddenly felt dense and thick with heat, even though the air conditioner was on full blast. Rey saw how his demeanor changed posthaste from that of a perfect gentleman to a wanton scoundrel. It awakened that familiar ache low between her legs. “Is that what you want to do, Kylo?” she asked, her teeth scraping over her bottom lip. “Talk?” Kylo hadn't had the chance to regard her until this moment. She looked exquisite in her elegant plum dress, the clean lines flattering her slim body and accentuating all the right curves. The dress reached just past her knees and had an appliqué of black lace over its only strap, the one-shoulder design exposing her lithe arms and shoulders. Her hair was styled into a sleek low ponytail with a deep side part, which highlighted her pretty eyes and cheekbones. Kylo licked his lips once his roaming eyes reached her fixed stare. “Yeah, I would very much like to talk, Kira,” he breathed out. “Then I don’t think you’ll mind if I find a more comfortable seat,” Rey said while unclicking her seatbelt. Kylo was about to demand she put it back on as he didn’t want to risk her safety, but he couldn’t. Words escaped him as he sat there, paralyzed. He watched as she scooted closer to his side. Rey was thoroughly enjoying his lingering stare. She reveled at his undivided attention. Rey felt wanted, desired and she didn’t want that magnificent feeling to go away. She lifted her dress until the hem reached her mid thighs, allowing her legs to move more freely. It enabled her to go over and straddle Kylo. He didn’t protest as she rested astride him, his large hands automatically coming up to grab her small waist. “Ah, yes,” Rey moaned, taking off his seatbelt and wrapping her arms around his neck. “This is so much more comfortable. Now we can talk.” He should have tried to resist her, but she was magnetic and he was putty in her hands. She rested her forehead against his, their noses a centimeter away from touching. "Last night, I..." Kylo started to say before he lost his train of thought. She was so close to him, he could see the freckles dotting across her face and the slight specks of yellow in her eyes. She was breathtakingly beautiful. "Oh, so last night wasn't a blur after all?" Rey teased as she played with the hair on the back of his head. Her touch felt heavenly, though a bit distracting, but Kylo didn't dare attempt to stop her. "No," he replied, struggling to catch his breath. "I'm sorry for almost crossing a line." "What line? The one you placed on yourself?" Rey quipped, leaning her head sideways. He didn't know how to respond to that so he remained silent. "Why don't you want to have sex with me?" She asked, lifting her head from his. Rey grabbed his left hand from her waist and studied it. "I don't see a ring on here, but is it because you're married? Do you feel guilty?" Kylo shook his head. "No, I'm not married. I'm single.” Rey smiled triumphantly at that. "Ok, so help me out here. What's the issue?" She twisted her fingers with his. "Why no sex?" "I don't exactly feel comfortable... paying for it." "Really? That's why you won't do it?” she giggled softly. “Oh darling, did nobody tell you the sex comes free?" "Free?" he frowned at her, not quite understanding what she meant. "You pay for my time and company. Should sex happen when we’re together, well… rest assured it's because both of us wanted it to,” she explained, giving him a small wink. “It's the little loophole we have so that, technically, what we do isn't illegal." "Oh," Kylo said, dumbstruck at the revelation. "Well, I'm not sure if you truly want to. That you want me." "Of course I want to,” she replied quickly, gripping his hand firmly. "You do?" he asked, an inflection of incredulousness in his voice. Rey bounced her head up and down eagerly like a bobblehead toy. “Who wouldn't? I mean, look at you. I've wanted you since that first night." It was exactly what Kylo needed from her. He had to hear those words come from her sultry lips, a verbal affirmation of her advances and behavior. And he believed her without any trepidation whatsoever. Sure, she had lied to him before, but he knew she wasn't lying this time. He couldn’t be too hard on her for having lied to him previously. That was the past and he wished to remain in the present. Who was he to judge and condemn? It wasn't like he was a saint himself. Besides, when you truly loved someone, you loved them unconditionally, with all their faults and imperfections. That was what love was. And he was certain that he loved her. He would simply have to work to earn her trust. "Do you not want me?" she asked feebly, pouting her lips and pulling him away from his reverie. "What? Of course I want you. I've wanted you since I first laid eyes on you,” he let go of her, moving to hold her face between his hands. His thumbs stroked across her cheeks, his touch gentle and tender. Rey was on cloud nine, having finally heard it with her own ears that he did want her. He did desire her. And that was the rush she craved. "I do want you, Kira. I want all of you." "Wait, all of me?" she frowned at him, shifting slightly. "What do you mean all of me?" Kylo bore into her eyes, his thumb running across her bottom lip. "I mean that I don't just want your body," he pulled her closer so their lips almost touched. "I want your heart, your mind, your everything . I want it all… and I’d give you all of me, too.” Rey felt conflicted, wanting to simultaneously catch his lips with hers and shove him away. While she was elated to find out Kylo wanted her, she wasn't willing to give him more than sex. Rey had to keep her heart protected. She couldn't let the walls she built up to come down. Not for anyone. "I- I can't, Kylo," she whispered, shaking her head. She removed his hands from her face, moving slowly off and away from him to return back to her seat. "Why not?" Kylo asked in anguish. "Do you already have a boyfriend?" "Hmm? No, I don't have a boyfriend... or a girlfriend," she replied, glancing back at him. He seemed distraught, but perked up a little when she denied being with someone. "It’s kind of difficult to have one with this job. I've also actually never been in a relationship before." "Never?" Kylo couldn't hide the hint of glee in his tone. He was glad to learn that and it made him desperately want to be her first. And only one, too, if he could have his way. Damn, how he loved her. "Relationships aren't my thing," she commented, grimacing. "Can't we keep this casual? Just sex?" "No, I can't do that," he replied firmly. Couldn't she see what she did to him? He wouldn't be satisfied with just a taste of her. He wasn't just thirsty, he was hungry for her. Only her. "I know that I want you. And I want it all... or nothing at all." He saw as she took in his words, both pensive and skeptical. Kylo knew he didn't deserve her. He was not worthy of her, of any happiness. But it didn't stop him from wanting it, from wishing to try. He'd much prefer to make an attempt than not. "That’s a bit extreme," she stated, thinking Kylo couldn't really want her . He didn't know her. She was a complete stranger to him. For fuck's sake, he didn't even know her real name. If he found out the truth, who she really was, he wouldn't be so infatuated. He would see that she was a tawdry person without any true worth. A nobody. He’d be disappointed once he discovered she wasn’t who he had imagined her to be. And then he would leave. Everyone always did leave her in the end. “I don't think it's extreme,” he replied nonchalantly. "How would it even work, Kylo? You don’t live here," she reminded him. Maybe this fact would help convince him otherwise. He had to see that anything more was destined for failure. "I'd make it work," he affirmed in a most confident manner. God, he was so fucking smug. "New York’s not that far. Trust me, I would find a way. We could find a way." "We don't live in a fantasy world, Kylo. We live in reality and reality sucks," she crossed her arms as she looked out her window. "Long distance relationships don't work. It's a fact." "Says who?" he retorted, sliding closer to her. Kylo softly grabbed her chin, making her turn back to face him. "We can at least try. I'd be willing to." For a brief moment, her eyes remained steady and unblinking. Then her expression grew tense and she shook her head at him. Kylo’s forehead wrinkled with uneasiness. He had to convince her somehow. He was not going to let her slip away. "Fine. Then come to New York, live with me. I could take care of you," he said to her, his voice filled with a gentleness and sincerity he never knew he was capable of. Rey's eyes grew wide, her hand grabbing his to remove it from her face. “I don’t need anyone to take care of me,” she huffed, dismissing the preposterous idea that someone would actually want to do that. It’d be a huge mistake on her part to entertain such drivel. “I've been on my own all my life. I can handle myself. Besides, I can't go to New York! I have to stay here..." To finish school , she thought, stopping herself before saying it aloud. He did not need to know that or anything else about her. Rey would not rely on anyone ever. She couldn’t allow herself to become so vulnerable. "Ok, then I'll move here if I have to," he told her. Rey leaned back into her seat, slack-jawed. She must have misheard him. Did he just say… "But I need you in my life, Kira. I want you to be mine,” Kylo continued, staring at Rey as if she was the world’s greatest treasure. “You said that you wanted me. And if that's true, then you'll give it a shot. I know you feel that there’s something here because I feel it, too. Please, give us a chance." Rey was shocked, unable to believe the words that had come spilling out of his mouth. He'd move here for her ? But why? Why would he do that for her? No, he'd move here for Kira, not you , she heard a small dark voice within say. He doesn't know who you are. You're a liar, a deciever. Once he finds out that you're nothing special, that you’re no one, he'll leave. And all you'll be left with is heartache and pain. Too absorbed in her musings, she failed to notice Kylo sidle up beside her. She broke away from her thoughts when she felt his hand pull her seatbelt over her, fastening it in place with a click. Rey stared as Kylo’s fingers danced back and forth across the strap over her belly. Her heart thumped hard against her chest at his light strokes. “Please,” he beseeched once more, grabbing her right hand. Pressing a soft, chaste kiss onto her knuckles, Kylo waited patiently for an answer, but Rey was reticent. He knew that he had to persuade her in some way. She had to be his and only his. Kylo had to make her see that he wanted to lay all his love on her. But how? “Has anyone ever told you that you can be... intense?” she finally said to him, eliciting a small chuckle from Kylo. “No,” he pulled her arm gently, stretching it out. “At least not to my face.” “Well, you are,” she joked breathily. “Just so you know.” “Duly noted,” he whispered, planting small kisses up her bare arm. Rey panted with excitement, feeling her temperature rising as they grew deeper, each touch of his lips more passionate than the last. “I’d have to stop being an escort,” she choked out, trying to sound calm in her fevered state, “if I were to be with you.” “Uh-huh,” he mumbled in between pecks. He had reached her shoulders now, grabbing her neck with his other hand to draw her nearer. She didn’t pull away, tipping her head a bit to give him better access. “But how will I make money?” she breathed out, losing her self-control with every smack of his lips against her skin. She clenched her thighs together in an effort to still the sudden agonizing throbs below. It helped a little when Kylo abruptly stopped to look at her, though Rey wished he hadn’t. He moved his hand from her neck to hold her face in his palm, his eyes searching hers. “I thought you said you had another job where you had interned. That that was why you stayed here instead of going back to the U.K.” Rey flitted her eyes at him, pausing a nanosecond before responding. “That job pays shit.” “You’re lying,” he told her, his mouth turning downward in displeasure. How did he know she was lying? He sighed, his hand still pressed against her cheek. “You don’t have to lie to me, Kira. You can tell me anything.” Rey stared back at him, her gaze filled with incredulity. Could it be true? Could she really tell him anything? “I’m not lying,” she squeaked nervously. Her eyes darted down and away from his stare to where her fingers played with his tie. He tilted her head up so that she would look at him again. There was a momentary pause before she exhaled loudly. “Ok, fine. I lied about that. I don’t have another job. I only do this.” His chest swelled with hope. She was opening up to him. It was a small step, but progress nonetheless. “I could help you find something,” he slid his hand back down to her neck, caught unawares at the rapacity of his grasp there. “Because there’s no way in hell I’d share you with anyone else.” Rey swallowed hard, a vociferous sound amidst their shaky breaths. “No, I wouldn’t want to share you, either.” Instinctively, she gripped his collar to pull him closer to her, their mouths a hairbreadth away from crashing into each other. She was surprised at her own feelings of possessiveness over him. It was the first time she’d ever experienced such a thing for someone. What was happening to her? “So are you saying yes, Kira?” he asked in between their pants. She felt his hot breath blow onto her lips, how it teased her and momentarily made her forget why she was even resisting. “I… I...” Rey stammered before she begrudgingly pushed him away. “I think I need some air.” Kylo removed his hand off her and gradually leaned away to give her some space. “Thank you,” she breathed, adjusting herself. Kylo ran his fingers through his hair, respiring deeply in an effort to compose himself. Glancing back towards her, he noticed her hand swiftly come up to cover her mouth. “I know I asked you before and you didn’t want to tell me,” he said, sliding back over to his seat, “but why don’t you want me to kiss your mouth?” She let her hand come up her face, turning slightly away from him so he wouldn’t note the blush forming over the apples of her cheeks. “It was meant to help keep myself in check,” she started to explain, eyeing him briefly. “So that I would be able to comply with your ‘no sex’ rule.” Kylo looked at her inquisitively, not quite understanding what she meant. She sighed heavily, turning completely away from him to look out her window. “I knew that if you kissed my lips, I wouldn’t be able to stop at that,” she said, continuing to stare blankly outside. “I would wish to go further. Much further. And trust me, I would’ve made you break your own stupid rule.” There was a pregnant pause with only the soft whir of the moving car audible in the silence. Suddenly, there was the unmistakable sound of laughter erupting from behind Rey. She twisted back to find him giving her a rare wide-toothed grin. His smile tugged at something deep inside her, melting her from within. His laughter was contagious, making Rey join Kylo in his mirth with her own fit of giggles. The walls she worked hard to create were beginning to splinter for him, chipping away at its tough exterior. “Yes, I think you probably would have,” Kylo agreed, his laughter diminishing. “I guess we both have been suffering needlessly.” He extended his hand out to her, opening up his palm. Rey stared at it, wanting to take it and feel herself come alive with his touch. But she didn’t. Rey couldn’t allow herself to trip lest she fall. “Yes, we have,” she lifted her gaze from his hand to look into his warm, brown eyes. “And we’ll continue to do so if you keep being so dramatic.” “Dramatic? Why? For wanting to be with you?” “Yes!” she yelled at him, throwing her hands up in exasperation. “We could just fuck and be done with this! But no, it’s ‘all or nothing’ with you,” Rey used air quotes for further emphasis, pissed he got her to make that annoying gesture. “I don’t think I can do that, Kylo.” Both stayed quiet as they glared at each other intensely, their eyes filling with an animal attraction with each passing second. Kylo decided to take advantage of the rising fire kindling between them. “I think you can,” Kylo answered back gently. “Because only then can you kiss me,” he inched closer to her, slowly, “and fuck me all you want, Kira.” Rey released a gasping breath. He had come up right beside her, grabbing hold of her neck to caress her sensitive skin. “You need only say yes,” he said to her, his voice laced with a fervent zeal. She sat as still as a mannequin under his spell, piercing into his heady gaze. Her mouth went dry as the tip of his nose brushed along her jawline. “Say yes and be mine.” Rey realized a major shift had just occurred then. It was only quite recently that she was the one trying to seduce him into sex. Now Kylo had taken on the role of seducer, luring her into a relationship by using sex. How the hell did that happen? If he only knew the truth , Rey thought to herself. The fact of the matter was that he didn’t know the truth. Rey had heard before that ignorance was bliss and she thought it to be true. Kylo had not known that she was unworthy of his or anyone else’s affections. She was good for sex, yes, but more than that? No. She wasn’t. It would just be a matter of time until he’d figure that out. Even though a deep part of her wished to, she couldn’t believe him when he said he wanted her . Rey couldn’t trust the butterflies fluttering ferociously about inside her core. These butterflies that only he was able to bring out in her. Sure, they felt good now, but they would most likely betray her later. To let him in, to let down her guard - it was too risky. It was best to play it safe. The less risk involved, the better. Don’t let anyone in. Don’t get attached. That’s what she had always told herself before. Keeping people at arm's length had worked for her. Solitude was what she was used to and it was what kept her from any harm. Though at that moment, she found it hard to deny that it was rather lonely, being on her own. I'm better off alone, though. Always have been. Always will be. Alone. “Can you at least think on it? Please?” Kylo asked as he cupped her pretty face in both his hands, removing her from her racing thoughts. Rey gazed into his stare, clutching onto his wrists. He was giving her that stupid look again, the one where he looked like a lost, sad puppy. She found it frustratingly hard to resist him then. “Ok,” she conceded while closing her eyes, “I’ll think about it, Kylo.” She felt him pull her face closer, making Rey pucker her lips slightly. She readied herself to finally feel his luscious mouth on hers. The pad of his right thumb touched her cupid’s bow lightly and made its way down slowly, lingering once it reached her bottom lip. “You can kiss me once you’ve made the right decision,” he said as he pulled away from her to exit the vehicle. Rey’s eyes flew open, releasing a shuddering breath and her limbs like jello in the wake of his leave. She hadn’t even realized when the car had stopped moving. “Bastard,” she muttered under her breath, watching as he left and walked over to her door. Kylo opened it and offered his hand for her to take. Rey stared at it, then glanced up at him. His eyes were brimming with what she could only perceive as… hope. Should she say yes and give him a chance? Give them a chance? Or should she slam the door in his face and stop all this nonsense right here, right now? Sighing loudly, she undid her seatbelt and placed her hand in his to get out of the car. “I heard that,” he told her amusingly once she was at his side. The corner of his lip quirked up a bit when she scoffed at him. “Hopefully, I can be your bastard. Only yours.” A shy smile started to appear across her face as she walked beside him. Perhaps it wasn’t such a bad idea agreeing to consider his offer. But was she willing to pay the asking price for Kylo Ren to be hers? She held tight onto his hand, finding that she didn’t want to let go. Only yours. Rey thought she rather liked the sound of that. Notes: In the words of Michael from "The Office": Well, well, well, how the turntables... :P So finally, some real talk happened between these two. Kylo Ren has declared himself! He wants Rey to be his! Yes! But poor, sweet Rey is too guarded, too scared to let anyone in, you guys :/ At least she's agreed to think about it, though... right? The next update will be the wedding, yay! To my lovely commenters, LOVE YOU guys! Hearing from you gives me motivation to keep writing, you've NO idea ;) To my readers, THANKS A MILLION for joining me :D Chapter 7 : Seven Notes: Hello all! I hope everyone had a nice holiday with loved ones. I wanted to take a moment to dedicate this chapter to Carrie Fisher, our amazing space mom. You will be sorely missed <3 So, the role of Maz Kanata in this fic will be played by the brillant and beautiful Lupita N'yongo - just imagine her to be in her mid to late 50s. Go ahead, it's not that hard. We all now she's gonna look the same as she does now haha. I'm picturing someone with a striking resemblance to Chanel Iman as her daughter. Shout out to my lovely beta/cousin who helped me through the little funk I was experiencing due to some lack of self confidence. Thankfully, she was able to offer words of encouragement and I was able to produce this chapter. She truly is my personal cheerleader. Love you, cuz! Alright guys, I won't detain you any longer... let's catch up with these two crazy kids! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I didn’t know there was this much green so close to the city,” Rey remarked, her face exuding wonderment at the picturesque landscape before her. Even though it was officially autumn now, the leaves atop of the countless trees around them were still a lush green color, fighting desperately to accept the fact that summer was over. The sunlight filtered through the leaves like rays of blessings were being cast down upon them both. Kylo looked at Rey as they walked side by side, regarding her closely. The awe in her face matched the twinkle in her eye. Kylo couldn’t help but catch her amazement as he looked about his surroundings. It wasn't simply a forest of trees, it was something more ethereal and transcendent. The towering plants and verdure around them seemed to be of a different world entirely, a place where one could dream of the future and all its possibilities. “Yeah, it really is something else, isn’t it?” he agreed. They strolled hand in hand along a paved trail through the abundant foliage when Kylo suddenly grew worried. “Shit, this place is huge! How are we gonna find Maz?” “Look, there’s someone in a uniform over there! Let’s go ask him,” she yanked on his hand as they hurried over to the park ranger. Rey tapped on his shoulder once they caught up with him, making the ranger turn back towards them. He gave them a friendly smile. “Excuse me, sir. We’re a bit lost here. Could you please direct us to where the wedding is?” she asked with a charming smile. “The wedding?” he queried back, placing his hands on his hips. “Well, which one? There are three weddings taking place right now.” “Fuck!” Kylo cursed under his breath, realizing he didn’t know the name of the bride or the groom. He racked his brain, hoping somehow a name would miraculously come to him. “Actually,” the park ranger interrupted, “the location should be listed on your invitation.” Rey looked nervously back at Kylo, then back to the ranger. “Oh, right. The invitation.” She chuckled, fumbling with the flap of her purse. “Well, could you believe what a wanker I am? I only just realized I left it back home,” Rey lightly smacked her head. “Silly me, I know!” The ranger eyed Rey skeptically, then narrowed his gaze at Kylo who seemed to be lost in thought. He took pity on them when Rey gave him a small, genuine smile. “There’s a wedding right up this trail here on Thornhill Lawn. You could try seeing if that’s the one, and if it isn’t, you can ask one of the employees. They can help you out.” “Brilliant!” Rey exclaimed, continuing to grin at the uniformed man. “Thank you so much, sir!” She gave him a terse nod of appreciation before tugging Kylo by the hand. The action awakened him from his pensive stupor and he followed Rey as she lead him further down the trail. “What a big bloody help you were, Kylo,” Rey murmured once they were out of earshot, releasing his hand to cross her arms. “I’m sorry!” he apologized. “I was trying to remember her name and I kept fucking blanking… but thanks for your help.” “You’re welcome,” she told him, halting her steps to turn and glance at him. Rey thought Kylo looked rather dashing in his Giorgio Armani tailored beige suit, his obsidian hair arranged impeccably as always. He outstretched his hand for her to take once more. Rey looked at it briefly before resuming her steps. “We should get going.” Kylo felt dismayed at her rejection, but he found some comfort in reminding himself that she was still thinking about his proposition. He would just have to be patient and give her space, if that’s what she needed. It didn’t take long for him to catch up to her, both walking in silence. Soon the trail opened up and they found themselves at a clearing. The wide expanse of grass before them was adorned with rows of wooden benches facing a rustic wooden altar where a bride and groom were underneath. “Aww!” Rey cooed at the scene in front of her. “How cute! I’ve never seen a real live wedding before. Never been to one.” “Really?” Kylo asked in a disbelieving tone. Rey shook her head without looking his way, her eyes still glued towards the couple in the distance. “Well, I don't have any family. And I don’t have very many friends,” she shrugged indifferently. “I barely have one friend. Sort of.” “Yeah, I don't have many friends either,” Kylo admitted. “I have been to a couple weddings before, but not because I wanted to. Obligations and all that.” “Hmm,” Rey hummed as she looked around, taking in the view. “Do you see her? Do you think this is the right wedding?” “It’s kind of hard to tell at this distance,” Kylo replied, squinting. “We’ll need to get closer than this.” He started to make his way forward with Rey matching his pace. There was no longer a paved trail, only smooth meadow grass beneath their feet. They both crept up as quietly as possible so as to not disturb the ceremony already in progress. The two trudged abreast silently when suddenly the heel of Rey’s sandal dug deep into the soil. It made her stumble and she involuntarily squealed when started falling backwards. Kylo caught her in his arms before she hit the ground, but the noise was heard throughout the audience. They all turned back to stare, shooting inquisitive glances at them both. “Shit,” Rey whispered as she regained her balance. She stared down at her feet and remained motionless, deluding herself into believing that if she stood still she'd be invisible. She was, of course, terribly mistaken. “They're looking at us, aren't they?” Kylo peeked up at the faces glaring back at them. He took note of the bride especially, her icy fury emanating from within and focused upon the two who dared to interrupt her wedding. “Yeah, yep… they are,” he whispered back, staring back at the bride. “This isn't the right wedding.” Rey found the courage to look up at the crowd. “It's not?” “No, that's definitely not Maz’s daughter,” he replied in a hushed voice. The short, strawberry blonde bride continued to stare icily at them. “We should leave.” “Alright then,” Rey inhaled sharply before she pointed to the ground. “Look, honey!” she bellowed out so that all could hear, bending down to pick up some imaginary item. “Here's my earring! I knew it was around here somewhere.” Kylo was momentarily taken aback by the term of endearment directed at him, but he promptly caught on to what she was doing. “I'm so glad you found it, sweetheart!” Kylo yelled just as loud as she had. Rey shot him a quick smile before speaking again. “You guys look so beautiful,” she cried out, addressing the couple while grinning widely at them. The bride blinked a couple times before finally smiling in return. The groom, once seeing his bride no longer upset, also smiled at Rey. “Mazel tov!” “Mazel tov!” Kylo parroted as he turned on his heel, grabbing Rey’s arm. She waved at them before spinning around to walk briskly away with Kylo as far and as fast as their feet could go. They guffawed heartily, thinking they were in the clear when an Asian woman wearing a black dress and a headset suddenly appeared in front of them, holding up her hands. “Excuse me,” the woman stated impatiently, failing to see what was so funny to them. “What are you two doing?” “Thank God! Maybe you can help us, ma’am,” Rey breathed without missing a beat. “I forgot our wedding invitation at home and we've no clue where to go.” The woman eyed the two of the them suspiciously. Upon seeing their formal attire, the sullen pout on Kylo’s lips and Rey’s sincere expression, she decided to help them out. “Are you looking for Allison and Greg?” she asked, her gaze flickering back and forth between the two. “Or Haru and Aleks?” Kylo stirred at the mention of her name. “Yes, that's it!” He remembered now. “Haru! We’re looking for Haru.” “That wedding is over at the Hedge Garden, on the east side of the arboretum,” she informed them. “We’re on the west side. It's a bit of a walk, but I think you'll make it in time before the ceremony starts.” “Would you be able to point us in the right direction?” Kylo asked her. “Certainly,” she replied, turning to point. “Follow--” She stopped unexpectedly, listening in to the person that started talking to her on her headset. “Ok, Frank, calm down! Don't worry about it. I'm on my way.” She groaned, whipping back to face them. “Well, it appears I work with a bunch of incompetents. I have to go over there to assist with something. Would you guys like to hitch a ride with me?” “That would be much appreciated,” Kylo’s voice deepened as he leaned forward to smirk flirtatiously at the woman. While he had no interest whatsoever in her, he wanted to see if he could elicit a reaction out of Rey. “Thank you.” “You're welcome,” she smiled coyly back at him. “Come, follow me,” the woman commanded, walking to where there was a golf cart parked by the trail. Kylo glanced sideways at Rey to find her glaring furiously at him, her arms folded. “You didn't have to flirt with her,” she scolded him, her eyes ablaze with envy as she glared at the woman in black. “She would've given us a ride regardless.” “Well, you're not jealous now,” he tilted his head back, placing his hands in his pockets, “are you, Kira?” Rey didn't answer or turn to look at him, her gaze fixed straight ahead. Kylo stepped towards her, bending down slightly so his lips just barely skimmed her ear. “You know, if we were to be together, I'd never flirt with anyone else,” he whispered delicately. “There'd be no reason to.” Rey stood frozen in place, her breath quickening at the feel of his blowing on her skin. “Never?” she asked in a barely audible huff. “Never,” Kylo firmly reassured her. Rey twisted her head to look at him, the tip of her nose brushing against his. The feel of their skin in contact with one another along with their close proximity was enough to send them both in a heady frenzy. “Never,” he repeated as he threw his arms around her, tugging hard so that her body was flush against his. Rey gasped softly, but didn't protest, thoroughly enjoying the feel of him on her. “Come on, you two!” the woman called out, waving hastily at them. “Let’s get moving!” Rey snapped out of her trance, quickly swiveling out of Kylo’s hold to hurry towards her. Kylo reeled at her sudden departure, kicking hard at the ground and grumbling incoherently as he followed closely behind Rey. “You see that path right up there?” the woman pointed to where there was a paved trail once they arrived over at the east side. Rey and Kylo nodded in unison. “Take it straight down and you'll find Hedge Garden. It's impossible to miss.” “Thanks, we really appreciate your help,” Kylo thanked as he exited the cart. He turned to hold out his hand to assist Rey, but she had already climbed out and was standing beside him. “You're welcome! Have fun,” she smiled, her gaze darting back and forth between them. “You know, you guys make a really cute couple.” Kylo chuckled smugly while Rey’s eyes bulged out of their sockets. Placing an arm over Rey’s shoulder, he replied, “Yeah, we do, don't we?” She winked at them before driving off. “Don't get any ideas,” she told him, shrugging his arm off her. “I still haven't said yes yet,” she spun on her heel and started down the asphalt trail. “But you haven’t said no, either,” he rebutted when he reached her side. She glanced sideways to catch him simpering at her, looking quite pleased with himself. “So there's still a chance.” Rey harrumphed at his response, continuing to walk in pensive silence. Christ, he was fucking persistent. And annoying at times. And a bastard. An asshole. But he was also different with her. He somehow managed to captivate her, mesmerizing Rey in a way no one else ever had. And his kisses… oh, his kisses made her skin feel delectably weak. She could only imagine how rapturous it would feel to have his lips upon hers, but he said she couldn't do that. Not until she decided to be his. Until she made him hers. Only hers. And damn it all to hell if she wasn't finding it all so tempting, so terribly hard to resist. Then it all came rushing back to her and she remembered. Resist she must, for she learned long ago that love wasn't meant for her. She had to stop believing in illusions because that's all they were: falsities. No one could really love me , she thought bleakly. “You're kind of quiet,” Kylo remarked, halting her wandering mind in its tracks. “I'm just thinking,” she replied truthfully, “about us.” “Well, good. I’m happy you’re really taking it into consideration. Keep thinking on it,” he encouraged her, “because I want you to be certain--to be sure of your answer--either way.” “Right,” she agreed, noticing a line of people in formalwear forming in front of them. Kylo observed the queue as well, his eyebrow quirking up in curiosity. Rey looked questioningly at Kylo before approaching the last person in line. “Excuse me,” she said, clearing her throat. A white-haired woman in a navy dress suit turned around to face Rey. “Hi, sorry. What are you lining up for?” The older woman gave her an overjoyed smile. “Why, we’re about to be seated. The wedding ceremony is about to start!” “The wedding? For Haru and Aleks?” Rey asked, hopeful. “Yes,” the elderly woman nodded excitedly. It was hard for Rey not to catch her giddiness, baring her teeth at her. Kylo was just glad to know they’d found the right wedding. “Do you two know the bride or the groom?” “The bride,” they both replied at the same time. “Oh, how nice,” she sighed as her brown eyes flickered. The line started to move then, which the woman failed to notice. “The groom is my nephew. I’m just so happy for those two! They truly overcame the odds to get here, as you know.” She glanced over her shoulder and spotted the moving line. “Looks like they’re letting us through! I guess I’ll see you two around.” They walked behind her, following the moving queue until the path ended, opening up into another clearing. Where the wedding at Thornhill Lawn had been more rustic, this one was more refined and sophisticated. Rey gawked at the setting before her. The formal garden was beautifully manicured and framed with elegantly trimmed hedges. In the backdrop, there were four grand white pillars that soared above the landscape, towering twenty feet high. Instead of an aisle runner, there were white rose petals scattered in between the two sections of stylish white wooden chairs. In the center of it all stood a decorative white rose trellised arch. All the white complimented the green so exquisitely, in a simple and elegant manner. “Wow, it’s stunning,” Rey praised in astonishment. “Mm-hmm,” Kylo mumbled while bobbing his head. His eyes were scanning the crowd, trying to spot the person he’d come all this way for. The wedding wasn’t large, but it wasn't exactly small either. Kylo surmised there had to be around 100 people congregating for the joyous occasion. “Let’s sit over here.” He led Rey over to the left side, where he presumed the bride’s guests were to be seated. He picked the aisle seats of the third row from the front, thinking it’d be a good spot to get noticed. Soon after, everyone was seated and only a steady thrum of chatter was heard throughout the crowd. “This is so exciting,” Rey whispered with hushed enthusiasm. Kylo had still been scouring through the guests, but then he stopped to focus his attention on her. Rey was bursting with glee, smiling from ear to ear as she looked about. She really was enraptured by all this. He was about to say something when the string quartet started to play Pachelbel's Canon in D . The chatter ceased immediately and every head turned back to see the procession commence. The officiant, dressed in a black suit and white shirt, started down the aisle first. The older man hobbled due to his bad knees, but managed to keep a good pace. When he finally reached his destination, he stood under the arch and waited. The groom was the next person to come down the aisle. Rey watched intently as the tall, young debonair man in a navy blue tuxedo smiled exuberantly at everyone before taking his place at the right side of the floral arch. The iconic piece continued to play smoothly in the background as groomsmen walked arm-in-arm with bridesmaids who would then part ways at the arch, the bridal party to the left and the groomsmen to the right. Rey giggled when the flower girl dumped all her petals in one spot, skipping merrily the rest of the way down. There was a collective “aww” from the guests when the ring bearer came scampering down the aisle - a French bulldog in a dapper tuxedo. “That's so adorable,” Rey tittered to Kylo as the suited canine scurried by. Kylo nodded, tapping his foot impatiently as he glanced at his Hublot titanium watch. The string quartet switched seamlessly into another traditional piece - Wagner's Bridal Chorus . Everyone stood from their seats when the bride finally arrived. Rey stared at the statuesque beauty coming down the aisle. Her gorgeous ivory dress was strapless with a sweetheart neckline and a crystal-encrusted bodice. The bride’s chapel length train pooled elegantly around her feet, trailing behind her in an aesthetically pleasing manner. Haru was surprisingly young, and Rey thought she probably wasn’t much older than herself. She had a willowy body with mocha-colored skin that complemented the shade of her wedding dress quite well. Her long raven hair was styled in loose curls, beautifully framing her lovely oval face. She was being escorted by a graceful petite African woman wearing a chic blue boat neck dress that reached just below her knee. A yellow head wrap wove intricately around her head. The middle-aged woman held her chin up high and walked just as tall as her daughter, despite the obvious height discrepancy. She radiated pride and joy. “That's her,” Kylo whispered to Rey. “That's Maz Kanata.” “I figured,” she replied back, staring at the mother-daughter duo as they passed them. Rey breathed a sigh of relief when neither looked their way. Kylo, on the other hand, was visibly upset that Maz didn't notice him, balling up his fists at his sides. “Hey,” Rey spoke gently into his ear, placing her hand over his left fist. “Calm down. You can speak with her later. Now’s not the time. Let them enjoy this moment.” He eased under her touch and gave her a slight nod. She was right. He couldn't be that much of an asshole, could he? Well, at least he couldn't when she was at his side. The bride and Maz had at last reached the end of the aisle, the groom already tearing up at the sight of his lovely bride. Rey saw that the bride had also started shedding tears. The groom wiped his tears away and gave Haru a loving smile, nothing but warmth and devotion brimming from his eyes. His affectionate expression helped the bride control her emotions and she beamed reverently back at him. The music ceased and silence took over as all eyes fixed upon the people under the white rose arch. “Please be seated,” the officiant ordered. Kylo, Rey and everyone else took their seats and watched the ceremony unfold. “Dear friends and family,” the officiant addressed the guests, his booming voice loud and clear. “We are gathered here today to share with Haru Bacca and Aleks Zago a very special and important moment in their lives. In the time they have been together, their love and understanding of each other has grown to a point where both wish to be joined in matrimony and live the rest of their lives together as husband and wife. It is an act of proclamation of their love. Love - the single most greatest thing on this planet. Love, which bears all things, believes in all things, hopes all things, and endures all things.” Rey furrowed her brows, absorbing the officiant’s words and mulling over them. “Who presents this woman to be married to this man?” the officiant asked. “I do,” Maz answered back firmly. The officiant nodded as Maz turned to face Haru. She kissed both her cheeks before hugging Haru tightly. Maz whispered “I love you” in her daughter’s ear. Haru hugged her mother back just as fiercely, replying “I love you, too, mom.” The tender moment shared between mother and daughter stirred something deep within Rey. Something she wished to keep buried profoundly inside, but had always found a way to somehow surface. Rey managed to steel herself enough to avoid any descent into the abyss of her past and focused her attention back onto the present. Maz took her seat in the front row after giving away her daughter, leaving the bride with her groom. “Both Haru and Aleks wish to say some words to one another before we proceed with the rest of the ceremony,” the officiant announced. “We will start with Aleks.” “Haru, my beautiful bae,” Aleks’ deep voice spoke as he stared lovingly at his bride, “my love for you started the day I met you and grew more and more with each passing day, with each second that we were together. It hasn’t stopped and it won’t ever stop. My love will keep intensifying until the day I no longer draw breath. And I strongly believe that even then my love will continue to deepen in the hereafter. I know we’ve had the added challenge of distance separating us at times, and many doubted us. But we never did. And look at us now. I’m so glad we made it here! I can’t wait to see what the future brings us and the adventures our love will take us on.” “Aww,” Haru crooned, wriggling impatiently. “Can I kiss him now?” Rey, along with the rest of the audience, laughed out loud at the bride’s restless eagerness. Kylo, who had his arms crossed, even evoked a soft chuckle. “No, Haru, you may not,” the officiant playfully responded. “Not until I say so, ok?” “Ok,” Haru nodded, smiling sweetly. “Now it’s your turn to say your words, Haru,” the officiant informed her. She nodded, taking a deep breath. “Aleks, my handsome boo-boo,” Haru intoned, gazing fondly back at her groom, “these past six years have been a journey. One filled with excitement, fun, laughter, challenges, tears and love.” Her voice began to break, quivering as she continued. “You’re my best friend and I couldn’t imagine my life without you. With your love, I can do anything.” Tears begin to spill from her eyes, her stare never leaving her groom’s. Aleks affectionately wiped at them, his own eyes becoming glossy. “I lost my dad four years ago and it was the hardest thing I’ve ever been through,” Haru expressed solemnly. “You were my rock throughout the whole ordeal. You found a way to be there for me, even when miles separated us. I’m just so lucky to have found someone who loves me so fiercely. Someone who just wishes for me to be happy. I love you so much for that and I wish to love and make you happy the rest of my days.” There were scattered sniffles heard throughout the guests. Rey was one of those who had started to cry, the waterworks bursting forth before she even had the chance to hold them in. She felt a gentle tap on her shoulder, turning slightly to see Kylo offering her his handkerchief. She accepted it gratefully, using it to dab at her tears. “Fucking allergies,” she grumbled softly to him in between her snuffles. “Mm-hmm,” Kylo uttered, his mouth twitching into a half-smile. He placed his arm around her and to his pleasant surprise, she didn't push him away. Instead, Rey instinctively leaned into him, laying her head on his shoulder as he affectionately stroked her arm. There was something tangible, palpable in the balmy air and it was making Rey feel a glimmer of that which she hadn't felt in quite some time. A sense of hope started to whirl around her insides as she contemplated the scene before her. Her expression was subdued and thoughtful while the rest of the ceremony progressed. As she watched the couple exchange vows, she thought how beautiful it all was. How beautiful love could truly be. Love was for other people, though. She had come to learn and accept that love wasn’t for her, that she was never meant to experience it. But what if perhaps she was mistaken? In that instant, her thoughts did a 180 on her and she was now considering an entirely new type of notion. Why couldn’t she have something as rare and magnificent as what this couple had? Why couldn't that be her one day, a blushing bride with a doting partner? Why couldn’t she no longer be alone anymore? Why couldn’t she finally come across it - to at long last encounter love in her life? Why can't I find love? she asked herself. The inner dark voice was stunned into silence, offering no witty remark or harsh rebuttal. Rey's hope surged even more at that. If she were to perchance take the risk and bring down her defenses to let someone in, then there was a possibility she could find something amazing. Maybe... She peered up at Kylo through her long lashes then and the fucking butterflies immediately resumed their incessant fluttering about, tickling her with excitement. Though this time she didn’t wish to swat at them furiously, but instead run around with them in a great open field. Maybe this could be the beginning of something so magical with Kylo. Maybe. Or maybe not. Rey had to decide if it was worth the risk to find out the answer. What the fuck is happening to me? I can't believe I'm actually seriously considering this! She sighed deeply, her head still resting on Kylo’s shoulder when the officiant made a declaration. “I now pronounce you husband and wife,” he boomed merrily. “ Now you may kiss.” The crowd cheered, applauding when the newly married couple kissed. Rey found herself joining in the jubilation, standing to clap as the two walked past her down the aisle. The blissful couple were completely wrapped in each other’s presence. It was hard for Rey not to gush at them even though they didn't glance her way. “Oh! That was so beautiful,” she raved to Kylo, treading lightly beside him. They were following the horde of people out towards where the cocktail hour was to take place. “Yeah, it was,” he concurred, glancing sideways at her. “Especially since their long distance relationship worked out for them.” “Oh, right,” Rey said, pondering that fact, “they did mention that.” “You know, I used to think that weddings were nothing but meaningless shows of pretense,” Kylo confessed. “Used to?” Rey inquired, raising an eyebrow at him. A sly smile crossed his lips. “I’m starting to think they might not be so meaningless after all.” Kylo glimpsed at her blushing before she quickly turned away, her pace quickening as she hurried in front of him. He trailed behind her, but caught up with Rey when they arrived near the large gray building that housed the Visitor Center. The wedding guests were dispersed throughout its terrace and surrounding lawn. People were gaily mingling, catching up with one another as they sipped cocktails and nibbled on gourmet hors d'oeuvres. A woman dressed in a server’s uniform approached Rey, holding a tray of glass flutes filled with pink champagne. “Would you care for a glass of rosé, miss?” she asked. “It’s the couple’s favorite.” “No, thank you,” Rey answered back sweetly, shaking her head. Rey thought it best not to have anything that could cloud her judgement. She needed to keep a clear head. She was already under the influence of whatever was permeating through the atmosphere, she needn’t impair herself any further. The server nodded at Rey before she addressed Kylo. “How about you, sir?” Kylo was about to respond when he heard an unmistakably familiar low drone of a voice reverberating from behind him. “BEN SOLO?” Notes: Uh-oh! Left you guys on a bit of a cliffhanger there, but I think we all know who that is. As a side note, Haru and Aleks are based on a real life couple whose wedding I did attend this past summer at the Morton Arboretum and yes, they were in a long distance relationship. She lived in Chicago and he lived in New York City, but they managed to beat the odds because love conquers all, right? :D Speaking of love... it looks like someone might be warming up to the idea of it! There may be hope for Rey yet, folks! To those who leave me a comment, I wish I could hug you! While writing is fun for me, it's always nice to know others are also enjoying what you write. You know, "I was told when I get older all my fears would shrink, but now I'm insecure and I care what people think." Twenty One Pilots totally gets me :P THANK YOU to all the readers and commenters alike from the bottom of my heart. YOU DA BEST! :) Chapter 8 : Eight Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maz Kanata drawled out his birth name, her tone dripping with disapproval. Kylo swiftly turned to face the much shorter, yet no less commanding woman and met her steady gaze. “Or should I call you by what you go by these days, Kylo Ren ?” Rey quickly spun around to see the smaller woman in front of them and gave her a fleet once over. Maz had her hands resting squarely on her hips, elbows up and jutting out to make her seem much larger than she really was. “Hey Maz,” Kylo said confidently, his face devoid of any emotion, “it’s been a while, hasn’t it?” “Yes, it has,” Maz agreed, removing her hands from her hips and letting them rest at her sides. She shook her head at him before looking over to Rey. “I’m terribly sorry,” Maz apologized to her. “Sorry? For what?” Rey asked nervously, thinking if anyone had some apologizing to do, it was her and not Maz. “For having to be around him,” she replied jokingly as a smirk appeared on her face. “Word is he’s not the best company to have, which is probably true if he’s anything like his father was.” Rey suppressed a chuckle by biting on the inside of her cheek. Kylo wasn’t nearly as amused, his nostrils flaring and his fists clenching as he scowled at Maz. She wasn't intimidated in the slightest, approaching Kylo to pat his arm consolingly. “My condolences, by the way,” she told him. Her face grew solemn as she continued, “His death affected my Chewie greatly.” Kylo’s angry expression promptly shifted into one of melancholy. “I didn’t know Chewie had passed. I was truly sorry to have found that out today. My condolences to you as well.” Maz nodded curtly and extended her arm out. “Come, let’s go sit down, shall we?” The three of them walked over to a nearby empty table, Kylo pulling out chairs for Rey and Maz before taking his own. The wedding guests continued to eat, drink and be merry while in the distant background Rey could see the bride and groom pose for pictures in the photogenic greenery. She turned her attention back to Maz, examining her more meticulously now. Maz sat straight-backed and poised, emanating an aura of sagacity. Rey felt an immediate respect towards her and wanted very much to hear what she might have to say about… well, anything , really. “Maz, this is a friend of mine, Kira Knight,” Kylo introduced Rey. “Kira, this is an old family friend, Maz Kanata.” “Pleased to meet you, Ms. Kanata,” Rey said as she offered her hand. “Likewise, Miss Knight,” Maz replied, shaking Rey’s hand firmly. “You can call me Maz, dear.” She smiled cordially at her. “How nice is this? Old friends meeting new friends.” “Just Kira is ok--” Rey stated, returning her smile with a shy grin-- “and yes, I agree. It is nice.” “Well then,” Maz flickered her gaze over to Kylo, eyeing the conspicuous mark on his right cheek. “I'm sure you're not just here because you wanted to attend the festivities, right Kylo?” “That’s right, Maz. I’m here because you missed our appointment,” Kylo sat back in his chair, unbuttoning his jacket. "You know, that was pretty shitty of you to agree for our meeting to happen on the day of your daughter's wedding. It definitely gives you a great excuse to cancel at the last minute. Almost as if you didn't really want to meet with me.” Maz kept mum and stayed tight-lipped, her face betraying no emotion as she caught Kylo’s intense stare. “What?” Kylo spat when Maz said nothing, his patience wearing thin. “Did you just find out that she was getting married yesterday?" Maz remained unperturbed by his short fuse, which only made it light up even faster. Rey tugged at Kylo’s arm softly, making him shift his attention towards her. He got lost in her hazel eyes staring back at him. She tilted her head ever so slightly to the side in an effort to nonverbally communicate that he needed to simmer down. Their little exchange didn't go unnoticed by Maz, who was watching the scene with intrigue. She continued to scrutinize them when she saw Kylo noticeably slacken under her gaze. Who was this girl? Maz marveled at the way she affected Kylo’s behavior, his fit of temper mellowing as quickly as it had risen. She thought it was a very interesting dynamic, indeed. “In my defense,” Maz finally spoke, “you weren't exactly flexible with your schedule, Kylo. I was only given a certain time frame in which you could meet. I tried to reschedule, but I was told that was impossible - it had to be today in the morning.” “I'm a busy man, Maz,” he retorted in a calmer tone. “My time is precious.” “Then why are you here wasting your time?” she asked him. “I’d like to believe that I'm not wasting it,” he returned, “I think there's a great deal in the making here. That makes it worth my time.” “A deal?” Maz questioned, crossing her arms in askance. Kylo leaned in closer. “You announced that your company will be merging with the D’Qar Group,” he stated matter-of-factly. “Yes, that's true,” Maz affirmed. “Well,” Kylo placed his hands on top of the table, “I'd like to offer you $90 a share, before the merger goes through.” “$90 a share?” Maz repeated incredulously. “That would come to-” “It would come to an attractive amount,” Kylo interrupted, “an amount you could have now as opposed to waiting the six months needed for the merger integration to be complete.” Maz remained stony-faced, but there was a subtle flicker of interest in her eyes. “That is a generous offer,” Maz stated circumspectly, “but you know, there's still a chance the merger may not actually happen. It seems awfully risky for the both of us.” “Oh, it'll go through,” Kylo replied haughtily with a smug grin on his lips. “And when it does, it’ll only be of major benefit to First Order Investments. It's a win-win.” Maz narrowed her gaze, eyeing him speculatively. Kylo stared back at her and he could practically see the wheels in her head start to turn. “Because then you will have earned the spread,” she stated, finally understanding. “Clever,” Maz smiled, impressed. “Risky, but clever.” “I only take calculated risks,” Kylo answered back proudly. “Risks that I know will end in success.” His words struck Rey like a bolt of lightning. He only takes risks if he knows it'll have a good outcome . If Kylo was willing to risk being with her, it was because he most likely believed it would end well. But how could he know that? How could he be so sure? Rey sincerely wished she could share in his unrelenting certainty, but she only had doubt and fear. No, it was better to be safe than sorry. Risks, she concluded, were best left untaken. “Life is all about risks, no?” Maz asked, startling Rey into thinking she’d somehow heard her thoughts. “The uncertainty, the possibility of failure--of loss--is what makes risk so frightening. Funnily enough, though, the biggest risk is when one doesn't take it. Because if you risk nothing… well, then you risk everything.” Rey sat stock-still, absorbing her words and letting them sink deeply into the membranes of her brain. “I couldn't agree more,” Kylo concurred, nodding as he stared back at Maz. “While I do have some reservations at the idea of First Order Investments being my company’s main shareholder,” Maz shifted a little in her seat, lowering her tone, “you've heard of the rumors circulating, no doubt--” Kylo was unmoved, sitting still in his chair as he listened to Maz continue, “--I can't deny the fact that I am in need of money.” Kylo and Rey observed Maz intently as she exhaled deeply, her eyes downcast. “It hasn't been easy since Chewie died,” she admitted to them. “If you don't mind me asking,” Kylo prodded cautiously, “how did he die?” “Cancer,” Maz responded somberly. “Pancreatic, very aggressive. He was diagnosed shortly after your father passed. We did some costly experimental treatments and it did help prolong his life a bit more, but it didn't save him in the end.” “I'm so sorry,” Rey expressed her sincere condolences. “It seems like you and your daughter loved him very much.” “Thank you,” Maz smiled kindly at Rey, chuckling softly. “Yes, we loved that tall, hairy beast of a man dearly. And he loved us just as much, too. I know he would've given anything to have been here today. He would be so happy for our Haru.” She turned back to see her daughter in the distance, who was still having pictures taken. Rey couldn't help but feel a twinge of envy - the way Maz was staring so lovingly at Haru. “I must admit that I did like the ceremony,” Kylo blurted out suddenly. “I know Kira enjoyed it immensely.” Maz whipped her head back and looked over at Rey to catch the pink tinge spread across her cheeks as she elbowed Kylo in the rib. He winced, releasing a small grunt at her jab. “Did you, now?” Maz asked teasingly. Her fingers went to cover her mouth, attempting to hold in her laughter. “Uh, yeah. Yes, I did,” Rey admitted feebly, somewhat embarrassed. “It was really quite lovely. They even made me cry.” “Oh, I know they made many cry today,” Maz told her. “Myself included.” “They both mentioned being separated at times. What’s the story there?” Kylo asked with genuine interest. “Well, they met when they were in high school - she was a sophomore and he was a senior,” Maz started to tell. Kylo and Rey both slanted forward, hanging on her every word. “We were living in New York at the time, as you know,” Maz continued, “but then I got the opportunity to start my own company here in Chicago so we all moved before she started her junior year. I thought she had broken things off with him, but they hadn't. I remember her telling me that she believed they had something special. I shrugged it off, thinking they'd soon grow tired of being apart. They were young, after all.” “Haru was set to go to NYU, where Aleks was attending,” Maz stopped to sigh deeply. “Then Chewie got sick and she didn't want to be away from him, so she decided to stay and go to school here. The years went by and each time they thought they'd finally be together, something would impede them from being able to do so.” “That sounds so frustrating,” Rey commented as Kylo stayed quiet, listening attentively. “Very frustrating,” Maz agreed, “and very challenging. But the level of commitment they had for one another was astounding. They both really wanted to make it work… and the tremendous effort they placed into their relationship made it work. Haru graduated college a few months ago and Aleks recently found a job here so he was able to finally move.” “And now they're married,” Rey chimed as she looked at the happy couple in the distance. “Mm-hmm,” Maz hummed happily. “Because they never doubted what they had. Their faith in each other never faltered.” Her dark brown eyes scrutinized Rey’s hazel ones, noting the wistful stare directed towards Haru and Aleks. Rey felt the intensity of Maz’s perusal, making her turn her gaze towards her. “Dear child, I see your eyes,” she said to Rey, watching her closely. Rey blinked rapidly. “My eyes?” “If you live long enough, you see the same eyes in different people,” Maz informed her. Rey’s eyebrows scrunched in confusion, not fully understanding what she was saying. “I'm looking at the eyes of someone who’s longing for something.” Rey looked at her quizzically. Her mouth was partly open in shock wanting to say something, but finding no words. Maz got up from her chair and made her way over to Rey. “In my life, I've come to learn this--” Maz smiled knowingly down at her, placing a hand on her shoulder, “--love comes to those who believe in it.” Rey was stunned into silence, shaken to her very core. Somehow, she managed to nod slowly back at Maz. She lovingly patted her shoulder before moving over to Kylo, whose gaze was fixed on Rey. Maz held out her hand to him. “I'd like to accept your offer, Kylo,” Maz announced. “Excellent,” Kylo replied, turning his gaze to Maz and stood up to shake her hand firmly. “My people will be in with contact with yours to get the paperwork done.” “Perfect,” she smiled at him, letting go of his hand. “You're so much like your father, you know.” The corner of Kylo’s lip quirked up. “I know,” Kylo ran his fingers through his hair. “It's probably not such a good thing, though.” “He had his faults, like everyone does,” Maz chuckled. “Han was practical most of the time, but he was capable of being compassionate, too. He just didn't… show it very often.” “Yes,” Kylo agreed, pursing his lips at her and folding his arms. “That's true.” “I do know that he loved you very much, Kylo,” Maz said to him. “He told me so himself, you know? And he told Chewie, too. Many, many times.” Kylo breathed a small, sad laugh and sighed. “I wish he would've told me, you know? All those times he told you guys instead.” “Yes,” Maz nodded in agreement, “you’re right. He should have.” Kylo felt her gentle touch on his shoulder. He didn't mind the physical contact, though, finding it rather soothing in that moment. “While I wish I could stay and chat some more, I must leave you to attend to the rest of these folk,” Maz said ruefully. She looked back at Rey and then to Kylo. “But you two are more than welcome to stay for the reception, if you'd like.” Rey, who had been in a pensive stupor, suddenly lit up and grinned broadly. “Really?” Rey beamed excitedly. She looked over to Kylo with pleading hazel eyes. “Oh, can we, Kylo?” He glanced down at his watch. He had another important meeting soon and they needed to leave now if he was to make it on time. “I don't think--” Kylo stopped when he looked at the imploring expression on her face. His heart softened and he found it impossible to say no to her. “Sure, we can stay for a bit longer.” “Yes!” Rey squealed, jumping out of her seat to hug Kylo. He didn't get the chance to return it since she swiftly went over to embrace Maz next. “Thank you, Maz,” Rey conveyed her gratitude in the intensity of her embrace. Maz got the feeling she was thanking her about more than just her invitation as she squeezed her back gently. “You're welcome, dear.” Kylo briefly stepped away from the two hugging women to call his assistant. “Mitaka,” he barked into his phone, “I need you to cancel my appointment with Lor San Tekka. Apologize to him on my behalf. Tell him something... urgent came up and I need to reschedule. Try to fit him in some other time that works for us both. That’s all for now.” Kylo didn’t wait to hear a response from Mitaka, ending the call as quickly as he had made it when he felt the slither of a small hand wrap around his arm. Rey rejoined his side with a huge smile on her face. “Thanks, Kylo,” she said while absentmindedly picking some lint off his jacket, “but are you sure it’s alright to stay?” “Of course it’s alright,” he reassured, smiling down sweetly at her. Rey stared at his smile, an expression he seemed to be donning more lately. It melted her from within, her grip tightening around him. “But we do have an event--a gala-- tonight that I don’t want to miss, so we’ll have to leave a bit early.” Rey dipped her head slightly, wanting to ask more about the gala when they heard a shrill that surprised them both. “Ben?! Oh my God, is that really you?” Kylo and Rey angled themselves to see a gorgeous and lithe bride strutting elegantly straight towards them. Rey thought she looked like a fashion model when Haru approached them, beaming as she stopped right in front of Kylo. The two were of the same height and Rey suddenly felt unusually small beside them. “It is you!” Haru exclaimed emphatically. “Wow! It’s been such a long time! I think I was like, 10 or something the last time I saw you.” “Yeah, and you’ve grown quite a bit since then, I see,” Kylo observed. Haru laughed heartily at his remark. “What can I say? I take after my dad, I guess,” Haru joked, throwing her hands in the air. She was joined by her equally tall husband then, who placed an arm around her waist. “Ben, this is my husband, Aleks,” she introduced her handsome spouse to Kylo. “Honey, this is Ben Solo. His father was my dad’s best friend.” “Nice to meet you, Ben,” Aleks stuck out his hand and gave him a friendly smile. “Likewise, but I go by Kylo Ren now,” he corrected as he shook Aleks’ hand. “Congratulations to you both.” Aleks thanked him as Haru gasped sharply. “My bad! I didn’t know you changed your name,” Haru apologized, frowning at him. “No, don’t worry about it,” Kylo brushed off her mistake. “You didn’t know.” Haru shook her head, embarrassed at her flub. “I heard about your father,” she said, her voice sad. “My condolences.” “Same to you,” Kylo returned. Haru sighed and glanced down, noticing a silently observant Rey. “Oh, I’m sorry,” she apologized once more, “I didn’t mean to exclude your girlfriend.” “Umm,” Rey hesitated in correcting her. She did not wish to abash the beautiful bride any further, but she couldn't stand by and mislead her, or anyone else, for that matter. “I’m just his friend,” Rey stated definitively. “My name is Kira,” she introduced herself, stretching out her hand. “Pleasure to meet you both. Congratulations, by the way! You guys look great together.” “Aren’t you sweet?” Haru trilled, crinkling her nose in delight. She shook her hand first, then was followed by Aleks. Haru eyed the pair more closely, taking note of Rey’s possessive grip over Kylo’s arm. “Thank you for saying that. Although, you guys make a beautiful couple, too, you know. Are you sure you’re not together?” “I’m working on it,” Kylo admitted, his tone exultant as a smirk tugged at his mouth. Rey laughed nervously, bumping her shoulder into him ever so discreetly. Haru and Aleks simultaneously nodded, smiling knowingly. “Well, I’ll be rooting for you, Kylo,” Haru winked at him before a suspicious mien replaced her affable one. “And while it is nice to see you, I don’t remember having invited you…” “Ah, well, you see, uh…” Kylo struggled to explain himself as Haru glared at him. “Umm, your mother--” “My mother! I knew it was her!” Haru abruptly interjected, her friendly nature returning once more. “She always did march to the beat of her own drum, that woman.” “Right,” Kylo agreed because at least that much was true. “Well, I’m glad you guys are here to share in my happiness, anyway... no matter who invited you,” Haru looked at both of them kindly, placing a hand on each of their shoulders exactly as her mother had done. “Please enjoy yourselves. We have to go say hi to other people, but we’ll see you two around, yeah?” Haru’s long arms enveloped them both in a brisk hug. “Thank you, Haru,” Rey voiced her gratitude as Kylo nodded his. Haru grinned cheerfully back at them and Aleks smiled fondly as he passed the pair, grabbing his wife’s hand to lead her towards the other guests nearby. “I like them,” Rey confessed, gushing over the happy couple as they walked away. “Me, too,” Kylo concurred as they both continued to stare at the blissful pair. They radiated a warm, content joyfulness that Rey found impossible not to be enchanted by. As Rey held onto Kylo’s arm, she knew deep down that Maz had been right. She did indeed yearn for something like that in her life. xxxx The reception was located in the building that housed the arboretum’s Visitor Center. Inside, the Gingko Room offered a spectacular view of Meadow Lake. Through the floor-to-ceiling windows, Rey could see the lake’s still and peaceful waters, contrasting the boisterous party occurring indoors. She glanced around the palatial room, seated at one of the elegantly decorated round tables. There was an indistinct buzz of chatter, laughter, and music in the background and Rey couldn’t help but be affected by the ebullient atmosphere. She was swaying to the rhythmic music in her chair while she ate the third course of what was so far a delectable meal - an herb roasted sea bass with romesco sauce. “Mmm!” Rey groaned as she took another bite of the earthy, piquant dish. “I should’ve tried the sea bass when you suggested it that night. I didn't know that it could be so yummy!” Kylo chuckled at her enthusiastic chewing. “We could still try it later, if you’d like.” Rey turned to look at him, smiling with her mouth closed as she continued to masticate her food. “Yeah,” she replied after swallowing, “I would like to try it there.” She playfully waggled her eyebrows at him and the gesture made Kylo think of other things they could sample back in his suite. He leaned closer, stopping when his lips skimmed her ear to whisper huskily, “I hope that’s not all you’d like to try back at the hotel.” The brush of his breath caused the fine hair on her neck to stand on end. Her breathing hitched in her throat when she felt Kylo’s hand grope her thigh underneath the table. Rey reacted impulsively, covering his hand with hers to guide him further north. Their bounding pulses were in sync as they gradually inched closer to her pulsating center, excitement sizzling ardently through their veins. Both knew they should stop, yet their hands kept on gingerly creeping up her thigh, higher and higher… Until they heard the sound of clinking glass, momentarily distracting them from their titillating quest. Kylo, remembering himself, abruptly jerked his hand out from beneath Rey’s and grabbed his fork to join in. “Of course, that’s only if,” he told her as he lightly struck his wine glass, “you decide you do want to be with me.” The other guests started clinking their own glass as well, the sharp ringing sound making everyone stop what they were doing and quiet down. Rey huffed loudly as she tapped her unfilled flute with a knife, obviously miffed that Kylo was still adamant about making her his girlfriend before he'd give her any sex. Before he’d even let her kiss him. He was a fucking tenacious bastard, that’s for sure. Well, I can be tenacious too. She gave him a quick side-eye before turning her attention towards the front of the room where the bride and groom were seated at the head table. “Kiss!” someone in the audience shouted. Rey watched as the couple happily obliged to the request, her heart softening once more as Haru and Aleks shared a sweet, loving kiss. Rey cheered, whistling and clapping along with the rest of the guests. She even saw Kylo taking part in the applause out of the corner of her eye . Everyone gave their full attention when Haru stood from her seat and was handed a microphone. "I got so emotional when I walked down the aisle,” Haru addressed her guests, “and saw all of these faces from all these people in my life--even some new faces, too--” she glanced over at Rey, giving her a cheeky grin that made Rey wink back at her, “--and it means so much to have each and every one of you here today. And you're all such beautiful people, too! I feel so fortunate to have you all here. Aleks and I are truly blessed. Thank you and we love you all!” The crowd hollered, applauding at Haru’s sincere speech. “Ok, guys, it's time for my new hubby and I to have our first dance!” she proclaimed cheerily. Haru took her husband by the hand and he stood to walk alongside her towards the dance floor in the middle of the large room. “Everything” by Michael Bublè started playing, the steady tempo and sultry singing befitting the enamored couple swinging gracefully to and fro as they stared deeply into one another’s gaze. The lovey-dovey scene before her transfixed Rey. During her awestruck state, a dumb smile rippled across her features and suddenly, she felt it. Rey flinched, finding it damn near impossible to deny the stitch of pain inside her chest in that instant. While her heart ached for that… for love … she had to protect it at all costs. Though now she was contemplating the possibility that she might be going about it all wrong. Rey shook her head, not knowing what was the truth or a lie anymore. She felt conflicted, clueless as to what she should do. It had to be the fact that she was surrounded by all this that was making her think this way. “What a beautiful couple,” the DJ announced through the speakers once the couple finished their dance. “Let’s hear it for the lovely pair -- to Mr. and Mrs. Zago!” Rey whistled loudly using her fingers as the guests emitted an uproarious cheer. “Which is our hashtag, by the way!” Haru had gone up to steal the microphone from the DJ. “Tweet it, Instagram it, Facebook it... spread the love, people! I want to see your pretty pics! #mrandmrszago -- Got it? Ok, good! Now, let’s get this party started!” “You heard the lady, peeps,” the DJ said after Haru graciously returned his mike to him. “The dance floor is now officially… open!” The DJ spun a record and an upbeat dance song boomed through the speaker system. A throng of people headed towards the dance floor, congregating in the middle of the Gingko Room to shake what their mother gave them. “Oh my God!” Rey gasped and turned to look at Kylo, who gave her a worried look. “I love this song!” Kylo continued to get more uneasy when he saw Rey jump out of her seat. She reached out and grabbed hold of his arm, yanking him up out of his chair. The show of strength took Kylo by surprise, but then he recalled he had the privilege of knowing exactly how strong she was. The scar on his cheek was proof of that. “I don’t--” he started to say, stalling. It made Rey stop and give him her full attention. “I don’t-- that is, I’m--I’m not good at--I, uh--” He kept on stuttering, eventually only speaking gibberish. “Kylo!” she cut him off, her voice firm and determined. He immediately ceased his incoherent blather as Rey stared unblinkingly at him. “Shut up and dance with me.” Before he knew it, she was leading him out onto the dance floor. Kylo cursed himself inwardly for losing control around her. If he was being honest, though, it was one of the things he liked about her. The ability she had to creep into his system, influencing him from within to share the same wants, the same desires. Kylo’s body was as stiff as a board once they reached an empty spot on the dance floor. When Rey turned to face him to give him a heartwarming smile, his heart stopped. He knew that was all he ever wanted and will ever want -- to see her smile. Kylo had to make her his. He just had to. Rey started to sashay in front of him, licking her lips as her hips moved fluidly with the music’s beat. Kylo stood fascinated, losing himself as he examined her every move. Then she suddenly grabbed his hands and twirled around, pushing up on him so her back was pressed against his front. Rey placed his hands on her hips and she began gyrating sideways, steering Kylo’s body to sway in the same manner. Much to his delight, Kylo found his rhythm with her guidance and in no time, they were moving effortlessly in unison. They felt one another’s heat radiating off the other’s body as droplets of sweat started to form and glide down their skin. Kylo and Rey were slaves to the thumping bass as they swirled fervidly, unwinding and coiling around each other with each new song. With a spin here and a twist there, perspiration continued to trickle down their faces as their hearts beat to the beat of the drums, their breaths getting ragged from exertion. Yet neither wanted to stop as the high they were reaching was far too delicious to relinquish. “And to think you didn’t want to dance, Ren,” Rey teased in between breaths as their feet moved easily in conjunction with one another. Kylo laughed, giving her a small grin. “I’m glad you didn’t take no for an answer,” he replied back to her. “Yeah, me too,” she giggled. The music stopped then, many choosing to take advantage of the pause to sit and rest. At this point, the DJ thought it was a good time for some mellower tunes and a slow ballad played softly through the speakers. Rey was walking back to her seat, passing Kylo when she felt him tug on her hand. She whipped her body around and shot him a puzzled glare. He answered her unasked question by placing his other hand on the small of her back, pulling her gently closer until she was flush against him. Kylo stared intensely into her eyes, dark brown to bright hazel, as he led them into a much slower, more intimate dance. The tingling electrical sensation that would occur every time they physically touched was thrumming steadily as their hands remained intertwined. Kylo had never felt that with anyone else. He thought the feeling was nothing but magical, exquisite and unique. He was falling more in love with her with each passing movement, each graceful sway. He wished to never let her go, experiencing a burning desire to take her to a place he’d never been before. Rey could hear her heartbeat drumming loudly in her ears as she stared deep into Kylo’s unwavering gaze. She moved so fluently in tune with his body, as if they’d done this many a time in the past. She gulped in an attempt to catch her breath, which she was losing quite hopelessly then. Rey was trying so hard to resist doing the thing she’d swear she would never do. It was especially difficult to fight during this magnificent moment, experiencing a feeling which she was once a stranger to before. Resistance proved futile as she let the music take her where her heart wanted to go. Both allowed the world around them to fade away, disappearing to a secret place that was solely theirs. Rey let go of his hand to drape her arms around his neck, resting her head on his broad chest as his brawny arms enveloped her in a tight embrace. The warmth between them intensified with each gentle synchronized swing. “You two make a really beautiful couple,” Haru whispered to them, passing by as she danced with her husband. Aleks nodded, agreeing with his wife and swaying past the canoodling pair. Rey sniggered softly at her comment, feeling Kylo’s chest quiver slightly with laughter, too. “That’s what I keep telling her,” Kylo replied back, his voice hushed but laced with keenness. Rey peeked up at Kylo, not wanting to move an inch, to find him beaming down at her. There was a gleam in his eye that made Rey realize he truly did believe it. He did believe in… them . “I think we should get going,” he told her, making her lift her head off his chest. The gleam in his gaze was even more apparent at this angle. “Ok,” her concession barely a whisper. They both looked at each other, reluctant to part as neither wished to let go, but they somehow managed to finally detach themselves from one another. They went over to the newly married couple to give them well wishes and say their farewells. Haru gave Rey her phone number while Aleks and Kylo exchanged their contact information, too. They bumped into Maz on their way out and said goodbye to her as well. Rey gave her another heartfelt hug and Maz kissed her. “Don’t be a stranger, dear,” Maz said to her. “Now that my little girl is married, I’ll find myself in need of company more. So come visit me anytime, ok?” “Yes, I think I’d like that very much,” Rey smiled fondly back at her. “Thank you.” “You’re welcome,” Maz told her. “And remember, sometimes the belonging one seeks isn't behind them, but ahead.” Rey froze at Maz’s insightful advice. Once again, this sagely perceptive woman had somehow known exactly the words she needed to hear. “You take very good care of her, alright?” Maz had turned to speak to Kylo. “Or else you’ll have to answer to me, you hear?” Rey’s lips quivered a bit. Maz’s concern for her was sincere and it touched her deeply. Kylo laughed lightly, but he took her threat quite seriously. “That’s what I intend to do. If she wants me to, of course.” “Good,” Maz seemed pleased with his response. “And call your mother, Kylo. She misses you.” “How…” Kylo was taken aback, her command staggering him into a state of bewilderment. How did Maz know he and his mother weren't on speaking terms? He supposed it was possible the two women still remained in contact with one another, even after all this time. Kylo didn’t respond, frowning before giving her a tight nod when the event coordinator came up beside them. She approached Maz, notifying her that she was needed elsewhere. “Forgive me, duty calls,” Maz regretfully told them. She said goodbye to them once more, then followed the coordinator. Maz stopped briefly, turning back to smile and wave at them. Kylo and Rey waved back before exiting the building out into the great expanse of trees and foliage again. “I really like her,” Rey commented as they started to walk back towards the front of the arboretum, where the driver had dropped them off. Kylo had already contacted him to let him know what time to pick them up. “Yeah, well I think Maz liked you, too,” Kylo stated proudly, “which I can completely understand.” Rey scoffed, but found herself smiling at his remark. When he gave her that rare wide-toothed grin of his, the butterflies flapped their wings, pleasantly tickling her insides. She made the decision then to listen to her heart, no longer wanting to tune it out. “I was thinking,” Rey began, biting her lip as she glanced sideways at Kylo, “maybe we should get to know each other a bit more, before either of us commits to anything. Sort of… test the waters, so to speak.” “Hmm,” Kylo pretended to ponder her proposition, knowing he didn’t need to test the waters. He knew he wanted her. Only ever her. But if that was what she needed… “Sure. That's not such a bad idea.” “Really?” Rey chirped excitedly. She was elated to hear he was on board with this. Rey knew she wasn’t ready to let him in completely yet, but perhaps giving him little glimpses of her, slowly… well, that she’d be ok with. “Yeah,” he reiterated his concession. “What do you want to know about me?” “Huh,” Rey contorted her face as a flood of questions came at her all at once. “Well, how old are you?” “I’m 30,” he answered. “And yourself?” “I just turned 21 last month,” she replied. “My birthday’s August 8.” “Oh, well my birthday is on July 7,” he informed her, continuing their stroll beside each other on the meandering trail with countless trees surrounding them on all sides. “Looks like we’re both summer babies.” “Yeah, I guess we have that in common,” Rey winced, her face twisting in pain. A sharp hiss escaped her mouth as she felt the soles of her feet burn and her ankles begin to blister. “What’s your favorite color?” Her discomfort didn’t go unnoticed by Kylo and he gathered pretty quickly what was the cause of it. While her high-heeled sandals looked great on her, he knew they weren’t comfortable to wear with long periods of use. Rey was too preoccupied with the pain of each step to notice Kylo had moved behind her. All of a sudden, the ground went out from under her as she was swooped up into his strong arms. “My favorite color is black,” he replied once Rey had processed what had just happened. She didn’t object, gratefully accepting his aid since her feet were aching something fierce right then. “Thanks,” she uttered while wrapping her arms around his neck. “You’re welcome,” he smiled at her. Rey thought she could never tire of seeing him do that. “Wait, did you say black?” Rey blinked at him. He nodded back at her. “But isn’t black the absence of color?” “So what if it is?” Kylo shrugged. “What’s your favorite color?” “White,” she answered without hesitation. “It goes with everything.” “So does black,” he retorted. “True,” Rey acknowledged, an exaggerated simper traversing her lips, “and it looks really nice with white.” “Yeah, you’re right,” Kylo agreed, smirking at her. “Black and white go very well together.” Rey grinned, baring her teeth in a show of flirtiness. “So, do you like cats or dogs?” he asked. “Both,” she replied. “I like them both. And you?” “I'm more of a dog person,” Kylo admitted, continuing his stroll as comfortably as ever throughout their inquisition. They continued to ask and answer questions, keeping the conversation light so as to carefully avoid the deeper, darker corners of themselves. Still, they were able to indulge their ravenous craving of obtaining more knowledge about the other, slowly filling and satisfying them to their delight. As Kylo carried Rey bridal-style all through the verdant forest to the black Rolls Royce ready to whisk them back to the city, both were filled to the brim with one overwhelming sensation -- hope. Notes: Oh em gee, you guys... it appears these two have decided to court each other! :P Will they still want each other after learning more about one another? Will Rey tell him her real name? Will Kylo confide in her about his mysterious past?? Will they finally get to do the do???! I hope you guys stay tuned to find out :D But first, we're off to a lavish event --- a gala! --- with the next update :) THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING!!! You've no clue how much I appreciate every single hit, kudos, and of course, COMMENT <3 that you wish to bestow upon me. It means so much to me :')