Friendly-fire It was late into your sleep cycle; you should have been fast asleep. Instead, you lay on your back, staring up at where you knew the durasteel ceiling of Kylo’s bedroom would be, thinking. Besides you he slept on, his arms tightly wrapped around your middle as you struggled to sleep. Over a week ago he had asked you to move in with him, you’d managed to successfully avoid giving him the answer. Knowing it was only a matter of time before lost patience, and outright demanded one. He mumbled in his sleep, pulling himself closer to you, as he nestled his unruly mop of dark curls at your shoulder. You looked down at where he lay on your shoulder, gently stroking his head when his mumbling increased in ferocity and volume. Your actions seemed to calm him, and he buried his face into your neck. Nuzzling himself closer to you, almost a metaphor for your relationship, the more he made you want to pull away, the harder he seemed to cling to you. He wasn’t emotional with you, just possive, always dragging you back to him, physically if needed. It wasn’t that you didn’t want him, you did, this beautiful creature at your side was fast becoming your whole world. But as always you hadn’t thought this through, and it was scary if you allowed yourself to fall for this man. You never thought anything through properly, always too quick to fall into anything headfirst, never first considering the consequences. He cared for you, that much was apparent from his offer to harm General Hux; should the man have hurt you. And that had been after you had harmed him too. You cared for him too, but, and there in lay the problem; far too many ifs, buts and maybes. For you to move in with him would be so definite, so final for a man who seemed to value passion as the highest emotion. You doubted if this whole thing went tits up that that same passion, he felt for you could be kept in check. No more likely that that same passion would be used to make your life a living hell, that was if he allowed you to keep it. It worried you, you had both known each other for far too short a length of time, was this really a long term thing? You couldn’t even safely think these thoughts around him, he had openly admitted before to listening to your thoughts before. Whilst he did generally let you know one way or another before he touched minds with you, he never asked you before he did it. Nor did he think to check that you were okay with it. You knew that he meant no harm from it. He did it, because he wanted to make sure you where okay, but it still felt invasive. That, plus living on top of each other, seemed to suggest a level of closeness but not necessarily emotional intimacy. One that with you two, would eventually lead to arguments and quarrels. Neither of you communicated well, both could be petty and easily upset when it suited, and you had no wish to be on the receiving end of his temper. Besides you he stirred and you took a deep breath, changing your thoughts to those of your work plan for the next day. General Hux had been threatening to send you to Starkiller if your efficiency at your current task didn’t improve, and you scowled at the thought. It was a bloody cold on that planet, and the thought of being stuck on it made you uneasy. You didn’t tolerate extremes of temperature very well. Plus, you had people you wanted to avoid on that base, and Kylo was based on the Finalizer. A familiar tingling at your spine dislodged that train of thoughts, bringing them back to the gloriously half naked form besides you. “You’re worried, Hux winding you up again?” You nodded. His titanic frame dwarfing yours, and you felt the bed dip, as he placed his elbows either side of your head. His breath hit your ear and he nuzzled his nose against first your right, then your left ear. His breathing slow and heavy, as he nudged your legs apart with one colossal thigh. “would you like me to make you forget him?” You gulped in the darkness, nodding your answer unseen. He kissed down the outer shell of your ear, sucking your lobe between his teeth to nibble gently on it. His thigh pressing up against the lacy fabric of your sleep shorts, and you whined again as he ground it against you, his voice once more breathless at your ear. “It’s dark beautiful, and I can’t see if you just nod. You need to be clearer in your reply.” You huffed at his teasing, aware that his Force-abilities meant that he knew exactly what your body was craving, he was after all a mind reader. He tutted next to your ear in mock disappointment, before lifting himself off you, leaving you uncovered, as he rolled over onto his back. Sighing as he maintained his charade, as an unmistakeable sound of slapping flesh assaulted your ears. “Well if you’re not wanting me to help you sleep, I’ll have to take care of this myself. He was referring to his erect cock, which judging by the feel of the bed from his exaggerated jerks and moans, he was currently fisting next to you. You pouted sliding your cunt back against his thigh, straddling his leg, whilst he continued to brush his fingers over his cock. You reached your own hand over to him, wanting so much to touch that velvety head. Your mouth watering at the thought of licking up the drops of precum you knew would be gathering there. His spare hand wrapped your wrist, halting its movements as the other left his cock. His thumb smearing the sticky precum he had collected there along your lower lip. You touched it with your tongue, running it across his gifted slickness. Pulling the taste of him back to your mouth, before wrapping your own hand around his fist, pulling his thumb back between your lips, greedily sucking the remaining essence from it. You ground your sex against his thigh, small moans escaping your lips, as you shuddered above him. Both your hands now at an impasse, as they were pinned by their respective partners’. Well you were at an impasse; he didn’t need fingers to touch. He ordered the lights on; keeping the brightness low enough not to hurt your eyes, whilst also illuminating your rutting forms. It danced softly off the curves of his muscles, sharpening them to hard, defining angles. His lips slightly parted, as he huffed gently through them, his eyes roaming your rutting form. It began as finger tips running your spine, nails running softly under the cropped top you slept in to gently cup your breasts. The ghostly presence flicking across the swollen buds of your nipples, soliciting a gasp of pleasure from you. He slipped his fingers from your wrists lacing, them with your own, and you repeated the action with the ones you held, using them for support as another set of phantom hands grasped your hips. Lifting you to press your clothed cunt against his groin, making you aware of his cock pressing between the folds there. Heavy with your arousal, as the hands at your hips guided you in small glides over him. You were already slick with arousal, the lace edges of the fabric caught between both of your sexes. The gentle undulations in the fabric adding a depth of sensation, unmatched by your smooth flesh. “What do you want?” His voice was hurried, breathless, full of need, as beneath you, you felt the twitch of his cock. He wanted this just as much as you did, but he would make you ask for it. “Please.” You voice was barely above a whisper, cheeks flushed pink, lips swollen at the arousal that now coursed your system. You were close, you bit your cheek as you realised it wouldn’t take much. You could cum by this alone if he wouldn’t give in. You whinnied in frustration as his grip at your hips tightened, a buzzing feeling spreading through the muscles in your legs. He rubbed himself against you one last time before lifting his torso up to your chest, his face a victorious smirk as he spoke against your ear; “You think you can cum like that do you?” He continued to taunt you; kissing your cheek, leaving a trail of nips along your clavicle, sucking the flesh where it met your shoulder into his mouth. His teeth leaving a darkened roses printed against your skin, in their wake. He raised one perfect arch in question at your predicament, “frustrated are we?” You nodded, eyes wide. “Please Kylo” “Please what (y/n)? I’ve told you plenty of times, I need you to tell me what you want.” Beneath you he ran a finger over your panties, sliding them against your closed sex. The liquid pooling in them making his digits easier to slide over you. You tried spreading your legs wider, hoping that his finger would brush your clit, whinnying as you realised it was useless, he was way ahead of you in this game. “Fuck me.” Your words were a breathless moan, cheeks blushing at your brazenness. He tutted; “Is that how you ask for something?” His voice was so in control, so at odds with the raging, hard-on he currently sported. Above him you renewed your attempts to move against his force hold. Your entire body a total mess of desire for this man. “Please Kylo, fuck me.” He pulled aside the fabric covering your mound, his hands finally releasing your hands to guide your hips down, onto his waiting member. You threw back your head in absolute rapture, as he filled you his thick, veined cock stroking every inch of your slickened channel. Your hips now nestled against his own, as you rocked against him, the head of that wondrous organ nestled deep inside you. You gasped, making him moan, rolling his own hips in rhythm with your own, keeping himself buried deep inside of you. Your moans only grew in intensity as he rocked into you. Propping himself up on one arm, to gain access to your neck, the other pulling back your hair to arch your back to him. Your tits were thrust forward by the arch of your back, hard beneath the fabric of your sleep shirt as they pressed in offering, against his bared chest. He nibbled one though the fabric, tonguing it to leave the material flattened wet against them. Making you shiver as the cooler air hit, when he removed his warm mouth from you. He kept his movements slow, deliberate, ensuring the angle he kept you at rubbed your clit with every pass; delicious friction spurring you onwards. You gripped his shoulders for support, your core clamping on him as you quivered, ripples of pleasure running your spine. You were close, so very close. “Come for me.” His words breathy in your ear tipped you over, gasping your pleasure against his now waiting mouth. He rolled forwards, kissing you sloppily, his hand leaving your hair, supporting you as he laid you back, his cock kept buried inside you. He slipped his hand under you bottom, briefly squeezing the peachy flesh, before pulling you tighter against him once more. His pace increased, though not to the frenzy which you knew he could pound you with. “Can you cum again for me, princess?” It wasn’t really a question, his fingers finding your already over sensitive nub, rubbing fast, tight circles against it. You felt the unmistakeable rush of your approaching orgasm, giving into it fully as you tensed beneath him in pleasure, his name a prayer on your lips. His own hips stuttered, and he buried his head into your neck, moaning his own gratification against your skin. You lay together, his chest crushing your breasts flat to you, whilst he lay, draped over you, and you felt the smirk as he spoke amused, into your neck. “Do you think you can sleep now?” You nodded, allowing him to pull you back to the top of the bed. Tucking the blankets around you, as you folding yourself over his chest. Snuggling into him, as his arm wrapped you, the aria of his heart, lulling you to sleep. You woke early, still entwined in each other’s arms, you gently disentangled yourself from him. Dressing quietly, before kissing him goodbye. Flitting back to shower and change in the single bedded room, your position as petty officer afforded you, in the ships’ shared dormitories. He had mumbled in his sleep as you left, something about not having to be up so early if you moved in. You rolled your eyes, whilst you showered, he certainly was persistent. But then what would he have to change about his life if you did move in. He kept himself to himself, in the short time you had known him, you hadn’t even met his fellow Knights, let alone any friends. You could hardly imagine being able to welcome your friends around for drinks, in his quarters. There in was another problem even if you could; people would react very differently, when they discovered the Commander was your new boyfriend. You really hadn’t thought this through. Mona and Lollie of course knew, after the whole knocking him out palaver, but they had been naturally sworn to secrecy. Poor Lollie, also earning herself a sort of promotion in the process. That still made you giggle even now. Poor Lollie had been rewarded for her discretion, with promotion to the Commander’s personal medic. You suspected that it was done as his way of making amends, trying to show her he didn’t hold a grudge. Plus, having already seen his face, must have made it easier for him to be unmasked around him. But it meant that due to confidentiality rules, she couldn’t bitch about him to you. Not that if he wasn’t especially difficult for her, you wouldn’t get a holo-message requesting you slap him for some unknown cause later. The only thing she ever said about it though was a quick quip about not having to write, cause of injury: Kylo Ren, on anything anymore. Mona had been sent to Starkiller, it wasn’t done as a banishment, even Phasma was currently stationed there. But you missed her, indomitable, and cheerful spirit lots. After changing inside your cramped quarters, you headed off to the medicenter. Your yearly contraceptive implant was up for renewal, and you’d been told by Kylo to seek out Lollie to have it changed. Strictly speaking, she wasn’t supposed to be your nurse also, but Kylo would insist on you seeing her when he could. Trusting that your friend, over such a personal matter, would have been your choice anyway. You lay back, waiting for the aesthetic to work as she prodded the site, looking for the old implant. She took her time, both of you enjoying a catch up, sitting much longer than you needed to afterwards. She has just located the old one and was in the process of removing it, asking innate questions to keep you distracted. “So are you being shipped off to Starkiller too?” Her comment caught you off guard, and the puzzled look you shot her, had her looking panicked. Making you realise she may have just inadvertently, divulged someone else’s’ personal information. You narrowed your eyes at her, strangely suspicious. There was only one person she could have known, who without a work related reason, would cause you to be shipped off. “No, should I be.” You kept your tone deliberately disinterested, not wanting to alert her to your conclusion. She would only worry she had crossed the man, and clamp up on further information. “Well, it just seems everyone else is being sent there.” You knew it was a deliberate attempt to throw you off, she wasn’t a great liar at the best of times. Her badly timed reply, confirming to you that there was only one reason she would have asked. You decided to ask her a question she probably could answer, knowing it would also safely let her, answer your other question. “Are you being sent there?” “Yes.” As his personal medic, she wouldn’t be sent off to Starkiller without Kylo. Which left only one conclusion, he was being sent to another base, without you and he didn’t think to tell you? It took only a few more moments for your new contraceptive to be implanted, during which time you were strangely quiet. When exactly was he going to tell you he was being deployed? Whilst you realised that he still was privy to military secrets you weren’t. Surely being re-deployed was something he could have told you, rather than you learn it from someone else. Finished you sat up, covering back up the implant site. Lollie was looking worried and you assured he that you wouldn’t tell Kylo she had let it slip, doing your best to convince her you really were okay. You dismissed yourself and headed off, unfortunately ready to start, a very long shift. One that you hoped, wouldn’t involve bumping into the Commander. Chapter 2 : Hostage Negotiations It was a long day; it often was, but today had been worse. Hux had been up your ass, all bloody morning, over some missing work documents. You swore Mitaka had never given you them to begin with, but Hux wouldn’t accept that, and the man was currently on leave, and uncontactable. Not that you both you, and General Hux hadn’t tried several times to contact him. Both on his Military coms, and you on his personal holo-pad. To be fair you couldn’t blame him, seven cycles sans work drama would have been too good, for you not to risk a disciplinary, and turn off your communicator. Lunch break couldn’t come fast enough for you, though at least it had kept your mind off Kylo’s imminent transfer. It was unfair to expect him to tell you every aspect of his job, his security clearance was so far above yours. But being moved surely would have warranted him telling you, especially if he wanted you to be sharing quarters. It was typical of the man, self-serving, and not taking into account how you would feel about all of this, and to top it all off you couldn’t confront him about any of it. Well not without dropping Lollie into it. The most annoying thing was that you wouldn’t have cared if he was being deployed somewhere else, you just needed him to have been the one to tell you. It wasn’t as if you needed to be with him every second of the day. It was just, that this was so impersonal of him, not to tell you himself. Needing to get out for a bit, you checked the chronometer. It was still early, but not too early, and figuring an early lunch wouldn’t hurt you logged out of your work station, collecting yourself to head off to the cafeteria. You were about to leave, when your colleague rushed back to his work station, touching your shoulder to gain your attention. “The Commander.” You work mates’ whisper was a warning, you quickly went back to your own station, not wanting to look too unflustered by Kylo’s appearance. You stood at attention, as he passed by you, flanked by two of his knights and out towards the corridor, connecting to the Generals’ office. You kept your eyes forward, and he didn’t choose to acknowledge you. Which was probably for the best, given your current feelings towards him. He had just made it to the door, when you felt it at your bottom. You knew better than to turn around, already familiar with the way his unseen hands could touch you. It was hardly by now an unrecognisable, quite a normal way to be touched now, however, to do it this publicly wasn’t. You feigned nonchalance, doing your best not to look at Kylo, the touch to your bottom was hardly anything to worry about. Just a gentle patting sensation, leading to a firm grip on your ass. It was when the unseen fingers crept forwards, between your legs that you began to fret. Trying not to look too startled as you looked over in his direction, trying to keep your face neutral as your eyes pleaded with him to stop. He had paused in the door frame, his back still to you but his head cocked to one side, unmistakable in his actions. Your first instinct was to tear away his hands. That would have been pointless, they weren’t actually there and it would have drawn attention to your sorry state. You gave a little moan, quickly trying to pass it off as a cough, as he mirrored fingers cupping your sex, the ghost of a finger slipping through your pussy lips. One of the Knights tilted his head back to you. You blushed a deep red as your eyes met his visor, watching each other for a second. Hoping that he didn’t know what Kylo was doing to you, how aroused your body was becoming at a mere touch. As quickly as it had started it was over, a sensation of your now wet pussy lips being patted goodbye as both Knights moving forwards. Leaving you stood still flustered, and red faced. “You okay?” You nodded, unable to trust your voice. Your colleagues face was innocent and you were grateful for this friendly innocuous question, at least people hadn’t guessed. Needing to be out of there quickly, you grabbed your belongings, and once more tried heading out for lunch. You would have preferred the time to return to your quarters. To take care of what Kylo had started, your body, instead you were willing calm to your throbbing clit, and not trying to think about how good he had felt last night, how his muscles had rippled beneath you as you’d held onto him. All too soon joined in the corridor by several of your workmates, and you did your best to shove aside thoughts of the Commanders’ cock. So none of them wanted to be too close to the Commander whilst he appeared to be meeting with Hux, should anything kick off, and to be fair you couldn’t fault them. The same guy who had asked if you were okay was sat next to you, poking at his food. You had all already taken longer than the one hour allocated break. But none of you had any wish to hurry, gods knew if you would still have work stations left to return to. He was always especially tetchy after a meeting with Hux, a fact which you were now personally, privy to. “He really upsets you doesn’t he?” You hadn’t noticed your colleague was still sitting next to you, still too wrapped up in your own thoughts. Making a noncommittal noise, you chose to ignore his question, dumping your tray and heading back to your workstation. Your colleague, didn’t appear to get the hint, instead following you as you headed out, still chatting as he tailed you. You tried speeding up, but the man didn’t get the hint, even going as far as to wait for you, whilst you used the refresher, for an extended amount of time. “Is there a reason for it?” You gathered by now that your subtlety, wasn’t going to work with this man. You rolled your eyes, gritting your teeth as you squared up to him. Your personal views on the Commander were none of his business. Whilst it was handy for him not to see your earlier discomfort as arousal, you sure as hell were not going to tell outrageous lies either. “Is there a reason for this questioning?” You to be fair probably took a little bit of what was owed the Commander later, out on your workmate. But you reasoned with yourself, he should have taken the hint first. Now he shuffled awkwardly on his feet. You didn’t think he could have appeared more uncomfortable with your reply, if you’d have told him you and the Commander were sleeping together. “No, I just was making small talk, sorry.” He shot you such puppy-dog eyes, you almost felt sorry for the man, but you couldn’t allow your sentiment to interfere. The last thing you wanted was this conversation to continue, you spoke firmly as you walked. “Well don’t. We all have our personal Kylo Ren horror stories, I don’t need to know yours, you don’t need to know mine.” “Are you doing anything later this evening?” You froze in surprise at the Officer, how the hell did someone go from Kylo Ren, to asking if you were free later on. He had waited until you were back at your station to ask this, not leaving you another avenue to bolt. “TK-3284.” The distorter in his mask hid any feeling, but from the set of his shoulders you knew he was annoyed, had the meeting gone that badly? Where the hell, had he come from, and since when did he refer to you by your designation number. His fists clenched as he took a step forwards, completely ignoring the other officer as he came towards you. “I believe you were due back at your workstation twenty clicks ago?” The other officer shot you an apologetic look, as Kylo turned his back to him, doing his best to silently sneak away from you, speeding up the further away he went. The officer had made it almost to an intersection in the corridor, when he froze mid step. Kylo turned around first outstretched in a claw towards him, freezing him in place as he stepped closer. He stood now towering over the officer, the man screaming in pain dropping to his knees. You were fully aware from your experiences that Kylo’s mind probe wasn’t necessarily painful, he had never hurt you when he’d probed yours, but he was deliberately hurting this man. “Fraternizing with an inferior officer again TK-3284?” You ground your teeth, he was just being petty again. The inferior officer he had been referring to had been him, and technically he had been the one fraternizing with an inferior officer. Was this just petty jealousy, or something else? He seemed unusually on edge, more so that he had been over Fives. Satisfied that the man had suffered enough, and it would be safe to intervene you stepped forwards. Kylo stood closer to the downed officer, titling his head in interest, as he looked down at him. Your legs froze as Kylo suddenly stretched his other hand out to you, you rolled your eyes. He was just being obtuse now, it didn’t take his fear of his commanding officer to do what you could manage yourself. Really you should have thought about how you were going to deal with potential admires. Just saying ‘sorry but I’m taken’ was not really an option, but neither was Kylo nearly killing each one. ‘ Do not interfere, trust me, please .’ The words echoed around your skull, the emotional response blatantly obvious in this raw form of communication. Kylo had never used the force to speak to you, nor could you remember him ever of pleading with you. It felt invasive and at the same time, intimate to have him speak to you like this, you could see his reasoning though. It would never have been acceptable for him to talk to you like that in front of people. You relaxed back to your previous stance and felt your muscles unlock as you did so, his attention returning back to the man at your feet. He crouched next to him, summoning over a loitering Stormtrooper. “Interrogation bay 4.” Your eyes shot wide, you were not foolish enough to think that Kylo would have put someone into interrogation for chatting you up. There had to be something far worse, now you just felt mortified to have assumed the man was interested in you. The trooper clapped restraints on the officer, leaving you confused to what had happened. You wanted to demand answers of your boyfriend, but knew better than to ask. Intel on Interrogation was well above your rank, and nothing to do with your role either. You were alone now and Kylo pulled you along the corridor, steering you towards an empty lift. Whilst on duty, this man wasn’t the unmasked lover, who pinned you to his bed and fucked you. This was Commander Ren, and other than a select few, none of them knew how close you two really are. “He meant you harm, at first I thought it just interest, but he knew about us. He has ties to the Resistance, his plan was to get you alone, to use you to hurt me.” You felt sick and shaky, you didn’t need a mirror to tell you, your face had paled. You’d never considered the possibility of personal harm to you because of your relationship with him. You’d been so careful, not wanting workmates to start moaning of any preferential treatment you hadn’t given it a second thought. The vocoder, took any emotional tell from his voice, not what you needed now. You obediently followed him into the elevator, waiting for him to press the button, you turned away. You didn’t want him to see how shook up you were right now, you wanted to be strong, not some weak willed woman. Kylo had spared you any details, for that you were grateful. What you were not grateful for now though, was the robotic presence before you. You wanted the unmasked version of Kylo Ren. The one who’s honeyed, expressive eyes would bore into you, as he told you, it was okay. You took a deep breath, ready to turn around. Telling yourself, you were over reacting, it wasn’t like you had been hurt. His sabre activated, making you turn quicker than you expected. He attacked the wall before, guiding the tip to the control panel, besides your head. You ducked further out of its path, sparks erupting, as he plunged the laser blade through it. It completely fried the circuits, plunging you into a red tipped darkness, bringing the accelerator to a halt. You experienced a moment of darkness, when he deactivated the blade, before the emergency lights came on, bathing you both in a pale amber glow. He reached into your belt for your communicator, typing a written com message before replacing it again. “Looks like we will be undisturbed for a little while.” He removed his mask, reaching around your waist to pull you closer to him, resting his forehead against his. One hand slid up to softly stroke your cheek, the one at your waist tightening. He murmured comfortingly to you as he stroked his nose against yours. His voice just above a deep whisper, holding back the aggression you had seen him take out on the wall, to sooth you. “You’re scared, don’t be no one will be allowed to hurt you.” Hux probably would try though, when he saw the mess Kylo had made of his elevator. If the attack on the wall hadn’t of been so personally motivated, you too would have been upset with him. Curiosity at his anxious state, got the better of you, you shouldn’t ask but you couldn’t help yourself. You voice small in your worry, you needed some answers. “How did he get on board, how--” His hand cupped your cheek tilting you to him. His lips met yours, silencing you in a gentle kiss against your mouth. He repeated the action, before deepening both his kiss and his hold on you, walking you back against the undamaged wall behind you. The passion behind the kiss encompassing your fear, making you forget everything but the virile man pushing himself against your chest. “I need you.” His frank admission shocked you, he never spoke this openly of his desires without prompting. It sent a heady rush of blood to add to the already throbbing supply in your sex. He barely stopped kissing long enough to stutter out his warning to you, before he his hands were on your trousers. Practically ripping them off you, in his urgency to have you. Your own hands went to his trousers, almost spitting in frustration at his layers. He pushed your hand aside, unfastening himself for you, lifting your arms to drape around his neck. He moved aside his sur-coat as he lifted you, pinning you to the wall with his hips, your legs wrapping his waist. There was desperation, in his haste to have you, burying himself inside you in one fluid movement, the burn as he slit you open, making you gasp into his waiting mouth. He gripped your ass cheeks, pulling you closer, himself impossibly deeper as his mouth slid along your jawbone, sucking red marks into your skin. Each pass of his lips becoming harsher, more demanding as his hips swung, repeatedly burying himself hard into you. You clung onto him, unable to do anything but have him fuck you with abandon. The pace he set was brutal, spurred on by his earlier fear, and had you not of had him inside you now; you would have stopped to consider how much he was playing down the threat to you. There was a noise as your communicator went off, not breaking stride Kylo shifted his hold on you, raising his arm to summon the device to you. Your eyes wide at his suggestion you should answer the incoming voice call. Pressing the button for you Kylo held it to your ear, slowing down his pace, his now free hand lowering between you, fingering your clit. “He’s there with you isn’t he.” You took a moment before answering, you knew who he meant, the man currently plunging his cock into you, your voice was not as steady as you had previously hoped. “Yes, General, Sir” “Tell him, I want you both in my office in ten minutes, I want to know why he’s sent a perfectly good officer to interrogation, and why my lift is currently out of order. Kylo gave a low chuckle at your predicament as you realised, the last part of the conversation was heard, not just over the communications device, but also faintly through the elevator shaft. You knew now where he had stopped the elevator. The noise of cutting gear echoed, the grate of the fusion torch against the elevator roof, had you tossing aside the communicator. Kylo’s voice a low growl in your ear to hurry, as you felt his teeth at your neck. He nipped over the bared flesh sucking hard at one patch next to your ear, his voice a panting, “mine” as he appraised the darkening mark he left there, his fingers still strumming your clit. You wailed out his name as you came, core clenching as your own name was a hasty growl spilling forth from his lips. His hips stuttered their last against yours, his cum poured into you as a last kiss was placed against your lips. There was no time for recovery, he lowered your feet to the floor, your legs stiff as he passed you, your trousers. Stooping to help you into them, when your co-ordination struggled. His own clothes were easier to replace, and he donned his helmet, putting your coms device, back into your belt, helping your tidy yourself up. Before turning to look menacingly up as the cutters removed the panel from the roof. One lowered himself in with you, his reluctance to be trapped in the metal box with the potentially volatile Commander Ren obvious. He offered the safety harness first to his superior officer, and you could almost imagine the roll of his eyes behind his mask, as Kylo took it strapping you into it. You were lifted by the Commander onto the roof, sure that his hand at your crotch was no accident as he supported you onto his shoulders, giving you leverage to climb out onto the elevator roof. The Commander sprung up beside you, using a pillow of force to catapult through the hole next to you, supporting you as the other technician attached a safety line. You refused to meet either of your, would be saviours gazes, painfully aware as you were hoisted up the shaft that the man you were attached to could see the side of your neck the Commander had marked. That plus the caterwauling of the Commanders name, must have spoken volumes about what had been happening in the lift. The man at your side kept up an inane chatter, cheerful in his attempts too sooth what he assumed was an unpleasant journey for you, as you watched the black, catlike figure scaling the walls just below you. Show off you thought, smirking at the resounding pride that he was yours, as much as the mark on your neck was his. He climbed fast, and the winching crew let him overtake you, declining their help, hoisting himself through the open doors. It was into his arms you were passed, the strong muscles handling you with ease, as the Commander unhitched your harness, instructing you to follow him, as he strode off towards the Generals’ office. You gave your thanks before following Kylo, almost sprinting in your haste to escape the questioning looks and catch up with the Commander. Chapter 3 : Black Operations The Generals office was hardly somewhere you were unfamiliar with now, you had spent so often in it when Kylo had been chasing you. This time though you entered with the Commander, to face Hux’s wrath. The doors hadn’t even slid closed before Hux rounded on Kylo. “Really Ren, my personal elevator.” You were not ashamed to say you took comfort in hiding behind the Commander, doing your best to go unnoticed, as the two men battled it out. “He was your officer, Hux.” “Ren, all my men are exceptionally loyal, there is no way that officer can be a spy.” Kylo took a step towards Hux, who not to be outdone took one towards Kylo, both men equally self-righteous as the other in their convictions. “Hux I was in his mind.” The General sighed, rolling his eyes at Kylo’s adamant insistence that he was right. “Ren, you have been obsessed for weeks now with finding spies. It’s getting old now, and half my men are too terrified to be in the same room as you.” They were almost chest to chest now, neither man refusing to back down. In another situation it would have amused you to see the two men like this. They should kiss, your mind supplied for you, the image half amusing, half arousing as you imagined Kylo sweeping Hux into his arms, tilting him back, and pulling him into an exaggerated romantic kiss. “Lieutenant?” The black mask was tilted back at you and you blushed. Aware that the warning in his voice meant, he’d seen that thought. You blushed, giving your shoulders a half shrug. It really wasn’t your fault that the two of them were so testosterone fuelled, they could probably power the ship off it. You straightened yourself up, stepping to stand at the side of Kylo. Hux shot you a sideways glance, nodding in greeting, but didn’t bother to speak to you instead concentrating on Kylo. “Commander, if there are spies, mind probing them in the halls of my ship, is not the way to catch them.” “Then what would you suggest then, General?” His voice was so full of sarcasm it practically dripped off him. You hated being caught between them like this. The last time had Hux threatening to throw you out of an airlock. You were sure enough in Kylo’s affections to know he wouldn’t let him hurt you, but as your superior he could make life, interesting. “I would suggest you didn’t go at it like a bantha in a market place! What were you even doing in the man’s mind in the first place.” “The man was badly attempting to flirt with Lieutenant (y/n), I had my suspicions I acted on them.” Hux looked over at you first, who shrugged, deciding this was as good a time as ever to find a seat and wait it out. You were seriously beginning to doubt if General Hux had requested your presence, or if Kylo had decided on fetching you. “Ren, are you sure the man was a spy? Perhaps he was simply nervous, she’s hardly an unattractive woman.” Kylo’s shoulders flexed, the squeak of leather suggesting he was clenching his firsts. He was mad, and understandably. There was no way he could have gotten it wrong after a mind probe, both you and the General knew that Kylo was right here. The slight nod was all he gave Hux, but it was enough. The General sat back in his chair, and if he was deflated by losing the argument, he certainly didn’t show it. His posture was perfect as always, as he prompted Ren to take a seat. You gathered from Hux’s comment that there had been more than one spy, which made you wonder if there had been others sent after you. You had assumed yourself such an unimportant cog in the First Order’s Ranks, that it hadn’t occurred to you that dating Kylo would bring its own risks from outside forces. Your insistence that your relationship be kept a secret, seemed all the more prudent now. The two men continued to discuss the possibility of more spies, the conversation kept rolling without you, and in the end you had to interrupt. This was fast becoming a waste of your time, unlike these two; you had more important work to do, and this was hardly your professional area of expertise. The conversation became more heated, and you suspected it was slowly heading back towards confrontational. “I’m sorry to interrupt General; but why am I here?” Your voice wasn’t exactly neutral, you were bored and fed up of it all. Whilst if it was just you and Kylo you probably would have been less diplomatic. “Yes Ren why is she here?” “Because I want her watched whilst I am on Starkiller, I’m sure troopers can be spared.” Oh, so he was buggering off. You mentally replaced it with a politer version, one that you would ask him later. Not telling you he was being relocated, was a personal matter. You were in the General office on what you thought was a professional matter. Though the request to have you watched was possibly a professional matter, you supposed Kylo would work better without worrying about you. “You’re not going to Starkiller Ren. I have told you before catching a spy requires stealth and tact, not exactly your strong point.” You winced. Whilst the General was absolutely right, being told of his flaws was hardly his forte. Though thankfully if he was dissuaded from going, there was no need for you to be watched constantly by someone. There was nothing to draw attention like having some bodyguard constantly watch you. “I am not having a body guard.” You were no less defiant in the set of your jaw than your voice. The chrome and black mask turned to face you. You hated dealing with that mask, it was so cold devoid of emotions. You’d remember later he meant well, that his anger normally meant he was concerned for you. But for now it just made you bad-mannered. “I mean it Kylo. I am not having someone following my every step, this is a war, at the end of the day I am a soldier.” “Good, you will obey the orders given to you by your superior.” It was a good come back, except technically not true, and be dammed if you were going to let it slide after that one. “Except you’re not are you Kylo, and given there would be a conflict of interests.” “Enough!” You flinched. This man however, was your superior, you lowered your head in shame. You had just been doing with Kylo; pretty much what you had mentally berated the General for doing. “When you two have quite finished, I have a ship to run. So can we please get down to the matter at hand.” You were shown back to a seat, and you took it as an invitation to stay for their meeting, though you stayed out of it. Aware this was an honour to be at such a high level meeting, and not one you were entirely sure you were comfortable with being in. It seemed that both men were beginning to agree on the possibility of a Resistance mole, within the First Order. But given that there had been no movement of any data, or outright strikes against the First Order it was impossible to say either way. One thing they did disagree on was Kylo’s plan to keep searching for him, although in the end he did reluctantly, agree to Kylo spending some time on Starkiller looking. “I suppose it will do no real harm, though perhaps you could take Lieutenant (y/l/n) with you.” This was not something you had bargained for, was this the General deciding you should have kept Kylo in check. Should you have been backing up General Hux, did he think you should have somehow known about something way above your paygrade and rank? You furiously racked your mind, for a conversation with either man, which may have been a warning to this. Cringing as you remembered the General a week or two ago, making what you thought at the time, was a joke about Kylo terrorising the new recruits. You should have known, there were signs and Hux had been threatening to transfer you. You’d have done it you thought, if you were Hux. If only to get Kylo off the ship and a few days of peace, you knew better than to argue. The meeting eventually came to an end. Both men had discussed more plans, all of which seemed to involve you, the perks of being in the military you groaned inwardly. There was one thing to be happy about though, at least being transferred with Kylo meant he had agreed that you wouldn’t need a guard. You slinked off to your quarters, cheekily avoiding the last few hours of your shift. The first thing you did, after cranking up your heating, was to block Kylo from the current access list to your quarters, then you dragged your greatcoat out from the back of your wardrobe. You hadn’t really needed it on board the Finalizer, but suspected it might become a central part of your everyday wear on Starkiller. The weather there ranged from a cold snowy winter, to a frozen artic. You completely understood the reasoning’s behind them choosing that planet, but not why you had to go there. A bleep sounded, indicating someone at the door, you ignored it. Currently the only person who might visit you, who couldn’t walk in was Kylo. You didn’t think you could deal with him having a tantrum about Hux, alongside your own sulking. It buzzed again, and you headed into your small refresher, running a shower. You stripped off, enjoying both the warm water, and the knowledge that you would be warm when you got out. Not something you could look forward to on board that frozen planet. You scowled, wrapping yourself in a towel, picking out a pair of shorts, and a vest top. Determined you were going to enjoy the warmth whilst you could. You picked out a pile of warm underwear, figuring looking good, was going to be the last thing on your mind for a while, taking them to put in your suitcase. “General!” You screeched, running back for a longer pair of pants and a top. He waited patiently on your small, couch. “You know Lieutenant; I could swear this room’s temperature is somewhat high. I would hazard a guess at it being well above the regulation setting on the ships thermostat.” It was, Kylo had broken into the system and given you a manual override of your room’s temperature settings. You had it normally, set to a few degrees above the rest of the ships system. It had never been anything to worry about before, but then Hux had never bothered visiting you in your quarters either. You looked guilty, there was no point in denying it, though you could see the illicit privilege being quickly revoked. You manged a quick and questioning ‘Sir’, before he waved you to sit. You did, and in the absence of another seat, you picked the coffee table opposite. “Lieutenant, you can sit next to me. I will not bite; I simply wish to talk to you.” You slid over to the opposite side of the couch, sitting as far from Hux as you could. You still weren’t happy to have him in here, though you didn’t dare voice that disapproval. He waited for you to settle, this time rolling his eyes at your positioning. It was hardly comfortable, but then it hardly seemed proper to have him here him your quarters. “I want to talk to you about Kylo’s plan.” You weren’t stupid, Hux had picked here to keep Kylo out of the conversation. “Sir before we start; if this is to be kept private I should warn you, he reads my mind.” “No surprise there Lieutenant, however don’t worry. I simply wish to talk uninterrupted, not to exclude him.” You nodded quickly thinking to offer the General a drink. He declined but you made yourself one anyway, hoping this wouldn’t take long. It was late and you still had things to do, more packing to do, the transfer order had you scheduled to move the next day. “I have managed to convince Ren that in social situations, you are his superior. It will be uncomfortable for him, but he has promised to listen to you for advice on social interactions.” Like that would happen, you thought grimly to yourself. Almost scalding your tongue on the hot liquid, as you listened. The more Hux went on, the more it sounded like some weird joke, Ren would be placed into a role that allowed him to move freely amongst the ranks. You were to be in essence a farce of a handler, though Hux assured you that as he was taking command of the base, he would be about. Hux felt that around you, the Commander seemed to be less prone to destructive out bursts, and the ones that did happen seemed to blow over quicker. Hux finished up by assuring you this wasn’t a punishment, just the best way he could see the Commander getting this out of his system. You were exhausted when you boarded the shuttle first thing, you had not had the satisfaction of turning Kylo away from your quarters. It was kind of a sore and conflicting subject, you had fantasied all night about him turning up and begging forgiveness. First for not having asked you to come with him, and then for dragging you into this horrible and soon to be cold mess. The journey was thankfully short, and as you were sent in the troops transport, along with Lollie. A much more interesting, and companionable journey, than travelling with Hux, and Ren; who you suspected were in the Command Shuttle, accompanying your transport. “You okay?” You nodded, rubbing your tired eyes. No amount of concealer seemed to have worked on hiding the bags, under them and you were so thankful when Lollie handed you over her flask of caff. You thanked her, taking a long swig and then handed it back. “You don’t look so good.” You didn’t, for some reason the Troop Transport vessels always made you sick. It was probably the lack of viewports. You leaned back against the cool durasteel panel behind you, Lollie rummaged into her bag lifting out a syringe, pulling up your sleeve. “What the fuck, Lollie.” “It’s an anti-emetic, I had orders to come prepared. That and we’ve done this before, and last time you did spew on me.” You grimaced, at the memory. It was back during training, and how you had worked out you liked each other’s company. That and the large bottle of wine, you’d both drunk that evening. You allowed her to inject the medicine, feeling almost instantaneously better. “Really, (y/n) you should have come and seen me sooner. I really like these shoes.” You managed a tight lipped, half smile. Both of you were in regulation uniform there was nothing exciting about anything you both wore. You mumbled a half reply, about taking tablets before setting off. She still told you off, you knew they didn’t always work, for you. She could have given you something better. She was right of course. Even without Kylo’s insistence that you get the same level of medical care as him, (Well maybe not the level, he allowed himself to be given, but certainly the one he was granted.) Lollie would have still snuck you the drug. You just hadn’t thought about it, too miserable at leaving the warmth of your room. The claxon sounded, signalling the shuttle would be dropping out of hyperspace, and you all scrambled for your restraints, waiting patiently for the touchdown. Cold was not the word for what hit you, when the doors opened. You shivered, even with your thermals and greatcoat on, it was freezing. Lollie waved a quick goodbye, heading off to the medical bay. She would be assigned her own room there; you were just left to shiver. All cargo, was unloaded by service droids, your luggage would be sent straight to your quarters. You had almost given up and set off to find your own when a trooper appeared. You followed him to your quarters, confused as you were lead past what appeared to be the single bedded dormitories. Perhaps you were in shared quarters, again you mused. You weren’t, the door he stopped outside of was a couple’s dormitory. You thanked the Trooper and went through your access procedure, trying not to look confused. Maybe as an apology you had been provided with a larger room? Either way your luggage was not here and you were hungry now. After sending an enquiring message to Lollie you decided to set off to find the mess hall, for food. You had the whole day set as your transfer time, so there was no hurry to report to your commanding officer, whom ever that was. There was no name set, but as he had been transferred with you, you suspected it would still be Hux. That at least would be easier, better the devil you knew you thought. Lollie had beaten you to the food, a plate of nutritious, but unappealing slop lay in front of an empty place, opposite her and next to an unknown trooper. You thanked her, spooning the stewed synth-protein and vegetables quickly into your mouth, thankful that it tasted better, than it looked. You were getting too soft, too reliant on the better quality food stuff Kylo was providing you with aboard the Finalizer. You chased it down quickly with the glass you assumed was for you, coughing and spluttering at its bitter taste. It wasn’t water you hastily gathered, from the good natured laughs, from the other troopers at the table. It seemed even here, moonshine was brewed and it had given to you and Lollie as a welcoming drink. You slowed down after that, grimacing as you sipped it. The two troopers opposite you were hardly unattractive, though one took your grumpy answers to his attempted flirting with amusement. Lollie quickly, broke in for you, assuring both men you were spoken for, but she wasn’t. The flirting continued, and you soon took it as banter, not an actual attempt to go anywhere. “My boyfriends, just a little possessive,” You slurred, after your glass had been topped up, again. “hey, this is good stuff. Sorry just wouldn’t want you to get into trouble.” Speaking of which, Lollie murmured in your ear, quietly so no one could hear. You looked up, a black swathed form sitting down at a nearby table. He seemed to be working on a datapad, actively ignoring you. Interesting you thought, two could play at this, thinking every filthy thought your drunken brain could supply you with. He hadn’t contacted you since yesterday’s meeting with Hux, and you knowing that he could overhear your thoughts you decided to treat him to some particularly interesting ones. It was after the fourth that you decided it, wasn’t working and it was time to head back to your room, and try a more hands on approach to getting his attention. The room swaying you placed your hands on the table, the trooper helping you up meant well, but the blond appearing at your side still had a face like thunder. You looked between Matt, and the robed Kylo still in the room, Lollie looked between you both, registering quicker than you could the presence an irate ‘Matt’. “You!” you hissed, eyes rolling not just his sudden and angry appearance, but the really bad disguise he wore. Not this again you silently pleaded, he was a frankly awful technician, and a bad actor. So bad people didn’t realise he was acting half the time. You knew the itinerary had stated that both Hux and Kylo were traveling in the Command Shuttle. The Trooper providing the drinks however, seemed to know Matt and greeted him warmly. “Hey Matt, sit down.” “Hello, Heavy.” It was as good nickname the Stormtrooper was enormous, easily as tall as Kylo, and possibly heavier built. Heavy offered Kylo-as-Matt a drink, you swiped it away from him, trying to drink it yourself. The Trooper, seemed to think it was amusing, and protested at Matt’s attempts to pull it away from you. In the end he must have decided it was easier, to let you drink it, hoisting you over his shoulder afterwards. You waved goodbye, to them promising to come say hi another night, Lollie holding her head in her hands, as Heavy complemented Matt on you being as interesting as promised. You were deposited on your bed, it seemed Kylo had done your unpacking for you, pulling nightwear from a draw. Handing it over to your drunken protests that you could manage. You were merry, but sober enough to realise that he had been here longer than you, and from the way he pulled things from his own set of draws also staying here. Your drunken self however took umbrage at this, cut off by Kylo. “I assure you this is only a temporary thing. Though it’s worth noting how you feel about living with me.” Chapter 4 : At-ease You were tired, slightly hung over, and despite the extra layers, still bloody freezing. Last night had not gone well at all, and despite your attempts to explain to him, Kylo was having none of it. Apparently, he had expected you to return sooner and so had been sat up waiting for you to return, so he could explain. Because it couldn’t have been done before you left the Finalizer, you fumed moving faster in a failed attempt, to gain some warmth. It was your first real argument as a couple, and you felt cut up by it. Inside the heart of the operations base, and out of the bare ice and rock walls, it was still no warmer. You shivered, feeling miserable with both the ice and Kylo’s cold shoulder. And his behaviour really, wasn’t doing anything to help matters between you both. It stung that he thought that way about you, that he assumed your hesitance to move in, meant you somehow cared less for him. But neither of you were prepared to back down, you were both too headstrong. You told him, that he should have talked through his plans with you. That way you would have understood, why he needed you both to appear an established couple. You might have been a little more willing to do this for him, then. He had argued that you thought him stupid when he pretended to be Matt, and to be honest he was right. If more people ever saw the Commander’s unmasked face, then this charade would be over a lot quicker. You had walked past him that morning, on your way to Starkiller’s command centre, and if he had noticed you he didn’t show it, that stung. He was too in tuned to your Force-signature to not be, either ignoring you, or deliberately blocking out your Force-signature. You rolled your eyes, as usual some Stormtrooper was playing pranks on the technicians. This one kicking their stuff out of their way, as he moved on his patrol. This time he had picked on Kylo-as-Matt, and one sideways glance at him, and you knew he was about to blow. It took everything in you to avoid walking away in pettiness, and leaving him to deal with it himself. General Hux had been insistent in you helping him out in social situations, and whilst this didn’t count as social; he looked ready to both commit social suicide and murder. You took a deep breath; it wasn’t worth it to risk upsetting Hux, you had to act. Turning back on yourself, you reasoned that, although not directly in the Stormtroopers chain of command, you were the higher-ranking officer. “Trooper!” The man stopped and, surprisingly so did Kylo; watching you with interest. Let him you thought, this would show him you weren’t some frail woman in need of his help all the time. This time you were going to save him, you could manage all by yourself. You walked up to the Stormtrooper, standing toe to toe with him. There was a huge height difference, but that didn’t stop you from eyeballing him, or at least peering through his visor to where they should be. Dropping to attention he paused and thankfully had the training to stay still. “Mam!” “You appear to have stood in something, Trooper.” Your voice came out a low hiss of command, and you couldn’t bring yourself to look at the knelt figure of ‘Matt’ behind him. Though you could tell from his orange jump suit he was facing you, probably watching you, this could go very wrong you summarised. Should the Stormtrooper get cocky, or try to show you any disrespect, there was a very good chance of Matt taking over and it would be as Kylo. That was the last thing you needed, it would ruin his plans, and make you look unable to cope. Brushing that aside you instinctively stood straighter, trying desperately to appear taller, more of a threat. Thankfully the Stormtrooper seemed to be behaving himself, and had the sense to look back at Matt, realising where this was going. “Well, Trooper, do you not want to see what it was? It might have been important.” The Stormtrooper went back and carefully picked up whatever tool he had kicked out of the Technicians way holding it up. You kept still, hands clasped behind your back, peering up under your cap. “Well, Trooper what is it?” He looked at the item, trying to figure out what it was but obviously couldn’t. You decided to help him out, you didn’t know what it was either; but that wasn’t the point. “You don’t know, do you Trooper?” The man slowly shook his head, and you carried on relaxing more into authority, when it wasn’t challenged. You relaxed into it, you were quite good at this when you got going. You supposed it helped that your last few run ins with General Hux offered you so much personal material to draw from. You walked back over to the Technicians, daring to steal a brief glance at Kylo, before pointing down at Matt, and the small attractive blonde Technician at his side. “If you don’t know what it is, then how can you decide if it’s important.” She was a little close for your liking, though you reasoned with yourself that it was because she was doing her best to stay hidden. This was work, you told yourself, you couldn’t get jealous because you’d both had a fall out. The Stormtrooper seemed to take the initiative, and head as bent as far in contrition as his helmet would let him, walked over to hand back the tool. Thankfully it was the small blonde female technician who stepped forwards to take it, and not Kylo. You didn’t think you could deal with him right now, there was a small grin from her and a muttered thank you, though it was to you not the Stormtrooper. You decided to impart a final warning on him before you left. “Trooper; the First Order is like a well-oiled machine. If we are respectful of one another and do not push others around because we can, then it works. Assume we are better than someone else because of our place in it, or that others don’t matter and it fails. Remember that Trooper.” It was a small speech worthy of General Hux and you felt smugly pleased with yourself as you twirled on your heels, and walked away. It took you almost to the command centre before you realised, that those words held true to more than just the Stormtrooper. If Kylo had asked you, then for the sake of this mission you would have moved in. It would have taken all pressure off you, and should it be too much too soon, it would be easy enough to say so. You could have just gone back to your separate rooms once back aboard the ship. Rounding the corner; you punched out at a durasteel panel in frustration, then when you realised how close you were to crying. This wouldn’t do, you were the controlled one, Kylo the unpredictable ball of raw emotions. Quickly you rubbed at your eyes, pressing the heels of your hands into them to stop yourself. You were supposed to be the sensible one, but you hated arguing with him and the emptiness it left you. Although he slept with you last night, this morning he had been long gone, before you woke up. It was the first time he had ever left the bed without waking you, to kiss you goodbye. You realised that you wanted to go back and hug him, to say sorry and have him kiss you. But pride stopped you, you couldn’t bring yourself to back down now. If he couldn’t see he was wrong, even after explaining it to him, then frankly he could do one. The rest of the day was uneventful; you had been tasked by Hux, with decoding messages from nearby ships. The computer did most of it, but you just had to check over any that it pulled out as unusual, it was boring work but it had yielded a few amusing conversations. None of them needed passing on to anyone else and thankfully you signed out. Your quarters were just as cold as everywhere else, there was no override setting. Apparently, the whole base had to be kept below a certain temperature; something to do with how the ‘super weapon’ the core contained worked. You waited but still there was no sign of Matt, and so you headed out to find your evening meal alone. The Mess Hall was packed, and you quickly realised, that in this mood, it perhaps wasn’t the best of times for you to come. Grabbing something quick, you looked desperately around the room for a spare seat. There was one next to the Stormtrooper who’d fed you the alcohol last night; the one Matt had called Heavy. He looked up and winking jerked his head to the spare seat, placing his arm over it to turn aside someone trying to take it. You walked over, thanking him as you took the seat. The meal like most First Order grub, was unappetising, the flavour sacrificed for cost, and nutrition. It didn’t help your mood, and after a few mouthfuls you pushed the rest around your plate; you weren’t hungry anyway. “If you’re not eating that.” You blinked, you’d been so deep into your sulk that you had forgotten you had company. Heavy gestured down at your plate, and you quickly invited him to eat it, amazed that anyone would want more of this slop. The man had been here far too long, if he found this stuff, that appetising that he could easily put away two servings of it. It was even worse than the food aboard the Finalizer’s canteen, which was strangely, irregular. Normally planet side food was better tasting than ship fare. Heavy soon polished off your plateful too and looking at the size of Heavy; he had to be eating well. He wasn’t quite as tall as Kylo, but he was thicker built, no doubt well muscled under his armour. You knew that, the Storm troopers already got a higher protein ration than anyone else, but that normally came as a paste or bar, both of which didn’t amount for Heavy’s size. He barely fit in his armour, he had to be getting a better diet than the others, which led to the possibility of other contraband. You had just made up your mind to ask, about raw goods, when across the room a commotion drew your attention. On one table clustered together, was a group of orange shirts, and clearly visible by the higher blonde mop of curls was Matt. He seemed to conversing easily, something he had never seemed to do before, and worst of all he was surrounded by girls. The conversation around him seemed animated, and he threw his head back in laughter. Your eyes narrowed at the blonde from earlier, she sat too close, and dared to touch his arm, to draw his attention to her. Kylo had almost killed men for less, this was all too much you realised, you had been miserable all day, and here was he enjoying himself. Worse than that, he was managing to do everything he claimed to find difficult on the Finalizer, everything he had argued he needed you near him for. You were cross and there was no way you were staying around for this! Standing up you grabbed the remains of your caff and refusing to look at him, you stormed out of the room, trying not to show how upset you were. You were half way down the corridor when as huge hand grabbed your arm. You turned around hoping to see Kylo, but instead Heavy stood there. Your heart sunk in your chest, was he still ignoring you, or had the gaggle of technicians been a way to punish you, to purposefully make you resentful. “You look like you need to get out of here, come on.” You frowned, yes you did, but not back to your own quarters. Heavy knew the base better than you, and seemed to be friendly. But you didn’t want to risk him to thinking you spending time with him was going anywhere. He seemed ready to flirt with anyone, though you got the impression that he did so out of fun than anything else. You weighed up your solutions. Kylo much to your disappointment hadn’t followed you out of the cafeteria, and you were not going back in there. Somehow the idea of pushing past all those people to get his attention, didn’t seem feasible to you right now. Shrugging your shoulders, you nodded and told Heavy to lead on. Starkiller seemed to have a couple of Recreation Halls, as well as the Mess Hall and Heavy’s idea of fun seemed to involve more alcohol, and one or two other Stormtroopers. Soon enough it had become drunken silliness, and you were failing miserably to keep up with them. You knew from Mona; that the Stormtroopers seemed to regard their hangovers, as something of an occupational hazard, making you wonder how Hux kept such order. He knew about Finger’s still, so he had to know about this too. You were well past sober and less than happy to see him by now, when Matt finally sat down opposite you. He proffered you a glass of water and you took it, half tempted to throw it at him, as the blonde followed. You glowered at the pair of them, not that either noticed, since they were still drinking alcohol. “Not sure Hux would like you drinking ‘Matt’.” To his credit Kylo avoided rising to the bait, though the blonde looked unsettled. Kylo ignored you, to talk to Heavy, drawing the shy blonde into the conversation. Pouting you sipped at your water ignoring them. More troopers must have joined the table, and somehow the conversation had turned to Kylo Ren. They seemed to be discussing a mess Matt, had cleaned up for Kylo. You snorted back your laughter, sure by the dark look he shot Heavy, that Phasma was having fun at Kylo’s expense. Apparently, he had been in the room with Kylo when he ripped apart some newly fixed computers with his sabre. You smirked, pleased he finally knew what it was like, to have his work undone. “You know him personally (Y/N), very personally if I remember rightly.” Your gut flipped, that was a voice you hadn’t wanted to hear ever again. From under the table you felt the press of a leg, and a phantom hand at your back. It had been deliberately kept quiet that you were with the Commander, it made sense not to go telling everyone, both for your safely and to keep professional boundaries. The blonde technician looked impressed at your connection to the Commander, and chin held high you met her gaze for a moment, as she muttered how scary he was. That drew another smirk from you, especially when she drew closer to Matt, how would she feel if she knew exactly who she was sat next to. You pulled yourself together and your head swivelled to face him, and backed up by Kylo you finally let yourself look at him. He had changed his hair, and if rumours were something to be listened to, was thoroughly enjoying the bachelor life style. You’d have given anything for Mona to be here right now, to lend weight to your group, she outranked Fives, and you could see this getting nasty. You knew without looking Kylo was coiled tight ready to spring, you wouldn’t even have to request for him to kill. You begged silently for him to behave, almost shouting it in your head. ‘Stop shouting I can hear you! I will stay calm, though if he threatens you, I will kill him.’ Despite the death threats, he seemed very calm in your head, more so than you felt and looking over at him his dark eyes steadily looking at you. For once in your short turbulent relationship he was the height of calmness, the eye at the centre of your storm. There were expectant looks at you, and gritting your teeth you, turned to him, not sure how to proceed. You had expected to see him still seated, but instead he was getting ready, to walk for a drink, the blonde following him. Like some sort of pet you thought bitterly to yourself. You didn’t need him you told yourself, it should be easy to deal with Fives. In fact, the safest place for Kylo probably was the bar, though you just wished he’d put off that girl. You looked back at Five’s nodding your head, before shrugging, determined to play this down. Fives was not letting this go, he had found a hole, and was prepared to poke a stick in it. “What’s he like?” It was someone else that had spoken, and behind them, you could see Matt and the blonde, giggling together at the bar. Just what exactly was he playing at, now you were furious, you raised your voice, ensuring it carried. “He’s amazing in battle, and I can see why he’s an asset to the First Order. Shame he doesn’t care enough not to stop wrecking things though!” Fives smirked, clearly both pleased, and amused with your response. You had bitten you thought glumly, and realised you had been stupid. There was no way Kylo was going to back you up now. “I think, (y/n) what he meant was what is like on a more personal level.” She hadn’t, but with Matt returning he was out to cause maximum damage. Couldn’t he just move on and be happy, it wasn’t as though either of you were the victim. Matt had returned and placed drinks on the table, sliding one across to you. You thanked him, genuinely pleased to have him there, and reached to take it from him. Fives wasn’t about to give up, as though noticing Matt for the first time he spoke in greeting, to him. “So, you actually stuck along with this one?” His tone was, dangerous and somehow you managed to keep your face blank. No one had ever told him Matt and Ren were the same person, and you thrived on knowing something he didn’t. The atmosphere was getting worse. Already people around the table had slunk off, or were making polite excuses to leave, though there were always the on lookers. Next to you Heavy sighed, and taking a long swig from his drink spoke. “Kylo Ren is a punk ass bitch who weighs forty pounds wet through.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the War Games. series