I'm Your Guest I’m Your Guest You were making your way down one of the more insulated hallways of Starkiller base—in truth, you were brisk walking your way, resisting the urge to all out run in order to prevent panic. Well, you were panicking. Your mind kept insisting that you were not going to make it this time. The mantra repeating itself in your head— shit, shit, shit —was, naturally, rather ironic and caused your already screwed-up face to devolve into a further scowl. You set a hand on your gut, dodged around a corner—and smacked straight into a random raven-haired man. You looked him up and down, though in truth you hardly spared him a glance, and resumed your darting towards the nearest refresher. “Do you not realize who I am?” a deep baritone reached your ears. Huh, you thought; it must have come from the man you had bumped into. You waved a hand over your shoulder. “Don’t know, don’t care, gotta rush—bye!” The final syllable uttered as you at long last were able to fling yourself into the refresher. You plunged forward into a stall, slammed shut the door, and yanked down your pants and panties. Sitting on the toilet, your stomach grumbled louder than the groan that escaped your lips. It was beyond embarrassing, having to deal with IBS-D. Irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea. Your coworkers never gave you crap— ha! —for it, however that did not change the fact that blood would rush to your face whenever you returned from one of your trips to the bathroom. Some days, naturally, were better than others. And you had medication to help. Hemorrhoid cream for those extra painful days. It was in the same drawer as a box of unused condoms. An unopened box. The truth of the matter was that you were far too appalled at the idea of having anyone over for the night for fear of your intestines acting up as they currently were. That you had a room for yourself with an adjoining refresher spoke volumes of the mercy of the First Order on one of their lead consultants. It even had a fan. Plenty of air freshener. They did what they could to keep you comfortable. Presently, you clutched your stomach. “I’m dying.” You reached off to the side and dragged the tiny trashcan over towards you, a wad of spit landing in it as you fought off the roll of nausea. You felt like vomiting, not that that would help any. Squeezing your eyes closed, you puffed out a stream of air through pursed lips and endured—your fourth trip to the toilet that day, which had started a mere five hours ago. Feeling rather under the weather after your forty-five minutes on the toilet, you allowed the cool water to run over your wrists. You had washed your hands before, and now you were trying to shake off the last bits of nausea going through you. Your stomach was visibly less bloated, your uniform shirt fitting more to standards—again, they were so damn lenient with you, you would have been insulted if you weren’t so overcome with gratitude. You permitted your head to loll back a few seconds before you shut off the faucet and headed for the refresher door. Across the hall, the raven-haired man was lurking. Glowering. His eyes narrowed and his hands in fists. “What were you doing in there?” “Wh-what?” His eyes pinched at the sides, the man’s brow furrowing. His gaze traveled to the door behind you then back to your face. “…I see.” “Uhm, dude, I can take a shit if I…” You fumbled for words, blood pulsing in your ears and your face. Damn was this churning your already-sensitive stomach. You balled your hands into fists. “Look, I don’t care who you are: fuck off!” Not staying to watch the man’s reaction, you stormed back in the direction from which you had previously been rushing away. Your hand was once more on your gut, tapping it and hoping the bloating stayed away. There were still spasms occurring, you could feel them. A nagging at the back of your head, warning you that this might not be the last trip to the refresher. At that you made a mental note: use a different refresher. Creepazoid might still be lurking. Thankfully, the next wave of diarrhea did not hit until after you had eaten a light dinner, which coincided with you being in your own quarters. You had quite literally tossed aside the datapad you had been working with to rush into the refresher. It was always easier to relax in the comfort of your private refresher. Never the worry of someone coming in to use a different stall—no stalls, you thought with a weak smile that morphed into a grimace. No worries that someone would comment on the smell—stars, you had forgotten to turn on the incense dispenser so that the awful stench would not permeate throughout your room. With a sniffle, you reached forward and flicked on the fan. That should help at least a smidge, you thought. You were bent over nearly in two, your body tensing then relaxing as the waves hit. With a whimper, you would reach back and flush the toilet. The trashcan was once more in front of you in case you needed to spit or, on the worst occasions, actually vomit. You had not had it this bad in quite a while. Breakfast sucked, man. It tasted so good. What the fuck did I even eat? Never eat it again. Have to get the menu so that I don’t eat it again. You started to rummage through drawers. Currently there was a lapse in the actual going , though you could hear and feel your intestines making wet rumblings that indicated things were literally moving along. “Oooh…perfume.” You seized the small vial, pointed the nozzle in the air, and sprayed twice. “Ah, fuck…shitty flowers.” You made a gagging face, set the perfume back into the drawer, and instead grabbed out a hair tie. You pulled back your hair, tying everything up prior to leaning forward and spitting in the trashcan. The bag made a sort of hissing noise at the contact, the plastic rustling. “Dying again.” You reached behind yourself and flushed the toilet for a third time. When at long last you felt as though you were through, you applied some petroleum jelly to your sore behind, washed your hands with an excess of soap to erase the feeling of nastiness that overcame you whenever you had such horrific episodes of diarrhea, and with a sigh and deciding to leave the fan running for a few minutes longer, you exited your refresher. Only to jerk backwards and scream a sharp— Ah! Creepazoid was in your room, the brunette wearing loose-fitting black sweatpants and a tanktop. His arms had muscles . Please don’t be here to kill me. You kept your hand resting over your heart, where it had flown during your initial fright. “Uhm…” Creepazoid was turning on your second incense device. Again did you feel shame and embarrassment over your condition welling up inside of you. Your stomach released a light grumble, and your hand dropped from your heart to your aching gut. Stars, but did it feel like someone had sucker-punched you. “This… How the fuck did you get into my quarters?” “I requested access to your passcode.” That deep voice. If only you were not so achy, you might have been attracted to it. Then again, there was also the fact that it belonged to a creeper who had entered your quarters without your permission. You squinted, attempting to make sense of what he was saying. The man’s head tilted to the side, and his Adam’s apple bobbed. “You…truly do not know who I am.” “Uhm…uh… That… Dude, that does not give you the right to… Are you—how long have you been stalking me?” That should be on the list of things to not ask your stalker—unless it already was. Your eyes darted around for a blunt object, anything with which you could defend yourself. “I will be remaining here as your roommate.” “Uhm… I have… In my file, it’s—“ “There will be more incense brought.” You flinched at his words, feeling tears pricking the corners of your eyes. You retreated back into the bathroom, closing the door. “Even still?” You chewed on your bottom lip and slipped down into a kneeling position. Feeling that it placed pressure on your stomach, you shifted until you were comfortable. Only then did you allow your head to tilt backwards so that you could stare up at the ceiling. The tears began to slip down your cheeks. You had already felt so miserable and now—who even was this guy? Doesn’t matter, you thought, sniffling once more before forcing yourself to regain your composure. You stood back up on your feet, opened your drawer, and withdrew that ever-useful perfume. With your finger on the nozzle, you angled the bottle so that it was near your back, out of sight as you exited the refresher. The dark-haired man was still in your quarters. His gaze traveled to you, and you cautiously made your way further into the room this time. “You were…crying…” His brow knit once more, as though he could not fathom why you would cry at all. This had you clenching your teeth. You were hunched over as you stood, the pain and discomfort in your gut not allowing you to stand fully erect. Another step in his direction. His eyes fell towards the floor before rising once more to your face. “What—“ Your hand shot forward, however he had rather quick reflexes. The man caught your wrist, pushing it down so that the shot of perfume hit his chest rather than his eyes. His nostrils twitched. “Perfume…” “Who gave you the passcode?” you managed to ask with more brevity than you had expected; in truth, you had thought you would only manage a mash-up of syllables, given how he was holding your wrist—such a tight grip! The next breath you released was more in-tune with how you were feeling; shaky, ragged. “I’m supposed to get my own room. It’s in my file… Who gave you—“ “Your condition will not be of any consequence. I do not often need to utilize the refresher.” “You weren’t officially assigned here, were you?” you asked. His eyelids descended then rose more slowly than previous times. As though he was actually considering what had been said to him. His lips parted, yet he said nothing. “Who are you then?” “I recall you stating that you do not care.” So precise, so damn eloquent. You screwed up your face, looking him up and down. “Fine then…” You searched your mind for something and grasped onto the first thing that came to it. “Matt!” You were quite adept at confounding him, catching him off-guard, for his eyebrows drew towards one another and his mouth opened a little. “Get the fuck out of my quarters.” At the very least, ‘Matt’ relinquished his hold on your wrist. You retreated back to the refresher once more, this time to replace the perfume back into its proper place. Your eyes darted around for another weapon when— Damn it! You had just enough time to slam the door closed, open the toilet, and shove down your clothes so that you could utilize the facilities again. From the other side of the door, you could hear Matt moving around. Looking through your possessions. You groaned, this time not because of your stomach. The squeaking of a mattress. Was that fucker—? You remained extra quiet, straining to hear. He was! He was on your bed! “Get out of my quarters, Matt !” you shouted, your words garbled as your body decided it despised you and the stress Matt was putting you through. It was when you were finished—and beyond exhausted —that you practically crawled out of the refresher. The incense had your quarters smelling mighty nice…and the individual who had turned on the two devices was indeed in your bed. Reading one of your holonovels. You scowled, adjusted your loose clothing as you slipped your bra back on in a way that helped you to conserve your dignity, and seized up your commlink. “You do not need that,” he said in a rather calm voice. “Yes I do,” you moaned out pathetically. You needed to contact one of your superiors. “I… You aren’t cleared… This is my room. Fuck off.” “Just come to bed,” Matt said dismissively. You looked over your shoulder at him. Not only was he reading one of your books, but he was playing on your gaming datapad. Your arm dangled at your side, the commlink slipping through your fingers. “I will not kill you in your sleep.” You snorted, your mind attempting to come up with an answer as to why it seemed he knew your thoughts. It was a logical trail, after all, that you would assume this stranger wished to do you harm. “Nor will I rape you. You may place a pillow between our bodies.” “Can… Can I just have my gaming pad—“ “No.” Matt…straight up…sucks… you thought grimly, too weak and tired to fight. You placed several pillows between his body and yours, effectively dividing your bed into sides. You curled up onto your side, your back to the man. After getting another look at those damn arms of his, you decided it would not be worth even attempting to fight—at least not yet. Chapter 2 : Uncontrollable Noise Uncontrollable Noise In the morning, you tiredly blinked open your eyes to greet the new day—and instead received an eye-full of Matt doing push-ups rather effortlessly. You felt your bottom lip threatening to pucker forward into a pout. You, however, managed to keep face and instead silently, inwardly fumed. The dark-haired man was ignoring you as though you were not even there. As though this wasn’t your quarters he had invaded. You shifted up into a sitting position, your legs dangling over the side of the bed. Still he did not so much as glance your way. Those muscles in his arms flexing as he completed another push-up. He was acting as though you were insignificant. After he had insulted you and forced his way into your bed, your life. Your condition was difficult enough to handle when you did not have the added stress of…Matt. You narrowed your eyes. Fight me, you punk! At that, you launched yourself onto him, throwing your body over his and wrapping your arm around his neck in an attack to place him in a chokehold. Matt effortlessly rolled over onto his back. The air escaped your lungs in a hissed ooph , and then he was turning over further, onto his hands and knees. Your hold having been broken, you moved up onto your hands and knees as well, staring at him through a narrowed gaze. His eyes met yours. Brown. A pretty sort of brown, you noted; eyes you could drown in—if they had belonged to someone appealing rather than this…this… He did not have an unattractive face. Sharp nose. His ears a little larger than other men, though they fit him in a way. His hair was… You were jealous of his hair. Fight me! This time when you went for him, Matt rolled back and caught you up in his arms. The man flipped you onto his shoulder and stood. You felt a wave of vertigo, forcing you to blink your eyes thrice before you were able to gather your bearings. You twisted, aiming a blow to the back of his head with your elbow—and he flipped you forward, throwing you onto your back upon the bed. You bounced, kicking out your legs. You wondered what sort of training he had undergone, what with the ease it took him to catch your ankles. You were twirled around, your stomach on the mattress. Huffing in frustration, you looked over your shoulder at him. Matt relinquished his hold on your ankles, slipped on the pair of boots he had left by the door to your quarters, and left. You turned back over, sitting on the very edge of your bed and staring at the closed door. Though you hated to admit it…that had actually been fun . Rolling your shoulders, you rose from the bed and entered your refresher. There you showered, readied yourself, and at last exited so that you could dress for the day. As a consultant, there was a lot of downtime when you were not involved in meetings. The technicians who were under your guidance did pose questions to you, which was why you always carried around your commlink and at least one, if not five, of your datapads. You threw the strap of your bag over your shoulder then stuffed inside it three datapads, four holotexts, and your commlink. You began to head for the door, thought better of it, and grabbed some anti-diarrhea pills and antacids to help you get through the day. Luckily, you found that your stomach was doing better than the previous day. You took only a few trips to the refresher, and that was due to needing to urinate. By the end of the day, however, your intestines decided they wanted to be rather vocal. As with other times, this earned you attention that you wished you did not have. People asked you if you were hungry, when you had eaten last, or if you needed to use the bathroom. This had been bad enough, and yet your luck ran out. Kylo Ren. You had heard of him on more than a single occasion, had been apprehensive when it came to actually meeting him. Now that he was in the room to overhear you running through a report, you wished you had met under different circumstances. His menacing form felt like it was towering over you. Rather than staring at the display of the report your team had formed over the course of a month, that visor of his was pointed at your stomach. Your intestines made a wet, gurgling sound. Grumbles. Shut up, damn it! you screamed, lifting the datapad that you were holding a little higher. He started to lift his head, and yet your stomach released more noises and his chin again dipped. You raised the datapad even higher, nearly obscuring your face. “Perhaps you should eat.” “I…I’m not…hungry, s-sir,” you managed to squeak out. As if your face could not feel any hotter; your intestines seemed to only increase in volume. “Have the report forwarded to me.” He turned on his heel and strode away. You lowered the datapad a fraction of an inch so that you could stare after him. What an ass… You well knew why he had left; the man could not stand the sound of your stomach. And it was not as though you could help it! Nostrils flaring, you huffed out a quick breath and turned to your aide. You handed the datapad to her, relaying Ren’s orders though you knew she had heard them. The young woman gave a quick nod then set off to do as she had been instructed. Work lasted only three hours longer, and for this you were grateful. You could not get over your humiliation, the way Kylo Ren had walked away from you like that. You had been working for the First Order, had spoken with General Hux a number of times—and never had you felt so…so… You lowered yourself onto the ground in your quarters after dressing in more comfortable clothing. You made sure to wear your bra. I don’t want to deal with Matt…hopefully he doesn’t come back. How the hell did he even get the passcode? You rolled your eyes, adjusted your position so that you were sitting cross-legged. Doesn’t matter…relax….clear your mind… You inhaled deeply through your nose then exhaled at a slow pace. By the time you were on your tenth breath in your deep breathing exercise, the door to your quarters opened. You closed your eyes and did what you could to ignore the man’s presence. Still, you could hear the door closing. Shoes being taken off. Sock-clad feet pattering over. And—he was sitting across from you. You opened your eyes, pausing in your exercise of relaxation. “Yes?” The man was also cross-legged, and those brown orbs were trained on your face. “Can I help you?” “Are you attempting to keep in shape by doing this?” “It helps with metabolism. I exercise in the gym for keeping in shape—all in line with regulations.” There was a moment of silence between the two of you. The man did not even blink. “Well…it works better when you’re not here staring at me like a creeper.” The corners of his eyes twitched. Matt pressed his hands to the ground and hoisted himself up. The man walked over to your bed, grabbed up your gaming pad and another of your holonovels. You followed his every move up until he was sitting there immersed in your entertainment items. You shook your head and attempted to clear your thoughts once more—a groan escaped you, though it was quiet and you were not certain if Matt even heard you. The man was playing a game on your gaming pad with the sound on. Just listen to the music…let it relax you, you told yourself. It was not exactly easy, what with the game the man was playing. There were more sound effects than there was music. With a grumble, you decided to put your meditation on hold. You climbed up into the bed, grabbed one of your other holonovels, and started to read. Your intestines decided they wanted to fill in the silence. You sucked in your bottom lip at the first shhhkkkishhh . Movement beside you; Matt half-turned so that he was able to look down at your stomach. You turned the page on your book, and the second noise issued from your gut. Your unwanted-roommate slid a hand away from the gaming pad, the man allowing the holonovel to slide off his stomach and onto the bed beside him as he reached over and placed that hand on your stomach. Your eyes whipped over to his face. Matt blinked three times as he rubbed light circles on your stomach, as though attempting to soothe your vocal intestines. You nearly dropped your own holonovel as you smacked at his hand. “Stop, you creep!” He blinked again, his gaze lifting to your face though he refused to remove his hand from your gut. “I don’t need… I don’t even want you in here. Taking my stuff. This is supposed to be where I can relax.” “Relax then,” he said nonchalantly. You glowered at him. Had a shitty day…I don’t want to deal with him. Matt tilted his head to the side. “Or do you wish to fight me again?” “Do you get off on doing weird shit like this? It’s called stalking , and I’m pretty sure… I should report you.” As you said the final portion, you started to rummage around the bedside table for your commlink. This would have been a rather simple task had it not been bogged down with datapads, holonovels, and—was that a dirty bra? “Are you under some delusion that we’re in a relationship?” “No. I am your roommate… ‘Matt’.” You stopped your task of sorting through your bedside table to turn around and meet his eye. More gurgling from your stomach, and thus more rubbing from this stranger. You slapped his hand, which jerked and was around your wrist. You tensed, your breath hitching. “I will not hurt you—that is not my intention.” “Stop rubbing my stomach,” you said, your voice quivering only a little; for this you were proud. Matt at long last withdrew his limb, twisted around so that his back was to you, and began to entertain himself with your items. You lifted your holonovel once more, your eyes traveling over the text. Beside you, Matt was twisting to make himself more comfortable. You scowled when his feet were practically on your pillow. Nearly snarled when the man placed his head on your stomach, his ear flat against you. His breathing was rather level, indicating that he was relaxed…that your intestinal noises were soothing to him. You looked over the rim of your novel at him. He had set aside the holonovel he had taken and was now only playing on the gamingpad. You watched him, your facial features relaxing. Given that this was the man you had wrestled with that morning, he reminded you something of a teenager with the way he was laying on you. Curled up almost. It reminded you of your days of youth. Young love. Curled up on your bed. Of course, that had all been completely consensual, and not some guy barging his way into your life because you had told him you did not give a flying fuck who he was. Still…after the way Kylo Ren had treated you…it was almost nice to know that someone liked the noises your body made. Especially since you had no control over it. “Just don’t rub it again,” you muttered, adjusting the novel again so that you could continue reading. Matt offered a small hum and did not pause in playing on your gaming pad. Chapter 3 : Selfish Treatment Selfish Treatment Matt did not return to your quarters the following evening, and you found yourself sitting in the middle of your bed staring at the door. You tapped a low beat against your leg with your fingers. Waiting. Watching. Your stomach gurgled as anticipation threatened to upset it. When you looked at the clock and found that it was hours into sleep cycle, you decided to give up. It was not as though you had even wanted a roommate, your mind supplied as a means of comforting you. You shook your head at this and rolled your eyes. In some ways, it had started to feel natural. That your stomach noises had not turned him away—or had they? You curled up on your side, huffing out a sigh. Your stomach had decided to begin gurgling again. ‘Talking’ some said. You never got over the stares people would grace you with on the days your intestines were exceptionally vocal. Matt had been the first to rub your stomach as he had. You could not recall ever having a boyfriend who had laid his head upon your gut. In fact, you distinctly remembered at least one of your past romances ending when the guy told you how utterly annoying it all was. You dropped that fucker instantly. Unable to quite sleep still, you drew your gaming pad, which you had previously set beside your pillow, to you. You clicked open one of the games you often played and then paused in your actions. This had apparently caught Matt’s interest as well. There were characters leveled up that you had never played as. In fact, you noticed, the only characters Matt had touched were new ones that you had never given thought of using. You began to scroll through them, curious as to what teams he had used. What sort of strategy did he prefer? The game he played had an application that allowed you to watch replays of previous attacks, and you started up one of them. One by one you found yourself watching these rather than sleeping. He played much differently than you did, as though he was somehow more familiar with the mechanics of the battlefield. You cupped your cheek in your hand when you were on the fourth replay. A part of you was rather tired, and yet your mind would not settle. Where in the past you would have fallen asleep while watching the video, instead you were growing more and more awake. As though you had had several cups of caf in one go. Matt was brilliant in battle; or perhaps only in a fictional setting, in which case he was a great strategist. Even when you had to use the refresher, you grabbed up your gaming pad so that you could continue to watch. If you had had any meetings set up for the following day, you might have worried more about getting some sleep. The work you would be completing, however, could be done from your own quarters. Thus you allowed yourself time to run through each and every one of his attack replays, analyzing them, before shutting off your game pad to sleep. It was hours into the morning by that time. Aware that you would likely miss breakfast, you slept anyhow. Your mind raced even while you slumbered, providing you with dreams of the various attacks you had observed on the videos. What woke you up was a noise quite like glass clattering against something solid—wooden, perhaps. You jumped, groggily turning over to discover a fold-out table had been placed at your bedside. Upon this sat a tray filled with a napkin, plate of food, and a ceramic cup with some steaming liquid. You shifted up into a sitting position, glancing over at the man who was reaching across you for the gaming pad. It was strange, you thought, that it seemed almost normal for this man to randomly appear and take your device. Not that you could use it at the moment anyhow; you needed to eat the food he had brought for you, as well as get to work. First thing was first though; you slipped out of bed and used the refresher to shower, brush your teeth, and pull on some fresh clothes you had pulled out on the way. You did not take long, not wanting the food or drink to get cold. You picked up three datapads to work with. After setting these on the bed, you sat cross-legged and reached for the cup of caf. It had cooled enough for you to drink without having to worry about burning yourself. “Thank you, Matt,” you said after replacing the cup on the tray. The man only grunted in response. You eyed him whilst opening up the applications on two of the datapads you would need in order to do the tasks you were assigned. “I was thinking I had my room all to myself again.” “You believe I have no work to carry out?” he shot, his tone annoyed and accusative. You paused with your hands reaching towards your third datapad. Your eyes were directed on his face. He was staring at you in return, ignoring the gaming pad he had taken. “There are no idle hands here.” “Uhm… That isn’t what I…” You growled in annoyance, seizing your final datapad and turning on the device. “I meant at night. I thought maybe we had similar hours.” “Oh…” He sounded rightly sobered. You hoped he had learned to not assume things, and yet you somehow doubted it. This was, after all, the man who had forced his way into your life. At least he brought food this time, you thought, picking up a bite for yourself and setting about to getting some of your work done. You were aware that there was a part of you that did not mind Matt’s company due to a longing to be social. Your condition rendered you lonely oftentimes, moreso recently because of the stress some of the First Order’s needs brought to you. It was horrible on your stomach, and yet the pay was good and medical care was provided that you would not elsewhere receive. You switched between datapads at random, retrieving information off of one in order to put it on another. The majority of your work was completed on the final datapad you had powered up. The other two, however, still received a generous amount of your attention. The First Order wanted as close to perfection as possible—in truth, they had demanded actual perfection, however you were logical enough to know that this was not possible. There would always be at least one flaw; it was how one worked with that flaw that mattered. That was, after all, how the Empire’s Death Star had been destroyed. Had their flaw been better guarded, that defense may well have prevented the base’s obliteration. In that respect, you were beyond relieved that you were not working on Starkiller’s defense so much as the weaponry aspect. The issue that had arisen was the way firing the weapon could potentially compromise the base’s shields. This flaw had been assumed to be under control, yet the size of the base had proven that this was not so. That was when you had been called in. You did have contact with those in charge of Starkiller’s defense, and you had been briefed on their adjustments five days previous. Now it was for you and your team to see if anything else needed to be tweaked. The last thing you wanted or needed was for the weapon to backfire and implode—especially with you on it. Harnessing the power of the sun—any sun—was not the easiest thing. General Hux was stressing that he wanted results quickly. He demanded progress. Thankfully, he was realistic and did not expect everything to be worked through immediately. He was a brilliant man in that respect, someone you enjoyed working under. As for Kylo Ren, your only meeting with him had obviously not gone over well. You scowled at the thought. Your eyes flicked over to Matt. “Hey… Er… Can I ask you a question?” He grunted, not tearing his gaze away from the gaming pad. “Are my stomach noises… Are they really annoying?” “Hmm?” You elaborated, making strange noises in your throat to imitate the sounds that had caused Kylo Ren to leave you. Matt looked up from your gaming pad. He blinked twice, his jaw in constant motion. As though perhaps he was forming an answer, some sort of lie. You fidgeted with the edge of your datapad. “It’s…calming…” As he spoke, his eyes dropped to your stomach and then returned to your gaming pad. You narrowed your eyes and looked in the direction of the food tray. Had he brought you something to eat in order to listen to the noises your stomach made afterwards? You decided not to ask the question aloud; you would observe his actions closely in order to discover the answer yourself. Thus, you dropped all pretense of conversation and allowed him to play on your gaming device while you returned your full attention to your work. You had divided up your team into three groups to sort out the various issues that had arisen. From there, you were attempting to discern which tasks would be best left to each group. You toyed with various scenarios and groupings before working out the final list. This you forwarded to each of the group leaders, reminding them to report everything to you so that you could later discuss the adjustments with the consultant for the defense systems. It was towards the end of composing the final message that Matt climbed onto the bed with you. You bit the insides of your cheeks to keep from making a face. Your intestines had started their usual grumbling, which meant that Matt had fed you with the intention of using you as a sort of calming device. You did not understand why he didn’t simply request an audio feed of a similar nature. Pulling your limbs closer to yourself and leaning away from your self-selected roommate, you forgot entirely about how you had sort of missed him the previous night. Currently he was getting on your last nerve, making you feel rather used. You reached for your gaming pad. Matt lifted it away, the man scowling at you as though you were the annoying one. “Look, Matt ,” you began, your expression and tone rather sour. “Give me that back—it’s mine .” “You should finish your work before worrying about me.” His eyes pinched at the sides, a smirk forming on his lips. “You look rather tired. You didn’t sleep, did you?” You huffed at his accusation. It was the fact that he was right that so irked you. The way he was scanning your face allowed you to know that you had bags under your eyes. You wiped at them, knowing it would do nothing. You sent off the final message, shut off two of your datapads, and began re-reading through older messages on the third. Matt was sitting beside you, his gaze constantly switching between the gaming pad he would not return and your stomach. He wanted to lay on it, you knew. It caused a strange tingling to develop at the base of your skull. There was a rising urge to slam your datapad against his face repeatedly. Given that he had bested you in the previous wrestling match, however, you decided against sacrificing the datapad in a futile effort. “Do you even do anything useful here?” you asked at long last, your irritation getting the better of you. Matt once more blinked at you when your gaze met his. He tilted his head to the side. “I completed my tasks while you…” He paused, his attention falling to the gaming pad. “…you watched the replays.” “Hmm… Well, what is it you do?” You were not going to let this go. Not with the way he was acting, with the way he was attempting to use you. The man had forced his way into your life, and you were going to make damn sure he regretted it. The nerve of him; believing he could use you as some sort of… Your train of thought ended abruptly, your mind supplying you with the picture of a baby resting its head atop its mother’s belly. “Oh, kriff, no! Get out, Matt!” The man ducked to avoid your flailing hand, with which you had attempted to smack him. “You are rather cranky when you receive an inefficient amount of sleep.” He spoke so matter-of-fact, so blunt, that it made your hand curl into a fist. You wanted to punch him in the face. The way he was holding your gaming pad, however, suggested he would use the device to swat at your hand should you attempt to do so. “You have been fed. You completed your work. Now, sleep.” As though you were a child or some pet. “I am reporting you to General Hux first thing when I wake up, Matt,” you growled out, turning over onto your side with your back to him so that he could not rest his head on your stomach as he clearly wished to do. You heard the dark haired man behind you scoff. “You do not know my name. I look forward to watching you…report me…” He trailed off with an amused snort, climbing onto the bed with you and attempting to worm his way to where his ear was as close to your stomach as possible. You scooted further away from him, and did not reveal that you planned on taking his picture in order to hand it over to General Hux for identification purposes. Chapter 4 : Boundaries Boundaries You awoke alone, and rolled out of bed to drag yourself in the direction of the refresher. Your gut released only a few noises, these all vocalizing the hunger you felt. After readying yourself for the day, you grabbed up a bag as you did most work days, shoved in the various datapads you would need, and headed out the door for the cafeteria. There you grabbed a meal you could eat on the go. The thermos would help keep your caf warm on this maker-forsaken planet of a weapon. You downed your meal then sipped on the caf. Despite the thermos, it still cooled rather quickly. This had much to do with the fact that you were venturing outdoors in order to move to the building in which General Hux was said to be working for the day. You had every intention of reporting Matt—and discovering his true identity for that matter. It was true that originally you had told him that who he was hadn’t mattered; yet now that he had made it a point to force his way into your life, that bit of information was rather vital. Especially if he ever made a threat on your well-being. You could not recall having ever dealt with a stalker like this. Sure, a few crushes had followed along after you while you were in childhood. They had never lasted long; children are cruel and look for every reason to poke fun at one another. Your noisy intestines had never before been viewed as endearing. Which caused your mind to wander back to the way Matt patted it and seemed to fawn over it. Had he not been such a creeper, perhaps something would have come of the arrangement. Not necessarily romance, however a friendship may have developed. As it was, you were tired of him interrupting what would otherwise be a calming night for you. You reached into your bag, finger drawing a line along the top of the datapad that contained the photo. It was your personal device; you were not permitted to put such photos on the ones used for business, else you would have created an assortment of back-ups. You doubted you would need any, though. Once you arrived at General Hux’s side, things would start returning to normal for you. Your quarters would once more be just that— yours . It was a shame, you thought; Matt would have been a decent companion in other settings. Selfish, perhaps. But still decent. The heels of your shoes hit against the pavement of the steps. Stone, shaped around the natural formations of the planet. The First Order had constructed the features of the super weapon in a rather intelligent fashion. Less digging into the surface for the purpose of creating stairs meant that there was less structural damage. Corporations you had worked for in the past had made unfortunate mistakes that had led to the collapse of projects. Your eyes darted along the numerous features of the current project that made your heart swell with pride to be involved. You mounted the final step, walked up to the door, and paused as it opened. The warmth of the interior of the building hardly counteracted the cool air you had just endured. That was another intelligent thing the First Order had going for them; the temperatures gradually warmed in layers of the building. This prevented sudden fluctuations in body temperature, which could cause heart attacks as well as other medical traumas. You were in the third layer of temperature rises when your walking ceased. Kylo Ren stood with his arms at his sides. His body was angled so as to prevent you from going further. “Sir?” You had nearly stuttered, yet managed to keep yourself from doing so. Kylo Ren said nothing to you. You felt your stomach begin to churn, acid lapping at its sides. You were only thankful that you had eaten, else you would have been worse off. The man’s hand forced its way into your bag. Your own limb jerked away, the datapad you had been touching being snatched. “Ah, that’s—“ “Quiet.” You silenced yourself, more-so because he had said this single word rather calmly. Dismissive even. You watched him as he began to scroll through the contents of your personal device. All the while your heart was hammering in your chest. When he brought up the picture of ‘Matt’, however, you could remain silent no longer. “I was going to report—“ “I am aware of your intentions,” Kylo Ren said smoothly, once more cutting you off. His fingers worked on the datapad, erasing the only photo evidence of the man whose true name you did not know. You swayed where you stood. “Permission has already been given; he has authority to enter the quarters you now share.” Bile rose in your throat. Stress was never kind to you; your intestines and stomach both suffered. All the while you were growing to despise this strange man all the more. Kylo Ren—every contact you had had with him, the handful of them, you had been left feeling so small. Your frustrations only grew when he replaced your datapad and walked away without another word to you. You stood there, staring dumbly at his retreating form until he was completely out of sight. A large part of you wanted to scream, while another told you to crumple to the floor and cry out all your frustrations. You settled for leaning against the wall with your butt while allowing yourself to bend a little. The palms of your hands were also against the wall for support, your fingertips pressed firmly against the surface. The world seemed to spin ‘round in circles. You inhaled through your nose and exhaled through slightly parted lips. There was no time for a complete breakdown—you did have work to accomplish—however there was ample time for you to take a breather. You needed to gather your bearings before you left the building to meet with your team. They could not see you so shaken; your dealings with your intestinal issues were on thing, while being rattled by an individual, namely one of the triumvirate, was another. The roiling in your stomach soon died down, and from there you pushed off the wall in order to exit the building. You felt rather foolish for even having entered the building in the first place. A wasted trip. Wasted time. A wad of saliva slid down your throat when you swallowed, and you blinked back your tears. By the time you returned to the building in which you would be working, you had calmed yourself enough so that the tears were no longer forming. That did not stop your eyes from stinging a little due to the residual saltiness of the tears that had managed the find their way down your cheeks. Those you had brushed away before the frost could freeze them to your face. Your team greeted you with the respect your position over them demanded. You forced a smile, getting straight to business. It was not only your fingers that were flying over numerous datapads; those under you each had a minimum of three datapads to work on. Truth be told, you were thankful there was so much work for the day. It helped you to forget all about that morning, about your foiled plans to turn in ‘Matt’ and discover his true identity. The majority of what was accomplished was you looking over the progress of various mini projects. There were some alterations that would need to be made, and you jotted down notes of these to send General Hux’s way. As you were wrapping things up for the day, one of the supervisors who held the same rank as you—she had agreed to work under you for this project due, which had been a pleasant surprise—asked if you would want to come over to her quarters. You had startled at the invite, your eyes widening and your jaw starting to drop. You caught yourself, sealed your lips, and nodded. “Great. Swing by around seven-ish. We’ll watch a vid and eat a few snacks—does popcorn bother your stomach?” “Uhm…no…” You were attempting to process this. While the pair of you had worked together on a number of projects, neither of you had ever attempted to initiate a friendship outside of the work environment. “Popcorn is fine.” “Bring your own pop,” she said, flashing you two fingers in a peace sign and moseying on out of the room. You lingered there, feeling more shell-shocked than elated for several seconds. A grin soon broke out across your face, and your next step started in a skip. You cleared your throat and proceeded to walk normally from thereon. You had to remain completely professional, you reminded yourself, or else there would be notations on your file that could potentially lead to you being dismissed by the First Order. That was one disadvantage to working in a military facility; they were less lenient than other employers. As with breakfast, from the cafeteria you grabbed a dinner you could eat while walking. Your quarters were empty when you arrived. You hummed to yourself, dropping your bag in a corner and shifting close to your closet. You crossed your arms over your chest while examining the contents. What casual outfit should you wear? A large part of you wanted to throw on sweat pants. The walk to the other woman’s quarters, however, had you questioning that move. After all, you had to remain professional, right? “Nah,” you said, grabbing out the comfortable sweats. You were in the process of dropping your pants when the door to your quarters opened. You squeaked, scrambled into the new clothes. Matt shot you a look as he entered. You scowled. He would have to show up before you could leave. “What are you doing?” This he asked the moment you placed your personal datapad into a bag you planned on taking with you. “Going to a friend’s.” “No.” “Wh…” You spun around, shaking your head. “Look… You don’t have a say.” “Here.” The man was completely ignoring what you were saying. This wasn’t anything new. You scowled, wrinkling your nose as Matt shoved something into your arms. A stuffed bantha, you noted. Your arms squeezed the object. It was, from what you could tell, made of the same material that stress balls were created from. “You seem stressed.” Even as he was saying these words, Matt was going for your gaming pad. “It’s within regulations.” Am I supposed to thank him? You were too baffled to do anything at that point. It was not as though you wanted to reject the invitation; you wanted more to come. “It’s not an all-night thing.” You squeezed the bantha, wondering why you were explaining yourself to your unwanted roommate. “I’m going.” “Why?” “Because I want to be near other people—“ “I am another person.” You turned around to face him. The man was scowling, his bottom lip puckered forward as though threatening to form a pout. Your intestines seemed to swoop inside of you. This was followed by a fluttering sensation. Matt drew his knees upwards, rested your gaming pad on them, and transferred his attention onto the game he had opened. You scratched your lower back as you stood there, allowing your had to loll back so as to stare up at the ceiling. What were you supposed to do? It felt unfair that you were pressured to experience guilt. This man had forced his way into your life—what the hell was there to feel guilty over? The bantha that was tucked under your left arm released no noise, not offering up any explanation other than its very presence. “…it’s…girl time, I guess,” you said sullenly. Matt’s fingers paused in their movements, hovering over the controls. “A quick movie…and then I’ll be back. There was no response from him. His legs slunk all the more closely to his body, and he buried himself in the fictional world of the game. You sighed, forced away the guilt, and lifted up the bag you had previously prepared. You set the stuffed bantha on your dresser and patted its head before heading out the door. There was no way you were going to be forced to give up something that, quite frankly, did not happen often for you. As you had informed Matt, you remained with your coworker for the duration of a single movie before leaving. The two of you spoke a little, although you each had a habit of bringing up work. The bowls of popcorn were quickly emptied, and you had agreed to host the next meet-up in your quarters. Through your entire walk back to your room, you had wondered just how that would happen. Especially given the fact that your current roommate likely would not leave. He was still on your bed when you opened the door. “Since you seem so set on remaining here, I need your contact information.” He snorted, and you knew why this was—it would be too easy to obtain his true name if he gave you this. “Fine. In four days, I’ll be having a friend over for a bit… Girl time again.” “You want me to be gone?” “Yeah. I do, Matt.” His lip once more protruded forward, as though the man was insulted. You grabbed the bantha he had given you off the dresser, climbed into bed with him, and laid your head upon the pillow. “Not the entire night.” Since Kylo Ren was refusing to allow you to report Matt, to kick him out of your quarters, you had decided to make the best of it. This could work…for now. Regardless, you knew that boundaries needed to be set up. It was the only way your nerves weren’t going to be shot—you’d rather not end up in the bathroom nonstop due to stress. Speaking of stress— “Thanks…for the bantha.” You lifted the stuffed animal enough to display it. Matt’s eyes flicked to the object and then returned to the game. His way of responding was to alter his position in bed; you frowned the moment his ear rested against your stomach. Boundaries, your mind repeated. But you would work on this aspect later. Notes: So IBS runs in my family (and either I have it or it's my endometriosis mimicking it) so this is an idea that has run through my head multiple times but I ALWAYS talked myself out of it. Artisanthemage told me to go for it when I was really thinking of doing it...so here it is. Putting "real life" into ficverse. (As I'm sure I'm not the only one who would be able to relate to this)