Notes: Finally getting around to penning a much-requested continuation of "Prison Food". In this fic series' continuity, the events on Starkiller happened after Rey escaped just like in canon and the events of this fic take place in the open sandbox (for now) of Episode VIII. Enjoy! Rey spent most of her life starving. Whether it was because she could not find any scrap worthwhile or Unkar Plutt felt like making her miserable, portions were often scarce. She had become used to being too weak to realize her own debilitating thirst, what little rangy muscle she built up during her climbs on felled starships wasting away, and the relentless fatigue driving her to want to curl up on a sand dune somewhere to die. She never did, of course; she had to survive so her family would find her. They would take care of her. They would hold her and love her and make sure she never had to be hungry again. They had to. It is insulting, revolting, even, that Kylo Ren constitutes one of the handful of people that ended up caring for Rey instead. Certainly, Rey puts Finn and Han and Chewie and Leia and a lot of other people besides ahead of Kylo Ren on that list, but the fact remains that he is on it at all. His was a sick, twisted sort of care, involving imprisoning her, forcing more food than she ever got in weeks on Jakku down her throat, and pressing his lips to the bruises that he himself had wrought on her. And now, it seems, she is about to experience his special brand of care once more as the monster isolates her from her friends with the intention to abduct her. Rey knows that she should not have broken off from the main assault against the First Order when they attacked the Resistance on D’Qar. She knows that she should not have caught sight of the blood red flash of Kylo Ren’s crackling lightsaber in the heat of battle and run toward it rather than away. The sounds of battle disappear into the distance and then all but cease completely with only the faint echo of explosions to signify its existence. As she follows him, she tries in vain to keep quiet, unused to having to sneak around on the jungle floor rather than yielding sand. She cannot seem to go more than a few steps without breaking a twig or crushing a mass of leaves, but he never turns around. Worsening her awareness of how much noise she makes is her stomach, which cannot seem to go more than a few minutes without churning and gurgling to remind her it has not gotten the allotted meals she has become used to. Rey digs her fist into her middle. The idea of eating before battle made her nauseous, so she had skipped out on her meals for the past couple of days after they received intelligence about the attack. Finn, Poe, and other Resistance fighters had noticed, of course, and they tried to offer her food. Rey could not bring herself to tell them how sick it made her feel to have someone hold out offerings of nourishment to her. Their hands were suddenly covered in black. Ribbed sleeves stretched out over the bottoms of their palms. They were not content to wait for her to accept the food but rather prize her jaws open and force it all down, making her taste acrid leather in addition to the food. She felt bile sting in the back of her throat. She started to make a habit of only ever eating by herself in her room, but with the impending battle she could not even manage to do that much. Rey reasoned at the time that the hunger would keep her sharp, as it had on Jakku. On the contrary, she feels sluggish and a dizzy, as though she wades through a bog after a nightmare personified. And then Kylo Ren turns around. Rey draws her lightsaber, but he does not yet respond in kind. Instead, he looks her up and down much in the same way he did during their first meeting. “Scavenger.” His distorted voice may not allow for much of his tone to seep through, but Rey can feel his pleasure at seeing her in a soft gush of the Force. She fights the urge to rub away the gooseflesh that breaks out on her upper arms. Being able to sense others’ feelings in her mind as if they were her own, the ability to read him even with his ghastly mask on; it still disturbs her even after all of Master Skywalker’s training. He tilts his helm. “Nothing to say?” Rey scowls at him and turns on her lightsaber, readying a fighting stance. “I’m not interested in talking to a monster.” Kylo Ren’s fingers curl into half-formed fists. Rey does not need the Force to realize he is irritated with her continual denial to recognize him as human. That is a feeling he will have to get used to. He draws his lightsaber. They fight, then, and for a moment Rey can put aside her memories of what had happened between them before. Not Takodana with his initial kidnapping of her, not Starkiller where he kept her prisoner and force-fed her, nothing. There is only the next step, the next swing of her saber, the next attempt to cut him down so he can never hurt her or anyone else ever again. And then Kylo nails her in the stomach with a well-placed shove of his elbow midway through one of his lightsaber spins and Rey is reminded of how much it hurts. She coughs up a mouthful of bile as she staggers back. Kylo does not take advantage of the huge vulnerability. Instead he looks on with what Rey can only guess is curiosity and—and—? The Force makes the presence of feelings of compassion he exudes clear as transparisteel. It sickens her. Why? Why did he have compassion for her, of all people? Why not Finn or—her eyes prickle for a moment—Han? Rey has a headache. She cannot decide if it is the hunger or the Force at work, but her head pounds as if it has switched places with her heart. The incessant whir of her lightsaber and the inconsistent, garbled crackle of his does not help matters. The light causes spots behind her eyes. She cannot concentrate. She slips and nearly impales herself with one of Kylo Ren’s quillons. He steps back, saving her from driving herself into the beam. “Oh, stop it!” She snaps as she attempts to gather herself. “Fight me like you want to kill me or you’ll never win.” That was how she had always fought on Jakku. How she had fought him on Starkiller, for that matter, up until the last moment when something stopped her. Perhaps it was how pitiful he looked. Perhaps it is how pitiful she looks right now that stays his own bloodlust. “I do not want to kill you. I never have.” Rey is interrupted before she can make a retort by her stomach growling again. She cannot help but hunch over and grab at her stomach. After so many years of starvation, she thought that she would be able to cope with hunger better, but it only took a short while of semi-regular meals before her body could no longer handle the severity without them. Rey looks back up at Kylo Ren to see him approaching her at a fast rate and she hopes he has not chosen now to take her advice. Startled, she makes a wild stab in his direction. He parries it with insulting ease, then twists his wrist. The lightsaber flips out of her hand to land on the ground a ways away. Rey readies herself to call it with the Force. Kylo grabs the hand that she extends to do so. She wants to turn and attempt to dive away from him to free herself, but she finds that her body has been immobilized. No, no, not again. Rey fights the urge to panic. Master Skywalker taught her how to get around this trick. She just has to—it is only a matter of— Kylo Ren is close. Too close. She sees her parted lips, her sweat-slicked face, her wide eyes in the chromium outline of his visor. Thinking properly with him in her face is impossible. Rey can smell him. Sweaty and ashy. She remembers being made to wear his putrid capelet as the only barrier between him and her naked body. The softness of it belied its rough, harsh appearance. Kylo turns over her wrist so that the veiny underside faces him. His hands are enormous to the point of him being able to close one of them around her entire arm. Is she too emaciated or is he too inhumanly enormous? It is probably a combination of both. He deactivates his lightsaber, clips it to his belt, and uses his freed hand to trace the bones that stand out in her hand and arm. “The Resistance has not been feeding you.” They had tried, she wants to protest. They had tried their best. There is something wrong with her, not them. And they had at no point forced her to eat drugged food. Or forced kisses and wandering touches onto her. Or choked her. “I would never have you fight in this condition,” he says, reaching out further to run his fingers up her side. Kylo stops when her stomach gives another sound of protest. He fans his fingers out across her middle. In an expression of the miniscule range of movement she is allowed, the muscles in her abdomen clench beneath his touch. His reach is so big, Rey has no doubt he could crush all of her innards to a pulpy mess of blood and gastric acid in his fist. He does not, of course, instead going for the far gentler and thereby far more repulsive gesture of rubbing her sunken belly affectionately. He reaches up with both hands to cup the sides of her face. Her vision is filled with his mask as he leans in toward her until there is nothing else to see. “I will take far better care of you than them.” He says it like a promise. Just before he knocks her out with an overwhelming concentration of the Force, Rey wonders how much sicker he will end up making her. Chapter 2 Rey awakens to the smell of cooked root vegetables, meat, herbs, and the feel of fingers pressed to the indents between her ribs through her shirt. Her first instinct is to sink her fingernails into Kylo’s wrists and wrench him off—because she knows it must be him without thinking, she can feel his presence—but her hands are bound behind her back and subsequently crushed beneath her because she is lying down. Based on the numbness and closeness of her ankles, they are bound as well. The next instinct is to pretend she is still asleep, but given that his hands are right over her lungs he probably felt the change in her breathing pattern the moment she regained consciousness. Rey settles for opening her eyes so she can at the very least see her attacker. She immediately wishes she had not. With it comes the realization that Kylo Ren has his knees on either side of her hips, his body all but on top of her, surrounding her. He is not wearing his mask. Rey finds her eyes drawn to the scar, despite knowing that she will not like what she sees, just as if it were a gory accident on the side of the road. She cannot disguise her wince at the grisly sight. She feels sick knowing that she had disfigured someone that way. Even someone as horrid as him. “Good morning,” he says as if he does not see exactly where her gaze rests on his face. Kylo bares his teeth in what Rey thinks might be a smile. It could also be a snarl. He must be out of practice with looking happy. If he can even feel real happiness beyond schadenfreude. Regardless, Rey wants to punch every one of his teeth out. The rest of his face looks worse for wear, too. What little color his skin had is gone, made especially evident by the gray smudged beneath his eyes. His hair is less of an elaborate mess and instead simply a mess, hanging in lank chunks over his forehead. His cheekbones stick out more than she remembered. He looks sick. He would look dead were it not for the perverse spark in his deep brown eyes. For the first time, Rey wonders about how unwell he must have been while recovering from his injuries. Whether he had suffered the way she had—or worse—during his mending from the mental trauma in addition to the physical. Then she remembers he is Kylo Ren and he does not deserve her pity. Rey looks cursorily around the rest of the room. What little of it she can see with a huge, beastly man blocking out most of her vision, anyway. It is not a prison cell, but it may as well be. No other furniture that she can see save for a side table out of the corner of her eye. No windows. One door, made of wood, of all things. She gets the sense from the sparsity of the room juxtaposed with the fine materials and archaic door that she is in an ancient building somewhere. Probably on a planet and not a ship, then. She prays that the planet is nothing like Starkiller Base. Rey has her attention drawn back to Kylo when one of his hands leaves her ribs to reach out of Rey’s line of sight, somewhere off to one side behind her head where the side table is. She realizes that he has discarded his gloves, showing off pale, long fingers extending from his ribbed sleeves, looking less like dark spider’s legs and more like sun bleached bones. His hand returns with the source of what she had smelled the moment she woke up: a bowl of stew. It is sanguine red and thick. Kylo looks down at her through the flow of steam that curls from it. The stew’s aroma had mostly masked the stink that she has come to associate with his body. Her stomach rumbles. The look on Kylo’s face tells her that she is going to eat every last bite of it. The knot that forms in her stomach despite its hunger at the very idea tells her otherwise. He takes his other hand off of her ribcage and reaches for her mouth with the clear intention of forcing it open. Rey’s jaw clenches, but she opens her mouth up wide before he can lay a finger on her. Kylo tilts his head, his fingers hovering over her open mouth. His thumb slides across her lower lip, then pushes it down. It is as if he is trying to get a rise. She refuses to satisfy him, pushing down the instinctive urge to bite. He almost seems disappointed that she is not interested in retaliating against him. At least, not yet. “I’m not in the mood to fight. I’m hungry,” Rey explains, then shuts her eyes, leaving her mouth open as if she is a fledgling. Rey knows she will get her chance to strike out at him, just like before, but she cannot do it at the detriment of her own escape. She is still bound. For now, she can lay back and suffer through his affections. May as well make it easier on herself by not resisting if he only meant to feed her rather than read her mind. The mere thought of suffering through him forcing open her mouth and holding her down while she struggled sent her to dark places, besides. Rey would bide her time, and then she would make him pay. She comforts herself with thoughts of how sick she had made him when she held him at knifepoint, overfed him, and drugged him before escaping her cell on Starkiller. That much helps her feel a little better about him feeding her now. The only problem is… he is not giving her the food. Rey opens her eyes and shuts her mouth to see him continuing to look down at her. His great size and power over her does not seem all that intimidating when he looks so mystified. “I see you have no suspicions about me drugging this,” he says, indicating the bowl with a dip of his head. Truth be told, the thought has not even occurred to Rey. She fought him tooth and nail about feeding her drugged food on Starkiller, but that had been especially prominent in her mind because drugged gruel was all that the stormtroopers served her for an extended period. Would he be so cruel as to claim to care so deeply about her well-being only to drug her? That did sound like something a monster would do. Nevertheless, Rey’s only answer is to adopt her expectant, open-mouthed look again. She can pretend to trust him for now. And if she detects any drugs, well, she will not swallow. Kylo hesitates for only a moment longer before he puts one hand behind her head, fingers spread between two of the three knots of hair tied there. Rey shudders at the idea of his hand being so close to her mind, but none of the stabbing pain that accompanies a mind probe arises. He tilts her head up a fraction and then the lip of the bowl is pressed to Rey’s open mouth. She feels like a half-aware hospital patient being fed by an orderly. The humiliation of the position is tempered somewhat when she gets a mouthful of stew. It does not scald her tongue, but it is hot enough to be painful. That aside, it is palatable in spite of the distinct gaminess. There are no immediately obvious tastes to indicate drugs, either, though they could just be well-disguised. In any event, she will go so far as to think that the stew is… good. Rey knows from experience that hunger makes everything taste good. Even long since expired vegmeat and portions that had been maliciously torn open and resealed once they were mixed with sand looked appetizing after a while. Rey’s eyelids crumple a bit further as she forces herself to swallow the first bit of food she has had in days. There is no time for her to even consider the discomfort of the slosh of warm liquid in her gurgling stomach; another swallow follows rapidly afterward. Soon enough, her stomach is fuller than it has been in a while. A dull ache starts to overwhelm the pleasant stretch of being full. She gulps down as many more mouthfuls as she can, then opens her eyes the tiniest bit to see how much of a difference she has made. From what she can tell, it is not much. It becomes very apparent after a few more draughts that her stomach is close to bursting and there is still more than half of the stew left. Mistake. Going along with his whims was a mistake. With her hands behind her back, Rey has very little way to signal to Kylo that she needs him to stop. She doubted he would even if she did. So she jerks her head to one side and allows hot stew to splatter on her chin and neck for a moment. She has suffered far worse heat than this. Kylo curses and lifts the bowl away, setting it down on the side table. He turns back to her with definite anger burning in his eyes, threatening and overwhelming. “I’m full,” Rey says plainly in response to his glare. “You’ve said that before,” Kylo spits, baring his teeth in what is most certainly a snarl, “and I managed to get you to eat more, then, too.” Yes, and he had been lucky not to make her guts rupture and kill her right then and there. Kylo mops away some of the stew on her face with the side of his hand and licks it off. Then he seems to get a better idea, judging by the quirk to his lips. He leans down to lick up the mess right from the source. He is deliberately sloppy, hitting upon areas where he has already cleaned the spillage from over and over—particularly her lips. Rey squirms, attempting to turn away from his tongue, which is just as slimy and broad and velvety as she remembers. One of his hands reaches up to pin her head in place until he finishes. She protests and writhes a bit, but there is little she can do. He kisses her neck in between licks. It feels good. She hates it so much. Even after Kylo has cleaned her up, he seems to have forgotten his endeavor to feed her with his absorption in touching her. Rey jerks her head up as his thumbnail runs along where he had bruised her neck when he had her imprisoned. He murmurs that she has healed nicely. Rey’s guts churn. The marks had stayed for a couple of weeks. She took to wearing high-collared shirts to avoid questioning from Resistance fighters, or, far worse, pitying glances and slight shakes of the head. Her eyes land on the region of his neck where she thinks she may have skimmed the skin with the lightsaber before it caught on his face. If only she had cut a little deeper. Kylo leans down to press his plump lips to the side of her neck in another kiss. Rey knows she should twist her head, bite through the cloth and sinew and rip a hole in him so he will choke on his own blood. Instead, she attempts to ignore the rise of heat in her when he takes the skin of her neck between his teeth and sucks on it. After a time, Kylo lets go with a wet noise and a smack of his lips. He smears the remaining saliva away with the pad of his thumb. Rey shudders. It feels cold. She almost prefers the hot stew. “Perfect,” he murmurs. Rey disagrees. She feels anything but. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo stays on top of Rey a bit longer after he tires of licking her, laying some of his crushing weight more thoroughly on top of her. The situation is evocative to Rey of a predator lounging after falling asleep with mangled prey in its paws and its snout resting halfway in cooling entrails. She cannot be so fortunate as to have him fall asleep, though. No, he remains very aware, made apparent by his occasional pet at the side of her face, her hair, and the now warm and swollen curve of her belly. He lingers on the last, as she has come to expect. Single-minded obsession, Rey has come to realize, is a keystone in Kylo Ren’s personality. Whether it is his grandfather, BB-8, or her, he seems to have an endless drive once he fixates on something. And that something just so happens to be feeding her. Rey might be able to appreciate the sentiment more if he did not insist on gorging her until her belly got so painfully full or if he resisted the urge to fawn over the resulting bulge as if she has swollen to the early stages of pregnancy. With that, an outlandish, terrifying idea occurs to Rey: perhaps that is it. Perhaps he fantasizes about how her belly will feel rounded with his children. Rey's gorge rises. She will never carry little monsters to term for him. No, no, she will not even let him get close enough to touch, let alone— Rey swallows the bile tinged with the stew in her throat as if choking down especially nasty medicine. She struggles and remembers her bound wrists and ankles. She is at his mercy if he chooses to defile her. Kylo has become oddly still. Rey glances up at him and realizes he wears a look on his face as if she has struck him, a look of shock and hurt. “I wouldn’t,” Kylo whispers, drawing his entire body back. She realizes what he has done and her disgust at him flares. “Keep out of my head,” Rey says, attempting to squirm away a bit with his weight off of her. With her chained wrists and ankles, she does not get very far. He pins her with one of his massive paws on the center of her chest and holds her in place. “Do you truly believe that I would violate you like that?” Kylo leans down until their faces are parallel. As far as Rey is concerned, Kylo has already violated her in more ways than one. Whether it was with ethereal fingers raking through her brain or a very physically present set of leather clad fingers jammed between her teeth, he had touched her in more ways than she would have thought anyone ever would. Her mind and her stomach are both wrecks, she has developed worse eating habits than she ever had on Jakku, and she is a paranoid mess, all thanks to him. Is it such a leap in logic to assume he would not have any trouble shoving himself inside of her and adding her womb to the list of things he has ruined? Rey does not know where he draws the line when it comes to hurting her. Kylo presses down on her chest, angry desperation screwing up his features. The scar crumples in on itself at the center of his cheek as he snarls. He looks like he is about to have a fit, with Rey as the object of his anger. Rey, for her part, gags. The liquid still very much present in her esophagus gets forced upward by his pressing. She only just manages to keep from spitting up the meal he had just fed her on his hand. The huge brute seems to understand he is hurting her, for once, and he takes his hand off of her even as his other hand twists in the bedsheets next to her head. She takes the next moment to project her thoughts at full volume. He kidnapped her twice, now, shoved food down her throat with the caveat that it was for her own good, touched her, kissed her, licked her, not even bothering to have an attempt at an explanation for why he did as much—was it so unreasonable for her to assume he would at some point make it escalate even farther? “I won’t take you.” The hard edge of his anger is not even close to being gone. Nevertheless, he becomes more subdued than she might have expected considering she all but accused him of entertaining thoughts of raping her. For a blissful second, Rey is relieved. Then Kylo continues: “No, you’ll give yourself to the dark side, to the First Order, and to me.” Finally, his anger dissipates, but it is in favor of something far scarier. The soft, dreamy pleasure makes Rey feel sick all over again when put in correspondence with him speaking of her absolute surrender. He smiles his father’s crooked smile and his eyes narrow with his mother’s sureness. Rey shuts her eyes. Her stomach roils. How had two good people given life to someone so bestial? “You will stop resisting. Trust me.” A stray lock of his hair tickles her neck and his mouth is all but on hers. “It’s only a matter of time. You cannot hide your true feelings from me, Rey.” Rey’s breath catches. He has never said her name before. It sounds at once profane and reverent coming from his mouth. How long has he known it? She never told him. Then the answer comes to her and she feels stupid—he ripped it from her mind just like everything else. She, on the other hand, had learned his noms de guerre from his mother. “Kylo Ren” suits the hulking monster that seeks her ruination, she thinks, much more than the real name she had heard his father call out to him on that fateful day. She wonders why, then, what she ends up saying when she opens her eyes and looks straight into his is: “I’ll never give myself over to evil like you did, Ben, no matter how much you restrain or torture me.” Kylo draws back, shock writ large over his features. His face crumples back into anger in short order, but he does not react by attacking her as she half-hopes to justify her accusation. Rather, he rips himself away from her, stumbles off of the bed, and stomps over to the archaic door. He rips it open, slamming it into the wall, then pauses. He looks over his shoulder at Rey with wrath smoldering in his eyes and his teeth bared in a way that reminds her of a predator again, though few predators run from their subdued prey. She wonders dimly what part of the family he got that look from. With a flick of his one of his hand, the locks on Rey’s restraints click open. Kylo storms out of the door and shuts it. The heavy clunk of locks on the other side shifting into place mix with his booted stomps as he leaves. Rey sits up, staring at the door, half-expecting him to come back. The sound of his retreat—for that is what it is, no matter how much he tries to disguise it with his irate display—fades. She scared him off by hitting on a sore spot, just as she had tapped into his insecurity regarding Darth Vader on Starkiller. Rey allows herself a moment to savor her victory as she pries the bindings from her wrists and ankles, rubbing feeling back into them. She surmises after little examination that the cuffs have little use as short range weapons as they are not very heavy and Kylo is sure to deflect them if she uses them as projectiles. Still, she is freer than she was before. Rey tries not to think too hard about the logistics of why he took them off. If he thinks the little gesture will change her judge of his character, he could not be more wrong. Her stomach settles a bit with Kylo gone, making her feel more like she swallowed a rock than anything else. That is, unless she moves too much, in which case the stew reminds her with a great deal of sloshing of its liquid state. Rey looks over at the remainder of stew on the side table, wondering whether or not it would save. The scavenger in her is concerned about wasting food. She scoffs, trying to tell herself it does not matter, Kylo Ren probably has a multitude of food and servants to cook it in… wherever this is. She plans to let it sit and rot just as she had the gruel the First Order had provided her with during her first capture. Instead, she goes about trying to formulate a plan to get something to defend herself with. The wooden side table is bolted to the floor. With that factor, there is no way she can make a weapon of it by shattering it to splintered pieces by throwing it against a wall. She does not trust that she would be able to kick it apart in her unenforced boots without injuring her feet, either. Managing to beat Kylo in a fight and escaping the room will mean nothing if she cannot walk. Discouraged but not defeated, Rey paces around the room, trying to find anything in the barrenness that she can use. A bucket sits in one corner. She had not noticed it at first because it had been concealed by the bed. Her lip curls as she surmises its intended use. She has had worse places to relieve herself, she supposes, but the commodities refreshers offered in the Resistance had been nice to get used to. The single modern fixture, a rectangular flush mount light in the ceiling, is out of her reach, so she tosses the bucket and her unlocked restraints at it. There is a harsh noise with the impact on the transparisteel, but the light shows no sign of breakage anytime soon even after a half a dozen tosses. As a last ditch effort, even though she knows it will be useless, Rey tries the door. Predictably, it does not budge. Throwing her slight weight against it only makes her feel nauseous. Soon enough, she runs out of ideas and there is nothing for her to think about but the pain in her stomach. Sullen, Rey sits back down on the side of the bed and lays a hand on top of her middle. It aches. The gnawing, rumbling hunger is gone, but in its place is a dull, stretched throbbing and occasional gurgles. She so rarely had an issue with being overfull that she has no idea what to do about it. Rey recalls one instance she can distinctly remember being stuffed to this point outside of Kylo Ren’s capture. She had saved up a store of portions after being the first to discover a starship partway wedged beneath the Crackle. Digging her way beneath the hot, blackened glass with rudimentary tools was exhausting, but the resulting slew of untouched pieces to sell to Unkar Plutt made it seem worth it. That is, until she started getting attacked by other scavengers who had witnessed or spread rumors about the vast amount of portions she attained from her haul. Her solution ended up being to eat it all at once and make a show of scattering the empty packaging around the collapsed AT-AT she lived in. The portion bread, already unappetizing on a good day, started to taste like soggy lumps of cloth. All of her instincts told her to stop, but she ate every bit. She stopped being attacked after she scattered the trash nearby, but her stomach was a rock hard swell with the result of a single day’s feast that should have lasted her weeks. It was a complete waste and she felt miserable. The only way she had been able to stop the pain was to sleep it off. Rey is terrified by the idea of an angry Kylo returning to find her vulnerable, but she sees few other options at the moment. She has no tools, no weapons, and no way of communicating with anyone. The only thing she has at her disposal is— Rey smacks her forehead with the heel of one hand. The Force! Obviously, she can use the Force to get help. She heard countless stories about Jedi using the Force to communicate long distances. Master Skywalker himself had been saved in Cloud City after calling out to Leia. Yes, that had been a much shorter distance than how far away she probably is from her friends, but it is a shred of hope she can cling to. She is not so caught up in the idea that she acts on it right away. Kylo will sense it. Even though she had never been explicitly told as much, she can feel deep in her sickened gut that he will know and stop her. For now, she will have to play prisoner and put up with him until she can at the very least escape the room before she calls for help. With this in mind, Rey lays down on her side, uncomfortable with the way her stomach bears down on her or is squashed in alternative positions. It could be worse, she supposes, thinking back to her fears about him molesting her. It could always be worse. Notes: The Crackle is a legit thing on Jakku and it's the coolest. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Out of some sort of morbid habit, Rey starts making tallies with her fingernails in a space behind the bed where Kylo cannot see them if she pushes it just so. As the days turn into weeks and the weeks turn into months, Rey starts to wonder if she will ever have her opportunity to escape him. Her only comfort can be found in the Force, something she is wary of tapping into for too long at a time. Unlike before, there are no stormtroopers that attend her. There is only Kylo. That would be fine, as she fooled Kylo himself during her escape on Starkiller, but he has grown more wary of her and is not so easily tricked by her. Attempts to appeal to his perversions are met with interest, yes, but there is always an underlying doubt. He is right to be suspicious. Rey remains flinty inside even as her outsides begin to soften in the wake of her warden’s overfeeding and her inability to get much exercise in the confined space. Having more than lean muscle on her body is an alien concept to Rey. She knows she must have had some baby fat clinging to her as a very small child, but Jakku whittled her down to a skeleton with skin and muscle stretched taut over it. In Kylo’s hands, Rey’s hard edges are smoothed out with flesh. As sickened as Rey is by even the smallest of changes, she recognizes that at first she is by no means exceedingly plump and nowhere near obese. It is just a little. A bit of flesh to cushion her belly to protect her organs and generally bulk her up is a good thing. It would have been a godsend on Jakku. If anything, he has done what he has set out to do: taking care of her by putting her at a healthy weight. The only problem is that he has shown no signs of stopping. To make matters worse, there are days where he does not keep up his air of concern for her welfare, where it is clear to Rey he is only in it for his own pleasure. In one such instance, Kylo arrives after neglecting to visit her for a day, leaving her with just a jug of water. Rey says nothing when he walks in, but she cannot suppress the rumble in her stomach when she smells the hearty meal of potatoes and some sort of meat dish. She also spots some of her favorite fruits alongside it. Her stomach has felt like it has been eating itself in the wake of the sudden lack of care. Her mouth fills with saliva at the sight of him. She swallows it, wondering whether or not he knows how well he has her trained. How he has managed to make her crave his presence if only for the food he brings with him. Kylo’s arrogance bleeds through the Force in heavy gouts. Oh, yes, he knows very well what power he holds. Kylo sits down on the edge of the bed and sets the plate of food in his lap. Rey walks over to stand in front of him. Kylo glances down at the floor, then back at her. Rey catches his meaning immediately. “No,” she says between her teeth. Kylo shrugs and lifts a slice of the meat into his mouth. A bit of blood mixed with the dark sauce oozes out of the corner of his lips as he bites down. The squelching as he chews and the heavy gulp as he swallows seems to echo in the tiny room. Rey drools again. He eats another piece, then another, then takes a bite out of a pear. Rey is not so foolish as to believe he will not eat it all in front of her just to prove a point. He stops when she kneels on the cell’s floor before him. Kylo has not bound her wrists and ankles since that first day, seeming to trust that she will accept what he offers. And, despite how embarrassed and childish she feels, she does. She obeys his unspoken instruction not to reach out with her hands for the food but instead allow him to cut it into little bites before he holds it out to her between his forefinger and thumb. The portions do not even come close to being full mouthfuls. Rey grinds the tiny scraps of meat between her back teeth in an attempt to eke out every last bit of flavor, but there is little she can do to draw out the nibbles of potato. Her stomach eagerly accepts the pathetic offerings that deviate from the heavy slosh of water. Rey is weak enough with hunger to accept the humiliation up until the moment that Kylo reaches up with his free hand to stroke the top of her head. She chomps down on the fingers outstretched toward her mouth despite knowing from experience they will not pierce his glove and gives his hand a firm shake. It only strikes her after the fact that she has just behaved like a dog. Kylo catches the thought and gives her a smile dripping with slime. “Bad girl,” he says as he reaches back with the hand he had used to pet her to grab a hold of the topmost of her hair buns and yanks. “Don’t you know better than to bite the hand that feeds you?” Rey’s jaw loosens its grip as she cries out. The glove she had bitten down on has a shiny coating of spit that Kylo smears across one of her cheeks. She shudders. “Are you going to be good, Rey?” Kylo puts aside the plate of food and stands, forcing her to get to her feet as well as he holds tight on her hair. Rey hisses through her teeth as tears begin to prickle at her eyes. She does not trust herself to speak. It will no doubt just end in a sob. “Maybe you didn’t know this, savage girl, but guests aren’t supposed to bite their hosts. You’ve done it time and time again… haven’t you learned better? Haven’t I been a good teacher?” He asks it like he believes he has been doing a great job of taking care of her instead of torturing her. Her hands hang limp at her sides. Ironically enough, the tiny scraps of food provided to her only seem to have sharpened her hunger. She feels weaker than ever. For once, the hatred broiling inside of her cannot be backed up by her physical strength. Kylo mistakes her inaction for submission. He lets go of her hair and strokes her cheek, shushing her. Rey swallows hard and flinches when he kneels to pick her up. He sits back down on the bed with her resting sideways in his lap, then offers her the plate of food. After a moment spent staring, smelling the salty, rich aroma coming off of the rapidly cooling hot food, she reaches out with one hand. Kylo’s glare makes her lower it. Reluctantly, she leans forward and hovers her face near it as she takes indiscriminately huge bites of the uncut meat. She ends up with sauce on her cheeks and chin. The gamey taste is not quite disguised by that same sauce, so she cuts it by turning to take a chomp out of the pear. Juices run down her chin and mix with the sauce. She feels like an especially messy Happabore as her tongue flicks out to swipe away the worst of the mess. She is too hungry to care. She knows she has to take advantage of the rare opportunity to eat on her own terms even if Kylo’s hands seem almost nice in comparison to having the edge of a hard plate cutting into her cheek. Rey does not look at Kylo as she eats, but she cannot help but feel him. He has left the plate suspended in the air with the Force to free up his hand so that he can probe her body with his fingers. Her legs, her hips, the curve of her ass, all get petted and prodded and pinched. Rey finishes nudging away the cores of fruits with her chin and licking the plate clean as he gets to the last. She accordingly tenses and levels a glare at him. The look he gives her is strange and yearning. Without contemplating the consequences, Rey reaches out with the Force and skims the surface of his thoughts. Luckily for her, Kylo accepts the intrusion in his mind openly. Less luckily, his notions disturb her. The basic core of his thoughts is simple, really: he thinks she has gotten heavier. He felt it when he picked her up. He can feel it now as he squeezes her ass. Rey bristles at his other thoughts; that she is more pliant, just like he thinks she has become more submissive to him. He could not be more wrong. Any amount of flesh seems like a lot on her body. It is only been a couple of months, according to her tallies. There is no way that he managed to— Kylo lays his palm on her belly just as he had done when he first caught sight of her on D’Qar and presses down. There is undeniable softness to her middle. Far, far more than she thought. He pushes her shirt up and Rey allows it mostly because she has gone numb. He can pinch a sizeable amount of her belly between his fingers and jiggle the flesh with a slap. Rey lowers her head and looks at the little gut that she has acquired, one that has become glaringly obvious with her sitting down alongside love handles. With it comes the realization that her thighs are straining at her pant seams and her shirt is tight across her swollen breasts. All the delusions that the changes she had managed to pointedly ignore or assure herself were not as extreme as she thought up were shattered with Kylo’s thoughts and touch. He fattened her up. She allowed herself to become his spoiled little pet, just as she swore not to. Somewhere along the line she had stopped pretending to go along with his sick wishes and actually begun to do it without thoughts of opposition that she ever acted on. The fact that she has become more than a little chubby is not what upsets Rey. It is that he, Kylo Ren, her disgusting, perverse, murderous enemy was the one to physically change her into something else. Rather than her friends helping her come to maintain a steady enough diet to put on weight, she apparently required being locked up in a cell and force fed. “What is wrong with me?” Rey whispers as Kylo rubs his palms over her churning stomach. “Nothing,” Kylo says, kissing the soft, full curve of her formerly sunken cheek. “You grow more perfect every day.” Notes: Holy shit, an update. And yes, the requests in the comments for Rey getting some chub have been answered, much to her dismay. Check me out on tumblr. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Bite the Hand series