A breath of the past “It will pass.” Ben had held onto it... Those words, he had let them sink into his skin and soul. He had tattooed them over his heart when he started to falter in believing them. They had been spoken a lifetime ago, it felt like that anyway. Hux had been gone for six years now. Six years, it was... So long. He thought the pain would go away, then he had thought he would outgrow it when he’d grow up... But no, nothing would ever compare to his Bran, nothing would fill that immense gaping hole that was just sitting there. He had not seen him since the day in the Citadel, not a single look. There was no word either, nothing. But every week there was a new book laying on the table of their place in the Old City. It was the way Hux let him know that he was alive and well. Ben would always take them with him and replace them with the one from before. It was a thin line to hold onto, and it was not enough. He needed more, and he was never given that. He had failed his promise though. He had not stayed in school and he had not been good. He was like Hux now, but not to the Order. His master did support the Order, but their unit was not sworn into the First Order, nor did it interact with any of its assets. The Supreme Leader had mentored him. He was now a Knight of Ren, a private army of seven warriors, meant to protect the interests of the Western Nations. But Hux had always been right... This life was hard, full of pain, abandonment and loneliness. He had never been more miserable, but there was no going back. He had embraced his new life. Ben was dead, Kylo Ren had replaced him. The only tether that remained was his books in the old city and his memories of his ginger soulmate. Kylo sighed. He couldn't help his mind lingering to those good old days when he had nothing else to think about. He tried to avoid this though, because he would still feel that a piece of him was missing. It was harder on those days when he didn't have a mission to focus on. Speaking of those; Kylo had just finished his last mission. It had been an easy job, he didn't even need a day to complete it; his target unknowing and easy to access. In and out, a clean stab, back before dinner-time… Too simple. He wondered if Hux would know about his new way of living. Probably not. The Supreme leader had made sure they would be anonymous to everyone, even to each other. That was the reason he had made all of his Knights wear the masks, so no one would be able to recognise him by face. The masks instilled fear, a faceless entity- Some people even questioned if they were human at all. A powerful weapon, even among their arsenal of actual weaponry. These helmets were as much part of their strategy as any other of their skills and tools. His leader was a strange man. He was often cloaked, keeping to his dark room in the mansion they used. It was a big one, far outside the city's dense core. Kylo was not sure what to think of it, just like he had not been sure what to think of himself the first months. His mother had become unbearable. She would look at him and reprimand him for loving Hux. She found out that Ben had known about Hux’s life, and she had been furious that he still loved him when he knew. So when the Supreme Leader found him he was angry and sick with loneliness. Hux's absence left him without a voice of reason and he channelled his pain into working for this strange man that offered him sympathy. It was made to look innocent at first, the man asked Ben if he would keep an eye on people that his mother talked to, if he could print some records for him. He always seemed honest and just, like he wanted to help the world- Like Hux did. Then Ben was asked to take these people to places, where they would be subdued and taken by one of the other knights. When he had first killed one himself, his master had renamed him Kylo Ren, saying he was new- That he was revived. And he had chosen to believe him, because being Ben had become a pain that was too raw too bear. Only Hux remained. Ren loved him, dreamed of him, cherished him. He would be 24 now, grown up... Kylo was grown up now too. He had grown out of the awkward limbs and skinny frame. He was strong, tall... Dangerous. He set the mask down on his table and looked at the mirror shortly... His eyes still told tales... He knew. It was like Hux had always said. They said so much, too much... That was why the steel covered them- That and his entire face too. Kylo was a lethal, unforgiving machine... The man under his robes was almost forgotten lately, even by himself. Kylo let his fingers slide across the cover of the book that had been left for him in the old city. He had finished reading it the day before yesterday. Reading was the thing he did most when he had some free time, but only when he received another book from Hux. It made him feel closer to his beloved somehow. Kylo pulled a strand of his hair behind his ear. He had let it grow a bit longer over the years. He remembered that Hux had loved the way it flowed, the unruliness of it, so he had let it get longer- Not too long- Just longer… So Hux would have more to run his long fingers through… Someday. Kylo got up and let himself fall on the bed at the other side of the room. The moment he became a Knight was the moment he got this room, his own place in the mansion. It was a lot bigger than Hux's room in the Citadel, which was a cramped little box if he was honest. The Supreme Leader wanted his Knights to live well, wanted them to feel that they were taken care of. It was not a life of luxury though. Despite the size and comfort of it, his room was very plain and simple. He did not need much- He did not have much worth owning anyway. The First Order was different from this too... Kylo knew that. They seemed like a system, a unity. Kylo did not even know the faces of his fellow knights. They did not even speak to him. He thought that being this entity would strengthen him, and in a way it had. He was harsher now. He had not cried or sniffled anymore in a long time, he did not miss his mother, or his family, only Hux. He had thought about visiting the Citadel and meeting him there, but he was embarrassed. He had become this thing, and he could not stand it if Hux would look at him like he had betrayed him. He sighed and opened the book that Hux had left for him, flipping through it to get back to the page he'd marked. It was no use, his focus was gone. He knew the story already- The suspense was dead now that he tried to read it a second time. So instead he chose to find his Master. It was late, but he would report his mission anyway, if the Supreme Leader was still there of course. He sighed when he clicked the mask back in place, knowing that he was supposed to wear it all the time. Only when his Master told him to remove it he would. As he strode to the conference room at the back of the mansion he was surprised to hear a commotion. There was yelling, loud yelling. His Master never yelled, and the other voice was un-morphed. The Knights' masks always changed their voices, making them unrecognizable. But despite the fact that Kylo could not hear what was said he could tell that it was probably not one of theirs in there with the Supreme Leader. The doors swung open, and someone stormed out, paces long and fast. Kylo stared, nailed to the ground at the sight of red hair and a pale face. He was different... So different... But it was him. It was his Hux. The other walked past him, looking at his masked face before his own twisted into something akin to pure contempt. He didn't say anything to Kylo, just let out a huff and continued taking his leave. Hux worked with his Master too? Kylo watched Hux leave around the corner, nimble hands slipping a coat on without slowing his stride. He looked positively enraged by whatever had happened in that room. But none of that mattered- He did not care for the situation… This was the first time in all those years he had seen him. He wanted to run after him, hug him, do anything, but he couldn't. He couldn't show Hux this... This thing he had become. Kylo wondered belatedly why he had been here though. Never had he seen someone of the First Order talk to the Supreme leader. He knew the Master supported the Order, but did they work together now? Kylo shook his head. If they did it was a strained collaboration indeed. No use letting his mind wander about it. He would only know if he would be told. He took a breath and turned back to face the door he walked to. He felt rattled, like had been pushed back a few years into being Ben rather than Kylo Ren. It felt too familiar, the connection between them. He swallowed thickly and shook his head. The image wouldn't leave, the hatred on that face... He stepped into the Supreme Leader's conference room and bowed his head. "Kylo Ren..." His thin voice spoke. "Just who I wished to see." Kylo slowly walked towards him. "I am sure you saw my previous appointment leave." The man continued. Kylo nodded, trying to avoid speaking since he would not trust the sound of it, even through the modulator in his helmet. "His name is Elan Brendol Hux, he leads the First Order." Kylo raised his head and regarded his Master. "Unfortunately, the General has been a little too forward. He no longer wishes for my involvement with the Order." Kylo clenched his jaw. Why would Hux get so angry with his Master, why would he cut him loose if his support was something that the Order would need? He was positively enraged by whatever they had discussed. "The First Order is a very important asset in our plans. I cannot have their leader take that away from us. You have become my most promising Knight. I will trust you to take care of this little bump in the road. Do not underestimate him though. General Hux is a tough opponent." Kylo’s eyes grew wide. It was a good thing he was wearing the mask now. His Master asked this of him? To kill- To murder Hux, like a target… Stick a blade in him to keep their interests alive- Their opponent, enemy. The Master handed him a tablet, the screen betraying it was generic, only containing a few important folders, the rest uninteresting. "You can find everything you need to know on there." The Supreme Leader pointed at the tablet. "Read it thoroughly, know him thoroughly. Such a thing will be your only hope at making a discrete kill out of this." He turned back around to sit down on his chair. "That is everything I have for you now. Do not return to me until you have made your move- And do not move until you know you will win." He motioned with his hand that Kylo could leave the room. Kylo bowed lightly and walked outside with the tablet in his hand. The mission he got, he had never failed a mission before- Which was why the Leader put his faith in him… But how could he complete this mission? He could never- Kylo walked back to his own room. What would he find on the tablet? He closed the door and slipped the mask from his face, this time not bothering to set it down where it belonged. Instead it fell to the floor with a heavy thud and rolled on the side a bit- Kylo paid it no heed. It felt too sweaty everywhere suddenly, feverish. How... Why... Hux was his target now. His kill to make. He had never been so blindsided in his life. His fingers were shaking when he opened the files on the tablet. He knew a lot of this already, Hux's family information and history... Although he could read now that apparently he did finish school, went to Harvard even of all places. Kylo inhaled sharply, this was not right. He was not going to kill Bran! He kept reading though, there was a lot there that told him what Hux had been up to the last six years. The Stormtrooper programme his father had been so adamant about had been merged into the First Order, which made it a force that was not to be messed with; an army of clandestine killers. Nobody really knew how big it truly was- Not even Snoke. He sighed a little. Hux was no longer a boy, he had grown into a leader, a mastermind without match. The Order was no longer underground, it was the private army of the Western Nations. The current Emperor had Hux in his ranks as advisor, even if it was unofficial and unknown to most media. It at least helped keep the peace. The Supreme Leader was thought to be a good friend of the Emperor’s inner circle too... But now he wanted to take out its most important asset. His Master was good to him... Surely there was a reason for all this... He could fix this, clear Hux's name and reconcile them. But first he would then need to face Hux, and he had no idea how that would go. He sighed and put down the tablet. He thought that he had been doing this to help the Western Nations in becoming a better place- No, he still believed he did. Kylo walked to his bed and let himself fall down on it, letting out a frustrated huff. Running away wasn't an option anymore. He needed to face Hux and talk to him, even if he would be disappointed. His life could depend on it- So Kylo knew he had to find the guts to meet him, soon too. It would be easy to meet him by just waiting in the old city until Hux came to leave another book for him, but somehow Kylo didn't want to taint that place that way. He would find him by the Citadel, no doubt, if he kept his distance, he would be able to tail him to someplace quiet- So that they could talk. Hux needed his help; maybe more than the times he had been injured and shaking under Ben’s hands. Kylo lay flat on his back, staring up at the ceiling. He felt weird, more of Ben was seeping back in, the insecurities and the feeling that he knew oh so little about the world. Hux was the only one that seemed to always understand things. He sighed a bit and grabbed the tablet, looking at the pictures in the files. Hux had changed too. The roundness of his face had sharpened, his brow was more pronounced now, strong, in some constant state of frown almost. Time had made something more feral of him. He had lost the soft side... At least it very much seemed so. But he too kept going back to the Old City... For Ben. Despite of all the things that had changed them they both kept coming back... Waiting and hoping. Tomorrow he would see if he could start tailing Hux carefully. It was already getting late, so Hux would probably be at work in the Citadel. If he led the Order, that place would be his home now. It would be nearly impossible to get in there without being seen. The whole place was crowded with trained people- Especially now that those Stormtrooper ranks had been integrated. Kylo shook his head. He would start tomorrow and find a way to get to Hux when there were no eyes to see them. A moment and place they could talk alone and Kylo could make sure Hux wouldn't storm off as angry as he had seemed earlier that day. Or worse, somewhere where Hux wouldn’t kill him before they would even have a chance to speak to each other. He closed his eyes and let the sleep take him away. It was a fitful sleep. Kylo had never slept well since he embraced this life, he either had weird dreams of the death that surrounded him or he did not dream at all. Those latter ones were often nights he spent on drugs, pills that eased his head. Tonight he woke up three times at least, twisting on another side to sleep on, stubbornly ignoring the unease in his gut. When morning came he was up early. He needed to find patterns in Hux's movements. He would start near the Citadel, try to make himself scarce and look for a sign of Hux, then he might try the estate, see if he still lived there. And well, otherwise he might see to find Phasma, find out if she was still with Hux so he could ask her to point him in that direction. He looked at his mask and sighed. He did not want to wear it, not to see him... But he would have to, too many risks were attached to not doing so. Kylo grabbed all his gear and got ready. After seeing how Hux reacted to him yesterday when he was wearing the mask, Kylo still didn't like to put it on, but he did so nonetheless. He knew the way to the Citadel like the back of his hand. He had walked it numerous times, telling himself that he would see Hux that day; turning around halfway every time, but this time he would really go there, all the way. At least close enough to be able to observe whoever would be going in and out. Kylo chose a good vantage point when he arrived; one from where he could overlook the whole area/ It was actually quite nice sitting in the shade from a nearby building, his robes were thick and the sun was out, so this way he wouldn’t feel cooked to death by the end of this. It was still quiet around the area, the Citadel hadn’t expanded visibly on the outside. It still looked like a long forgotten land-mark of a different time, lost in an empty field of concrete and broken walls… But he knew what lay below that sad building- He knew what was going on inside. Kylo wondered how long he should sit here, how long he would have to wait before he would see anything worth seeing. Maybe there was nothing to be seen here, maybe he had missed Hux coming into the Citadel- Or missed him going out… There was no telling for sure. He just didn't want to miss Hux when he changed his location to one near the estate Hux used to live. He could only just pass him by, but not see him at all. No- He best stay here, and wait. He sat there like a statue, eyes trained on the subway-station. Yesterday Hux had worn something very similar to the uniform that Kylo knew from years ago. This one had been different though, it had more stature. It had evolved with Hux, gaining a sense of importance, more protection, sleeker lines, better fabric… More eye for detail and design. It was more sophisticated than his foot-soldier uniform- It was a set that belonged to a leader- A figure of authority. Hux had come far in the Order, Kylo could tell… It was just like he had always known Hux would be- Strong and intelligent- There was no better fit for such an organization’s ringleader. He sighed a little and looked up when he heard the telling slam of the latch that closed off the access to the Citadel. Hux was alone. No others, nobody travelling along with him. He was in suit, keeping his head down as he walked off with purpose, phone pressed to his ear as his other hand held onto a pricy looking coat. Kylo sighed out, this was going to be his best chance- Who knew when next Hux would be alone. He got up slowly, stretching the strain out of his limbs, wanting to make a 100% sure he would be able to call on his skills if needed. He lowered himself from the building he had used to stake out the Citadel and kept his eyes on Hux. He waited until the other walked into one of the many alleys. He wondered where he was going, not that it mattered. Kylo started walking, making sure to keep his distance and stay in the shadows. He wasn't sure when the right moment would be, but it had to be before they got to the larger streets. It wouldn’t be private enough there, too many eyes could see them. He watched Hux turn another corner and quickly rushed towards it before he would lose the man. His red hair was distracting, moving while he was walking, a light bounce to the strands that were combed back to the base of his head. Ren wanted to touch it, hold him close. Everything he had felt six years ago was still there, but it felt so much more intense… Fuelled by a deep and dire need to have him back. Kylo shouldn’t have allowed for the slip in his focus, a rookie mistake- He had made himself too obvious, especially for a trained fighter like Hux. Just as he snapped his attention back Hux turned sharply, moving right for the jugular. He saw a fist moving towards his face and just managed to dodge it. Hux was still as fast as he knew him to be, striking for weak spots without a blink of hesitation. The blade was out too, trying to hit Kylo at places that his own uniform did not protect. Kylo parried his strikes. He had never sparred with Hux in those months together six years ago, but this actual fight... It made him second-guess his training. He only barely managed to block his attacks. Hux was trying to kill him, really kill him. He was so fast. There was a kick, landing in his stomach, knocking him back. He groaned and fell on the floor, scrambling to pull up his defences. Hux struck again and he caught his hand just before it could get close to the exposed skin under his mask. "No!" He hated the sound of his morphed voice at the moment- It did not sound right. "Bran! Please!" Hux stilled, blade still out, wrist still in Kylo's fist, even though the pressure relented significantly. He seemed to twitch, looking at the helmet with panicky eyes. "Don't say that... Who told you to call me that?!" Kylo grunted when Hux used his free hand to punch him in the ribs. "Let me take off the helmet. I can explain... Please." Hux pursed his lips a bit, knowing he could push the blade through now that the other relented some grip. He would only need a quick jab- The other’s reflexes would never be fast enough… And yet he did the opposite He sat back a bit, taking his knee from Kylo's other arm where he had pinned it. Kylo slowly reached up to his head and unlocked the helmet before sliding it off, making Hux gasp and shake his head. "No... No... You promised it to me..." He sounded pinched. "You promised... You-" He looked at Kylo's face. "What have you done?" Hux’s voice tapered off breathlessly. Kylo looked away. The look on Hux's face was worse in real life than he had pictured it would be. There was so much less anger in there, and so much more despair- Shock. Those pale eyes wide, almost making him those six years younger again. "I-...I just..." Kylo stuttered. "I-I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I just.... It was bad at home. I know that's not an excuse, but..." Kylo watched Hux retract the brace around his wrist, shakily putting the coat back over his arm. He looked odd, eyes glazed, jaw clenching- Flabbergasted. He didn't want to disappoint Hux, but he really knew that he had and that hurt his heart. Kylo slowly sat up straight again, setting the mask down next to him. He couldn't bear seeing that expression on Hux's face, that open sort of shock and hurt- Not even capable of hiding it. Hux sat there for a moment before he put his hand on Kylo's cheek, thumb under his eye. He almost sobbed a bit but swallowed it away with a curse. "Ben..." He mumbled. "I'm so sorry..." He sighed. "This is all my fault." He took in a deep breath and lowered his head, hand slipping away. "I made you into this... I wanted better for you and I could not protect you from it." Kylo inhaled sharply and looked at him with wide eyes. How- How could Hux blame himself for it? "Bran-" "No. Don’t- Don’t call me that. Bran is dead. I had to let go of that... He was a child... It's just Hux now..." Kylo frowned a bit. For him Hux was still Bran, just a change of name wasn’t going to change what he was to him… Just like he would forever be Ben, deep down somewhere. But if he chose to go with Hux, Kylo would respect that. "It's not your fault." Kylo looked at Hux, even when the other simply scoffed and shook his head, and loosely grabbed his wrist. "It's no one’s fault but my own." Hux looked at where his hand sat around his wrist… Physically connected again. How long had it been since he last felt his touch? He had longed for Kylo’s touch, his warmth, his smiles. Hux looked back up at Kylo. He felt guilty, that he had set things in motion that corrupted the only thing in his world that hadn’t been rotten to the core yet. Ben was no longer Ben- He never would be again. "If I had known this I should have just taken you with me to the Order. I would have sheltered you- Trained you myself." Kylo shook his head. "No, you made the right decision. It was for the best. You had good faith in me- I know that you just wished for me to go on with a normal life. I wanted that too. It was just... Some things happened, and I was weak then, I was lost. You weren’t there to guide me, and I took the wrong road." Kylo took another deep breath. "But however much I enjoy seeing your face again- Hearing your voice again too… God I missed that. I need to tell you something. It's important." Hux nodded, shaking himself out of the last remnants of his stupor and stood, brushing his hands over the fabric of his suit. He wore them even better now, Kylo could definitely tell. It looked more tailored and fit better than the ones he had seen Hux wear before, Hux managed to fill them out now, no longer too narrow and skinny for some parts. He still was a bean-pole though- But a masculine one at that. "Before you start though… Do you- Are you aware who you work for?" Hux asked him. Kylo frowned a bit at that. "I have seen the Supreme Leader many times, he personally mentored me. He oversaw my training every step of the way and he helped me to deal with the backlash of-" "No... Ben..." "Kylo Ren- Or well... That's what I go by now. Just like you- I had to change." Hux swallowed a bit. "Ren then... Do you know WHO he is? His identity." Kylo finally made it up to his feet as well, wiping at his clothes, belatedly realizing that he was getting cold there on the street. "I know him as Master... Why does it matter?" Hux inhaled deeply and sighed out. "It's Snoke." He murmured. "I found out yesterday. It was- I couldn’t believe it for the longest while… But it is true, there is too much proof. It’s him. No doubt that he sent you to kill me before I can wheedle him out." Kylo blinked a few times, looking at the back of Hux's head and then at the ground, trying to grasp the thing he had just heard. "You killed him." He protested. "You said-" "I was certain too." Hux interjected. "But this time he played us. I let him. I made it too easy." Kylo shook his head. He felt he was laughed at again, by someone he trusted. Someone he had put his faith in, when he needed them. Kylo put a hand over his face and let out a crazy sounding laugh. Hux turned around and looked at him, worried. He knew it might be hard for Kylo, to get such a bomb dropped on him- Given that he had found his stability in Snoke of all people. He had turned to the one that had torn them away from each other. "Then everything I did, all the good I thought I did, was for that man?" Kylo leaned against the wall behind him, somewhere between crying and laughing maniacally. "He knew exactly how to play his cards right." Hux sighed. "I'm so stupid. He knows everything. I gave him so much information on the Order… On my mother… On everyone with power." Hux shook his head. "He knows a lot, but not everything." Kylo grit his teeth and huffed. “Pray tell, what does he NOT know?” Hux smiled thinly. "There is one benefit." He mumbled. "He does not know about us. He never did. It is the one blind spot that broke him up time and time again. He doesn’t know what you mean to me, and hopefully what I mean to you." He sighed then and embraced Ren. "You've outgrown me." He said when he noticed the slight height difference. It was two inches at most, but just enough to be noticeable, just enough that Hux had to stand on his toes to lean his chin on Kylo’s shoulder. Kylo smiled and put his hand on Hux's waist. "Yes. It appears I have." He shook his head and looked at Hux's face, cupping a hand over his cheek. Six years of change and yet he could still find all the features he loved. "What do we do?" He asked. "You are not going to like it." Hux mumbled, stepping back. "I'm going to kick your ass. So that you can report to Snoke that you failed and he will buy it." Kylo sucked in his cheek. He had never failed. Failure was not an option, he kept going until he achieved what he needed, nobody had bested him- Ever. "And if it's any consolation you can hit me back." Kylo shook his head. "No! I've seen you in pain too often already! I don't want to be the cause of it." Hux hummed a bit and they both fell quiet. It had been so long, yet the trust was still unconditional, their bond too. "We need to." Hux said then. "We can meet in the Old City... Where we used to... I will bring things to tend to the wounds we need to afflict. Snoke would smell trouble if I would come away without even a scratch." He sighed and looked in Kylo's eyes, a bitter determination hardening his face. "For the greater good Ren." He said softly. "Only ever for the greater good." Kylo smiled lightly. "Indeed." He sighed a bit and stepped back a bit. "What are you waiting for? I might change my mind, so let's get on with it." Hux took a small breath. "For what it's worth I'm sorry I have to do this." Kylo shook his head. "I know you would not do it if we had another choice… Same goes for me of course." He waved his hand and let out a huff. “Whenever you’re ready.” Hux nodded grimly, tightening his fist and swinging at Kylo hard as he could. Kylo hissed when the first hit landed in his stomach. This was going to hurt. He knew it had to be bad, because his Master, no- Not Master- Snoke, would never believe Hux to go soft on someone. So he let Hux beat him, kick his ass. After a few punches Kylo found the resolve to hit him back. He knew that he would have to, if Hux walked away unscathed it would look like bullshit, Kylo was trained too after all. He did not pull punches, even at the sound of pained groans. Hux’s treatment of him the same. Eventually he had left a solid set of bruises on Hux and one set of dark finger-marks around his neck. He knew that there were cuts and slices too, parts of the suit ruined with bloody stains. There was no damage to Kylo's face, Snoke would need to think he'd kept the mask on. Eventually Hux rammed him against the wall and huffed. "This will hurt." He apologized before stabbing the blade in Kylo's back, avoiding the vital organs with calculated precision. Kylo cried out in pain and pushed Hux off before slumping back a bit. "Augh... That's- That's enough." He whimpered. "We both- We’re both ruined enough." Hux straightened and nodded, absently touching the strangle marks Kylo had left on his neck- He could feel them when he swallowed… Kylo was strong. "You need to flee back to the Citadel." Kylo said. "And I to Snoke." He grabbed the helmet off the ground and dusted it off a bit, groaning at the sore joints it rattled. Hux chewed on his lip and nodded. "You have to come to the Old City tonight... Promise me." Kylo nodded wordlessly, pressuring the wound in his back. "I promise B- Hux... I'll be there." Chapter 2 : A familiar kiss Notes: Beuh... I am so sorry. My people, forgive me. It is not that I did not want to upload or continue... But the deadlines, the application for internships... The fucking STRESS ABOUT LITERALLY LIFE. I was so swamped and it was too much and I just couldn't do it. Anyway, I think it's getting better now, so I found some time. I still won't be fast though, my sincerest apologies. My RSI is playing up again and it needs rest so I will be writing when I can be writing. Also, for the tender-hearted among us... The chapter after this will be NSFW. Be warned. Kylo pushed himself off the wall and started walking. He hadn't felt this bad since maybe his first trainings. Hux had apologized, profusely so, but Kylo had assured him time and time again that it was okay. This had been necessary- Unavoidable. He too regretted the way Hux limped when he walked off, the dry cough he tried to suppress from the hand that had choked off his air-supply for a moment. They had both hurt each other- But their consolation was that they would have each other to soothe those aches later. Slowly, he made his way back to Snoke, feeling like a kicked dog more than anything. His robes felt heavy on his shoulders. They were probably drenched in his own blood by now, the wet spot on his back still expanding. It took him quite some effort to get himself back inside the large mansion, feeling woozy when he finally got there. First he needed to report to Snoke, then his wounds would get the care they needed. He dragged his feet when he came to meet Snoke, knocking on the doors. His Master called him in and he entered, trying to walk straight. The moment he was in he could see Snoke's face contract into a snarl. "You failed." He hissed. Kylo bowed his head and nodded. "I am sorry." He said. "It was as you said... He was too strong for me." Snoke stood, looking at him with his twisted face. Kylo had always wondered about the scars his Master wore, now he knew that it had been Hux's doing, from the fire he had set to Snoke's house. "You FOOL!!" His Master shouted, voice bouncing off the walls. "You have alerted him that he is targeted!" Kylo swallowed and turned away his face. "Did I not say to you to handle this delicately?! Did I not inform you that we NEED to keep influence over the First Order?! The general will take it away from us now, no doubt that he knows who sent you!!" Kylo felt his stomach coil. This was still his mentor, and he felt a kind of stab at his anger. He knew that it was empty words, that this man should mean nothing to him from now on… But the six years he spent under his care were not forgotten so easily. "Patch your wounds while I try to mend your utter disgrace!" Kylo gave Snoke a small nod and let himself out of the room. He felt dizzy. He wasn't sure if that came from the pain of his body or the emotional beating he had dealt with today. He dragged himself to his own room and let himself slip to the ground when he had closed the door. He would probably be disowned now. He wondered how Snoke was going to make this right. Whatever he said Hux would know one of his Knights tried to kill him. Maybe he was going to say one of his Knights had gone rogue, that he would cut Kylo loose to prove a point, maybe he would let the other Knights kill him for it. Not that it really mattered anymore. He was going to protect Hux first. It had been a miracle to see him again. Kylo couldn't await until tonight when they would have the time to really talk again. He needed to take care of himself first though, or he would never have the strength to make it to the Old City. He came to his feet and slowly peeled off the black robes he always wore. It was a second skin, hiding all of him inside them. There was no flesh visible between the layers, not even near his face. It was a kind of anonymity that made him seem like a ghost. He had always liked it, it allowed him to be nobody and feel nothing. Now they felt dirty though, they proved his broken promise... His fault, even if Hux blamed himself for it. He had allowed the corruption to take him in. So this time he was happy to shed the clothes off to bathe. He needed to clean the small wounds and tend to the one on his back. And then he could wrap that in bandage and prepare to leave. He would need different clothes... He hadn't been out in normal clothes for so long... He didn't even know if he still had something that would fit. Kylo walked to the bathroom that was adjacent to his room, the door falling back in its hinges when he pushed it back. All the rooms had a small bathroom attached to it, every single one in the mansion. This was mostly because of the anonymity each of the knights had to keep, Kylo figured, separated at all times so that they would never form a bond together. Snoke was probably afraid that if they would bond, they could decide to get rid of him at some point- He would be paranoid like that. Kylo turned on the shower and studied his wound in the mirror, as he had expected from Hux the stab was clean and precise… It just needed rinsing out and stitches… He would ask Hux to do those for him tonight. Showering had to do for now to keep going until he would be in the Old City. It would be too hard to reach it for further care with his hands. He took a quick shower to let all the blood wash away and disinfected his wounds as well as he could. Afterwards he dried himself and tried wrapping the one in his back. He had learned to take care of these things quite early on in his training. His Master was not one for the soft touch, and he often found the other Knights beating him up in some form of training. He needed to learn to defend against them, and when he couldn’t it was punished without mercy. After the wounds were wrapped he managed to fit into an old black t-shirt and a pair of sweat-pants that were barely fit for him. They hung high over his ankles and his thighs almost strained in the fabric. It would just have to do for now though. He was not going to show up to Hux in those goddamn robes. They had no place in their haven. He sighed and raked a hand through his hair. He was still afraid, even if he knew that Hux still loved him. It would be weird, talking, seeing each other again. But even more than he was scared Kylo was keen to see him again, hold him again, inhale his scent. He wanted to know if it was still the same; honey and oranges… He still remembered that vividly. He sighed and straightened. The moment the dark would set in, Kylo would go to the Old City and find Hux there, at long last. He grabbed the book he had brought from the room in the Old City the last time he went there. He wondered if he should take it and hand it back to Hux in person this time. He looked out his window. The sun was setting, but it would at least take another hour before he would be able to get away. Nonetheless Kylo got up and grabbed a simple jacket he had hung in his closet, that too strained to keep his shoulders in, but it was survivable. He had trouble with the waiting if anything. It was downright torture… The sun creeped down too slowly, and there was nothing to distract him from it. When he thought it was dark enough to risk it Kylo left his room. Carefully he checked, as always, if no one had seen him or was following him before quickly picking up the pace towards the haven where Hux would be waiting. He wound through the quieter areas of the city until he found the entrance Hux had shown him years ago. He slipped through and walked to the old library, smiling when he saw a bit of light from one of the windows… Hux was there. When he got up to their room he was therefore not surprised to find Hux there already, sitting on the rug in his underwear, heating a needle over a candle that he used to stitch a mark that Kylo had left in his arm. Kylo sighed and closed the door. "Hey..." He said softly. Hux turned his head slightly, not enough to actually see him though. "Hey." He replied. "Just in time to help me with this, my left hand isn't as good at this as the right one." Kylo smiled lightly and sat down next to Hux. He accepted the needle and focussed his attention on the wound. It brought back the memories of that night he had to helped Hux with his first big injury. He had gotten a lot better at all kinds of small medical tendencies. Carefully Kylo stitched Hux’s arm until the wound was closed completely. "I hope I didn't hurt you too much." Kylo said as some kind of apology. He still felt guilty he had to do that to him. Hux shook his head and dabbed away the last welts of blood. He sighed and looked at Kylo. His face had bruises on it, and the hand-mark on his throat had darkened significantly. But Kylo knew it just looked bad because of Hux's pale complexion, but that did not make it any better. He was wearing a dirty white top and some black briefs... They were slightly bloody from their brawl, that too only added to his guilt over his actions "You did what you had to. I stabbed you." Hux insisted. He grabbed Kylo's hands and sighed. "What about you though? Are you okay?" "The back-wound could use a needle and thread." Hux smiled ruefully and nodded. "Alright, let me see." He said. “I’ll take care of it.” Carefully Kylo took off his shirt. He let Hux unwrap the wound. The feeling of Hux's fingers on his skin was still the same, something he wouldn't forget, even if it was fifty years before he would feel it again. Hux looked at Kylo’s skin with some discomfort. It had more marks on it, signs of what he had been through. Hux pursed his lips and cleaned the needle. He had wished not to see these things on Kylo of all people… He had been so smooth and unmarred- New and untouched. Hux held the needle in the fire for a while, until he was sure it was safe to use it again. Just as careful as Kylo had been with him he tried to stitch the other’s wound. As long as the it wouldn't get infected it would be fine. When he was done Hux put the needle down on the table near him. Kylo still sat with his back turned to him, so Hux wiped away the blood that oozed from the fresh mark and then rewrapped it with a clean roll of bandage. It was so much like the first night that he had taken Ben here, when the silence had seemed to drift them together. It was there again now too, the silence, a faint noise from the flames near them, their breaths and a soft ticking of the rain- But nothing else. He sighed and kissed Kylo's shoulder absently. "I've missed you." He whispered. "Like a limb was amputated from my body." Kylo hummed happily at the softness of Hux's mouth and the warmth in his voice. He sat up a little straighter and lifted an arm, reaching behind him until he touched Hux’s hair, then buried his fingers in it, letting them slide along the ginger strands without a word. He brushed Hux's hair out of fashion knowingly, his free hand taking hold of both of Hux's own hands as they laced together over Kylo's stomach. Hux was leaning against his back with his forehead, taking in deep breaths as Ren continued to card through his hair absently, arm craned only slightly backwards to touch the softer hairs in the back of Hux's neck. "It's okay. I'm back." Kylo mumbled. "We're not leaving each other again." Hux didn't react, only tightened the arms around his chest. "You don't have to keep me safe anymore." Kylo continued, his other hand running over Hux's laced fingers. "It's okay..." Hux sighed against Kylo’s back, his eyes closing as he took in his warmth. It was calming to feel those fingers carding through his hair. It was more soothing than anything in the world, it was a touch that nobody else had- One he would not allow from anybody else. They sat like that for a while; only feeling each other’s company, getting used to it again. Hux softly placed a kiss on Kylo’s neck when the other ran his thumb over the edge of his ear. Everything still felt the same and the tension Kylo had feared wasn't there either. There was only some form of sweet peace- Together. "How did it go?" Hux asked softly, his voice breaking the silence almost reluctantly. "Not as bad as I had imagined. He is going to take care of my failure somehow. He said he would." Kylo shrugged a bit. "Hmm." Hux simply answered, tilting his head a bit. "We might need to watch him then." He softly placed another kiss in Kylo’s neck. Kylo smelled different from Ben, he had to conclude. Ben always smelled like very strong deodorant from some supermarket brand. Now that he was Kylo he was more toned down, mostly emitting the scent of his own skin and a hint of the bath-products he used. It was nice. Kylo chuckled a bit as he finally turned his head, managing to place a soft peck at Hux's temple. "I've missed you too." He said then, twisting around so they could look at each other. There was a warm familiarity to the sight of Hux's disorderly hair. It felt like he was looking back at the more personal part of him, the private Hux that did not just show himself to anyone. "So much." He slid his arm around Hux's waist and looked at him with a slight frown. "But you look thinner... Even thinner than before... You need to eat more." There was barely any fat left on Hux's body. The shape he had was from the muscles he had formed, but Kylo could see the tips of his collarbones jut up in the shoulders and the hand around Hux's waist could physically feel the curve of his ribs. "I know." Hux admitted. "But I'm never hungry anymore. Even if I need to eat I don't want to." He shook his head. "It's to do with the stress most of the time, not a day goes by without feeling on edge... Quite frankly it's an exhausting position to be in. It coils your stomach and makes your air-supply seem choked… A constant state of feeling queasy- So eating feels so counter-intuitive." "But still, you should take better care of yourself. One day it's going to harm you." Kylo said with a worried frown. “You’ll need nutrients to keep going.” "I know." Hux looked away. "Well, now you have me again. So I'm going to make sure you get some energy back into your body- By force if I must." Kylo let his hand move over Hux’s back. "We both need our strength for what is coming." Hux nodded. "We never take the easy road do we?" He turned back to Kylo and smiled lightly. Kylo looked into Hux's eyes. He had missed every part of him. "If I hadn't come to you, you probably wouldn't have known. You would have looked me in the face and never recognized me behind that mask." Ren smiled softly. "I would have. In time I would have found out." Hux let his fingers run through Ren’s hair. "I would have seen it in the way you walked, or in the way you talked... Even with the morphed voice." Hux mumbled. Kylo smiled a bit and cupped his jaw with one hand. "Your hands are really big." Hux laughed. "It's odd." He slid his own palm against Kylo's free hand. His fingers were shorter and his actual hand was less broad. Kylo had outgrown him, Hux was the slighter one now. It took some getting used to. But oh... The rest was so familiar. It was that familiarity that made him finally feel relief again. Kylo watched his eyes. In this weaker candle-light Hux's eyes seemed almost luminescent, the flames dancing across them in bursts of orange and yellow… Playing tricks that made Hux’s eyes seem like mirrors. "Are you angry though? That I broke my promise?" Kylo asked then. "That I stopped being Ben?" Hux sighed and shrugged a bit. "I am not... But I had wished a softer life for you. I know the pain of being this kind of person... And now you have to feel that too. I would have stopped it from happening if I had known." He touched an old mark on Kylo's shoulder, almost covered by his long hair. "So; if anything I'm sort of sad that you didn't realize that when you chose this." Kylo shook his head. "I knew most of the things you were feeling at the time. The pain, sadness... But I wasn't in a good place at that time and I guess this somehow made me feel closer to you. As if I also did something good for this Empire. Back then… It seemed like the change would be worth it, that I would get used to it and enjoy being like you in some twisted sense of connection. If I had known it had been Snoke reaching his arm I'm sure I wouldn't have taken it." He sighed. "But you couldn't have known. I didn't… Not until yesterday anyway. He is smart I have to say, but he isn't going to get away with whatever he is planning." Hux grit his teeth slightly. "I'm sure it can't be anything good, knowing how he used to be." Kylo leaned against him. "Although he is disappointed in me right now you can still use me as your inside man. We can find out his plans and stop him in time." Hux nodded and carded his fingers through Kylo's thick hair. It was so lush, almost insanely so. He smiled a little and kissed his forehead. He had missed this comfort, the ease that seemed to come with being together. They could warm each other like this. He closed his eyes a little and sighed out. "Ah... This is nice." Kylo muttered. "Did you ever come here alone?" Hux shook his head. "Only to get a new book for you... I never stayed." He mumbled. "You?" Kylo shrugged. "Sometimes. I would try to look for any sign of you being here... But never longer than an hour. It was too quiet when we were not here together." Hux chuckled a little and tilted his head back, pecking at Kylo's cheek. "Please kiss me again." He said then. "I want to feel it again." Kylo smiled warmly. He was feeling warm inside. A warmth he had missed since the day they had said farewell and the lack of understanding from his mother. He placed a hand on Hux's cheek, thumb caressing over the sharper line of his cheekbone. "You know I'll do almost anything you'll ask of me." He leaned forward and softly touched Hux's lips with his own. They felt still the same like everything did. Kylo looked at Hux and smiled. He leaned back and this time kissed him deeper. He felt Hux's hands wrap around him more tightly and let his own arms fall around the man’s neck. He never wanted to let go of this anymore. Hux sighed out a bit and slowly melted against Kylo more and more. They kissed until it was starting to take their breath away and even then they continued to hold each other closer, Hux pressing his face against Kylo's collarbones, kissing at them as Kylo's hands touched over the ridges from his spine. Suddenly Kylo cursed and sat up. "What?" Hux asked. "Your wound?" Kylo shook his head and shied back a bit. He could feel the heat, the sudden strain of his pants… The proof that he still very much loved Hux, but in far more mature ways. He longed for him now, and the way they kissed, the way he would press ever closer, Kylo couldn’t help the certain spike of his own arousal. "Come on, talk to me." Hux murmured, trying to tuck himself back in Kylo's hold. "Did I do something wrong?" Kylo shook his head again. He felt his cheeks get hotter. "Then what is it?" Hux grabbed Kylo by the wrist to make sure he wouldn't walk away from him. Kylo scraped his throat and turned to his beloved Hux. It felt somewhat embarrassing, but he could see how worried Hux was, so he should say something- Try to explain himself. "Let's just say I'm not that young and innocent anymore." Kylo’s cheeks were burning red when he said that. "What?" Hux furrowed his brow and looked down when Kylo did too. "You- Ah… I see." Hux grinned then, in the most obscene little way and pulled Ren closer to him again by his wrist. "You think you're the only one with that little problem? You think I wouldn’t feel such a thing now that we are finally together again?" Hux breathed in Kylo’s neck. He softly kissed him there and pressed closer. Kylo swallowed thickly and put both hands on Hux's waist, it didn't quite feel right how narrow he was there now. He hoped their reunion would allow him to eat more. But it was only a fleeting thought on his mind as he ducked his head to inhale Hux's scent and then he chuckled. "You don't have to stand like that." He snickered when he noticed Hux trying to stand on his toes to level their height. Hux huffed and lowered back onto his feet again. The difference was somewhat bigger than it truly was now too, Kylo was still wearing his boots, Hux was bare-feet, which added at least another inch in height to the other’s already impressive figure. Kylo sighed out and looked at his face. "Could I... You know... Now that we are older-" His face burned as he tried to suggest what he wanted. He couldn’t believe that he could not bring himself to say it. He committed murder, he was a killer and a fearless warrior, and at the thought of asking for sex he felt his mouth go dry and his legs go weak. It was a laughable thought, and yet he was stuttering like a fool. "You think it would be okay-" "Do you want to?" Hux simply asked. Kylo nodded, hands clenching a bit. "Then we can." Hux let his hand rest on the back of Kylo’s head. His eyes were still like an open book to Hux; he could see exactly what went on in that head and he smiled with the familiarity. "I do have one condition though." He brushed his fingers through Kylo’s hair. "A condition?" Kylo repeated nervously. Hux nodded. "Promise me you'll tell me if you want to stop. Don't push yourself into something you're not ready for." Kylo smiled warmly and nodded wordlessly. "Good." Hux also smiled and kissed Kylo. He let his tongue slide into his mouth and pulled Kylo’s body closer to his. Kylo closed his eyes, hands bunching in the tank that Hux had been wearing all this time. It was a rather coarse fabric, thick and protective. Hux was softer, thankfully. His skin was cool, it always was, but so soft. He hissed and pushed Hux back a bit until they had found the couch. Kylo pushed Hux again and he stumbled, falling over the armrest onto his back. It was good that he was trained, so he just gave the other a reprimanding look instead. "Careful... You don't want me to break my neck." Kylo snorted and loomed over him, placing his knee on the other side of Hux's hip so that he could lean over the couch to kiss him again. "As if you would be so easily injured." He tutted. "We both know that is bullshit." He grinned and put his hand near Hux's head, looking into his eyes. "You're very beautiful." He said then, gazing down at him. "It's almost insane." Hux looked up to him with a smile. "You don't look too bad yourself." He put his hand on Kylo’s neck. "Your beautiful eyes are still talking to me." Kylo smirked a bit and kissed Hux again. "And what are they saying?" "Right now?" Hux grinned. "You only want more of me." Kylo huffed and pinched Hux playfully. Hux let out a laugh pulling him down so Kylo’s chest was resting on his own. They kissed again, more passionately this time. Hux carefully let his hand slide under Kylo’s shirt and over his back. Hux sighed a little as Kylo pressed his lips to his neck, feeling the way he grinned against the skin there like he could not believe his luck for having this. He kissed Kylo's shoulders, hands tracing the lines of his biceps. Kylo had packed some muscle over the years. He was still tall and lean but he was strong now too. Kylo stared at him as he sat up enough to pull Hux's top over his head. The bullet-scars were still there, of course. The years had faded them a little, integrating them into Hux's skin a bit more, but they were still prominent. He splayed his palm on Hux's chest, looking at them, then at all the others. There were new marks too, slices and scrapes, not a lot, but Kylo noticed them. "Someday..." He said. "I'm going to leave my own mark on you." He smirked. "It's going to hurt a bit, but it will be mine, so you can cherish that." Hux nodded, his own fingers clasping around Kylo's wrist a bit, his eyes wandering over him lazily. Kylo looked at the bruises then, the ones he left earlier, they made purple splotches all across Hux's skin. Most prominently though were the ones around his neck. Kylo slid his hand forward until his own fingers were back over the marks, a perfect fit. Hux looked at him, calm and unfazed, never afraid that Kylo might decide to get rid of him right here and choose Snoke. It was too ridiculous for both of them to consider. Kylo hummed. It was fascinating these marks, his own presence on Hux's body. He wanted to make more, claiming him as his own- For nobody else to touch. Slowly Kylo squeezed again making Hux gasp for air only shortly. He softly kissed Hux's jaw, loosening the grip again and letting his hands move over Hux chest. Hux took in some deep breaths and pulled Kylo’s lips onto his. His hands traced down his back, fingers avoiding the deep wound from earlier as if they blindly knew where it was. Kylo began rocking against him and Hux let out a soft moan. They both felt it, the need for each other. Kylo grit his teeth as that soft noise passed Hux's lips. It fuelled everything that made him feel so bothered to begin with. He had wanted to hear him for so long, since he'd started to crave the deeper touches with Hux he had imagined the sounds he would make when Kylo would be with him. It was like oil worked on fires, making it flare inside his guts as he ground his hips down harder. "Hux..." He mumbled, pulling at his lips with his teeth. "Please say I never have to stop." Hux looked up at him, to see his eyes, and then fluttered his own shut again. "You don't have to stop." He just replied. "I meant what I promised to you six years ago." Kylo sat back, taking hold of Hux's hips to angle him out against his own groin, even if they were still clothed. He needed that friction. "I'm yours." Hux said again, just like he had six years ago, with the same conviction as he had used back then. "And I always will be." Kylo let out a soft whimper when he moved his hips just right. "And I am yours." He said. "Always." Hux smiled then and sat up a bit. Kylo protested with a soft noise that made Hux grin. "I can assure you don't want to soil your pants." He leaned forward and kissed Kylo. His hands moved downwards to the rim of his pants. He helped him out of his pants and discarded his own afterwards. Now they were laying completely naked on the couch. Hux let himself fall back again and pulled Kylo with him. He shivered a little and curled his toes as Kylo grabbed the back of his thighs and pulled him closer, bending over him with that ridiculously long torso of his. Hux was quite enamoured by how his hair fell over his cheeks. So black against a skin that was so white. And those moles were still in the exact same places as all those years ago. Kylo smiled, a true charming smile that was nothing Ben would do. He was grown up and confident now, something new and better. "I love you." He said then. "I really do." “I know.” Kylo answered. “I’ve always known.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Dear Death; I love you series