Bzzz. Hux hurried across the street to the sound of horns blaring, stepping out in front of traffic without waiting for the signal. His phone was vibrating in his hand, and he narrowly avoided sending it crashing to the pavement when he flipped it over to read the incoming message, refusing to acknowledge a particularly loud honk from a man driving a beat-up taxi. This was New York - everyone walked when the signal told them not to. Those who weren’t used to it had better become well-acquainted with their brakes, and quickly, because god help the person whose poor driving caused him to scuff his freshly polished Ferragamo wing-tips. Hux had places to be and no energy to spare on disgruntled drivers who should have better budgeted their time if they were going to be made late by the few seconds it took for him to weave in and out from between their cars. Push our lunch meeting back by 15? Phasma, of course . Speaking of those who needed to better budget their time. Hux spared a glance at his watch and ran a hand over his face. His Chief Operating Officer was invaluable to the company, his right hand man - or woman, as it were - but she had a knack for getting hung up in meetings that pushed her schedule behind. And if Phasma’s schedule was behind, it wasn’t long until Hux’ went with it. He sighed as he typed his reply, his foot finding the step up to the curb from memory - he’d walked this street so many times, he could do do it blindfolded. I suppose I don’t have much of a choice, do I? You’re still with finance, aren’t you? The reply sounded snappish, and he realized it, but he couldn’t help himself. The alarm on his phone had gone off at 5:45 am, waking him up from a dead sleep with such a start that he’d knocked it from his dresser and onto the floor, giving himself a minor heart attack. He’d finally fallen into bed just shy of two o’clock that morning, socks still on his feet and tie barely loosened, too tired to even pull the sheet up over him - which meant he was currently running on four hours and some odd minutes of sleep, with a crick in his neck from the way his pillow had bunched while he’d slept. He shook his head back and forth, wincing at the tightness that refused to budge, even after a handful of Advil. The only thing that was going to make him feel better was a two hour nap on his office sofa, but that wasn’t likely to happen today. He hadn’t built one of the most successful marketing firms in the city by taking afternoon naps, as tempting as that sounded. Using his knee to jostle his briefcase when it threatened to slip from his grip, he flipped his phone over again. Oh, grumpy today. We both know you always feel better after one of our lunch dates. My treat for the inconvenience today. That acceptable, oh fearless leader? Hux rolled his eyes. If Phasma had time to send texts like that, she’d probably already made up her mind about how to sidestep whatever finance was proposing and was just waiting for the schmoozing to end so she could spill the details to Hux. You bet I’m fearless, or I’d never have hired you. He debated including an emoji - the little winky one, or maybe the one with its tongue sticking out - but decided that would be giving entirely too much validation to Phasma’s teasing, and hit send without it. Hardly a moment had passed before he added: Who the hell else around here is worth going to lunch with? It’s either you or Mitaka, and he’s like to piss on the floor any time I look at him. Speak of the devil. As soon Hux nudged his shoulder into the rotating glass doors of Imperial Marketing’s highrise, his assistant was on his heels, clipboard in hand, looking like he either had something very important to say or was going to vomit on his last-season loafers, whichever came first. Hux mentally counted to ten and prepared for the onslaught of Mitaka’s rundown of his day. While he was a more than capable assistant - tirelessly dutiful, punctual to a fault, and so organized it managed to boggle even Hux’ mind - he operated somewhere on the level between an especially yappy chihuahua and a cat who was constantly afraid it was going to be sprayed with water. (Phasma had suggested that he try it once, just for fun, but Hux hadn’t been sure the shock wouldn’t actually stop the man’s heart, and he had no desire to train a new assistant from scratch.) “Mitaka,” he said, before the other man could launch into whatever he was about to say, thrusting his briefcase into the hand that wasn’t occupied with clutching a clipboard for dear life. “I know you’ve got an endless list of items that demand attention, but first, for the love of god, please tell me my Starbucks order is on my desk and that it’s right this time.” When the expression on Mitaka’s face transformed into one that made it look like he was about to cry, Hux took pity on him. “Don’t look so heartbroken. It’s not your fault the baristas in the lobby are imbeciles; I don’t expect you to actually taste my coffee for me,” he amended, patting the man on the shoulder with his now-free hand. “I am just gravely in need of a macchiato that actually tastes of espresso this morning. I swear, if I have to live with the hot milk I received yesterday, I can’t be held responsible for my actions.” Hux had met with six graphic artists that morning alone before ever making it into the office, and he’d yet to find even one whose portfolio was anything more than uninspiring. Phasma had lectured him endlessly about delegating - he had an entire human resources department devoted to procuring talent for him, after all - but when it came to the creative aspects of the company, Hux had a hard time letting go. While he had never been much of an artist himself, he had an eye for it, he thought, and image was the entire basis of Imperial Marketing. If they couldn’t offer their client something visually stunning, what hope could they have of convincing anyone that they were essential in the creation of the rest of their image? Mitaka visibly gulped and wedged his clipboard under his arm after upcapping a pen with his teeth (which Hux found so disgusting he could scream, swallowing down a lecture about the colonies of germs that lived on writing implements). “Phasma’s asked to move your lunch meeting down by 15 minutes,” he began, unhelpfully, and Hux took a deep breath in through his nose. Patience. Mitaka knew Phasma had his personal cell number and should have been able to deduce that she’d texted him the request first. He was stalling, and poorly. “Already handled,” he said, his tone dismissive. “Consider it moved. Push back the rest of my day to accommodate it.” When they reached the elevator, the attendant greeted him with a nod and pressed the button for his floor without Hux having to ask, and Hux thanked the heavens for small favors - like well-trained elevator attendants. His shoulders were growing tighter by the moment, and he rolled first one, then the other, while Mitaka rattled off a list of trivial matters that he believed required Hux’ consideration but that Hux knew him capable of handling himself, if only his confidence level would allow it. Two minutes in, Hux allowed his mind to wander. Finance was going to want to meet with him, if Phasma didn’t give them the answer they wanted - and chances were she wasn’t going to, which was exactly the reason he’d hired her. She was relentless once she’d made up her mind, and she wasn’t about to budge on the salary increase requests she’d made for their creative team. If Hux didn’t already agree with her assessment, she’d have him convinced by the end of lunch today, he was sure of that. Phasma always had her reasons, and Hux usually agreed with them, once she took the time to explain. The decision had already been made; it was up to financing to find a way to make the increases work. They just didn’t know that yet. Hux wasn’t without a keen business sense - he’d built this company from the ground up without a shred of help, and he knew what was best for it. If he didn’t, he wouldn’t still be in the game, after throwing his hat into the ring when he was as woefully under-qualified as he had been at 26. MBA fresh and crisp in his hand, the ink not yet dry, he hadn’t wasted a moment in getting himself out from under his father’s thumb - had gone from investor to investor, sometimes demanding, sometimes wheedling, and at the end, not above begging. Had been turned down a hundred times if he’d been turned down ten before finally someone had been reckless enough to put their faith - and their money - on a recent graduate with no practical experience and a resume that could fit on one page. “Mr. Hux.” A man twenty years his senior - one of his vice presidents, Rogers, he thought - stepped aside to let him on the elevator first, and Hux gave him a tight smile. If only his father could see him now, with a host of businessmen the man’s age working underneath him. (But of course that would have required Hux seeing his father too, and no amount of satisfaction was worth that.) “And finally,” Mitaka was saying, voice tight, as if he was speaking through a straw, as the elevator doors closed behind them, “PR needs your attention before the end of the day. The media is… uh… well, they’ve gotten wind of the charity gala you forgoed attending last week. There’s word that Forbes is considering running a piece on your lack of societal engagement. We need to do damage control.” And there it was - the reason for Mitaka’s stalling. Hux’ thoughts came to a halt with a screech he could have sworn was audible. "Damage control?” The incredulous words were out of his mouth before he could remind himself that one of his vice presidents was standing only a few steps in front of him, boring a hole into the wall with his gaze as the elevator pinged at the fourteenth floor. Hux lowered his voice to a hiss. “You’re telling me I have to apologize for choosing not to go to a damned party? I wrote the man a check, for god’s sake! I’m not heartless!” The gall of it all was astounding. Truly, he hadn’t skipped the gala due to a lack of interest in the cause… whatever it had been. Something to do with children, he thought - and while he wasn’t interested in children of his own, he liked them well enough. In theory. He’d simply been tired, hadn’t felt like spending the night pretending to enjoy poorly chosen wine in SoHo’s newest art gallery surrounded by the kind of men who wouldn’t know art if it bit them in the asses. Of all the things in his career he thought might come back to haunt him, he would never have guessed it would be this. When his phone vibrated again, he didn’t need to look to know who it was. Mitaka break the news yet? Word is you’re the most unfeeling man in New York, Hux. Can’t believe I’m the last to know. Hux snarled wordlessly at his phone, and Mitaka shrank away from him, as far as the cramped space in the elevator would allow, looking as if he’d written the article for Forbes himself. His fingers tapped against the screen of his phone with such force that he half-expected the glass of his iPhone to crack. Fuck you. There, he thought, hitting send before jamming his phone into the pocket of his blazer, that felt better. Hux took a steadying breath, remembering what he’d read earlier that week about the importance of mindful breathing in Ayruvedic medicine, and turned to Mitaka as the doors opened to his floor, the wide expanse of the city visible through the floor to ceiling windows that made up the walls of his office. “We’ll handle it,” he said, with more confidence than he felt. Really, he told himself, this wasn’t more than a nuisance. Let them think what they want - what the city, what the country, knew of Ethan Hux was half rumor and half fairy tale, and he liked it that way. He could work this angle - the cold and heartless bastard millionaire who couldn’t spare an evening for the good of the children. He hadn’t gotten into marketing for nothing, after all. “Tell PR not to work themselves into a fit over it. I’ll speak with them before the day is out.” Ethan Hux. Princeton graduate summa cum laude at the age of 21, holder of an MBA from the Harvard School of Business by 23. Climbing his way up the corporate ladder at 26, CEO of his own marketing empire by his 30th birthday - which, coincidentally, was also the year he’d first been featured in the Wall Street Journal. There was no way he was going to escape the public eye with a resume like that, and if they wanted a reason to hate him… well, they’d find one. Sometimes it was easier to give the public what they wanted than to rail against it. He dismissed Mitaka with a wave of his hand as he sunk into the plush leather of his high-backed chair, turning to look out over the sea of highrises from his million-dollar view while his laptop came to life. (And that wasn’t hyperbole - the price per square foot of office space in this neighborhood put the value of this floor alone well into the millions.) The people below were tiny, so far removed that he could barely make out the cut of their clothing, the color of their hair. A billion people with a billion stories, all coming and going, hurrying somewhere - to work, probably, maybe here, in this building. Maybe home to their families or to share lunch with their lovers. Living their lives lives, whatever they were - and Hux didn’t know a one of them. It was a profoundly lonely feeling, one Hux didn’t want to dwell on, so he drank deeply from his macchiato as he scrolled through his emails. The milk was soy and still hot enough to near scald the roof of his mouth, which meant Mitaka had read the barista the riot act for yesterday’s mishap, as well as remembered to order Hux’ extra shot of hazelnut, if the sweetness on his tongue had anything to say about it. Hux gave the man a moment of silence thanks - because he was immediately greeted with three separate emails regarding what was now being referred to as “the scandal.” The scandal . He snorted at the dramatics as he marked all three read without opening a one of them, just the subject lines so exhausting that he was closing his laptop and tucking it back into his briefcase before he’d made it halfway through the messages. He’d deal with the rest after his lunch with Phasma, he decided, because for all her cheek in the matter, she was right in that he always did feel better after speaking with her. Something about her matter-of-fact way of handling things put Hux at ease, and he was already feeling slightly less like ripping his hair out by the time he sat down at the table Phasma had reserved, twenty minutes before she had said she would arrive. She’d chosen one of his favorite spots - intimate enough that if he was recognized, the other patrons would know to keep to themselves, and well-appointed, with crisp, white tablecloths and lighting that was warm and soft. He sipped on a glass of red wine as he waited on Phasma’s arrival, checking his phone, but she hadn’t responded to his last - rather crass - text. A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he began typing It’s bad form to keep the most unfeeling man in New York waiting , but Phasma chose the exact moment he sent the text to round the corner to his table. Phasma was the kind of woman who always made an impression, whether she wanted to or not. (And it was to her credit that she always wanted to.) Hux wasn’t sure how old she was - she had once said she’d rather kill than tell, and Hux didn’t want to test the seriousness of that statement - but he’d wager a guess she was a little younger than he was. Standing at six feet and then some, she was close enough to Hux' height that their cheeks brushed when he stood to embrace her, and Hux let his hands linger on her shoulders, savoring the contact. For as much as she was his partner in business, she was also his friend - and a damned good one at that. There was no one he trusted half so much, even as she leaned in to whisper in his ear “Isn’t it worse form to be the most unfeeling man in New York?” Her lips brushed his ear as she said it, and Hux burst out laughing before shoving her away. “You’re an ass, you know that?” he said, affection behind the words, as took her by the fingers and turned her to admire her ensemble. Phasma - not her real name, he was certain, but the alias she’d been using in business since the day they’d met - was wearing a knee-length navy dress that hugged her hips and a chunky gold statement piece of a necklace that called attention to the piercing blue of her eyes. Her short-cropped blonde hair was styled simply, and her lips were painted bright red as they pulled up into a wide smile. “You say that like you deserve anything better,” she teased, while Hux pulled a chair out for her. Before Phasma had fully crossed her legs, she was motioning for the waiter. “A martini,” she said, as soon as the man approached their table. “Dirty. Two olives. And don’t even think about using the cheap vodka. I’ll know.” It was her usual order, but that didn’t stop Hux from raising an eyebrow at her. “Oh, don’t give me that look,” she said, rolling her eyes. “We’re well into the afternoon, and you’re not allowed to judge me when I can see the wine your glass. A good vintage, I hope.” As if he’d ever order something that wasn’t. Hux resisted the urge to tell her wine was different than a martini, and swished some of the libation in question over his tongue. It was only the house merlot, but he didn’t have any complaints; Hux knew the restaurant's sommelier personally and could always trust the man’s palate. “Don’t tell me the news of my scandal has driven you to day-drinking,” he admonished, as if Phasma couldn’t be found enjoying a martini on any given Thursday at 1:30 in the afternoon. “That’s what they’re calling it, you know: a scandal. Can you believe it?” He put his phone face down on the table and drew a finger around the rim of his wine glass, as he waited for Phasma’s reaction. At that, she laughed heartily, smile still as wide as ever and genuine mirth in her eyes. “ Finance drove me to day-drinking,” she corrected. “They’re hell-bent on talking me out of increasing our creative division’s salaries, won’t listen to a word I have to say. It’s all oh you know that’s not in the budget this and we’ve had an abysmal first quarter that.” When the waiter reappeared with her martini, Phasma waved him off and took an appreciative sip, humming in the back her throat, before plucking an olive off the stirrer and popping it into her mouth. “I told them that’s bollocks,” she said around a mouthful of olive. She had a way of doing that that somehow made the habit of talking with your mouth full less disgusting than it really was. “I know the first quarter figures better than they do. We’re up - if not as much as we first projected - and the only way we’re going to continue that trend is if we have a skilled creative team backing us. As it is, we’re behind other firms in the city in what we’re offering; our insurance package is less comprehensive, and they’re starting out with only a week’s paid vacation. We’ve got to give them something, or they’re going to start walking - and we both know where that will leave us.” And he did - Phasma didn’t have to spell that out for him. He hadn’t spent the better part of the morning meeting with prospective graphic artists because he didn’t value their design team. “I’ll tell financing to figure it out,” Hux said, and then stopped to order a grilled tempeh salad. It wasn’t really what he wanted - there was a phenomenal cheese plate on the menu here, with a soft brie that was to die for, and even the thought of the steak Phasma was ordering set his mouth to watering - but he’d recently taken a renewed interest in his health after hearing through the grapevine that his father had suffered a heart attack scare a couple of months before. Hux was young yet, but it was never too early to start worrying about such things. “They can make cuts in other areas, if they need to,” he continued, as he spread the cloth napkin across his lap, noting with appreciation that the waiter had taken into consideration the color of his suit and replaced his black napkin with a cream-colored one. Touches like that one were what kept him coming back to this restaurant. “Let them figure out which - that’s their job. You’re the one always telling me to delegate, after all. This is me delegating. Financing can get their collective heads out of their asses and use the time they save not hounding you to find places we can tighten the budget.” Phasma chortled disbelievingly. “I hope you’re going to be the one telling them that, because I don’t want to hear the whining that’s going to result from that decision.” She followed Hux’ lead and placed her own black napkin over her dress, before swallowing the second olive. As she was chewing, Hux' phone vibrated on the table, drawing her attention, and she clasped her hands over her mouth, letting out a high-pitched squeak of amusement. It was a sound Hux had heard hundreds of times, but one that never failed to sound out of place coming from her. “Oh, Hux. Hux. You’ve got to be kidding me,” she exclaimed, reaching out to run a carefully manicured finger along the edge of the glass casing. “Rose gold? Really? Isn’t that a little much, even for you?” “ What? What’s the matter with it?” Hux said defensively, snatching the phone out of her reach and placing it safely next to his wine glass. “It was time for an upgrade, and you know I’ve always liked rose gold. I think it looks sophisticated.” He sniffed lightly and took a sip of his merlot, daring Phasma to say different. He certainly wasn’t going to defend his choice in iPhone to his COO. Phasma snorted and stood up to pluck the phone from the table. “I think it looks girly,” she said, making a show of inspecting it, turning it this way and that as she settled back into her chair, and Hux felt his cheeks go red, the heat of embarrassment burning all the way up to his ears, even as he tried in vain to squash it down. This was ridiculous; it wasn’t as if he needed her approval in the color of his accessories (even if he had texted her photos taken in dressing rooms so she could weigh in on his wardrobe choices in the past). “Hardly the type of thing the most powerful man in New York should carry.” The words caught him so off-guard that Hux couldn’t contain his bark of laughter. “I’m not the most powerful man in New York,” he corrected. “I’m the most unfeeling. There’s a difference.” Phasma looked at him dubiously as their meals were delivered. Hux’ tempeh salad looked uninspiring but appropriately healthy, arugula a bright green that suggested that it had been purchased at the farmer’s market not far from here earlier that morning, and he did his best to ignore the fact that Phasma’s steak appeared to be cooked just right, down to the little bit of blood that dribbled onto the plate as she cut into it. “So you’re telling me the most unfeeling man in New York carries a rose gold iPhone? Oh, just wait until the papers get ahold of this. You’re going to have a second scandal on your hands, Hux,” she teased, once more around a mouthful of food. With each word, the knot of anxiety in Hux’ chest was loosening, and for perhaps the first time that day, Hux found himself able to breathe without feeling like something was pressing on his chest. Thank the stars for Phasma. He’d never tell her that - not with the way she was hell-bent on teasing him today - but she’d saved him from insanity at least a hundred times over by now. Her company was welcome, and here in the comforting light of the restaurant, even his tempeh salad couldn’t inspire complaint. “I can see the headlines now,” he said, taking another sip of his wine and savoring it. “ Heartless bastard - literally,” and here he paused to smirk at his own pun, “of Imperial Marketing caught snapchatting his nefarious schemes via his rose gold iPhone. Are there no depths to which his firm won’t sink?” His words had the desired effect, and Phasma let out a guffaw of laughter. “At least you know what you’re in for.” She took the napkin from her lap and dabbed delicately at the corners of her lips, careful not to smudge her trademark matte red lip color. How she managed to keep the stuff in place throughout her meals was something Hux would never understand, especially with the way she ate. “Unfortunately,” she said, when she had finished, “you’re not actually heartless. But only you and I know that of course. I think it’s time you let somebody else in on the secret.” Her words were casual, her tone light, conversational - too conversational - and Hux narrowed his eyes. When she leaned across the table and into his personal space, Hux felt his heart drop into his shoes. Suddenly, her need to see him for lunch today made sense. It didn’t have anything to do with her problems with Finance - which she had already known he would solve - nor did it have to do with a desire to tease him about the Forbes article. In that moment, it all became painstakingly clear. “Oh no. Oh no no no,” he protested, shaking his head and letting his fork clatter to the plate. It couldn’t be true. She wouldn’t. Hux could feel the eyes of the patrons at the next table over on him, but he was too horrified to care. “ No, Phasma. I know what you’re thinking and I don’t want to hear a word of it. We’ve been over this before. It never works out well when you set me up with someone. I’m not any good at it.” Phasma didn’t so much as react to his display, cutting off another bite of steak and gesturing with her fork. “Oh, don’t be such a baby. You don’t even know the man. He might be your soulmate for all you know - or at least a damn good lay. Either way, it’s more than you’re like to get if you spend the night sulking in your office.” Hux made a noise of protest, and Phasma waved her hand dismissively. “Don’t look at me like that - you know that’s what you were planning.” Hux opened his mouth to argue, but shut it just as quickly. There wasn’t much he could say to that. While it was true that he hadn’t entered sulking in my office into his schedule on his new iPhone (which was sophisticated, thank you very much), that was how almost every night ended. Alone in his high-backed chair, rumpled dress shirt unbuttoned at the neck and tie loosened, nursing a glass of Pinot Noir and looking over paperwork until his vision became so blurry that rubbing his eyes didn’t do anything to help. Phasma had walked in on it more than once, and Hux knew he must have cut a pitiful figure. “So sometimes I work late,” he said, on the defensive now. “I am the CEO, you know? Someone has to run this company while you’re off gallivanting with a different woman every night of the week.” Hux winced and shifted uncomfortably in his chair; the comeback sounded weak, even to his own ears. “I’ll have you know I’ve been seeing the same woman for two weeks now,” Phasma remarked. “We’re seeing each other for the fourth time this weekend; I might even let her stay over.” And this was news to Hux - both he and Phasma kept hard and fast rules about letting the people they were seeing into their homes - but she didn’t give him the chance to inquire further. “I can tell when you’re trying to change the subject, and it’s not going to work. Listen, Richard is a nice guy - he’s in publishing, I believe, carries a little notebook around with him everywhere. I met him at a poetry reading, and he really seems like your type. Tall, witty, really perfect hair. Probably kind of an ass, if you get to know him a little. I wish you would give him a chance.” Hux felt a little guilty at that, the bite of artichoke in his mouth transforming into something heavy and tasteless as he forced himself to swallow it down. “Phasma,” he said, sputtering - and she was the only one in a long time to ever make him flounder for words like this. “I know you’re just looking out for me, and I appreciate the gesture. Truly I do. But after the day I’ve had, I just don’t know… I’d have to dress up, or maybe down, depending on the venue. Try to make myself seem vaguely approachable. Find a gift that says it’s so nice to meet you but I didn’t spend too long trying to pick this out because I know I’m in my mid-thirties, but I swear I’m not desperate. Think of some conversational topic interesting enough to hold his interest for the majority of the evening while managing not to monopolize the conversation with talk of myself and my work. Which is nearly all I have to talk about, if you haven’t noticed.” When he had finished, Phasma was looking at him like he’d grown another head. After a moment of silence in which she continued to regard him incredulously, her mouth dangling open a little, she said, “...it’s just a date, Hux.” “Ha!” Hux exclaimed, his voice taking on a pitch so shrill that he would never willingly admit he was capable of producing it. “Just a date, she says. Just a date. When you’re approaching 40 and everyone in the damn city knows you as the marketing tycoon who single-handedly reinvented the proverbial wheel, it’s never just a date.” The tension that had dissipated in his shoulders was returning, and Hux focused on relaxing them, the beginning of a throb taking hold in his right temple. “You aren’t approaching 40,” Phasma argued, her logic infuriating because that wasn’t the point, and Hux rested his forehead in his hand, rubbing at spot where his headache was growing. “You’re 33. Stop deflecting. Dammit, Hux - just go on the date!” She set her martini glass down against the table with enough force that it rattled the silverware, the knot of discomfort so tight in his chest that the sound almost had Hux leaping from his chair. “Have a few drinks, have a nice time - cop a feel, if you’re lucky. And leave all your anxieties over it at the door, for the love of god.” She pointed at Hux’ chest. “There’s a person in there worth getting to know, and no one is ever going to get the chance if you keep shutting yourself away like a hermit. People are going to start thinking you’re hiding something!” Hux shrugged, doing the best he could to adopt a disaffected air of mystery - which was difficult when he’d nearly sent his chair toppling only a moment before. “Maybe I have something to hide.” “What?” Phasma said, with a tone of voice that so effectively implied you’re full of shit that it wasn’t necessary for her to say it. She leaned back to rest her feet on the rung of her chair, showing off gold pumps that matched her necklace perfectly . “That you’re an anxiety-ridden gay man so anal-retentive that you won’t let anyone into your house for fear they’ll put their dirty shoes on your sofa? Sorry, Mr. Big Shot CEO, but your secret’s out.” Hux was thankful he hadn’t chosen that moment to take a sip of his wine, because he didn’t relish the feeling of merlot rushing up his nose, and there was no stopping his snort of shocked laughter at her words. Phasma was right - oh god, was she right. It was unfiltered and merciless, the kind of thing no one else would ever dare tell him, for fear they’d find themselves going door to door with a resume in hand the next morning, but that didn’t make it any less true. “And you’re telling me that’s what this Richard is looking for in a man?” he chuckled. “Because if that’s what you told him about me, I’d imagine my problem is already solved. Chances are he’s already run for the hills.” “No.” Phasma stuck her tongue out him, acting more like a child than the person in whose hands he left all aspects of the firm he didn’t control directly. “What I told him is that you’re wickedly funny. Fiercely private. Loyal to a fault. Perfectly coiffed red hair. A little bit anal, yes - but for some reason he seemed to like that.” She smiled wickedly, and Hux rolled his eyes at the pun. He’d heard better from 12-year-olds. “But honestly,” she continued, dropping her voice to a conspiratory whisper and cupping her hand to the side of her mouth, “the part I told him about you being filthy rich probably would have been enough to keep anyone’s attention.” “So you’ve already positioned me as a sugar daddy. Lovely. ” Hux pushed the remains of his tempeh salad away from him, the topic of conversation having killed any desire to eat more, and Phasma reached across the table with her fork to dig in, helping herself to Hux' leftovers without asking, as she always did. She had a self-satisfied look on her face - one that said, if Hux was entertaining the idea enough that he was even having this conversation, she’d already won. “Hey, I was just doing the hard work for you,” she quipped, letting the sarcasm sit only long enough to make Hux feel truly stupid before sighing and looking at him seriously. “His blazer might not have been Gucci, but he looked well-off enough, okay? Publishing can be profitable.” With that, she crunched down on a sliver of red pepper. “Hey, this isn’t bad. Fresh.” Satisfied, she popped the rest into her mouth and chewed noisily. “Anyway, he’s probably just glad you’re not a gold digger.” With an audible exhale, Hux drew his hands down his face. When Phasma got an idea into her head, she was relentless, like a dog with a bone. His salad was gone, a victim of Phasma’s appetite, his wine glass dry. There came a time when any man, no matter how stalwart, had to admit defeat - and this, apparently, was his. “What time did you tell him I’d meet him?” he said into his hands, the resignation evident in his voice. Phasma let out another little squeak, this time obviously pleased with herself, sliding him a slip of paper with a time and address written on it in her own script. There was no question she’d had the thing at the ready, and Hux knew then that he’d never had any hope of escaping his fate, not from the start. Phasma had played him like a well-oiled violin. “8:30pm, and not a second later - so don’t go working late. This patisserie just opened up on the West End,” she said, her excitement making her speak quickly, “and there’s a waiting list a mile long just to get through the door. You wouldn’t believe how many strings I pulled to get you these reservations - ” --- At 8:45pm, Hux collapsed into the high-backed chair behind his desk, breathing deeply for the first time in hours. The entire building was dark, quiet, save for the whirring of a vacuum cleaner as a janitor made his way past Hux' closed door - the two of them the last holdouts, everyone else at Imperial Marketing having made their way home at least thirty minutes before. His face was bathed in the blue glow from his laptop, while a hundred stories below, the street came alive with people, loading themselves into taxis, streaming up from the subway tunnels to gather on corners, meeting for dinner or drinks or discussion. Across town, an unsuspecting couple was being admitted to a patisserie with a waiting list a mile long without a reservation - but up here, Hux may have very well been the only man alive in all of New York. When the screen of his phone illuminated with Phasma’s name, he turned it over, reaching instead for the brandy in the cabinet beside his desk. He’d explain in the morning. Chapter 2 Notes: Trigger warning for: Non-consensual drug-use, non-graphic description of attempted sexual assault. If you are sensitive to either of these, we advise you to proceed with caution or skip the last half of the chapter. We will happily provide you with a trigger-free summary of the important parts over on Tumblr. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben’s alarm clock rang at 6:00, as always, and he struggled to wake himself up enough to be able to reach out and turn it off. It was like trying to move through water; his movements were slow, his body heavy and uncooperative. His brain felt like some sort of mush, the thoughts came so slowly and took so much effort - he was exhausted before he’d even gotten himself upright. Nausea rolled through him in waves, making his gut feel heavy and tight, cold sweat covering his skin and making his pajamas stick to his body in awkward places. The possibility of being sick seemed ever bigger than it had the previous morning, and Ben wished he’d remembered to eat something with his evening meds - he’d been on Lithium for well over a year now, he should have learned. The brain mush from the sleep meds couldn’t be helped much, though - he knew that - but it didn’t really help matters right now. The journey from his bed to the bathroom seemed endless, and he wasn’t too sure he’d make it there without throwing up. Very carefully, he reached over to his nightstand and grabbed the bottle of water he always kept there, opening it and taking small sips for a while, until the disgusting surging feeling in his stomach had settled some. By some lesser miracle he made it to the shower, turning the water on to the coldest setting he could manage - he had to, he’d fallen asleep in there more than once - and quickly washing the sweat off himself. Whatever little stubbles that had managed to grow since yesterday had to wait until he’d had some more water, some breakfast, and his morning meds. His hands were trembling like mad, and he had trouble enough trying to hold on to the shampoo bottle. Shaving? Yeah, that would end in tears. He really should have drunk more water yesterday. It took frustratingly long to manage the buttons of the dark oxblood-red shirt he’d chosen for the day, and he almost fell over when trying to get his socks on, but eventually he declared himself as dressed and headed down to the kitchen. Leia was making coffee, and the frustrated noises coming from the small study down the hall told him that Han had lost his glasses again. As he shuffled over to the fridge to get one his trademark little portion sized yoghurt cups out, Leia threw him a glance from where she was just pouring the fresh coffee for them. “You’re not wearing that shirt to work, I hope,” she said. Ben looked down at himself. He’d liked the way it looked in the mirror, but maybe he’d been wrong. He knew he wasn’t very good with this stuff. “I-is it too much?” he asked, curling a bit on himself. “I- I thought it looked okay, but....” “Too much for work,” his mum said, handing him his coffee. “You stick to neutral colours, Ben. You work in an office, not a bar. Where’d you put that powder blue one I got you? Not the striped one, the other one.” “I think it’s in my closet. I’ll go change. Sorry.” “White t-shirt under it, Ben. Not a dark one!” He hurried back up to his room, getting out of his shirt as he went, and throwing it in a corner before changing into the shirt his mum had decided on. This time he didn’t even bother to check the mirror - Leia was much better at these things. If she said it worked, then he didn’t argue. He didn’t want to show up to work looking like a clown. It was bad enough that he stuck out like a sore thumb already, with his height and general awkwardness - he didn’t need additional reasons. When he came back down to the kitchen, he got an approving nod from Leia, followed by a: “You need to get a haircut soon. Your hair is getting too long.” Promising to make an appointment as soon as possible, Ben finally got started on his breakfast. He could feel the disapproval radiating from Han as he sat down as well - his father didn’t regard a cup of yoghurt as proper anything, much less proper breakfast food - but he didn’t say anything. There was no point, really. This was the most Ben could manage to ingest in the mornings now - if he tried anything heavier than that he’d either be really sick, or have the worst stomach ache for the rest of the day. But he still couldn’t take the Lithium without food in his belly, so here he was - slowly making his way through a meal designed for kids, trying to trick his body into accepting it. He’d drunk nearly the whole water bottle by the time he was finished, and most of the coffee still remained in the mug. He’d have to wait with that until he got to work. “Oh, uhm, I’m not gonna be home for dinner tonight,” he said, heart beating hard and fast in his chest - preparing for the inevitable questioning. “There’s, uhm, a little after work thing planned. I said I’d go, so. Yeah. Sorry I didn’t tell you sooner - I kinda forgot.” “You can’t honestly be planning to go out drinking on a weeknight!” Leia looked shocked and appalled. “And with your meds! Ben, you know you can’t have alcohol when you’re on Zopiclone!” Ben shrank in his seat, avoiding her gaze as much as he could - Leia had a very powerful stare, and he could feel it burning against his downturned head. “I’m not! I’m just going to hang out a bit with my co-workers. Y-you said I needed to try and make friends. I won’t drink anything, I promise.” “How does going to some dive bar and getting drunk qualify as making friends?” Leia’s voice had that venomous note to it again. Ben felt stupid and small. “Really. I thought we raised you better than that. If your co-workers want to make fools of themselves, then fine. But I really expected better from you.” It went right into his heart like a poisoned knife, it always did. Ben didn’t know how to stop it anymore. Everything just got to him - took root and festered until he broke down, locking himself in the bathroom, or the locker room, trying to fight the panic despite knowing it was futile. He hated himself for being so stupid and weak. No matter what he did, he’d always end up a disappointment, he knew that - it just sucked to be reminded. “You had better not be spending the night with some guy,” Han said, joining in. “You know the rules around here. You want to go out with the team? Fine. I get that, and I can look past it this once. But if I hear one word about you and some guy, you’re out of this house. Understood?” Ben nodded. He had really hoped Han wouldn’t bring that up, it just made everything harder. If no one mentioned it, then Ben could pretend it didn’t exist - but an explicit order not to hook up with anyone? That had the anxiety clawing at his insides. Because there was no ‘after work’ thing with his colleagues. Or, well, they might be going somewhere, but Ben wasn’t ever invited. They barely even spoke to him, and he could hardly blame them - after all, he barely spoke to them either. He just tried to keep his head down and get his job done with as few fuck-ups as possible. This was his last chance, he reminded himself. Still, some tiny little rebellious part of his mind - a part he’d tried his hardest to extinguish - longed for some modicum of freedom and adventure, and tonight he was going to try and find it. It wasn’t the first time, not at all. But it was still a rather rare occurrence for him to have the opportunity, so he had to take it. Consequences be damned, he had to… to feel like whole person for a little. Even if it was just a few hours of dancing and some random, nameless, faceless groping and quick blowjob at the back of a club. He’d long since given up hope of anyone being willing to give him more than that. Again, he didn’t blame them. He knew what a walking disaster area he was, but hope… hope was a goddamned bitch , and Ben really should know better. It was raining when Han dropped him off - they wouldn’t let him drive because of his meds, and apparently public transport was for other people - but Ben liked the rain. It smelled fresh and clean, the chill of it was soothing against his face, and it also kept people from telling him to smile more. He never did understand why people equated sunny weather with the need to smile like idiots all day, but he did his best. Thing was, he didn’t really like his smile - it was too crooked, too full of wonky teeth, too goofy, too… wrong. He never really learned how to smile in a way that didn’t look and feel forced. Smiling was hard. It had been years since he’d last felt an actual urge to - nowadays it was as rehearsed as the polite phrases he spoke to customers; convincing, but fake. It never did pass a closer examination. He hung his jacket on its designated little hook and grabbed a cup of the surprisingly high-quality coffee on his way to his desk. They’d stuck him in a corner, across the open-plan space from pretty much everything, next to one of those god-awful wannabe palm-tree plants, a water-cooler that would randomly start bubbling, and a vent that always blew cold air in his neck. The window was three desks over, and Ben had covered the screen separating his desk from the others on his row with pictures of skies and clouds, some cats, and photos he’d once taken of the Irish countryside while on a trip with Han and Leia. Surround yourself with happy, positive things , his former therapist had said. You’re only as depressed as you let yourself be. You can always choose to be happy . But that therapist had also been the one who insisted on him policing and schooling his emotions at all times, because strong emotional events can cause a mania. Ben. You need to be mindful of this at all times . He’d stopped going. It was worth the verbal gauntlet from his parents to get away from that bit-, woman . His current therapist was content to have him show up every other week to show her that he hadn’t tried to kill himself again since last time - which was as much therapy he felt he could handle nowadays. After ten plus years, there wasn’t much left to talk about, especially not when it was obvious that they didn’t listen anyway. Ben was okay with his desk; he’d had worse workplaces than this, and he wasn’t about to go complaining when he knew even this job was probably too good for him - the unstable, awkward fuck-up of a college drop-out that he was. He mustn’t do anything to jeopardize it, because he was so quickly running out of options it made him want to scream. But it was hard. He was so constantly on edge, trying to function like a normal person while in reality he couldn’t remember a day when he didn’t feel like the tears were just one wrong word away, like that horrible, terrifying, destructive anger wasn’t constantly simmering just beneath the surface, just waiting for a trigger. It was the worst thing in the world never being able to trust himself, and he couldn’t help but feel so tired . He didn’t get much time to think about any of that, though, as every last minute between him signing in on his computer and him finally getting to go on lunch break was occupied by answering phones, filling out forms, running all over the building in all kinds of errands, and solving the ever present technological problems that by now had become as much routine as answering the phone. Everyone in his particular department were fairly convinced the printers were possessed, or at the very least haunted, by some entity with a passion for eating files, because every now and then things would simply not get printed, and no one could figure out why. Occasionally, things would get printed - but on the printers in the sales department, two floors up, at the other end of the building. The IT people had given up, saying that all they could do was to re-send and hope for the best. On days like this, that really didn’t fucking help. Lunch was the same as it always was; Ben sat by himself, trying to finish up his food as quickly as he could so he could go out for a smoke and calm his permanently frazzled nerves a bit before the afternoon madness began. He should really cut down a bit on the smoking, but for now he couldn’t really bring himself to - these little smoke breaks were very often the only thing standing between him and a meltdown. And this afternoon he’d been roped in to take notes in a meeting with a high-end client - something which always made him extremely nervous. It wasn’t exactly a talent of his, and he could usually worm his way out of it, but today they were a few people short, and no one else had time to do it. The problem was that he worried so much about getting everything right and not misunderstanding something or forget to write something down - and unfortunately some clients thought he came across as intimidating and grouchy when in reality he was just focusing so hard he forgot to school his expression. He briefly considered taking an Atarax, but he didn’t have that many left, and he’d forgotten to get his prescription renewed, so he decided against it. He didn’t want to waste them in case he needed them later. --- The club, Eden , was already filling up with people when Ben got there a little bit after seven in the evening. He’d taken the opportunity to catch up on some things he’d never gotten around to do the day before while he waited for the clock to reach a more acceptable time. Being that guy that hung around outside a club while waiting for it to open felt way too pathetic, even for him. Besides, if anyone saw him and told Han or Leia, Ben would up shit-creek for real. He knew they rarely made empty threats, and, if he was to be completely honest with himself, it was some sort of miracle that they hadn’t thrown him out yet. After all, his only real talent seemed to be fucking up in ever new and spectacular ways. Then again, they were fairly convinced he completely lacked any ability to take care of himself, after what had happened when he was in college. That was one mess he’d rather not think too much about. It was bad enough that he still had the scars. As he sat down on one of the white leather barstools, he took the opportunity to look around to see who else was there tonight. There were some guys, Ben never really remembered their names, that were usually always game for a quick hook-up - but there were also the other guys, the ones Ben had learned to stay away from. Tonight, there seemed to be a fairly even mix of both those categories, but also a lot of new faces. He really needed to find a way to get out more often. How long ago was it now? Six months? Seven? It was probably useless trying to establish that since his perpetually foggy brain really struggled with the concept of time - something which Han always found endlessly frustrating. The bartender, a cheerful man in his late forties, came over to where Ben was seated - polishing his glasses on the hem of his shirt. “Well, hello there,” he smiled. “Haven’t seen you around in ages. What can I get you?” “Just a Coke for now,” Ben said, a small smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. It felt nice to be recognized. It made him feel a bit more like an actual person. “Regular, if that’s okay, and no ice, please.” “Of course!” The bartender quickly poured him his glass, setting it down onto the counter and sitting down on a barstool. “Gotta sit down while I still can,” he grinned. “God knows I’m not twenty anymore. So what’s up with you? You’re looking a bit down, you know.” Ben shrugged. He knew the man only asked because it was his job, and even if he’d actually given a damn it wasn’t really something Ben felt like burdening anyone with. “Just… life in general, I guess,” he said, hoping the smile came out looking natural and not like he was planning to bite his head off. “Work’s been pretty hectic lately - you know how it is.” “Do I ever!” The bartender gave a hearty laugh, patting him on the shoulder. Ben managed to keep himself from flinching - physical contact of this kind was something he struggled with. “But at least you’ve got a job to go to! That’s a fucking blessing in this day and age!” Ben couldn’t help but agree with that - and as much as he sometimes hated his job, he was grateful for having one in the first place. Being unemployed did things to his head after a while, bad things. It was in a lot of ways easier to get by when he had too much to think about and do to really be able to pay any attention to what he was feeling. His therapist said it was unhealthy, and that he was teetering very close to the edge of burning himself out - but Ben elected to ignore her, because he knew that while she was right, he couldn’t really afford to think too far ahead. He could barely plan a full week without the aid of several different calendars, sticky notes, and notifications on his phone and computer - how the hell was he supposed to manage months or even years? They chatted for a little while, until three rather large groups of people came in and demanded attention all at once. Ben didn’t mind - he was useless at small talk, and right now he just wanted to be left alone to scan the place for suitable guys to start talking to. If he was lucky, they’d come to him first, though, which would save him the horror of having to face rejection after he finally managed to pull himself together enough to actually initiate something. After a few hours of idle chatting with various other people and doodling on the napkins, Ben had finally managed to relax a little. He still kept himself away from the alcohol, not wanting to risk anything - he still had to take his Zopiclone when he got home, after all. There would be hell to pay tomorrow if it went wrong, so even though he’d really like a beer or a cider, sticking with Coke felt like the best option. He’d noticed a guy sitting by a corner table and quite obviously enjoying the view of Ben at the bar. The guy wasn’t bad looking - a bit older than Ben, that was for sure, but with a nice face, some silver streaks in his hair, and very nice clothes. Deciding to be brave, Ben shot him a smile, raising his glass in a little toast. The guy grinned in response and wasted no time waving for him to come over to his table, and after a steadying breath and ordering another Coke, Ben did just that. Sinking down into the plush sofa next to the guy, he tried not blush under the intense gaze. “Hey there, gorgeous,” the man said. “I’m Nick.” “Ben,” Ben said, giving a small smile. “Ben, huh? Short for Benjamin?” Ben shook his head. “Benedetto.” “Benedetto?” Nick seemed to roll the name around in his mouth like a fine wine. Then he grinned again, something playful glinting in his eyes. “I like it. Well, Ben, tell me - how the hell is someone as cute as you not here with anyone?” Ben shrugged. He hated these conversations, this talking around the subject forever - they both knew why they were here, so why couldn’t they just get on with it? “I, uhm, I don’t really do relationships,” he said. “I prefer to have my freedom.” It was a blatant lie, but he’d stuck with it for years now - hoping that one day he’d say it and it wouldn’t burn like acid on his tongue. They talked for a little, Nick constantly smiling at him, touching his hands, his thigh, caressing his cheeks and hair - he’d even managed to coax Ben into having a beer, saying “it’s just one beer, what harm can it do?”. Eventually Ben had to go to the bathroom, and by the time he came back he’d decided it wasn’t really worth it. Something felt a little off about that guy - there was something in his eyes that didn’t match up with the rest, and Ben preferred not to stick around to find out what that was. However, when he’d come back to the table, Nick pulled him into another conversation - completely ignoring Ben’s attempts to cut things off, and then after a while he started feeling a bit… odd. He felt woozy, the world seemed to blur at the edges, and his body felt heavy, uncoordinated. He couldn’t seem to make it move properly, couldn’t get to his feet and leave - it was as if his brain couldn’t connect to his limbs, or, for that matter, with itself. Everything was fuzzy, distorted - all the voices sounded like they came from somewhere far away, like he was hearing them through some metal can or something. A part of him, the part of his mind that still had some modicum of coherence left, realized just what the problem was. That rat bastard next to him had slipped something in that beer he got him, and now it was taking effect. Ben knew he had to get out of there, but it seemed nearly impossible to maneuver himself away from the sofa and out of the club. He managed, finally, to get himself standing, but nearly fell face first to the floor - would have, if that kind, decent human that was the bartender hadn’t been walking by at that exact moment; on his way back from a smoke break from the looks of it. He caught Ben by the shoulder, pulling him into a close grip to keep him steady, and carefully looked him over. “Hey, are you okay, kid?” he asked. Ben shook his head, trying to get the words out that no, he was most definitely not okay. “Don’t worry. Let me help you. Lean on me, that’s it.” “He’s just had a bit too much to drink,” Nick said, getting on his feet as well. “Give him here, and I’ll get him home.” “This kid doesn’t drink,” the bartender retorted. “He’s had five cokes tonight - and only one beer. That you got for him. So fuck off, you creep, before I call the police on your ass.” “What did I do?” “Honestly, dude, you don’t think I know when someone’s been roofied? I‘ve been working the bar for twenty damn years. I know what it looks like. Now get the fuck out of my bar, or you’re gonna be sorry!” With that, he lead Ben very gently to the back room, talking soothingly to him the entire time as he helped him lie down on the couch in the small staff room before going to fetch him a glass of water and telling security to deal with the asshole who put him in this state. Ben accepted the glass gratefully, though he could barely hold it properly and had to let the bartender help him drink. It felt like he might start crying any moment - the helplessness and shame completely overwhelming - and all he wanted was to crawl under his covers and stay there for a year, or four. “Hey, kid,” the bartender said, shaking him gently to keep him from passing out. “I’m gonna reach for your phone, okay? I’m gonna call someone to come pick you up. Okay? I’m not going to touch you in any way.” Ben really did want to protest, because the only ones to call were Han and Leia, and if he did… Ben was in a load of trouble. And that was putting it mildly. But he couldn’t make himself speak. His tongue felt like a dead weight in his mouth, like it had suddenly doubled in size, and he just couldn’t get the words out as the older man reached into his pocket and got his phone out. It was becoming increasingly hard to stay awake, and he was only vaguely aware of the other man getting up and pacing the space as he waited for whichever parent he’d tried first to pick up. It could have been five minutes or two hours, Ben really couldn’t tell, when he heard the tell tale heavy steps of Han approaching the room he was in. for some reason, the man walked as if he needed everyone to know he was there. The bartender was explaining something to him, something that sounded like assurances that Ben wasn’t drunk, that is wasn’t his fault. Bless the man’s heart, but Ben knew neither Han or Leia would give a shit. Together, Han and the bartender got Ben to his feet, and Han half carried, half dragged him out through the back exit and into the car. As he was placed in the back seat, unable to even make himself sit upright, Ben could make out little fragments of the conversation between the two older men - Han’s “people persona” in full gear, as he assured the bartender that it’d be alright and he was glad he’d called so they could come get Ben instead of him ending up in some gutter. Ben had always wished he’d be able to construct a persona like that, too. It would make everything so much easier if he could just act like he didn’t want to crawl out of his skin any time he was in public. The car ride home was silent, Han’s eyes were fixed on the road, and Ben clung to what little consciousness he still had - enough, apparently to pick up on the tension in the air between them. He didn’t even have to look at Han to know the set of his jaw, the narrowed eyes or the way he gripped the steering wheel with more strength than what was frankly necessary - even in his dazed state Ben could feel the anger radiating off of him in waves. As soon as they were inside, shit hit the fan. Han launched himself into what was probably the worst tirade on the topic of Ben’s shortcomings he’d heard since he was last hospitalized a year ago. The list seemed absolutely endless, and Han’s voice kept rising in volume, and then Leia - of course - joined in. She didn’t yell, however. No, Leia almost never raised her voice - she didn’t have to. She could coat her words with more venom than the Earth’s entire population of rattlesnakes could produce, and Ben couldn’t even try to defend himself. All he could do was let them lead him to his bedroom, get him out of his clothes and into bed - all of it with his mother’s passive aggressive monologue loud in his ears. The last thing he managed to register before finally losing consciousness, was Han informing him that they were done with him and his constant fuck-ups. They had had enough, and Ben left them no choice but to take drastic measures to ensure the message got across. --- The next morning - well after ten am - Ben finally managed to wake up again. He felt absolutely horrible, with a sharp headache pounding away at this temples, lead bars for limbs, and the usual nausea swirling around in the pit of his stomach. Logically, he shouldn’t feel this nauseous since he hadn’t taken his Lithium the night before, but for some reason he just couldn’t stop feeling like has going to be sick for real. And sure as hell, he was. He barely made it to the bathroom, throwing up everything in his stomach - mainly acid at this point - before staggering back to his bed, and as he sat down he noticed his large duffle bag leaning against the foot of his bed. It had been packed, Ben realized. So, it really was happening this time. They were actually throwing him out. He’d been threatened with this so many times now that he’d almost started believing the day would never come. Almost. But he had to admit to himself that he had expected to be surprised, shocked even, possibly a little panicky - but all he could feel was a sort of empty resignation. There wasn’t anything he could do to change their mind, he knew that, so he wouldn’t even try. He’d been picturing every possible and impossible scenario for so many years now that he was fairly prepared, all things considered. He knew the addresses of a few shelters, he had a membership at the YMCA, and he had always been very careful with his money - so he should be alright, at least for a little while. The biggest issue was going to be his meds. With so much more money going to food and trying to get around, there would be a lot less money for his long-ass list of prescriptions. He sighed. One problem at a time. He should have enough of at least the Lithium to last him another week or so. But when they were out, they were out - because no way in hell was he going to be able to afford seeing his psychiatrist. With a heavy heart, he got to his feet and got dressed in the things he’d worn the day before - it was the only set of clothes not packed, and at least someone had aired them out so they didn’t smell of alcohol and smoke from the bar. The house was very quiet, not in the ‘empty house’ way, but in the ‘someone is waiting for me downstairs’ type of way, and Ben knew he might as well get it over with. The longer he waited, the worse it would inevitably get - especially if it was Leia waiting for him. First, though, he had to rush back to the bathroom and throw up again. The acid burned his mouth, and once his stomach had ceased its dry heaving, he pulled himself back onto his feet and rinsed his mouth thoroughly with water and some of Han’s super strong tooth paste - his own wasn’t there, so he figured they’d really made sure to pack everything to really drive home the point that he was no longer a part of this household. Funny really, how little things like that could speak so loudly. He felt about as strong as a newly hatched chicken, but none the less he grabbed his bag and carried it with him downstairs - all of his worldly possessions fitting into a single worn old duffle bag, and if that wasn’t absolutely pitiful he didn’t know what was. He none the less set down it by the door before entering the kitchen - and sure enough, Leia was sitting by the table, eyes cold, mouth curled in contempt. “I want you to give me your keys,” she said. “Your father and I have had enough of you and your ungratefulness. We’ve cleaned up your messes for so many years now, it’s enough. I am so incredibly disappointed in you, Ben. We’ve given you a thousand chances; private school when your first one didn’t work, good college - everything. And what do you do? Huh? You drop out of college, you can’t keep a job, and you can’t even abide by the rules of this house - where you didn’t even have to pay rent, mind you - and frankly, I struggle to understand how something like you came out of me. Your father is right, you really are too much like your grandfather - and look where he ended up, Ben! On the street, just like you now. All because he couldn’t get a grip on himself and behave like a normal person. Artist!” Leia snorted. “Lazy, selfish, and immature, is more like it. And here we are now, and you couldn’t be more alike, you and him. The same weak mind, the same selfishness, the same lack of drive. Well, not under my roof. Not anymore. Your keys. Then you can leave. Your life is now your own mess to handle. I’m done.” Ben, who knew better than to interrupt Leia when she went on a rant, simply let her carry on until she was out of steam. Swallowing back the tears that threatened to break out, and curling on himself, Ben waited for her to finish. Then he silently unhooked the house keys from his little chain and put them on the table. Suddenly there was no air in there, he had to get out of this house - right now . He had to leave before he broke down, couldn’t afford to give her that victory. If there was one thing he’d learned during his twenty-five years of life it was that Leia was like a dog with a bone - once she’d gotten a grip, she would keep chewing until there was nothing left. The more Ben struggled the worse it got - but nothing was worse than when he broke down, when she had evidence right there in front of her that she’d won, that she was right, that Ben couldn’t even handle “a little criticism”. Any time he did, she told him he was so much like that sorry excuse she’d had for a father, so much like that man who couldn’t even take care of himself after he came home from the war, and eventually ended up on the street - wheelchair and all - and they hadn’t seen him again until his funeral. Any time Ben reacted too strongly in her opinion, she pulled the ‘grandfather’ card, and the game was over. Being like his grandfather was the worst crime Ben could possibly commit, and the problem was that he didn’t know to prevent it! The criteria seemed to change with every situation, until the only thing Ben could be certain of was that he could never do right - because how can you play by the rules when your mere existence seems to go against them? Still silent, he turned around, got back out into the hallway and put his shoes and jacket on. He didn’t even bother to take one last look around before hoisting his duffle bag over his shoulder and stepping out the front door. The click as it closed behind him, followed embarrassingly soon by the sound of the lock turning, all sounded very final. Ben made it all the way to his old hideout in the alleyway behind the nearby convenience store before his legs gave out and he sank down on some empty wooden crates and cried. This was it. Ben’s life was now officially falling apart. Notes: Important Notice: Ben's mental illness are based to a large extent on Loke's own, therefore they may not ring true for every reader. Also, yes Han and Leia are being psychologically and emotionally abusive to Ben, which may not be apparent to everyone - that is the point. This type of abuse is often difficult to see for people who have not themselves experienced it. Once again, come poke either of us on tumblr (ficlet-machine or thegoodlannister) if you want to hear more. Chapter 3 Notes: Trigger warning: blood. (This one's pretty safe, guys.) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It had taken PR two weeks to secure the interview with Esquire - which wasn’t long at all, Hux supposed, given the status of the publication. He may not have been used to waiting for things anymore, but he’d had his share of practice. Hux had spent all the years of his adolescence counting the days until he could be out of his father’s house and on his own, had then spent all the years of his education imagining that illustrious future where he wouldn’t have to accept a dime of the man’s money, could live life on his own terms, without the constant spectre of judgement that would always always always find him wanting hanging over his shoulder. So while PR had fretted that Hux was being too complacent, had hounded him to take more immediate action if he cared for his reputation at all, Hux was content to let things settle. Business at Imperial Marketing would be conducted as usual, until such time when Hux decided otherwise; there was work for him to do here that had nothing to do with the kind of ass-kissing PR should have known better than to expect of him. Hux hadn’t been above begging when he’d been new to the business world - pride was the downfall of fools, he knew, had witnessed firsthand how pride had blinded his father to his own shortcomings - but he’d be damned if he’d prostrate himself in front of hypocrites who thought they had any right to judge him. Especially when there had been publications clamoring for his story since Imperial Marketing had first burst onto the scene. He’d written the initial email to Esquire himself because he couldn’t trust PR not to make the whole thing look like a favor to him. Really, he’d explained, it was he who was extending an opportunity to them; because recent developments being what they were, he was ready to finally make public the details of his life, his relationship with his father, his apparent lack of philanthropy, everything. While Esquire had never approached him for an interview, many other publications had - any number of which he could contact right now to make good on their offer. But he wanted to offer this once-in-a-lifetime chance to a publication in good standing, and for that, he had chosen Esquire, because of their prestigious reputation, of course. (A nagging voice in the back of his head had reminded him that he had better hope Esquire didn’t employ anyone in publishing who enjoyed poetry and went by the name of Richard, but he chose to studiously ignore that.) In reality, Hux had never read a word contained in Esquire ’s pages; even the cover of the magazine, with its highly glossed photos that spoke of cheap pretension, turned his stomach a little. A list of emails to other publications sat in wait in his contacts, in the event that Esquire ’s publisher made the mistake of denying him - something PR had urged him to act on after the first week of silence. But in the end, Esquire had taken the bait, and according to the alert on his phone, the journalist they’d chosen to send to him had checked in at the desk in the lobby just a few moments ago. Hux stood up from his desk and strode to the full-length mirror that hung on the back of his office door, inspecting himself critically. He’d chosen a charcoal grey suit, well-suited to the long line of his legs. His tie was a pale pink - a bold choice, but one that his friends at his favorite menswear shop had wholeheartedly approved of. Freesman Sporting Club was, in Hux’s opinion, the finest place to buy a suit in the whole damn city. He’d discovered it years ago, when he’d had to pinch every penny for months in order to afford even a pair of their cufflinks - but the manager there, Thannison, had taken a liking to him from the moment he stepped through the doors that first day, twenty-something and dressed in a suit he’d put together at Nordstrom Rack. The man had immediately seen Hux’ eye for style, had appreciated what he’d been able to put together on what was, in the corporate world, a shoestring budget, and had taken Hux under his wing then and there. Over the years, Thannison had become something of Hux’ personal stylist - he took note of things he thought would catch Hux’ eye and alerted him when garments in his favorite colors and patterns came into the shop, setting them aside in Hux’ size. So when he’d held up the pastel tie and asked the man to tell him, honestly, if it was too much, Hux had taken his word for it. Hux was a bold man, Thannison said, and a bold man made bold styling choices. Now, he adjusted the tie, his fingers moving through the knot deftly, from years of practice. The full-windsor knot was his favorite - it spoke of a man who knew what he was doing, who took the time to complete things - and the focus tying it required helped him to ignore the tightness that had settled in his stomach. It wasn’t nerves, exactly - he’d been planning what he would say down to the last word for the past fourteen days, could have repeated it in his sleep - but Esquire was sending a photographer too, and their email had asked him to be prepared to pose for a “casual” photoshoot in his office. They wanted him in his element. That meant there was every chance his would be the cover story, and it would be Hux’ face looking on from newsstands on that glossy cover. With that in mind, Hux took his phone from his suit jacket and snapped a photo of himself in the mirror, a serious look on his face. He debated over sending it to Phasma for a second - she’d been pissy since he’d stood Richard up and was only responding to texts that didn’t have to do with work half the time - but she knew today was the interview. Hux hoped that was enough to inspire her to go easy on him, so he took his chances and sent it over with the caption: Appropriately unfeeling? Her reply was curt, but probably more encouraging than he deserved. Appropriately you, at least. He was just tucking his phone back into his pocket when it vibrated again. Stop primping in front of the mirror. You’re going to knock them dead. So if Phasma hadn’t forgiven him entirely, she was at least on her way there; the thought eased the feeling in his stomach so that he didn’t regret the croissant he’d eaten that morning on the ride into work quite so much. Maybe he wouldn’t knock them dead, but if he looked as good as he did in a damn selfie taken on an iPhone, he’d at least earn points in the hot asshole category. By the time Mitaka’s voice came over the intercom to tell him the journalist and his photographer were entering, Hux was seated comfortably at his desk. He had one leg crossed over the other with a hand around his ankle, his other elbow planted on the arm of his chair, the picture of casual confidence. He didn’t get up when the two of them entered; instead, he offered them his most winning smile and nodded to indicate that they should sit as well. “Welcome to Imperial Marketing,” Hux said, leaning forward in his chair, projecting engagement from the start, though he didn’t move his hand from his ankle or straighten his posture. “I hope you found a warm reception in the lobby. Everyone here has been highly anticipating your arrival, and I gave strict instructions that you were to be treated with utmost standard of care.” Hux was proud of his delivery; the words hadn’t come out sounding rehearsed at all. There was no way they’d be able to tell that he’d delivered that speech approximately 25 times in his bathroom that morning. He took a pen in his fingers and twirled it between them, focusing on the Imperial Marketing logo stamped on the side. He’d already known the journalist would be a man - his name, Edwards or something like it, had been detailed in the email Hux received - and he came armed with the thinnest laptop Hux had ever seen, as well as a standard notepad of paper, spiral bound. Interesting, Hux thought - he hadn’t believed that journalists still used those. The thing seemed more like a prop out of a movie than something journalists actually carried. What was the point, technology being what it was? Then again, maybe that was why the man carried it - out of some sentiment for the romance of his career. Hux could appreciate that, and he wordlessly moved a stack of papers from the corner of his desk to allow the man space to effectively set up shop. “Mr. Hux, it truly is a pleasure.” The journalist smiled back at him, extending a hand for him to shake - which Hux took, firmly - before accepting Hux’ silent invitation and setting his laptop on the edge of his desk. He had a pen behind his ear, Hux noted, as well as a good handshake. “Please, call me Ethan,” Hux corrected, hoping he wouldn’t sound like he was forcing the words out from between his teeth. He preferred his last name to his first - had never before instructed anyone to call him Ethan in his damn life - but according to Phasma, inviting someone to use your first name created a sense of familiarity. (Which, Hux supposed, was probably why he wasn’t privy to that knowledge - there wasn’t much of anyone he wanted to be on familiar terms with.) “Ethan,” the man agreed, looking like he’d already unlocked some kind of prize. It turned out Hux had been correct - his name was Edwards, and he introduced his photographer as well, whose name Hux forgot immediately. She was a pretty girl, with an absurdly large camera slung around her neck, and a sense of style that really had no place in an office building, and she began snapping photos of his office without asking for permission while the interview started in earnest. This set Hux’ teeth on edge, watching her move his things - situating them “for better composition,” she said, or placing them in “more flattering lighting.” He appreciated the artistry, but he allowed very few people in his office - it was second only to his penthouse when it came to privacy, and no one was allowed there. “Where to start… you’re a mystery, Ethan .” Edwards’ voice caught on his name, drawing it out; clearly the man was eager to use it, which was almost enough to make Hux want to take back the permission to do so. “This is the first interview you’ve offered, isn’t it, since opening your firm?” Hux nodded at that, and turned his chair to rummage through his wine chiller. Perhaps it was rude to turn away while the man continued, but his photographer had a glass bauble Phasma had bought him when he first moved into this office balanced in one hand and was flipping through the book it had been sitting on with the other. He needed a drink, or there was no way he would survive this interview without offending the entire staff of Esquire, as well as their parents and grandparents too. “So whatever I ask you, it’s going to be the first time anyone’s heard the answer,” Edwards continued, and flipped open his notepad, pulling his pen out from behind his ear and waving away Hux’ offer to pour him a glass of Pinot as well. “I suppose that begs the question: Why now, Ethan? Publications have been begging you for years to open up, and yet you reach out to us, after nearly a decade of silence. What’s changed?” It was a question Hux had been expecting, but he made a show of thinking it over as he poured his wine. “Nothing’s changed, I suppose,” Hux lied smoothly - and they both knew he was lying, just as they also both knew Edwards wouldn’t call him on it. “It just… felt like the right time, you know?” Edwards nodded knowingly, like he understood a damn thing about Hux’s life. The man was as good at playing this game as he was. “I’m 33 years old - I’m not getting any younger. I’ve already made my mark. What use do I have for secrecy? I’ve nothing to hide, and it’s only right that I pay it forward, as it were. Let other young business men and women in on my story; maybe there’s something they can take from it.” He set his wineglass down on the desk and shut his own laptop, spreading his hands wide. Hux knew enough about the effective use of body language that he recognized how important it was that he make himself appear open. “So ask me what you will - all your burning questions. I’m an open book.” Edwards scribbled something in his notebook, and Hux resisted the urge to lean over and try to catch a glimpse of what he was writing. Probably describing the way Hux held himself, or the state of the room - something superfluous, like the fact that Hux held his wineglass between his thumb and forefinger, or how the afternoon sun shone on the chrome of Hux’ desklamp. He’d read enough of these articles to know journalists liked to do that. “You spoke of your age,” Edwards noted, when he’d finished writing. “And I don’t blame you. It’s worth noting that you’re rather young to find yourself in this position, aren’t you? There aren’t many men in New York who can claim to have founded their own successful marketing firm by 33. Let alone by -” He trailed off, tilting his head. “How old were you when you had the idea for Imperial Marketing?” “When the idea first came to me? Probably around 12,” Hux joked. He played charming well, and he let out a self-deprecating chuckle. “Of course there aren’t many investors willing to bank on an adolescent. So I had to put off the whole thing until the rest of the world was ready for me. I imagine I first truly entertained the idea of opening my own firm around 26? I was working as the COO of another firm, and I could see that there were so many aspects of the company that weren’t working. And they weren’t willing to give me the the creative control I needed to make them work. It was difficult, going to the office everyday and seeing all the little ways we were failing - being unable to do anything to remedy it.” Hux took a sip of his wine and scratched his beard - he’d been growing it out for the past couple of months, and he still wasn’t sure how much he liked himself with facial hair. The short-cropped beard wasn’t as itchy as it had been when he’d first started growing it, but it still didn’t feel entirely him. “It wasn’t easy, getting my colleagues to take the idea seriously, at first. I needed investors, of course - you can’t get any company off the ground without them - and there were a lot of questions about whether I had the necessary experience. I’d only been in the industry for a few years at that point, and I was trying to make my case to people two or three times my age. But the one thing I’ve always had going for me is my inability to take no for an answer. I would have knocked on the door of every investor in the city before I’d have given up and settled for what I’d been doing.” When Hux finished, Edwards was smirking at him like he knew something Hux didn’t, and Hux felt himself bristle in response, straightening his suit jacket. He didn’t actually believe the journalist capable of pulling one over on him, but it rankled that Edwards believed it. “But you wouldn’t have had to,” Edwards pointed out, as he tapped his pen against the glass surface of Hux’ desk. “You had your father, of course. Brendol Hux is a behemoth in the software industry. Let’s not pretend you started from nothing - he must have had something to do with your success. It’s not like he would have left his only son to beg for pennies from investors when he could have bankrolled the first three years of your firm’s operation without his pocketbook even taking note.” Hux leaned forward in his chair, the leather squeaking with the sudden movement, as he uncrossed his legs, planting his feet firmly on the floor. He was in Edwards’ space now, and he placed both elbows on the table, regarding the man seriously. He’d practiced for this question, had known he wouldn’t escape the interview without answering it, but that did nothing to assuage the anger that rose in his chest. His pulse was leaping in his wrist, keeping time with clock on the wall, and Hux forced himself to breathe before answering. He couldn’t bite the man’s head off - he couldn’t - no matter how much the asshole deserved it. How dare he even suggest that Hux hadn’t clawed his way to where he was on his own, that he hadn’t scrabbled for every shred of respect he was met with in the industry, that anything he’d earned wasn’t his due, hard-fought and won with only himself - and later Phasma - at his side? “My fath - ” he cut himself off, shaking his head. His anger was making him careless; already he’d fudged the script he planned to use, and Hux surreptitiously crumpled a budget report from finance in his palm, willing himself to find his center. “Brendol Hux has never and will never invest a dime of his money into Imperial Marketing. You can pull the investment records if you don’t believe me - they’re already public. We’re very transparent here.” Eyes blazing, he held Edwards’ gaze, daring him to take him up on the offer. “Or you can do your own digging, if you’d rather. But I can promise you that, while there are a number of investors responsible for the founding of this firm, Brendol isn’t one of them.” Edwards gulped, his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he shook his head. “No, no, that won’t be necessary, Ethan. I didn’t mean to offend; of course your successes are your own. But you must understand; with your age, and your family name being what it is, everyone assumed - “ Hux held up a hand to stop him. “Well, what everyone assumed was incorrect then,” he said. “That should come as no surprise. A journalist like yourself should recognize that, in most cases, what is highly regarded as true turns out not to be at all. Rumors rely on people stupid enough to believe them. Men like us, we’re here to fish out the truth, no matter how unsightly or boring it may be, aren’t we?” That part hadn’t been scripted, and if he was honest with himself, had probably been more bold than was wise, but damn if it hadn’t felt good to watch Edwards flounder as he’d laid into him. He appraised the fine sheen of sweat along Edwards’ temple and held out a handkerchief to him, obliging, polite, letting the man figure out for himself just how apparent it was that Hux had left him unsettled. Hux had the upper hand in this conversation, and oh how sweet it was; the least he could do was be a gentleman about it. Subdued now, Edwards accepted the handkerchief and dabbed at his brow lightly. “Of course,” he agreed, still sounding unsure, like he was half-expecting Hux to throw him out on his ear. Hux understood his sudden bout of apprehension; however long he’d held his current position at Esquire, it wasn’t likely he’d hold it much longer if he managed to lose this interview. “Of course that’s what we’re here for. Though I’ve no fear your story will bore anyone, Ethan.” Hux wasn’t sure about that, the rest of the interview continuing without incident; he answered questions about how he’d chosen the name for his firm, what he liked to do with his time when he wasn’t running the company, whether he felt any affinity for his alma maters. Nothing of substance, but things that would make readers feel they’d gotten to know him a little, when paired with the carefully lit photos the photographer took throughout. When Edwards turned his attention to the charity gala Hux had avoided, she twisted the lens to zoom in on Hux’ face, and he struggled to school his countenance into a natural expression, one he would wear if he wasn’t on camera. He side-stepped that question deftly enough, giving the name of the charity with confidence and citing his private nature as the reason for his absence. No one could fault him for that, especially as he listed off the 14 charities to whom he’d written checks throughout the year, and Edwards had nodded sympathetically. It wasn’t until the interview was drawing to a close that Hux was hit with a subject he was wholly unprepared for. “So,” Edwards was saying, as he finished recording the greatest piece of business advice Hux had ever been given, “I realize this is an impertinent question, and you’re under no obligation to answer, but you must know there’s been some speculation concerning your personal life. You’re rarely seen with anyone other than your COO; your name has never been linked to another in the papers. Isn’t there someone special at home - or failing that, don’t you at least want there to be?” Suddenly, Hux regretted his choice in wine; he mouth would have dried up even without the effect of the Pinot, and he closed it with a snap. They’d just discussed his private nature, and now Edwards wanted to plaster his sad relationship status all over the pages of Esquire? “You’re one of the most eligible bachelors in New York,” Edwards explained. “Young, handsome, massively successful. Surely you could have anyone you wanted. There must be a thousand woman who would have you, sight unseen.” And here, Edwards leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs and looking at Hux meaningfully. “Or men.” This was said airily, as if there was no weight to the words. “If that’s what you’re looking for.” Hux wasn’t surprised at the rumors regarding his sexuality - they’d been circulating for years, as far back as that first article in the Wall Street Journal, and it wasn’t as if he’d done anything to stop them. Any time a man reached a certain age and appeared to be unattached, especially if he happened to have an affinity for fine things and the color pink, there was bound to be speculation. He’d been answering questions about his sexuality all his life, and while he was private, he certainly wasn’t ashamed . Back in his college days, he’d once answered a rather rude inquiry at a party held in his dormitory’s common room by kissing another boy full on the mouth and watching as he sputtered in shock, his face going pink. (Hux had been blushing too, but alcohol had always made him flushed, especially back in those days, so he’d been able to hide it better.) He’d dated that boy for two months after, until his father had found out and threatened to cut off his funding. It was one of the better memories of his life, and even now, as caught off-guard by the question as he was, it made him smile to look back on it. His refusal to hide what was, in his opinion, a completely natural affection for other boys had been a thorn in his father’s side since Hux had been old enough to declare a preference - the only difference was that now, Hux found himself in a position where his father could no longer make his life a living hell over it. “We’ve already discussed my private nature,” Hux said, leaning back to mirror Edwards’ posture as he tried to ignore the sweat gathering on his palms. “I fail to see why it should come as any surprise that I’m not eager to make my dating life public. If I were to seek out romantic companionship, no one would know about it - I can assure you of that much. The truth of the matter is that I’m a busy man; time is a precious commodity in my world, and while it would be… pleasant to have someone with whom I could spend my time, the process of finding that someone requires a dedication to the search that I’m simply not capable of, in my current situation. Anyway, I’m hardly horrendously lonely, or anything like that - I don’t have the time to be. And you’ve already mentioned Phasma; she’s as much of a companion as I can manage.” He chuckled genuinely, hoping they would publish that part; Phasma would shit herself if she saw her name in Esquire. “I suppose,” he mused after a moment, speaking mostly to himself now, “were the right man to come along, I’d make the time - or that’s what I’ve been told, at least. But unless he’s going to come wandering through the doors of Imperial Marketing and throw himself in my path, I’m afraid that’s not going to happen anytime soon.” Edwards joined in his laughter. “You’re right, if that’s all the effort you’re willing to put in, I’m afraid you’re going to die alone, Ethan,” he said, and Hux noted how casually the man let slide the fact that Hux had just outed himself, now that he had the information he had been fishing for. It that wasn’t enough to sell a few copies of this issue of Esquire, Hux wasn’t sure what would be, and he stood up from his desk, cracking the kinks out of his back as he did so. He’d wasted more than enough of his afternoon spilling details of his life he’d rather keep private; maybe Edwards didn’t have other pressing engagements today, but Hux did. “Good thing I’ve never minded being alone, then,” he said, the tone of his voice indicating that the interview was over, whether the journalist thought it was or not. “People are messy, and I don’t like mess.” After that it was a simple matter of allowing the photographer to snap a few pictures of him lounging against the front of his desk, ass sat just on the edge of it and his arms crossed over his chest, the backdrop of the city framing him. It didn’t take someone trained in the art to realize it would make a stunning photograph; it was late afternoon by now, and the sun was just peaking out from the skyline to illuminate Hux from behind. His complexion and hair had always favored this type of lighting, and he reflected on his final words in the interview as he focused on not looking directly at the camera, but somewhere beyond it, as the photographer had instructed. The words were true enough, he thought. Other than Phasma - and Thannison on the occasions that he invited Hux to come into the shop either before or after closing, so they could inspect racks of sport jackets and silken ties without interruption - there was not another person on earth whose company he preferred to his own. He sometimes wondered what it would be like, to have someone to come home to - but just as quickly, he imagined that same someone forgetting to take their shoes off at the door, and marring the one of a kind ivory Karastan carpeting he’d had installed in his foyer with their footprints. He wasn’t sure any relationship would survive that - he and that carpeting had been on good terms for three years, after all, since he’d had it installed upon purchasing his penthouse. That was the kind of commitment Hux valued. He was thankful he’d had the presence of mind not to have said these things to Edwards, as he escorted the journalist and his photographer to the elevator, and then down to the ground floor. While he didn’t mind appearing a little cold, just this side of aloof, it wouldn’t do to paint himself a hermit. Maybe Phasma was right, if he was starting to think like that - he really needed to get out more. Edwards was gracious as Hux bid him goodbye, taking Hux’s hand in that same, firm grip - that hadn’t changed now that he knew of Hux’ sexality, and Hux chastised himself internally for feeling appreciative of that fact, even now. “It was truly a pleasure,” the man said, and Hux wondered if he meant that, or if he was thinking of the pleasure it would undoubtedly be when this article started reeling in awards in journalism. “Likewise,” Hux agreed, pulling one of his cards - laminated, with rose gold leafing around the edges, Phasma be damned - out of his jacket pocket. “If you think of anything I’ve failed to cover adequately in our hour together, don’t hesitate to reach out to my assistant. Mitaka will ensure you’ve got everything you need.” Perhaps it would have been more polite to give Edwards his direct line, but Hux didn’t wish to establish too much of a rapport with him, lest he blur the lines between personal and professional. With the interview over, he quite hoped to never speak to the man again - and it was with a heartfelt sigh of relief that Hux watched Edwards depart out the rotating glass door. Perhaps now, finally, things could get back to normal; they could put this whole fiasco behind them, and Hux would no longer have to assure PR daily that he wasn’t out to slander his firm’s reputation. Hux typically took the elevators directly to his office, avoiding the more high-traffic areas of the building, but today - with the clock coming up on quitting time for everyone who kept a regular schedule - was different. He felt light-on-his feet, like a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders. For weeks the thought of inviting strangers into the corners of his life he would rather keep private had loomed in the future, and with that behind him, he was taken with a sudden desire to take in the day-to-day goings-on of his company. These halls were as much his home as his penthouse, and he didn’t see nearly enough of them. There were entire weeks he went without stepping foot into his administrative division - something he should never have allowed. Imperial Marketing was his - every part of it, from the check-in desk in the lobby to the snack bar on the 28th floor. There wasn’t a foot of it that should have been unfamiliar to him. Locked away as he so often was, it was easy to forget the hustle and bustle that took place down here: printers whirring, churning out the documents that Mitaka would deliver to him, phones ringing incessantly, potential clients making their first point of contact with the firm. Once, this environment had been Hux’ home; he had began his career in marketing in admin, and he had excelled. He had a pleasant phone persona and his own efficiency was rivaled only by Mitaka’s. Being once again “in the fray” as it were, was a good reminder of his roots, of where he had gotten his start - as well as a clever method of scouting for young men and woman within the company who had potential, those he should keep his eye on, who he would take under his wing when the time came for salary review and promotion. There was rarely a need to announce his presence; as soon as he stepped foot onto the floor, a ripple went through Imperial Marketing’s admin division, any conversations that weren’t immediately work-related dying and assistants burying their noses in the reports they were preparing, as if they’d never seen anything more interesting than the proposal in front of them. But today, he had barely rounded the first glass-walled cubicle when he heard at first shuffling. Then shouting, he thought, something breaking perhaps? And was that - was that crying? While Phasma had, on more than one occasion, told him the rigorous expectations he had for his administrative team were fit to make anyone cry, he’d never thought she was serious , and that was enough to quicken Hux’ step - whatever was going on here had no place at Imperial Marketing, and his immediate reaction was stop it, and now, before any further damage could be done to internal and client relations. He’d barely squashed one scandal; the last thing he wanted to do was spend the next two weeks trying to contain a second. The sight he was met with stopped Hux in his tracks, the soles of his shoes skidding on washed concrete as he came to a sudden halt. Last spring, Hux had invested in new desktop computers for his entire team - the finest Apple produced, with all of the most advanced software in the business pre-installed. Each one of them had cost him over $3,000 - an expense he’d been trying to justify to accounting ever since. Three of them were on their sides, the screens cracked - one so badly that a jagged piece of glass had come loose entirely and was shattered on the floor. In a daze, Hux stepped around it - there was no doubt of what he was seeing, but his brain refused to make sense of it. The cost of the damage was significant, even to Hux - to anyone else, it would have been astronomical, well into the tens of thousands of dollars. In an adjacent cubicle, he could see a desk had been overturned, the rolling chair behind it tipped so that it had smashed into the glass of the wall, leaving a hairline crack there as well. Someone had done this. The thought was enough to make Hux’ hands ball into fists, the bluntness of his nails biting into his palms. One of the idiot doormen had been stupid enough to let someone in who would wreck what was his, what he’d worked so tirelessly to build, and there was a dangerous moment where Hux felt a warm, unfamiliar pressure behind his eyes before he blinked it away, his shoe crunching on glass he’d missed. Likely, he thought dully as he wiped a hand over his face, the sole would require repairing too, but that was insignificant amongst the wreckage. Not a single assistant was left at their desk; instead, they were all gathered outside of the doorway of one of the cubicles, spilling out into Hux’ path from the elevators, gawking uselessly. One of the female assistants - Hux recognized her, had seen her in the hallways before, even if they’d never exchanged words - was clutching a phone to her ear, her hand shaking as she attempted to dial. The floor had gone silent, save for the sound of what Hux now recognized unmistakably as harsh sobbing, the source of which was obscured by the gaggle of people currently refusing to get out of his way . “What’s happening here?” Hux’ words shattered the silence, loud in his own ears, and he winced. When no one answered, the girl with the phone in her hand taking it from her ear to clutch it tightly to her chest, Hux advanced on the group, fighting to get a grip on emotions that were running too close to the surface. He was their CEO; he couldn’t be seen losing his cool, even if every part of him screamed to break anything that hadn’t yet been broken. “Someone tell me what the devil is going on,” he demanded, their timidness putting him further on edge. It was a struggle to keep his voice level. “You answer phones for a living, dammit; I know you’re all capable of speech.” That did the trick, and the group parted in his wake, the same girl finally answering him. Her hair had once been slicked back into a bun, it looked like, but it was coming loose, and Hux wondered if she’d been a part of the fray, even if she didn’t look otherwise affected. "Ben - he’s, he’s -” While she stuttered her way toward an explanation, Hux began flipping through names in his mind as he made his way through the crowd, trying to place it, but the name didn’t immediately ring a bell. “He lost it. I don’t know what happened,” she continued, her voice as shaking as hard as her hands had been. “He broke his computer, the desk, I think.” (Well, that much was obvious, Hux thought, but he kept his mouth shut.) “There were a lot of other things too - I couldn’t tell what they were When I tried to get close enough to see, it looked like he was going to hurt me. I think he broke someone’s nose, I don’t know - but there’s blood. I… it’s… he’s dangerous. I was trying to call 911.” Blood? Hux’ mind caught on the word and refused to move past it. Sure, the loss of the majority of the tech in admin was a tough blow, but if someone had been injured badly enough to bleed inside of his firm… well, a couple of tens of thousands in damage was the least of his worries. There would be paperwork to fill out, possible lawsuits - he’d have to contact his team of lawyers as soon as he got whatever this was under control. His thoughts were spinning, already setting into motion his next five steps as his mouth went dry, but all of this came to a stop when he caught sight of the person he assumed had to be Ben. Hux wasn’t sure what he had been expecting, but it wasn’t this. He’d been right in that he’d thought he’d heard crying earlier, because Ben was curled in on himself, sobbing right there next to the wreck of his computer, destroyed more thoroughly, even, than any of the others - cords ripped from the wall, the screen gone entirely, littering the floor in shards of glass, and perhaps the worst part was that Ben was kneeling in it. He didn’t appear to be aware of this as he buried his face in his hands, the sounds coming from him so gut-wrenching that Hux found himself worried the boy would make himself sick. It was the first time Hux had seen someone cry in a long time, and Ben was making a show of it, his entire body shuddering with the force of whatever emotion was clawing its way out of him. When he shifted, Hux could hear the crunch of glass grinding under his knees where they pressed into the floor; the sound made his stomach clench in sympathy, and his first thought was to pull the boy to his feet, danger to himself be damned, before he did more damage. He hadn’t even known Ben before this, and perhaps he was dangerous - the state of his administrative division spoke to that - but none of that mattered in the face of the way he was shredding the skin of his own damn knees like he didn’t even feel it. Hux swore he could hear a collective intake of breath when he motioned for the girl to put down the phone without looking back at her and began advancing on Ben, glass shifting under his feet with every step. “Don’t you dare punch another number on that phone,” he told her. “Put it down, right there on the desk - yes, that one, the one that’s still upright - and we’ll see what we can do about making sure you’ll never see anything less than a stellar recommendation from Imperial Marking. Does that sound fair?” He glanced over his shoulder long enough to ascertain that she looked dubious, but Hux knew it was an offer she couldn’t refuse, even with her personal safety on the line. A recommendation from Imperial Marketing meant she would work for any firm in the city she chose, likely for the rest of her career, and after a moment, the girl did as he asked. “Good,” he said, unsure, even as the words left his mouth, of what he was thinking. Of why he’d asked her not to call 911 when everything inside him knew that was exactly what should be done. Hux had been born to follow protocol, and yet here he was, going off-book in every way possible. “Thank you for keeping a clear head in a difficult situation, while the rest of your team appears to have done absolutely nothing but take notes. I’ll remember that.” When he crouched down in front of Ben, careful to ensure he wouldn’t spent his evening picking glass out of his own knees, Hux gasped. Ben’s hair - dark, Hux noted, almost black but not quite, and very, very thick - was just long enough to drape over his face, obscuring his features, but even still Hux could tell he was young. A recent college graduate, maybe? Perhaps even an intern. But that wasn’t what struck him. It was the extent of the damage - not to Ben’s computer, but to the boy himself. Yes, his knees were bloodied - and badly, soaking through the legs of his pants now - but it was his hands that had received the worst treatment. All the way up to his forearms, he was coated in red, and Hux knew immediately, Ben had hurt no one else as much as he had hurt himself. The blood was his own, coming from a rather damning cut across four of his knuckles, splayed open, almost, to the bone. There was no doubt they would require stitches - that already they’d been left open too long, the blood starting to clot, and that there would be scarring. Ben was so covered in blood that it was difficult to tell if he was otherwise injured, but as he studied him, Hux took stock of what he could make sense of. He’d torn one of his nails to the quick; it was barely hanging on, and the finger itself had started to swell in a way that indicated it had been dislocated or perhaps broken. Farther up, on the pale skin of his forearms - bloodloss, Hux’ mind supplied - there were several smaller cuts, one of which, on the sharp angle of his elbow, would need to have the glass removed. On the side of Ben’s head, where his hair parted to expose his temple, a bruise was darkening, as if he’d smacked it into the corner of one of Hux’ desks - and if it looked like it did right now, it was sure to be spectacular in the morning. Where before his stomach had dipped uncomfortably, it now sunk straight into his shoes and bottomed out somewhere in the subway tunnel that ran below. What if he had a concussion? He’d never been quite so close to someone so injured, and though he’d taken first aid classes when enrolled in ROTC as an adolescent, he had no training that would cover this. Perhaps he should have had the girl call 911, he thought helplessly, reaching a hand out and letting it hover over Ben’s shoulder - afraid, even, to touch, in case he did more harm than good. When he went to speak, his throat clicked, and he had to swallow hard before trying again. “Ben,” he managed, keeping his voice gentle and ducking his head to try to get a glimpse under that curtain of hair, to see if, at least, his face had been spared damage. This close, he was able to gather that Ben must have fisted his hands in his hair at some point, because a clump of it was wet and shiny with his blood, heavier than the rest and hanging limp, and what Hux could see of his cheek was streaked with it, drying now. “Ben, are you with us?” Notes: The interview in this chapter is a convenient plot device to allow you to get know more about Hux' life. We hope it was effective. :) Chapter 4 Notes: Trigger warnings include: blood, graphic description of mental breakdown, graphic description of violence, graphic description of injury, suicidal thoughts/ideation, self-harm, mention of a past suicide attempt, mention of past abuse, as well as a hospital setting with description of medical procedures. Please proceed with caution and, if in doubt, skip this chapter. We can give you brief summary over on tumblr if needed. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben was tired. So completely and utterly wrung out and drained of all energy, all will, all hope, that he could barely keep himself standing - let alone do his job to the standard that was expected of him. It was nearing three weeks now, since he was thrown out of the house that he had learned the hard way was never truly his home. He’d been living out of shelters since, scrambling to get there in time every afternoon, so he could sleep under an actual roof, have a shower, and even eat something that didn’t come wrapped in cellophane or out of a plastic container. His meds were long gone, and he was still feeling the effects of the various substances leaving his body. Nausea and headaches seemed to be his constant companions now, his focus and attention span got worse by the day. He barely got any sleep to begin with, and when he did, he had nightmare after nightmare until he gave up and got out of bed - it was wearing him out completely, rendering him irritable, moody, jumpy. Everything was always too bright, too loud, too much in his face, too fast moving, and Ben struggled to keep himself calm and grounded. The frailty was coming back again, and it scared him more than he wanted to admit to himself. He didn’t want to become like that again, to be that thin-skinned, brittle, and oh so very breakable . It was bad enough that he’d gone eight years of his life carrying that feeling around - like his nerves were on the outside and the world was made out of razors and graters, like he couldn’t even keep himself within the lines of his own skin, like he was drowning while on dry land. His arms and legs were already monuments to the full force of his insanity, and while the scars were mostly faded now, Ben knew all too well how easily bad habits and destructive tendencies could be picked up - and his had never been very far beneath the surface even at the best of times. He was scared of himself, so scared, and he had no one to help him cope. After all, who could possibly want to help him ? Why would anyone want to allow the madness parade that was Ben’s entire reality into their lives? Not that he could blame them - he never blamed other people - because Ben didn’t want to be around Ben when he was like that, so why should anyone else? They shouldn’t, that was the thing. Ben’s only talent was destroying everything he touched, be it inanimate objects or other people’s lives, and he had resigned himself to this fact years ago. He knew this was just the start, too. Soon that darkness would start creeping up at the edges of his mind again, tinting everything in some hopeless shade that wasn’t quite black, not quite grey, not quite brown, but precisely the shade he imagined his headstone to have when he finally cracked. Maybe he’d even succeed this time, but - given his track record - he didn’t count on it. How pathetic was that? He couldn’t even kill himself properl- no . Forcing himself away from that particular train of thought, he tried to school his face into something that conveyed a message of ‘business as usual’ rather than something that screamed ‘I’ve been homeless for three weeks and I’m having an actual fucking breakdown’. It was probably only a matter of time before the gig was up, and he really didn’t want to think about it. It was already becoming so hard to keep his temper in check, to make himself act polite and service minded towards clients and colleagues, and Ben was scared halfway out of his mind of the day he’d finally snapped. Which, if he was to be fairly honest, could quite possibly be today. He’d felt it already when he’d woken up that morning, nightmare after nightmare after nightmare having ruined his sleep and left him with aching muscles and a sore knuckle from where he’d punched the wall at some point. It was mere luck that none of the other guys in the room had woken up and complained - because that shelter was the best one, and Ben really didn’t want to risk being turned away. He was feeling so very on edge, so tense, like his body and mind just couldn’t stop anticipating an attack from anywhere at any second. Tears prickled the corner of his eyes, as if they were just waiting for a reason to spill, he found it hard to breathe - that familiar squeeze of panic tight around his chest - and he seriously didn’t trust his own ability to even open his mouth and speak without accidentally setting all of this chaos loose. He felt about as frail as an eggshell in the palm of a bear, and all he wanted was to hide away until it passed, or until he did - whichever came first, really - but he also knew he needed this job. If he lost this job, then he would have absolutely nothing left - no home, no money, nothing . A lifetime of Leia’s words echoed in the back of his mind: You’re going to end up just like your grandfather, just you wait. You’ll end up dead in a gutter somewhere, just like his sorry drunkard ass. Well, right now it sure looked like she would be right. With all the dangerous thoughts, emotions, and impulses swirling around Ben’s mind, he knew they’d probably end up fishing him out of the East River before Christmas . He really shouldn’t be at work right now. He really, really shouldn’t - he could feel it down to his very core. As he turned on his desktop, all he could do was pray that the day would pass quickly and without anyone asking him if he was okay - because that would start the waterworks for sure. Ben didn’t cry in public. Didn’t cry at all, if he could help it - crying meant you were weak, he knew that. Han had taught him well. Ben didn’t want anyone to think him weak, couldn’t let them, because weak people didn’t deserve any respect or compassion - that was a lesson he’d learned early. He was weak enough as it was without people actually knowing about it. Of course, Ben was out of luck - as usual. There was a flu going around, a total of four of his co-workers had called in sick, and due to a series of technical malfunctions a few days earlier that had caused several computers to crash, they were already behind on everything. The barely contained hysteria was practically tangible in the air around them, and people were locking themselves in the bathrooms to cry every other minute. No one wanted the chaos to gain Mr Hux’ attention and add their CEO’s disappointment and accusations of incompetence onto the growing list of things that stressed them all out at the moment. It was not a good environment for a fully medicated and stable Ben; for the current Ben it was nothing short of utter disaster. He couldn’t focus on anything, it was like his brain had forgotten how to read English - when he tried to finish at least one of his assigned reports and protocols the text blurred in and out of focus, he couldn’t read the words already written, and he simply could not type down any new ones. His brain was so completely overloaded it essentially just blanked out, leaving him even more panicky and frustrated with himself. And it sure as hell didn’t help that five different people seemed to be taking turns showing up just behind his back, demanding his attention every other minute in an endless row of ‘ Ben, can you write this memo real quick ’ or ‘ Ben, how’s that protocol from the staff meeting coming along? ’ or 'B en, I’m so swamped right now, can you take these things off my hands, please.' There were also a fair few ‘ Ben, can you watch my phone while I pop out for a smoke? Great!' and ‘ Ben, I don’t understand this report, can you explain it to me? ’ With every passing minute it was getting harder and harder to keep his cool. He hadn’t been able to even go on a bloody bathroom break so far, and it was nearly lunch time - not that he even had any lunch with him today, hadn’t for more than a week now - and he was every bit as swamped as the rest of them, and he was also completely terrified for quite different reasons than the others. He could feel it, the rage; it had been simmering close to the surface for days, and now he could feel it starting to boil - closer to breaking through, breaking out, with every passing minute. So far today he’d snarked over a dozen times at people, and for every new, indignant ‘ I was just asking! ’ that came his way, he took a new, giant leap towards a fit of rage of the kind that would get him fired, if he was lucky , and arrested for assault if he wasn’t. Breaking point came when the guy he shared his desk with - Bryan? Benny? Brendan? Whatever his name was - spilled an entire cup of hot coffee all over Ben’s keyboard, the three different stacks of freshly printed memos and reports to be delivered up to other departments, his cellphone, and his lap. There wasn’t even time to tell the guy to get away, because when he laughed out an 'Oops! Sorry about your pants, mate! ’ - in a voice that most certainly wasn’t sorry at all - Ben could feel the snap in his mind, how any semblance of control just burst out of his hands. After that, everything just went… black . --- Of all the things the administrative department had expected and/or feared would happen that day - that quiet oddball Ben Solo completely losing his shit and turning the office upside down sure wasn’t one. He was usually so damn awkward, and meek, and just… such a weirdo , that they all kinda just left him to his own devices. It wasn’t that they disliked him as such, he just wasn’t… well, he just wasn’t the same as them. Something was always off about him - like, legit off, if those pills he used to take at lunch were anything to go by - so people kept their distance. During the year he’d been there, they’d kind of all dismissed him as a pushover, who may or may not be a little less smart than average. It was a mystery as to why he’d been given this job, considering he couldn’t handle people at all, much less numbers. All of them had sort of believed him to be that big, oafish type who couldn’t stand up for himself to save his life - and now all they could do was watch in horror as that presumed giant dork of a person went from doormat to Hulk in about point five seconds. No one was even sure what the hell happened - suddenly there had just been a crash, which turned out to be Ben’s fist going right through the screen on his computer, followed by a series of more crashes as he threw it to the floor along with everything on his desk. Desks were flipped over, things broken and thrown across the room - it was like he’d turned into some sort of embodiment of pure destruction; nothing was left whole in his wake, everything was in pieces. What used to be a fairly standard open-plan administrative department - albeit a more high-end one than most - was now looking more and more like a scrap heap by the second. A scrap heap, or something out of Mad Max. Ben was cursing to high heavens, and it left little room for doubt as to what he thought about all of them, their attitudes, their jobs, where he thought they should go, and what they could do to themselves once they got there. He was fucking scary . Most of them never thought one person could cause this level of destruction until this moment, but with the way Ben looked - with those eyes that were dead, shark-like, yet still somehow promising brutal murder to anyone who came close, and with his hands and clothes covered in blood from where he’d hurt himself on the glass of all the screens he’d sent flying - they had trouble remembering a time they’d been more terrified. Two of the more bulky guys in the department tried to play heroes and stop him, but one came away with what looked like a broken nose, and the other was simply thrown like a rag across a desk, causing him to hit the floor at a bad angle, twisting his knee as he landed. At that point, they decided to evacuate out into the larger reception area by the elevators, and call the police - or at least security. Someone who could deal with this. He was dangerous, for fuck’s sake! Just as they were debating which option seemed most sensible, Ben seemed to have run himself out of every last bit of energy, sinking to his knees in the middle of what remained of their office, chest heaving from the exhaustion, eyes swelling up with tears - all in all, he looked like the perfect embodiment of the word ‘pathetic’. That didn’t mean they didn’t fear him anymore; no, they debated back and forth for a moment, but in the end, a decision was made to call 911. This man had assaulted two colleagues and destroyed an entire office - he had to be dealt with accordingly. Coming back into himself was always a horrible experience, like drifting towards the surface of some deep, dark well, then suddenly being hit in all senses at once - everything fucking hurt. He almost didn’t dare to lift his gaze from where it was apparently glued to the floor; he didn’t want to know how bad it was. Tears were already burning in his eyes, spilling over so easily now that he didn’t have any energy left with which to hold them back, deep sobs tearing through his body - painful and desperate, making it hard to draw breath. Daring a glance around him, he saw all the destruction left in his wake, and he just knew . This time he wouldn’t be able to get out of it with less than jail time. He knew it down to his very core, and while the thought scared him more than anything else in this world - because people like him didn’t do so well in jail - he simply could not make himself care. It was almost… a relief . Rock bottom. He had finally hit rock bottom - nothing could be worse than this. Any moment now, the cops would come storming in and take him away, and then he’d be finished. He knew that. He wouldn’t last a week in prison, not with his brain, and Han and Leia would get to tell him that they told him so. He wondered why he had been stupid enough to ever think differently, because of course he would fuck it up. It was the only talent he had, wasn’t it? He was vaguely aware of the crowd of people in the reception area by the elevators, the murmurs and whispers, the frightened glances, and the pitying ones. God, what a sad sight he must be! Shame burned in his gut, tinting his face and neck a deep shade of red, and he fixed his gaze on the floor again, trying to get himself to stop this fucking crying . He had to stop crying - didn’t want the people out on the streets, the cops, anyone, to see him reduced to this ugly mess. He didn’t need more people witnessing his humiliation. It was bad enough as it was without the whole world knowing just how weak and pathetic he actually was. He should just… just get the hell out of here and jump off the nearest fucking bridge. He’d be doing the whole world a favour. A favour that was, frankly, way overdue. A certain dizziness was beginning to set in, the headache seemed to have doubled in size, his limbs felt heavy, awkward, and he felt strangely tired. It was becoming rather difficult to focus, and he felt sluggish, off, like he was trying to think through a layer of cotton - but he didn’t get to examine the cause of it, as a pair of feet in very expensive shoes came into his view, and someone crouched down next to him. Daring a peek, he cautiously glanced up, and went several shades paler before quickly turning his head away again. Even in this state, Ben knew an executive when he saw one - and, judging by the obviously expensive suit, this guy came straight from the top. Shit . The man was saying something to him, Ben realized, but his brain was far too chaotic, far too foggy, to really make out exactly what it was. His name, maybe? Something else as well. Shit. He had to do something, say something, anything ! “I-I’m sorry, sir!” he blurted out. “I- I’ll pay for all the damage, I promise! I’m so sorry , I- there is no excuse, I’ll go quietly, I promise!” He didn’t know why he even tried - the man had no reason to be lenient with him at all. But apologies were, at the very least, something he was good at. He’d been apologizing for his existence for as long as he could remember. “I’m so, so sorry! I… I didn’t mean to-... I just… I’m so sorry !” It wasn’t enough. Of course it wasn’t! Nothing was ever enough to take away something this bad. Ben knew from experience that the bigger the mess, the less people gave a shit about his apologies. He’d only just finished paying for his last major bout of destruction - and it had taken years - and then this happened. But to his enormous surprise - shock, even - he didn’t get yelled at. The man didn’t, in fact, say anything even remotely angry or annoyed, and Ben was all kinds of confused. Or, as confused as he could manage to be with the dizziness and headache getting worse by the second. Something was really bad, he knew it. Something had gone very, very wrong. Bloodloss - the word echoed around in his mind. He’d been through it before, and he felt the fear grip him again. Was he actually about to bleed out on the floor of his own fucking workplace? After all the times he’d hurt himself, this was going to be the time he actually croaked? Right here, in front of all these people? A hand landed on his shoulder, and even though the touch was in itself very gentle, Ben couldn’t stop himself from violently flinching at the contact. It had been so long since anyone touched him - properly touched - and even longer since it had been a friendly touch. The bartender the other week didn’t really count. That was pure necessity, nothing else - he knew that. This was a friendly attempt at calming him, at comfort, but Ben didn’t know how to handle that anymore. Daring a peek at the man again, Ben was, even in his dazed condition, blown away by his striking features. That hair… Ben had never seen anything quite so red, which was saying a lot considering he was probably bleeding bright red all over himself right now. The man was speaking to him again, and Ben struggled to focus, to hear him. It still didn’t sound angry, and Ben cautiously raised his head a bit so he could look him in the eyes. It sent the world spinning, and he had to close his eyes for a moment to try and combat it. Shit . This was so bad. Apparently noticing his struggle, the man carefully repeated his words. “....-o the hospital. But first we need to stop this bleeding, okay?” The hospital? Oh, no. No, no, no . He didn’t want to. He really didn’t. But given how he felt, and the way this executive guy was looking at him, he probably really needed to. It didn’t mean he would just surrender, though. “P-please,” he managed to croak out between sobs. “N-no ambulance. Please .” That was humiliation on a level he just couldn’t stand right now. He’d already done it twice before, and he knew that being stared at by a crowd of nosy strangers as they rolled him out onto the street and then into the ambulance in all his blood-soaked glory would only worsen everything he was currently feeling. He could only hope this man would take pity on him and grant that one request. --- Hux kept his hand anchored on Ben’s shoulder, even as he flinched away as if the touch hurt. He knew that it didn’t - he kept his hold as light as he could, fingers resting over the prominent curve of Ben’s collarbone - and he didn’t trust in the boy’s ability to keep himself upright if he let go. Though he was bleeding more sluggishly now, that wasn’t necessarily a good sign - Hux suspected that only meant he didn’t have much blood left to lose. The hand on Ben’s shoulder was coated with it now too - when had that happened? - and it took all of Hux’ resolve to ignore the feeling of it going tacky in the spaces between his fingers. His suit jacket was ruined, the once-charcoal cuffs tinted with rust - this was the kind of stain that even his favorite dry-cleaner wouldn’t be able to get out - but that was the least of the things he’d lost today. Tens of thousands of dollars in tech equipment, the sole of his shoe, this suit jacket - they were all write-offs that he couldn’t allow himself to think about if he didn’t want to add Ben’s life to the list. Hux would be damned before let that happen. He’d never met the boy sprawled in front of him before this - distantly, he wondered how long he’d worked for his company, how many others were employed there whose names he’d never bothered to learn - but he was certain he’d remember Ben’s face if he’d seen it even once. Even with the blood streaked along the arch of his cheekbone and up the bridge of his nose, where he’d scrubbed at his face while crying, his features were unmistakable. Remarkable, Hux might have thought had he more time to consider it. At this angle, crouched with his head cocked so he looked down on Ben, he could see that the boy’s hair was at an awkward length, so that it curled just below his ears. It looked like he had been growing it out before all of this, but it did little to distract from the set of his mouth, which was wide and soft. It was the kind of mouth that was made for smiling, Hux thought, which was inane, because Ben was still crying his heart out, his chest hitching in a way that made Hux’ own breathing stutter in time. He’d opened his eyes to look up at Hux - deeper brown than they had any right to be on someone so pale - and he imagined they might have been pretty, were the pupils not blown as they were. If Ben wasn’t in already in shock, he was headed there quickly; shivering was setting in now, making the muscles in his arm jump and start under Hux’ hand. It was not the time to appreciate the line of Ben’s blood-smeared nose, which looked like it had been broken more than once - nor was it the time to investigate why that was so appealing to him. Praying Thannison would forgive the offense, Hux jammed two fingers under the knot of his tie and, before he could think too much about what he was about to do, loosened it roughly so that he could pull it over his head, trying to not feel the way the fine silk slid through his fingers as he did so. He’d purchased the tie specifically for today, he told himself; he just never imagined this would be the way he would use it. After the amount of money he’d seen dissolve over the past ten minutes, what was another $450 anyway? Still, he couldn’t hide his wince as he wound the bolt of silk around the worst of Ben’s cuts, the one that had split his knuckles near to the bone. Within moments, the tie was growing wet, the spot of red over the pink spreading, and Hux pressed down with all of his weight behind it. Silk wasn’t ideal for absorbing anything, but it was what he had at hand, and it would have to do for now. He remembered enough from ROTC that he knew applying pressure was essential in getting the bleeding to stop - perhaps this was to be the only one of his father’s lessons for which he would owe the man a shred of thanks - so he didn’t let up, even when Ben made a little whimpering sound at the treatment. He knew it hurt. It had to; Ben’s fingers were splayed open, but Hux steeled himself to it as he dug into the wound for all he was worth, willing this to work, his hand wrapped tightly around Ben’s while the fabric separating them bled through. “Shhhh,” he soothed, wrapping the hand that wasn’t occupied with trying to keep Ben’s blood inside him around the boy’s shoulders. “Don’t squirm about. You’re going to make it worse.” Hux wasn’t entirely sure that was true - it already looked as about as bad as he could image it being, but he’d found that in emergency situations, taking charge and giving people something - anything - to do sometimes helped. Ben was shivering hard enough that his teeth knocked together, hard enough that the force of it moved up Hux’ arm, but he could see that at least Ben had understood, going rigid and trying to suppress the way his body shook as he looked to Hux for further instruction. “You’re doing so well, Ben,” Hux said, the words tumbling out, nothing he ever could have rehearsed. He’d never been good at offering comfort - never been at connecting on a personal level at all. He could be civil. Professional. Charming, even, as his interview could attest. (And a small part of him remembered to thank whichever force in the universe had seen Edwards out that door before he’d stumbled upon this.) But this was uncharted territory. You’re going to make it worse , he’d told Ben - and now, he thought, it was quite possible he might be the one to do exactly that. But he was in for penny, in for a pound, in for all he was worth - had been since the moment he’d stopped the call to 911, really. The time for backing out was long past, and he continued, barely able to recognize his own voice. “What’s so bad about an ambulance, now?,” he asked, cautiously loosening his hold on Ben’s hand so he could peek at the damage underneath. Satisfied that the the tie was at least keeping anything essential from ending up on the outside, he tied the thing off, tight, like he’d learned as a teenager, which earned him a yelp from Ben. It was the first time he’d practiced the technique in years, but it appeared he hadn’t lost his knack for it entirely. “There, that’s better,” he said, patting the makeshift bandage and squinting now at the rapidly spreading bruise on Ben’s temple, now that the immediate threat of him dropping dead from blood loss had, apparently, passed. “But you’ve bled quite a lot, haven’t you? Don’t you think you should let the doctors have a look at you? I can’t imagine you’re feeling very well right about now, and I’m afraid I don’t have the training necessary to do much to fix that.” It took three rather pathetic-looking attempts before Ben managed to convince his clattering teeth to let him speak, and when he did manage, it was barely even audible. “N-no, ambulance… P-please... No ambulance...” He looked up at Hux, the single most heart-wrenching display of sad and lost puppy eyes Hux had ever seen hitting him at full force - only amplified by the sorry state he was in. There were many perks to Hux’ status - the macchiatos he had waiting on his desk upon arrival every morning, whether or not they’d been prepared to his specifications, the voice-activated home entertainment center that knew him well enough that his favorite music came on low as soon as he stepped through the door to his penthouse, the view from those picture windows in his office that lesser men would kill for - but right now, looking at Ben’s bloodied face, there was none he appreciated more than his personal car and driver. The hand that had previously held Ben’s dug into Hux’ pocket and removed his phone, his finger leaving behind a bloody print when he unlocked it. Have my car brought around front in five - no longer. I’ll be outside waiting. Tell the driver not to ask questions. He waited only long enough to see the little bubbles that indicated Mitaka was replying before pocketing it again. “Alright, so let’s say we axe the ambulance.” He kept the words light, as if Ben was a friend and he was suggesting Greek rather than Indian for dinner. “I’m willing to compromise on this one. Have you ever ridden in a town car, Ben?” That had Ben sputtering in panic as Hux, as carefully as he could, got him off the floor and threw the slightly less damaged arm over his shoulder so Ben could lean on him for support. “B-but- but I’ll… the blood. Y-your car...” Hux gently shushed at him. “I think a few ruined car seats is a small price to pay for getting you proper treatment, yes?” --- Hux’ driver truly embraced his inner fantasies about a Nascar career, and they arrived to the hospital faster than what should be possible given what city they were in. At least they hadn’t received the attention of any traffic police - which was nothing less than a miracle - and it was something to be grateful for, Hux realized, as the E.R staff took one look at Ben, and suddenly the world was a flurry of activity. Ben hated hospitals. Just hearing the word made him all tense, and here he was - nurses and people everywhere, poking and prodding and asking a million questions all at once. They got him into a room and out of his clothes, dressing him instead in one of those horrid backwards gowns. The last time he’d been wearing one was last year, after one very spectacular overdose, when he’d woken up in the hospital with a furious Leia next to his bed. Everything had been so blurry that time, but Ben could’ve sworn he recognized at least two of the nurses - and what was worse; they recognized him too. A barrage of questions came his way again, someone was saying something about his medical records and getting Doctor Something-or-other in the room. For the most part, the nurses were very sweet and gentle with him, but Ben was too shocked to really appreciate it at that time. The doctor, an elderly man whom Ben was ashamed to admit had seen him in here before - and more than once - came in, and poked about for a while, albeit not nearly as gently as the nurses had. He muttered to himself as he moved Ben’s fingers, his wrist, the elbow, looking closely for what might suggest a fracture - and Ben tried and failed to hold back on a small, pathetic cry of pain whenever he bent his fingers a fraction of an inch too far in one direction. He was swelling up badly, and this seemed to concern them greatly. The doctor had him sent off to get an x-ray - in a wheelchair, as if it wasn’t humiliating enough already - and after he came back to the room, the wait for the results seemed endless. They’d given him something for the shock, but he was still feeling rather horrible and scared and confused. Everything was happening so quickly, and then suddenly everything seemed to grind to a halt - and they still hadn’t fixed his wounds. He wasn’t bleeding anymore, that much was clear, but they’d hooked him up to a blood-bag, and he was back into himself enough to know that that was bad . (They’d put it in the back of his left hand, saying they couldn’t seem to find the blood-vessels in the crook of his arm for all the scar tissue he had there, and it didn’t exactly help Ben to hear that). He’d also noticed that the man from the office - the executive guy - was still there, and he didn’t really know what to do with that. Why hadn’t he just gone back to work? He had no obligation to be here with Ben - Han and Leia had barely set foot in the E.R when he’d hurt himself before, so why did a guy who didn’t even know him feel like he should stay? Pity? Ben hoped not. He wasn’t worth the pity. And he was incredibly embarrassed by his own looks right now; there had to be scarecrows sexier than Ben Solo in that moment. Then he felt ashamed for thinking about his looks - how vain was he, if that was something he actually worried about when he may or may not just have lost an arm? Maybe Leia was right about that. Maybe he really just was self-centered, vain, and spoiled. How else could he explain wanting to look good in front of a man he’d never even met before, whose name he didn’t even know, and who probably thought Ben was the most pitiful thing he’d ever seen. When they injected the local anaesthetics so that they could get to work fixing his wounds up, he started crying again - eyes fixed on the clock hung just above the doorway, and an old, experienced nurse gently stroking his hair and telling him he was doing really good. The doctor came in once they were finally stitching the wounds up - Ben almost threw up when he finally managed to look at them. He’d done some sick things to his body before, but he’d never quite managed this level. Or, well, not without intention to do so. There were a few scars that were in the same league, but he had those for entirely different reasons than a fit of rage. There were no fractures, the doctor told him, which was good, but also something of a lesser miracle. Could Ben explain what happened, now that he had calmed down some? All Ben could offer was a very meek and mumbled: “I just… got so angry. I don’t… don’t remember much...” He gave a little nod in the executive guy’s direction. “M-maybe he- maybe he can say more?” The doctor hummed a little. “In a minute.” He fixed Ben with a very steady glance. “I’ve taken a look at your records, Ben. You’ve been in here a lot, haven’t you?” Ben bowed his head, and he would’ve blushed furiously from the shame if he’d had enough blood in him with which to do so. “Are you taking your medications?” “N-no,” Ben stammered. “I’m- I don’t h-have a-any left. No prescription.” “Hm.” The doctor scribbled something down in his notepad. “Then I’ll make sure your prescriptions are renewed right away. I need to consult one of our psychiatrists, though, to make sure we send you home with a proper plan for your medication. Are you seeing any psychiatrist of your own? Or psychologist?” Ben shook his head again, and the doctor made another note. “Would you like the psych team to come down and talk to you, or provide the contact info for a psychiatrist? Or do you maybe have someone you prefer?” “I-I know one. I’ll c-call her t-tomorrow.” “Good. Now, you may have gotten away without any fractures, but those are still some very serious wounds, and three of your fingers are dislocated. That’s rather severe, Ben, and I’ll be putting you on some antibiotics, ten days - three times a day - and you’ll have to get someone to help you change the dressings once a day. Again, given your records, I’m certain you’re almost as good at wound-care as our nurses, but I still have to remind you to be careful when you shower, so that no water gets stuck under the compresses and cause an infection. No touching the wounds, either - but you know that already, I’m sure. And you’ll need to make an appointment in ten to fourteen days to have the stitches removed.” Another one of those stern looks, and Ben tried to focus on meeting it, instead of on what the nurses were doing to his arm. “Given your state when you were brought in, and the nature of your wounds, I don’t believe it was a suicide attempt this time. Am I right?” “Y-yes! I swear, I didn’t- I just.. No. No, I wasn’t trying to….” “Good. But again, given your records, I’d very much like you to consider allowing us to check you into the psychiatric ward for a few days - you know, just to make sure you’re okay. I can’t force you, of course, but I’d strongly recommend it.” Ben shook his head with as much force as he could. “No. I don’t want to. I-I’m fine. I just… I just need to call my psychiatrist. I’ll be fine.” The doctor obviously did not approve of his answer, but they both knew that unless Ben stated that he wanted or thought about making an attempt at his own life, or - for that matter - any intentions of harming himself again, there was very little the E.R personnel could do. They had to let him walk. “Then I strongly suggest you call her first thing in the morning,” he said. “Now, you need to stay put for a while longer. It’ll take a little while before we’ve replaced that blood you lost, and I need to get your medication sorted. The nurses will of course help you with whatever you need, and I’ll make sure your prescription is in order by the time you leave.” He got to his feet. “Now, I hope you won’t get yourself into this sort of mess again. You’re much too young to be doing this to yourself.” He left the room, and the nurses - now all done stitching and wrapping his arm up in bandages - helped him lie down more comfortably on the bed and got an extra blanket out as he was still shivering. Then they, too, left the room, and left Ben alone with the nameless executive man. Silence had never felt quite so scary before, and Ben tried to hide his left arm - all the scarred tissue on full display now that he didn’t have a shirt on to cover it with - under the blanket as well, with very little success. But he tried anyway, didn’t want this man to see that awful, broad, long scar that ran along his forearm from his wrist and up toward his elbow - its twin was at least covered by stitches and bandages, but this one was awfully visible, and Ben really didn’t want to talk about it. The scars went almost up to his shoulder in some places, it was impossible to hide it all. He felt so ashamed, so stupid, so completely fucking useless, and he couldn’t even get away; the blood-bag connected to his arm, paired with the fatigue and sluggishness from the meds, kept him more or less chained to the bed until the nurses came and freed him. --- Hux leaned against the wall as the nurses excited the room, arms crossed over his chest in an attempt to conserve heat in the chill that always seemed to come with hospital corridors. (And what sense did that make? Shouldn’t sick people be kept warm?) He’d shed his suit jacket in the car on the way over - the two of them appeared enough of a gory mess without Hux looking like he’d spent the better part of an hour up to his elbows in blood, and the smell was making him sick - but now he regretted it, goosebumps raising the fine hairs on his arms. Hux had never been a coward; his father might have disagreed, might have called him weak and deficient, but Hux knew better. He’d faced head-on things that would have made better men shrink away, had stood firm as the ground shifted beneath his feet a thousand times, but propped up against the concrete wall of Ben’s hospital room, there was a part of Hux that, perhaps for the first time, truly wanted to run. Ben had been crying on and off since the nurses had begun their work; while he was no longer sobbing as he had at the office, he sniffled intermittently, tears leaking down his face. He’d stopped trying to scrub them away long ago, and there was something vacant about the way he responded to treatments Hux was certain had to hurt like hell. Not like someone trying to be brave, but like someone who truly didn’t care what was being done to him. The thought chilled Hux more than the artificially recycled air pumping through the hospital’s vents, and he squeezed his arms more tightly around himself. It would have been so easy to leave, to return to his penthouse, to kick his shoes off at the door and bag up what was salvageable of his clothing for the cleaners to take away in the morning. To get into his shower and turn it on the hottest setting, to burn away the memories of Ben’s blood on his hands and in his nose, and to return to work in the morning, all of this behind him, the remnants of a bad dream. If he put his mind to it, he knew, he could convince himself it had never happened at all. He had to replace the computers, of course, the glass that had surrounded Ben’s cubicle. Had to speak to everyone in the admin department who had been affected by the display. It would take days - weeks - to clean up the fallout from this, but he could do it. He’d dealt with worse. Yes, to leave would have been the easy thing. The efficient thing. The smart thing - and Hux could not recall a time in his life when he hadn’t done what was smart. So he could not say what compelled him to step away from the wall and closer to Ben’s bed, heart lodged in his throat and sweat chilled on the back of his neck. Ben was curled up as tightly as space would allow, trying to turn on his side so he could face the wall, though the IV in his hand prevented him from turning away entirely. While the team of nurses had cleaned each of his cuts and splinted the fingers that were only disjointed, thankfully not broken, they hadn’t done anything for the blood staining his face. Restoring Ben’s vanity hadn’t been the priority, and drying tear tracks cut through the mess left behind. His cheeks were pink from crying, his eyes clenched shut, while he stifled little distressed sounds that Hux was certain he hadn’t heard anyone make since he was a child. In the silence, Hux cleared his throat. “I’m sorry about all of this,” he managed, because he really was. He was sorry he wanted to leave Ben in this state, sorry he wasn’t better at this, sorry for whatever was happening to the boy in front of him. Suicide attempt. Psychiatrist. Medication. This wasn’t something he understood, though he’d read about things like this, had an aunt who had once had some kind of breakdown. He remembered his father talking about her over dinner once, shortly after it had happened, as if she wasn’t human. As if she was something for Hux to be afraid of, something for Hux to be afraid of becoming, and the thought made his stomach churn uneasily. There were scars covering the one of Ben’s arms that hadn’t been wrapped in bandages - faint things, fine and thin. A few of them on their own would not have been damning, Hux realized; it was the sheer number that had him grabbing onto the bars on the side of Ben’s bed to steady himself. There were hundreds of them, so many that Hux struggled to find an unmarked patch of skin on the translucent skin of Ben’s forearm. Whatever had happened to Ben today hadn’t been unprecedented, he knew that now; this wasn’t the first time Ben had hurt himself. There had been times before this, times when Hux hadn’t been there to stop him. Times, maybe, when those who had been there had run, like Hux wanted to. ...Hux had never been in so far over his head. “Not a very good way to spend a Friday evening, is it?” he forced himself to say when Ben didn’t answer him, his voice choked in a way he wouldn’t have been able to explain had someone asked. “I have this friend - she always makes fun of me for spending my Friday nights working, but bloody hell, at least my office has a view. Look at that, they’ve placed a trash bin directly outside our window. What’s a man got to do for a city view in this place?” It was a rather unfunny joke, in Hux’ opinion, and it should have fallen flat, but when he looked at Ben, the corner of his mouth was quirked up just a fraction. Amusement, Hux thought, or maybe just surprise, but it was more of a reaction than Ben had given any one of the nurses who’d touched him so far. He’d been right - Ben’s was a mouth made for smiling. Even that brief quirk of his lips showed off the lopsided set of his features, which somehow, inexplicably, complemented everything else he’d come to know about the boy in front of him over the past several hours. Looking down at Ben, Hux couldn’t stop the way his own lips twitched up in turn, and of its own accord, his hand came to rest at the back of Ben’s head, moving over his dark hair in the way the nurse’s had earlier. It had seemed to soothe him a little, and while it wasn’t much, it was the least Hux could do. He could feel Ben at first tense and then sigh under the touch, the way it moved his shoulders up and down, and just when Hux thought the touch may have been unwelcome, less comforting than he intended, Ben twisted his head around just enough to get a look at Hux, looking so tired and wrung out that Hux was surprised he was still conscious at all. “Not completely destroying the office where he works would probably be a good start,” Ben said with a self-deprecating little quirk of his lips - his voice hoarse from crying and exhaustion. The quip caught Hux off-guard, and he let out a surprised bark of laughter. “I suppose you’re right,” he agreed, a soft smile on his face and an undeniable fondness taking root in his chest. These were the first words Ben had spoken to him that didn’t consist of him begging, and his voice, while a deep baritone that might have been smooth had it not sounded like he’d gargled on glass from his computer screen, still came out disconcertingly young. Hux had done the math when he’d confirmed his date of birth for the nurses, and if Ben was telling the truth, it meant he was 25 - but that was hard to believe, with his hair tucked behind prominent ears like it was and a voice that wouldn’t have sounded out of place coming from someone fresh out of high school. He hadn’t moved his hand from Ben's head, and he allowed himself to slide a few strands between his fingers while the boy rested, humming low in the back of this throat. It wasn’t until then that Hux realized he hadn’t gotten the chance to wash his hands yet, and he watched them pet Ben’s hair in detached fascination, as if they belonged to someone else. He hadn’t left this room since they’d begun patching Ben back together, and the blood between his fingers had dried stiff and uncomfortable, cracking with each of Hux’ movements. Strange. Just when Ben had started to drift, his eyes opening and closing sluggishly, going crossed in his attempts to keep them focused, the door opened and the nurse who had completed Ben’s initial examination stepped inside, a clipboard in one hand and a clear plastic bag of orange medication bottles in the other. She smiled at Hux, who pulled his hand away from Ben’s head as if he’d been caught doing something he couldn’t, awkwardness making him shift from one foot to the other. “Okay, Ben,” she said, her voice soothing as she addressed the boy curled on his side, as if Hux wasn’t there at all. “I know you know the drill, but we’re going to go over it one more time, just to make sure, okay?” She waited for Ben to give her a little nod, his eyes fluttering closed again in the moment that took, and she gave a little tsk sound before continuing. “Most of the medications you’ve been given are nothing new.” She tucked the bag under her arm to open the chart in her hands. “Lithium - you were on that one up until quite recently, weren’t you? And Zyprexa, it says here you were prescribed that once before too, about a year ago. We’re hoping that one will be temporary, but it looks like it worked well for you last time, so for the time being, we’re going to stick with it.” She flipped a page. “The doctor’s also prescribed a couple of sedatives - Atarax and Intermezzo - to help keep your sleep cycle on track. The Intermezzo’s pretty fasting acting, so it’s best to take it right before bed, but you knew that already didn’t you?” She gave Ben a knowing look. “Look, we both know this is all old hat to you, but you’ll still want to pay careful attention to the instructions on the bottles. We’ve adjusted your dosage on some of them, as it appears you might have been struggling a little more than you let on, hmm?” Ben squeezed his eyes shut at the sympathetic note in her voice, another tear escaping to drip down the side of his nose as he nodded miserably, and Hux stepped forward again, awkwardness be damned, to put his hand back on the boy’s head, swallowing hard. He’d known there was something wrong with Ben from the moment he’d seen him collapsed in the wreckage of his administrative division, but hearing this woman recite the lineup of medication he would be required to take made the seriousness of Ben’s situation all the more real. It was staggering, overwhelming, and he wasn’t even the one going through it; he couldn’t imagine what Ben must have felt. “We’re going to do what we can to help with that,” the nurse was saying, though she’d let the pages of Ben’s file flip closed. “But it’s vital that you see your psychiatrist right away. And that you keep track of any new side effects you might experience. It’s not good for you to go off your medications the way you did, without warning, and that may have given your system a little shock. It’s going to take some time to adjust, but we don’t want you to suffer needlessly. You’ve done this before - if something doesn’t feel right, it’s your job to tell us.” “As for medications you might not be so familiar with, the doctor’s prescribed a broad spectrum antibiotic to help ward off infection from any of the cuts you received today. It’s important that you take these until they’re gone, even if you don’t feel sick - and I want you to promise you’ll take them with food, whether you’re hungry or not. These things can be hard on your stomach, and we can't have you dropping any more weight. You’re 25 pounds underweight for someone your height as it is. Lose any more and it’s not going to be up to you whether you’re stuck here or not, understand?” Ben nodded again, sniffling, tucking his bandaged arm to his chest and hugging it close, while Hux fought the urge to pull his hospital gown closed where his movements had exposed the pale skin of his back. Ben was tall - probably about his height, Hux guessed, though the way he’d needed to lean against him on the way out to the car made it difficult to know for sure - but where the thin fabric of the hospital gown had fallen open, Hux could count the knobs of his spine, the curve of his back as he wrapped around himself only serving to highlight them. Hux may not have been a medical professional, but it didn’t take one to realize those were 25 pounds Ben sorely needed. “And on the subject of getting you out of here,” the nurse began, interrupting the dark turn of Hux’ thoughts, “because I know you’re itching to - it looks like you don't currently carry any insurance, right? You’re no longer eligible to be on your parents?” She looked at Ben over the tops of her glasses, and Hux felt a deep well of guilt open up in his stomach as Ben averted his eyes and nodded again, ashamed. Of course he didn’t have any insurance; finance had convinced Hux last year that everyone on his admin team should be kept just on the cusp of full-time, so his company wouldn’t be legally bound to provide it. It would save him hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, they’d told him; to do so was the financially sound decision, and Hux hadn’t blinked as he’d agreed to it. Now it was Ben who was paying the price. “Then you’ll have to stop by the office on your way out and set up a payment plan,” she instructed. “Jen down there will help you; she’s sweet. Will it be your parents who are picking you up this time?” At that, Ben finally looked up, the suddenness of the movement dislodging Hux’ hand, something like horror on his open features. “I-I... Uhm, no, t-they’re not - I’m, uhm, I-I’m staying-... I-I’ll be fine. I’ll be fine. Just-... I’ll be fine….“ In the shadow of Ben’s panic, the pieces he’d been given of Ben’s life all slotted together, and Hux finally understood. No one called for Ben in all the hours they had been here; nor had Ben requested that he call anyone else. What kind of a person could disappear for an entire evening without someone caring what had happened to them? Hell, even Hux would have had Phasma looking for him after long enough of not returning her texts, and he was the most antisocial person he knew. The picture it painted was grim - because no, Ben wasn’t going home to his parents. They weren’t coming to get him. No one was, and later, Hux would remember the fierce protectiveness that had him stepping between Ben and the nurse, motioning for her to hand him the clipboard, as a bout of temporary insanity. “He’ll be staying with me,” he said, his voice clipped, impatient, even as his mind refused to process the implications of what he had just done. “Just give me the damn discharge papers; I’ll sign them myself. The name is Ethan Hux. Spelled like it sounds: E-T-H-A-N H-U-X.” --- And just when Ben thought nothing could make his day worse, the nice executive guy turned out to be the CEO of the company whose admin department he just trashed. Shit . But wait just a minute...? Did… did he just say he was taking Ben home with him? That made no sense at all! Why the fuck would he want to waste even more of his time on an actual, obvious nutcase? Someone who just turned an entire office upside down and nearly took his own fucking arm off in process? No, no, that really didn’t make any sense. This had to be either one really weird hallucination, or there was some sort of catch to this, and Ben wasn’t looking forward to finding out which one it was. “I-... S-sir,” he began, trying and failing to keep the panic and shame out of his voice. “S-sir, you really don’t… I-I’ll be fine. I c-can take care of myself, I promise. I don’t want to- to, uhm, be a bother. Please, sir. I’ll be fine.” But he was being completely ignored by the nurse and Mr Hux, as they were busy filling out the paperwork ensuring his release as well as making sure his care was paid for. He fiddled with the hem of the blanket, shuddering a little - why was it so cold in there? - before obediently reaching his arm out from under the blanket so that the nurse could remove the IV from his hand. Giving him a gentle pat on the shoulder, the nurse straightened up and put his little bundle of clothes on the bed next to him, and then collected the now empty blood-bag and tubes that had been connected to him. “Okay, Ben,” she said. “You can get dressed now - you’re free to go.” With that she left the room, and the silence spread again. Ben threw a shy glance at Mr Hux, trying to think of some way to ask for some privacy while he changed. He knew his body wasn’t very pretty - even without the scars everywhere he was still too thin, and all weird angles and strange proportions. He looked like he consisted of badly put together spare parts, he knew that, and he didn’t want Mr Hux to have to see that on top of everything else. It was bad enough as it was. Thankfully, the man seemed to understand his nervous glancing between him and the clothes, and motioned towards the door. “I’m not sure how much you remember of our arrival here, but I’m afraid your shirt fared just about as well as your arm. Unfortunately, the staff here doesn’t have quite so much experience in stitching that back together, and I won’t have you going outside in just your undershirt. But you’re in luck: if there’s one thing I have an abundance of, it’s jackets. I’ll go to the car and see if I can dig one up while you get dressed, okay?” Ben nodded, and Mr Hux disappeared out the door. Half of Ben didn’t believe he’d actually come back, but the other half hoped he would - because by now all the shelters were full, and he didn’t look forward to the prospect of sleeping on the street in his pants and a tank top, which was all the clothing he had now. The only possessions he had now; his bag was left behind at the office, and security didn’t take well to random bags and boxes left in the building. It had probably gone in the trash by now - some morbid part of Ben’s brain found that oddly fitting. A sorry collection of things, thrown in the trash and missed by no one - the perfect metaphor for the sad mess that was Ben’s life. The car must’ve been waiting right outside, because Mr Hux came back within minutes, carrying a long woolen coat in a deep navy colour. He put it over Ben’s shoulders with a gentleness that both surprised and soothed, and with a reassuring smile he said: “There, looks better on you than it ever did on me. Now let’s get you home. I’ll show you the view from my apartment; I promise it’s better than the one here.” Notes: Lithium: Prescribed for Ben's bipolar disorder. Ben has been off of it for a while, and since this medication can be hard on the body, he will have to be reintroduced to it in slowly increasing dosages. Zyprexa: An antipsychotic, also used to treat bipolar depressions and bipolar mania. An emergency medication that is typically not prescribed for long periods, this will make Ben very tired. Atarax: A mild but effective antihistamine sedative, used only when needed. Intermezzo: A very strong sleep medication, used to help Ben fall asleep, as well as stay asleep throughout the night. This combination of medications is not uncommon for someone who, like Ben, has bipolar disorder and is suffering from a very severe bipolar depression. It will be adjusted once the state of his health has changed. Loke is familiar with array of medications because he has been on them. Any comments or questions regarding this or any other aspect of the past two chapters should be directed to us over at tumblr. As usual, we're ficlet-machine (Loke) and thegoodlannister (Cat). Chapter 5 Notes: Though this chapter is relatively safe, Ben does wrestle with thoughts of self-hatred throughout. The drive to Mr Hux’ apartment was a quiet one. Ben was trying to wrap his head around this day, but he wasn’t having much success with it. The anxiety was still there, crawling around under his skin, but the medication they’d given him at the hospital helped him keep it at bay. He was grateful for that, because he was so exhausted he could barely think. Having to fend off one single more panic attack or bout of clawing anxiety or self-hatred was more than he was capable of right now. He still couldn’t believe Mr Hux - the living legend of a man, whom half the company weren’t sure even actually existed - had not only brought him to the hospital and stayed while he was receiving treatment, but actually paid the bill and decided to bring Ben home with him. Mr Hux was actually letting him stay with him until he’d gotten through the worst, and Ben’s brain failed to even process it, because stuff like this didn’t fucking happen in real life! In a cheesy rom-com with the usual pretty lady and handsome guy, yeah! But not to Ben Solo, not in reality, not with another man, and most certainly not with a man like Ethan Hux! And yet here he was, in the backseat of the most expensive car he’d ever been in, with Mr Hux right next to him - a slender hand resting casually on his shoulder in a gesture of comfort. For now, he decided, he’d just have to roll with it. It was too much for his burned out mind to think about right now. With every new block they passed, the buildings got more and more fancy; high-rises where Ben knew each square foot cost more than his parents’ entire house, all glass and steel and sleek designs, and it dawned on him that Mr Hux had said ‘apartment.' Holy shit , what if Mr Hux actually lived in one of these? Ben swallowed hard, desperately hoping the man didn’t keep a lot of fragile and expensive things around - because if Ben was going back on the Lithium again, he’d be in for absolute tremor hell . With the addition of the Zyprexa, and the constant sluggish tiredness from that, Ben would probably set all kinds of new records for clumsiness. Things would undoubtedly get broken, and Ben could only hope they were the things that could be replaced. He didn’t know what he’d do with himself if he broke something that had actual sentimental value. The car turned a corner, and then another one as it headed down into an underground garage underneath one of the giant buildings. Ben had never in his life seen so many expensive cars in one place before; there were Lamborghinis, Ferraris, Mustangs, Mercedes after Mercedes, Lexuses, three Aston Martins in a neat row, more Porsches than he could count, and several other brands as well that he didn’t immediately recognize from the magazines Han had showed him when he was younger - hoping to get Ben to “be a normal boy”, and develop an interest in cars instead of painting. Ben liked Mustangs - especially the newer models - but that was about as far as his interest had gotten. The driver backed into an empty parking spot at the end of a row, right next to an almost identical car as the one they were in - the main difference seemed to be that the other one was a light grey metallic instead of black - and got out to open the door on Mr Hux’ side. As Mr Hux carefully helped Ben exit from that same side, he could see why. On that side, a few feet further up, were a pair of elevators, and Ben was thankful he wouldn’t have to walk much more today. His legs felt all weak and wobbly, and when he made to follow Mr Hux - who had thanked the driver, saying something about a bonus, and then simply gesturing for Ben to come along - he stumbled, nearly falling to his knees. Face burning from embarrassment, he allowed himself to be supported again, and they made it to the elevators. “It’s won’t be long now, I promise,” Mr Hux said as the doors closed, reaching over and typing a series of numbers on a small panel. “We’ll have you sitting down soon enough.” Ben nodded, trying not to think too much about how Mr Hux was still holding on to him, even though there were the usual little support railings inside the elevator. He could have just let Ben hold on to those, but instead, he kept a steady grip around Ben’s middle with one arm, and the other held onto Ben’s left arm which was slung around his shoulder. It was a much nicer gesture than Ben felt he deserved at that point, but he wasn’t going to complain. The last thing he wanted was to come off as ungrateful when this man had spent the better part of his Friday afternoon and evening in the E.R. because of Ben. The elevator itself, though very minimalistic in design, clearly communicated wealth and class, and Ben briefly wondered what sort of people actually lived in buildings like this. Well, apart from Mr Hux, that was. The elevator ride seemed to go on forever, and when they finally arrived at the right floor Ben was shocked to realize that there was only one door in the little entrance hall they’d stepped out into. A penthouse. Mr Hux lived in a penthouse - this entire floor was his. Of course it was , Ben thought. Given his standing and everything, why would he settle for anything less than that? He was so exhausted now that he could barely keep upright even with the support, and so after Hux typed in another code to open the door and get them both inside, there was little Ben could do but allow himself to be lead through a hallway, that seemed to stretch on endlessly in both directions, into what was the most massive space he’d ever been in that wasn’t a church or an arena. The first thing he saw, before Hux turned him around and helped him sit down on the couch, was an actual grand piano standing in all its majesty in the corner to the far left from where they’d come in. Its black surface had been polished so that it nearly shone from how well it reflected the light. Looking around him, he could barely comprehend what he was actually seeing - the sheer luxury and elegance surrounding him made him feel very small and out of place. Three whole walls consisted of floor to ceiling windows - New York glittering like an entire galaxy outside - and the living room itself looked like something out of one of those interior design magazines Leia always read. It was so perfect, Ben hardly dared to move, out of fear he’d ruin something. Everything was white, for starters; the low side-tables and shelves, the huge urn-like flowerpots, the thick rugs covering the floor, the armchairs scattered about, the walls… everything . The only splashes of colour were the plants themselves - large, lush, and green things that Ben couldn’t recognize, and little groups of orchids here and there - some decorative knickknacks in little bowls and vases on a few of the tables, and the felt on the massive pool table and poker table taking up the far right corner of the room. Ben could hardly believe it; the man actually had a grand piano, and a pool table that looked like it belonged in a castle somewhere in Britain, in the same room - and still there was enough room to fit five more of each without even beginning to feel like it was getting a little bit cramped. Right in front of where he was sitting, on the only available wall, a flat screen TV the size of Han and Leia’s dinner table was mounted - the sheer size of it was intimidating, even from ten feet back, where Ben was sitting. Looking down, Ben realized that the couch, too, was the same pristine white as everything else, and Ben was sitting on it in his dirty, bloodstained clothes . An apology began working itself towards his mouth, but Mr Hux didn’t seem to have noticed his predicament. Once he had helped Ben sit down, carefully arranging the cushions to support his injured arm, not seeming to pay much attention to Ben’s wide-eyed staring at the room, or his current attempt to formulate words, he straightened up and offered another one of those remarkably soft smiles. “There,” he said, before Ben could start apologizing. “I’ll wager that feels a bit better, doesn’t it? It should take a little of the pressure off, at least.” Clamping his mouth shut, Ben nodded. Mr Hux looked relieved, running a hand through his hair. “See, things are looking up already. I don’t know about you, but I’d kill for some tea after the day we’ve head. How about I go make us some? I’m may not be much use in the kitchen, but I’d be doing my entire country a disservice if I couldn’t manage a proper cup of tea.” Ben nodded again, and watched as Hux hurried off - completely dumbstruck as to how he could have missed the enormous dining room table that stood by the windows where the living room area met the kitchen area - it looked like it could easily fit a dozen people, if not more. Ben couldn’t see much from where he was sitting, but it seemed like the kitchen was every bit as huge as the rest of the place. He was thankful for the medication, because if his brain hadn’t been so fuzzy and disconnected from his emotions right now, he was fairly sure he’d have another meltdown right then and there from how overwhelmed he was. Even through the fog of medication, he could feel the anxiety crawling closer to the surface - the effect must be starting to lessen a bit - and he curled a bit on himself, trying to focus on breathing to calm himself. Just as he was starting to find enough focus to do his breathing exercises, a little chirping noise from the direction of the floor, and the feeling of something touching his leg startled him out of it. The source of the chirping noise turned out to be a cat, Ben learned, as it jumped into his lap in that entitled way only cats managed, before putting its front paws on his chest and thoroughly sniffing his face and hair, then curling up on his lap and closing its eyes - purring like a V12 engine. It had a beautiful coat, somewhere between short and long hair, bright orange, and smooth as silk under his hand as he cautiously stroked it across its side. Its eyes were the most green eyes he’d ever seen on a living creature, and though its face had an almost delicate look to it, the rest of the cat was decidedly not very delicate. It was quite fat, actually, but in that way most older cats seemed to be, rather than as the result of overeating. It apparently enjoyed the attention, as it stretched out across his lap in the most blatantly indulgent way, baring its soft belly - quite obviously expecting belly-rubs. The fur on its stomach was almost white, and very, very soft. Ben could feel the vibrations of the purring in his hand as he continued to stroke it, prepared to remove his hand at the slightest sign of teeth or claws. It was enough with one hand all wrapped up, he’d rather not lose the use of both of them. --- From the kitchen, Hux could just make out the sound of Millicent’s purrs - loud enough that they echoed even in the expanse of his apartment - and he wiped his hands on a dishtowel, stepping to the edge of the counter, so he could peek into the living area to investigate. The sight he was met with stopped him cold, causing him to cock his head as he took it in. Millicent was draped over Ben’s lap, spread out flat on her back, feet kicked into the air, and Ben was… he was... scratching at her belly. He could hardly believe what he was seeing; Millicent didn’t even enjoy such treatment from him, and the few times he’d allowed Phasma into his apartment, she’d scattered immediately, hiding in one of the innumerous rooms Hux rarely used until she’d safely shut the door behind her. If this was anyone else, Hux was sure, Millicent would have taken a hand off by now, but instead, she nuzzled into the touch, while Ben more than obliged her mewling. Hux didn’t blame him; for all her prissiness, she was Hux’ princess, and she’d earned more than few pinches of fish underneath the table with sounds like that. Millicent had been Hux’ constant companion for more than ten years now. He’d picked her out shortly after he received his MBA; she had been the first choice he’d made for himself, without his father’s input, before even he had settled on his apartment. His father had never had time for pets, and she was the first one Hux had owned. It had been a learning experience for the both of them, but thankfully Millicent was 100% cat - self-sufficient in every way and, by now, accustomed to the long hours Hux spent at the office. She wasn’t the type to rush to Hux’ side the moment he walked in the door, even if he’d been at the office for 16 hours straight; she’d get to him in her own good time - usually when she desired something more than the no-grain-meal dry cat food Hux had selected for her. Without realizing it, Hux planted his elbows on the counter and stepped back to lean his weight onto them, resting his chin in the palm of his hand so he could scratch at his beard as he studied the way Millicent butted her head into Ben’s middle, demanding more of the boy’s attention. There was something mesmerizing about the sight, something that sent up a little flutter inside his ribcage; it wasn’t a sensation he had ever felt before, and for all he knew, it may have been the first sign that whatever heart condition afflicted his father was setting in for him too, but everything seemed dreamy in a way that made it difficult for him to truly mind, even if it was. While Hux valued the solitude of his life, he’d wondered, more than once - usually after hitting the brandy a little harder than was wise - what it might be like to share his home with someone. What it might be like to look on from his kitchen, from this spot exactly, and see another person settled in his living area, while he tinkered with something or other. And in this moment, turning the knob that adjusted the volume of Beethoven’s Symphony No. 5 as it flowed through the speakers inside the walls, it was disconcertingly easy to imagine that the situation was different. That Ben was someone who wanted to be with Hux, who had come home with him after a night at Hux’ favorite restaurant - except now it was their favorite restaurant. That this is how it was every night, Ben relaxing on the sofa while Hux made the two of them tea. That Hux knew how Ben took his tea, knew it like the back of his hand without having to ask. Hux shook his head; the thoughts, while not exactly melancholy, weren’t going to do anything to help Ben in the situation they really were in. He could entertain fantasies at another time, when he didn’t have a boy who’d nearly collapsed from bloodloss on the way up to his apartment waiting for Hux to care for him. Which Hux had promised to do. It hadn’t been the most well thought-out of his decisions, Hux considered, trying to bite back the little half smile that wouldn’t leave his face as Millicent pawed playfully at Ben’s hand, her foot tiny in his grasp. He didn’t know the first thing about caring for someone, especially someone who needed the kind of help that Ben did. Ben wasn’t like Millicent, and it was too late to turn him onto the street now - not that he wanted to. Behind him, the New York skyline stretched out endless and inviting. He’d always loved this city; while he hadn’t been born here, most of his earliest memories were of New York. Even before his father had made the move after his mother’s death, Hux could remember flights between their home in the UK and New York near monthly, while his father had established his business here. This was the place where he had come into his own, and he would never leave it, not for more than a few days or a week - whatever his work required of him. But here, inside his apartment, was a boy whose name Hux hadn’t known until only a few hours before. Was New York his home too, the backdrop to his childhood? Had he been born here? Who were his parents - the ones who weren’t coming to pick him up? How long had he been working at Imperial Marketing? Did he have dreams like Hux had, when he’d started his first marketing gig, younger even than Ben? For once, these questions held as much interest for him as whatever was happening out there, the evening settling over the city, and Hux turned away from the scene, allowing Ben his privacy. The boy probably needed it after the day he’d had - Hux had already seen him stripped to his underwear and wrestled, half-aware, into a hospital gown, and Hux’ own fiercely private nature had flinched at the treatment. Whether Ben’s need for privacy was as intense as his own, Hux couldn’t imagine a person who wouldn’t have been at least mildly embarrassed at the way he’d been seen - if he could remember it, that was. For Ben’s sake, Hux hoped he couldn’t. His teapot, pale blue and made of hand-crafted ceramic with an ornate brass handle, sat atop a stainless steel stovetop range, ready for use. Teamaking was the only use this stovetop ever saw, so he never had any need to move it, and Hux removed the lid to fill it with water from the filter before fiddling with the setting on the range. He kept a wide array of teas - teas he should drink more often, rather than always turning to the brandy, or the wine, he knew - and he wondered which would do Ben the most good. The doctors had said the antibiotics - of which he still hadn’t given Ben the first dose - might upset his stomach, and he knew mint tea was supposed to be good for that. Then again, they’d also given him various medications to help him sleep - sedatives, they’d said, and the word had sounded harsh, not like something that would lull him into rest, but like something that might knock him out at the drop of a hat. Perhaps Ben would do better with chamomile, something to help calm his nerves? ...which may have been the stupidest thought he’d ever entertained, Hux realized, as soon as he’d had it. If tea was enough to calm Ben’s nerves, they wouldn’t have been in this situation, with Ben’s arm stitched to hell and back and his admin department left in shambles. Speaking of which… Hux distantly wondered if anyone had come to clean up the wreckage yet. If the janitors had stumbled upon it without warning - if they’d cleaned around it or done what they could to put the office back together. He was almost afraid to look at his phone and find out, as the teapot began making pleasant little hissing noises that told him the water inside was warming. It had been hours since last he’d checked his messages, and he was sure, by now, that when he placed his finger on the home screen button, his notifications would roll right off the screen, there’d be so many. “Mmmm, Ben?” he called into the living area, deciding to ignore it for now. Anyone who thought he was dead had already made that assumption, and a few more minutes wouldn’t make it any worse. It was the weekend, and no one aside from janitors would step foot into Imperial Marketing until Monday; he had time. “What kind of tea would you like? I have… ummm…” He rummaged around in the tin he’d pulled down from his Restoration Hardware cabinets, the dark grain wood the only finish he would see in his kitchen. “I have chamomile, if you like herbal blends. Green, of course. There’s some sort of… white Japanese blossom thing in here too. Nothing someone from the UK would ever be caught dead drinking, but you might like it…” Ben mumbled something that might have been an unsure “What are you having?” but trailed off when the teakettle let out a whistle, and Hux used the dishtowel to remove it from the range, setting it next to the sink while he pulled two teacups down from the cabinet to his left. “I’m having Earl Grey,” he responded, hoping that was what Ben had actually asked. “It’s my favorite, but I can’t imagine caffeine would be a good idea for you right now, even if it’s not explicitly against the rules. I think you were supposed to take the first of your antibiotics just as soon as we got you settled.” He chuckled self-deprecatingly, screwing up his face, even though there was no one there to see. Leave it up to him to have Ben’s arm fall off from infection after he’d only had him for less than an hour. “Well, I’ve already screwed that up, haven’t I? So I guess there’s no harm if the Earl Grey is what you want. But I’ve also got this mint tea that I think is supposed to be caffeine free?” By now he had filled the two mugs with steaming water, and he jostled them in his arms, trying not to spill as he wedged the tin under one arm. “Oh damn it all, I’m just bringing them all in and you can decide what you want, okay?” Ben was still sitting where he’d left him as Hux made his way into the living area, Millicent lounging his his lap, looking for all the world as if she belonged there. He hadn’t removed his shoes, and he was holding his arm gingerly, the elbow of it just resting on the cushions Hux had arranged, as if it was paining him, which Hux was sure it was, though Ben hadn’t offered a word of complaint since the one utterance of “it hurts” when the nurses had been stitching him up. No wonder he hadn’t removed his shoes then; he probably wouldn’t have been able to manage it on his own, and Hux suspected Ben would have considered asking for help complaining. Which Ben was due at least a little bit of, in Hux’ opinion. The nurse who’d discharged him hadn’t mentioned anything about pain medications, which Hux guessed had something to do with bag of pills currently sitting on his counter. Perhaps they’d interact badly, he wasn’t sure, and when Ben looked up at him, eyes bleary and red, the bruising near temple really vibrant now, and swelling a little, looking sore to the touch, his stomach twinged with the ache to do something. “Perhaps you’d like some lemon?” he asked, using the toe of his shoe to shove a glass-topped coffee table closer to the sofa, before arranging the mugs atop it. A little voice he did his best to ignore noted that this was the first time this sofa had ever been used, questioned whether he should really be serving tea on it - especially to a boy who had single-handedly managed to take out an entire division of his firm. Of course Ben hadn’t meant to, but if he was capable of that, how would his custom-upholstered sofa fare under the onslaught? He’d purchased it for show, because he liked the look of it. Had never even tried the thing out, because it had never been meant for sitting on. Hux typically ate standing over the granite of his kitchen counter, then moved directly to the bedroom, abandoning the notion of sitting on any of his furniture in favor of reclining on his king-size bed. He’d rather that than risk the pristine white he’d chosen for the upholstery throughout his apartment. “L-lemon? Yes, please,” Ben said, interrupting Hux’ uncharitable thoughts, and Hux groaned, slapping a hand to his forehead. Dammit. He didn’t have lemon. He didn’t have anything, other than this tea and a fully stocked wine rack and whatever was in the back of his refrigerator - which, last he could recall, consisted of a carton of almond milk that he was pretty certain had been expired the last time he looked at it and a bottle of imported balsamic vinegar Phasma had given him as a gift. Ben had to eat with his medications, the nurse had told him so, and somehow he doubted the Thai he usually ordered on Friday nights, when he had no engagements to keep him out of his apartment, would settle well with the medications Ben was being required to take. He’d brought the boy home to an apartment with no food - how could he be so stupid? “Ummm… well,” Hux stammered, sitting down on the coffee table across from Ben, next to the mugs of hot water, and clasping his hands in front of him to keep them from prodding at the sore-looking spot on the boy’s face. “I, uh, I’m actually fresh out of lemon right now. As well as anything else we might be able to eat. I’m at the office so much, I’m afraid there’s not much time for cooking. Everything just tends to go bad, you see…” He was rambling, and he knew it, so he let the sentence trail off as he hurriedly dug into his pocket for his phone, nearly dropping it in the process. “N-no, it’s fine, don’t worry. Nurses always say you gotta eat more. It’s, uhm, like part of their job description or something, but I-I’m not really that hungry at all, I’ll be fine.” Ben was protesting before he’d even finished speaking, but even now, Hux couldn’t forget the way the knobs of Ben’s spine had poked out from beneath his skin in the glimpses Hux had gotten under his hospital gown, and that alone was enough to convince him it was time to bite the bullet and call in reinforcements. Because there was no way he was leaving Ben here alone while he went out to forage for something to eat, and he knew of only one person he could count on to help him in this situation. When Hux flipped his phone over in his hand, he could only bring himself to look at it with one eye open. He’d been right; over the course of the evening, he’d missed three phone calls and approximately 18 text messages - four of them from Phasma, inquiring after his whereabouts and whether he wanted to go out for a post-work week martini, and he swiped to open the last of them. I need a favor. You know I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t have to. He sent the message without preamble, choosing not to address the invitation, then smiled across at Ben, hoping he didn’t look like a man who was currently overwhelmed by even looking at his phone. I’m going to need you to bring over the kind of food sick people eat. He considered the message briefly, then went back to typing. His COO was going to need directions more explicit than that; the woman had an iron stomach. He wouldn’t put it past her to show up with a carton of curry. Something easy on the stomach. Take-out’s fine, but make sure it’s soup or something bland like that. I know you always want to do that Indian place on 42nd, but don’t. It’s spicy as hell. Then, thinking of the bag of medications still sitting on his counter, which he hadn’t yet dared to open, he added: And pick up one of those medication dispensers - the ones that have the different compartments for organizing pills by times of day. He waited only a moment before tacking on: Make sure it’s one that looks like it holds a lot of them. Thanks, I owe you. :) Hey, he figured, it was a big bag. Best to be prepared. When he had finished, Hux set his phone next to him on the coffee table and reached for the tin of tea, placing it on his lap so it was in reach of Ben’s good hand. “Okay, remember the friend I told you about? The one who teases me for working late all the time? She’s on her way over, and she’s bringing food. Until then, I can offer tea - sans lemon - and maybe some ice for that bump on your head. What do you think?” “Y-yeah, that’s fine,” Ben stammered. “I-I’m so sorry - I know I’m inconveniencing you. P-please don’t feel like- like you have to do this. I’ll be fine on my own, I- I promise. The people at the E.R always make it look worse than it is. I’m fine. Really.” --- It was, of course, a blatant lie - and Ben was pretty sure Mr Hux could see right through it - but he had to say it. His mind refused to leave him alone until he had. It refused to leave him alone either way, but at least now he’d said it, and thereby given Mr Hux another chance to back out of this - to walk away from the pathetic creature that was Ben Solo. While he wished - desperately - for this to be real, for this to be that fairy tale rescue, Ben knew better. He had had over two decades worth of time to learn that no matter what they say, no matter how many beautiful promises they make… sooner or later everyone leaves Ben Solo. Sooner or later, he ends up alone. It was just how it was. He wasn’t worth the time or the energy, only ruined everything time after time, and he never fucking learned - but still he hoped, and so far absolutely nothing good had come out of that. He couldn’t afford to hope anymore. But he also couldn’t make himself get up and leave, like he should. He liked it here - liked it more than he knew what to do with. Sure, the place looked more like one of those model rooms you’d find in an Ikea - perfect, but not lived in - but it felt… safe , in a way Ben hadn’t really felt since his granny was still alive and he got to go visit her in her little apartment that was full of his grandfather’s art and her books. The cat, whose name he still didn’t know, helped a lot too. He may not be very good with people, but animals had always liked him - and he liked them too; preferred them over people any day. A part of his mind - that treacherous one that always whispered about his parents being the villains, not him - took note of the fact that he’d received more care and compassion over these last few hours, from a complete stranger, than he had in a decade from his parents. That same little voice reminded him that neither Han nor Leia ever sat in the room with him when he was being treated - they hadn’t since he became a teenager - and that maybe Mr Hux was the one who did the actual right thing in that situation. Mr Hux, his boss, had offered him comfort - had stroked his hair and tried to joke to lighten the mood - instead of just dropping him off or waiting outside. Ben tried to shut the voice up. Those were some very dangerous thoughts, and he couldn’t help but tense up, expecting a verbal - or, for that matter, a physical - beat down just for thinking them. The guilt only added to the nausea he was feeling, and he began to gather courage to ask for the mint tea instead of the Earl Grey. He’d never been a fan of it, but it was so hard to make himself say it. He really didn’t want to come off as impolite or ungrateful! But, perhaps the nausea could help him there; it was a good excuse for wanting something less… bitter. He could only stomach Earl Grey if it had been mixed out with plenty of milk and some lemon or sugar - but he didn’t know how to communicate that to Mr Hux, especially not when he’d just admitted to not having stuff at home to put in it. Mr Hux looked at him, and Ben curled a bit on himself, afraid that his apology had annoyed the man. It was the last thing he wanted - but therefore, given his usual luck, probably exactly what he’d done. “Ben,” Mr Hux said, his voice gentle, as he leaned forward and studied Ben intently. “I promise, were you inconveniencing me, you’d know. Ask Phasma when she gets here; she’ll tell you, I don’t have much patience for disruptions. If I say I want to help you, I want to help you. If I make you tea, it’s because I want to make you tea. And if I tell you that I know when you’re bluffing, it’s because I was in the room when you were treated and we both know it’s exactly as bad as it looks underneath those bandages.” He smiled, then got to his feet. “Now, I’ll tell you what I tell all my clients: it’ll be easier if you let me do the hard work. I’ll just grab some ice, then I’ll help you make your tea, easy as that. Have you decided which one you want?” “Uhm, I think I’d- I’d like the mint, if that’s okay? “See, that wasn’t so hard, was it?” While Mr Hux disappeared off to the kitchen again, Ben tried looking around for a clock. He had no idea what time it was - all he knew was that it was dark outside, but that didn’t really help. If it was too late, then there was no use in taking the Lithium tonight - keeping those twelve hour intervals was a real hassle, but he’d learned the hard way that taking two doses too close to each other wasn’t a very pleasant experience. And no matter what time it was, he knew that once he’d taken the Zyprexa, it wouldn’t take more than two hours, top most, before he was too tired and drowsy to even stand up straight. As exhausted as he was, it probably wasn’t even worth wasting an Intermezzo - he’d probably black out as soon as he was horisontal. The antibiotics worried him a bit, he’d done a few rounds of them before, and he knew they usually left him completely knocked out - nauseous, fatigued, his entire body feeling completely… off. It was bad enough that he’d be feeling like that due to the other medications - he didn’t exactly need the extra help from the antibiotics. Then it dawned on him - really dawned - that he didn’t have any other clothes. What was he going to sleep in? He couldn’t very well go lie down somewhere in what he was wearing now could he? He was soaked in blood, and though it had dried by now, it might still rub off on sheets and such and stain them beyond salvation. But how was he even supposed to go about addressing that problem? It looked like they might be the same size, sure, but Ben didn’t know. He was so bad at stuff like that - it was always Leia who picked everything out; Ben only did what he was told, and wore whatever clothes she found suitable. He had no idea what size he was in anything, and even if he did, asking Mr Hux for clothes was so far beyond what his anxiety ridden mind could handle. He also started to wonder where he was supposed to sleep. There seemed to be a lot of rooms in the penthouse, but Ben hadn’t exactly gotten a closer look, and he wasn’t going to make himself appear ungrateful by demanding a room. Sighing deeply, he decided to wait and hope Mr Hux would raise the question for him. It was always easier to just answer things, or to do what he was told - then at least no one would be yelling at him. --- When Hux returned from the kitchen, ice wrapped in a dish cloth, Ben hadn’t moved a muscle The tea was steeping, and the smell of bergamot mingled with mint made his mouth water - it hadn’t occurred to him until now that the last time he had anything to eat was at lunch, when he’d managed only a few bites of his salad, thoughts of the interview, which now seemed as if it had happened days ago, occupying his mind. Funny how that had seemed to matter so much at the time. Millicent was still rumbling happily in Ben’s lap, and this time, Hux settled down next to the two of them. “It looks like Millie likes you,” he said, reaching out a finger to smooth down the white fur along her ribcage, ruffled from Ben’s petting, and the orange tabby took a swipe at the offending appendage before hopping down from Ben’s lap and tearing off into the master bedroom. Hux would be lucky if he saw her again for the rest of the night. “Ungrateful beast,” he muttered, but he was chuckling to himself, used to the fickleness of her moods. “Mille?” Ben sounded equal parts curious and already just as fond of her as Hux was, seemingly unaffected by her hasty departure. “Yes, Millie. Well, Millicent, actually,” Hux clarified. “She’s my cat, believe it or not, though she acts like she can’t stand me half the time, but I suppose that’s for the best. I hardly have the time to devote to her that I should; she’s an extremely self-sufficient little girl, thank god. She’d never have made it this far if she wasn’t.” Ben was still looking off in the direction Millie had disappeared to, and Hux took the opportunity to place a hand along his cheek, turning his head so he could inspect the bruising that had already spread up his temple. He let his fingers brush where the purple was most vibrant, barely touching, the skin warm beneath his fingers where blood pulsed just underneath the surface, and Hux found himself hoping Phasma would hurry up and arrive already. Were people’s faces supposed to be this hot, he wondered. Wasn’t that an indication of illness? Perhaps he’d waited too long in getting the antibiotics into Ben and he was already running a fever. Then again, contusions were often warm to the touch, weren’t they? Maybe he’d simply gone too long without human contact and Ben was at perfectly normal body temperature. (And he refused to consider what it said about the state of his personal life that this was a very real possibility.) “Millicent?” Ben repeated, testing the word in his mouth, and Hux nodded. “It means industrious,” Hux said, bringing the ice up to press it gently against Ben’s temple. When Ben hissed at the contact, flinching away though the cloth had only skimmed the surface of the bruise, Hux shushed him. “I didn’t choose it for any particular reason - she’s not the type to go out catching mice, not even when she was younger, but something about it just suited her, you know?” He knew the ice, though it would be comforting once Ben adjusted to it, couldn’t feel good against his overheated skin, and he kept talking in an effort to keep Ben’s mind off of it. “You’re lucky you don’t have a concussion; this is some truly spectacular swelling. Only a few inches to the left and your eye would have been swollen clean shut.” Which really would have been a pity, Hux thought, as he studied them under the guise of inspecting Ben’s injury. His face was only inches from Ben’s, and when Hux found that he was staring, trying to make sense of the mismatched features, he did nothing to stop it. Not a one of them of went together, and yet… earlier, he had thought they might have been remarkable under different circumstances. Now, here in the muted lighting of his apartment, there was no denying it. While there was nothing about Ben that Hux would have called attractive, at least not in the traditional sense, nothing that spoke of the type of man Hux usually found himself drawn to, there was something… captivating in his face. Something soft and sharp all at once, there in the hollows next to his nose, and Hux wasn’t certain he could have looked away had he tried. “Y-yeah, I guess was just born lucky,” Ben said, and there it was again, that unexpected humor, delivered with such dry wit that Hux’ face split wide open in a grin, his cheeks strangely warm and tingling, even as Ben finally relaxed into the coldness of the ice, letting out a little sigh that gave Hux the barest glimpse of a crooked bottom row of teeth. “Yes, I can see that much,” Hux snorted, allowing himself to settle into the gaze he shared with Ben and rubbing his thumb over a beauty mark on his cheekbone, just beyond the edge of the bruising. It was far from the only mark on Ben’s face; there was another, bigger mole under his eye, as well as number of smaller dots extending down onto his neck, and Hux’ mind wandered, cataloguing them, as the track switched to Beethoven’s Symphony No. 9 in the background, the music soft but swelling. He was truly exhausted, the events of the day finally catching up with him - and while he’d never tested the sofa’s cushions, he had to hand it to his interior decorator, he really should have sat on the thing before this, because he sunk into it like it had been made for him. (Which he supposed it had.) The heating in the apartment was set just right, as it always was, lethargy setting in as it burned away the autumn chill, and unthinking, Hux brought his foot up, shoe still on, to tuck it underneath of his knee so that he was sitting on it. While he had heard of getting lost in someone’s eyes before, he’d never considered it possible until now. He could happily have contemplated Ben’s face for the rest of the night, he thought, and perhaps he really had been alone too long, if he was truly entertaining such maudlin notions. Whether the ice was doing anything to help the swelling, it at least seemed to feel good, so Hux brought Ben’s good hand up to hold it against his face, removing his own before the situation got any more dangerous than it already was. Everything about this felt too easy - and Hux could hardly afford to allow himself to get used to the feel of Ben’s warmth under his fingers, because he knew he’d only end up wanting more of it. He shook his his head; god knew where that would get them. “Good, now hold it there, just like that,” Hux instructed, reaching across to the coffee table to retrieve Ben’s tea for him. “Keep it on as long as you can stand it.” When a drip of water made its way down Ben’s cheek, the ice already starting to melt from where it was wrapped inside the dishcloth, Hux wiped it away. “Don’t wait for it to go too warm before letting me know.” He said, wiping his fingers on the leg of his pants, as much to erase the feel of Ben’s skin as to dry them. “The point isn’t for it to melt all over your face, and I’ve got more where that came from.” --- As Mr Hux removed his hand from Ben’s face, Ben found himself biting back a whimper at the loss. Loss ? Yes, that’s what it felt like, he realized. The thumb stroking over his skin had been smooth, warm - and he felt a sharp stab of pain inside at the realization that this was probably the first friendly touch he’d felt in… years . He didn’t count the hurried groping and sloppy kisses in the back rooms of Eden or any of the other clubs he visited - those encounters were never about affection or tenderness, they were about getting off with the help of another person instead of one’s own hand. Glorified masturbation under a very thin veil of mutually pretended interest. As he gathered courage to look at Mr Hux, he found himself absolutely lost. The man’s eyes were a pale green colour - somewhere between a light jade and spring green, his brain decided to offer - sharp against his pale and slightly freckled skin, and although they were certainly very piercing, he didn’t feel uncomfortable under that gaze. There was a softness to them, a spark of... something that Ben really couldn’t make out with his brain being as fuzzy as it currently was. Mr Hux was way too attractive for Ben’s tired mind to handle, yet he still found himself wanting to be looked at like this forever - and to be allowed to look at Mr Hux like this forever - and the realization startled him, quickly followed by shame. He was hopeless, wasn’t he? How pathetic. Someone showed him some basic human kindness, and Ben’s brain just had to go looking for things that weren’t there - that would most likely never be there. He should know better by now! Maybe he was just overwhelmed, he tried to reason with himself. Maybe he just needed to sleep for a while, to let his brain get its shit together, and then it would stop doing this. The last thing he needed now was to develop some sort of damsel-in-distress crush on the man who was so much higher up on the social and corporate ladder than Ben would ever be, and who was probably straight anyway. Nothing good would ever come of that. Nothing good ever came out of Ben crushing on someone - he’d learned that lesson the hard way, and more than once. The ice felt like a blessing against his skin - the swelling was becoming really uncomfortable, and he didn’t need a mirror to know he probably looked like absolute crap. It was still a mystery exactly what he’d done to earn himself that bruise, but he was - unfortunately - rather used to coming back into himself with all kinds of weird and/or unexplainable injuries. For all he knew he might have just punched himself. At least it wouldn’t surprise him much. He was faced with a problem, though, due to the fact that he only had one functioning arm at the moment, and that one was busy holding the ice pack against his cheek. He was starting to really want that tea, the fresh mint in the air was doing good things to soothe that queasiness he’d been battling for the last half an hour or so, but he couldn’t both drink tea and keep the ice on the swelling. If he put it down, it would either get the pristine surface of the couch wet, or the obviously highly expensive coffee-table - and he was stuck trying to figure out which one would be the least rude. Maybe it would be better to put it down on the table - at least glass should be easier to clean, in case there was still some blood on his face or something. He realized to his own horror that he didn’t even know if there was. He could see the rusty, brownish red in the fabric of his clothes - the slacks were beyond salvation, that much was clear - but he had no idea if he had just walked out of a hospital with his face covered in blood. Asking Mr Hux about it now, after they’d been at his apartment for ages already just felt stupid. Maybe Mr Hux had been staring in some sort of horrified fascination? Maybe it wasn’t softness so much as pity. Yeah, that sounded more likely. No one would ever look at Ben in any other way. He’d better just try to be on his best behaviour during his time here, and try to be as little of a bother as he could until he was well enough to leave, or until Mr Hux no longer wanted him around - whichever came first. --- Ben’s eyes flickered between Hux’ face and the coffee table, looking a little bewildered, like he wanted to ask to ask for something but wasn’t sure how to go about it, and it took Hux a moment to realize what the problem was. One of Ben’s hands was currently splinted and stitched back together, propped immobile on one of his sofa’s previously decorative pillows. The other was holding a rapidly melting handful of ice to his face. And Hux had just offered him tea. Perfect. Stellar. Really top-notch thinking, there. Hux groaned. Who knew how long Ben had been sitting there, wanting a sip of his tea but unable to reach it while Hux had stared at him stupidly? First he’d nearly starved the boy, and now he was well on the road to letting him die of thirst too. And that was only in the first day. Perhaps bleeding to death would have been the easier way to go. Yes, there was no question he had to get this budding… whatever it was under control, and quickly. He’d promised to take of Ben, not moon over him like some lovesick schoolboy - that wouldn’t do him any favors. What Ben needed was a friend, and if Hux was truly bereft enough that a pair of doe-eyes was enough to make render him dumbstruck, then he wouldn’t be able to offer him even that. “The tea. Dammit.” He cursed as he fetched the tea from the coffee table, the mug pleasantly warm in his hands, and looked at Ben’s arm meaningfully, where the fingers that poked out from the splints had swollen to match his face, wincing when he spoke again. “I’m sorry, Ben - I’m afraid I’m not very good at this, am I? Just give me a few days to get the swing of things and I promise I’ll be far more efficient.” “No-no. It’s fine,” Ben argued, which was something Hux was already tired of hearing from him. Because nothing about this was fine, no matter what the boy said. “It’s okay, you really don’t have to - “ He made to raise his arm from the pillow - why, Hux couldn’t fathom, because with his fingers splinted like they were, he wouldn’t have been able to do anything with them anyway - and immediately sucked a sharp, stuttering breath in between his teeth, the hand that held the ice to his face clenching and unclenching, unconsciously, while his eyes went round and white with pain, though he otherwise didn’t make a noise to indicate that what he had just done was a mistake. “Stop!” Hux nearly shouted, desperate to keep Ben from trying that again. “Don’t move. Here, let me just - ” and with that Hux balanced Ben’s tea between his knees. “Let me just take this from you and then you can drink your tea, okay? It should be cool enough by now, and it’s not going to kill you to go a few minutes without the ice. The swelling’s already gone down a little, I think.” There was no way for Hux to know if that was true, as the injury was currently obscured by the ice, but he hoped it was, as he leaned forward to move Ben’s hand away from his face. His fingers were stiff and frozen under Hux’s, and Ben held the ice so tightly that Hux had to almost pry it out his grasp before depositing it on the coffee table. The skin of his cheek and temple was red with cold where the ice had sat, but when Hux prodded the area gently with his fingertips, the bruise still felt warm beneath artificial chill. They’d have to apply the ice again as soon as Ben had finished his tea, he thought, and he pressed the mug into Ben’s hands, wrapping his fingers around Ben’s just long enough to make sure he was steady enough not to spill on himself. ...then just a little bit longer, to encourage them to shake off the chill from the ice. And then a moment longer than that, just because his fingers were already there and Ben hadn’t protested and it felt damn nice, okay? The moment had perhaps went on a little too long when he heard the door click somewhere behind him. There was only one person save himself who had access to the security code to his apartment, and on instinct, Hux wrenched his hand back, leaping to his feet in front of the sofa, guilty in a way he couldn’t explain. Phasma. She was scolding him even before the door had the chance to slam into the wall with the force of her opening it. “ Ethan Hux , you had better be dying or I’m going to kill you myself!” Chapter 6 Notes: Trigger warnings: food issues/disordered eating, themes of self-hatred, and suicidal ideation. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux had had the bad fortune of pissing Phasma off a number of times in his life. Generally they got on like brother and sister, any disagreements between the two of them resolved with a healthy dose of scathing banter and a bottle of wine that Hux allowed Phasma to drink more than her share of. But he had never seen her like this. She was dressed in grey fleece sweatpants with a drawstring cinched at the waist, her red overcoat open to expose a white wife-beater that hugged the curve of her breasts, a flannel scarf half-wrapped around her neck the only deference to the fact that the late autumn air had been cold even when Hux had ushered Ben to his car. Her face was devoid of makeup - no red lipstick in sight - her skin bare and shiny, as if she’d already cleansed it for the night, and the fringe that usually fell on her forehead was pulled back with a wide purple band. On her feet, she wore a beat-up pair of converse, one of them untied, Hux noted - and she looked livid. Her arms were loaded down with an array of brown paper sacks as she propped the door open with her hip, staring Hux down with enough ire that he wasn’t sure he wouldn’t melt into the floor then and there. “Phasma!” Hux tried, weakly, instinctively placing himself between Ben and the door and spreading his hands - the ones that had just touched along Ben’s face - in a placating gesture. Phasma knew him too well to buy his innocent act, but it was the only defense he had. He had to at least try. “Don’t you Phasma me,” she swore, her cheeks flushed - from cold or anger, Hux didn’t want to guess. “You texted me over an hour ago asking me to bring over ‘the kind of food sick people eat’ - whatever the hell that means - and I haven’t heard back from you since. I called you three times, Hux. Three times. After 30 minutes, I was truly beginning to worry. At 45, I figured you had died alone in your apartment like I always expected would happen to a hermit like you. I just didn’t think it’d be so soon. ” She jostled the bags in her arms, trying to get a better grip on them. They didn’t look heavy, Hux thought, but it must have been awkward, with so many of them. “Now get your ass over here and help me before I decide to kick it instead.” Whatever worry Phasma had harbored for him had apparently evaporated now that she knew he had survived, eliminating any hope he might have had of using that to his advantage. She gestured impatiently with the bags, and Hux reached behind to give Ben’s knee a comforting pat before leaving him on the sofa to hurry to Phasma’s side. He felt bad, truly he did - but surely Phasma was overreacting. It hadn’t been an hour, couldn’t have been more a few minutes, since he’d sent her the message asking for her help. “Don’t you think I would have texted you something more dire had I been about to expire on my apartment floor?” he shot back, Phasma bristling as he took two of the bags from her arms and held the door open for her to enter the living area of the penthouse. The look she gave him in response could have killed, and she shook her head like she was trying to flick her bangs out of her eyes - a habit of hers, even if they were already held back by the band in her hair. “Oh c’mon! You know I didn’t mean to worry you!” He wasn’t above pleading; Phasma’s anger was uncomfortable enough to deal with when he had to sit across from it in a conference room - it was unbearable when it was directed at him. “It can’t have been that long, Phasma! I just sent the text a few minutes ago. I don’t even know how you made it here so quickly - you must have caught the train at exactly the right moment!” Phasma set the bags still in her arms on the counter of Hux’ kitchen with enough force that there was a worrying clunk from inside, something glass meeting granite none too gently, and Hux reached out to steady them so they wouldn’t crash to the floor. “You ‘just sent the text a few minutes ago,’ did you?” She asked, Hux wisely opting to keep his mouth closed. This was the type of question that was better left unanswered. “I didn’t know there was a defect in the clock settings of the iPhone 7. Maybe it’s just the rose gold edition, because mine says…” She trailed off, reaching into the handbag she had slung across her shoulder - a small thing, metallic silver, and barely large enough to hold the cell phone she pulled out of it. “Funny,” she said, though her tone made it clear she didn’t think it was funny at all, and with a few taps of her finger she was accessing her messages and thrusting her phone directly into Hux’ line of vision. “It says you sent the message at 9:03pm. And it’s now, what? Twenty past ten?” There wasn’t much he could say to that, and chastised, Hux took a step back. Okay, so maybe Phasma wasn’t entirely unfounded in thinking he had died. He supposed, out of context, the texts must have appeared fairly alarming, but well… he was alarmed, and out of his depth, and he hadn’t really considered that Phasma would get so upset over the prospect of him being unwell. It was actually rather touching, and he let out a sigh of relief when Phasma allowed him to help slip the strap of the metallic handbag over her head so he could hang it on the arm of one of the chairs sat at the counter. “So time slipped away from me,” he said, hoping he sounded appropriately contrite. “You know I didn’t do it on purpose. You were the only one I could think of to ask, and it wasn’t as if I could leave. Please, Phasma, after the day I’ve had, I just need you to… to not hate me, okay?” He gave her his most winning smile, less shining than it would have been, had he not been so wrung out. “At least it looks like I didn’t interrupt a night out?” Which, now that he was thinking of it, was something of a miracle. It was after dark on a Saturday and, for once, Phasma wasn’t being admitted to any of Manhattan’s newly opened clubs. Instead, she was standing in his apartment, looking like she’d already been tucked in bed reading when she’d received his message. It wasn’t the first time Hux had seen Phasma without makeup, but it was the first time it had happened sober - the last time had been after a gallery opening, when she’d drank too much and Hux had been the one to help her to bed - and he couldn’t help staring a little. She was striking even without it, though the spot treatments covering the few blemishes on her face distracted from it a bit. (Not that he valued his life little enough to tell her that.) Phasma still hadn’t answered him - was, in fact, still giving him that look that said she didn’t care what type of day he’d had, she wasn’t about to buy into any of his excuses - and Hux gulped. “There’s really no need for you to wear makeup, you know,” he offered. “You’re beautiful?” He really hadn’t meant for it to be a question, but it came out as one. “Oh, bugger off,” she scoffed - but Hux had been friends with Phasma long enough that he knew playing into her vanity was always a sure bet, and the corner of her mouth twitched, itching to smile even as she tried to hold onto her anger. “I’m not stupid enough to fall for that, Hux. I can tell when you’re trying to dig yourself out of a hole. I’m not saying it’s not going to work , but I can tell.” She ran her hands over the hair that was pulled back from her face, smoothing it, clearly self-conscious now that she had cooled down enough to remember that she was standing in front of Hux dressed in her pajamas. “Now tell me why in the bloody hell you needed food for a sick person - which I got, by the way, like the quality friend I am. Because you look just fine to me, and I know you’re not charitable enough to be taking care of somebody else.” “Did you get the med dispenser, too?” Hux asked, digging through the first of the paper bags now that he was certain Phasma was going to forgive him. Someday. When he located something hard and plastic inside, he turned to look at Phasma. “No, well, I, uh. The thing is, you see, I -” He shook his head. The words wouldn’t seem to come out. How could he even begin to explain this to Phasma? Phasma who had once watched him pretend not to see someone fall down the stairs. “Really, it’s just - I’m not sure if word at the office has already reached you. If it hasn’t, you’ll hear about it soon enough, but - “ He fumbled for words for a moment more before giving up and nodding back in the direction of the sofa, where Ben had pulled himself into a tight ball, and the sight made anything he might have had to say to Phasma dry up instantly. The tea had again been abandoned on the coffee table, and Ben looked smaller than when Hux had left him there, his knees tucked to his chest, his shoes planted on the sofa, shoes Ben had been running around in all day - but that wasn’t what concerned him. There was a stricken look on Ben’s face, his front teeth chewing his lip savagely, and the fingers of his good hand were digging into the leg of his pants. Immediately, Hux knew something was wrong, though he couldn’t imagine what. Before Phasma had arrived, Ben had seemed… well, if not at ease, then at least slightly calmer than Hux had seen him before this, about to drink the tea that Hux had made for him. Now, he looked as if he wanted to disappear into the sofa, his eyes scrunched shut, and Hux dropped the dispenser back into the bag to rush to the sofa, swearing when his foot caught on the rung of a chair on the way out of the kitchen. It seemed he couldn’t go more than a few minutes without screwing up with Ben; even when he thought things were going right, the smell of something savory noticeable in the kitchen now that Phasma had removed her coat and was tucking into a carton of take-out, he did more harm than good. “Ben,” he asked, dropping to his knees in front of the sofa. He could feel Phasma’s eyes on him, the weight of questions he didn’t have answers to, as he placed a tentative hand on Ben’s knee, squeezing lightly. “Ben, what’s the matter? Are you feeling alright?” It was clear the answer was no. Maybe he was having a delayed reaction to the anesthetic from earlier, Hux thought - if so, he didn’t have the slightest idea what to do about it. The nurse hadn’t mentioned that possibility when Ben had been discharged, but now Ben’s knee was locked rigidly under his hand, the tremors from earlier back full force, and helpless, Hux looked back to Phasma. For years, she had been the one he turned to for advice when unsure in his course of action at the firm, the only person to whom he’d willingly admit fallibility, and he prayed that she’d be as intuitive in this as she was in manners of business. When their eyes met, Phasma had a fork in her hand, digging into a carton of some kind of noodle dish that was held open in the other, but she stopped the bite midway to her mouth, frozen, as she stared at Hux knelt there on the floor. It occurred to him then that, in the midst of their arguing, this was the first look she was getting at Ben, who had been in a bad enough state even before this, and her mouth dropped open just a bit. Hux would have explained, had she given him the chance, but Phasma took one look at his sleeves, the cuffs still rolled up around his forearms, and cut him off, sounding just as horrified as she looked when she said: “Hux, what did you do?” --- Ben’s mind turned into one long repetition of ‘ oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no ’ the second Mr Hux’ front door was slammed open and the shouting began. Normally, when he still lived at ho- when he still lived in Han and Leia’s house , he’d make himself scarce and go stay in his room until someone told him to come back down. Unless, of course, they were angry at him - which seemed to be most of the time, really. But Han and Leia’s relationship was a stormy one even without Ben there to make everything worse, and they could fight for days; voices always raised just under the level of actual shouting. They couldn’t let the neighbours know there were disagreements, now could they? Ben always had to try and make himself as small and invisible as possible, because it never did take much for the full focus to turn his way - and when it did, it never ended before he was a sobbing mess on the floor, begging forgiveness for ruining their lives. And now that woman - what was her name? Phasma? - was angry with Mr Hux, and it was all Ben’s fault. He couldn’t fucking believe himself; he’d been at Mr Hux’ home for what? A couple of hours? And he’d already started fucking things up. He had to fix this! Mr Hux had done nothing wrong, he’d been far nicer to Ben than he needed to by just staying with him when he was getting treatment - inviting Ben home with him, making him tea.... Mr Hux was a good man, pure, noble even. Nothing even close to the disgusting, tainted piece of filth that was Ben. He didn’t deserve to be yelled at; this was all Ben’s fault. The only one who should be yelled at or punished here was him - and God knew he deserved it after today. He could never make everything right, but he could at least try and get Mr Hux cleared of any blame. He just needed them to stop the shouting first, because it was bringing all the bad stuff back to the forefront of his mind, bringing back memories of so many times when he’d been caught in the crossfire with nowhere to go. It was like being back there all over again, and Ben was fighting back the panic, fighting hard against the need to run and hide. Fear was a heavy lump in his throat, and he could feel the tears starting to leak again. This had to stop! He needed it to stop! Needed it to stop, needed it to stop, needed it to stop! Needed it to stop right now ! Squeezing his eyes shut, he curled himself into a ball out of pure instinct, trying to make himself as small as possible. Wrapping his arms around himself to at least try to steady himself, to feel some modicum of control of his body and its reactions, he tried to focus on breathing again. He tried picturing those rolling green hills he’d seen during the vacation to Ireland all those years ago - how blue the sky had been, how the grass stretched on forever, how happy he’d felt in that moment. But he couldn’t let go of the feeling of absolute dread, and the rolling green hills became the green of a football field, his hand squeezing himself became Han’s hand nearly crushing his shoulder as he was dragged to the car, the silence of Ireland filled with the venomous tone of Leia saying they were selling his football gear since it was obvious he wasn’t good enough to waste more time and money on. Forcing himself to think of something else, to drown out the raised voices, Ben tried to think of something, anything , that was happy but not connected to his parents. He hated that it was always so hard; there never was a lot of happy in his life that wasn’t immediately followed by pain - but he needed to get his shit together so he could make that woman understand it wasn’t Mr Hux’ fault! Re-focusing on breathing, he tried to resist the urge to cover his ears when his hyper-aware mind caught on to the presence of a person right next to the sofa, followed by Mr Hux asking him if he was alright. No he was most definitely not alright, but as always when he got like this speaking was near impossible. He got all frozen up and he couldn’t find the words, and it only added to the stress he was already feeling. Mr Hux’ landed on his knee, and he zeroed in on the touch. It was a warm hand, it felt soothing, and he wasn’t pressing down too hard or trying to grab hold - just keeping it there, squeezing only just enough for it to feel grounding instead of threatening. Mr Hux had very nice hands, his brain decided to remind him for God knows what reason. Slender, pale, but very firm; not weak hands in any way - the hands of a man who knew what he was doing, a capable, determined man. His brain thought there might be freckles too, but Ben wasn’t so sure. Part of him wondered when the hell he’d managed to notice so much about Mr Hux’ hands, but since it was proving very calming and comforting, he allowed his brain to keep its little stream of thoughts going. It wasn’t as if he had the energy to do much else at the moment, and he really needed to fix this situation. Then the woman spoke again, and Ben knew an accusation when he heard one. He had to fix this now! Forcing his eyes open, willing his body to uncurl itself just a little, he looked in the direction of the kitchen where the woman was still standing - casually eating at the same time as she was angry at Mr Hux. As if she didn’t even feel like he should have her full attention! Oh, Ben knew how that felt, and he wouldn’t stand for Mr Hux being treated like that when he’d done nothing wrong! “Please stop yelling at him!” he managed to croak out, voice small and pathetic even in his own ears, but he had at least managed to speak! “This is all my fault, ma’am - leave Mr Hux alone! I’m the one who’s fucked up, Mr Hux was only trying to help me - and it’s not okay for you to be yelling at him when I’m the bad guy here!” Oh God, he was crying again, but he couldn’t back down. He could take being yelled at, it was okay, but he couldn’t handle anyone else getting all the blame for his fuck-up. “If you’re gonna yell at anyone, ma’am, you should be yelling at me, because at least I deserve it!” With that, he was out of energy again, and the fear he’d managed to temporarily push aside came crawling back, because now he realized he might get yelled at. Glancing over at Hux, he was all kinds of confused upon seeing that the man looked horrified by his little outburst. Shame struck him like a blow, and he curled on himself again - trying to make himself as small as possible, in the hopes that they would stop looking at him. It was making him so very anxious. He’d obviously managed to fuck up - again - by trying to un-fuck the whole situation. Of course he had. Trust pathetic waste of space Ben Solo to fuck up even when he tried to fix things. He should have just sent Mr Hux home and jumped into East River like he’d thought about earlier that day. That would have saved them all a world of trouble. --- “Ben?” Hux was still crouched on the floor next to the sofa, his knees beginning to ache from the position, and he shifted slightly to relieve the pressure. “Ben, I need you to calm down, can you do that for me? You haven’t done anything wrong, do you hear? Nothing at all.” That wasn’t exactly true - Ben’s office, as well as those nearest to it, would take weeks to repair, but he didn’t think Ben needed to be reminded of that right now. It was clear he was already punishing himself for something deeper than that, something that had been a part of him for far longer than his outburst this afternoon, and Hux pulled himself up onto the sofa, groaning as he did so, to sit at Ben’s side. Ben was crying again, just as hard as he had at the office, and, Hux realized with a start, had removed his injured arm from the cushion to wrap it around his ribs. The doctor at the emergency room had instructed him not to move it more than necessary - not to use it at all for at least a week - and now Ben’s fingers were straining against the splints that held them in place, attempting to dig into his side. If it had hurt just lying there immobile, Hux couldn’t imagine how it must have felt to try to force his recently dislocated fingers to bend like that, and he knew it must have pulled at the stitches holding his knuckles together, but Ben didn’t seem to feel it, instead wholly focused on bringing up the gasping breaths that shook his shoulders. When Hux reached out a hand to turn Ben’s shoulder back toward him, the boy flinched away, a tightening of all of his muscles at once, like he was bracing for Hux to deck him, followed by twist of his features that said he felt guilty for his reaction - and as he looked at the way Ben screwed his eyes shut tighter, waiting for something terrible to be done to him, Hux was suddenly taken with an indescribable anger. He wasn’t sure if it was directed at Phasma or at himself or at whoever had taught Ben to expect he would be hurt - possibly all three - his hand aching to crumple something all the same, the way he would papers on his desk when Mitaka was being particularly dense. But his anger was the last thing Ben needed added to the mix, and he pulled his hand back, shaking it out as he tried to center himself. Ayurvedic breathing techniques, right. Except he couldn’t remember any of them. “What did I do? Would you look at what you did?” he said to Phasma, when he was certain he could keep his words light and level, nonthreatening despite the frustration underlying them. “You can’t really think I beat the shit out of him? Look at the boy - he’s a mess. You’ve seen me in a fight; I couldn’t do this much damage if I tried.” “You’re tougher than you look,” Phasma offered, but her voice was hollow and flat as she looked between the two of them. Hux knew she felt bad - though Phasma didn’t mind scaring people, she usually kept it relegated to those employees who required a little scaring to keep them in line. “The last time you fought, you managed to get a few good punches in, even if you were three sheets to the wind when that bastard decided to insult your watch. I’m sure he’ll never make that mistake again - you would have broken his nose if I hadn’t been there to pull you off of him.” She gave him a lopsided smile and shrug of the shoulders, as if to say it’s the truth, and Hux hummed in response; in the moment, he’d been proud of his unsung boxing skills, but this wasn’t the kind of story Ben needed to hear about him. He didn’t want Ben thinking he’d just gone home with a man who went around attacking people for insulting his fashion choices - even if the asshole at the back of the bar last New Year’s Eve had been deserving of the bloodied nose Hux had left him with. That was a story better left for another time. “Ben, I’m going to get your arm situated on the pillow again,” he explained, turning his attention back to the boy in front of him. Hux hoped he’d be more willing to accept his help if he let Ben know what he was doing. “You’re not supposed to be moving it about, remember? So let me help with that, and then I’ll explain. Phasma may be loud.” And here he fixed her with an unforgiving stare that she had the good sense to respond to by looking down at her Converse. “ And obnoxious. But her heart’s in the right place, I promise.” This time, when Hux reached for him, Ben didn’t react, staring at Hux with wide brown eyes as he allowed him to prod at the elbow wrapped around his ribs. The bones there were as prominent as the ones in his spine, pressing white against his skin, and Hux fit his palm around them gently, taking the slight weight of Ben’s arm in his hands. Back at the emergency room, he’d had a hard time believing that Ben was 25, but looking at Ben’s face now - all wet, glassy eyes and tear tracks down a slightly-too-big nose - it was even more difficult to take Ben’s date of birth seriously. When Hux lifted Ben’s arm, Phasma coming to the edge of the sofa unasked to arrange the pillow underneath of it, he shot her a questioning look, narrowing his eyes. Phasma was many things, but none of those was motherly. Just let her try and question what Ben was doing in Hux’ apartment now that she apparently was at his beck and call, arranging pillows to his comfort. The thought made Hux choke on a laugh - he didn’t want to call attention to what Phasma had just done, lest she stop herself from doing it again - and he schooled his expression into something serious, as he settled the arm back on the pillow, Ben sucking in another one of those staccato breaths that Hux was learning to recognize meant ouch, that hurts but I feel like I’m not supposed to say that . “She was just worried,” Hux continued, rubbing his thumb soothingly over a circle of skin on Ben’s forearm that had been left unbandaged, “and she was right about one thing, you know. I shouldn’t have gone so long without responding to her texts. That was rude of me, though she definitely could have chosen a less dramatic way of correcting my behavior. One that doesn’t involve scaring my houseguests half to death.” “He’s right about that,” Phasma cut in, and she bent down to retrieve Ben’s tea from the coffee table. “This is yours, right? Hux never drinks peppermint.” She gave him the kind of wide smile he’d once seen her give to a particularly floppy-eared beagle the two of them had encountered when sharing lunch in Central Park, and Ben nodded just slightly, biting his lip and still refusing to meet Phasma’s eyes. “You should take a few sips then. It’ll help calm you.” Surprisingly, Phasma didn’t take Ben’s dismissal as an affront, holding the tea out to him and waiting for him to take it with more patience than Hux thought her capable of. When he finally uncoiled enough to accept the gesture, his left hand reaching for the mug clumsily, she helped guide the beverage safely to his lap, and Hux narrowed his eyes further. Just who the hell was this and what the hell had they done with the Phasma he knew? “As I was saying, Hux isn’t often right,” she continued, as if helping someone settle their tea in their lap was something she did everyday and not the strangest thing Hux had seen in the past week, “but in this instance… yes, I should have thought better of my behavior. I wasn’t expecting there to be guests. You might not know this… Ben, is it?” And Ben nodded again, looking at Phasma like he had no idea what to expect from her next. Hux couldn’t blame him - Phasma was his best friend, and he was flummoxed. “Well, you might not know this, Ben, but you are the first living human I have ever seen set foot in Hux’ apartment. I’m serious - I was beginning to think he’d installed some state-of-the-art security system that incinerated people immediately upon attempted entry.” “Phasma!” Hux exclaimed, alarmed, not for the first time, at her lack of tact. “That isn’t true, Ben. People have visited before.” And they had. Carpet installers. The repairman who had fixed his garbage disposal. The woman he had in to do deep cleaning once a month. Ben didn’t need to know the specifics. “Phasma just doesn’t always know when it’s not the best time for a joke, isn’t that right, Phasma?” His tone of voice dared her to disagree. When their eyes met over the top of Ben’s head, it was Phasma’s turn to narrow hers at him, and Hux felt traitorous heat building in his cheeks. He had no reason to be embarrassed - it wasn’t like he had anything to hide. He was merely being a good samaritan, he told himself; certainly no one could fault him for that. But the thought didn’t do anything for the pink flush he could feel lighting up his face, and he turned his face to the side, studying the back of the sofa with renewed interest. “Oh, I don’t know. I think my jokes are rather timely.” There was something smug in Phasma’s voice that Hux refused to acknowledge, and he was grateful when she turned her gaze back on Ben. It wasn’t the end of it, he knew - not by a long shot. This was Phasma, after all. But he was glad to at least postpone the uncomfortable conversation he suspected was forthcoming until his mind was functioning more quickly. There was no way he’d be able to able to defend himself appropriately from Phasma’s prying if he wasn’t in top form. “Good lord, Hux,” she said, looking at Ben critically now that her focus was on him rather than on the reason for Hux’ unease. “The boy’s still a mess, and he looks like he hasn’t eaten in a week. Were you going to feed him or just wait until he withered away entirely?” Hux felt a little guilty for talking about Ben like he wasn’t there, and he gave him a nudge with his shoulder, gently, so as not to jostle him. “Why do you think I asked you to bring over takeout?” he said irritably. “I wasn’t going to eat in front of him. You’re the one who’s already helped herself to dinner.” Phasma’s cheeks went a little pink as well at that, and, satisfied that his barb had landed, Hux continued. “What did you pick up anyway? It smells good.” And it did - like comfort food, warm and hearty, exactly the kind of thing Hux imagined Ben needed. Something that would feel good in his stomach as well as taste good going down. “You remember that homecooking place a few blocks down from my apartment?” Phasma answered. “The one with the wooden spoon on the sign, and that strange little duck? Why a duck, I ask you? Anyway, I picked it up there, some kind of chicken noodle casserole thing. I don’t know, but it has breadcrumbs on the top, and you can’t go wrong with breadcrumbs. You’re lucky I made it over here without eating the entire damn carton myself.” When Hux looked to the carton on the coffee table, he saw that Phasma wasn’t kidding - a good dent had been made in the casserole, and Phasma sighed heavily. “Don’t worry, there’s another container. I had to eat too, you know! You interrupted me to give me a heart attack in the middle of ordering my own take out.” She plucked the carton from the table and took another defiant bite, her chewing exaggerated, as if to make a point. “But it’s going cold now, so how about I make Ben a plate since I’m not certain he’ll survive for much longer left in your care without my help?” “Y-you really don’t have to-,” Ben began to sputter, but stopped himself before he managed to finish that sentence. It would hardly help him at the moment; it wasn’t as if he could actually do it himself right now, no matter how much he wished he could. But maybe it was alright this time? He was really badly hurt, and the doctors had told him to be careful - that had to mean he wasn’t being a bother, right? Glancing nervously between Phasma and Mr Hux, he swallowed hard, and tried again. “I-I don’t think I can manage too much,” he mumbled, blushing when the other two had to lean in - or, in Phasma’s case, take a step closer to hear him. “I’m not really… you know, that hungry, and it’s sort of late. C-can I start with a little? W-would that be alright? I really don’t want to be a bother-” And there he went again . If they weren’t already annoyed with him, they sure as hell would be soon enough if he couldn’t get a grip on himself. Clamping his mouth shut, he closed his eyes and tried to get his breathing under control. His arm was really starting to hurt badly now, and while a part of him was relishing it and feeling sorely tempted to just let it hurt - pain always having been one of his most favoured methods of self punishment - he knew that this was probably not the best time to do so. But getting the pain to lessen meant he needed to work up the nerve to ask if Mr Hux had any paracetamol at home. It seemed that the universe was simply refusing to give Ben Solo a goddamned break today. Phasma was looking at him, he realized when he opened his eyes again - he head cocked to the side, something he hoped was compassion and not pity radiating off of her. “Not that hungry?” she asked, the skepticism clear in her voice. “Ben, I can hear your stomach growling from here. It’s almost 10pm - I’m usually halfway through a bucket of Ben and Jerry’s right now. When did you have lunch? Did you even have lunch, by the way?” She just had to go ask that question, didn’t she? Ben fixed his gaze on the floor, face burning with shame. Was there really no limit for how much shame a person was allowed to feel in one day? Because if there was, Ben was pretty sure he’d passed it before they even made it out of the office - now it was just cruel. He shook his head, couldn’t bring himself to say anything. It was bad enough as it was. They didn’t need to know that the last thing he ate was an apple - yesterday. They were already worried enough as it was - they didn’t need that too. And, he figured, what they didn’t know couldn’t hurt them. Ben’s food issues were his own, and totally self-acquired problem. Hunger was almost as good a way to handle things as pain was, but he knew other people rarely understood that. It wasn’t worth the discussion that would follow, so he let them believe he just meant lunch today. “Okay, that’s it. I’m making a plate for you - don’t try and stop me,” Phasma said, and Ben didn’t know if her voice was supposed to sound kind or exasperated. It was so hard to tell with new people, but had it been Leia, it would have been the latter - with a hefty side order of guilt tripping. “You eat what you can manage. No one’s gonna be angry if you can’t finish it.” With that, she headed over to the cabinets, and rummaged around as if they were in her own kitchen until she had produced a plate and a fork, muttering something about what would be the easiest way for Ben to eat the food. Mr Hux had looked slightly horrified, but had eventually collected himself, gently patted Ben’s shoulder, and gone over to try and get his share of the food before it ended up either in Phasma’s belly or on Ben’s plate. When he came back to the couch, he’d brought the bag with Ben’s medication with him, and Ben couldn’t stop himself from glaring at it. He knew that once he’d taken the pills he was supposed to have taken an hour or so ago already it probably wouldn’t take many hours before all of those side effects started kicking in. Phasma came and sat down next to him, putting his plate down on the table and pulling it as close to the couch as she could, before handing him the fork. Mr Hux had been carefully reading the instructions on the bottles, before just as carefully gathering the necessary pills in his palm. As he handed them over to Ben - who had to scramble to put the fork down in order to take them - he seemed to realize something. “Water!” he groaned, already moving to stand up again. “Bugger. You need water to take these. I’ll be back in a jiffy with a glass - “ Ben had already thrown them into his mouth and swallowed them down with a small mouthful of tea. “You’ve done that once or twice, haven’t you?” Phasma chuckled once she’d gotten over her momentary shock. “I still think water is a good idea, though. You’ll need something to help the food go down, and this might be your last chance. God knows if Hux doesn’t do it now, he won’t remember to offer again until you’re well and truly dehydrated.” Mr Hux went over to the kitchen and fetched them some sparkling water and glasses, and the rest of the meal proceeded without incidents, and in silence. Ben struggled, but he put on a brave face and pretended he didn’t. He mustn’t come off as ungrateful or impolite! A lifetime of Leia’s harsh lessons were on repeat at the back of his mind, paired with a never-ending stream of memories of Han teaching him what happens when one fails to do what Leia says. Phasma had given him a very generous portion, and it had nearly made him cry all over again; it was far too much food for him. There was no way he could eat all of it without being, if not sick, then at least very nauseous, and probably have the stomach ache from hell for the next few hours. Han’s voice rang loudly in his ears, telling him that ‘ if it’s on your plate, you finish it - or else! ’ and Ben had learned his lesson well, and the hard way. It wasn’t a lesson he’d ever forget; sometimes he could swear he could still feel his ears ringing from the impact of Han’s palm - and today wasn’t a day when he was strong enough to battle that particular inner demon. He had to finish the plate, and that was that. Luckily, the other two didn’t seem to notice his little struggle - both Mr Hux and Phasma were clearly busy enjoying the food - and Ben managed to force the last few bites down, even though it felt like they might just come right back up. He leaned back slightly, to give his belly as much room as he could to expand, without looking like he was going to lie down or anything like that, and carefully took small sips of the water. Cold water always helped, even if it was just a little - and he tried to think about anything other than the heavy feeling in his stomach. He should have guessed that this brief respite wouldn’t last, because when Phasma had finished her food, she set the empty carton down and fixed Ben with one of those terrifyingly piercing stares again. As she looked him over, she seemed to be deliberating with herself, and Ben wasn’t sure he could handle whatever it was this was going to be about - his energy was draining so fast now, and all he wanted was a safe little corner under a blanket where he could sleep for a century or two. If he never woke up again, that’d really only be a bonus at this stage. Then Phasma grabbed the fabric of his slacks and looked closer at it, before staring up at Ben and Mr Hux in some mix of shock and outrage. “Is this blood ?!” she exclaimed, causing Ben to flinch so violently he bumped into Mr Hux’ chest. “Hux, for heaven’s sake! You’ve let the kid sit here all this time with his clothing soaked in blood? You can’t honestly tell me you’ve left him here this whole time without getting him a change of clothes! These pants are done for; this is never going to come out now!” Hux’ hands came up instinctively to steady Ben, wrapping his fingers around bony shoulders and holding tight for long enough that he felt Ben begin to relax. The boy was starting to sweat, the hair that curled around his ears damp, and Hux slid his hand up to press the back of it against the side of Ben’s neck, feeling for fever. He wasn’t sure how long it might take for any possible side effects of the handful of medications Ben had just downed - in one swallow - to take effect, and Ben didn’t look well. “Phasma, lower your voice, would you?,” he shot to her over Ben’s head. “The pants were a wash from the start; there was never any saving them.” Ben didn’t feel feverish - his skin was, instead, cool and clammy to the touch, and Hux turned his hand over to squeeze the tight muscles of his neck just once between pulling away. Phasma flinched. “Sorry, Ben , you’ll have to give me a minute here; I’ve spent the past the past three weeks speaking to the idiots over in finance. You’ve got to yell to get anything through to them. But my bark is worse than my bite, you’ll see.” Hux wasn’t sure about that - he’d watched through the glass as interns who broke down crying in her office were met with a tissue and directions to the door - but he kept that thought to himself. “But Hux, excuse my French, really is being a dumbass here. You’re going to feel more comfortable if you’ve got something to wear other than the ratty clothes you came in with.” She used the sleeve of Hux’ shirt to pull him up from the sofa. “What have you got in that closet of yours that isn’t something Thannison picked out for you? Something Ben can wear to sleep in - you know, some lounge pants, maybe? You went through a period where you thought you liked doing yoga, didn’t you?” Hux looked at Ben who, now alone on the sofa, had huddled into the corner, pressing a pillow to his abdomen and curling in on himself. He knew they were close in height, but it was difficult to guess what size he might wear. Probably something a little bigger than himself, Hux guessed, if Ben were at healthy weight - it was hard to miss the broadness of his shoulders through the thin fabric of his tee shirt. But Ben wasn’t at a healthy weight; the nurse had said he was at least 25 pounds away from that, and when he shifted to situate the pillow more comfortably on his lap, so he could curl around it further, Hux could see the indentation of his hipbones poking out from above his slacks. “I don’t know that I have anything to fit him,” Hux admitted. “I’m afraid my pants are going to hang right off of him.” Phasma rolled her eyes and thumped him on the chest, playful but hard enough to make him stumble back. “He’s not going to a fashion show, Hux!” she said, her exasperation evident. “He’s just going to bed. If the pants stay up, that’s good enough for us. Certainly you have something with a drawstring.” Hux opened his mouth to answer, then shut it again - he honestly wasn’t sure that he did. His experience with yoga had been a short one - it had only taken a few weeks for him to realize that he didn’t want to spend the rare mornings when he didn’t go into the office early contorting his body into shapes it was never meant to take - and Hux didn’t have much time for lounging. And he couldn’t very well offer Ben the pair of sleep pants he usually wore; it wasn’t like he could walk around the apartment pantsless with Ben as his houseguest. “I… maybe?” he said. “If I do, they’re in the back of the walk-in. I’ll go have a look - “ When he moved to make his way to the bedroom, Phasma blocked his path, her hands on his chest again. Hux hated to admit it, but there was a good chance she was stronger than he was, and that he couldn’t have made it past her had he tried. “Oh no you won’t,” she ordered, sending him sprawling back on the couch with a little shove that had Hux groaning in indignation. “Phasma, you will stop manhandling me this instant - “ he protested, and she shook her head. “We both know I won’t,” she said, her smugness really quite grating. “Now you’re going to stay right here with Ben and keep him from getting lonely while I go raid your closet. I don’t trust you not to come back out here with something business casual, and Ben needs comfort tonight, not fashion.” What that, she walked airily toward the master bedroom, Hux sputtering indignantly. The thought of Phasma pawing through his wardrobe filled him a sick sort of dread. His walk-in was large - the space divided between a dressing area with a lighted mirror, a shoe rack that took up one entire wall, and rows upon rows of button downs and slacks, vests and jackets that Hux had fastidiously chosen for himself. He loved each and every one of them, hung them as soon as he took them off, only ever saw them dry-cleaned, and he knew Phasma would never treat them with the care he did. Visions of her tossing his favorite tangerine cashmere cardigan on the floor in pursuit of appropriate clothing for Ben filled his mind, and he shook his head to dispel them. Whatever Phasma was doing in there, there was nothing he could do to stop it, because Ben really did look like he needed a friend right now. Hux may not have been a friend, but when he looked at Ben folding the pillow to fit it tighter against his stomach and absolutely refusing to meet Hux’ eyes, his hair growing curlier and more out of control by the moment, Hux found that there were, perhaps, some things less important than ensuring the safety of his wardrobe. After all, certainly Phasma wouldn’t truly harm any of his clothing…. much. “I truly apologize for Phasma,” he started, reaching over to help Ben fold the pillow into a more acceptable shape, his fingers brushing against Ben’s stomach as he did so. Like the sofa, the pillows on it were incredibly soft, and Hux regretted having never used them before. “She and I… well, we’ve known each other for a long time. She has… she has a big presence. I’d forgotten just how big until tonight. There’s no doubt she’s in there right now destroying my closet without any regard for my organizational system. But she likes you, I can tell - which is strange. Come to think of it, I’m not certain I’ve ever seen Phasma like anyone. Except for me, that is - and that’s conditional.” When Ben opened his mouth to answer, his tongue darting out to wet his lips - that was right, Hux remembered, the medications were likely to give Ben a dry mouth, even if he’d had water to drink with dinner - Phasma’s voice interrupted from the bedroom. “You don’t mind if I go into your drawers, right Hux? This closet is a Burberry nightmare. I can’t put Ben to bed in a shirt and tie.” “Of course I bloody well mind,” Hux shouted. When he felt Ben tighten next to him, he gave him an apologetic look and let his hand brush Ben’s side again, his fingers going pleasantly warm at the contact. “But that’s not going to stop you. So go ahead and help yourself. Just don’t rumple anything up while you’re in there.” That was too much to hope for, but a man could dream. And when Ben’s eyes lit up in cautious amusement at Hux’ consternation, turning the brown into a warm amber that reminded Hux a little of honey, he couldn’t resist his answering smile. “See what I put up with?” “She’s a little… uhm, intimidating,” Ben admitted, blushing, and biting his lip. “But I’ll… uhm, I’ll take your word for it.” “Well, in our particular line of business, that is something of a necessity,” Hux said, chuckling deep in his chest, which was harboring an inexplicable warmth. “It becomes rather difficult to turn it off after a while.” Ben was about to reply when a triumphant shout was heard from the direction of the master bedroom, making him flinch again, then blush even more. He wished he could stop doing that every time there was a loud noise, but he just couldn’t control it! Mr Hux didn’t seem to mind, though, as his attention was fixed on Phasma’s figure as she re-appeared - a victorious smile on her face. She had a bundle of clothes folded over one arm, and as she came back to the couch, she motioned for Ben to stand. Ben hurried to do as he was told, but the quick movement made the room spin, and he almost fell right back down - would have, if Mr Hux hadn’t hurried to his feet as well and steadied him. If Ben had been a little less tired and overwhelmed, he would have thought it strange that Mr Hux had touched him so many times already, and he hadn’t minded it one bit. Normally he hated people touching him - to the point where he would actually walk away from them - but for some reason Mr Hux’ touch was immediately filed under ‘safe’. With Mr Hux’ hands gently but firmly keeping him upright, he blinked a few times to get his bearings again before forcing himself to meet Phasma’s gaze. She held up a t-shirt in front of him, assessing its fit, he guessed, before nodding to herself. Next came a pair of simple black sweatpants, which looked like they might actually be the proper length even for Ben’s legs - something that was fairly unusual for him. Leia always said his legs were too long to find pants for, so it felt good to see a pair that might actually fit him - as long as they stayed on. The waist did look larger than he knew his hips were, but luckily the drawstring seemed to still be there. Ben usually hated those, and wasted no time in removing them if he could - but he knew that right now that drawstring was very necessary to preserve whatever little ounce of dignity he might still possess. “Well, you won’t win any awards for high fashion, but I think these will do well enough,” Phasma said with a satisfied nod. “Oh, and I took the liberty of digging up some underwear and socks for you as well, since I’m betting that blood probably soaked right through everything, and Hux doesn’t always think about the details. That’s what he has me for.” She sent him an exaggerated wink. “T-thank you,” Ben stammered, and accepted the bundle - shifting awkwardly where he stood. They didn’t expect him to change right then and there, right? “Uhm, where can I…?” “Hux hasn’t given you a room to sleep in yet?” Phasma fixed Mr Hux with a judgmental glare. “See, this is why you never have houseguests! You’ve got what, seven guest rooms? And you were going let him sleep on the damned couch? Where’s your hospitality - the boy’s hurt!” “Of course I wasn’t going to let Ben sleep on the sofa,” Mr Hux snapped, defensively. “I’m not a complete social pariah; I do have some idea of the basic social niceties!” He carefully moved a hand to rest between Ben’s shoulder blades, gently coaxing him into following as Hux lead him and Phasma down the hallway leading from the living area to the rest of the apartment. Ben couldn’t believe there could be this many rooms and open spaces in one apartment. Sure, it was a penthouse, but up until that point Ben hadn’t really thought homes like this actually existed outside of Hollywood movies. They rounded a corner, and stopped opposite a set of double doors, behind which, Mr Hux informed, was the master bedroom. Ben’s room would be right here, just across the hall, so he wouldn’t have to go far if he needed help with anything. It was also the nicest guest room he had, and Ben looked like he needed that right now. As they stepped into what was now, apparently, ‘Ben’s room,’ Ben was blown away for the ‘nth time that day by the sight. The first thing he noticed was the bed - mostly because it was really fucking hard to miss a bed that big. That bed would not have fit into his old room, that was for sure. The second thing he noticed were the floor to ceiling windows he probably should have expected, given the type of building they were in, and he was glad there were beautiful cream coloured curtains to keep the light of New York out of his eyes when he was trying to sleep. The third thing gave him pause. He actually had to do a double take when Phasma opened the door to a bathroom, complete - as far as he could tell from where he was standing - with anything he could possibly need. He was pretty sure the bathroom alone was as big as his old room, and he felt more than a little out of his depth here. “Go on, don’t be shy,” Phasma said, ushering him into the bathroom. “You can change in there. Just leave the clothes on the floor. Hux can deal with that later; he loves it when people disregard the laundry basket. He’s laid-back like that. Oh! Will you need help getting dressed, or do you think you can handle that on your own?” Blushing furiously, Ben shook his head, more or less slamming the door in their faces - locking it for good measure. He’d managed to get into his clothes by himself at the hospital, he could damn well do it now too. It wasn’t as if he hadn’t had plenty of practice when it came to getting himself dressed and undressed while having large bits of himself wrapped in bandages or plaster. It was a slow process, but he managed - refusing the whole time to look at himself in the mirror. He didn’t need to know how bad he looked. At least 25 pounds underweight, the nurse had said, and seeing how badly the borrowed clothes fit he was beginning to think she’d been trying to be nice and round it down - because he knew bad when he saw it. Mr Hux had a slightly more lean build than he did - not thin exactly, just less broad over the shoulders, with a straighter figure than Ben’s - but the t-shirt still hung loose around his chest and belly, the dark blue boxers felt far less tight around his hips than he thought they should, and the sweatpants… After the fifth attempt he admitted to himself he’d need help tying the drawstring; his hand was simply too damaged for him to manage it. Leaving the ruined clothes on the floor as he’d been instructed, Ben emerged into the bedroom again, where he found Phasma in the midst of fluffing up his pillows and shaking out the covers, while Mr Hux looked exasperated in the small armchair right by the bathroom door. He looked up when Ben came in, obviously taking note of the way he was holding his pants up - and Ben avoided his gaze. It felt weird to ask him to help with this, but at least Mr Hux’ touch felt safe. He couldn’t guarantee he wouldn’t flinch or accidentally punch Phasma if she came too close. “Ah, come here and let me help with that,” Mr Hux said, shooing his hands away and quickly tying the strings together with steady fingers. “There, that’s about right. Not too tight, I hope?” Ben shook his head, trying not to think too much about how comforting Mr Hux’ hands resting on his way too prominent hipbones were. He was really tired, and all he really wanted was to collapse into that bed and not exist for a few hours. If he was lucky, he might actually get a couple of hours of sleep before the nightmares began. Zyprexa usually did that to him - which was, if he was to be honest, the only real benefit of it. He hated the drug with a passion, but he supposed it did what it was intended to do: which was basically just to make him too tired to be able to hurt himself. Sleeping 16 hours a day was better than the alternative, at least as far as the psychiatric people were concerned. Ben remained conflicted. He hated being so sluggish, so disgustingly tired all the time that he could barely sit down without falling asleep. Right now, though, sleep sounded like the best idea in the entire world . “That’s the second item of clothing that has complimented you better than it ever did me. I’m beginning to worry this something of a trend,” Hux said, speaking softly, once he had taken in his handiwork. The sleep pants hung low on Ben’s hips, exposing the pale skin of his stomach - where a mole sat just over his hipbone, bathed in the dim light from the bedside lamp, Hux noted - but they didn’t look to be in any danger of falling off. That would have to do. Ben was all but asleep on his feet, swaying dangerously at the slightest push in any direction, and Hux told himself that perhaps if that hadn’t been the case, he would have been able to stop himself from touching him. It was simple concern for the boy’s steadiness that had him smoothing his fingers over where the drawstring had been tied into a tidy little bow and settling his palms on his sides, unconsciously counting the ridges of his ribcage. They were distressingly prominent, and made Hux want to gather the leftovers of their dinner, cartons still left open, cooling on his coffee table, and ask Ben to eat them. Now. But instead, he settled for guiding Ben to the side of the bed with a touch to the small of his back, just above where the sleep pants rode. Hux had always thought of the gesture as an intimate one - the kind of move he would employ in one of those sleek downtown bars Phasma sometimes drug him to, just a quick kiss of his fingers to the base of the spine to gauge a man’s interest when he stood up from his chair, back before Imperial Marketing had consumed his entire world. It was different with Ben, though, still intimate, but in a way Hux wasn’t familiar with; Ben needed this touch, needed to be told he could help himself to Hux’ space, and Hux left his fingers there as Ben sat at the edge of the bed, where Phasma had pulled back the covers for him to climb in. “There you go,” Hux said, helping Ben to scoot back so he was propped up slightly against the headboard. “Now remember, I’m right across the hall should you need anything.” Hux had never tucked someone in before, and he had been so young when his mother had died that he didn’t much remember the way she had done it for him, but it felt right to pull the covers up to Ben’s chest and fold them over, smoothing them down so they were free of wrinkles. They would be more comfortable for Ben that way, and, because he thought that might be more comfortable for Ben too, he arranged Ben’s arm so that it rested on his stomach, giving it a gentle pat. “This is…Yeah, uhm, I- I will,” Ben promised, a little sigh escaping the back of his throat when he reclined back into the pillows. The sheets were 1,000 thread count, as nice as the ones on Hux’ own bed, though Ben was the first person to ever make use of them - the first person to make use of any of the guest bedrooms - something Hux wasn’t prepared to think on in any great detail with the day he’d had. The implications of that could be unpacked another day, but when he looked up, Phasma had moved to the corner of the room and was watching them. Her arms were crossed over her chest as she leaned against the wall, a queer look on her face, one Hux couldn’t quite place - strange considering he’d previously thought he’d come to know all the twists of her features and what they meant. This one, however, was new, and it prickled the fine hairs on his arms, that damned blush back on his cheeks. By the time Hux turned back to him, desperate to avoid Phasma’s gaze, Ben’s eyes had already fluttered closed. He struggled to open them again, but it was a losing battle, and finally, he brought his good hand up to fling it over his eyes, which Hux took as a hint to reach over to flick off the bedside lamp, so that the room went dark save for the light that spilled in, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, from the city outside. “C’mon, Hux,” Phasma whispered in the darkness, coming up from behind him, “I think we’ve tortured the boy enough for one night, don’t you? Let him have his rest.” As he closed the door behind him, propping it just enough so that he would be sure to hear should Ben call for him during the night, Hux caught the outline of a small, blurred shape tearing across the room and then hopping up into the bed to fit itself against Ben’s side. Within moments, what Hux recognized as a light purr echoed throughout the room and beside him, Phasma chuckled quietly. “Well, that’s new,” she mouthed to him, and Hux allowed himself a private smile. “That it is.” He gave one last look to the boy already asleep in his guestroom before following Phasma into the kitchen to clean up. “You take care of him, Millie.” Notes: Thank you to all of our readers for all of the love you've given us throughout the first six chapters of our story! It means so much to both of us to get to share this with you - and every message, every ask, every review is something we treasure. As always, questions and comments can be directed to both or either of us on tumblr: Loke at ficlet-machine and Cat at thegoodlannister. We're always eager to hear them! Chapter 7 Notes: Trigger Warnings: EMETOPHOBIA (please heed this warning), food issues/disordered eating, continuing themes of self-hatred, descriptions of wound care. The second Ben woke up he knew he was going to be sick - it was inevitable. Cold sweat was pouring off of him, his t-shirt plastered to his skin, just like his hair was to his forehead. The saliva was building up in his mouth at a rapid pace, and the tightness in his stomach just kept getting worse. He was shaking violently, his muscles screaming in alarm, and flashes of hot and cold rolled through him again and again. It was his very small blessing that they’d left the lights on in the bathroom, and that the door was still slightly ajar, because as he hurried out of bed - his uninjured hand clamped over his mouth as his throat prepared itself for the thing to come - he knew there was just no time to either find the handle or the light switch. If he had, he would have been sick all over the floor and Mr Hux’ very expensive carpets. He barely made it as it was, with his legs heavy and knees weak from both sleep and medications, only managed to flip the lid up just as his body began violently emptying itself of all its contents. Millicent, who had apparently followed him, mrrowed anxiously as she stroked herself against his legs - even rising on her hind legs and putting her little paws on his back to sniff worriedly at him. He hated being sick. And because the universe just loved screwing him over, it had given him both emetophobia and an array of issues that required him to take meds that made him nauseous - and Ben hated every second of it. Tears began pooling at the corners of his eyes - as if he hadn’t cried enough for a lifetime during the previous day - as his stomach heaved again, forcing another round of vomit out of him. It hurt ! Every single muscle in his body protested against what was happening, his injured hand was protesting its position on the floor, his knees were in agony as his entire weight rested on the wounds from the glass he’d kneeled in at the office, and his throat was already burning with the acid. Ben wasn’t stupid, he knew exactly what had caused this, and he mentally punched himself for getting into this situation. He really shouldn’t have eaten so much last night - his stomach could barely take that much on a good day, and that had been his first meal in days. It was far too much food, too much fat, too late at night, and he’d eaten it way too fast. Of course it would make him sick - it always did, and yet he never seemed to learn. Clearing his throat and spitting out as much as he could of the vile taste in his mouth, Ben flushed the toilet, and sat back - carefully avoiding sitting on Millie - then loosely wrapping his arms around his drawn up knees, and running a violently shaking hand through his blood-and-sweat soaked hair. The black eye and the area around it throbbed and ached, but it was still nothing compared to his hand. Ben dared a look at it. From what he could see, it was slightly red, still swollen, and he figured he’d probably managed to moved it into the wrong position while he was asleep. He’d have to take a pillow or two and put it so he could keep the hand elevated. It was nice of Mr Hux to tuck him in like that - it had helped his sense of safety a lot - but Ben wished he hadn’t just fallen asleep right away so he could’ve asked for some help with positioning his arm better. Then again, if he had, he’d first have to struggle against all the pillows before he could get to the bathroom just now. Apparently, there just wasn’t any way for him to win here. Ben’s stomach tightened again, and he had to more or less dive back forward to avoid his stomach emptying itself right there on the floor. There was more acid than anything coming up now, but Ben knew better than to think it was over and done with. When he got sick like this, it usually lasted at least an hour or so. All he could do was sit there, puke and spit, and feel sorry for himself until he could collapse back in bed. Normally, he’d take a cold shower, but the best he could do now was probably a quick, one-handed, wash over the sink. He felt disgusting, and he figured he wasn’t smelling too nicely either, what with the blood still caked in his hair, the sweat, the disinfectants from the hospital, and now the vomit - it was one hell of a repulsive cocktail of odours to be drenched in, and Ben really didn’t want to think about how he must smell to everyone else. At least Millicent didn’t seem to mind it too much, as she had curled up as close to him as she could - resembling a bright orange little loaf - with one paw resting on his toes and gently kneading it as if she was trying to soothe him. All he wanted was to go back to bed, sleep this off, then hit the shower first thing when he woke up, and try not to think about breakfast for a while. But that was the thing: he still had to eat when he woke up. Now he suddenly had not only the Lithium but also the antibiotics that required food, and he knew that if he didn’t manage to eat, he’d have to try and explain to Mr Hux why he wasn’t going to take his Lithium, without sounding like he was trying to get off his meds. Ben may hate the Lithium with a passion, but he knew he needed it, and he knew that compared to some other things he could’ve been on, the Lithium was fairly kind to him. There was just that not so small issue of food and water making things a bit more complicated. He really hoped Mr Hux wouldn’t try to force him to eat before he was ready, or guilt trip him into it, call the psych ward, or anything. It was always such a vulnerable position to be in, and Ben hated it. Hated knowing that his voice, his knowledge of himself and his illness, was never enough - he was never enough. Other people always talked and decided things over his head, as if he was a child, and Ben didn’t even have it in him to fight it anymore. He just wanted it to stop, wanted that lump in his throat, that tension and ache in his shoulders from where he kept drawing them up in protection, to go away. He wanted someone to let him be a person , for just once in his fucking life. A few more rounds of throwing up, and Ben was starting to feel really weak. He wanted some water, but he knew better than to try and get on his feet right now. He just had to wait for this to pass first. This had to pass, then he could have a few sips of cool water, and then go back to bed. Even as he was halfway into the toilet, he hoped - desperately - that either sound didn’t travel here, or Mr Hux was a heavy sleeper, because he really didn’t want him to lose sleep because of Ben’s stupid body and stupider decisions. Of course, he had no such luck, he realized as he heard what sounded like the creak of a door being opened, and steps approaching. --- “Hnngh.” Hux rolled over in bed, taking the top layer of covers with him, bunching them up so they all but covered his head, leaving only a tuft of his orange hair sticking out. The light from the floor-to-ceiling windows across from his bed let him know it was early still - couldn’t be later than 6am, perhaps even earlier, if the sounds of the city were anything to go by. Still, even that light was too much, causing his head to pound fiercely, and he let out a groan as he turned his face into the coolness of his down pillow. The feeling of stuffed cotton wool in his head was a familiar one - one that usually meant he’d had one hell of a night - and this morning’s was worse, even, than some of the times he and Phasma had shut down all of Manhattan’s classier establishments and finally ended up in dive bars where he’d had reservations about sitting down on the worn-in booths. But they hadn’t done that again, had they? And if not, why in god’s name did he feel so poorly? He didn’t remember drinking the night before - but then again, that wasn’t necessarily a good thing. Some of his worst nights were ones he couldn’t remember. When he peeked out from under the covers, rubbing blearily at one eye, he could see that the fog of morning still hung over the city, and perhaps more important than the question of what he done last night was why in the hell he was awake at this hour. Hux usually slept like the dead, once he fell asleep, and his phone lay silent on the oak bedside table. He’d forgotten to charge it, he noted - though the cord was plugged into the charging port on the phone, the other end dangled uselessly to trail on the floor. Sitting up gingerly, he ran a hand over his face, the scruff of his beard rough against his palm as he felt blindly for the end of the cord with his other, refusing to open his eyes entirely to plug it into the wall. His mouth tasted like he hadn’t even remembered to brush his teeth last night, and if that was the case, he doubted he’d completed his skincare routine either, and just as he was contemplating why on earth a man in his mid-thirties thought that would be acceptable, he heard a rustling from the guest bathroom across the hall. He stopped dead, his hand half-way down his beard. He was used to Millicent’s sounds. She walked daintily enough that her paws were silent against the wood-grain floors, save for the little tick-tick-tick of her nails when Hux forgot to clip them for too long - this wasn’t her, and his heart started beating triple time in his chest. Someone was in his bathroom. Someone was in his apartment. He doubted he was being robbed; no one would ever have made it this far with the security system he had in place, even if they’d somehow gotten their hands on the entry codes in the elevator and again at the door. Which left only one option: he’d brought someone home with him last night. And that, he thought, was scarier than any burglar. He didn’t bring people into his home; if he’d had a one-night stand, which was looking more and more likely, he did so on neutral ground. Or - if Hux was especially interested - at the other man’s home. His apartment was a no-go; that was a non-negotiable. Until last night, apparently. Damn him and his tendency to think with his dick when he’d had a glass of wine too many. Throwing back the covers, Hux scooted toward the edge of bed, debating whether he should take something with him on the off-chance his apartment had been invaded, when he was interrupted by a whine, weak and hoarse, and then something that sounded like someone coughing, gagging wretchedly, spitting. It was undoubtedly the sound of a person being sick - and for quite some time, Hux guessed, judging from the way it sounded like they weren’t even fighting it anymore. Unconsciously, his own stomach tightened in sympathetic response, and suddenly Hux was painfully alert, everything so clear that he couldn’t believe he’d ever forgotten it. Ben. Of course it was Ben - Ben who had destroyed his administrative department. Ben who had split his hand open and bled all over Hux’ new charcoal grey suit jacket. Ben who Hux had accompanied to the hospital. Ben who Hux had invited into his home, who Hux made tea for, who Hux had tucked into bed himself. Ben who had been prescribed antibiotics that were supposed to make him nauseous. Ben who had apparently bought right into the list of side effects the nurse had warned him about and who was now losing everything Hux had managed to get into him last night in the toilet of one of Hux’s guest bathrooms. Oh. Oh. Hux was stumbling out of bed so quickly that he barely had time to find his footing, tripping over his own feet as he clung to the wall to keep himself upright. One of the legs of his grey sleep pants had ridden up around his knee in the night, though the other remained in place, and he knew his hair was in a wild state of disarray as it was every morning, plastered to his head on one side and sticking straight up on the other. He must look a wreck, he thought, one hand moving over the crease the pillow had left just above his beard while the fingers of the other trailed along the wall to keep himself steady, as he moved toward the bathroom. There was every chance Ben would take one look at his appearance and feel even worse, but it wasn’t as if Hux could go back to sleep with sounds of Ben being sick just a few rooms over. Why the hell hadn’t Ben called for him? Hux had instructed Ben to wake him if he needed anything, and Ben had been weak enough even before this. What if he’d fallen unconscious and smacked his head against the side of the toilet going down - had tested his luck and given himself the concussion he’d narrowly managed to avoid the day before? Really, Ben should have known better. Had he been sleeping any deeper, Hux might not have woken up at all, and then what? As he eased open the bathroom door, which thankfully Ben had left ajar just enough that the noise inside had traveled, Hux had half a mind to scold the boy the moment he was no longer hanging directly over his toilet. But as soon as he laid eyes on Ben, Hux had an important realization: he was an utter asshole. He had rarely seen a more pitiful sight than Ben, who was, as Hux had imagined he would be, crouched in front of the toilet, hanging onto the rim for all he was worth. His bandaged hand was doing what it could to support him so that he wouldn’t collapse into the water, his forehead resting against the porcelain as he gagged again, his whole body tensing with the need to rid itself of whatever was eating up Ben’s insides - although it sounded like his stomach had already done a fair job of that, the gagging pausing long enough for him to spit unproductively into the bowl. Hux knew that feeling, the feeling that there was nothing left bring up, stomach rebelling even against emptiness - he’d caught a truly wretched stomach bug last year and he wouldn’t soon forget the night he spent curled on his bathroom floor. It had been Phasma who’d come to his aid then, who’d made sure he hadn’t died, even though he’d wanted to. (And had somewhat wished he had, once Phasma was sure enough of his survival that she began mocking him mercilessly for the time he’d missed the toilet and gotten her shoes instead.) Ben swallowed hard, trying to control the reflex as he heaved once more, but immediately after, he let out a watery sounding gulp that suggested he was fighting a losing battle. Well, dammit. Closing the door behind him securely, Hux sighed. Fighting it wouldn’t help the situation; this was something Ben would have to get through, unfortunately. And though Ben had been so focused on not bringing up what remained of his insides that he’d barely acknowledged Hux’ presence, Hux knew that Ben knew he was there, that he didn’t want to throw up again in front of him. That he likely would rather have just let his stomach eat itself up entirely before succumbing to it, if he could help it. ... and if Hux hadn’t already felt like an asshole before, that would have done the trick. “Shhhh,” he said, as he leaned against the sink opposite Ben, keeping enough distance between them that he wouldn’t crowd the boy. He considered placing a hand where cold sweat had collected between Ben’s shoulder blades, gluing his shirt to the dampness of his skin, but thought better of it, unsure if the touch would help or hurt. Ben was already humiliated; he didn’t want to add insult to injury. “It’s okay; don’t go fighting it now. Just finish bringing whatever it is up; you’ll feel better for it.” It was the same advice Phasma had given him when he’d been sick, and it had made him want to vomit directly on her. “D-don’t know about that,” Ben answered, his teeth chattering fiercely, and Hux imagined it must have made Ben feel the same way as he took his bandaged arm from the floor to wrap it tightly around his stomach, curling into himself protectively. “Been a-at this for a w-while n-now.” A little whine escaped through clenched teeth then, and his head hit the the porcelain again as he breathed through his nose, rocking back and forth a little. 'A while?’ That could mean anything from ten minutes to over an hour. Just how in the hell had he managed to sleep through that, Hux thought. Or had Ben been able to keep himself quiet until it became too much? Whatever the answer, the knowledge that Ben had sat here alone for so long - his knees had to be aching from the position by now, in addition to the chorus of other complaints - had Hux abandoning his post at the sink and crouching next to the toilet, still not touching, but close enough that he could. “Here,” Hux instructed gently, when it looked like Ben had enough control over his breathing that he wasn’t going to start heaving again the moment he moved, “lift your head for just a second.” Coughing harshly and spitting one last time, Ben obeyed, though it seemed to take great effort, and he gave Hux a baleful look as he inched his head away from the water incrementally. Ben’s eyes were bloodshot, Hux noted; it looked like he had managed to pop a blood-vessel in the one nearest the bruising, and though his hair didn’t quite reach his chin, somehow vomit had managed to dry in the strands nearest his face. He must have been aware of how disgusting he looked, because Ben dragged his unbandaged forearm over his mouth, trying to wipe away the evidence - but what was dried in his hair wasn’t going to budge and really, Hux thought, he should have wanted to be as far away from all of this as possible. Instead, he steeled himself and hunkered down next to Ben, sliding to plant his ass on the floor next to him. It would be better on his knees if they were going to be here awhile. “Let’s see what all this trouble was worth, shall we?” Hux joked, keeping his voice light as he leaned down to inspect the contents of the toilet. It had been awhile since Ben had flushed - probably thought it was pointless since he wasn’t done, the poor boy, but Hux was glad for it, because it gave him the opportunity to make sure there wasn’t anything truly alarming in the water, like blood. “Ahhhhh,” he said, peering into the bowl. If someone had told Hux he would ever be so happy to look at another person’s puke, he would have told them they were mad. Because while it clearly been some time since Ben had anything more substantial than liquid to bring up, everything appeared normal enough - not that he was an expert - and eagerly, he flushed it down. “Looks pretty standard to me.” Even that helped to alleviate the cloying smell of vomit in the bathroom, and Hux hoped that, if it made him feel better, it would do even more for Ben. “Now do you have idea what might have caused this?” he asked, arranging himself so he leaned back against the claw-footed tub and chancing a touch to the hair above one of Ben’s ears. It was stiff to the touch, and Hux winced. “I knew the antibiotics might make you nauseous, but this seems a little excessive, don’t you think? It looks like you went and made an Olympic sport out of it.” Ben gave a weak shrug, then had to swallow several times before he could answer. That was a good sign, though. The more times he could swallow between each round, the more of it had passed, and the closer he was to being able to go back to bed and feel sorry for himself in a more comfortable environment. “It’s always like this,” he managed, sinking back to his knees now that he didn’t feel in immediate danger of throwing up again. “I’m sorry I woke you.” “Are you saying this is something that happens regularly ?” Mr Hux looked absolutely horrified by the thought. Ben shrugged again. Now was not really a time he really felt like having the Food Talk , but he also knew he owed Mr Hux some sort of answer. Why did shit like this always have to happen to him? Why did he have to go waking Mr Hux up? Because now he was surely going to feel bad, and it would be Ben’s fault. Again . He really should start making a list so he could punish himself accordingly first chance he got - it wasn’t as if anyone else would do it for him. The second he’d finished the thought, the shame hit again, and he had to close his eyes for a moment to keep himself from crying. “Ben?” Mr Hux spoke again. “I know you’re probably not up to talking right now, but I need to know: does this happen often?” “Sometimes. I’m not...” Ben had to pause and breathe through a new wave of nausea, but even though it was close, he didn’t throw up again. “I’m not very good with food, okay? I… uhm, I forget to eat sometimes. And… uhm, the meds make me so nauseous that sometimes I can’t . It’s been a few days since- uhm, since I had a full meal like that. I shouldn’t have eaten so much. I always get sick when I do. I’m so sorry. I didn’t… I didn’t want to be rude. I’ll be fine. I just need to-” He had to shut his mouth as a new round of cramping seized his belly, and he had to lean back over the toilet just in case. When it had passed, he leaned back again. “I just need to wait for this to pass first. It’ll be okay. It’s already getting better. You really don’t have to sit here, I promise. I’m fine. I can handle this - I’m pretty used to it.” “Ben,” Mr Hux said, taking in the state of the bathroom, “I think you and I have different definitions of the word ‘fine.’ See, if I were to wake up and find you puttering away in the kitchen - making waffles, perhaps - that would constitute ‘fine.’ Were I to wake up and find you still asleep in your bed, that too would fall under the definition. This, however? You throwing up nothing but acid alone in my guest bathroom for the last God knows how long? This is not ‘fine.’” Mr Hux carefully tucked some hair back behind his ear, gently putting the back of his hand against Ben’s forehead. “We’re going to have to work on that - and in the meantime, I refuse to listen to you apologize for being sick. It’s I who owe you an apology - I shouldn’t have been such a damned idiot and let Phasma give you such a large helping. The woman assumes everyone can eat like a horse just because she can. Turn your back for a moment when you go out for dinner, and she’s already emptied your plate as well as hers. And as for me sitting here with you, there’s not a damn thing you can do about it. In fact, I’ve become quite fond of my bathroom floor and you’re not going to get me to leave it until I know you’re feeling well enough to do the same. It’s Saturday. I’ve nowhere to be except right here, next to this lovely bathtub.” “Really, I’m fine,” Ben almost whined. “I really am! I just… I just need to make sure there’s no more of this coming, then I’ll go back to bed. I just need to sleep for a little.” “So the next time I wake up it can be to discover you’ve drowned your own vomit?” Mr Hux retorted. “I’m sorry, Ben, but I’m not going to explain to Phasma why I allowed you to choke to death in my guest bedroom when I could prevented it.” He looked thoughtful for a moment. “There’s nothing for it. You said yourself this isn’t a one-time occurrence, so until you’re certain you’re not going to spend your mornings hanging over the toilet, or at least until you’re capable of calling for help when you need it, you’ll stay in my room.” “What do you-?” Ben couldn’t finish the sentence as he had to clamp his mouth shut again. This wave passed as well, though it was touch and go there for a moment, and he focused on breathing through it. “You’re really making my point for me, you know?” Mr Hux said with a sympathetic twist of his mouth. “Please, my bed is almost obscenely large - I’ve been told I thrash around a fair bit when I sleep, but we’ll be so far apart you’ll never know it, and it’s the only way I’ll be able to keep an eye on you. I don’t say this to insult you, Ben, but look at yourself. You’re in no position to care for yourself, at least not right now, and I won’t get a moment’s rest until I know this isn’t happening again a few rooms over. You’d be doing me a favor, really.” Ben wanted to protest, he really did, but it was pointless at this stage. If he protested, he would come off as ungrateful, rude, troublesome - a bother . He could not afford to make Mr Hux think that of him. Mustn’t let Mr Hux think that of him. But the thought of him lying down in all his filthy, smelly glory, in Mr Hux’ bed nearly had him puking again from sheer panic. So after they’d waited in silence for a while longer - Ben trying to avoid looking at Mr Hux, and Mr Hux not taking his eyes off of Ben for a second - it seemed as if the whole puking nightmare was over. Mr Hux gently pulled him onto his feet, not letting Ben shy away from him, but instead just keeping a steady grip on him as he helped Ben over to the sink so he could rinse his mouth out for a little before they started moving towards Mr Hux’ bedroom. Much to Ben’s dismay, he could barely stay on his feet. It had been a little while since he last gotten this sick; he’d completely forgotten what a toll it took on his body. It was like he was made of jelly, possibly overcooked spaghetti, and he struggled to take proper steps. Mr Hux was patient with him, but in the end it was obvious that this just wasn’t working, so - to Ben’s absolute horror - Mr Hux picked him up, and carried him across the hall to his own bedroom. Bridal style - as if the carrying part wasn’t bad enough as it was. He made it seem so easy, too, and Ben really didn’t want to think about why that might be. They were the same height, and while Ben’s bone structure seemed a little bit heavier than Mr Hux’, it was still fairly obvious which one of the two it was who wasn’t an emaciated wreck . Hux put him to bed on the side that faced the windows rather than the door - and Ben was grateful; he’d always hated sleeping closest to a door. It made him feel exposed and unsafe. Besides, it was obvious from the state of the covers and things that the other side was Mr Hux’ preferred side. Somehow, he managed to be brave enough to ask for some pillows to put his arm on - so he could sleep on his side but not squash his hand or anything, and Mr Hux quickly made sure his arm rested more comfortably than it had so far. He still felt really disgusting, his left hand constantly coming up to touch at his face, and Mr Hux - of course - seemed to catch on. --- Hux had left the covers of his bed a rumpled mess, both of the pillows he’d used to box himself in the night before knocked to the floor, but Ben didn’t seem to mind, burrowing into them immediately, one side of his face pressed into Hux’ favorite pillow, the one he always kept his head on. How he’d managed to acquire it, Hux wasn’t sure - there were ten others on the bed, but that was the one Ben had chosen, taking it with him as he arranged himself, and Hux was loathe to ask for it back now, especially with the way Ben remained curled protectively around his stomach, looking perhaps more miserable now than Hux had seen him so far. If he could take some small comfort from Hux’ pillow… well then, let him have it. He still looked pained, his hand pressing into his stomach and his face pale underneath all of the freckles, but Hux knew from experience that having something soft to lay your head on, rather than the cold tile of the bathroom floor, was the first step to feeling more human. “Feeling any better?” he whispered, sitting down on the edge of the bed and resting his hand on Ben’s shoulder. The light from outside the windows was growing brighter now as the sun burned away the haze, and when Ben squinted against it, Hux leaned over him to hit the button on the wall that drew the blinds closed automatically. While they didn’t black out the light entirely, they did dim it, settling the room back into early morning - everything muted enough that sleep was not only acceptable, but encouraged - and Ben let out a little whimper in response, his good hand abandoning his stomach and coming up to pick at his mouth again. It took Hux only one look at Ben’s face to realize what the problem was - his lips were raw and chapped from his bout of vomiting, and a bit of the stuff that had missed his hair was flaking off around the corners of his mouth. “Probably not much, with that hanging around your face, hmm?” Hux sympathized, grimacing. The gunk gathered there was easily one of the most disgusting things Hux had ever seen, and when Ben rubbed his face against his pillow, he knew that, even after laundering, it would never be the same. That was a pillow he wouldn’t be using again - not that it looked like Ben had any interest in giving it back to him anyway, with how he kept his cheek pressed into its coolness. Hux understood, even as he mourned its loss - that was a really good pillow, always just the right temperature. He hoped Ben enjoyed it, the thought more genuine and less bitter than he would have previously given himself credit for. “It’s got to be itchy, at the very least,” Hux said, marveling at the fact that this worried him more than the state of his pillow. When Ben’s hand moved back up to his face self-consciously, bitten-short nails scratching at the mess dried there, he caught it in his own and returned it to the bed, then pulled his plush, white covers overtop it. “I’ve got something that’s going to work better than that. Just give me a moment.” Ben could more than do with a shower - they both could, if he was being honest - but he wasn’t in any state to stand long enough to take one. The vomiting had taken so much out of him that the boy hadn’t even had the strength left to make it to the bedroom, and Hux wouldn’t soon forget the feeling of Ben’s slight weight in his arms. It wasn’t until Hux was leaned over the sink of his master bathroom, tap turned to cool as it ran over a cloth he’d selected from the cabinet, that the reality crashed over him that he’d bridal-style carried Ben, still crusted with his own puke, into his own room. Ben, who had been in his house, was now in his bed . Had unknowingly stolen his favorite pillow. While Hux had slept with someone perhaps six months ago - six months? - he didn’t dare try to recall the last time he’d slept with someone, and when the cloth was sufficiently damp, he splashed a little of the lukewarm water over his face for good measure, grounding himself, leaving his beard and the edges of his hair dripping, before returning to Ben’s side. Ben’s hand was back at his mouth when Hux claimed his place on the edge of the bed, but he reached for the cloth when Hux presented it to him, his hand clumsy and shaking like a leaf, he was so wrung out. “Shhh,” Hux said - and he’d been saying that to Ben often, he noted, soothing him with quiet noises when he didn’t know what else to say. “Here, let me.” “N-no, you don’t have to-... It’s fine, I-I can- “ But Hux knew enough to expect the protest this time, and he just shushed Ben again, with a finger to his lips and a swipe of the cloth, starting at a spot by his over-sized ear, where something Hux didn’t want to think about had stuck Ben’s hair to the side of his face. It came loose easily enough with a gentle touch, and Hux hummed in satisfaction as he moved both the cloth and his attention to a spot on Ben’s cheek, directly overtop one of his moles. The evidence of Ben’s sickness disappeared under his touch, Hux tapping his cheekbone to indicate he should turn his head further into the pillow so he could more easily reach the fold beside Ben’s nose. It was perhaps the most tenderly Hux had ever touched someone, bathing Ben’s face there in his room, and he could feel the tension drain out of the boy as he began work on his mouth, letting the cloth rest in the corner of his lips for a moment, where the mess was the worst. It would be easier to remove if he allowed it to soak for a moment, and after, with only a little light scrubbing, Ben’s mouth was left clean, his lips pink as he ran over them with his tongue appreciatively. When he was done, he moved to Ben’s good hand, the one that had been picking at the flaking on his face before Hux could get to it, and gently cleaned under his each of his fingernails, which Ben had bitten down so far they were chewed to the quick. With a final swipe to the front and back of his hand, Hux disposed of the cloth, letting it hit the edge of his bedside table with a wet plop. Ben hadn’t said anything since Hux had begun the process, looking at the comforter as if it offered the answers to all of life’s great questions. “That will have to do for now,” Hux said, breaking the silence so Ben wouldn’t have to. “At least until we’re sure you’re not going to collapse in the shower.” He rested a hand on Ben’s belly, moving it in a small circle, and gave him a careful smile. Hux could still feel it churning threateningly within, underneath his hand. “You look vaguely more human, I can say that much. Do you think you’re going to need something to.. ah - “ He trailed off and bit his lip, searching for a way to phrase this delicately. “Do you want me to bring over a bucket or something in case you… in case you, you know?” Hux shrugged expressively, hoping he’d made his point without having to put it into so many words. “Or do you think you’re done for now?” Ben flushed at that, two bright spots of pink over his cheekbones the only color on his otherwise chalky complexion. “I think, uhm- “ his voice cracked, throat raw from all the acid, and he cleared it before trying again. “I think the worst is over. Once I can, uhm… can get it to, you know, stop, I’m alright.” Hux didn’t buy that. If there were two words Ben had trouble using correctly, they were ‘alright’ and ‘fine,’ but he let it slide for now, nodding and continuing the circular motions he was making over Ben’s bellybutton. It felt like Ben’s stomach was settling under his touch, and Hux was glad for it - and not only because he valued the safety of his sheets. “If you think you can manage to rest for awhile, I’m going to make a quick trip down to the drugstore,” Hux said, though the last thing he wanted was to leave Ben to his own devices. “The doctor didn’t say anything about you not being able to take over-the-counter medication for the nausea, and it’s clear we’re to need something more effective than mint tea to combat this. It’s time to bring out the big guns.” When Ben’s stomach gurgled under his hand, as if in agreement, Hux stilled his motions, applying gentle pressure to the offending area until it stopped its complaining. “That’s not to mention the sad state of my medicine cabinet. I - uh - wasn’t exactly prepared for addressing anything more serious than a paper cut this weekend. There’s a Walgreens on the corner just a few blocks down. I’ve never stopped in before, but they keep telling me they’re ‘at the corner of happy and healthy,’ which suggests they carry accoutrements for returning people to health. Bandages included.” There was an expression of disbelief on Ben’s face when he finished; Hux suspected his mouth would have been hanging open had he the energy. “You’ve… uhm, you’ve never been in a Walgreens?” he asked, like he half-expected Hux to be playing some kind of trick on him. “I - uh - I usually have people to do that for me,” Hux said, and he wasn’t certain why admitting that suddenly caused a twinge of embarrassment; he only knew that it did. He removed his hand from Ben’s stomach to push it through his hair, a nervous tic he usually tried to avoid, but he was aware that his bedhead was so hopeless that it didn’t matter. There was no salvaging it anyway, not without a shower. He’d have to walk into Walgreens looking like a common scoundrel, though for all he knew that might have been the standard there. “Oh,” Ben said, “well, I have. You really wanna avoid the stuff at the front of the store. It’s way over-priced, and they’ve put it there to make money off of people who’re in enough of a hurry that they won’t go past the check-out lane if they don’t have to.” Once Ben started talking, his voice got stronger, and now that he was on a subject he knew something about, he sounded more confident than Hux had ever heard him. “Wound care is usually near the back, I think - on the wall by the bathroom. At least that’s where it is at my Walgreens-...uhm, I mean, the one near my-...uhm, the one near where my parents live.” He stumbled over the words here, but only briefly, and then continued. “Antiseptic spray’ll be your best friend - it’s so much easier than the wipes for the uhm, smaller cuts. Go for the Walgreens brand, though. It does the job better than the fancier brands, even though it stings like a bitch. It’s what I usually use. I mean, uhm… it’s better.” When he finished, Ben flushed again, looking back down at the comforter like he’d done something wrong, which was really quite ludicrous. He had never heard Ben speak even half that many words consecutively before, and it was something he rather liked. Something he hoped to hear more of as he scrambled overtop of Ben to retrieve his phone from the bedside table, mouthing Ben’s directions to himself in an effort not to forget them. “No! No no no!” Hux exclaimed, opening up his notes and tapping at the screen furiously. “Please, continue. Listen Ben, if you don’t tell me what to purchase, I’m just going to grab the first package of ace bandages I can find, and then we’ll both be in trouble. Phasma will never let me live it down. So if you’d please take pity on me and tell me what you need, I’ll consider it a personal favor. Doubly so if you allow me to tell Phasma that I came up with it on my own.” He glanced up from his phone and gave Ben what he hoped was an imploring look. Ben hesitated for a moment, looking like he was caught trying to decide if Hux was bullshitting him, or if he really wanted to hear what Ben had to say. Ben wasn’t used to talking very much, Hux got the feeling - wasn’t very used to people listening to him even when he did - and Hux nodded encouragingly. “Please,” he added, for good measure. “Sterile compresses,” Ben said finally, speaking quickly, like he was trying to force the words out before he could stop himself. Hux didn’t have much of an idea what sterile compresses were - aside from being sterile, of course - but he typed the words into his phone anyway, waiting for further instruction. “And surgical tape to keep them attached. Oh! Or maybe the ones that have the sticky backs and attach themselves, like a band-aid,” Ben continued. “They would probably be a better idea for the bigger ones, ‘cause if they fall off, or water gets in under them or, uhm whatever, they might get infected, and, uhm, that’s... “ Ben winced, clearly remembering something very unpleasant. “That’s not great.” Hux believed him - he didn’t need to ask for details. He’d seen what Ben had gone through this morning far more intimately than he would have liked. If Ben thought something was unpleasant, it was unpleasant. Ben picked at the bandages over his knuckles now that there was nothing left to pick at on his face, loosening the edges, until Hux stayed him with a hand. “Umm… that’s probably it,” he said, nothing left to distract him now that Hux had stopped his fidgeting. “No, wait. You’ll need some cotton pads or something to clean the big wounds with, and some chlorhexidine. And gloves. You’re gonna need gloves.” Hux blanched. He wasn’t certain he was even capable of pronouncing that, let alone locating it on the shelf of a store he’d never set foot inside in his life, and from the way Ben looked at him, he knew it must have showed on his face. “I think it’s called, uhm, ‘antiseptic skin cleanser’ or something like that at Walgreens,” Ben clarified, looking embarrassed again at Hux’ confusion. “The staff c-can help if you can’t find it. They’ll know what you mean, and they’re usually nice.” He cleared his throat again and looked at Hux with wide, apologetic eyes. Ben, Hux thought, was perhaps the only person he had ever met who felt ashamed when other people looked stupid. “Okay,” Hux said, “okay. Yes. Okay. Chlorhexiwhatever. I’m assuming you must have fared better in chemistry than I did in secondary school.” Hux had known he was in over his head going into this thing, but with passing moment, it was becoming clearer just how far. Ben may have known what he needed, but he was counting on Hux to find it for him. No one had ever relied on Hux in his life - other than Millie, that was, and even she knew she’d have to fend for herself at times if she wanted to survive. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he breathed deep, thought of the way he’d washed Ben’s face. He hadn’t thought he was capable of that either, and yet he’d done it. He’d just have to do this too. There wasn’t much a choice, was there? “Okay,” he repeated, more confidently this time. “Okay. It’s all here - on my phone.” He tapped the screen. “I won’t be gone more than a few minutes - half an hour, tops, you have my word - and in the meantime, I’m going to have Phasma over here to sit with you, just in case. Still, I don’t want you not being able to reach me if something goes wrong, alright?” When Ben nodded, letting out a jaw-cracking yawn, Hux helped him to turn onto his side and put his arm back into position, slightly elevated, so that he wouldn’t roll onto it if he managed to fall back to sleep - which Hux hoped he would. The boy needed it, he thought, tucking the blankets up over his shoulders as the boy snuggled into them unconsciously. The fabric of Ben’s shirt remained damp with sweat, but the goosebumps underneath of it were finally subsiding, and his skin seemed to be a healthy temperature, if still a little clammy. If he was going to rest at all, now would be the time, before had to get up and take his next round of medications, and already dreading it for him, Hux stroked a hand down Ben’s spine. “You’ve must have heard my blue-tooth system, yes?” he said, his voice low. He had a feeling that if Ben wasn’t able to settle enough to rest for at least a little while, they’d find themselves doing a reprise of this morning’s act a few hours from now. “She’s the one who played the Beethoven for us last night. I call her Beru, and her musical taste isn’t the the only reason I keep her around.” When Ben looked at him quizzically, yawning widely again in a way that made him look terribly young, Hux stretched across him to rummage through the drawer of the bedside table. “Here!” he exclaimed triumphantly, when his hand latched onto a tablet with sleek chrome backing. “See this icon here?” he asked, holding the tablet up for Ben to see before positioning it carefully between the pillow supporting Ben’s arm and the one where he rested his head. “You touch that, and it goes directly to my cell phone. Easy as that. One click, and you’ve got me on the line. I want you to keep this here with you - and not just for now. That goes for as long as it takes for you to feel steady on your feet again, got it?” Ben gave a lazy nod, the fingers of his good hand moving slowly across the screen, watching the ripples they created in the imaging - but when he came to the icon that would call Hux’ phone, they hesitated. Hovered just over it, not touching. ...until Hux’ hand came down on top of Ben’s, closing the distance for him. “It works better if you actually use it,” Hux said, smug, as the sound of his ringtone filled the room. --- Ben had fallen asleep again almost as soon as Hux had left the room to call Phasma. He was just so tired, he couldn’t help it. He’d never say it out loud, but this whole thing just seemed more and more surreal to him by the second, and he was starting to wonder if his head was in far worse a state than they thought. How else could he explain being not only being allowed into Mr Hux’ home, and given his own room - with a bloody bathroom connected to it, too! - but even being tucked in under the covers of Mr Hux’ own bed as if it was normal occurrence. Did the man just go rescue people like this on a regular basis or what? Ben wasn’t sure he himself would let someone sleep in his bed - and he hadn’t exactly thought Mr Hux to even be the type get within six feet of a sick person, but here they were. With his blood full of Zyprexa, sleep did come quickly, and he slept like a dead man - thankfully without dreaming - but waking up was as hard as it always was when someone very gently shook him awake a little while later. That someone turned out to be Phasma, he realized once he’d gotten his eyes to open properly. She’d sat down on the edge of the bed, helping him to get some of his hair out of his face, and looked at him with… something that wasn’t pity. It took him a moment to recognize it as sympathy. As she’d helped him sit up, she’d asked if he’d like to have a shower, smiling as she stated that she didn’t trust Hux to remember that. Ben had nodded; he felt really disgusting, and she seemed to pick up on that. The shower had turned out to be something of an adventure. Phasma had dug out some more clothes for him - completely ignoring Ben’s embarrassment and apologies for being such a bother - and showed him how everything worked in Mr Hux’ bathroom. He’d never thought a shower could be this complicated to manage, but apparently everything was just over the top in this place. Phasma had helped him unwrap the bandages, checking the state of the compresses as they removed them, and frowning slightly at the spots of dried blood showing through. Ben had assured her that it was normal. Forearms, he’d shrugged, they bled a lot - it was nothing to worry about. Phasma had questioned his casual attitude at a volume that had him flinching, then apologized profusely for scaring him, and then - to his even greater horror - offered to help him shower. Ben didn’t like seeing himself naked, he sure as hell wasn’t about to let some lady he’d only met the day before help him clean himself! Eventually, she’d relented, but she wouldn’t let him lock the door, and as soon as he re-emerged, she helped him tie the drawstring of his borrowed sweatpants, and then tucked him safely back in bed. The sheets were new, he realized. It made him all sorts of ashamed that he’d been so filthy they had to change sheets, but he had to agree with her - it felt very good to lie down in a freshly made bed. He hadn’t guessed her to be the type to do anything like that - women like Phasma seemed like the sort of people to have servants, as far as Ben’s worldview was concerned - but he wasn’t going to complain. She had been a bit concerned about his wounds, but he had done his best to explain that they needed to dry and get some air on them before they could put new compresses on them. Even if Mr Hux had had the stuff at home already, they would still have to wait until his skin was dry, because wet wounds under compresses were hotbeds for infections. She’d asked why he knew so much about this stuff, then told him he didn’t need to answer, and went to make him breakfast. Ben had been scared halfway out of his mind by the thought of breakfast, but his stomach had actually growled a little - and in the right way, too. He could only hope, though, that she wouldn’t bring something as heavy as last night’s dinner. She didn’t. She’d apparently brought a banana, and a small cup of yoghurt, similar to those he usually ate, when she came over - and she’d made him some more of that mint tea. Ben had always hated being the only one eating - it made him feel like some glutton - and he hated it when people looked at him while he did it. But Phasma had brought her own breakfast. Some sort of shake, a sandwich, and a large mug of what smelled like Mr Hux’ Earl Grey tea. It took him almost as long to get through his yoghurt and banana as it did for her to get through her own much larger breakfast, but at least she was focused on that and not on Ben. It helped a lot. But even that small amount of food made him sleepy again, and Phasma had helped him settle back so his arm would still be free from covers and stuff even if he fell asleep, and then left him to ‘snooze a bit,’ as she said. Mr Hux would be back soon to help him with the bandages, but after that he could go right back to sleep, she promised. Ben was out like a light before she’d even left the room. --- Hux blew air over his frozen fingers, bags nestled in the crook of his elbow as he leaned against the wall of the elevator, looking skyward. He’d remembered to grab his gloves from the coat rack on his way out the door, but they were the fingerless kind, best used for driving - not for jogging six blocks to and from the nearest drugstore at 8am on a Saturday morning in November. It was damned cold out there, the air dry and sky overcast in a way that threatened snow. He wouldn’t be surprised if New York saw its first flurries of the year before dinner, the tips of his ears still burning with the chill. When the elevator pinged at his floor, Hux removed the glove on his right hand with his teeth and stuffed it into the back pocket of the jeans he never wore. Ben was right; the woman at Walgreens had been eager to help, had gone as far as to take his phone from him and look through the list he’d made from Ben’s instructions. She’d even been able to decipher what ‘colorhexidyne - antiseptic stuff???’ meant, which was impressive in itself, and Hux had tipped her heartily, despite her assurances that it wasn’t customary for Walgreens associations to accept gratuities. Inside his apartment, the air was blessedly warm, and he shed his coat immediately, tossing it on the coatrack in the entryway, then made his way to where Phasma was lounging on the sofa, curled up with her legs tucked underneath of her as she flipped through one of the photography books Hux kept on his coffee table. Hux raised an eyebrow at her. “Just because I gave Ben permission to use the sofa doesn’t mean you get cart blanche on the furnishings,” he said, dropping the bags on the counter next to the ones Phasma had brought last night so he could begin unpacking them. Typically, he wouldn’t leave things to accumulate in his apartment like this - bags on his kitchen counter and coats strewn haphazardly on the coatrack - but the past day had been anything but typical. Phasma set the book in her lap, open to a glossy photograph of the Empire State Building circa the 1940s, and gave Hux a look that made him wonder how far he’d make it before she caught him if he took off running now. She was wearing the same purple band in her hair that she had the night before, as well as a college sweatshirt Hux had forgotten he owned until now. Hux sighed; she’d obviously helped herself to his closet again while he was away. “I spent my Friday evening over here, helping you to put a stranger to bed,” she said. “And not in the way I usually enjoy. Then you woke me up when it was still dark - the sun was not yet up outside my window, Hux - “ That wasn’t true; Hux had been woken up by the sounds of Ben in the bathroom long before he’d called Phasma, and it wasn’t even fully dark then, but Hux allowed her to rant. “And asked me to come back across town to - to I don’t know what! Look at him? I’d say I’m allowed to sit anywhere I damn well please at this point.” Hux supposed that was a fair point, nodding as he read the back of a bottle of antiseptic spray. Certainly these things came with instructions, right? How much to use and how often? The ROTC had never covered much beyond making sure someone wasn’t in immediate danger of dying. “Oh fine, use the damned sofa,” he said, distractedly. “How is he?” “Ben?” Phasma stood up from the sofa. Without her shoes, she was an inch or two shorter than Hux, and her stocking feet were quiet on the hardwood floor as she made her way over to him. “He’s sleeping.” “Good.” Hux set the antiseptic spray aside to tear open a package of bandages - the girl at Walgreens had told him they were waterproof, but he couldn’t find where it said that on the box, and he ran his fingers along the edges, testing them. “He needs it. We had a rough morning.” Phasma opened the refrigerator and began rummaging about for last night’s leftovers. “You don’t say.” Once she had located them, she didn’t bother with the microwave before taking a fork directly from the dishwasher and shoveling a bite of cold casserole into her mouth. “I changed the sheets,” she told him, making a face at the taste but already going in for a second bite. “You changed the sheets?” Hux was overtaken with a sudden wave of gratitude. It was a small thing, really, but right now, everything was such a… such a mess that having someone to help clean up even a part of it made things feel infinitely more manageable. “Phasma, I… thank you , really. I didn’t think you even knew where the washing machine was -” “Oh, I didn’t say I washed them.” She licked the fork clean, then used it to gesture at him. “They’re lying in a ball in the corner of your room. I’m your friend - not your mother. Can’t have you getting used to that sort of treatment.” Phasma smiled devilishly as she perched on one of the chairs at the counter, knee bent so her foot was poised on the top rung, but after swallowing another bite of casserole, her face turned serious. “Hux, what are you playing at here?” Hux’ stomach turned to lead at her words, and immediately, he shoved the bags out of his way to focus on Phasma. He’d known he’d eventually have to fend off her prying, but he’d hoped he’d have at least a few more days to prepare. Long enough that he could start making sense of what he was doing before he attempted to explain it to anyone else. “Playing at?” he scoffed. “Phasma, really, I know you love your little conspiracy theories, but get ahold of yourself. I don’t have the time to deal with them right now. I got to next to no sleep last night, and Ben’s going to need - “ “You’ve got to be careful, Hux,” she interrupted, as if she hadn’t heard him at all. “I see the way you look at him. “The way I look at him? Have you lost your damn mind?” Hux’ cheeks were flaming, and no longer from the cold. He’d be damned before he listened to his best friend scold him like a child. “He’s hurt. Sick. Do you honestly think I’m planning some kind of conquest?” “I don’t thinking you’re planning anything,” she said - earnestly enough that Hux believed her. “In fact, I don’t think you have the faintest notion of what you’re doing at all. That’s what worries me. Goddammit, Hux. You’re a genius - how can you be so clueless. One or both of you is going to get hurt. Jesus Christ, you smell like vomit.” “Oh, well, I thought it was bad enough that you’d accuse me of putting the moves on one of my employees. Someone who needs my help. But now you’re insulting my hygiene too!” Phasma had left the refrigerator door open, and he slammed it, hard, the balsamic vinegar rattling against the door. “No,” she said, half-whisper, half-shout. “You’re not hearing what I’m saying, you absolute idiot. You spent the morning taking care of Ben, didn’t you?.” Hux couldn’t deny it, and his gaze dropped to the counter, where he picked at a hangnail. “He was sick; he told me. Hux, I know how you feel about this kind of thing. You hate being around anyone who’s sick. Don’t forget it was me who was with you that time in SoHo - as soon as I said I felt like I might throw up, you pushed me out of the car and told me to do in the grass because you’d get sick too if you had to watch me.” Again, there was nothing Hux could say in his defense; looking back on it, it hadn’t been his proudest moment, but the car had been new, and his suit newer. He hadn’t been willing to risk either of them. “Phasma, I’m sorry - that was insensitive of me. I shouldn’t have -" “That isn’t the point. I don’t need you to hold my hair back when I’ve had too much to drink. You’d suck at it anyway. ” She cut him off again. “You’re not acting like yourself. This person who takes home strays to mop their fevered brow or whatever it is you did for Ben this morning? Who is that guy? Because it sure as hell isn’t the Hux I know.” When Hux didn’t answer, doing all he could to appear fully immersed in removing the hangnail, she continued: “You like him, Hux - whether you want to admit it or not. And believe me, were this anyone else, I’d lead a fucking parade in your honor. Go much longer without getting laid, and you’re going to forget how it works. But this isn’t anyone else. Ben isn’t some guy you met in the bathroom at a cocktail party. You can’t spend the weekend together and then ignore his texts come Monday morning. It would destroy him.” Phasma pointed a plum-colored nail at him accusingly. “You’ve got me to pick up the pieces when this all goes up in flames. But Ben? Who does he have? He can’t afford your knight-in-shining armor complex here, and if you care about him at all, you’ll knock some sense into your head before you do something so stupid you can’t take it back.” There were a thousand things Hux could have said to that; he could have told her that he’d had a sudden change of heart, that he’d realized the way he was living wasn’t the right way, that taking Ben in was just the first in a long line of good deeds he intended to do before the year was out. That any interest he had in Ben was born purely out of concern for his well-being. That the only time he’d see Ben once he was well enough to care for himself would be if they passed each other in the hallways of Imperial Marketing when he returned to work. But before he could voice any of them, he was interrupted by a sound from the master bedroom. The crisp slide of sheets moving against one another, and then, just a moment later, the sound of his phone ringing in his pocket. Ben. Hux shook his head, already turning away from her. “I appreciate you coming over here this morning,” he said over his shoulder, anger making his words clipped. “Truly I do. So much so that I’m not going to mention the sweater you stole from me. But, Phasma?” They locked eyes, neither one of them willing to break contact, until a series from a short coughs and a mumbled “Mr Hux?” drew his attention back to the bedroom. “Leave it.” And with that, he left her to find her own way out. Chapter 8 Notes: Trigger warnings do not apply in this chapter. Proceed freely. :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben woke up from what he recognized as the sounds of two people arguing but trying to sound like weren’t. It made all his muscles tense at once and a lump formed in his throat. Upon hearing what sounded suspiciously much like his name, he went cold. They were talking about him. They were arguing because of him . Oh no. Oh no no no no no! Guilt seized him, and despite still being so groggy that he hardly knew up from down - courtesy of his medication cocktail - he tried to get himself out of bed so he could put a stop to it. No one should be arguing because of him - he wasn’t worth it! But, of course, his coordination was all off, and what he managed was to get tangled up in the sheets, accidently not only unlocking the tablet, but managing to hit that call button. Shit! He made to hang up, but his hands were too fumbly; one barely even functioning, and the other one hopelessly shaking, and instead he just ended up dropping it. Thankfully, it landed on a pillow that had somehow ended up on the floor, but untangling himself and reaching it was a challenge. Realizing that this simply wasn’t working, that if he tried to untangle himself and reach down, he’d probably manage to pull out some stitches, and he really wanted to avoid that. The voices were still going at it - sound seemed to travel really well here; after all, he was pretty far from the living room, where he guessed they were. The call thankfully disconnected, but the tablet was still on the floor - and that was bad, because Mr Hux had said to keep it close at all times. Maybe he could call for Mr Hux to come help him with this? It would be so embarrassing to have to admit that he’d accidentally called him, but he needed that arguing to stop. And his wounds really needed some tending to right about now, so he could wrap them back up and not have to worry about anything touching them without him meaning it to. Maybe it would be okay to actually call for him, at least in a situation like this. He tried, but he was lying in a bad angle, and his throat was more than a little dry, so instead he ended up coughing rather pathetically before trying to shift himself into a better position so he could make another attempt. “Mr Hux?” he called. This time it worked better. He wasn’t sure if it was the right way of addressing the older man, but Mr Hux hadn’t told him to call him anything else, and Ben had been raised to always address his superiors with respect, until told otherwise. Phasma had simply called him ‘Hux’, and while Ben thought it suited him in a way, he himself felt weird about it. He was used to calling people by their first name if they were on friendly basis with each other - but no way in hell did he dare call Mr Hux ‘Ethan.' He would, if Mr Hux asked him to, but otherwise Mr Hux would simply continue to be Mr Hux - because Ben would rather be accused of being overly formal than of being rude. The voices had stopped when he called, and he heard the sound of the front door closing. Either the one who left was angry, or that was just one very eager door - because the sound had Ben flinching. He sighed. He really needed to get a fucking grip on himself and stop doing that for every sudden noise he heard. Then Mr Hux appeared in the doorway, something that was probably supposed to be a reassuring smile on his face. “It’s good to see you awake,” he said, approaching the bed. “You’re welcome to sleep as long as you like, of course, but it might be nice to have some company now that Phasma’s decided to abandon us to our own devices. Though not before putting in new sheets for us, she made sure to tell me - trust Phasma never to let go an opportunity to discuss a favor she’s done you. We’re not like to hear the end of it any time soon, but her endless pontificating might even be worth it this time around. It looks like she even found the good set in the hall closet; they must feel much better for you, I imagine. At least you don’t look like quite so much like death anymore. Here’s hoping you feel slightly less like it too?” “I’m sorry,” Ben began, waving miserably in the direction of the tablet. “I-I accidentally made it call, and then I, uhm, dropped it, and now I can’t reach it. I hope I didn’t, you know, interrupt you and Miss... Uhm, you and Phasma.” Phasma had made it very clear that she was to be called by her name, and nothing else. Ben was not going to defy that - he may have a death wish, but it wasn’t that strong anymore. “Sorry? About interrupting the two of us? Ben, I give you full permission to interrupt Phasma whenever the opportunity presents itself,” Mr Hux said as he picked the tablet up and put it on the bedside table. “I told you last night, if Phasma and I don’t get at each other’s throats at least a few times a week, I start to worry something’s gone wrong in the universe. We don’t mean anything by it, really - except for those times she royally wants to kick my ass. And then you’re doubly invited to interrupt. As for the tablet, it’s hardly a worry of mine. It’s not as if I can’t afford a replacement, and it looks like you had the presence of mind to aim for the pillow instead of the floor. I’d call that a success.” He looked as if he was debating with himself, and it made Ben more than a little nervous that he was still standing. Eventually, he seemed to make a decision, and offered another smile. “Now, how about we take a look at what’s been hiding under all those bandages and see where my first aid skills truly lie? Where do you want to try this?” “Uhm, the kitchen table…?” “Right! The kitchen table - where else? Forgive my slowness - I function better on slightly more sleep.” He offered a hand. “What are the chances you’re going to collapse if you try to make your own way there, or do you think you can you manage?” “I- I think I can manage.” Ben managed, finally, to untangle himself, and went to stand up - but of course it sent the world spinning around him, and he would’ve fallen over if Mr Hux hadn’t anticipated it and supported him. “Your mouth says yes, but your legs seem to have other ideas,” Mr Hux joked, smiling gently. “You just put most of your weight on me, and this will work splendidly. We’ve gotten quite the hang of it, don’t you think?” --- After Mr Hux had helped him sit down on one of the chairs by the enormous dinner table, he’d retrieved all the items he’d gotten while he was out. Ben was impressed. Even Leia never used to get everything he needed - especially not when it came to the antiseptics - and Ben would have to clean his wounds as best he could, so he could go to Walgreens and get the stuff he needed. He knew Leia thought he deserved it to be a hassle if he was going to be stupid enough to hurt himself, and he couldn’t recall a single time she’d expressed concern when something got inflamed or infected. Mr Hux, it appeared, had bought half the store, and was now fiddling with the packages. Ben was surprised to realize that he actually looked like he was nervous. It was just basic wound care - how could he…? Then it dawned on him. Mr Hux had been just as nervous before going to Walgreens. Ben had thought he was just trying to make Ben feel better by pretending not to have everything under control, but now he was starting to realize that Mr Hux had no idea what to do. A part of him felt strangely giddy at the thought. Finally, there was something that Ben could actually do! Something he was good at. He could actually contribute something to this whole mess, instead of just being sick and helpless - a role he was used to, but hated more than he had words to express. When one was sick and helpless one was useless, and Ben was useless enough as it was without that extra reason. He gathered some courage, and cleared his throat. “Want me to walk you through it?” he asked. “I, uhm, I usually do this myself - but that’s usually also with my right hand. My left is pretty useless. But I’ve done it loads of times, so, uhm... If I tell you what to do, you think, uhm, you think you’re okay with doing it?” “That...” Mr Hux said, relief clear in his voice. “sounds like a winning idea. Consider me at your disposal.” He sat down in the chair closest to Ben on his right side, and motioned for him to go ahead. “Okay,” Ben said, letting out a breath. “First, you’ll need to bring a towel over here, to put under my arm - in case there’s blood or something. You don’t want that on your table. Then I need you to wash your hands, and put on a pair of gloves.” Mr Hux was surprisingly good at following instructions, and together they got all the wounds cleaned. There was still swelling, and some signs that the area was slightly inflamed, but Ben assured Mr Hux that it wasn’t anything to be too worried about. They’d just have to monitor it, and be careful with the cleaning. He was taking antibiotics for this very reason, and just because it was a bit irritated didn’t mean it was getting infected. Mr Hux had given him a look when he’d said that - a look Ben preferred not to even try to interpret. It was bad enough as it was. The bandages were proving a bit difficult, and Mr Hux admitted that he hadn’t quite been trained to do this kind of wrapping - his expertise was more along the line of stopping blood-flow. In the end, Ben got him to roll the bandages back up, then took them from him and swiftly re-wrapped his arm. That was at least something he could do even with his left hand - and Mr Hux looked impressed. Impressed, or possibly a little bit worried - he couldn’t really tell. “Thank you,” Ben said once they were starting to put things away. “You did really well, considering that was the first time you did something like that.” “Ben, while I’ll never turn down an appeal to my vanity - earned or not - I can assure you I wasn’t born yesterday. I’m just as old as I look, and I know when I’m being flattered.” Mr Hux said with a self-deprecating smile. “I’m hardly an expert after one dressing change, and I have to thank you for putting up with my attempts. I’m lucky to have such a patient and dedicated teacher.” Ben blushed so hard he feared his face might actually catch fire, and turned his head away, hiding as much of it as he could behind his unruly hair. “It’s easy once you know what to do,” he mumbled. If Mr Hux had any thoughts on that, he kept them to himself, and instead managed to convince Ben that sushi was a good option for lunch - since he needed to take the next round of antibiotics anyway, and it wasn’t really a disaster if he couldn’t finish all his pieces. They could go in the fridge for later. When Ben stammered that he had actually never had sushi, Mr Hux looked at him as if he’d grown a second head, and then promptly ordered what was probably enough for a family of four - so that Ben would have as many options as possible to choose from. Ben had been ashamed to admit that the reason was that his parents didn’t consider ‘raw fish and sticky, sugary rice’ to be food, but Mr Hux had assured him he’d met other people who seemed to share that strange prejudice as well. Once the food arrived, and Ben had felt stupid for a while as he asked what everything was, he had to admit that not only was this stuff really good - it didn’t feel too heavy, and seemed to actually agree with his hopeless stomach. The omelets turned out to be his favourite, along with what Mr Hux had told him was ‘butterfish’. He did not appreciate the tuna, or anything with avocado. The rolls had been a bit of an adventure. The California rolls didn’t work at all, but the regular ones were nice, once he figured out how to eat them. He had been beyond words grateful when Mr Hux explained that sushi was eaten either with chopsticks - which, in Ben’s case, was a no go - or with hands. It was what Hux christened ‘Ben-friendly’ food. The miso soup felt like heaven in a little bowl, and Mr Hux told him he could probably see to it that they would have miso at home at all times. After lunch, Ben had been tired again, but didn’t want to go back to bed. He tried to stay out of the bedroom as much as he could during the day, he explained to Mr Hux. It made him feel a little better to just be allowed to be on the couch or something - somewhere where he could focus on other things. If that was okay? He didn’t want to inconvenience Mr Hux in any way. In the end, Mr Hux had helped him to the couch, and retrieved some blankets from the bedroom. Together, they managed to figure out how Mr Hux’ TV worked, and Ben found that his favourite crime documentary series was airing all day. He’d seen some of the episodes before, but it didn’t matter; the familiarity was comforting - and since he knew he would end up napping through at least half of them anyway, he preferred it when he didn’t miss anything new. The rest of the day had gone by in a similar, lazy manner. Ben had managed some more pieces of sushi for dinner, and Mr Hux had secretly ordered more miso for him. Ben had been embarrassed, but Mr Hux had told him that his health was important, and if this was something his body could handle better, then it stood to reason that more of it should be acquired. By nine in the evening, Ben had managed to take his evening medication and then stumbled into the bedroom, more or less collapsing on the bed. --- Sunday morning rolled around with the both of them being woken up fairly late in the morning by Hux’ phone. It was Phasma, of course, checking in to see if they would need anymore of her ‘assistance,’ as she put it. Hux would have called it something else; he had never been a fan of being woken up by phone calls when he could have otherwise been comfortably drifting in and out of sleep, the surprisingly soft little breaths and whimpers from Ben eliciting something warm and, by now, distressingly familiar in his chest. Ben had had some nightmares, or something like it, at least, that had disturbed them a few times, but Hux had to give the medications their due; Ben was back asleep again within minutes, a soothing word or two all that was required to chase away whatever plagued him. So when Phasma called to inquire whether her presence was needed or if she’d get to actually have a day off, followed by her reminding him that tomorrow was Monday, and that he had better have a good plan for Ben’s day, Hux had some rather choice words for her. It would be some time yet before she was off the hook for her behavior on Saturday morning. They’d spent the day in a similar fashion as the day before - minus the more dramatic aspects - and Hux found himself enjoying Ben’s presence more than he’d thought it possible to enjoy having another human being in his home. He’d always valued the sanctuary of his apartment, but somehow, Ben didn’t feel like an intruder. Not exactly like a visitor either. No, Ben’s quiet presence - whether he was engaged in crime documentaries that had Hux stopping in front of the television each time he walked by or carefully munching on a sushi roll, taking the little bites Hux was learning made food for manageable for him - felt like something that should have been there all along and, now that it was, things slotted neatly into place to fit him. As long as it was a topic Ben felt confident in his knowledge of, the parts of Ben that Hux was willing to bet few ever saw surfaced readily. There came moments precious moments when Hux could have sworn Ben felt truly at ease in his company, cracking jokes - making the kind of snide comments he knew would have had Phasma clutching her sides. If she’d felt endeared to him from the start, she was sure to be head-over-heels as soon as she realized he could be just as much of a witty bastard as the two of them. And if that didn’t do it, Hux knew, she’d lose her mind the first time she saw him smile without reservation. Ben had had cause to a few times over the course of the past two days - he’d never seen someone so ecstatic over a second helping of miso soup - but Hux was too preoccupied with ensuring it happened again to dwell on the way his heart fluttered suspiciously with each flash of Ben’s crooked teeth. No, it wasn’t until they talked about, or did, anything that Ben wasn’t confident about that he returned to the boy Hux had picked up off the administrative department floor - someone withdrawn, stammering, always with an apology at the ready. On Sunday night, Hux had dropped a bandaid on the floor, cursing out loud before he could stop himself - and he’d almost choked on his guilt when he noticed how quickly Ben became small, quiet, avoiding looking at him, apologizing for things that were in no way his fault. It had just been a damned bandaid - Hux may have went overboard in his stockpiling at Walgreens, so they were in no danger of running out - but it had taken hours to coax him back out of his shell enough that he would even accept a cup of tea. Ben’s physical injuries may have been severe, but Hux realized more and more with every passing minute that whatever had been done to him emotionally, mentally, was far worse. It was a sickening realization, one he couldn’t let Ben see, lest he start apologizing for that too. As he focused on convincing Ben to try a vegetarian pasta dish from his favourite Italian place - their favourite Italian place, a voice that had no place in Hux’ mind whispered - Hux made a decision. Tomorrow was Monday. If Ben owned any clothing, it wasn’t with him, and he’d yet to hear him mention any other possessions. As it stood, the boy tucked into the corner of Hux’ sofa (the white comforter taken from the bed and wrapped snug around him even as he focused on loading a fork with glaringly red marinara sauce with his left had) had nothing he could call his own. It wasn’t a situation Hux could imagine - even after he’d thrown off his father’s financial help and the obligations that came with it, he’d never struggled with having enough. He’d only ever wanted for luxury, and what kind of man was he if he allowed Ben to live his life in only his hand-me-downs? A man deserved his own wardrobe. A well-chosen suit and tie, he knew, sometimes made all the difference when one felt as poorly as Ben had these past days - and while Hux couldn’t undo the damage to Ben’s self-worth any more than he could mend the gash in his knuckles or the bruising on his face, he could at least get him out of ill-fitting sleep pants and into something of his own. Something that flattered him. So that night, as Ben napped after dinner - eaten as early as Hux thought Ben could manage, so they wouldn’t have a repeat of the first night they had spent together - Hux dialed the number to Thannison’s personal cell phone. Freesman Sporting Club would be closed by now, but hell if it didn’t pay to have friends in the men’s fashion industry. --- “I’m not going into work today.” Ben blinked up at him from the bed, still in the wrapped the comforter he now took everywhere throughout the apartment with him. Although he’d made the call alerting Mitaka he wouldn’t make it in the night before, directly after he’d gotten the go-ahead from Thannison, Hux had still woken up early that morning. He didn’t need his alarm to tell him the sun was rising over New York City, that he should have been up and about before that if he wanted to make it across town and into the office on time, and once he was awake, well, that was it. He’d checked Ben for fever, as was becoming his habit - he suspected that, were Ben going to come down with some infection from his injuries, it would have happened by now, but one could never be too careful, and he couldn’t trust Ben to tell him if he was feeling worse-off than usual - and after leaving the back of his hand rest against the boy’s cheek just long enough to register that the heat there was healthy and more than a little welcome, had stripped and gone straight to the shower, where he’d scrubbed himself perhaps more harshly than was necessary. Now, his skin glowed pink as he combed his still-damp hair into place before blow-drying, a paisley tie draped untied around his neck, the top button of his shirt still open. “Y-you’re not?” Ben asked, meeting Hux’s eyes in the mirror. He struggled up onto his elbows, and Hux had to bite back the urge to tell him not to put weight on his injured arm. Ben might need his help, but he was an adult, one who’d lived 25 years without Hux monitoring his every move. If the movement hurt, he’d realize and stop it. “What? Why? Y-you’re the CEO, don’t they, uhm, don’t they need you there? What if something, you know, happens?” Ben had a faint look of panic on his face, and his hair, mussed from sleep, fell into one eye. Looking at him, it was all Hux could do not to chuckle. “Oh, everyone’s going to be better off for it, I imagine. Might be they’ll even throw a party. I suspect most of the office actually prefers it when I’m not around; they seem to think I’m snooping over their every move, when in fact I have so much on my own plate I’m lucky if I have a chance to spare half a glance at what the rest of my company is doing.” Satisfied with his hair, he moved to the collar of his shirt, arranging it so the creases were sharp, then began the practiced movements of the Windsor knot, speaking to Ben’s reflection in the mirror. “Imperial Marketing might not run itself, but I’ll be surprised if we don’t hear the sigh of relief from here once the email goes out that I won’t be in the office today. And besides, Phasma’s more than equipped for the task of keeping those dancing monkeys in line. I have something more important to tend to this afternoon.” By the time he turned to face Ben, he was fully dressed and ready to face Thannison’s eye. He always made sure to look his best when visiting the shop; Thannison could be a harsh critic when he wanted to be, the first to notice a cufflink out of a place or slacks not properly pressed, and he was doing Hux a favor today. It was the least Hux could do to show that it was appreciated, that all of Thannison’s work in attiring him didn’t go for naught. “Do - do you call out of work often?” Ben asked, looking Hux up and down in a way that had Hux shifting his weight from foot to foot, though he couldn’t put his finger on why. Certainly Ben didn’t care one way or the other whether his tie was on straight or if he’d parted his hair in exactly the right place, and yet Hux was glad that he had. “This will be the first time in the five years I’ve run the place,” he admitted, giving his shoulders a little shrug. The fit of the shirt was just right, stretching across his shoulders as he did so, and he reached for the jacket he’d slung over the bedpost. “Oh. Wow. Uhm, “ Ben leaned his weight onto one arm, coughing into his fist. “Sounds like, uhm, like today’s really important, then - since you’ve gotten all dressed up for it and everything. Uhm. N-not that you’re too dressed up - I just, uhm… I just mean that you… uhm, that you look really good?” The words came out as a question, the tips of Ben’s ears burning a red so bright it looked painful, and Hux quickly turned back to the mirror, straightening a tie that was already so straight even Thannison couldn’t have found fault with it. He fiddled with the knot, knowing all the while that it was already one of the best he’d ever tied, then pulled on the sleeves of his perfectly fitted suit jacket. “I - Ben…” and it was Hux’ turn to cough then, cursing to himself when his voice chose that moment to crack embarrassingly. “Thank you, but it’s nothing special. Just the magic of a good suit. It has very little to do with me at all, really. Put any man in the right suit, fitted by the right tailor, and he’s bound to look a good sight better than he did without it.” His own ears were hot to the touch when he slicked his hair back again, dislodging a lock that had previously been in place. “But if you like what I’m wearing, then yes, I’d say the reason I’m taking the day off is very important.” The flush had moved from Ben’s ears down onto his cheeks, and he pulled the comforter up to his chin, cocking his head to the side. “Ben,” Hux said, speaking over the thought that he had little interest in ever purchasing another suit for himself, if Ben liked seeing him in this one so much. “Best start getting ready. We’re going shopping.” --- “Is that warm enough?” One of Hux’ scarves - thick-knit, in a dark shade of plum - was wrapped around Ben’s neck, up over his mouth, and he was wearing the same pair of jeans Hux had worn on his trek to Walgreens just a few days before. It had been years since Hux had worn them before that, and he’d filled out a little since then, thank goodness - which meant that, with the help of a belt from the back of Hux’ closet, they fit Ben better than anything he had worn so far. He reached over to adjust the scarf, making sure it covered Ben’s mouth adequately, before his driver came around to the side of the car, where he opened the door to let Ben out. Hux had to admit, the scarf, paired with a leather jacket that had been a favorite of Hux’ while he was getting his MBA, favored Ben. Here in the most casual of Hux’ clothing, he looked… good. Better than good. He looked like someone who might have caused Hux to look twice on the street. The cold had left the tip of his nose red enough that he hadn’t shaken it for the entire car ride over, but it only served to enhance the distinction of his features, while the borrowed jeans rode low on his hips, and when Ben made to stand from the leather seat, Hux’ hand went automatically to his lower back to steady him. Hux had ever been a gentlemen, he told himself, keeping the hand there until Ben had unfolded himself from the car, then taking hold of his elbow after he was on his feet as well. “Really warm,” Ben agreed, snuggling into the scarf to show he meant the words. “I, uhm, don’t think I’ve ever worn a scarf this nice before. You got many of these?” Hux shook his head, laughing. “Too many.” He was wearing another, almost identical, but of a grey plaid that complemented his charcoal peacoat, and his breath turned to crystal in the air as he guided Ben toward the double-doors of Freesman Sporting Club. The light glowed cheerily from within, spilling out into the grey New York afternoon. It may have been a little early, but they’d just begun their holiday decorating, it looked like, bright strands of red garland wrapped around the gold pillars that marked the entrance. While Hux had never been one for the holidays - nor had his father, and all celebrations as a child had been minimal - there was something about the display here that always managed to warm his spirit a little. He supposed because it looked so much like a New York City Christmas should look, almost like a postcard, and when Ben beamed open and unreserved up at the filigree above the doors, which had been fitted with a star, large enough that it would never have been tasteful on a smaller building, Hux tightened his hold on his elbow just a fraction, allowing himself to relish the feeling. After all, it was only for a moment. “Be careful of that ice there,” he warned, steering Ben deftly around a patch of the stuff, sprinkled with salt, but not enough to make any real difference. The boy was lost in the moment, still staring around him in awe as if he’d just set foot in the city for the first time, fresh off a plane at JFK, and Hux didn’t need him landing on his ass and adding to his list of injuries. “It always gathers right outside the stoop, and Thannison’s man is terrible about getting in early enough to remove it before customers start arriving.” Ben nodded dumbly as Hux stepped in front of him to open the door. “I- I don’t.. Mr Hux, this place is… it’s so beautiful,” he stammered, twisting the fabric of Hux’s scarf between the knuckles of his good hand. “But you know I can’t… Uhm, I’m never going to, uhm.. you know, be able to afford anything they have here.” He was still staring up at the star above their heads, the turn of his face so wistful Hux had to look away, before he started thinking of the things he wanted and could never afford. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he said brusquely, to cover up the strange choked feeling in his throat, but his voice softened when Ben flinched minutely. “Ben, you’re my guest. Whenever we’re out together, I want you to assume you don’t have to afford anything. My status comes with certain… advantages, and as long as they are extended to me, they’re extended to you as well. For as long as you want or need them. Do you hear me?” Ben looked as if he was debating arguing, chewing his lip thoughtfully, but the longing look he gave the scene behind Freesman Sporting Club’s glass doors gave him away. Perhaps he felt like he should turn down Hux’ offer, but Hux could tell that he didn’t want to. He wanted to see and touch the fine fabrics the mannequins in the display window wore, and the decision to protest was taken from him when the door swung open in Hux’ hand, revealing a slight man, perhaps Hux’ age, perhaps a little older, dressed, as usual, in one of the finest cut suits Hux had ever seen. Thannison’s suits never failed to surprise and delight him. As slight as he was, with Hux towering over him by a fair few inches, Thannison could easily have looked half a child, but from the moment they had met, Hux had not once seen him as anything other than perfectly polished. Imposing in the way he carried himself. What he lacked in stature, he more than made up for in presentation, his hair close-cropped on the sides, shorter than Hux’. The two of them shared the same barber - he operated out of the back of the shop, so the men who shopped here could complete the experience with a shave and haircut before venturing back out onto the city streets, fully prepared to face whatever the day had in store, at least in appearance. Hux hadn’t had anyone else cut his hair in five years, and it occurred to him that Ben was in need of a trim - something rather more than that, if he was honest about the unruly state of the boy’s hair - but that was a project for another day. Maybe when it came time for his next trim. Ensuring Ben was properly attired came first, and Hux gave him a whole-hearted smile as Thannison escorted the two of them inside. “Hux!” Thannison exclaimed, pulling him into a tight hug, which Hux returned with enthusiasm. Thannison’s cologne wasn’t his usual, but instead something new, Hux noted - warm and spicy and expensive-smelling, and he thought he’d have to ask him where he’d purchased it before they wrapped up for the day. Inside the shop, the air was warm enough that Hux’s fingers tingled in his fingerless gloves, so he turned obligingly when Thannison made to take his coat. “I’m surprised you made it across town so quickly. The traffic’s mad out there; Thanksgiving’s not for a couple of weeks yet, but you know how people are with pre-holiday shopping. It starts earlier every year - not that I’m complaining. It’s great for business.” Hux nodded in agreement. “Well, it helps to have one of the best drivers in the city, other than myself, of course.” He winked at Thannison, who chuckled in response before turning to a man in an indigo suit who stood just behind him and whispering something in his ear. Thannison knew of his affinity for sports cars and humored him in listening to the descriptions of those he’d purchased and those he wished to purchase and those he wished just to drive for a day, even if Thannison himself had no interest. “I’d ask you why you didn’t drive over here for yourself, but I don’t imagine this one’s ready for that,” he joked, his attention focusing on Ben, who was fiddling with the sleeve of Hux’ jacket. Ben didn’t seem to notice Thannison’s eyes on him, instead preoccupied with looking around the lay of the shop, the racks of suit jackets on wooden hangers, no two alike. Thannison didn’t order two of anything - not even in different sizes. If you purchased something from Freesman Sporting Club, you were certain to be the only one to have it, and Hux valued that. He wasn’t a man who liked to be impersonated any more than he liked to impersonate others. Propped against one of the walls was a full-length mirror, and Hux observed as Ben’s eyes flickered to his reflection, his face twitching in dislike, before they returned to floor. He shuffled a step closer to Hux, pulling the sleeves of the jacket down over his hands. “Nah,” Hux said, closing the gap between him and Ben so their shoulders brushed. “I like to give them at least a few days to get settled in before I go introducing them to my driving skills. Not everyone’s ready for my Mario Andretti impersonation.” While Hux was speaking, the man Thannison had whispered to earlier reappeared, caramel macchiato in hand, prepared just the way Hux liked it, and Hux accepted the beverage, taking a grateful sniff before dragging a finger through the whipped cream on top. “Thannison, I’d like you to meet Ben. He’s a new friend of mine - one whose wardrobe is, I’m afraid, woefully lacking.” “Ben,” Thannison said, stepping forward and extending a hand to the boy, who had to struggle to free his left from where he’d balled it into the sleeve of Hux’ jacket. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. Hux spoke very highly of you on the phone. He says you’re in need of my expertise, and I’d love the opportunity to help. If you’re a friend of Hux’, well, I already consider you a friend of mine. You get special priority; whatever you need, you’ll find it here, I promise you that. But before we get started, tell me: how do you take your coffee?” Ben worried at his lip again, looking to Hux for guidance, as the man who had brought Hux his macchiato came up behind Ben to remove his jacket. He allowed himself to be maneuvered out of the garment, but flinched when the man’s hand brushed the bandaging still wrapped around the knuckles of his right hand. “Go on, Ben,” Hux nudged, eying a simple navy-colored sport coat he thought would suit Ben nicely. Certainly Thannison was already drawing his own conclusions about what would look good on his charge, but he’d have to ask the man to put that one aside just for him. Hux wasn’t willing to leave the store without seeing Ben in it. “They’re here to make us comfortable. We’ve got the place for the afternoon; we might as well make use of it.” “Wha…? The - the afternoon ?” Ben looked between Thannison and Hux, his face screwed up in confusion, seemingly just realizing that they were the only ones in the shop. “Yes, the afternoon,” Thannison answered, taking the jacket from his assistant and smoothing it over his arm, like it was a piece of clothing of the highest quality, rather than a ten-year-old jacket that hadn’t seen the outside of Hux’ closet in almost that long. “Hux and I are old friends - old enough that I know he prefers his shopping experiences to be private ones. For the next four hours, the two of you are Freesman Sporting Club’s personal guests, here on my invitation. I’m here to serve.” He did a theatrical little bow in Ben’s direction, and Hux snorted. “If there’s an article of clothing that catches your eye in this shop, you’ll have it. Now Ben, I ask again, how do you take your coffee?” Watching the exchange, Hux could not have been happier that he’d thought to prepare Thannison for the situation with Ben. The man was always tactful, mild-mannered and obliging, but he was really pulling out all the stops as he directed Ben to a raised platform in the center of the floor, surrounded by mirrors on three sides, describing variations of coffee the whole way. Thannison rarely performed measurements himself, but he was already pulling a measuring tape out of the pouch he wore on his hip, eying the breadth of Ben’s shoulders critically. Behind him, there was the sound of the doors latching, ensuring the two of them wouldn’t be bothered until Ben was properly outfitted, and Hux watched as Ben stumbled up onto the platform. Squinting under the bright trio of overhead lights, Ben threw a helpless look back at Hux, his arms hugged tight around his sides and posture curved. They may have been Freesman Sporting Club’s only guests, but even the combination of Hux’ and Thannison’s full attention was enough to send Ben reeling, and again, Hux found himself thanking every power he knew that Thannison had been willing to oblige his request to close the shop on a Monday afternoon just before prime holiday shopping season. He’d owe the man after this one, he knew, and he didn’t mind one damn bit, the red finally fading from Ben’s nose to be replaced by a flush on his cheeks that had Hux smiling up at him with an undeniable fondness. “Try the macchiato,” he chuckled when Ben shied away from Thannison’s measuring tape, which was already being drawn up his inseam. “It’s sweet enough you’ll like it even if you’re not a fan of coffee - almost like a dessert, except you don’t have to count it as one because it’s a beverage. Quite the trick, really.” Hux took a sip of his own macchiato, licking foam off his lip appreciatively as Thannison read back the measurement from the tape. How he’d managed to get an accurate read with Ben squirming out of his reach like he had Hux didn’t know, but then again, Thannison hadn’t been made manager of one of the finest menswear shops in the city without reason. Before Ben could open his mouth to reply, Thannison’s assistant had disappeared to procure a second macchiato, and Ben blinked owlishly at Hux, still half-blind in the unforgiving spotlights. “You’ll like it - trust me,” Hux assured him, as Thannison wrapped the tape around his waist, eliciting a little yelp of surprise from Ben. Thannison tutted in the back of his throat at the measurement, tightening it further, but otherwise refused comment. Hux was glad - he’d warned Thannison when they’d spoken not to call attention to Ben’s weight, no matter how slight it seemed. It was something they were working on, and he doubted it would help to have Thannison point out what they were all well too aware of already. “You’re a tall one, aren’t you?,” Thannison said when he’d finished, focusing on a safer topic with such finesse that Hux could have kissed him. “Handsome too.” He clapped Ben on the shoulder lightly. “Ben, you’re making this too easy on me. It’s my job to make you look good. Tell me, how am I supposed to impress Hux here with my skills when it would be more work to find something that you wouldn’t look good in?" Hux suspected the comment was meant to help put Ben at ease, but he found he couldn’t disagree with the sentiment. --- Ben was so out of his depth right now that he couldn’t even start to think about it, lest he’d have an actual panic attack right then and there from how overwhelmed he felt. Sure, he knew that stores like this existed - he wasn’t an idiot - but he had never once in his 25 years of life come closer than passing by the windows on his way to somewhere where he could actually afford the clothes. Usually dragged there by Leia, trying not to let his eyes linger too long on anything, just in case she decided to take it as another sign of his greedy, spoiled and ungrateful nature. He had been lectured by her in public quite a few times, and it still made him tear up just thinking about it. The humiliation never stopped feeling like a raw wound; there had never been time for it to even form a scab before the next stabbing pain came and tore it right open again. And now… Now he wasn’t just on the other side of those windows - no, he was standing on some sort of platform, or podium or something, being poked and prodded at by a man dressed in a suit Ben was sure must have cost about half his yearly salary. They had helped him out of his jacket, had offered coffee, had talked to him like he was a person, like he somehow had the right to be there, and it was just… too much to handle. But he had to handle it, because Mr Hux had apparently decided to buy him new clothes. And judging by the way he spoke to the other man - Thannison, was it? - they weren’t just talking about a pair of pants and a shirt or two. No, Ben was slowly realizing he was walking out of here in a few hours, with an entire wardrobe’s worth of new clothes! If Ben had been worried about the catch, the joke, the punchline before, it was nothing compared to now. This couldn’t be real. It just couldn’t . Mr Thannison had called him handsome. Ben wanted to snort at that, but his fear of coming off as rude kept him from it. He’d seen the numbers on that measuring tape, though they probably didn’t know that, and besides; he had eyes. He knew very well what he looked like. There were mirrors everywhere in here, and Ben kept his eyes glued to the floor as much as he could, so he wouldn’t have to look at himself. He wanted to tell them they didn’t have to lie to him. He was 25 years old, for fuck’s sake! He’d heard it all by now, and he agreed with probably more than half of it. Handsome? No. He was a scarecrow, with a face like one of those ugly sketches some street artists made for the tourists - all exaggerated and parodied features, meant to make people laugh and not in the good way - and all the scars, the stupid, ugly scars , didn’t really help. They were trying to be nice, and he appreciated it, but he knew how ugly he was, and he’d learned long ago that if anyone called him handsome or attractive, there was usually a punchline waiting to hit him. No one ever said that to him and meant it. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to believe it; it was just that he couldn’t . Then, to his complete and utter horror, he was supposed to try things on. Thankfully, Mr Thannison and Mr Hux had taken pity on him and stopped asking for his input after about the fifth ‘I don’t know’ he’d sputtered out when asked about favourite colours, preferred styles and so on. They actually seemed to realize that he genuinely didn’t know anything about it, and Mr Hux luckily picked up on his embarrassment rather quickly - and after that, they picked out whatever they thought would look good on him, and only asked whether or not he liked that particular garment. It was easier that way, even if it was difficult still to actually dare say no to some of the things they showed him. But Mr Hux’ proud smile and gently encouraging nods whenever he expressed an opinion really helped. But the trying on part… Ben had nearly walked right out of the shop. He usually got dressed without looking in the mirror, or turning the lights on, until he was fully clothed. Stepping into a dressing room - with bright lights and mirrors everywhere - along with another person? He’d felt the panic coming on, and in the end, Mr Hux had saved him - again - by helping him over to a couple of comfortable chairs, and talking soothingly to him for a good fifteen minutes before he could bear the thought of going anywhere near the dressing room. Mr Thannison hadn’t even so much as raised an eyebrow at his reactions, and Ben suspected Mr Hux had warned him about his general awkwardness, because people weren’t generally this accepting of him. While he waited, the man had simply gone through the racks one more time, and started putting garments together in different combinations, as if to try and see what would go together. Ben guessed he didn’t really need to do that, but did it just to give Ben time. They tried some more casual looking things first, and Ben struggled to comprehend the fact that there were apparently clothes in this world that actually fit him - and fit him well. These shirts and slacks, and a few jackets, that he tried on did things to his figure that he’d previously never really thought possible. He looked less like a skeleton, and more… well, he still looked very slim, but by some magic, he didn’t actually look half bad - which, if he was honest with himself, was probably as close to good looking he’d ever get. Then Thannison brought out the rest of the stuff he’d picked out, assumingly when Ben wasn’t looking, and it sent Ben reeling again. “Forgive me my vanity,” Thannison said with a little smile. “But you’ve hardly given me a chance to exercise my eye for fashion - and with features as striking as yours, as well as your height and bone structure, it would be a sin to let you leave here without one of our suits. Might I suggest something like this?” His assistant handed over the first hangers, with garments in a beautiful deep navy colour. “You see, Ben, a properly fitted three piece suit is the mark of a man of class and good taste - and I see far too many young men waste their money and figures on poorly fitted slacks and jackets. While I maintain that I’m certain you’d look more than adequate in anything I put you in, I will not let the opportunity to dress you in something that truly flatters you pass me by. Give it a try and you’ll see what I mean - there’ll be no getting you out of it.” He turned to his assistant. “Hand me that shirt please, and the tie right next to it.” Once Ben had put everything on, and Thannison had made sure everything sat right on him, he forced himself to look in the mirror - and then he simply stood there, frozen and staring, for at least a few minutes before he could say anything. He’d always liked three piece suits, always thought they looked so nice, so elegant and sophisticated - but it hadn’t ever crossed his mind that they would look good on him , because he knew that nothing really looked good on him. Except… except that this suit did. Sure, it would have looked much better had he had a bit more weight on him - a thought he put a stop to right away; weight was not a good thing, he’d get fat and then he’d be even uglier - but even now, it made him look like… like someone who might actually be friends with someone like Mr Hux. Like someone who might be his assistant or something - a person, not a… a creature. Sure, a part of him still felt awkward, as if these clothes were a costume, a disguise, he figured it might simply be that he just wasn’t used to it. While he’d been wearing the whole shirt-and-slacks style for a few years now, he’d never actually worn clothes that fit - Leia had always complained about his body shape, his height, his weight on the few occasions since his early teens when he’d actually been a normal weight. She’d sighed and complained about his skin, his hair, and how none of the colours she wanted him in seemed to suit him - and then in the end bought them anyway, because ‘it wasn’t as if he could look worse.’ These clothes, though, were on a whole different level, and Ben thought it was simply a matter of him learning to think of them as simply his clothes rather than garments of a quality and price he had no right to even think about wearing. Thannison gently turned him around, and cleared his throat to get Mr Hux’ attention. The man had been temporarily engrossed in what seemed to be a rather angry response to a message, if the frown and forceful typing was anything to go by. His posture was rigid, tense, his jaw set, and Ben wasn’t so sure it was a good idea to interrupt him right now. That was not a good posture. Bad things could come from people looking like that. But then Thannison cleared his throat again, and Mr Hux looked up - and a million different things seemed to happen to his face at once - and Ben couldn’t even begin to decipher them, much to his dismay. He needed to at least get a hint of what was going on in his mind - it made him feel pathetic, but Mr Hux was currently the only thing grounding him and keeping him from panicking. If he was angry or displeased, Ben had nothing to hold onto. “Oh yes, I’d say this one was made for the boy,” Thannison beamed. “What do you say, Hux? You can’t tell me you’ll take him home without it.” “I... ” Mr Hux seemed a bit lost for words, and Ben hoped it was a good thing. “Yes. It’s perfect. Just… perfect. I couldn’t have asked for better. Truly, Thannison, you’ve outdone yourself.” He looked at Ben and smiled. “How do you feel, Ben? Do you like it? More importantly, do you want it?” Ben nodded before he could stop himself. It still felt wrong to let this man, his boss, just sit there and watch all these super fucking expensive clothes be neatly folded and packed into bags for them. Ben didn’t want to know what the final sum would be - if he did, he’d probably try to get them to take half of it back, and then he’d just end up insulting and possibly hurting Mr Hux’ feelings. “I… uhm, it’s really nice,” Ben managed, feeling like he should probably say something . “It’s very comfortable too. And I, uhm, I like the colour.” “Then consider it yours. You heard the boy, Thannison - wrap it up,” Mr Hux said, gesturing with a finger. “But I’m sure that’s not all you have your sleeve. Let’s see the lot of it - I’ve got a lot of money that needs spending today. If not here, it’ll go somewhere else, so I’d advise you not to hold back.” When those four hours were up, Ben had had three macchiatos, five lesser bouts of panic, several moments of pure ‘oh shit, this is actually happening’ - and then Mr Hux helped him into his new jacket, paid for what ended up being quite literally a full wardrobe worth of clothes, and got Ben into the car while they got all the bags in so he wouldn’t have to stand outside in the cold. Ben was so overwhelmed he was bordering on completely numbed out - his brain absolutely refused to process the events of this entire afternoon, and he really wanted to go back to Mr Hux’ apartment, curl up under his comforter with Millie on his lap, and Mr Hux next to him on the couch. He wanted tea, and, quite possibly also dinner - provided it wasn’t something heavy. The driver mentioned that they were starting to get the tree up at Rockefeller Center, and that it looked promising, and Ben couldn’t help but light up at that. His grandma had taken him with her there when he was little to look at the tree - to really get into the holiday spirit. It was one of the few good memories he had of his childhood: her wrinkly hands holding onto his small ones, as they pointed out things they saw and liked, and how afterwards she always took him to a cozy little café where he got a large mug of hot chocolate and a brownie. He wondered how life would have been for him if she hadn’t died before he got sick. That treacherous, rebellious part of his mind said she’d have taken him in and gotten him proper help - but he refused to listen to it. He couldn’t afford the whole ‘what if’ train of thought. Mr Hux must have seen the change in his expression, because he told the driver that they should drive by so they could all have a better look at it. ---- “They’re preparing the tree at Rockefeller Center? Already?” Hux wrapped an arm around Ben’s shoulders, jostling him lightly. “Best go have a look at it then. See what they’ve come up with this time.” He tried to say the words as nonchalantly as possible, but his driver turned to look at him as if he’d suggested driving straight off a cliff all the same. “You sure?” “Yes, I’m bloody well sure,” Hux snapped, ignoring the fact that there was no need for him to go out of his way to see the tree. Though this would be the first time he saw it this year, it certainly wouldn’t be the last; each December, he lost count of the times he watched hoards of tourists gather in front of the skating rink, all cameras flashing and multi-colored knit hats and fanny packs attached around their waists. Hux never been one for ice skating - whether he had the skill was irrelevant when he never had the time - and he’d lived in New York for almost his entire life. Long enough to know there was only one place you avoided as much as Central Park in the springtime, and that was Rockefeller Center around Christmas. But it was early in the season still, he told himself - early enough that the skating rink, if it was even frozen over yet, was likely to be mostly deserted. So what if Ben wanted to see it? It was an easy enough request to fulfill, and it was so rare that Ben really wanted anything - it was like pulling teeth to get the boy to admit to wanting a second helping of miso soup. Trying to gather which garments he’d preferred had been a feat for which only Thannison’s skill was matched. And yet the look of longing on Ben’s face at the mention of that damned tree had been unmistakable. How could he say no? The heat pumping through the vents of the town car had Hux feeling drowsy and at ease, Ben’s head coming to rest on his shoulder as they made their way through the bustling streets. Through all the honking and ruckus that came with navigating downtown Manhattan at rush hour, Hux remained quiet. If it had been a long day for him, it had been longer still for Ben. At the end of the outing, when Thannison had asked him how he’d like to cover the balance and he’d instructed the man to bill it to his account as per usual, Ben had looked like he might faint on the spot. He’d been forced to waive away the invoice without looking at the total. If Ben had seen it, Hux was certain he’d have ended up carrying him out of there. And while he wouldn’t have minded, he didn’t want to subject his knees to the treatment twice in two days. Ben looked warmer than he had entering the shop, now that he wore a silk-lined jacket trimmed to fit his slim waist, as well as a pair of green mittens Hux had picked up for him on the way out. He’d retained Hux’ plum-colored scarf however, and it was pulled almost up to his red-tinged ears as Hux pointed out the window to his right. “It’s something of a New York rite of passage, isn’t it - taking in the tree at Rockefeller Center this time of year?” he commented, looking overtop of Ben’s head. Outside the window, the tree had not yet been completely decorated. It stood so tall that it fit only because it was surrounded by buildings that scraped the sky on all sides, but it was missing the star from the top, and garland had been strung around only half of it, the top portion bare except for a smattering of oversized ornaments. Already the visitors had started pouring in; what appeared to be a school group stood on a set of concrete steps, either taking a photo or preparing to sing, Hux couldn’t tell. “We’ll never escape it, you know - every Christmas, from now until eternity, we’ll be forced to deal with all manner of people - from Vermont, Philadelphia, New Jersey -” He shuddered. “Invading our city, just for a glimpse of this tree, as if it’s this very thing that makes the season what it is. Someone should tell them: it’s here every year. There’s no reason to rush.” But even as he said it, he could see the glow of contentment wash over Ben’s face. The days were getting shorter now, the sun just setting into early evening and the lights of the city coming alive behind. It wasn’t something he’d especially appreciated before - for all the terrible drivers in New York during the day, nighttime seemed to bring them out in tenfold - but there was something about the way the gaudy red lights strung around one of the nearby office windows caught on Ben’s reflection that made Hux bite his tongue on any further commentary he might have offered. Hux’ own shoulder moved with it when Ben shrugged. “It could be worse.” It was true, Hux knew. There were a thousand worse places he could be than here, in his town car, enough warm air flowing through the vents that he’d have to shed his own scarf soon, with a boy he’d met only a handful of days ago by his side. New York, it was said, was the city of dreams. Hell, there were songs about the place, and it was here that all of Hux’ had come true, if only through his own determination. In a few weeks, this part of town would be insufferable, the reason he’d be late to the office if he took the wrong route to work - but today, he’d had the pleasure of seeing Ben leave Thannison’s dressing room in a pair of slacks that hugged his hips so sweetly that Hux hadn’t been able to remember the last time he’d looked at a man before that, and traffic was still manageable enough that his driver was able to navigate the streets without a single curse, and he hadn’t had to avoid a call from his father for at least two years now. Hux rarely allowed himself to accept things for what they were - it was his job, after all, to see things for what they could be, for what he could make them, if given the opportunity - but maybe, just this once, just for tonight, with the lights of a police vehicle used to redirect traffic bouncing off the passenger side window, he could make an exception. Ben turned his head so his cheek was pillowed on Hux’s shoulder, and when Hux looked at him, dark eyes wide and appreciative, the bruising there starting to fade to an off-green that Hux was willing to bet would be gone by the end of the week, he thought Ben might even have been happy, or something like it. Hux hummed and adjusted the dial in front of him until the swell of Bing Crosby’s voice filled the backseat, leaning his head back against leather that still smelled new and closing his eyes with the welcome weight of Ben’s head resting over his collarbone. “I suppose it could.” Notes: Eight chapters in and we're finally getting somewhere, right? We have a lot in store for our boys in the coming chapters - we hope you keep hanging in there with them and with us throughout! You can always hit either of us up on tumblr in the meantime! Loke is, as always, ficlet-machine, and Cat is thegoodlannister. Chapter 9 Notes: Once again, no explicit trigger warnings this chapter. There are, however, brief mentions of drug abuse/overdose, so proceed with caution if you find such topics upsetting. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Looking back, Hux would remember the next two weeks as some of the most singularly strange and enchanting of his life. Thanksgiving was approaching and, perhaps for the first time, he found himself compelled to consider those things for which he was grateful. It was nothing he would ever have said aloud, but there were so many small things - trivial, really - that he’d never taken the time to think over, but that suddenly, upon reflection, seemed precious. He and Phasma were still at odds over the situation with Ben, of course, but that was nothing new. The times when there wasn’t something chafing between them were rare enough; this was just another bump on the rocky path of their friendship, and their bond remained something he couldn’t have done without all the same. There was no one else who would have answered his frequent texts, asking what Ben’s sometimes odd behavior meant, especially when Hux was sure she didn’t approve of Hux keeping him in his apartment in the first place. And yet she did, answering promptly whenever he asked her what such and such turn of his features might have meant, her exasperated disapproval palpable even through text. It was more comical than anything, really, the way she managed to dote on Ben while giving Hux the cold shoulder, and for every twinge of genuine annoyance he felt, he had to hold back laughter at the displeasure she was willing to vocalize in front of Ben only through the set of her shoulders or the sharpness of her gaze when she turned it in Hux’ direction. He valued Phasma’s friendship - couldn’t say why it had taken him this long to realize just how much - and in those weeks, he took her to lunch more often than ever, always footing the bill without argument. She would have said it was to worm his way back into her good graces, and that wouldn’t have been without some merit - but more than that, he wanted her to know what she meant to him. (Which was so sentimental that he couldn’t help but think back on the morning she’d accused him of replacing the Hux she had known, the one who had pushed her out of the backseat of his vehicle to avoid her getting sick in it, with a stranger.) That was to say nothing of the state of his firm, which - even in the wake ‘the scandal’ - was flourishing like it never had before. Five years in, and Imperial Marketing’s reputation had taken off in ways he had never imagined, the spread featured in Esquire serving only to increase the number of consult requests that crossed his desk every morning. He’d been right; his story was front-page material, and he’d been unsurprised to walk into his office one morning to discover his own face looking back at him from the cover. Someone had placed it there to greet him - either Phasma or Mitaka, he was willing to bet - and the photo chosen for the cover was one he hadn’t seen when the photographer had gone through the photo reel with him. It was a candid, one he didn’t know she had taken at all - he was in profile, standing in front of the expansive window in the late autumn sun, nearly winter now, and he was smiling. Not a forced smile, but one that opened his mouth a little. He must have been laughing in response to something Edwards had said, and Hux had to admit, it looked good on him. Esquire ’s readers must have agreed, this more human side of Hux drawing more interest to Imperial Marketing than his enigmatic persona ever had. With the increased call for their representation, his work - his firm - demanded his attention more than ever, and yet Hux had never spent so little time behind his desk. Each morning, he went into work a little later than the day before - by only a few minutes, but they were beginning to add up - and each evening, he found himself getting up from his high-backed chair and stretching a little earlier. Hux blamed it on the shorter days - daylight savings time had always been a bastard - but he suspected anyone who knew him well enough could easily have picked up on the truth. (Thank goodness for him, then, that hardly anyone knew him at all.) Ben was waiting for him at home, everyday. (And he wasn’t sure when he’d started thinking of the place as something other than “his apartment” or “the penthouse,” but that was always a thought for another time.) After a few days, Ben had been well enough to fend for himself when left alone for the workday, but it was tempting to dip out of work early to check on him. If Ben really needed him, Hux told himself, he had the tablet - he was only the press of an icon away - but the excuse was a convenient one, one that he was able to hold onto until Ben’s stitches were removed. Not that Hux needed an excuse to do whatever he damn well pleased - it was his firm, after all, and if he decided that much of the work he had previously done in his office could be completed just as easily from the comfort of his home, who was going to question him? Who except Phasma, of course, who hardly had a leg to stand on when she ended up sharing dinner with Hux and Ben gathered around his kitchen counter - because Hux had learned early on that meals were easier for Ben when they were held in informal places, rather than at dining tables, where eating was required - so often now that it was becoming habit. Many things were becoming habit, Hux had realized somewhere along the way - from waking up inches from Ben’s face, though the bed was large enough to fit another two people, easily, and Hux had rarely ever moved from his side before, to calling Ben on his way home from the office, waiting for him to pick up the tablet and listening to his fumbling as he never seemed to realize he’d answered right away. He’d taken to using the stairs rather than the elevator, and each afternoon, while making his way toward the lobby, Hux heard Ben cursing to himself once the tablet was in hand, shuffling as he tried to situate it closer to ear, though it didn’t need to be in order to pick up on his voice - and each afternoon, Hux smiled to himself over the display a little more, warmth growing in his chest as he came to know the exact number of rings it would take before Ben would pick up. Even taking the stairs, the walk to where his driver picked him up across the street from Imperial Marketing seemed shorter than ever before, the accompanying sound of Ben’s voice - with all its fits and starts, all its dips, the strange emphasis he put on words Hux would never have emphasized - a pleasant distraction. Perhaps he was walking more quickly, his newly increased energy changing the pace of his steps. He was sleeping better than he ever had, getting into bed when Ben did, even if he didn’t sleep right away. Ben’s medications meant he dropped off quickly, and Hux had realized that he fought against it if he wasn’t there with him. Since Ben needed all the rest he could get, it hadn’t taken long for Hux to come up with ways he could complete the last of the day’s paperwork propped up in bed as efficiently as he would have anywhere else. Often, Ben would leave one of those crime documentaries he liked so much playing in the background, looking at Hux across the pillows and interjecting here and there with little comments that either had Hux humming in agreement or suppressing laughter at their cheekiness. It was always Hux who reached across Ben to flick the light off when he was tired enough for sleep as well, but it was always Ben who jolted awake first at sound of Hux’ alarm from his phone. He gave Hux a run for his money in the tea-drinking apartment, and though the medication made it difficult for him to rouse himself, whenever he could manage it, he was up and in the kitchen by the time Hux made his way out of the shower, still towel-drying his hair. Hux had never before had time to fix himself a cup of tea before making his way out the door, but now he was becoming dependent on it to get him through until Mitaka made his first trip to Starbucks of the day. Ben had taken a liking to Beru right away; Hux had told him to make use of her to keep the apartment from becoming too quiet whenever he was home alone, and while Ben had seemed hesitant at first, it had taken him far less time than it had Hux to understand her workings. The home entertainment system recognized and responded to Ben’s voice just as quickly as she did to Hux’ now, and when Hux arrived home from office, the music no longer switched to one of his favorite composers without him having to ask for it. While Beru still recognized his arrival, Ben usually had something playing already by the time Hux walked through the door - sometimes a symphony Hux would have chosen for himself, humming along as he sat at the counter, his fingers tapping a beat with the percussion section, sometimes music Hux had never heard. The music Ben liked to listen to was… well, it wasn’t something Hux would have chosen for himself. He preferred music he could work easily to; the lyrics were unimportant as long as the sound of it was soothing, and even growing up, he couldn’t recall listening to the radio, instead preferring to purchase recordings that had been taken of his favorite orchestras. Ben, on the other hand, appeared to live for a well-written lyric. More than once, he’d looked up from the papers he stole to doodle on, pencil held awkwardly between fingers that were still stiff from injury, and asked Hux if he’d heard what Beru had just played and wasn’t it just beautiful - didn’t it just make everything make sense, just for a moment? A quick google search had told him Ben’s favorite bands belonged to something called the “gothic rock movement,” and the first time Ben had asked if listening to that was okay or if he should find something Hux enjoyed more, Hux had forced himself to listen to it for the rest of the evening, just so Ben wouldn’t doubt that he didn’t mind. It turned out that, once he got used to working with the sound of voices in the background, it wasn’t half so bad as he’d imagined it would be - either that, or his ears were just getting used to the abuse, and somehow, it didn’t matter much to Hux either way. If Ben had taken a quick liking to Beru, his friendship with Millicent had been nothing short of instantaneous. From the first night she’d curled up on Ben’s lap and batted at his finger, she had become his constant companion throughout the apartment. When Ben went into the kitchen, Millicent followed; when his medications didn’t set well with him, and it was difficult for him to leave the bed, it was there Millicent could be found, purring quietly on Ben’s chest if he could stand it or lying next to his head on what had once been Hux’ pillow if he couldn’t. Millicent had never slept with Hux before this - had preferred to prowl around the apartment while Hux slept, chasing invisible mice and waking him up with mysterious crashes from darkened rooms - but now he often rolled over onto her in the night, sending her running from the bed with an offended yowl. As if it wasn’t his damned bed in the first place. It was all frighteningly domestic, all of Ben’s quirks so readily fitting into Hux’ life that he struggled to remember the way things were before he had been there. That wasn’t to say it was always easy - Ben was still fragile, his stomach touchy and his emotions touchier, and Hux’ penchant for spicy and obscure foods paid the price for it. The Indian place he usually ordered from on Friday nights had gone as far as to call him the week before to inquire if he was well and if he needed them to drop off their menu again, it had been so long since they’d heard from him. It had been difficult to say no, but he knew learning the foods Ben could and couldn’t handle was trial and error; he’d spent more than a few nights awake with Ben, nursing a stomach ache after they’d tried something that didn’t work. Any explorations of curry would have to wait a little longer. The good days outweighed the bad, Hux thought - when he looked at Ben, he saw no trace of the violent person who had wreaked such havoc on his administrative department. The glass had been repaired and the wreckage cleared out within the week, the purchase of new computers - complete with imaging software even more up-to-date than the previous models - hardly worth a second thought for Hux, and with the bandages now removed from Ben’s arm and his face finally healed from the bruising, it was easy to pretend that it had all happened to someone else entirely. That he had met Ben some other way, and even on the days that Ben was ill or especially quiet, Hux preferred the boy’s company to his own. Ben sketched almost constantly - he was creative, Hux thought, not destructive - often leaving smudges of pencil on his nose from when he rubbed at it, smudges Hux would have been quicker to tell him about, had he not found them so amusing. There were few pastimes Hux liked more than watching him. When Ben wasn’t up to talking, Hux would pour himself a glass of wine and curl up next to him on the sofa, watching the motions of Ben’s pencil as it flew across whatever he’d chosen as his medium that day - just as often a cocktail napkin or takeout menu as a sheet of paper from the printer in Hux’ home office. When he tired of that, he’d take to watching Ben’s face instead, his nose scrunched up in concentration and his tongue poking out from between his lips whenever he flipped the pencil upside-down to erase a line he didn’t particularly like. It was only when he was drawing that Ben seemed not to be aware of being watched - that he wasn’t ashamed of the openness of his face, always careful to keep it in profile - and it gave Hux the opportunity to look freely. To look his fill - if he had one. He hadn’t come upon it yet. Hux had once thought that Ben wasn’t his type at all, but as Thanksgiving came and went - spent alone, just the two of them, Ben looking down on the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade on the street below the only concession they made to the day - Hux came to the conclusion that there were a lot of things he hadn’t known about himself. He’d take him next year, he thought, when Ben was feeling well enough to withstand the briskness of the air for three hours on a morning in late November - and as they shared a pint of sticky rice from the only Chinese takeout place that remained open on Thanksgiving Day, Hux refused to acknowledge the little voice that told him Ben wouldn’t be here this time next year, that he was not Hux’ to keep. It sounded suspiciously like Phasma, and he heard enough of her warnings that he didn’t need them playing inside his head too. --- After that first Monday, when Mr Hux had taken him shopping for clothes - and he’d ended up snoozing with his head on the man’s shoulder as if that was something normal - Ben had just decided that for the sake of what was left of his sanity it was better to just not question anything that happened from that point on. Everything was just too surreal, too much fairy tale, too beautiful and soft and peaceful, and Ben knew better than to think even for a moment that this would last. He stopped believing in fairy tales before he started elementary school, and nothing in his life up until this point had given him any reason to start again. Dreams and fantasies were for children, for other people, for anyone who wasn’t Ben Solo - because Ben Solo didn’t deserve to have them. But hope was a stubborn bitch, and Ben wanted this to be real more than he could remember wanting anything in his life. Living with Mr Hux was something of an adventure in its own right, though, and despite telling himself not to get too used to it, he found himself feeling for what was perhaps the first time in his life like he actually found a place where he fit in. Or, well, at least fit in better than he usually did. He still felt awkward and out of place, and he’d set a rule for himself only to ask one stupid question per day - just to make sure he didn’t annoy Mr Hux more than what could be fixed by an apology or four. But at the end of the day - and for reasons Ben was not going to even think about thinking about - being here with Mr Hux and Millie felt safe, like he could actually breathe, take up space, and exist as a person. They’d settled into a routine fairly quickly, and Ben had to admit that it helped him a ton just knowing he had some sort of framework to cling to. Mr Hux, it turned out, was a creature of habit. Apparently, he wasn’t any more fond of mornings than Ben was, but he still set his alarm for the same time every day, and as soon as he was out of bed, he’d head for the shower with a focus like a target seeking missile. The alarm woke Ben up too, with its absolutely ridiculously loud and shrill tone, and the adrenaline rush was a pretty efficient way to get himself out of bed before noon - and since tea was something he could actually make with his left hand, he tried to make himself useful by working out how to make it the way Mr Hux liked it. So far, it seemed to work well. Mr Hux wasn’t overly talkative in the mornings, which was fine, because neither was Ben. It took a few hours for him to get that weird cotton feeling out of his head so he could actually form a coherent sentence. Once Mr Hux had left for work, Ben forced himself to eat his daily cup of yoghurt - of which Ben was sure Mr Hux had bought enough to keep him fed for a year - and then take his meds before napping. Around lunch, Mr Hux would call to check in on him, and Ben was equally embarrassed every day, because he was usually asleep and thus not perhaps in his most intelligent state when he answered the call - but Mr Hux didn’t seem to mind. He seemed genuinely happy to talk to a half asleep Ben, quickly learning how to decipher his mumbling and half finished sentences, never mocking him for when he lost words here and there or forgot what he was going to say. Their conversations revolved mostly around how Ben was feeling, and if Mr Hux’ plan for dinner sounded like something that might agree with his stomach. Then Ben had another few hours to himself, and he usually spent them napping, cuddling with Millicent while watching TV, or just sitting in one of the armchairs by Mr Hux’ giant piano and watching the city. He had visions of the glass falling out, of the building suddenly collapsing, and all kinds of weird, disastrous scenarios playing through his head, but still he couldn’t stop looking. He’d never seen a view quite like this, and even though it felt weird - like if he was in some other world - he actually liked it. There had been that awkward incident with the lady who, apparently, came around once a month to clean the place. It was sheer luck that Ben had finished changing from his sleep wear into what was quickly becoming his favourite pair of pants and a shirt, because the lady had simply barged into the bedroom like she owned the place, then almost had a heart attack when there was a person there; cursing to high heavens while clutching at her heart and very nearly slapping him - and all of that, Ben could handle. He’d apologized for scaring her, cautiously asked who she was, then apologized again for being in the way when she was working and asked if he could help her with anything. But then she’d taken one look at his arm and shooed him off to the couch, saying that he was a sweetheart for offering, but it would probably not be a good idea for ‘Mr Hux’ boy’ to further injure himself by helping the cleaning lady. She’d accompanied that phrase - Mr Hux’ boy - with a look, and a very specific tone of voice, that told Ben that she sure as heck didn’t mean ‘boy’ as in ‘son.’ He’d turned bright red, sputtering out that it wasn’t like that at all - she mustn’t think that about Mr Hux, but her smile made it perfectly clear that he wasn’t very convincing. The worst part was, Ben mused after she’d left - after having given him some advice on ‘caring for men like Mr Hux’ that had caused him to nearly jump out the window to escape - that he knew full well that that had to be what it looked like to everyone else. Hell, he wouldn’t be surprised if even Phasma thought they were… doing things - that they were most certainly not doing, thank you very much - and that was why he was still here. Ben wasn’t half as stupid or innocent as people generally thought he was - he knew what it usually meant when young guys lived in older men’s penthouses, sharing their bed and food, and only leaving the house in the company of said older men. He knew he should be extremely offended, both for himself, but also on Mr Hux’ behalf. He should feel bad, should feel ashamed of the implications that he was some sort of… person whose favours could be bought in exchange for some kind words and a fancy credit card. The thing was, though, that he really didn’t. The label implicated belonging, and Ben was far more okay with belonging to Mr Hux’ life than he was comfortable thinking about at the moment. He’d never mentioned the incident to Mr Hux. To his relief, neither had the cleaning lady. As soon as Mr Hux came home from work in the afternoons, they had dinner, and then the older man would help him change the dressings on his wounds. It never stopped being equally weird and funny to Ben how Mr Hux was the epitome of control and confidence in every single area of life - as long as it didn’t involve caring for someone’s health. When he was on the phone with his subordinates, with clients - even with the local Italian place or Phasma - he radiated an aura of such natural confidence and authority it had Ben feeling all kinds of strange things. He wondered what it was like to be able to occupy space like Mr Hux did - the way the entire world just seemed to bend to his will, as if it was the most natural, logical thing in the world - like he never doubted for a second that he had a right to be exactly where he was at any given time. He was so regal, so incredibly refined that Ben seriously wondered sometimes how he was even real. But when he was helping Ben with his wounds, helping him toweldry his hair, trying to find food or snacks that would be good for Ben - or just generally make him a little happy, he was even more awkward than Ben was. And that , Ben knew, was not an easy thing to manage. It was ridiculous how bad he was at some things, but it helped. Ben felt so bad, but it helped him so much to actually be the one who knew things for once. Thankfully, Mr Hux seemed to be as amused by his own ignorance as he was embarrassed, and he never scolded or got annoyed with Ben when he couldn’t stop himself from poking fun at him. The first time Ben had done that, he’d panicked and actually frozen in place - just waiting for the harsh words, the impact, something - and he hadn’t known quite what to do with himself when Mr Hux had looked stunned for a moment, then thrown his head back and laughed so loudly it had echoed through the apartment. He had a very nice laugh, Ben thought. It made him happy to have made Mr Hux happy. He allowed himself to have at least that. He’d noticed other things as well. When Mr Hux was tired or annoyed, his accent became much more prominent, and Ben really liked it. Sometimes, when he was thinking about some detail or other while working through the massive amounts of paperwork that seemed to follow him everywhere, Mr Hux would hum along to the classical music he usually played. While it was obvious Ben’s music wasn’t really his thing, Mr Hux seemed pretty okay with listening to it if Ben wasn’t quite ready to turn it off yet. He’d never told him to turn it down, or to change - but he did look a bit confused sometimes when he picked up a line of lyrics or other. Ben didn’t blame him - Sisters and Cure were his two most played bands, and their lyrics didn’t always make sense if you weren’t used to listening to them. Besides, he liked that little crinkle that would turn up between his eyebrows, the way he’d purse his lips as he walked away to continue doing whatever it was he was doing. They touched a lot. That should have freaked Ben out, given how much he usually hated having people anywhere near him, but with Mr Hux it just felt… natural , safe, comforting. At least when they were both awake. Mr Hux hadn’t lied when he’d said he trashed about a bit in his sleep. ‘A bit’ didn’t exactly cover it; it was like sleeping next to a whirlwind, and it woke Ben up occasionally, but he didn’t mind half as much as he thought he would - because Mr Hux also talked in his sleep. Little semi-audible mutterings, sometimes just a word, sometimes what seemed like his half of a conversation. Mostly, it appeared, he was nagging his subordinates about getting the coffee machines to work - and while it was a little weird, it also made Ben feel a lot less awkward about his own sleeping habits. He wondered if Mr Hux was aware he was doing it. Though he had come to hate all the white walls in here - they reminded him too much of the hallways at the psych wards he’d been forced to spend time in - the light in this apartment was spectacular, and he had that familiar itch again; a need, an ache in his hands to put pen to paper and create stuff. It was really fucking difficult with his hand all wrapped up, but somehow he managed, and since then he was doodling on any piece of paper he could get his hands on. Mr Hux seemed to have noticed, as little stacks of papers from the printer in his office, (somewhere in the penthouse, there was an actual office, and Ben was sure he’d get lost and find Narnia if he tried to go looking for it), had started appearing on the kitchen counter, along with a graphite pen and eraser. Once Ben had finally gotten rid of the stitches and annoying bandages, he’d started sketching more and more, until he spent most of his time either on the couch or in that armchair with a pen in hand and a piece of paper taped to an old wooden tray placed in his lap. He couldn’t stop it. Drawing, painting, creating… it felt like breathing, like the rest of the world was someone else’s problem, like he was safe. Like life made sense. Sure, he wasn’t all that great - hardly even a fraction as good as his grandfather had been - but at least one could tell what it was supposed to be. Mr Hux didn’t seem to mind that he wasn’t very talkative while drawing, didn’t try to fill the silence, didn’t try to get him to do something ‘more productive’, didn’t criticize - didn’t even try to look at the drawings. If Ben left them somewhere - face down, always - Mr Hux left them alone. On the few occasions Mr Hux did see them, he just smiled, a quirk of his lips that looked… impressed? Phasma came over a lot, and he found himself liking her more and more. There was obviously some sort of strain between her and Hux, but she refused outright to tell if it had anything to do with him. It was weird to him how they could be obviously disagreeing on something big and important, but still have fun together. Was this how it was for other people? Was this something that was normal? When Han and Leia disagreed on something, Han would be sleeping on the couch, or in the guest bedroom for a while - their dinners icy and silent, and their patience with Ben even thinner than usual. It was usually during rows like that that Ben could expect a slap to the face for speaking out even from her. Leia would normally only use words - they were more than deadly enough - but Ben had learned to read the lines of her face, the tension in her arms, the little stiffness to the movements of her hands as she folded sheets or stirred gravy. He knew when he had to pretend to be a robot - to exist only when they told him to, speak only when spoken to, manage his tone, keep his bed made and his clothes off the floor, not leave the house a second longer than he had permission to, and not ever state an opinion of his own. But Mr Hux and Phasma played by some other rules. When he went quiet and withdrawn, they’d abandon whatever argument they were wrapped up in, cracking jokes and trying to reassure him that no one was angry with him, and that he had nothing to fear - even if their tones got snarky and loud sometimes. Ben knew they knew something must have happened in his past to make him this way - they were smart people - but he was thankful for the fact that they refrained from asking, at least for now. The questions would come - they always did, and he knew that once Mr Hux realized just how much of a wreck Ben really was, this would all come to an end faster than he could say ‘homeless’. No one wanted the reality of living with someone with Ben’s problems. Once they realized they couldn’t cure him, that this was just how he was , that it could still be all kinds of worse than it was now, they would head for the hills and leave him behind. As Thanksgiving had come and gone - just the two of them, and some really nice take out - Ben realized that he really didn’t want this to end. He wanted to stay here, in his little bubble, with Millie, and the view, and Mr Hux’ endless patience, forever. He’d give anything to have that. But that just wasn’t how life worked, and Ben knew that he was probably already living here on borrowed time, so he tried to put all of those thoughts as far back into his mind as he could. Because he was Ben Solo, and there was one thing he knew, it was that the second Ben solo wanted anything - the moment Ben Solo truly wished and prayed and hoped for something - the universe would without fail do everything in its power to have it taken away from him. You had to be a person to be worthy of having things, of wanting things. Ben wasn’t a person, he was just a walking mistake. Sooner or later, Mr Hux would realize that, too. But for now, Ben couldn’t bring himself to stop wishing for things he knew he’d never have. --- It was almost 8pm. Hux couldn’t remember the last time he had left the office so late. Just when he had gotten used to being outside the doors and well on his way home by the time the sun had started to set, he had been met with one of his most frustrating days in recent memory. Normally, Hux not only welcomed challenging clients; he lived for them. His desire to surprise the unsurprisable, make an impression on the unimpressible, had motivated him for as long as he had been in the industry - but, he thought, rubbing at the ache growing between his eyes and chastising himself for squinting when he knew it was only going to make worse the wrinkles already forming there, this was too much, even for him. As he slid into the backseat of his town car, giving his driver a look that he hoped conveyed just how little he wanted to talk about it, he pulled his phone from his pocket and held it close to his face. "Call Ben,” he instructed, his voice short even with the electronic, as if it was personally responsible for his frustration. Hux had been in meetings for the better part of four hours, and he still wasn’t sure what in the hell his client expected of him. The director of Manhattan’s newest - and in his opinion, most likely to fail miserably before the end of the year - interior design institute had talked herself in circles for so long that by the end of it, Hux’ head had been spinning, and he was no closer to understanding her vision for her company than he had been before they began. He’d run out of coffee an hour and a half in, and he hadn’t had time to do more than shoot a text off to the tablet that had become Ben’s under the table, telling him not to expect him home until later and not to worry. To find something to snack on in the refrigerator if he couldn’t hold off on eating until Hux made it home - he had a stockpile of the little yogurt cups Ben liked, as well as some pudding and crackers that he knew were easy on Ben’s stomach, no matter what state it was in. Ben hadn’t answered, which meant that either he was caught up in drawing or - more worryingly - he had fallen back to sleep. Ben never napped this late into the evening unless he wasn’t feeling well, and that thought had gnawed unpleasantly at the back of his mind until he’d finally been able to excuse himself. He’d practically had to slam his laptop closed on the girl’s fingers - her name was Jessika, and Hux would eat his nonexistent hat if she was a day over 20 or if the money for her endeavor had come from anywhere but her father’s pocketbook - in order to get her to stop talking. Agreeing that they’d meet again the next week for further discussion was a price Hux was willing to pay, since that seemed to be the only way of getting her out of his office and getting him to a place where he could call and ensure Ben hadn’t become ill. (Not that he would tell him if he had, but Hux had come to know Ben’s voice well enough that he didn’t need to.) Ben picked up on the second ring, before Hux’ stomach even had the time to work itself into knots. “Hi!” he said, sounding a little breathless, and Hux knew immediately that he was fine. Most likely, he had left the tablet across the room - on the kitchen counter, where he tended to forget it when he was focused on something else - and had jogged over from the sofa to retrieve it the moment he had heard Hux’ ringtone. “Sorry, I just.. shit, it’s already dark out,” he mumbled distractedly. There was the usual bit of rustling, and then Ben’s voice became so loud that Hux flinched. Even from blocks away, Hux could imagine him settling himself back on the sofa, legs pulled up underneath of him and tablet balanced in his lap on top of Hux’ pillow. “Sorry, what time is it, even- oh, you texted me?” “I did,” Hux agreed, powerless to stop the smile that entered his voice. Even Jessika’s entitled indecisiveness couldn’t stop the effect listening to Ben talk was beginning to have on him. “Well over an hour ago.” Ben had a habit of losing track of the time of day when he was drawing; he’d go entire hours without looking up, without remembering to eat or drink or even use the bathroom. Remembering to take his pills, too, went entirely out of the window, and whenever things like this happened, Hux was glad Ben had thought to ask that he be shown how to set an alarm on the tablet, so he wouldn’t miss a dose. “A-an hour ?” More shuffling, and then he heard Ben say, “Oh my god, you sent that text at… at like 6:30. What time is it now?” Hux knew the exact moment Ben realized, because there was silence that read as horrified even through the phone, and he began apologizing immediately. “Oh god. Fuck . I-I’m sorry, I lost track of time-... I didn’t mean.... Shit, it’s 8 o’clock already? I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you, I swear! I-” “Ben,” Hux said, speaking slowly and clearly so Ben couldn’t mistake him. “I’m not angry. I was a little worried, I admit, but I know you well enough by now that I don’t expect you to have the tablet glued to your side. You’re allowed to move about the apartment; in fact, I encourage it. I wasn’t calling to scold you - I just wanted to make sure that you wouldn’t mind having a repeat of Tuesday for dinner. I know we had Molyvos just a few days ago, but I’ve had one hell of a day, and I’m thinking a little baklava might go a ways toward making things seem less abysmal.” In truth, for as much as he enjoyed baklava, he couldn’t forget the way Ben’s face had looked upon biting into the dessert - and watching Ben enjoy things somehow did more to improve his mood than enjoying them for himself. Although he still sounded subdued, Ben agreed just as Hux had known he would, and by the time Hux had arranged to have dinner delivered, his driver was opening his door and handing him his briefcase. When Hux entered the penthouse, Ben was still on the sofa, but if indeed he had been sketching, he wasn’t anymore - instead, he was fiddling with the comforter wrapped around his shoulders. A sheet of paper from Hux’ printer was face-down in his lap, on top of the tablet, and Ben’s hair was mussed as if he’d been running his fingers through it. Usually by now Ben was ready for bed and preparing to take his last round of medication; tonight, he’d gotten as far as changing into the pajama pants Hux had lent him that first night they’d spent together, the drawstring tied a little more loosely than it had been then. Hux took pride in that, even as he swallowed a wave of guilt that he’d kept Ben waiting. It would be at least another half an hour until dinner was delivered, and Hux knew Ben wouldn’t be able to sleep for a little while after that, when he should have been climbing into bed soon. Ben might not have noticed how late Hux had been, but Hux had. “Sorry your day sucked,” Ben said, drawing his knees closer together to make room for Hux on the sofa while Hux finished removing his peacoat and gloves. He sounded like he blamed himself for that when, in fact, talking to Ben had been the only decent part of Hux’ day, and Hux sighed, collapsing next to him before even making his way to the bedroom to change out of his work attire. The tie chafed at his neck, and he reached up to loosen it. “It’s nothing,” Hux argued, waving his free hand in Ben’s direction. “And before you ask, no, it’s not your fault - unless you referred a woman named Jessika and her half-assed interior design institution to Imperial Marketing. If that’s the case, I’m never speaking to you again. Which would be unfortunate, since it would make the two of us sharing this apartment rather awkward. But since I highly doubt you’re to blame for that little gift, you can stop apologizing.” He leaned his head against the back of the sofa, turning to look at Ben. “Did you nap today?” Ben was knuckling at an eye, looking very much like he hadn’t, and Hux raised a brow at him critically. “I-... uhm, yes!” Ben seemed to catch himself in the act and drew the incriminating hand away from his eye guiltily. “But, uhm, but I’m not sure… I don’t remember the time…?” He trailed off and bit his lip, looking like he was thinking very hard as he lifted the paper on top of the tablet to check the time again. “It was, uhm, a while ago - after lunch, I think? Maybe? A-at least I think it was lunch, because the alarm went off, and I took my meds, and then I thought I should probably get the dishes into the dishwasher, but I was just so sleepy, and-” Suddenly, he looked panicked, as if he was about to leap from the sofa. “Oh shit, I forgot to put them in! I’m sorry! They’re still in the sink, just let me -” Hux stopped him with a hand on his shoulder. “Ben, they’ll keep. How many can there be? You usually eat pudding for lunch. Or cereal. What did you leave in the sink? A spoon?” When Ben flushed lightly, just the slightest darkening across his cheekbones, Hux knew he’d hit the nail directly on the head. Ben sometimes was more experimental with his choices of food when Hux wasn’t around, but those were his perennial favorites. “Besides, it’s late, and we’re about to eat dinner anyway. We’re just going to make more,” he argued, the tension in Ben’s shoulders dissolving easily under his touch. The boy’s responses were learned - from where, Hux didn’t know, though he had his suspicions - and while he couldn’t turn them off, it was becoming easier for Hux to minimize them by the day. “Why don’t you finish what you were working on?” Hux said, indicating the paper in his lap. “It must be quite enthralling if it was enough to keep you from noticing it had grown dark outside.” He quirked his mouth to show that the comment was meant in fun, then reached out to ruffle Ben’s hair. It was growing longer, well past his chin now, and Hux liked the feel of it, always as soft as if Ben had just gotten out of the shower. Unlike Hux, he didn’t use any products to style it, and while the right product might have helped to tame its wildness, Hux was loathe to tell him that for reasons that were… not entirely altruistic. Ben leaned into the touch, his eyelashes fluttering. “It’s nothing important,” he mumbled, “j-just a doodle, really. I- I can continue tomorrow or something.” “Don’t be ridiculous,” Hux interrupted. “Dinner’s not going to be delivered for a while yet. Molyvos is notoriously slow. Might as well finish your sketch - you know it’s going to bother you later if you don’t.” He leaned over Ben and peered at the paper, his hand hovering above it, waiting for permission. “May I?” Hux had only seen a handful of Ben’s drawings when he wasn’t working on them - though he didn’t seem to notice being watched while in the act of sketching, he hoarded the finished products as if Hux’ eyes landing on them might set them aflame. Whether he was ashamed of his work or simply preferred it kept private, Hux wasn’t about to betray his trust by looking when it wasn’t wanted - but this time, Ben surprised him by nodding minutely, his eyes tracking motions of Hux’ hand. When Hux flipped the paper over, it was to an image he knew well - one he saw in the mirror every morning. It was the second time in the same month that his own face had looked back at him from a page - though this time, Hux thought, Ben had been far too kind to him. While there was no doubt who the sketch was meant to be, Hux had never looked half so good, so soft and subdued, the lines of his face that could easily have been harsh made blurred and muted. He looked so… so kind, never a word Hux would have used to describe himself - and yet there was no denying it. If he hadn’t known just how it was made, he’d have a hard time being convinced it wasn’t a photograph. Hux couldn’t stop himself from touching; his hand brushed the page, the pads of his fingers picking up graphite as he skimmed the surface, careful not to disturb the image, and he sucked in a breath. “Is…” He went quiet for a moment, searching for the right words to say. “Is this how you see me Ben?” Ben hadn’t bothered to turn on any of the lights in the living area save for the Restoration Hardware floor lamp that stood next to the sofa, so that when he looked up at Hux, his face was bathed in amber light that accentuated the remarkable set of his features, and suddenly, Hux was taken with the absurd wish that he had even the barest artistic talent. That he could capture Ben this way, the way Ben had captured him. He couldn’t, of course, wasn’t sure if anyone would have been capable of reproducing the way Ben looked at that moment - Ben who looked like no one else Hux had ever known. Who should, perhaps, have been ugly, but who, instead, could have been the only thing Hux laid his eyes on for the rest of his life and he would not have complained. “It’s not all that good,” Ben whispered, already reaching to take the drawing back. Reluctantly, Hux let him. “It probably doesn’t really look like you at all, and it’s not like I just drew it out of memory or anything - I’m not that good; I had to… uhm, google a picture for reference ‘cause I kept fucking the lines up, and it’s a mess, I know. Sorry, I should’ve asked first, but it was easier to try with a face I sort of know, you know? Instead of just going with some random one, but I was just… I’m sorry, I just wanted to draw… Hux let out a huff of disbelieving laughter. “Surely you must be joking,” he said, the tone of his voice offsetting the harshness of his words. “You’re correct in that it doesn’t look like me, but only because I could never do justice to such a lovely image. I only wish I looked like this.” He rubbed his fingers together, where they were dusted with graphite. “You did this with a standard #2 pencil?” Again, Ben nodded at that, and Hux shook his head, still laughing to himself. “You are truly unbelievable. If you can make me look like that using a pencil meant to be used by schoolchildren for filling in bubbles on standardized tests, imagine what you could do with charcoal. Or with a fine set of ink pens. Or paint.” Excited by the prospect, Hux drew a leg up underneath himself and turned to face Ben fully. “Ben, have you ever painted?” Ben looked startled at Hux’ sudden interest, crinkling the edges of the drawing as his hands began to ball into fists. “Y-yeah, I guess? I-mean, sometimes. Messed around a little, you know, in school and whatever. My grandma let me try stuff when I was at her house sometimes, but it’s not like, you know... I’m not an artist or anything, you know? This- this is fine. I don’t need-” Cautiously, Hux put his hands around the length of Ben’s knobby fingers, smoothing what creases he could out of the drawing. He hadn’t considered the idea before this, but now that he had… what better way to keep Ben’s mind occupied throughout the day? There was no doubt Ben was intelligent, his wit sharp; surely drawing or painting on a real easel with real tools that had actually been made with the purpose of creating art was a better use of his mind that watching reruns of true crime series he’d already seen. “Ben,” he pleaded, gently disentangling the sketch from Ben’s hold and setting it on the arm of the sofa, where it wouldn’t be in danger of further harm coming to it. It may have been vain to keep a drawing of himself, but he wanted it all the same. “You must let me outfit with you with the proper tools! You are far too talented for me to watch you draw on another cocktail napkin. Please. Think of it as… as an early Christmas present, if you must!” “A-a Christmas present?” Ben felt dizzy. “I don’t-! I’m not… I don’t know how to... ” He swallowed hard. “A-are you s-sure you want to, uhm, you know, spend that money on me? I’m not… I just doodle stuff. It’s just… it’s just a waste of time, honestly. I shouldn’t even… I mean, I should do something more productive. Something that’s actually useful, I’m sorry. I mean, it’s real nice of you to offer, but it’s okay. I know it’s stupid. You really don’t have to.” “Ben,” Mr Hux said very slowly, taking his hands and carefully running his thumbs over Ben’s knuckles. The right hand was still sore, the new tissue in that weird stage where it was both numb and over-sensitive - but for whatever reason, Mr Hux’ touch still felt good. “Listen to me. You should first know that anything that makes me look that handsome by half is never a waste of time.” He nodded towards the drawing. “There have been times I’ve considered sitting for a portrait, but seeing what I’ve seen today, I couldn’t be more glad I decided against it. Few artists could hope to create something like that, even with the finest of tools, while you’ve been here, in my home, turning out masterpieces without my knowing it. Why on earth would you think I shouldn’t do anything in my power to help you foster this skill ? Unless… it does make you happy, doesn’t it?” Ben didn’t look at him, but couldn’t stop himself from nodding. “Nothing that makes you happy is stupid, Ben. Do you hear me?” “I’m sorry,” Ben mumbled. “I just… I’ve never…” He dared to meet Mr Hux’ gaze, then quickly looked away again. For the moment there was sympathy in his eyes, care even, but Ben refused to see the second the sympathy turned to pity. But he had to explain, he knew that. If there was anything he was good at it was reading every last little speck of nuance in a voice, in the choice of words, in the shift in someone’s posture. It was the only way to navigate life in the Organa-Solo house - and while Mr Hux hadn’t explicitly asked, it was clear that Ben was expected to tell him the story behind this… issue of his. He took a deep breath, and tried again. “M-my granddad,” he started. “He was an artist. A proper one. Like, he had actual exhibitions and stuff. But, uhm, they… uhm, they didn’t have a lot of money - him and grandma - and then, uhm, the war happened. So he got drafted, and he really didn’t want to, because grandma was pregnant, and stuff...” God, this was hard to talk about! “And then… he went off to fight, and when he came back he… he wasn’t the same. He’d been really badly injured, lost a leg, and got stuck in a wheelchair. There was other stuff too, like shrapnel and some burns and stuff - so he couldn’t get a job when he was discharged. He and grandma divorced when m-mum was just three or four, and he just… you know, spiraled from there. They say he had some… uhm, that there was something wrong with his head. Like, he was sick or something. And, uhm, he kept painting, but since he couldn’t get anything sold anymore, ‘cause he never left the house unless to-... unless to buy booze or drugs, he got evicted.” Ben swallowed hard, tears forming in his eyes despite his attempts to keep them away. “He, uhm… They didn’t know whether he was alive or dead until grandma got a call from the hospital saying he’d been found in the alley outside some sleazy bar or whatever. He died from an O.D. I was four.” He took another peek at Mr Hux, who looked frozen to the spot. It seemed like he was going to say something, but now that Ben had gotten started, the words wouldn’t let themselves be stopped - and even though he knew he was saying way too much, was sharing stuff that no one fucking cared about , that he was wasting Mr Hux’ time, he had to continue. Had to get this out of his system. Besides, he’d rather Mr Hux tell him to shut up than be accused of lying by withholding any sort of information. He knew full well that the shame of being told he was talking too much, that no one was listening anymore, was far easier to handle than the consequences of being called a liar. “H-he had nothing when he died,” he croaked, choking back a sob. “Only the clothes on his body, his dogtags, and a photo of grandma. He didn’t even- didn’t even have a single drawing left.” Reclaiming his left hand, Ben wiped irritatedly at his eyes and nose. “So, you know… Having grown up with all of that, mum wasn’t… I guess she didn’t want the same for me. You know? And dad… He… uhm, he’s kinda old fashioned. He thinks a man should- should do useful stuff, you know, like learn all the practical shit. Fix cars, repair stuff, get a proper job - things like that.” He smiled ruefully. “Obviously they know better than me when it comes to this stuff, I know they do. I’m just… I’m no good with stuff like that. Never was. I’m… Mum always says I’m too much like, uhm, like him . That if I don’t watch out, I’m gonna end up like him. In the… in the gutter. Art doesn’t pay the bills. They always told me that. Art doesn’t keep you fed. It doesn’t help you provide for your family. It’s useless.” He managed to stop the ‘ I’m useless ’ that almost followed - knowing that it would probably just annoy Mr Hux. But he didn’t have to say it to know it was the truth. “So, uhm, thank you - but I’m fine. I know it’s a waste of time, and you really shouldn’t spend your money on me. I need to start pulling my weight around here, anyway. Might as well get started now that I got both my hands working again. Or, you know, go back to work or something. If, uhm, if I still have a job, that is...” Suddenly grateful that he hadn’t thought to take off his blazer before settling down next to Ben, Hux dug into the pocket to fish out the handkerchief he usually kept tucked there. When Ben had calmed down enough that he stemmed the tide of words rushing out of him, Hux placed it in his hand and wrapped his own around it, guiding it up to where tears had left his eyes puffy and red, and he gently encouraged him to dab at the corners. “There’s a reason it’s said a true gentleman is never caught without a handkerchief,” he joked. “You never know when one of these is going to come in handy.” The words came out strained, his humor falling flat in the wake of his anger. He didn’t feel much like a gentleman - he felt like someone who would very much have liked to revisit the night he had laid another man out for insulting his watch. Except he was sober this time, and it wasn’t his watch that had been done injury. He wasn’t sure what he had expected - had Ben’s family been worth their salt, they would have been the first ones at the emergency room the day Ben had taken out his administrative division. They would have reached out to Ben sometime in the month he and Hux had known each other. Would have showed up outside of Hux’ building and demanded entry if that was the only way of seeing their son. Instead, there had been nothing but radio silence. Ben let out a watery sniffle, and Hux gave him a moment to collect himself - one that Hux took to collect himself as well. “I…” he began, then cleared his throat when his voice threatened to break. “I know all about parents with unfair expectations.” The words stuck in his throat; they’d been so long held back, it was like trying to force water out through a spigot that had been blocked. “My father, he… ah… dammit,” Hux cursed, balling his hand into a first and bringing in down on his folded knee as he bit his tongue at his own impotence. He shut his eyes for a moment; when he opened them, Ben looked on the verge of tears again. “Forgive me, I… this is not something I often talk about. But I only thought you should know…” He trailed off again. Never had he felt more helpless than when he tried to reach out to Ben. “Ben, my father is not in my life. Hasn’t been since I was able to make the choice for him not to be.” When he swallowed, his throat clicked, the ache there one that could only be soothed with a glass of wine or a snifter of brandy. “I… what I’m trying to tell you is that your family will tell you many things. Things that make you think you’d never be able to make it through without them. That you aren’t capable of running your own firm without their input; that they’re the ones who made you. That who or what you are is something that can be traced back to your lineage rather than your own determination. That you are reliant or dependent or any number of other bullshit notions.” He shook his head, laughing bitterly. He hadn’t meant to say any of those things - things that he couldn’t even be sure applied to Ben in all the ways they applied to him - but he couldn’t take them back now. “Ben, the point is: whatever your family has said to you about your art, it’s untrue. All of it.” Ben still had the handkerchief pressed to his face. “I-I’m sorry,” he stuttered. “A-about your dad, I mean - I-I didn’t know...uhm, I shouldn’t have said-” “No, let me finish.” Hux cut him off. “This isn’t about me or my father or any of it. Your skill as an artist isn’t just impressive - it’s marketable. You think you can’t make a living off art? Tell that to the original Seurat hanging above my bed. Do you know how much that painting cost? The better side of fifty-million dollars, Ben - and I would have paid more had the bids climbed higher. Anyone who tells you art is unimportant or inconsequential or useless is someone whose opinion should be discarded, and quickly.” He took the sketch in his hands, crumpled now at the edges, and held it up, so that Ben was forced to look at what he had drawn. “Look at this,” he said. “You have a gift, and you’re going to use it, as long you’re here with me - and as long as you want to. This notion of you needing to pull your weight - that’s absurd. I have a woman who cleans this penthouse, a driver who takes me wherever I need to go, so many secretaries and financial advisors and PR people at my firm that I can’t keep track of them all. The last thing I need is another employee. Your only job here is, as it always has been, to get well.” Ben opened his mouth, looking like he was about to interrupt, and Hux held up a finger, shushing him. “But. If you truly feel you must do something for me outside of being willing to share my baklava - because god knows I haven’t once managed the entire piece on my own, and I never remember to eat it before it goes bad in the refrigerator - then I have a proposition for you. Ben, if you must do something, I want you to paint for me.” Ben was so pale he looked as if he might faint, his hold on the handkerchief so loose it was a surprise he hadn’t dropped it yet. “Y-you-... you’re kidding me, right?” the boy argued, even as Hux reached out to take the pink square of cloth from between limp fingers. “No way- There’s n-no way you’d want me to-… uh-uh, no, no way. You could afford anything , why - I mean, y-you could-” “No, I’m not kidding you .” Hux took his time folding the square, ensuring the corners were creased, even though Ben had used it thoroughly and it would need to be laundered. When he was finished, he looked Ben straight in the eyes, resting a hand on his knee. “You’re right - I could afford anything. Isn’t it just my luck then that I have the most talented artist I’ve ever had the pleasure of coming in contact with sitting right here, on my sofa, looking at an expanse of empty wall so huge that there’s not much of anything he wouldn’t be able to paint on it? What do you say, Ben? Accept the gift. Paint my wall.” “I-I… I can’t really say no to that, can I? I mean… i-if you think I- that I could do it...” Ben’s eyes dropped to the hand on his knee, then moved to the wall behind Hux’ head, roving over the ample white space, just begging to be painted. It was so large he could easily have fit an entire mural, if that’s what he chose, and even as he debated whether he could allow himself to accept this, Hux could see the wheels beginning to turn, Ben imagining what he might put there. “But I don’t even-… Oh my God, what would I even-” “Anything you want,” Hux assured him, before he had even finished the question. “The choice is yours. I don’t know the first thing about painting. Just make a list of the tools you’ll need, and I’ll see that you have them. From there, you have total artistic control.” If only Phasma could see him now, he thought - Phasma who had mocked him mercilessly for the three weeks he’d spent deliberating over the shade of cream for the Karastan carpeting in his foyer. “Mr Hux,” Ben gushed, and he leaned forward, into Hux’ space, close enough that their noses could have brushed, had either one of them turned the right way. “I… I don’t know what to say, I- shit, I just- thank you. I’ll try my hardest, I swear it.” He was practically beaming. “Ben.” Hux chuckled at his enthusiasm; he’d never seen Ben so excited about anything , and that alone made the wall worth it, no matter how it turned out. Hell, he’d let him paint the whole damn penthouse if it made him smile like this, wide open and so sweet it almost hurt to look at it. “You’ve been living in my house for almost a month. Don’t you think it’s time you called me Hux?” He squeezed Ben’s knee, relishing the warmth between them, the stress of the day abandoned far below on the city streets. “Oh, and don’t go thanking me yet. I’ve been told I’m a bear to work with.” Notes: Yes, Ben is a better artist than he gives himself credit for. Yes, Hux notices. Yes, this changes things. Chapter 10 Notes: Trigger warning: brief thought/consideration of self-harm. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben had pretty much given up any hopes of ever feeling like he wasn’t completely reeling with all the new twists and turns his life was currently taking. As soon as he found his bearings again, the world, or Mr Hux - no, just Hux now - would deliver some new information or opportunity, or praise - and it would send Ben’s entire world spinning again. He was learning how to navigate it - if there was anything Ben Solo was good at it was learning the rules as quickly as physically possible in order to avoid repercussions - and he was getting fairly good at it, too. But this last spin… It was four days later now, and he still had a hard time comprehending it. Hux had asked him to paint the living room wall. He had called Ben the most talented artist he’d ever known, and he had asked him to paint the fucking living room wall. It was a big wall, too. A perfect square canvas, with the best possible natural light coming at it from three directions - and the entire living room was facing it. It would be the centerpiece of the room had Hux not already had that grand piano standing there like some hulking yet elegant beast - and Ben had free hands, permission to paint whatever the hell he wanted. And if that hadn’t been enough, Hux had let it slip, yesterday during dinner - causing Ben to choke on his soda - that if he liked the living room wall, then perhaps Ben would be willing to do the other walls as well. Since there was quite few of them, and they were rather… well, boring, weren’t they? Though he would never say it out loud, Ben was sure Hux must’ve hit his head pretty damn hard on the way from work if he could make that kind of a suggestion. Right now, Ben was fiddling. It was a Tuesday afternoon, and Hux had called to tell him he was leaving Imperial and would come pick Ben up as soon as they made it through traffic. They were going to go shop for art supplies, and Ben was developing a rather impressive bruise on his left thigh from where he kept pinching himself just to make sure he was awake. Hux had apparently - in his usual, hyper organized manner - asked around and googled for art supply stores in New York, and presented Ben with a very short list. It only had two names on it, and Ben had listened to Hux describing the first one as ‘respectable and well-established’, and the other one as ‘it seemed to have good ratings, but their aesthetic is abhorrent’. Ben had felt all warm inside, unable to stop himself from smiling despite how much he hated his smile, at how much work Hux had put into this. He couldn’t for the life of him see why anyone would want want to waste so much time and money on him, but he figured that since he had asked Ben to paint his wall, it was to be considered as some form of deal or investment, and Ben could handle that. It made far more sense than Hux doing this just to be… nice. No one was ever just nice to Ben, and he knew better than to think a man like Hux would be the one to start now. The business aspect made it much easier for him to - as politely as he possibly could - explain to Hux why they were not going to his first choice of store. Ben might not have been allowed to use his creative talent - which he still very much doubted was half as great as Hux made it out to be - but he had owned a worn old laptop, and he knew how to use privacy settings on his browser. Unlike most guys his age, he guessed, he didn’t use them to surf for porn half as often as he used it to spend hours and hours looking at art, gallery exhibitions, and the different kinds of paints, pencils, inks, canvases, and thousands other tools and mediums he desperately wished he’d get to try before he died. Therefore he knew that Hux’ first choice, New York Central Art Supply, was a no go. They had been sold earlier that year, and the firm that had taken over was not one Ben was very impressed with. Their selection had narrowed dramatically, and silly as it may be, he refused to buy anything with the word 'A rtarama ’ on the bag. There was a limit, even for Ben, how much he would willingly embarrass himself, and he would rather not be associated with something that sounded like it was marketed to kids. When he had explained this to Hux, the man had winced even harder at the Artarama thing than Ben, and quickly discarded that option. So in the end it was decided that they were heading down to DaVinci Art Supply instead - as they had a solid reputation, knowledgeable staff, and an About Us on their website that looked good enough to Hux. Ben hadn’t the heart to tell him that art and marketing were two very different spheres, and that he really shouldn’t expect too much. He just tried to keep his tired brain focused for long enough to let Hux explain the details of their outing - having learned quickly that Ben needed a lot of structure around him to function well - but still managing to fall asleep on the couch. He’d woken up in bed a few hours later, and he refused to even think about how he ended up there. The thought of being carried there and tucked in did all kinds of weird things to his heart, and he really couldn’t handle that right now. Today was the day, and Ben had done as he was told and slept a bit longer than usual during his midday nap. It was easier to plan lunch and activities during the day now that he didn’t have any meds to take with his lunch, and thus no nausea to plan around, and he really needed that nap if he was to make it through this outing. Then he had made sure to shower and shave, before dressing down as much as he could in the clothes Hux had bought for him. His hair was a bloody mess as always, but there wasn’t much to be done. At least it wasn’t that awful bowl-cut look alike thing that Leia usually had him in. He’d almost put the razor to his skin at the treacherous thought - having stood paralyzed by sudden anxiety for a good ten minutes, until his brain finally realized that Leia wasn’t around to hear him think it. That it was just a thought. That she wouldn’t be there to make him regret it. He had a lot of those moments nowadays. More and more of them, if he was to be honest with himself, but for now he really didn’t want to think too much about it. That would be like breaking open a hornet’s nest, and he wasn’t in a place where he was ready to do that. He’d been soaking wet from the cold sweat - it had gone right through the fabric - and he had to take another shower, and then tried blowdrying his hair. Leia would always get annoyed with him when he did, as she said it would damage the ends, and she’d have to waste money on sending him to the hairdresser again before he really needed it. She’d also commented that the volume made his short hair stand up in a way that made him look absolutely stupid - ‘like a poodle’, she’d laughed, and sent for Han. He’d sent Ben right back in under the water and told him to just ‘dry the stuff like a normal guy’. So this time it had taken another ten minutes of staring at the blow-dryer before he even dared reach out for it, but now he was glad he did. Berating himself for his vanity, Ben still had to admit he liked the way it made his hair feel, and before he could stop himself he thought about whether Hux would like it. Even with those extra steps, he had still finished with time to spare - dressed in a pair of dark slacks, an oxblood coloured shirt, with the top few buttons left open, and the pair of least dressy shoes he had. He’d been ready for an hour, and now he was fiddling with the remains of what had been a rather bad doodle of Millicent, but what was now more of a… well, pile of shreds in various stages of crumpledness. When he heard the sound of the front door, he leapt to his feet, hurrying towards the entrance hall to make sure Hux didn’t have to wait a second longer than necessary. The older man smiled as came to meet him. “That shirt is stunning on you, truly. One of my favorites of Thannison’s picks to date,” he said by way of greeting, then peered a little closer. “You look well this afternoon. Good day?” He squinted, cocking his head to the side. Ben nodded as he dug his coat out from the closet, fumbling as usual, and tried not to blush as Hux took it from him and helped him into it. “It’s, uhm, one of the better ones so far,” he said. “I wasn’t nauseous after lunch, so that was pretty good. Actually got a good nap, too. I feel… yeah, uhm, it’s a good day.” “You don’t know how it delights me to hear you say that, Ben.” Hux chose a scarf from the top rack of the closet and held it out to him. “It’s damn near glacial out there; best dress for it. Shall we?” --- Every single one of Ben’s carefully made plans for this outing about staying close to Hux at all times, being on his absolute best behaviour and saying and doing absolutely fucking nothing that could even remotely make him look greedy, spoiled, or ungrateful, were totally forgotten the second he stepped inside the store. All of his senses were flooded with impressions all at once - the sight of all the stuff, the smell of wood, paint, paper, and all the other things, the faint taste coming to linger in his mouth as he inhaled deeply, the dampened sound of rustling, talking, clinking, the warm, dry air - and before he could even think about what he was doing, he was walking down the nearest aisle, running his hand over the collections of sketchpads displayed on the shelves there. He was vaguely aware that Hux had been saying something to him, but right now nothing else existed but Ben and all the things he had ever wanted to have. He was not just allowed but expected to pick out anything and everything he could possibly need - not just for the moment, but for the foreseeable future - as Hux had gently reminded him that it would probably be a while before Ben was well enough to just head over here and restock on things. They needed to plan ahead, so Ben had to promise to make sure he was covered for every possible creative urge he might get. Ben wondered if Hux had the faintest idea just how much stuff that would be, but then again, the man had gone out and bought him an entire wardrobe, so maybe this was just normal stuff to him. Just going through the different sketchpads alone would take ages, he knew that; there were so many different kinds, and so many different brands it made his head swim, but he took his time, feeling the paper, comparing it, reveling in it, then making a mental list of which ones he wanted to take home with him. He’d need a lot of regular ones, that was obvious, but there were pads for mixed media, for ink, for marker pens, for all kinds of things, and in so many sizes… Would it be rude to ask Hux for one of each size? Maybe not. He had said ‘everything you need,’ after all. Once he was satisfied with his list of pads, he went on to add tracing paper and a proper light table to the list - the store had just the model he’d been coveting for years, in A3 size too, which was just a dream come true - then a few clipboards, rulers, erasers, and all the other little standard items he’d need regardless of what else he bought. Then he came to the colouring pencils, and before he could even start thinking of what brands and types, he just had to stand there for a moment and look. He recognized some of them from his grandma’s house - she’d saved a lot of his granddad’s stuff when he moved out, but unfortunately none of his paintings - and he knew he had to take at least a few of them home with him. It made sense, after all; he had used them before, even though it was at least a decade ago now. But they had these pencils here, that were colouring pencils, but that would come out looking like a mix of ink and watercolour if one put water on them, and Ben just had to try that! In the end, most of the different pencils went on his list - they came in really neat boxes of up to almost a hundred different shades, which was really practical too. Charcoal crayons and pens next, then the markers. Oh God, he’d never realized there were so many different kinds of those! Maybe it was best to stick to a few different pre-made sets of colours? Just until he was sure he knew how to use them. No use wasting money on stuff he might not even like, right? The spray paint was easy - he wanted all of it, especially after he found one brand that he remembered had good reputation for quality that was also easier on the lungs, and something he could use indoors without harming himself of Millie. The different inks were equally easy, and he made a note to get both pens and brushes for those. Then he had to go back to the pads again, just to make sure he’d seen one that would work for that - just as an excuse to look at everything again. He couldn’t fucking believe he was actually here, actually doing this, actually being encouraged to pick things out for himself. For once, he was glad for the somewhat numbing effects of the Zyprexa, because otherwise he’d been bawling like a baby out of sheer happiness by now. He’d had his fill of ugly-crying in public for the next decade or so already, thank you very much. Listing a set of every single type of brush and canvas there was, was an easy thing to justify, he told himself. If there was anything that would need to be restocked a lot it was those things. Brushes got lost, broken, ruined, or just plain bad, and would need replacing occasionally. Canvases were, well, supposed to be used only once, so it was logical that he’d need many of those. But it was the paint itself that was the highlight of this entire visit, and it was completely intentional that he’d saved it for last. His granddad had mostly used oil, his grandma had told him when he was little, and Ben still remembered the boxes of half-used, squeezed-into-crumpled-mess little tubes, jars and bottles of various dried colours with their names and mixing dates scribbled onto them, and the very distinct smell that came with them. It had given him a headache, and his grandma had smiled and said it did that to her too, but that as long as one made sure to air the room out occasionally, it wasn’t all bad. Ben wanted to try oil, he really did - he’d been pretty good with it during art class in school - and he added it to his list, but for now he wanted to start with something a little easier. Had their selection of acrylic paint really been this large on their website? Or had he missed a page or five? He recognized the brand they’d used in school, and he decided not to go with that, as it hadn’t really been too great a quality, and he had a feeling Hux would refuse to buy it just from how childish the design of the bottles were. He really hoped Hux hadn’t made any other plans after this, because this was going to take a while. He hadn’t even looked at the watercolours yet. Or the easels. And he really didn’t want this to end too soon, because he felt… happy. Really happy. --- Hux had never set foot in an art supply store. Of gallery openings and exhibitions, he’d seen more than his share, but he’d never had either the need or desire to attempt art of his own, so of the places one might procure the tools necessary to do so, he knew very little. DaVinci Art Supply, however, looked exactly as he’d always imagined such a shop would, bigger on the inside than it appeared on the outside, both homey and industrial in a way he didn’t entirely understand, but that wasn’t unpleasant. It smelled a little like wood shavings, he thought, the light that filtered through the windows catching on the dust that hung in the air, and anywhere else he might have looked down his nose at that, but here it seemed fitting. “Well, it certainly looks as if they have a fair selection,” he commented to Ben, holding the door open to usher the boy inside. Behind him, the bell above the door tinkled merrily as Hux let it swing shut, and he continued, taking in the wooden signs that hung from the ceiling, indicating what supplies could be found in each of the aisles. “You’re welcome to start wherever you like, but painting supplies are housed that way - at least that’s what it says on the sign - and I think we’d best find someone to start taking down our order, so we don’t have to walk the aisles with our arms full-” By the time he turned back to address Ben, he had gone missing, disappeared entirely, and Hux trailed off, looking around in confusion. “Ben?” He hadn’t taken his eyes off of Ben for more than a few moments - how far could he have gotten in a shop of this size? On the rare occasions they went out - mostly to pick up food, if Ben was feeling well enough, or to stroll around the block below his penthouse when Ben was taken by restlessness - he stuck close to Hux’ side, never venturing out of sight. This was new, and with a bit of concern, Hux called out to him again. "Ben?” He lowered his voice to a stage-whisper, peering down the first of the aisles, which - according to the wooden sign above it - housed charcoal pencils and something called graphite sticks. Ben’s tousled head wasn’t immediately visible, and thinking that the second of those two items sounded very much like a regular pencil he could have picked up just as easily almost anywhere, Hux set about looking for someone who could not only begin a list of the supplies Ben would need to take with him, but who could help him navigate the shop well enough to locate the boy in the first place. The shop was bustling for just past lunchtime in the middle of the week - though no one had dared ask, he would gladly have cited Ben’s health as the reason he’d needed to leave the office early once again, even to himself - but, Hux supposed, what better gift could there be for an artist than art supplies? It wasn’t the crowd that surprised him, but the kind of people DaVinci Art Supply attracted. He’d expected for the shoppers he saw here to be visibly artsy - young, willowy women with their hair parted down the middle or wound into braids, men wearing fedoras and horn-rimmed glasses, eccentric-looking types who’d never left behind the aesthetic of the art students he’d known at Princeton. But the majority of these people looked… startlingly nondescript. Like any number of Hux’ employees, wearing ties and vests, as if they, too, had abandoned the paperwork left piled high on their desks in favor of an afternoon spent inspecting the different brands of coloring pencils. Hux wound his way around them until he came upon a register, next to which stood a man - probably closer to Ben’s age than Hux’ - wearing a beige, paint-spattered apron. A collection of brushes poked out from the pockets on either side, and as Hux took in his face, he saw there was even one tucked behind his ear in a way that reminded him of Edwards, the journalist that had interviewed him a lifetime-and-a-half ago. The strings of his apron were wrapped around his waist twice, to tie in the front, his hands collecting what Hux recognized as a ball of modeling clay that someone had abandoned on the counter. It left his palms an unhealthy-looking shade of grey, and as he wiped the glass underneath where the clay had sat, there could be no doubt that he worked here; at first glance, he was the only person Hux could be certain did. They didn’t wear name tags here, apparently, nor did they have any sort of uniform, and Hux took his chance. “I presume you’re the man I would talk to were I to inquire about placing a rather large order?” Hux took his wallet from the pocket of his peacoat and flashed his American Express; he knew of no quicker way to let a man know he meant business. “I’m here with a personal friend who is preparing for a project of some importance, and I’d like to see to it that he has everything he might need, and then some.” The shop worker, who had hair the color of toffee, Hux noted, used his already soiled apron to dust off the residue from his hands, though it did little to budge the grey film that had covered them. “My friend - Ben is his name - should have a good idea of where to start, but knowing him as I do, I suspect he’ll try to be sparing with his list. I don’t want him to be sparing, if you understand my meaning. He might not be willing to choose the best for himself, but I want the best for him. Of course, I would see the man who helps him with this was rewarded handsomely, as I am, unfortunately, quite hopeless in this department.” Hux had played the hopeless novice in this past, and it worked just as well now, the toffee-colored head nodding and smiling easily. “Oh, it’s not as hard as you think to find your way around the place, but sure, I’m your man.” He extended his hand, and Hux took it firmly, unconcerned with the grey residue cracking in the grooves of his knuckles. It was all the part of the whole “art shop” aesthetic, after all. If he was going to do this - for Ben - he might as well do it right. “We don’t do a lot of large orders, but I’m sure we can figure something out. Just let me see if I can track down a pad of paper…” He ducked behind the register for a moment, Hux rubbing his now soiled hand along the leg of his pants, and when he appeared again, he had found what he was looking for. “So where is he - this friend who needs my help?” “Well, that’s….I’ve managed to lose him, I think. You keep it rather dark in here, don’t you?” Hux used a nail to scratch behind his ear, a bit self-conscious now. “I was hoping you might have seen him come this way? He’s…” He paused, considering the best way to describe Ben without resorting to cliches. “He’s about my height. Slim. Perhaps a little broader across the shoulders, dark hair in an atrocious cut that somehow manages to not look atrocious on him at all. It’s like dark magic, that hair, I tell you. Really striking features - totally unique, the kind you’ve never seen before. There’s something.... oh, I don’t know what it is, about him, but you’ll recognize it as soon as you see it. Everyone does.” Hux stopped himself. This wasn’t helpful at all. It sounded as if he was describing some elusive woodland creature, rather than a human. “He’s probably wandering around here right now looking all starry-eyed. You’ll know him because he’ll look like a child in a candy store and, as soon as you see him smile, you won’t be able to stop yourself from joining him. Don’t even try it because, believe me, it won’t work.” When he finished, the man blinked at him, wide-eyed. “Okay. I - uh. I’m not really sure what to do with any of that - other than to suggest that, if you’re not into visual art, maybe you should try poetry.” Hux didn’t appreciate the joke, and ruffled, he schooled his expression into something serious. He didn’t enjoy being laughed at, even silently. “Listen, the name’s Jason. What do you say the two of us just try to find him together, and we’ll go from there?” “Hux,” he said simply, his voice gruff now, by way of response. The shop worker - Jason - had taken a few steps in front of him in preparation to lead him through the aisles, but upon hearing Hux’ name, he stopped in his tracks, turning to face him so quickly that Hux nearly smashed directly into his nose. “Hux…” he repeated, disbelief evident in the single world. He squinted at Hux’ features, and Hux took a step back. “I thought I recognized you from somewhere. You - you were on the cover of last month’s issue of Esquire, weren’t you? I mean, that was just your profile, so I wasn’t sure but… you’re him. You...you run Imperial Marketing, that huge building over on 6th Avenue, don’t you? The one right across from the Bank of America Tower.” Hux nodded and would have opened his mouth to confirm the statement, but he wasn’t given the chance. “Oh man, this can’t be real. I used to walk that way when my dad took me to work with him. I remember what it was like before; those two buildings change the whole scape of the street. You’re that Hux.” Hux flushed uncomfortably, again scanning the shop for any sign of Ben. It wasn’t the first time he’d been recognized outside of the office, and it usually resulted in the type of treatment he wasn’t quick to turn down, but watching someone react as if he was some sort of celebrity was something he would never grow accustomed to. “Yes, I’m that Hux,” he confirmed, ignoring the heat in his cheeks. He was that Hux, and that Hux wasn’t the type of man to go blushing just because he’d been recognized in an art supply store. “Do you know of any others?” The man might have said his father, but if he knew enough to recognize him, Hux would have bet good money that he knew better than to try it too. “But for now, what I am is a patron of this supply store in need of someone to-” Hux was saved from further attempts at silencing the shop worker’s gushing when Ben materialized at the end of an aisle across the shop. He stumbled out from between shelves stocked with paints - acrylic, Hux guessed - looking just as dazed as Hux had described. His head turned from one side to the other, eyes trying to take in everything at once as his hair bounced around his face, and when he finally focused on Hux, he knew he had spoken the truth There was no meeting one of Ben’s smiles with anything but one of your own. Hux was transfixed as his whole face changed with it - eyes crinkled, mouth spread wide open to expose the bottom row of his teeth, every one of Ben’s angles gone soft and vulnerable. Ben was looking at him like he’d given him the world, and Hux thought, with a smile like that, there were no guarantees he wouldn’t do just that before this whole thing was over. “Ben!” he said, dropping his previous line of conversation and stepping forward to greet him. “I thought I’d lost you. Look, I’ve found someone to help us with our order. I expect we’re going to be leaving with at least one of everything in this shop - far too much to fit into the town car. We’ll just let Jason here make note of everything you’d like, and I’m sure it will be his pleasure to arrange for us to have it all delivered, won’t it, Jason?” “Sorry!” Ben apologized, but the smile didn’t drop from his face. If anything, it grew bigger, and before he realized it, Hux’ cheek were aching with the force of his own answering smile. “T-there’s just so much to choose from! I don’t even know where to begin, I just... There’s like sixteen different types of the acrylic paint alone. Sixteen. That’s… that’s like… I’ve never… I’m sorry, but this might take a while, I don’t really know where to start. But seriously, you’ve got to see-” “I haven’t seen anything yet, Ben,” Hux chuckled, taking hold of his elbow again and gently guiding him to stand in front of Jason, who was ready with his pad of paper and pencil. Ben was fairly vibrating with excitement, and Hux laughed again, deep in his chest. “I’ve spent the time since we entered the shop looking for you and speaking with Jason. Besides, I wouldn’t even know what I was looking at; I thought it best to wait for you to show me the lay of the land, rather than wandering blindly.” Ben looked slightly abashed at that, so Hux jostled his elbow lightly, before he could start truly feeling bad for wandering off. “It looks like you’ve already done some exploring of your own. Do you think you can take the two of us through the store and point out everything you want?” “A-are you sure?” Ben stuttered. “I mean-... That’s kinda a lot, and I-... I probably don’t uhm, don’t really need all of it. But, uhm, I can… I can show my favourite bits so far, and-” “Nonsense.” Hux squeezed Ben’s elbow tighter, then focused on Jason. “Now, as we make our way through the shop, Ben is going to call out everything he thinks he might want. You’re going to follow behind him, writing it all down and, at the end of this venture, you’re going to present me with an invoice - which I will pay, in full and with a generous gratuity attached, before we set foot outside that door. If the items Ben requests are, in your opinion, the finest in the store, that’s what you’ll place aside for us. If you believe you have others in stock that will better suit his needs, you’ll place those aside - in addition to the items Ben has requested , so that he’ll have his choice of both when he begins his work. Does that sound like a service you can provide to us, Jason?” Jason agreed - he would have been a fool not to - and with that, the three of them started back at the first aisle of the shop, Ben leading the way. Hux remained attached to his elbow, nodding in agreement whenever he pointed out something he liked, allowing Ben to act as his guide. While Hux certainly appreciated art, he’d had no idea how much went into creating it. Ben hadn’t exaggerated - there were at least sixteen different types of acrylic paint and that didn’t even touch the oil paints or watercolors or any of the variations of paint Hux hadn’t known the names of before this. Ben, however, was familiar with all of it, confident in a way Hux had never seen him before this, that infectious smile never leaving his face, and Hux found himself tucking Ben in closer to his side without meaning to as Ben called out different sizes of canvases and drop cloths to place underneath of them. They’d need to protect Hux’ carpeting, Ben had explained - and, Hux mused, as Ben finished with a request for coloring pencils that could be used like watercolors too, what did it say that this was the first time such an idea had occurred to him at all? --- Ben couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt more in his element than he had during the time in the shop. All of his hours of studying, imagining, wishing, researching had finally paid off, and to his own huge surprise he’d been able to have a conversation with the shop guy - Jason was it? - as an equal. Ben didn’t get a lot of those moments, so this was huge. They had discussed the pros and cons of certain brands of things, talked about techniques, styles, little tips and tricks, and Ben hadn’t found himself stuttering or saying something embarrassing or stupid even once. He did feel a little bit embarrassed by how they had more or less ignored Hux completely, and Ben had kept as close an eye on him as he dared, but he didn’t seem to mind. Instead, his hand had gone from loosely gripping his elbow to resting on the small of his back, his thumb gently moving in that soothing little gesture that Ben was pretty sure he’d give his right arm to always feel, and he was smiling as if Ben’s and Jason’s conversation fascinated him to no end. It probably didn’t, but even that little encouragement helped a lot. Their discussion about Ben’s plan for painting the wall had been incredibly educational and rewarding, and Jason had roped in a co-worker to make sure Ben was equipped with the best possible paint and tools for that endeavour, and then he had even gone so far as to try and persuade Ben to let him have his contact info in case they needed someone to come in and work part-time - which had Ben blushing every possible shade of red, and Hux stepping in to save him by stating that Ben’s financial security was already taken care of, but that they appreciated the offer. In the end, Hux had to quite literally herd him out of there, because he just couldn’t stop looking at things. It wasn’t until a few very serious looking guys had delivered all of the stuff a couple of hours later that Ben actually realized the magnitude of the gift he’d been given. Hux had directed the men to his giant dining room table - which Hux had once informed him actually fitted 16 people, or 20 if a few of them weren’t afraid of sitting close together - and the stuff took up the entire surface, plus most of the chairs around it. There were literal piles of stuff, large cardboard boxes in the dozens - housing everything from his spray paint to his new cases of colouring pencils - five different types of easels waiting to be assembled, package after package of sketchpads, more bags than he could count filled with all of the other things. He struggled to comprehend what he was seeing. These things belonged to Ben, and only Ben. No one would come to take them away from him. They were all his . Sure, the clothes and things had been a huge, incredible gift too - and Ben was beyond grateful for it - but clothes were at least something logical, something necessary. Ben needed clothes, and so it made sense that Hux would get that for him. But this… This was just a hobby , if it even qualified as that - just something that Ben liked to do. It had no other purpose, it wasn’t really useful, didn’t contribute anything to the household. It was just… It was just to make Ben happy, and it was too much, and everything he had ever dreamed of, and way too nice for someone like him, and… How could he ever properly express how happy this had made him? Before he could even register what he was doing, he had thrown himself into Hux’ arms, pulling him into a tight hug, repetitions of the words ‘thank you’ falling from his lips like some sort of tidal wave. Somewhere in his mind, he noticed how Hux didn’t push him away, but instead pulled him closer - held him tight - and Ben had never felt more at home anywhere than he did in that moment. He never wanted to let go, but even more so, he never wanted Hux to let go. The way he held Ben was like making it to homeport after a lifetime stuck on a stormy sea, it was like that last proverbial puzzle piece finally slipping into place, it was like seeing colour after never having known anything but shades of grey. Hux’ arms were strong, steady around him, and he couldn’t help but realize how well he just fit right there, pressed close to Hux’ body where he could feel their hearts beating as if they weren’t two separate bodies. Hux’ arms felt like salvation, and Ben felt… saved . As they pulled back slightly, trying to find their balance in order to avoid falling over, there was that moment - that moment that Ben up until now only thought existed in cheesy romcoms, but here it was. Here were their eyes locking onto each other, the rest of the world ceasing to exist, fading into nothing but a forgotten blur of things that just didn’t matter next to this…. whatever this was. In the end, it was impossible to tell which of them moved first, but suddenly there was contact, lips against lips, and if Ben had felt saved a moment before, he felt as if he’d been allowed to see, touch, feel, taste sacred in its purest form - or, he would have, had he still had the ability to think, but his mind was blank, his internal demons quiet for the first time in… what felt dangerously close to forever. He should have known it could never be real. --- Hux’ heart slammed into his ribcage, his breath stuttering as he felt the brush of Ben’s lower lip against his. Until now, he hadn’t allowed himself to imagine what it might be like to kiss Ben. Had strictly forbid himself from imagining how it would feel to hold him, to do anything more than offer a comforting hand on his shoulder or steady him with a touch to his spine, just above that place where it dipped invitingly - the point below which Hux’ hand could never be permitted to stray. The touches they’d shared before this had been innocent, friendly - even if Hux’ palm had burned at each point of contact. Hux had kept them that way, even when he itched for more - even when he hated himself for itching for more, for not just being happy with what he was given goddammit - because they had to be. There were things that were good ideas, and there were things that were bad ideas, and then there was kissing Ben Solo in the middle of his living room, right there in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows that offered the best view of New York money could buy. Phasma had told him; she’d told him. She knew him better than he knew himself - had known, even before Hux did, that for him, enough was never enough. That he was never happy until he had it all, and sometimes not even then. That he never knew contentment when it stared him in the face, always reached for just a bit more. First the goal post set here, and then there, and there, beyond where it was reasonable or sane to venture. Hux’ life had never dictated that he settle for the reasonable. He wouldn’t settle for the dining room table whose lineage could be traced back to the American Revolution; he had to have the one that had belonged to Benjamin Franklin himself because, Brit that he was, the man was still an icon for him. Had refused to settle for the apartment on the floor below this one, even when at first he had been told the penthouse wasn’t available, just as he refused to settle for having Ben in his life. In the penthouse that was never supposed to be his. For another man, that might have been enough. But not for Ethan Hux, who had to push for more. Never wanted anything more than what he couldn’t have, not if he cared for Ben at all. Hux’ life hadn’t been without its share of kissing. He’d had boyfriends, once. Had known what it was to come together under streetlights, to walk a boy up the stairs to his family’s brownstown in Queens and kiss him on the doorstep, to lets hands rove under clothing in the chill of evening, goosebumps raised on exposed skin while fingertips skimmed ribcages hidden beneath leather jackets. But all of that had been before Imperial, before he’d made the choice to dedicate his life to his firm. The name was apt; it was his empire in truth as well as name, and the trade-off, he’d told himself, pouring glasses of Pinot Noir vintage 2003 alone in an office that had become both a prison and a home, had been worth it. He was the wealthiest man in the city - one of the wealthiest in the country - and if his financial advisors did their jobs, he’d be close to the top of Forbes’ list of billionaires within the next five years. If that meant the last kiss he’d shared was one he could barely remember - shared drunkenly in the corner of a lavish bathroom at a cocktail party he’d been trying to escape - he was hardly going to spend time weeping over it. The edges of the memory were fuzzy, a photo taken out of focus; he couldn’t even be sure of the man’s name, could only really picture the color of his shirt when he tried to capture an impression of him in his mind, a dark blue that matched the tiles of the bathroom floor. Six months ago, and it was hardly anything to miss. But kissing Ben? Kissing Ben, everything was thrown into sharp relief. It was as if the past month of his life had all taken place in the instant leading up to this, all of it lived in the expanse of a single breath, and he didn’t know how he had let himself pull Ben in like this when he’d sworn - he’d sworn - not to, but he had. Ben was solid in his arms, less frail than the person Hux had taken into his apartment. He felt substantial, like something Hux could hold onto, and Hux knew that, ten years from now, twenty, a thousand, he’d remember exactly how this felt, down to the last detail. Down to the way Ben hadn’t turned his head quite enough, his nose coming up against Hux’ cheekbone so it must have been difficult to breathe. Down to the slide of the fine fabric of his oxblood button-up when Hux’ hand wrapped around Ben’s wrist and held it fast, of its own accord. To the metallic coolness of the cufflinks Hux had shown him how to put on the evening they’d returned from Freesman Sporting Club, when Ben was still too injured to do it for himself. Deep inside the kiss, Ben made a little noise of pleasure, a jolt of desire so strong that it made Hux go weak in the knees tingling everywhere from his bellybutton to the tips of his fingers, and in that instant, scenes from an impossible future spilled out across the canvas of Hux’ mind. Him coming home to Ben like this everyday, being greeted not with a wave from the sofa, but with Ben’s generous mouth on his. Him, taking Ben to bed and touching him in all the places that had been forbidden. Kissing not just his lips, but in the hollows he’d seen below his hipbones. Precious, hidden spaces only he would see. Hux never placed bets whose odds he couldn’t calculate, and when Ben shifted against him, trapping his wrist between his chest and Hux’ so both of their hearts beat against it, Hux knew beyond doubting: kissing Ben was the most dangerous game he had ever played. “Ben,” he mumbled, into the kiss. Then, when Ben didn’t immediately react, his lips still moving underneath Hux’, more harshly, “Ben.” He pushed Ben away as quickly as he had pulled him in, putting space between them where before there hadn’t been room to breathe, the air in the penthouse chilled in a way that couldn’t be burned off by the last of the afternoon sun through the windows now that Ben was no longer pressed against his chest. “I- I’m sorry. How could I? I shouldn’t have- I should never-” And that was the crux of the thing, wasn’t it? He should never have invited Ben into his bed under the pretense of keeping him safe when he’d known all along what he wanted. Should never have played house when he had no idea what that meant. Should never have given himself permission to become accustomed to Ben’s quiet presence. Should never have learned to anticipate evenings spent lying in bed, watching crime documentaries and snatching looks at Ben, sleepy and pliant and never, ever his. Before he could do any more damage than had already been done, Hux raised his hands in front of his chest, more to keep himself from touching than anything else. If his skin brushed up against Ben’s again, there was no saying where this would end. How much worse this would get. What fresh, new ways he would find to take advantage of the boy who had come to rely on him, and worse, to trust him, when Hux had never been the type of person anyone needed to trust. Let alone someone like Ben. “Ben- I just need… I need to…” What he needed was to be somewhere where he wouldn’t be forced to look into Ben’s dark eyes - to see the hurt there, and the confusion. He took a few clumsy steps backwards, eyes locked traitorously on Ben even as he tripped over his own feet in his haste. “I… just need a minute. Just let me-” Ben didn’t say anything, just watched, soundless, as Hux fumbled for words, and he knew, if he took even one step toward Ben, he’d never turn back again. If he didn’t leave now, he’d never leave at all, the place they would go one they could never come back from. “Please,” he begged, his voice sounding foreign to his own years. “Please forgive me. Ben, I-” But there were no words he could say to make this better, to stop Ben from looking at him the way he did, like he’d been expecting Hux to disappoint him all along, and feeling more cowardly than he ever had in his life, he stumbled blindly backward until he reached the master bedroom, where he and Ben had awoken that morning, before Hux had allowed everything to go to hell. They hadn’t made the bed, and the sheets were still rumpled from their sleeping. Hux ached at the sight; funny how eight hours could change things. When the door was latched behind him, he pressed his back against the dark grain of the wood - breathed in and out, listening. There were no noises from the other side of it, no sign that Ben was in distress, and with a hand thrown over his eyes, he slid down until he reached the floor, then let his head fall back to bounce off of it with a dull thump. Certainly, he told himself, Ben would understand why they couldn’t - why he couldn’t… And yet, in the three hours that passed as he sat there, unmoving, the vice that had wrapped tight around Hux’ heart the moment he shoved Ben away refused to loosen. He’d never hated himself so much. Notes: So... they kissed. Please don't hate us. We go where the plot demands of us. If you feel the need to yell, you can find us on tumblr: Cat as thegoodlannister and Loke as ficlet-machine. But please don't yell too much - we're small. Chapter 11 Notes: Trigger warnings: graphic description of self-harm, graphic description of bipolar depression, graphic description of wound care, description of suicidal ideation, description of disordered eating, hallucinations, dissociation, mention of panic attacks, mention of psychiatric care. Please take heed of these trigger warnings. If you are sensitive to any of these subjects, we suggest skipping this chapter. We are, of course, available on tumblr to provide an overview of this chapter if you are unable to read it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben looked at himself in the mirror. His eyes seemed perpetually puffy, red-rimmed, blood-shot - evidence of what a stupid, disgusting, pathetic mess he was. For three days now, he’d been reduced to this; not even the drugs - not even the goddamned Zyprexa - could apparently keep him from crumbling into a heap of tears and snot and ugly, loud, pitiful sobs every other fucking hour. He was so fucking stupid . Of course Hux didn’t want him. Why would he? What the hell did Ben have to offer to a man like that? Nothing - that was what he had. Unless you counted a never-ending parade of madness and issues and a complete and utter fucking inability to act like a fucking person even for one goddamned minute. He hated the way he looked, which was exactly why he continued. Today’s theme seemed to run along the lines of forcing himself to list every single thing that was wrong, bad, stupid, pathetic, unattractive, repulsive, or any other of a long list of derogatory terms he could think of about himself - and Ben could think of a whole lot of those. The easiest way was usually to put himself in front of a mirror, making himself face what everyone else saw when they looked at him: a freak, a failure, a waste of space who should have done everyone a favour and gone straight from the ER to the nearest subway and jump in front of a train. Everything had looked like it was going alright for once, so of course Ben had to go and fuck it all up. Of course. The worst part of it all was that he wasn’t even surprised - he’d been waiting for this to happen all along, hadn’t he? He’d known that in the end this was all a pipe dream, and he’d end up alone and unwanted. Again . It irked him that he couldn’t remember which one of them moved first, but he had a very strong feeling that it had been him. Hux wouldn’t do something that stupid; that was a level of complete fucking idiocy that only Ben Solo could manage, and now he just had to face the consequences. He kissed Hux - who was probably not even a little queer, whose signals Ben had obviously just misinterpreted, whose list of things he wanted in a partner was probably everything that Ben wasn’t - and by doing so he’d most likely sent himself and his stupid, ugly, pathetic, useless ass right back out on the street. ‘Paint the wall’, Hux had said - but that was before. Paint the wall … Yeah, maybe he should at least do that. It wasn’t as if he could ever pay him back in any other way. Right now he wished he did - that he could just pull out a wad of cash form a pocket, put it on the table and leave. But then again, if he had been able to do that, he wouldn’t have gotten himself into this fucking mess to begin with. He had nothing, was nothing, deserved nothing - he’d always known that, but the knowledge had never, ever , hurt this much before. A few strands of his hair fell in his face as he leaned closer to the mirror, and he ran his hand through them to tuck them back in, his grip hardening until he was pulling - hard - eyes tearing up from a wholly different kind of pain. It was so easy in the end, wasn’t it? To just slip back into all his old behaviours, to just give up, give in, not even bother to fight it anymore, because what would be the point of that? It wasn’t as if anyone would care. It wasn’t like he had anything or anyone to try and fight for anymore. Yes, it was easy. At least he knew that these things worked. They gave him those little moments, that temporary peace that he needed. It was just so he could make it through that whole painting affair without anyone noticing too much. Just so he could pay what he owed. Just so he could get out of here with a shred of dignity intact, so he could go and die somewhere where no one would bother to try and stop him. A part of him was terrified of what he was thinking and feeling - he could feel it somewhere in the back of his mind - fighting against all of this with everything it had, but Ben just couldn’t muster the energy to battle himself right now. Enough was enough, and this blow had simply hit too hard. He took a new, better grip, not allowing himself to look away from his image as he felt how tufts of it came loose from his scalp. It wasn’t until Millie jumped up on the counter next to the sink, mrrowing in that very loud, demanding, and completely impossible to ignore way that meant she wanted food, that he came back to himself a little. Dark tufts of hair were scattered all over the pristine white surface of the sink, his hands full, and he hurried to clean it all away - making sure it wasn’t too obvious that some hair was missing from his head - and went to give Millie her breakfast. Having forgotten that before he went into the bathroom to wallow in his own misery didn’t exactly help his current state of mind, and he added that to the list of things that were wrong about him. Breakfast for himself was obviously out of the question. He didn’t have the right, didn’t deserve it. It wasn’t as if anyone would notice anyway; he hadn’t even seen Hux since… that happened. --- A week. It had been a whole week now, since Ben went and ruined the single best thing that had ever happened to him, and he couldn’t believe Hux hadn’t just thrown him out yet. But then he reminded himself that no, he still needed to manage to create something on that giant wall first. Had to pay what he owed, had to give back - even if it was just.. some stupid paint and one of Ben’s mediocre designs. It wouldn’t surprise him if Hux had people in to paint it over the second Ben was out the door. It was probably just him trying to… yeah, what? Be nice? Lessen the sting? Give Ben some time to find other options? The only option he had was the shelters again - and knowing how many women and kids there were out on the streets, how the fuck could he go there and take up space that someone else deserved more? No, Ben had his bag packed already, the warmest clothes he had were carefully folded and stuffed into an old duffel bag of some description that he’d found in Hux’ guest closet - hopefully the man would forgive him for taking it. He had half a plan to have it sent back as soon as he’d found another, but then again, he didn’t plan on sticking around long enough to need a new one. The first few days had been one big maelstrom of anger and self-hatred, and panic, and tears, and more panic, and even more hatred, and though he still felt all of it - the anxiety crawling like maggots under his skin, along his spine, pain weighing down his heart, constricting his lungs, his head never ever shutting the fuck up - it was becoming so hard to even tell which was which, and he struggled to even make it out of bed. It was just… well, someone more poetic would’ve probably called it ‘agony,' or ‘utter despair,’ but Ben wasn’t poetic and he knew his depressions when he saw them. Last time he’d felt like this was right before that last stay at the psych ward - the whole whopping three months of it. He couldn’t stop himself from wondering if anyone would even find him in time to keep him alive if he went the same way again this time around. Some parts of his mind really wanted to try, other parts were desperately trying to come up with even the tiniest reason to last a little longer. There were these two parts that on the one hand just wanted to stay in bed, sleep forever, never get up again, and on the other so desperately wanting to hold on to some scrap of a hope that if he did that painting well enough - if he could do something beautiful enough - then maybe he could make Hux want to keep him around. It was so exhausting. He wanted to talk to Hux, wanted to plead with him for forgiveness, ask him if they could just forget he ever did that, tell him he’d do anything to have his warm hand on the small of his back again, see him smile, hear him say his name that way again… He wanted Hux . All of him. He wanted more than he had any right to even think about thinking about, but he would settle for anything; as long as he could exist somewhere in the same little universe - know that Hux could stand looking in his direction - that would be enough. Because Ben knew the reason everything hurt as much as it did now - he was many things but not unintelligent - he knew full well how he came to crash this hard this time. Because Ben knew that the second he’d laid eyes on Hux - back when he was a bleeding mess on the floor of Imperial’s admin department - he’d been his. He’d fallen so completely it had taken him up until that moment, that kiss, for him to fully realize exactly how, and how deeply, he really felt. Life was, Ben thought, a fucking bitch . But he couldn’t talk to Hux, no matter how much he wanted to - because Hux had done what everyone did; Hux had pushed him away, rejected him, refused him. And Ben knew that when you’re pushed away like that, you wait. If you know what’s good for you, you wait until the other person decides they can stand the sight of you. You wait until they deem you worthy of being in their presence. Han and Leia had taught him well. He could go weeks without even being noticed if he had to. Possibly months. The routine was something he knew by heart after so many years of avoiding becoming the target of their anger. He’d begun avoiding the Zyprexa, sleeping lightly and waking early, just to make sure he could hear Hux leave before he even thought about leaving the guest room. Then he fed Millie, and spent a few hours sitting on the floor - to make sure he didn’t accidentally get dirt or anything on it, or sit where he wasn’t allowed - and planned the painting. When lunch rolled around, he hid in the guest room, just in case Hux came home for some reason. He never did, but Ben knew one could never be too careful. After the coast could be deemed clear, he ventured out again, and spent another few hours planning, before he fed Millie her evening meal, and went back into the guest room. This space wasn’t his to occupy, and he refused to make this situation even worse by being in the way, by being where he wasn’t wanted. Completely foregoing the dishwasher, he made sure to not only wash everything he used immediately, but to put them back exactly where he took them the second he’d dried them off. One could never be too careful, and if it was something Ben was good at, it was being invisible. When you were invisible, no one yelled at you, no one hit you, no one could be disappointed in you. Most importantly, no one ever noticed you were falling apart. No one needed to know. No one needed to know how many hours a day Ben spent sitting on the bathroom floor, twirling the expensive safety-razor Hux had given him - knowing exactly how to make it decidedly un safe - and wondering if this time was the time he’d do it; pick it apart and give himself some temporary relief. No one needed to know he finally cracked yesterday. No one needed to know how many hours he spent looking out the windows, wondering how many thoughts he’d manage to think before he hit the ground; how he had to keep himself from looking for a way to test his theory. No one needed to know that he was rapidly, intentionally, losing all the weight he’d managed to put on - that the hunger came with its own sense of comfort. No one needed to know that he knew exactly how many Intermezzo he’d need to ‘accidentally’ take too many - that he counted them to make sure they’d be there if he needed them. No one needed to know that there was nothing and no one in this world more dangerous to Ben Solo than Ben Solo himself. Most importantly, Hux didn’t need to know. Because Ben didn’t want him to feel bad. He mustn’t be allowed to think it was his fault, that he should feel guilt, or remorse. It wasn’t his fault Ben was the way he was. If he was completely honest with himself, he’d been looking for excuses since the day Leia threw him out. He knew how this worked, he’d done it so many times before, he knew the statistics. Ben was like his granddad; crazy, useless, abnormal, a burden, and a failure - he was wired this way, and if he self destructed it was no one’s fault. It was something to be expected. It’s what crazy people did, after all. Wasn’t it? They self-destructed. They found excuses, and they went with them - because they were selfish like that. Because Ben was selfish like that. He didn’t want Hux to waste a single tear on his behalf, because he had never been worth it. It would be a favour, Hux would understand that eventually. One day, he’d learn all about who Ben had been, and he’d breathe a sigh of relief at having dodged that bullet. Of course he would - Han and Leia had said they would, and they were his parents . Hux had even less of a reason to feel sad. --- The art project - ‘The Damned Wall,' as Ben had named it in his head - turned out to be a little bigger than he initially thought. Hux’ TV was mounted on that wall, and there was some sort of low shelf in front of it - attached to the wall with several screws, for safety reasons, he guessed. He’d have to move the couch back, somehow get the TV down from there without breaking it, dropping it, accidentally squashing Millie with it, or managing to damage something else as he moved it. Then the shelf had to come away. That was a full day’s work all on its own, with Ben’s rapidly diminishing energy and strength. Then he had to clean the wall, base-coat it, draw the sketch full scale, and then he could get to the painting bit. The cleaning lady, whose name he still didn’t know, had come to his aid and had lent him a few screwdrivers and other tools she kept among her equipment ‘just in case.' Ben decided not to question why she felt she might need them, and he was relieved to find that she didn’t ask any questions about his project or generally ragged appearance either. They had an understanding, it seemed. Still, it was a fucking nightmare to get everything away, especially the part where he tried to work out where to put things so they wouldn’t be in the way or annoy Hux. He’d moved the couch, the carpet, the coffee table, and everything around it several feet back - making sure it still looked exactly the same, just to be sure. In the end, he put the TV down on the dining room table and moved the little shelf out into the hallway. It was the best could do, and he hoped he wouldn’t be in trouble for taking liberties. The cleaning and preparing of the surface was fairly easy, if not very exciting, but it still took one whole day before he could bring himself to actually start applying the colours. He’d re-arranged the drop cloth and the paint and brushes at least forty times, a sudden need to have everything perfectly organized gripping him. Once he had all the little buckets of paint lined up so straight it was bordering on the ridiculous, he forced himself to just get started. It’s not like it was the fucking Last Supper or anything - it was just the fucking New York skyline, with Imperial Marketing’s building smack in the middle. And besides, he was doing it in a messy, modern style, all vibrant colours and bold black outlines - if he fucked something up, chances were no one would notice anyway. Or so he hoped. He’d worried himself up the walls about the design for days, until he realized that since it was obvious Hux was more or less married to his company, it was the only fitting thing to put on that wall. It was the only thing that was Hux enough, and the only thing he could think of that would actually fit in with the rest of the decor. But even after he’d drawn it all up, he knew it would take a while for him to complete it. It really was a huge wall, and the paint wasn’t the most quick drying type - so he’d have to be extremely methodical about the whole thing, but he guessed there were benefits to that, too. They were just hard to see at the moment. --- “Are you even listening to me?” Hux started, blinking to clear his vision as his head nearly slipped from where he rested it in his hand. The grey walls of his conference room came back into focus in increments and, along with them, two of the last people on earth he wanted to see. Jessika and her personal assistant sat across from him, Mitaka on his left side - the four of them the only people at the oversized table. The day before, when they’d spoken on the phone, Jessika had made it seem that she had an entire team planning to join her, and Hux had chosen the conference room accordingly; this afternoon, she’d arrived with only her assistant, who looked even younger than Jessika herself, in tow. Hux hadn’t gotten much sleep last night, his head throbbing in time with the tap of Mitaka’s pen on the table, and unable to take it for even a moment longer, he plucked the pen from Mitaka’s fingers and slammed it down in front of him with enough force that Mitaka flinched. “I’m sorry, was there something you needed to write down?” he asked, scathing, and Mitaka shook his head emphatically, his mouth clamped shut. Perhaps it had been an overreaction, but Hux couldn’t help his gruff mood. He hadn’t slept well since Ben had taken up sleeping in the guest room again - and just whose fault was that, where was the boy supposed to sleep when Hux had locked him out of the bedroom they’d shared for the past month? - and with each passing day, word spread through the the firm’s hallways that their CEO was on the warpath. He might have resented the rumors of his ill temper more if they weren’t so true, but as it was, they at least kept people out of his way. Hux turned back to Jessika. “Yes, I’m listening. I can assure you that I’ve heard everything you’ve had to say for the past - oh, three hours now.” He hardly bothered to conceal the yawn that escaped his mouth with the back of his hand. Truly, he couldn’t muster the energy to appear engaged. His eyes felt gritty when he opened them, like they’d been washed with sand; they’d been reddened already that morning, when he splashed water on his face before heading to the office, and he was sure they were worse now, well and truly bloodshot, as if he’d been on an all-day bender, despite the fact that he’d managed to fall asleep on the sofa in his office sometime after lunch. The sleep had been a fitful one, and he’d thrashed about so much that he’d woken himself by nearly throwing himself on the floor at one point. He’d debated calling Ben then, since he was awake, and he knew that Ben should have been just waking up from his own nap to eat lunch for himself. A few days ago, he wouldn’t have thought have twice about it, would have passed the next ten minutes listening to Ben mumble his way through half-sentences as he returned to wakefulness, and that alone would have given him the fortitude to make it through this three ring circus of a meeting. But now, things between them were strained. Worse than strained - nonexistent, they hadn’t shared a single word - and the thought had been enough to tighten Hux’ throat dangerously, leaving him so unsettled that returning to sleep was an impossibility. Instead, he’d risen and walked to the window of his office, his jacket rumpled, staring at the cars below despondently until Mitaka had buzzed up, letting him know Jessika and her assistant had checked in downstairs. It had been an absolute waste of an hour that should have been spent preparing for her visit, but Hux hadn’t been able to think of anything other than whether Ben had remembered to eat lunch at all. Which was ridiculous, because Ben was an adult and had made it this far. He didn’t need Hux to remind him when to eat, and he certainly didn’t need his desire poorly disguised as concern. Calling Ben might have been what Hux needed, but it wasn’t what Ben needed, he told himself, even as his fingers wrapped around his phone and held onto it, a solid weight in his hand. All he would have to do was press the button, or say the word, and he could have heard Ben’s voice. But he’d promised himself he wouldn’t - and he hadn’t. He hadn’t seen Ben before work that morning. The door to the guest room he’d occupied the first night Hux had brought him home - and just what in the hell had Hux been thinking, doing that, bringing Ben into his apartment like he belonged there, like it would end any other way than this? - had been firmly closed, just as it had been the night before when Hux had finally left the office well past 10pm. The late hours had been necessary, he’d justified to himself when the guilt gnawed at his stomach; he couldn’t go into this meeting with Jessika blind, not like he had last time. Not if he wanted to get anything accomplished. If he’d spent his last hours behind his desk staring blankly at his computer screen, refreshing his email and trying not to remember how much better the sticky rice he’d ordered tasted when he shared it with Ben - well, nobody needed to know that but he and janitor, who’d been greeted with a scowl when he waved at Hux through the frosted glass of his office door. When he allowed himself to think on it, which wasn’t often, he realized he’d hardly seen Ben at all since Hux had gone and… done what he’d done. Taken advantage of him the way he had, and how could Hux blame him? The fact that he had stayed at all was a miracle. The fact that he was still painting Hux’ living area - and he must have been, because a dropcloth had been placed in front of the wall, his television taken down - even moreso. Hux couldn’t touch the tenuous balance that kept Ben there, wouldn’t risk upsetting it. And each time he came through the door to realize the only evidence of Ben’s presence was a collection of painting supplies - organized as scrupulously as if Hux had done so himself - the relief in his chest was outweighed only by the pang of something else indescribable that had him reaching for the brandy before he set down his briefcase. Which didn’t make sense, because he didn’t have anything to say to Ben. Nothing that he hadn’t already said loud and clear when he’d crushed Ben to him and kissed him for all he was worth without any consideration of what Ben might want, anyway. “Why do I feel like you’re mocking me?” Jessika asked, her voice sharp, and Hux breathed in through his nose, praying for patience as he was returned to his current predicament. He had bigger worries than Jessika’s inability to choose a favorite shade of blue from the the swatches she’d presented. Hux couldn’t care less that the only person who had less of an idea of what Jessika wanted than he did was Jessika herself, but for now, there was no escaping the glare she pinned him with, the sound of her nails drumming on the conference table more unforgiving than Mitaka’s pen. “Jessika,” Hux said, scooting his chair away from the table and reaching out to sweep all the papers she’d brought along - sketches, no more than poorly imagined doodles, really, that she claimed were inspiration for the logo she expected Imperial to deliver - into a neat pile. “I haven’t the fainted idea why you’d think that. Since we sat down together, I’ve given each of your ideas nothing but the full consideration they are due.” There, he thought, that wasn’t lying. Whose fault was it that her ideas weren’t worth the paper they’d been drawn on? “This is a process. Your logo is going to be the physical representation of your company. The first image that comes to mind when people hear the name. I agree that we can’t rush this, but I think we’ve… we’ve reached a wall. For today. Only for today. That happens sometimes.” Jessika still didn’t look convinced, glancing at her assistant, but she reluctantly stood up from the table as Hux did. “If you say so,” she agreed, sounding unsure. “I just really wanted to have this done by today -” “I do say so.” There was an air of finality to Hux’ tone, and he closed the papers inside his briefcase with a snap. “You can’t devise an entire marketing campaign in a day. That’s not how this works. The only thing that’s going to come of sitting here any longer is frustration.” As if that box hadn’t been checked long ago. “Let’s take a few days. Allow me to look over what you’ve come up with. I’ll get my design team on it, and when we reconvene, we’ll have something worth looking at. Right now we’re just spinning our wheels, but I’ve no doubt they can really get us moving. In the meantime, you can…” Take a look at alternate marketing firms? His mind supplied unhelpfully, and Hux bit his tongue. The lack of sleep was wearing on him, making him reckless. Stupid. However little he looked forward to working with Jessika, this was an important account. She had money to spend, and Hux would be damned before she spent it somewhere else. All he had to do was gain her trust, secure the account, and he could pass her on to one of his executives - someone who had managed to piss him off in the past year, preferably. If he played his cards right, he’d never have to speak to her again, the only contact they would have the holiday cards Mitaka sent out to Imperial’s clients on Hux’ behalf every December. “In the meantime,” he tried again, his words measured, “you can look through logos of other companies whose marketing strategies and general aesthetics you admire. Gather ideas from there. Collect the things you like - clip them out of magazines if you must. At least that will give us somewhere to start.” He surprised himself by successfully keeping the malice out of his voice, though he couldn’t disguise his exasperation. It was there as soon as he opened his mouth. Wisely, Mitaka didn’t have a word to say to him as he stalked through the hallways after she’d finally, blessedly, taken her assistant and her lack of practical ideas and left him the hell alone , and Hux made it back to his office and through half a cup of coffee - not sweet enough by half and cut with regular 2% milk - before he lost it entirely. The papers he’d taken from the conference room were spread across his desk, mocking him, and he’d stared at them for so long his eyes were starting to cross when he swept his hand across the surface to send them all skittering to the floor. “Shit” he muttered, desperation creeping in as he took stock of the mess, leaning back in his chair and threading his hands through his hair. “They’re all absolute shit.” And they were, some of the most hopeless work he’d ever seen. The most he could hope for, he thought, was that Jessika was more skilled at interior design than she was at graphic art - though that wasn’t a bet he would have put money on. It wasn’t the first time he had worked with a client who didn’t have the first clue what they were doing or what they wanted from him, but Hux had never felt this shaken, and when he shoved himself up from his chair, again headed over to the window to look down on a city he wasn’t truly a part of, he knocked his coffee onto its side so that it spilled across his desk. “Goddammit it,” he swore, a drip of it landing on the leg of slacks. It wasn’t hot enough to burn - hadn’t been even when Mitaka returned from Starbucks with it, without Hux even having to ask. His mood had been so foul that his assistant would likely have erected a coffee shop in the lobby himself if it would have quelled Hux’ frustration. Mitaka must have heard the commotion, because he was knocking at the door to his office even before Hux started to mop up the spill with one of Jessika’s more abysmal sketches, and Hux growled at him when he entered, righting the cup, which had landed on its side. “Mitaka, did I ask for your help?” he snarled, whirling to face his assistant at the first creak of the door. The man looked terrified, his hands clasped in front of his chest, wrung together, and for a moment, Hux almost felt guilty. Almost. But then he thought of the piece of shit sketches on the floor and the sub-par coffee he’d been subjected to and the quiet, quiet penthouse he would return to when he couldn’t justify staying here any longer. He thought of Ben’s hair and his smile and the way he smelled when he got out of Hux’ shower (a smell Hux hadn’t known he had noticed until he missed it) and how he shouldn’t have been able to miss those things when the person who made them all possible was still sleeping just across the hall from him and suddenly, Mitaka’s discomfort failed to register at all. His assistant still hadn’t answered him, was standing there stupidly, his mouth moving but no words coming out. Hux had rarely hated anything as much as he hated his slicked-back hair in that moment; the style had gone out of favor in the 1980s, and it wasn’t doing him any favors. “When your presence is required,” he forced out, through clenched teeth, “I can promise, you’ll know. Until then, I’d appreciate it if you could leave me to my privacy. You’re my assistant, not my nursemaid, and if you’d like to retain that title, I suggest you close that door and return to work on the slew of requests I’ve no doubt are clogging your inbox.” Mitaka’s adam’s apple bobbed when he swallowed. Someone had done him the favor of stringing a strand of garland, green and garrish, above the door to his office, Hux noted; he hoped it wasn’t Mitaka, for his sake. “Go!” he snapped, making a shooing motion with his hand. “Certainly you can find some more valuable use of your time than standing here gawking at me. But on the chance that I’m wrong and you’ve exhausted the list of everyone in the market for my attention today, take the rest of the afternoon. I’ll pay you just not to have to look at you.” It seemed a fair trade, as far as Hux was concerned. He would have paid for solitude on a good day, and this was hardly a good day. “I- I just thought I heard… there was a commotion. I- I wanted to make everything was… that you were alright,” Mitaka stammered, tremulous. It reminded him of Ben, and it was all Hux could do not to hurl the lackluster and now half-empty cup of coffee at the place where his head poked through the door. Nothing was alright; everything felt wrong, like wearing a shoe that didn’t fit. That pinched your toes with every step - merely uncomfortable in the morning, when he woke to an empty apartment, the kitchen expansive and echoing without the sounds of Ben’s puttering to fill it, but damn near unbearable by the end of the day, when he opened the door to the swelling chords of Schubert’s Symphony in B Minor. (Schubert had left the symphony unfinished in his lifetime, and in the past week, Beru had selected it so often he couldn’t help but feel that even his home entertainment system was judging him.) Hux must have drifted off for a moment because when he came back to himself, Mitaka was looking at him just as much in concern as in fear. “Are you alright, sir?” He sighed deeply, his shoulders sagging when he released the breath. “Yes, Mitaka. I’m fine. Just tired. And not in the mood for conversation.” And I might just be the most unfeeling man in the city. Which hadn’t bothered him before, but the title chafed now that he suspected it was true. Hux ran a hand over his face; he’d woken up too late to shave this morning, and his beard felt scratchy and unkempt. “I meant what I said. Please, take the afternoon. In fact, take everyone on this floor with you. I want to be left alone for the duration of the day - no interruptions.” Mitaka hesitated with his hand still on the doorknob, though there could be little doubt of how much he wished he had never opened the thing in the first place. “Do it,” Hux repeated, his words growing clipped again at Mitaka’s hesitation. “Oh, and Mitaka? Whatever you do, don’t breathe a word of this to Phasma. If you value your position, she’ll know proceedings today have been business as usual, am I making myself clear?” He must have, because Mitaka squeaked out an acknowledgement and scurried off so quickly he left the door to Hux’ office ajar. Sighing again, bone deep and weary in a way that no amount of sleep would fix, Hux got up to close it. Once it was shut, he turned the lock until it let out a satisfying click , then leaned his back up against it, as if that alone would keep the rest of the world out. On this floor, the glass between the few offices was so thick that Hux was left in complete silence, the kind that buzzed in his ears; Hux relished it. There was 8.25 million people in New York City, and he had never felt more disconnected from all of them. And yet there was only one that mattered. Only one he’d ever wanted a connection to, from the very first. Hux had spent a lot of time alone - most of his life - but it was only now that he’d met Ben that he understood what it meant to be lonely. He wished he’d never found out. Once, Phasma had accused him of spending his nights sulking in his office. Well, he thought, he would show her; he was just as capable of spending his days the same way. --- Only a few more days now, Ben told himself. Only a few more days, then the painting was done, over, finished - and he’d be back to square one again. It wasn’t really the painting itself that was the problem right now, even though every stroke of the brush sure as fuck came with a new wave of anxiety - like a countdown, and Ben really didn’t look forward to it hitting zero. The problem was that he was back to that same state he’d been in before he came here, if not worse; focusing became increasingly difficult, he kept spacing out, having to pause to battle (and often lose) against strong impulses to do bad shit to himself, kept having about every single severity of panic attacks possible. It was so hard to stay in the present, so hard to keep himself within his skin. It felt like he was becoming blurry, like the edges of him were thinning; like he was somehow dissolving into something… unreal, ghostlike - a walking corpse. It didn’t help that his thoughts tended to turn more morbid by the second the worse he got, and his mind was an inferno of feelings, impulses, thoughts, images that he knew would have landed him in a padded room for a very long time had he been stupid enough to voice them out loud. Speaking of voices, they were back too. Nagging, creeping, slimy whispers in the back of his mind, claiming more space by the day - sometimes he swore he could hear them outside his head too, but he tried really hard to ignore it. Bad stuff happened when he listened to the voices, and things were bad enough as it was. The insides of his thighs were his own little roadmap of weak moments, of mistakes, of reminders of his lack of worth, of how fucked up he was, of how hard he was still fighting. He knew better than to let his sharp nails, or the razor, or the scalding hot water, or anything else anywhere near his arms or any place that would be visible - just in case. While he was a pro at hiding it and explaining everything away, he also knew that if Hux saw it and asked, chances were that everything would just get worse. He’d always hated that whole ‘a cry for help’ bullshit. Maybe it was for other people, but not for him. It wasn’t something he wanted to talk about at all, because no one would understand anyway - they all just applied whatever explanations they preferred, and forced Ben into them. In reality he just… he just needed it, dammit! His granddad had had his drugs - Ben had this. It was just his escape door. Just something that might have been all kinds of morbid and gross and fucked up and dangerous and bad, but that actually fucking helped . It wasn’t exactly as if he’d ever had anyone else around to help him out. His therapists? What a joke . Diagnosis aside, he’d only ever been an exotic puzzle to them, a walking ICD-10 code, a lab rat to test medications on. They didn’t care. Han and Leia? When Han had found out, he’d almost had Ben back in the ER for a completely different reason, and Leia had forbidden him from wearing long sleeves for months, randomly barging into his room ‘to make sure he wasn’t doing that disgusting stuff’ to other parts of himself. No, it was better to keep it secret. It wasn’t as if he’d be able to explain much anyway, because right now Ben’s mind was a speeding train heading for a cliff wall, and it always scared him more than he could express in words to feel all of this, think all of this, and both be aware of it and powerless to stop it. He knew he shouldn’t have gone off the Zyprexa, knew that there were very few things he could do that were more stupid than that, but he couldn’t bring himself to care . He’d need to go and get more of it, anyway, and right now the thought of even looking at another person sent him to his knees, hyperventilating and crying, from the sheer terror of it. Time was difficult too. He kept losing hours here and there, and he wasn’t completely sure he hadn’t actually lost a day or two as well. It should be closing in on two weeks or so now, since he’d gone and effectively ruined his life, but considering how he struggled with remembering what he was doing an hour ago, he couldn’t be entirely sure. The only good thing about losing so much time was that it also meant he forgot about meals. Hux had supplied him with a large amount of yogurts and little portion packed puddings and nutrition bars, but even that had started to run a little low. While he knew he should probably have been all out by now - and had more ordered by a Hux who’d be asking him if he was sure he didn’t also want to try this flavour or that, or if this nutritional drink was something that was actually drinkable - there still weren’t too many left, and that was a problem. It wasn’t as if Ben could just go out and buy more; he didn’t have any money and his card was just a debit card - Han and Leia had used his manias as an excuse to keep him from owning a credit card, despite him never having gone on any sort of spending spree during his few manic episodes - and he owned exactly five dollars in cash. That five-dollar bill had been in his right front pocket when he’d put his fist through those screens, and he doubted anyone would accept a bill with half its surface covered in dried blood. And even if he had had money, he’d still be forced to go outside, and even though Hux had taken him on little walks around the building before, Ben really didn’t know where to go from there. He wasn’t used to being in these super fancy neighbourhoods, born and raised over in Jersey as he was. Sure, he didn’t exactly grow up in poverty - far from it - but even that house seemed very low-class in comparison to the surroundings here. Besides, given his state of mind, he’d probably get lost anyway, or get hit by a car by failing to notice oncoming traffic. And even if he went outside - he couldn’t remember the security codes. Numbers just weren’t something that agreed with him, and he always got them mixed up. He’d be effectively locked out, with no way of getting back in. No, better to ignore all of that bullshit for now. It wasn’t as he felt much hunger anyway. He’d be fine. --- There was blood on his sheet when he woke up, and Ben let out a very long string of profanities. He thought he’d wrapped his thigh up properly the night before, despite being startled by Beru turning on some classical music and thereby announcing Hux’ return to the penthouse. But in his haste to clear away the evidence, it seemed he’d been sloppy, and now there was blood on his fucking sheet, and it had already started drying and this was bad. So very fucking bad . With violently shaking hands, he more or less ripped the bedding off the bed, checking all of it. There were a few stains on the duvet as well. Shit . Turning on the faucet in his bathroom, making sure it was set as hot as it could go, he brought the sheet and duvet in as well, soaking the places he’d bled on, adding some soap and scrubbing frenetically despite the water burning like all hell on the skin of his hands. The stains would never come out completely, but right now he just needed them to be less noticeable. There was a reason he always had dark sheets and covers in his old bed, dammit! White was a fucking stupid colour to put in a bed to begin with, and for someone with as fucked up a head as Ben? Yeah, that was the worst idea anyone could possible have ever come up with. When he’d gotten as much of the stain out as he could, he spread them out on the bed to dry before inspecting the damage to his thigh. He’d really been sloppy, and the bandages had stuck to the wound - which was way deeper than he’d intended, and looked irritated - forcing him to slowly peel it off. It made him nauseous, but he bit back on the sensation, focusing on the same mechanical routine as he had been practicing for years now. Inspect the damage, apply antiseptics, let it air if it’s not still bleeding, then re-wrap tightly. Good thing Hux had bought such ridiculous amounts of wound care products; Ben wouldn’t be in any risk of running out of them any time soon - he’d even packed some of it in the duffel bag. It seemed he had nicked an older scar, which would explain why it had been bleeding so badly. This would need a bandage for at least another day before he could leave it be. Fuck . It was always harder to hide them when he had layers of ace bandages wrapped around some body part, affecting his movements, making him feel even more awkward than usual. Once he was finished, he spent a few extra minutes listening to make sure the silence was of the ‘empty space’ kind, and not the ‘person present but not being very loud’ type. Satisfied that he was alone, he headed for the living room to get started - hoping to get at least a little bit further than yesterday before his brain fucked everything up again. --- Hux pulled his coat up higher around his neck, burying his nose in his scarf and hunching his shoulders as he braced himself against the wind. With mid-December had come true winter weather, bitterly cold and biting - nothing like the New York shown on postcards. The only snow on the ground was left over from a dusting the week before, gone brown and muddied now that it had been tracked over by so many pairs of feet, though overhead, the night sky remained clear and bright. A fine sheen of ice had settled over the sidewalks, making each step treacherous, and Hux chose his footing carefully as he crossed the street to his car, his lungs tight, breath hanging frozen in the air with each exhale. Friday night, and almost no one was out. The city seemed deserted in its aching cold, the shadows thrown by headlights of passing cars every now and again the only things to cross his path. He’d left Imperial so late that night he’d needed the janitor from his floor to escort him to the doors, so he could lock them behind him on his way out. By now, everything in the city that wasn’t a bar or a hospital was closed, their owners at home, tucked away behind frosted windows, but frozen as he was, Hux didn’t relish the thought of returning to his penthouse. If Ben was still awake, the two of them would pick up the awkward dance they’d perfected the few times they’d encountered each other since the kiss, Ben retreating to the guest bedroom as if even looking at Hux was too much to bear, now that he knew what the man wanted from him; if he wasn’t, Hux would have to face an empty apartment. He wasn’t sure which of the two he dreaded more. As he wrenched open the door to his town car, the warmth of the interior a welcome respite, his stomach tightened, rumbling in protest. It was well onto midnight by now, and he couldn’t remember how many hours had passed since the last time he’d ingested something more substantial than coffee. At least since lunch, however long that had been. He’d spent so little time at the penthouse lately, he couldn’t be sure what he had there that could be eaten, and hadn’t yet gone bad - some of Ben’s yogurt cups, maybe? His pudding? Or had Ben eaten all of that? Hux had thought he’d stocked up well enough, but that had been well over a week ago. The guilt that settled over his shoulders was a familiar companion by now. Whether or not he still had the right to approach Ben himself, he’d have to make sure the boy had things to eat in the apartment, but it was too late to think on that tonight. Hux flexed his fingers in his fingerless gloves, still stiff with cold and stuffed deep in his pockets, and wasn’t it funny how he didn’t have a clue what he’d had for lunch, but he could still remember just how it had felt when his hand rested on the small of Ben’s back, when his thumbs had rubbed circles over the pulsepoints on his wrists to calm him? (How it had felt to have that wrist trapped between his chest and Ben’s, fast in Hux’ hold, like there was nowhere else in the world he would ever be.) That… well, that was a hunger he couldn’t quell, one he couldn’t even allow himself to think about, but his stomach was relentless. Dumping coffee into an empty stomach was never a good idea, he knew, and while he might have been able to pull that off in twenties, he wasn’t in his twenties anymore. What he needed was something warm, and hearty, and filling. Something that would fill not just the hole in his stomach, but the empty ache that had taken up residence in his chest the moment Ben had taken up residence in his guest bedroom. There were only a few places he knew of that would still be serving at this hour, the brightly lit signs in their windows and the warm smell of their spices beckoning those drunk or crazy or sad enough to be out at his hour to come inside. As Hux instructed his driver of where to turn before delivering him at his building, he had no illusions about which of those categories he fell into. --- The paper bag was heavy in Hux’ hand, damp with condensation from the heat trapped inside. He’d eaten enough take-out that he knew when it was threatening to break through, and Hux tucked it against his side as he entered his security code and wedged open the door to his apartment. Even from inside its little plastic containers, the smell of curry was fragrant enough that Hux’s mouth watered; he hadn’t eaten Indian in weeks, and he’d ordered his favorite, paneer makhani, with extra spice. Why not, he’d figured - he’d never had trouble stomaching spicy food, and it wasn’t as if he’d be sharing it with someone who did. He may have ordered enough for five people, but he’d be eating this alone. Inside the apartment, it may as well have been deserted, though he knew Ben was there. Where else would he have gone? It was darkened, not a single light left on save for the one above the oversized brass sink in the kitchen, and it appeared Millicent had followed Ben to bed, because there was no sign of her. Not that that was any surprise. He saw nearly as little of her as he saw of Ben. As the door clicked shut behind him, Hux shivered; while it was certainly warmer inside than out, there was a distinct chill in the air, as if Ben hadn’t thought to bump up the heat earlier in the afternoon, when the temperature had dropped. The thought worried him - he hoped Ben hadn’t sat in this chill all afternoon, but if he’d gotten lost in his work on the wall, there was a good chance he hadn’t even taken notice of it. With a sigh, Hux nudged the heat up by a few degrees, then, without troubling himself to remove his coat, made his way to the kitchen. He could drive himself crazy thinking about the things Ben did or didn’t do when he wasn’t here to see it, and what good would that do? He’d given up his right to know what was happening in Ben’s life the moment he’d decided what his dick wanted was more important than allowing Ben to figure out what he wanted for himself. He ate standing over the sink, not even the spice of the tomato sauce enough to cut through his apathy. It tasted good, he thought numbly, swiping his sleeve across his mouth, then immediately chastising himself for doing so - who was he becoming, Phasma? - but it just didn’t matter one way or the other. He might as well have been eating paste for as much as he enjoyed it, even the action of chewing mechanic and tiring. The people at Malai Marke had been happy to see him, had said they’d been afraid he’d lost his taste for Indian food, and Hux had laughed at that. But now, he thought, digging into a container of basmati rice he hadn’t bothered to empty onto a plate with a fork he’d grabbed directly from the dishwasher, that might have been true. He might have lost his taste for everything, if even paneer makhani no longer inspired him. All the better for his heart, he supposed. He wouldn’t let the organ go the way his father had - though if that was the case, shouldn’t it have hurt less than it did? When he was finished, Hux rinsed his fork thoroughly and placed it in the same rack of the dishwasher where he’d found it, then shoved the leftovers back into the bags they’d come from and into the refrigerator, where they would go to rot until the next time Phasma raided his apartment for food. There was a solemn comfort in the routine, the kind it would take more than a month for him to lose, and his hands moved through the motions by rote. He couldn’t say how many meals he’d eaten standing directly over this sink, the blanket of the New York night as his backdrop. This was his life, the one he had chosen, the one he had learned to live with; if he’d wanted something else, 33 years into it wasn’t the time to come to that conclusion. Not when he’d spent so much time constructing it and the walls that came part and parcel, and as he reached for another paper bag, marked on the outside with the Chinese symbol for prosperity (or so the words printed in tiny typeface underneath told him), he didn’t allow himself to mourn what might have been had he chosen differently. The tub of miso soup was still hot enough that he juggled it between his hands before setting it on the counter, and it still left them smarting. Maybe in another life, Ben had waited up for him to get home, and the two of them were settling down in front of the television, too late to be eating, but with the miso soup balanced on the sofa cushion between them anyway. Maybe Hux hadn’t been late at all, and already they were nestled in bed, all cold feet pressing up against each other under the covers. Maybe Hux had never founded his firm, Ben working in that little art shop the two of them had visited, and they shared a one bedroom down in the Village, where they’d never spoken the word Imperial. But in this life, Hux lived in a penthouse that was dark and quiet around him as he took a scrap of paper from his pocket and scribbled across it quickly, before he could think of better of it: Ben, in case you get hungry when I’m not around. -Hux Hux couldn’t have said how long he spent staring at the note and the tub of soup underneath of it, but by the time he deposited that in the refrigerator as well, he could have sworn the sky outside was tinging pink, his feet heavy with fatigue as he stumbled to the bedroom. There was nothing he wanted more than to collapse, and possibly not wake until an hour he hadn’t seen since his Princeton days, but when he passed the guest bedroom where Ben slept, he hesitated. The door had been left ajar - Millicent’s doing, probably, as Ben had seen that it was closed, effectively shutting Hux out, ever since he’d returned to it - and frozen there outside, his hand resting on the doorknob, he hardly dared to breathe. He shouldn’t look, he knew that - didn’t have any right to. Should turn away, or perhaps even close it for him. It was what he would do, if he respected Ben’s privacy. But Ben would never know, and it had been so long since he’d gotten to look at him, and he’d already fucked up so badly that there wasn’t any salvaging the situation anyway, and it was so easy to pretend it was an accident that his foot nudged open the door just that much more, that now the ever-present light from outside the windows spilled onto the floor and over the foot of the bed, where he could just make out the outline of Ben’s feet. Millicent was nestled against them, on top of the blankets, and Hux shushed her frantically when she hissed at him without even bothering to lift her head. Miraculously, Ben - covered from head to toe, only the black of his hair visible, dark even against the darkness in the room - didn’t stir. It was the only good luck Hux had seen in nearly two weeks, and he watched Ben sleep, counting his breaths, the rise and fall of the curve of his back, for so long that, when he finally turned away, it was to the sounds - faint and far below - of a New York Saturday morning coming alive, the sky well and truly pink now, if it hadn’t been before. Then, now - as always - Hux went to bed alone. --- “Ben? Hux? Don’t bullshit me; I know you’re in there! You can’t avoid me forever. Where the hell are y- Oh my God! ” Phasma’s loud voice shocked Ben back into the moment. She sounded alarmed, and he couldn’t really see why. He wasn’t doing anyth- oh. Oh . Shit. So much for the whole ‘don’t hurt yourself where someone can see it’ thing. This was bad. This was so incredibly fucking bad it made tears rise in his eyes. Not only had he - apparently - gone at his left forearm with the fucking exacto knife he was supposed to be using to cut a stencil he needed for the wall, resulting in blood absolutely everywhere on the dropcloth, but Phasma had seen it. He was smack in the middle of the fucking living room, and he’d fucking let himself space out and hurt himself, and fucking got caught doing it, too! He didn’t look up, only dropped the knife - why was he still holding the knife? - like it was burning hot, and reached for the nearest rag to put pressure on it. He really didn’t need to see the expression on Phasma’s face; he could imagine it just fine from all the other times someone had walked in on him in the middle of him doing this. His old roomie at college had been so freaked out he’d rushed to the bathroom and thrown up the first time he saw it. A bit excessive, Ben thought, but not everyone was as used to this as he was. It sure hadn’t stopped the guy from wanting to fuck him six ways from Sunday on a weekly basis - as long as the lights were out, which was fine with Ben. He’d never liked seeing himself naked either, so he didn’t exactly blame people for having that same preference as far as his body was concerned. Phasma was probably looking that particular pale greenish colour he’d gotten used to seeing on people who saw him do this. He guessed her eyes were wide open, brows as far up as they could go, gaze flickering as she tried to figure out whether to run out the door or yell at him. But then he felt someone sitting down next to him, and he found himself pulled into a gentle embrace as Phasma’s hands came down to help him keep the rag tight against his arm. He felt suddenly extremely aware of his own disgusting state; he hadn’t bothered to shower yesterday - or was it the day before? or both? - and he’d been wearing these same sweatpants and paint splattered t-shirt for even longer than that. It just took energy that he really didn’t have, and what was the point anyway? It wasn’t as if he ever hung out with anyone but Millie, and given how she liked to roll around in his laundry pile as if it was her personal little heaven he doubted she minded the smell. Phasma could probably feel every bone in his body as he leaned against her, and he didn’t want to even think of what she’d think if she saw him try to get to his feet. He’d passed out doing that the other day; his blood pressure had always been shit, and now it was worse than usual. Then, as he realized all of this, a jolt of fear ran through him. Phasma was Hux’ best friend. What if she-? “I’m sorry,” he croaked, voice uncooperative after not having been used in… days, probably. “I’m so sorry ! I didn’t mean to- I just… I’m so sorry you had to-! Please don’t tell him! Please ! You weren’t supposed to-... Please don’t tell anyone!” Somewhere in the middle of his panicked string of pleas he began crying, curling in on himself out of habit - bracing himself for the inevitable lecture and guilt trip that usually came with being found out. It was okay; he could take a lot of that as long as Hux didn’t find out. But Phasma just held him closer, letting him rest his head on her shoulder and rocked him gently - as if he was a frightened child, and not a 25 year old nutcase. “Hey now,” she soothed. “What’s there to get yourself so worked up about? I promise, sweetheart, I’m not about to open my mouth to anyone. This stays between you and me, okay? But I want you to let me have a look at your arm. It’s easier to bandage something like that with a little help, and I’m better in a pinch than you’d give me credit for.” She was quiet for a while after Ben had nodded in agreement, then gently ran a hand along the side of his chest, rubbing in soothing circles. There was no way she could miss how skinny he was, and she didn’t. “Ben, honey, when was the last time you had something to eat?” Ben’s mouth opened in response, but he clamped it shut again as another realization struck. “W-what day is it?” he managed. “Wednesday.” Ben paled slightly, then blushed. “...oh.” He swallowed hard, shame tight in his chest. “I didn’t realize… uhm… M-monday, I think…? I had some, uhm, miso.” He felt Phasma sigh and nod against the top of his head, but the scolding didn’t come. “Hmm, miso. A good choice - but probably not enough to sustain you for 48 hours, even if your stomach’s being iffy. It’s a good thing I’m here then; no one’s ever gone hungry when I was around. What do you say we find you something to eat that won’t make you sick? I still feel like shit for managing it once - let’s not try for a second time.” It sounded like she was smiling at the last part, so Ben relaxed a little. She didn’t sound angry or disappointed, and that was a good sign, even though it didn’t make much sense to him. When he’d collected himself a bit, she helped him to his feet so he could clean and wrap his arm. It didn’t look too bad, he assured her. It would heal just fine - he just had to avoid getting paint all over it. Then she shared some pudding with him before they removed the dropcloth and put a new one out instead, but the sudden rush of emotions and activity made Ben’s energy run out pretty fast, and in the end he found himself tucked in under his covers with gentleness he still struggled to believe her capable of, and they watched a full show of Phasma’s favourite stand up comedian - some bald, Irish guy with a weird name, like ‘Dara’ or something like it - until Ben eventually fell asleep. He’d forgotten how safe and comforting it was to have someone in the room when going to sleep, and he was out like a light before he even managed to wish her good night. Notes: Thank you for sticking with us through this one. We know this made for a difficult read. If you are unfamiliar with mental illness, it may seem strange that Ben's condition went downhill so quickly, but please know that it can and does happen this quickly. Ben was, of course, not "better" after Hux took him in - though he did become slightly more stable when in a seemingly stable situation. Having that stability removed had drastic consequences. This is the reality for many people. Chapter 12 Notes: Trigger warnings: slight violence, use (and perhaps overuse) of alcohol. Be aware that Ben is still not in a good place throughout the course of his chapter, though there is certainly nothing of the level described in in chapter 11. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Hux didn’t have to look up to know who had entered his office; even if the profanity hadn’t given her away, it was an unspoken rule at Imperial that, when Hux had his door closed - and it was always closed - you didn’t open it. There was no one else who would have dared try it without buzzing first, and no one else who would have raised their voice at him, scolding the owner of New York City’s most successful marketing firm so loudly that everyone on the floor, as well as those in offices three floors own, must have heard. He’d been hunched over his laptop, digging his palms into his eyes, and Hux raised his head, vision still blurry, just in time to see the his door - ETHAN HUX, CEO printed across the frosted glass - smash into an equally glass wall. “For god’s sake, Phasma, lower your voice,” he complained. “We work in an office, not a-” but he was cut off before he could finish with a resounding smack to his cheek. It echoed in the still of the office, and instinctively, his hand moved to cradle his face. He’d been hit harder in his life - was surprised it hadn’t happened more often, if he was honest, given the things he’d gotten up to and the words he probably should have left unsaid - and he was under no illusions that she was capable of hitting harder, too, if she wanted to. She’d held back; still, it stung, the skin warm and tingling under his palm, the insult of it worse than the injury, shocking him into silence. He worked his jaw for moment, opening and closing it, wounded. “What the hell, Phasma-” “What the hell? What the hell?” Phasma leaned down and planted her hands on his desk, so that her face was level with his, where he was pressed against the back of his chair, unconsciously avoiding her reach, should she decide she wanted to try it again. “You should be glad I don’t condone violence, Hux, or I would have done a lot more than that.” Hux considered telling her that she packed quite a punch for someone who didn’t condone violence, but one look at her eyes, icy blue and blazing, colder even than when she was bullying finance into giving her what she wanted, had Hux reconsidering that. Cowed, he shimmied in his chair, attempting to scoot it back without her noticing. “God knows you deserve worse than a smack to the face. I should kick your ass, you know that? Really kick your ass.” “I’m going to kindly request that you don’t,” he responded. There was a part of him that wouldn’t have minded it, that agreed he deserved nothing more than bloody nose and a knock upside the head, but he’d never been a masochist - and she did have a mean swing. He had no interest in finding out what ‘really kicking his ass’ would have meant. “Oh, well then!” Phasma near-shouted, her voice shrill, throwing her arms up in the air and stalking away from the desk. Hux couldn’t hold back his sigh of relief as she moved away from him, out of range. “The great Ethan Hux doesn’t want me to, so what choice do I have? After all, everyone knows it’s all about what Hux wants, isn’t it? Who cares what anyone else wants or needs? As long as Hux is happy, we should all just be happy as clams, shouldn’t we? There is, after all, no greater joy than seeing Hux get what he wants. He is so often denied!” She moved about the office as she ranted, continuing to gesticulate wildly, Hux flinching with each movement. “Alright, it’s clear at this point that I’ve done something to offend you.” That was an understatement, if ever he’d made one. For all the times he’d managed to piss her off, he’d never seen her so murderous. The only occasion that had even come close was the night he’d allowed her to think he was dying, the night he brought Ben home, and he was relatively certain the only reason he’d survived that encounter was Ben’s presence. He didn’t have that on his side this time. “So perhaps if you’d be so kind as to stop mocking me long enough to tell me what the hell is going on, I could begin to address it. That is, unless you’d rather hit me again, in which case I’d rather you just get it over with.” Phasma stopped her pacing, coming to stand on the other side of Hux’ desk, looking down on him in front of the window. The height discrepancy from this angle made him uneasy, and he would have stood, if he hadn’t known that then she would have known she’d managed to intimidate him, “Jesus Christ, Hux,” she spat. “Do you think I’m stupid? Or did you just think you could avoid me forever?” “Stupid?” Hux said, incredulous. He reached for the macchiato he’d had Mitaka fetch for him first thing upon entering the office that morning, still half-full. “I’ve no idea what you’re on about, but-” Before he could take a sip, she was knocking the cup out of his hand, the motion as quick as the flip of a switch, and then it wasn’t only his cheek that was smarting as what was left of his coffee met with the floor. “Phasma!” he swore, too stunned even to worry about the stain rapidly spreading across his carpet. “That was a seven dollar macchiato. I had to send Mitaka back to Starbucks three times to get it right. What the devil has gotten into you?” “What’s gotten into me, Hux? No, what’s gotten into you?” She breathed out through her nose, her hands balling into fists - Hux imagined to keep from reaching out to destroy something else - but when she continued, her voice was, if not calm, then at least more level, controlled. Somehow, that was scarier. “Tell me, Hux - how’s Ben?” Despite her conversational tone, the world tilted under Hux’ feet at the words, and he pushed himself out of his chair to stand nose to nose with Phasma. “Why?” he demanded, his heart threatening to beat clean out of his chest. “Has something happened to him? Oh god, have you seen him? Is he alright?” He realized he wasn’t giving her space to answer, but he couldn’t stop the questions from coming. “What aren’t you telling me?” “Oh, so you do give a shit. I was beginning to wonder.” Phasma regarded him coolly. “If there’s anyone who knows how he is, shouldn’t it be you? You live with the boy, don’t you? Or haven’t you been home recently? I know how busy your work keeps you; I guess it shouldn’t be any surprise that you don’t have the time to spend on someone like Ben. I mean, it was always a distraction for you, wasn’t it - something to wile away the lonely hours at home?” Hux swallowed hard, the veracity of her words settling as a lump in his throat. He would have opened his mouth to protest, but what would he have said? Phasma had always seen the things he didn’t want to see about himself, the truth that was too ugly to name, and shame burned hot across his cheeks, his jaw clenching. “You know, it’s funny - it was you who was so dedicated to keeping our partners from coming home with us. You were always the first one to remind me not to get to close. Not to get too invested. Just the night, you said. And always on neutral ground - don’t go letting things get messy. But well, you went all in the moment you had someone willing to play house with you, didn’t you, Mr. Big Shot? Dropped all that faster than you could 'houseb oy.’ ” She jabbed a finger into his chest, hard enough to bruise, forcing Hux to take a step back, so that he was met with his chair. Another step, and he would trip over it, his feet tangled up in the wheels; he was trapped. “Talk about talking the talk and not walking the walk. You were all too happy to have Ben in your apartment, on your terms. Wearing your goddamned clothes, Hux. Until you got bored, of course.” She scoffed.\ “And you always get bored. It’s the Ethan Hux way! Play with something as long as it entertains you, then move on to the latest and greatest. What else is a man of the world like yourself to do? Can’t expect something to hold your attention for too long.” Phasma was breathing hard, and when Hux looked at her, really looked at her, she didn’t appear so much angry as shaken. He’d seen Phasma cry only once, and then only a few tears, after a bad breakup, shortly after they’d met and before Phasma had sworn off relationships - but he could have sworn her eyes were wet, the blue brighter than he’d ever seen it. “Goddammit Hux, what were you thinking?” She asked, and when her voice cracked on the last word, the lump in Hux’ throat expanded so that he couldn’t breathe. “Phasma, what on earth are you talking about?” he said, hurriedly, though he held degrees from two Ivy League universities and he’d never been stupid. “What has any of this got to do with Ben? He’s at home - where else would he be?” “I went over to your apartment last night,” she said suddenly, the words twisting tight in Hux’ gut, so that he couldn’t regret that the remainder of his macchiato was soaking into the carpeting rather than in his stomach. “I know when you’re avoiding me, and you’ve been in such a horrible mood - don’t deny it, you sent Mitaka home crying last week, the whole office knows about it. And I just thought… I don’t know what I thought. I guess that I’d bring over some takeout, make sure the two of you were doing alright. That you weren’t fucking up in some horrible way I didn’t know about.” She ran her hand through her hair, brushing her bangs back from her face, though they immediately sprung back into place. “It was almost 10pm, Hux. I thought for sure you’d be home. But you weren’t.” He hadn’t been. He’d been here, and so had Mitaka. Hux had forced the man to stay with him while he’d reorganized the list of clients whose projects they’d turned down in the past, but who Hux thought Imperial might be interested in partnering with in the future, under different circumstances. It hadn’t been a pressing task - it could just as easily have been handled the next day, or the one after that - but it had been one that would keep him away from his penthouse, with all its reminders of Ben and the weeks they’d shared, for another few hours, and Mitaka had never valued his personal life enough to balk at what Hux asked, no matter how inane. “I- I got caught up at the office,” Hux lied, and the worst part was how flimsy it sounded; he wasn’t sure why he bothered when they both know a lie when they saw one. “You know how it is this time of year. There’s no end to the paperwork, and I didn’t want to-” “Didn’t wanted to what? Prove me right?” The accusation wasn’t entirely unfounded; there was little he loathed more than being wrong. “See what was happening right under your nose? Step outside of the fairytale you’d constructed with Ben at the center? He’s not a wind-up doll, Hux. You can’t just dress him up in Thannison’s clothes and expect him to recite the lines you’ve written for him. That’s not fair to him; he’s a person .” The flush on Hux’s cheeks deepened at that. That wasn’t what he’d meant to do, not at all. But looking at Ben - Ben who fell asleep with his hair fanned on the pillow and who somehow woke up with it looking exactly the same, Ben who had worn the clothing Hux had bought for him like he’d been born into high end men’s fashion - the fairytale, if that’s what it was, had been easy to believe. It wasn’t Hux’ fault Ben had fit so seamlessly into his life, and he looked away, preferring his view of the city to the unforgiving accusation in Phasma’s stance. Phasma’s eyes flashed at his hesitation. She’d always been quick as a whip, able to read him better, almost, than anyone. “You do care about him, don’t you?” She said, realization dawning. “The problem isn’t that you don’t care what happens to him; the problem is that you care too much.” “Of course I care, Phasma! The boy’s been living in my apartment for a month and a half; how could I not care?” It was Hux’ turn to pace now, shoving the high-back chair aside to stalk from one side of the office to the other, a tiger caught inside the cage of the New York skyline. “But too much? No. Not enough - not even close. If I cared too much, I wouldn’t have… wouldn’t have… dammit, Phasma, why can you never just leave well enough alone? I kissed him, alright? I kissed Ben, and now everything’s a mess and I can’t even look at him without the boy flinching. And don’t you dare tell me I told you so, because I know you told me so. I’m well aware of what an idiot I am; I don’t need any confirmation from you.” Phasma let out a gasp that sounded like half a laugh. “Oh! Oh-ho. You are an idiot, aren’t you? Oh, I’ll tell you, this is a damn sight, Ethan Hux.” She grabbed hold of his shoulders, halting him in his pacing, and when Hux tried to pull out of her grasp, she held tighter, her fingers digging in as she searched his face relentlessly. “You don’t just care about him. No, you love this boy.” “I- I… no, don’t talk about what you don’t understand.” Hux didn’t relinquish his struggle, pulling against her hold until he wrenched his shoulder free of her hands. Warring frustration and guilt kept him from looking at her as he turned to gaze out over the city. “I don’t. I- I can’t. I don’t even know what that would feel like, but certainly not like… certainly not like this.” Outside, the day was clear and cold, brightly colored scarves and knit hats visible only as specks of orange and pink against the grey-green of concrete and sky from so far up. If there was one thing with which he’d ever had a love affair, outside of Imperial, it was his city. He knew it well, and it knew him. Its streets and its people, the buildings and parks, all familiar. .. Comfortable. Welcome. Nothing like the terrifying wash of feelings that came every time he thought of Ben, stopping him cold. It was Phasma’s voice that broke through his thoughts, sent them scattering. “That’s exactly what it would feel like. And that’s what you don’t like about it. You’re not fooling anyone, except for maybe yourself - and I don’t even believe that.” Phasma was standing shoulder to shoulder with him, taking in the view at his side as she had a thousand times before, as they’d discussed various business ventures, but this time, he could feel the coldness from her even with inches of empty air between the perfectly-cut shapes of their suit jackets. “You’d best get your damn head out of your ass, because what you’re doing right now? This running and hiding and leaving Ben to his own devices? That’s not working, Hux. It’s destroying Ben, and I’ve gotta say, it’s not doing much for you either. You look like shit.” For once, Hux ignored the jab at his appearance. “Destroying him? Phasma, you’re giving my relationship with Ben undue importance.” But even as he said the words, he couldn’t tamp down on the visions of Ben the first time he’d seen him, covered in blood, bruises blooming in a colorful bouquet on his face. It was a moment he returned to often now, when he let his mind wander to dark places. “He’s barely known me a few months; he’s getting on just fine without me hanging over his every move; I’m certain of it.” “Well,” Phasma said, acidly. “You’ve been certain of a lot of things, and look how far that’s gotten you. But hell, if you’re so sure, don’t bother checking on him, then. Don’t worry, I’ve got this. You aren’t the only one who cares about Ben.” She turned away from the window and adjusted the Saint Laurent bag on her shoulder, left askew from when she’d swung at Hux. “You know, I was going to tell you what I found when I went to see the two of you last night, but I promised him I wouldn’t - and right now, keeping that promise to him looks a hell of a lot better than whatever it is you would or wouldn’t do with the information.” Phasma turned her back on him then, the effect of her exit amplified by the strappy, black stiletto heels that wrapped around her ankles, but she paused with her hand on the door. “And unless you smarten up and see what that means...” She let the silence hang for just long enough that it became a threat. “Well, congratulations, Hux, it looks like you got what you wanted. Ben won’t be your problem at all anymore.” “Phasma, wait, I-” Hux would have gone after her, but her presence was already fading to the click of her heels on the washed concrete outside his office door, and he didn’t know what he would have said to her if he had. His cheek still stung where Phasma had struck him as he reached into his wine chiller, rummaging for his favorite Pinot and filling a glass to the top, far past where it was acceptable, but that was nothing compared to the ache inside at the knowledge that, once again, he’d done exactly what was expected of him. She’d never even thought he’d come after her. To you, Ethan, old boy. Drink up. You’ve become everything they knew you would. He finished the wine in a swallow. --- Phasma had left a note on his bedside table, telling him she’d be back that afternoon to hang out some more. ‘Hang out,’ Ben thought, sounded a lot better than ‘check in on.’ It made him feel less like a psycho, and more like a person. Like someone people could want to be around for purposes other than making sure he didn’t kill himself. Obviously, at least part of the reason was still to make sure he didn’t kill himself - he knew that - but he could ignore it. He could pretend what happened yesterday had just been another one of his less... lucid moments. A hallucination, or a dream or something. Knowing he now had something to do today other than to paint, hurt himself, and sleep - Ben felt simultaneously both excited and exhausted by the mere thought. Nonetheless, he got himself into the shower, under careful supervision by Millicent who, as always, refused to leave his side, and actually went in the shower with him - sitting in the corner farthest from the showerhead, looking like a disgruntled orange pear - making Ben smile as he tried to get himself cleaned up without splashing too much water on her. Still, her ears flicked in annoyance as some drops still flew her way. “You’re in a shower, Millie,” he chuckled as she shook it out of her fur. “Showers are wet - shouldn’t you know that by now?” Millicent yawned, then started grooming her face and ears. Ben had never heard of a cat that would go into a shower out of their own free will, but apparently Millicent had decided it was worth it. The real hassle was usually trying to get her paws dry, but Ben didn’t want to risk her wandering off and ruining something by getting it wet, so he still spent longer than either of them wanted after each shower drying them with a small towel. There was little use wearing any other sweatpants than the ones he’d been wearing for the last week or so - they’d only get paint all over them anyway - but he did manage to find a clean t-shirt and new underwear. Socks were too much of a hassle, and he didn’t bother with more than the most basic towel-drying of his hair - leaving it to drip all over his shoulders and back. It’d dry eventually, and he needed the energy to make tea and feed Millie. Today felt like it might be a sort of okay day, but maybe that was just because he was still so tired from yesterday’s emotional rollercoaster that his brain just hadn’t gotten started yet. Either way, he felt like he wanted tea, and quite possibly also some pudding, and he was going to go get it before he changed his mind. Apart from him randomly falling asleep for an hour as he’d stretched out on the floor to rest his back a bit, most of the day was fairly productive, and he felt like he’d made up for both the time he lost yesterday to the stupid shit he’d pulled, and for the time that would go to hanging out with Phasma today. When she arrived, he was just drying the brushes after having cleaned them up, and she took a moment to admire his progress before setting the bags containing whatever food she’d decided to get them onto the coffee table. To his relief, it was sushi, and he felt glad that it was just one box - just like the one Hux had bought back wh- No . He was not going to think about Hux right now, because he wanted that sushi, and if he allowed himself to emotionally connect it to the older man he’d never be able to eat it again - and given how rare it was that he found food he could stand eating, he couldn’t risk it. Phasma had even brought enough soda for at least five more people, and what looked like butter flavoured microwave popcorn - she really was serious about the whole ‘hanging out’ thing. After grabbing a pair of drinking glasses, he sat down next to her, and she gave him a little hug before handing over a pair of chopsticks. Ben was getting pretty good at using those now, and he was proud of that, despite always hearing Han’s voice in his mind ranting on about how ‘normal people’ eat with knife and fork and not oversized toothpicks. Since Ben wasn’t normal, there shouldn’t really be problem, right? “How’re you feeling today, honey?” Phasma asked with a smile, while reaching for a california roll. “I mean, apart from the obvious. You having a good day?” Ben nodded, focused on pouring the soda without spilling it all over himself or the floor. “It’s pretty okay,” he said. “Better than yesterday.” “Good enough for me, I’ll take it.” She looked over at the TV, pursing her lips. “What do you say to a movie after we’ve finished eating? I think Hux has a Netflix subscription he’s never figured out what to do with, and I’ve found one I have a feeling you’ll like. You might not know this, but I have great taste in movies.” "Yeah, okay,” Ben nodded. It had not occurred to Ben before that that Hux might actually have even more options available than the ridiculous amount of channels Ben could spend hours browsing through to find the one he watched yesterday. But it made sense when he thought about it. “Not a horror movie, I hope? I’m, uhm, not great with those. Sorry.” “Nope, definitely not a horror movie. Quite the opposite. Given, it’s a bit.. okay, the premise is set around a funeral, but it’s my favourite comedy ever, and it’s not half as dark as it sounds, I promise.” Phasma looked thoughtful again. “I’ve got an idea. What do you say we watch my pick first, and then we follow it up with something you’d like to see as well? I’ve got nowhere to be and nothing but time.” Phasma was easy to hang out with, now that he knew her better. Though it was obvious she was one tough woman, it was also obvious even to Ben that she genuinely cared for him, and he did feel safe around her - which was odd but welcome. It was like he imagined it would be to have an older sister, or a young aunt or something like that - the kind of care that could still be based on free will rather than being forced due to the involved parties being parents and child. Ben didn’t believe in the whole ‘unconditional parental love’ thing; he had no idea what that would even look like, but with Phasma it was easy. She chose to spend time with him, and she chose to do things to help him - no one forced her, and she had no obligations whatsoever to even talk to him, and yet here she was. Ben didn’t deserve her care, but he was selfish enough to not try and push her away. It felt good to be cared for, and Ben was a bad enough person to want it despite not deserving it. They got the TV set up, and Phasma navigated the menu with the ease of someone who obviously spent a good deal of her free time in front of it, while Ben kept an anxious eye on the popcorn. Butter-flavoured was the only kind of popcorn he liked, and he told her that as he went to prepare it - making Phasma give a beaming smile - but he was also very bad at making popcorn regardless of whether it was in a microwave or on a stove, so he took no chances and kept a very close watch until it was done. As they began watching the movie, they chatted about anything and everything - except the topic of Hux, and Ben felt guilty for feeling relieved at that - and it seemed Phasma had a knack for getting him to open up about stuff he usually didn’t talk much about. They talked about music, and movies, and fashion - she even got him to admit he’d always wanted to have both piercings and a few tattoos, but never dared to because of his parents - and a strong, mutual love of all things chocolate. Phasma promised to take him to all her favourite places, especially somewhere called Serendipity, so he could have the best chocolate there was. During the final half of Ben’s film of choice, Despicable Me , the sore topic that was Hux finally made an appearance. Jokingly at first, as Phasma couldn’t keep herself from remarking that Gru and Hux had some rather interesting similarities when it came to their people skills, and Ben - struck by sudden bravery - asking which one of the kids she’d suggest he was, then. Phasma diplomatically informed him that he was all three, and laughed so hard she almost fell off the couch when Ben reminded her that if Hux was Gru, then she was the old dude on the mobility scooter - a comment that earned him a good ruffling of his hair and a playful elbow in the ribs. But, of course, once Hux was on the table, things naturally became serious again. After a few minutes of silence, Phasma finally looked at him with all sorts of emotions swirling around in her eyes. “Look, honey, I know you don’t want to talk about exactly what happened,” she said. “And I’m going to respect that. I trust that you’ll tell me when you feel up to it. But Ben - you don’t have to stay here. You know that, right? That you don’t owe him a damn thing, even if it feels like it?” “But I do ,” Ben sighed. “He… He saved my life, Phasma. If he hadn’t taken me home with him, I wouldn’t have had anywhere else to go. I- I wouldn’t be alive now if it wasn’t for him.” There. He’d said it. Shame burned hot in his chest and on his cheeks, and as Phasma pulled him close he realized there were tears forming as well. “And it’s not like… uhm, I- I still don’t… still don’t h-have anywhere to go! I don’t have any money or anywhere to stay - I don’t even have a phone to-... to call someone with even if there was somewhere I could go.” He swallowed hard. “And I know-... I know I don’t really have the right to be here anymore, but I- I promised him… I promised I’d paint that wall for him, and I gotta. It’s the only way I have of… you know, of paying him back.” Phasma sighed, holding him closer. “Hux, you incredible asshole ,” she muttered under her breath. “Ben, sweetheart, listen to me - this is important. You do have somewhere to go, alright? If you don’t want to stay here, I’ll help you pack your things before you can say ‘Hux doesn’t deserve you. You come stay with me - just say the word. I may not live in a penthouse so obscenely large we all know it’s got to be compensating for something, but I have a hell of a set-up. A spare bedroom that hasn’t seen company in far too long, and a living room with more than enough space for your painting things. Hell, you can even bring Millicent if you want; God know she can’t stand Hux anyway. It’s yours as long as you need it, no strings attached, and if you want me to help you find some way to start over, a new job - anything - you have my word I’ll do my very best to make sure it works out. And Ben? When I do my very best, it always works out. I’ve got a pretty impressive track record.” “There’s nothing you could do to make me throw you out, or to make me think you’re a burden. Which I know you’re already worried about, so I’m telling you right now: you don’t have to be. Hux may be the world’s biggest idiot, but I’m not - I know you can’t help all of the stuff going on in your head right now. And I’m going to keep repeating it until you believe me: you don’t owe him anything . Not one second of your time, okay? You want me to help you pack, we’ll have you out of here tonight. Don’t even worry about Hux - I know how to take care of him, and he’s not getting anywhere near you until you’re okay with it. If you’re okay with it.” Ben couldn’t collect himself enough to answer right away; the sheer honesty and emotion in Phasma’s tone had sent him headfirst into one of those violent sobbing episodes again, and he simply couldn’t make his voice work. When he finally managed to get his breathing under control, he looked at her, then the wall. “I- I n-need to… finish that wall first,” he stuttered. “It’d be wrong to leave it half-finished. I just need to know it’s finished - that I p-paid him back. C-can I- uhm, can I think about it for a few days?” “Oh, honey, of course you can.” Phasma ran a soothing hand over his back. “This is a standing offer; there’s no expiration date. You think on it as long as you need to.” Ben could only nod, and they sat like that for God knows how long, until Ben timidly asked if she would have time for another movie. He didn’t want to be alone right now - which was a huge admission coming from him - and Phasma assured him she had all night. When it was revealed that Ben had never seen Doctor Who, Phasma looked like she was about to have a heart attack, then sent him to make more popcorn so they could start watching it. It was well after midnight when she left, and though neither one of them said anything about it, they had both noticed that Hux still hadn’t come home. Ben wasn’t sure if he should be relieved or worried, but he was so tired he could barely walk, so all of that had to wait until tomorrow. He’d had a good evening - better than he could remember ever having, and he just wanted to ride the wave of it a little longer. Things would turn back to utter shit soon anyway; they always did. --- Hux pillowed his head on his arms, his vision going slanted as he laid it on the top of the bar. He’d never visited the establishment before, couldn’t have told someone the name if they’d asked, but it was doing the job just splendidly as far as he was concerned. The interior was all dark wood, shoddily adorned with bits of garland around the bar and overtop the booths, a shabby-looking wreath hung on the door, in deference to the season. It was dimly lit, just the way a bar should be, and if the poor lighting was concealing all manner of things Hux didn’t want to think about on the surface where he currently laid his head - well, Hux wasn’t going to complain. Sometimes it was better to live in blissful ignorance. He snorted, blinking lethargically. Sometimes? How about all the time? There was so much he wished he didn’t know about himself, so much he wished he had never put together so that the writing on the wall was so wretchedly clear that even he couldn’t deny it. So much he wished he could pack away, back into the neat little boxes he’d kept it locked in, as if he’d never seen it at all. Self-awareness had never been Hux’ strong suit, but it didn’t need to be. He had a team of people he paid to be aware for him, who knew Hux’ quirks, who read his moods and needs and wants so he didn’t have to. And before this, he’d never considered that perhaps this refusal to look inward was concealing something uncomfortable and unseemly. (Maybe he’d known it, somewhere deep down, of course, but he’d never had reason to look deep down. Not when there were endless consults that required his attention and colors of carpeting to choose and Thannison’s newest picks to scroll through when they were sent to his phone and a fleet of sports cars he never had the time he needed to tinker with but that grew larger by the year all the same.) Hux was a busy man - too busy for self-reflection, until suddenly he wasn’t. And, he thought, raising his head just far enough off the bar to take a sip of the Old Fashioned sat inches from his face, now he understood why. Ben had forced him to looked inward, and he didn’t like he what he saw. His skin itched with it, tight and ill-fitting, so that he wished to take it off and try someone else’s. What would it be like, he wondered, to shed the identity of Ethan Hux and try on another? Would it fit better than this one did? Would it chaff less, digging into him at the seams no matter how he fastidiously he tailored his suits? Would he still be as alone as he was now, were he someone else? Would he still want that? Shaken by the thought, Hux tossed back the dregs of his third Old Fashioned. It was half-water; Johnny’s Bar, the glass read, and huh, now he could tell someone the place’s name, couldn’t he? But whatever the name, it wasn’t the type of establishment to serve its ice at an appropriate temperature so it wouldn’t melt half-way through one’s beverage. Hux grimaced at the taste, not that it had been particularly inspiring in the first place. He’d ordered the finest rye they had on hand, but even that had been worse than what he kept stocked in his own bar. It lacked the smoothness inherent in spirits of distinction, burned going down so that his eyes pricked at the corners with each swallow. But, Hux thought as he ordered another, perhaps that wasn’t such a bad thing. He’d take it. Had the bartender been doing his job, he probably would have cut Hux off before he’d ordered his first round, but the man - rotund, sweat beading on his forehead in the artificial heat, with a skinny tie he clearly had no idea how to knot - looked as disengaged as Hux felt. It was nearly Christmas, and Hux would have wagered the last place he wanted to be was here, serving drinks to patrons in states as lamentable as his. What did he care if Hux had been drunk off his ass by the time he walked through the door, already unsteady on his feet and smelling of the wine he’d raided his own office for? Hux had only ventured outside of Imperial when he’d run out of wine to indulge in there, behind his desk. As soon as Phasma had gone, leaving him alone with his thoughts, Hux had turned to the wine. Had buzzed in to Mitaka to tell him to cancel the rest of the day’s engagements, he had something that would keep him occupied for the duration of the afternoon - and that something was drinking until he stopped hearing the echoes of Phasma’s words. The remainder of the bottle of wine he’d opened the day before had gone down easy, a fine Pinot - his favorite, the one he always kept on hand. Perhaps if he’d eaten something, it would have made him full, but he hadn’t, and he’d opened the second bottle in his chiller without thinking anything of it. He’d drank that more slowly, savoring the slight bitterness on his tongue and the way his head swam pleasantly. How far removed he felt from the man he had become, from being anyone at all. He’d swirled the wine in his glass, had admired how the light played off the robust red color, kicking his feet up on his desk and leaning so far back into his chair that he’d almost toppled it over, and that had been, in his opinion, a productive enough way to spend the next five hours. Jessika and her campaign could go fuck itself, as could Phasma and her opinion of him, as could the way his heart lurched every time he allowed his mind to settle on Ben and the way Phasma had spoken of the boy. When the second bottle was as empty as the first, he’d taken a moment to mourn for the fact that he only kept two bottles in the chiller at a time. Too drunk to work and too terrified to return to the penthouse - because now he knew that’s what he was, scared shitless and getting more scared by the second, his chest growing tighter and tighter with each day spent outside of Ben’s presence, until he was certain this was what had befallen his father and he was going to die of a heart attack - he’d stood frozen by his own uselessness. That is, until he’d taken matters into his own hands and wandered to the elevators, and then out onto the streets of New York, thanking his own reputation the whole way that no one dared to approach him. This had been the first bar he’d seen, the door set into the street and down a flight of stairs, only a few blocks down from Imperial. Hux must have walked by a thousand times before without taking note of it, but then, it wasn’t the kind of place that typically drew his attention “Rough day?” the bartender asked, as he poured Hux’ drink, and Hux wasn’t yet pathetic enough that he really believed the man gave a shit what kind of day he’d had, but he was just pathetic enough to answer anyway. “Rough day? Rough week. Rough…” Hux held his hand up in front of his face, ticking off days in his attempt to count how long it had been since he’d forced Ben out of his bed and, effectively, out of his life. In his current state, the math was too much for him, and he gave up, letting his hand fall back to the bar with a smack. “Rough one week, two weeks, too damn long, that’s what.” The bartender handed over the drink, nodding in feigned sympathy, and Hux wasted no time taking another swallow, tears again springing to his eyes. Irritated, he swiped a sleeve over them and shuddered, just as the door behind him swung open, letting in a gust of frigid air. When he turned to see who had come in, he noted distantly that some time must have passed since he’d first sat here. Outside the door, it was well and truly dark, the evening broken by the siren of a passing police car. Just when had he become the type of person to lose entire hours holed up in a place meant to skew the passage of time, Hux asked himself, but that didn’t stop him from lifting his glass again, the ice clinking inside and the condensation already wet on his fingers. The bartender hadn’t given him a coaster, only a cocktail napkin which had stuck to Hux’ glass; underneath, a ring had already formed that would never be buffed out, and if that wasn’t bad enough, the man who had just entered was demanding music, when the only sound Hux was ready to hear was the rattle of the bar’s ancient heater kicking on in the background. Perhaps Hux could have lived with the demand, even with the way his head was starting to pound, the reflection off gaudily colored baubles making his vision go strange and fractured, but then the bartender was turning the dial on a radio that appeared to be a remnant of the 1980s, the station crackling in and out as it came to life. Hux wouldn’t have recognized any other Mariah Carey song had he been required to in order to save his life, but this one? This one of all songs? This one he knew by heart. He slammed his fist down on top of the bar, rattling his drink hard enough that it sloshed over the rim. “Would you turn this infernal song off?” The ire in his voice shouldn’t have surprised him; this wasn’t the first time his temper had gotten the better of him while in his cups. “Is there not another Christmas song worth playing in this entire God-forsaken city? Have you not heard of White Christmas, perhaps? Jingle Bells? Dashing Through the Goddamned Snow?” Both the bartender and the patron who had requested the music looked at him as if he’d lost his mind - and, Hux thought, maybe he had. He could think of nothing more satisfying that the prospect of leaping the bar and putting his fist straight through the damnable radio - anything to silence Mariah Carey’s mocking voice - but he still had enough of his mind about him that he didn’t wish to become familiar with the inside of the police car that had just passed by before the night was out. “You know what, never mind. Just…” He dug into the pocket of his slacks for his wallet and deposited a crumpled one hundred dollar bill on the counter. “Just keep the change.” The air outside the bar was bracing, the kind that took Hux’ breath away as he stepped out into the night. He’d forgotten his peacoat at the office, he realized, wrapping his arms around himself as he walked - strange that he hadn’t noticed on the walk that took him here, but the cold didn’t have as much of an effect as it would have had he not had so much to drink. (And if that should have worried him… well, it also would have been easier to care had he not had so much to drink.) When he looked at his phone, he hadn’t missed a single message, not even from Phasma, who he’d been certain would continue her chastisement from earlier. Strangely, he almost wished she had; it would have felt less lonely than the blank screen that stared back at him. All I want for Christmas is you. Hux didn’t believe in Christmas gifts, other than the trinkets he and Phasma exchanged. What could anyone give him, after all, that he couldn’t give himself? He already owned more than what most people saw in a lifetime, and anything that wasn’t yet his, he could have delivered within the week. And yet, clenched around his phone, his hands felt empty. The years of his life - all 33 of them - had been dedicated to ensuring he’d never want for anything. Would never ask for anything, and who could say he hadn’t succeeded? Hux no longer gave anyone the chance to deny him, because he had no need for requests. Only demands. Why, then, was he standing outside what might have been the shadiest bar he’d ever frequented, nearly having destroyed a radio over a Christmas song that had seen its peak in the 1990s? Hux hadn’t cried in fifteen years - longer, maybe - despite whatever Phasma might have said about his reaction to Love, Actually. But whether it was the lingering burn of the rye, or the bite of the December wind, he couldn’t stop his eyes from watering as he wandered the streets of Manhattan. He couldn’t go back to the penthouse; likely Ben was asleep by now, but what would Hux do there, other than watch him sleep like he had the week before? Indulge in more fantasies about what it would be like if things were different? If Hux were different? He wasn’t, and all the hopeless pining in the world wouldn’t change that. --- Over on Broadway - and Hux marveled that he had made it that far, it really didn’t seem that he’d been walking for so long - New York was still alive. Though the latest of the shows had let out earlier in the evening, playgoers hoping to catch a glimpse of the actors leaving for their cars collected around the side doors, and Hux stepped around them. He’d never liked this part of New York; it’s didn’t feel like his. Like the New York his father had introduced him to as a boy. Despite the weather and the hour, this part of the city never slept, that was true, but there was nothing that spoke to him here. He could leave Time Square to the tourists, he thought; the New York he occupied was the one made of brick and mortar, of the dreams that had been brought up here and that he had seen realized, for all the good that had done him. It was outside of the Winter Garden Theatre that Hux saw him through the window of a nearby diner - a man who might have been in his mid-fifties, tall, like he was, with hair that could once have been Hux’ color but was now fading to a sandy-sprinkled grey. He wore a suit Thannison would have been proud of, tailored perfectly down to the length of the sleeves on his jacket, a cream cashmere scarf around his neck, his posture impeccable, and he was... sitting alone. The inside of the diner was awash in warmth, so that Hux could nearly smell the food from within, cheery yellow light playing off the tabletops, and transfixed, Hux stood outside for a moment, watching as the man sat a briefcase in front of him and opened it to remove a laptop in the same model as Hux’ own. A few tables over, there was a family - a man and woman with two girls, probably not quite teenagers, their hair done up for the play, pulled back in matching red satin bows. Not much longer and they’d resist the treatment, but for now, they had accepted it. They sat up on their knees, reaching across the table for a slice of chocolate cake that the man - their father, Hux guessed - was dividing for them. When he was finished, the man looked up to catch Hux watching him; he must have looked a wreck, but the man just smiled at him and gave him a little wave all the same. That made the decision for him, and he headed inside. He may not have had his coat, but he had his wallet, and that was enough to buy him a coffee, which Hux ordered in hopes of restoring some degree of sobriety. The coffee was drinkable, after Hux added enough milk (no soy alternative on hand) to make it a murky white, and luke-warm, which was still a good deal warmer than it had been outside. Hux sipped at it gratefully until, after a while, the family left, still chattering happily about the play they’d seen - something called School of Rock, which didn’t sound like any Broadway show Hux had ever heard of. But the man in the suit remained, still mulling over something in front of his laptop. He had a look of supreme distaste on his face, and when he looked at him, Hux could see no one but his father. Of course, his father had never had a laptop to work on when Hux was a boy, but he’d seen that exact look on his father’s face almost every day until he’d went away to Princeton. One that meant he was not to be bothered - and anything Hux did was considered a bother. Perhaps his father had loved him; Hux couldn’t be sure. If he had, he’d never said it, though he’d written the check for Hux’ private school education every year, had attended the annual fundraising galas and written another, bigger check there too. Had even taken Hux with him to his office on occasion, and let him look out the windows of that big, big building, pointing out this corporation and that one and drilling Hux on the CEOs of each. Those were, Hux thought, the fondest memories he had of his father, and even those were tinged with a cold indifference. The only passion Hux could remember his father ever exhibiting was when he spoke of his work, of some new acquisition and the dollars and cents that came with it, his happiness - if it could be called that - measured always with a decimal point. The coffee, once luke-warm, had long gone cold, even the people milling about the theatre outside having dispersed, when the man finally packed up his laptop and stood from the booth. His posture was still imitable, but his back creaked, and Hux saw the flicker as something like weariness crossed his face. He might have had a family, someone waiting for him at home - maybe someone like Ben, artistic and soulful - but Hux doubted it. He knew this man, had grown up with him, had watched as, each year, he’d grown more reclusive and withdrawn. Hux had run from him just as soon as the opportunity presented itself, leaving him more alone than ever, as if that had meant a damn thing to his father at all. Sometimes, Hux wondered if he’d even noticed, if it was with a sigh of relief that he counted yet another year gone by without Hux’ call. “It looks like you got what you wanted,” Phasma had told him, and suddenly, there in the diner, with the smell of chocolate cake and old coffee and the lights of Broadway across the street, he was faced with the realization that the man he was looking at was not his father - or maybe he was, but more than that, he was himself. His penthouse may not have been empty yet, but it would be soon enough, the warmth he’d shared with Ben just another casualty of the need for control his father had taught him before he’d ever used the word ‘proprietary investment’ in front of him. Hux had always been a good student. The thought did what coffee could not - sobered him, the glow of fluorescent lighting harsh and unforgiving in the early morning. Thirty-three years spent trying to throw off the yoke of his father, and what had he become but a shadow of the man? Give him another 33 years, and there was little doubt he’d have succeeded in pushing Phasma away too - may well have done so already, with his act this morning. He could see it now: just him and the brandy and a penthouse with a dozen rooms he would never fill, except with the obstinate stubbornness that he would never allow himself to admit he’d wanted anything else. And for what? Why? Why, when he’d had Ben in his home? Who, for a month, had wanted Hux to come home to him, had looked forward to it, had answered Hux’ calls and knew how he took his tea, and who had wanted to talk to Hux about something that wasn’t goddamn business for once? Who had melted in Hux’ arms when Hux had kissed him. Had kissed him back, eagerly, and who had smiled into it so Hux could feel it against his lips and who had held on and who Hux had shoved away like he’d shoved away anything that had ever mattered. Would the conviction that he had proven himself right sleep next to him like Ben had, he wondered. Would the control he’d refused to give up smile at him from across the sofa, all teeth and an oversized nose that scrunched up at shitty commercials? When his father returned home at the end of the day, did thoughts of the impervious image he’d cultivated so carefully make welcome company? Hux couldn’t have said for his father, who had made his own choices long enough ago that there was no taking them back, but as far as Hux knew, in his penthouse, there was still a beautiful boy he’d left behind, one who just might listen if he poured his heart out. A chance was more than he deserved, but Ben had always had always been too good by half. It was worth a shot. Hell, he thought, leaving another crumpled one hundred dollar bill under his coffee cup as the first hint of sunrise touched the skyline, he might not have been one for taking chances before, but maybe it was time to start. --- Ben had been rather rudely awoken at a way too early fucking hour that morning by Millicent falling off the bed and desperately grabbing on to his leg in an attempt to keep herself on it. After surveying the damage and cleaning up the small cuts from her nails, Ben was too wide awake to bother with going back under the covers, and figured he might as well get an early start on the painting. The sooner he got it done, the sooner he could let Hux go back to his life and stop being in his way. Given, he was still a bit groggy, but that wasn’t really anything out of the ordinary - and after getting dressed and feeding Millie, he went to prepare everything he needed. With his hands shaking like nothing else, just getting the buckets of paint open was half an hour’s job - because he had to stop and breathe for a minute every now and then, and his hands got all sweaty, and the lids slippery. No, it was always good to have some extra time for those things. But, of course, since the universe was always out to get him, he dropped the bucket of green paint, and as it went down, it knocked over the bucket of purple he’d just opened, causing the stick he’d used to stir the paint to go flying and land in the red paint with a giant splash - getting paint all over himself and most of the things on the dropcloth. As if that wasn’t enough, the sudden noise startled Millie, who came streaking right across the dropcloth, getting paint all over herself too as she did. And Ben still had more buckets left to open after that. Fucking great. But he fixed the buckets, relieved that not as much had spilled as he’d thought, then decided to get the rest of them open before trying to catch Millie. For the moment, the fat cat had taken refuge on Hux’ dining room table, glaring death at the painting supplies from her spot on the plastic cover Ben had put there to protect it against any paint related accidents. He was glad for that now. She didn’t look like she had any intentions of trying to lick the paint off, and she’d need a moment before he went to catch her, or there’d be paw prints and paint smears all over Hux’ penthouse, he knew that. It was bad enough when she got wet. Going after her too soon when she was covered in paint? Yeah, that was asking for trouble. He didn’t even bother trying to wipe the paint off his face, or get it out of his hair - there’d be more of it on him before he was finished for the day anyway. Then Beru turned on Paganini’s Konzert Für Violine und Orchester Nr. 10 in D major, and Ben froze - nearly dropping another bucket as he made out the sound of the front door closing. Shit ! It was like, 10 am or something - why was Hux coming home now? Had something happened at Imperial? Was he sick? Was he angry? He never came home before the end of the workday! Not even during lunch, so what the hell was going on? After discreetly pinching himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming or anything, Ben had to face the fact that yes, it was 10 in the morning, and Hux was entering the penthouse - leaving Ben trapped in the living room with nowhere to go. To get back to the guest room, he’d have to go through the hallway, and that meant going past the entrance hall. Was this the day, then? Was it today Hux had decided that he didn’t even want Ben around to finish the wall? Was it today that Ben would have to try and somehow get to a phone so Phasma could come rescue him? Was it today Ben would finally get confirmation of what he’d known all along; that he was nothing but a nuisance, a burden, a mistake? The nervousness settled like a lead weight in his belly, nausea beginning to rear its ugly but oh so familiar head, as he forced himself to focus on what he was doing. Maybe Hux would just go to his bedroom? Or that office he had somewhere in here? Maybe, if Ben played it cool, he’d get a chance to get the hell out of the man’s way without any incidents. Beru wasn’t helpful, though, as the music made it hard to hear Hux’ steps, thus preventing Ben from working out where he might be headed. But he was good at picking up on people’s presence. He’d learned it the hard way, and it didn’t take long until he knew even without looking that Hux was standing somewhere behind him. It was more than a little unnerving that the man didn’t say anything, but Ben knew better than to speak until spoken to. That wasn’t a risk he was willing to take, and so he kept working on getting everything ready, so he could at least show that he wasn’t slacking off. At least he could show him that he took the job seriously, and wasn’t just trying to splatter some paint on the wall and call it done; after what Hux had done for him, it was the least Ben could do. It would never make up for his epic fuck-up, but at least it’d be some little gesture of his gratitude. But it was a strange kind of stand off, if he was to be honest with himself. Was Hux waiting for him to speak first after all? Or was he trying to hold back on some emotions? The air didn’t have that spiky, angry feel to it, but it didn’t feel entirely positive either, and Ben had no fucking clue what to do with it. He swallowed down a wave of nausea, preparing himself for whatever might happen when he opened his mouth, but he never got that far before the silence was finally broken by one word. “Ben.” There were a million different emotions in that voice, in that single word, but all Ben could think of in that moment was how desperately he’d missed hearing how his name sounded rolling off of Hux’ lips. Notes: The movie Phasma shows to Ben is "Death at a Funeral," not "This is Where I Leave You." No, we're not that meta. So it looks like at least our boys are going to talk! If YOU have something to say about it, as always, you can reach the two of us on tumblr - Loke at ficlet-machine and Cat at thegoodlannister! Chapter 13 Notes: Trigger Warning: descriptions of and discussion of self-harm. Knowing that this might be the day he had to pack up and leave, that he might be asked to go right away, that this might be the last time he ever got to see Hux and Millie - knowing it could all just end right here and now - Ben was overcome with a desperate need to at least try to say something. He had to try and salvage what he could of this mess, had to try to make it better - at least enough so that he could finish the wall (and have a few more days in this little bubble far away from the sad reality of his life). So before Hux could say anything else, Ben took a deep breath and went for it. “Listen, Hux,” he said, unable to keep the tiredness out of his voice. “I fucked up, alright? I know that. It was stupid of me, and I know I shouldn’t have. I’m just… I’m a fuck-up, okay? It’s what I do . Alright? I do things, and I don’t think, and I fuck everything up for everyone around me, and I’m sorry.” He couldn’t bear even glancing over his shoulder; didn’t want to see Hux’ reaction. Didn’t want to see the pity, the judgement - didn’t want to see him agree . “I overstepped the boundaries, and I know I’ve way overstayed my welcome. I promise you won’t have to put up with me much longer, okay? I just need a few more days to finish this, and then I’ll be gone - I promise. You won’t have to ever see or hear from me again, okay? Just gimme, like three more days, and then I’ll leave. I’ll fix the room back up and everything, and it’ll be like I wasn’t even here, I promise! Please? I- I know I don’t have any right to ask, but… Just let me finish this?” He finally turned slightly, looking at Hux over his shoulder as he straightened up, brush in hand, and prepared to start working on details of one of the building. Hux looked frozen to the spot, disheveled and ragged in a way Ben never thought possible, and the look on his face was one Ben had absolutely no idea how to interpret. “Please ?” he repeated. “Just a few more days?” When Ben turned his head to look at him, all the words Hux had been planning to say lodged in his throat, caught somewhere behind the cage of his teeth. He’d spent the walk back to the penthouse laying out exactly what he would say to Ben to convince the boy to give him another chance, running over the ways he’d beg for his forgiveness. But this was the first time since the kiss that he’d seen Ben for more than a few moments outside of the night he’d spent watching him sleep, and Ben was… breathtaking. His hair was a perfect wreck, probably slept on wet, paint smeared across the bridge of his nose and then over his cheek, from when he’d tried to wipe it off and only made it worse, drying on the backs of his hands and up to his elbows, his nails caked with it. The oversized tee-shirt he wore slipped off one shoulder, exposing the pock-marks Hux knew covered every part of him he had seen, Ben himself like a painting, undeniably here and and real and lovely. ...and looking as if he hadn’t eaten in a week. Longer even, the bones of his shoulder jutting out in a way they hadn’t since that first night Hux had brought him here, all angles that had been carved ruthlessly away, weight lost that he had never had to spare in the first place. I’m sorry, Hux wanted to say. I’m sorry I let you down this way. Pushed you away like I did. I’m sorry that I’m more my father than I ever believed possible. I’m sorry I couldn’t be what you needed me to be. But I can be. By God, I can. The words didn’t seem like enough - he could spend the rest of his life making this up to Ben, and it would never be enough - but they were, thought, a damn good place to start. The only one he had. His eyes burned and ached, the product of a night spent with no sleep and too much liquor, and he dug into one of them with a knuckle, then took a tentative step toward Ben, dropping his hands and spreading them wide, imploring. He cleared his throat, let his eyes meet Ben’s and hold his gaze even when the exhaustion and resignation he saw there threatened to make his own spill over. When finally he spoke, his voice was rough with disuse and gravely from the cold morning air. “If all you can give me is a few more days...” he said, and he could have dropped to the floor with how desperate he felt. How had it taken him so long to realize that having Ben in his life was all he’d ever wanted? His presence the piece that had always been missing, even when he’d had everything else? That it was Ben who held the key to all the things locked away inside of him, and that now they had been let out, for better or for worse? “If all you can give me is a few more days, then I’ll take them. God knows it’s more than I deserve. I’ll take them, and I’ll make of them enough to sustain me now, and for all the years of my life after. I-I’ll make that work if I have to.” Even that would be more than he ever thought he’d have, during all the lonely years of his childhood, the equally lonely years since, surrounded by a thousand things he’d never needed. “But on the off chance that I haven’t ruined things completely and the possibility still exists that I might keep myself from losing you... Ben, I have a prospect for you: how about the rest of your life?” Behind Ben, the wall of his living room bled with color where before there had been only white - it had been, Hux thought, waiting for Ben’s hands to decorate it, to bring it to life, for all this time, and he’d never known anything was missing at all. He’d liked the white, had chosen the apartment at least in part with its clean minimalism in mind, but only now, with Imperial’s logo blinking back at him, did it feel like his. He ached to be close to Ben, whose tongue had poked out to lick at his lips, and where once he would have held himself back - too concerned with what it would have meant to chase after someone, too afraid to put himself in that vulnerable place where he could ask and be denied - Hux moved a step closer, irrevocably into Ben’s orbit. "Please.” Hux didn’t remember the last time he had used a pleasantry while not ordering at a restaurant. The word usually preceded a request for more wine, or an additional appetizer. He didn’t grovel, didn’t beg. And yet, when he let his fingers curl around Ben’s shoulder - careful, the bones were so close to the surface - his voice broke, and he might as well have hit his knees. “Why?” Ben couldn’t stop himself from asking the question. If he’d been confused before, it was perfect clarity compared to this. The hell did he mean, ‘the rest of your life?' It made exactly zero sense, and it wasn’t as if he sounded very happy at the thought either. He’d better not be asking out of guilt. Ben didn’t need more of that, because surely, even Ben had to be worth more than that? Even Ben had to be allowed to want to be where he was welcome and wanted, not where he’d be taken in because someone needed to ease their conscience? “I don’t understand… Why would you even want that? I’ve got nothing to offer you at all, sans my fucked up head and my fuckton of issues. Why would you want me to stay after what I did? Huh? If you’re doing this just because you’re feeling guilty, then please don’t. I’m the one who fucked up. You don’t have to feel like you owe me shit. Okay? I just… please, just tell me why you could possibly want me to stick around. Because I don’t get it.” “Ben, I-” Hux opened his mouth to protest, then realized there was little he could say in his defense. What had he expected Ben to think, behaving the way he had? If he’d wanted Ben around, he certainly hadn’t acted like it, hadn’t done anything to indicate that the only thing that hurt more than being separated from him was being near him, but unable to touch. “Ben, I have been the most incredible idiot. ” He spun Ben around to face him, and miraculously, Ben allowed it, their faces only inches apart, so that all Hux could see was the liquid quality to his eyes, the way he tightened his jaw to keep from worrying his lip. Hux’ mouth was dry with longing - if he kissed him now, without saying the words that needed saying, they’d be right back to where they started - and he swallowed hard before trying again. “Phasma came to see me, you know? She had a lot to say - a-about you. About me. About what I did to you. And I just… I should never have kissed you, Ben - I know that,” he said, still angry with himself for what he’d done. “But I don’t think I would take it back, even now. It’s just all the shit that came after it, I never meant to-” Ben was trembling faintly under his touch - fight or flight, Hux knew. This was his chance; if he didn’t express himself here, if he couldn’t make Ben understand the things he felt for him, this would be it, and emboldened, he put his other hand, the one not on Ben’s shoulder, against the boy’s cheek. Ben’s eyes fluttered closed at the movement, dark lashes stark on the delicate skin under his eyes, but only for a moment; he forced them open again just as quickly, wary even as Hux’ thumb stroked a slow arc over his cheekbone. Ben had come to him bruised and split open, and Hux had seen that put to rights, only to break him open again, worse this time, because Ben, he knew, had trusted him. A foolish decision then - and Hux vowed to himself that should Ben ever do so again, he’d never live to make him regret it. “Phasma was right, I’m not good at this,” he said, finally, all trace of finesse gone. His charm laid to waste by the depth of his feeling, the words now clawing their way up from his throat. “At - at talking like this. At apologizing. At… at needing things. And I tried to tell myself it was for your own good, did you know that? Kissing you was the best damn thing I’ve ever done - of all the red-eye flights and all the contracts signed and sealed and all the checks I’ve written - and I just going over it in my mind. Keep thinking… that was it. The only thing I’ve done that was ever worth anything. And I just should have told you that, and then you could have made your own decision. Chosen if you wanted me or not - and I don’t blame you if you don’t, not even a little bit. Hell, I don’t even want me right now, but I’m stuck with me. You have options. You- you have-” He let the fingers that had been hanging onto Ben’s shoulder slide down to his waist now that Ben no longer seemed as if he was going to bolt, each of the knobs of Ben’s spine like the markers of a map written on his body, guiding Hux home, until his hand fit securely into the dip at the small of his back. “I don’t like that you can choose not to want me.” The admission cost him, and Hux felt his throat close up around it. “I don’t like how that makes me feel, the things it makes me do. Because Ben? I don’t think I’ve ever wanted something quite so much; I feel like I’m burning alive with it, and I should have said, I know I should have said, but I couldn’t. Didn’t. I could have, I’m sure, if I’d really wanted to. If I’d really tried. But instead I just- What I did to you, it was… it was the worst thing I’ve ever done, I think, and I’ve done a lot of them. I’m just such a goddamn coward, and I swear to god, Ben, if you give me half a chance to make it up to you, I’ll spend the rest of my life making sure it was the smartest decision you ever made. This, all of this?” And here he gestured not to the apartment, but to himself, haggard and ragged as he was - with his beard overgrown and his hair dried funny from melting snow and the smell of last night’s liquor clinging to clothes he hadn’t changed in two days. He knew was a sight, knew how much he didn’t have to offer Ben; even with the bankbook and the cars and the best view of the city money could buy, he’d always known deep down he was never quite enough, but as he offered Ben a crooked half smile, he prayed this time, he might be. “All of this is yours, for what little it’s worth. A-and I can’t promise never to hurt you, and I can’t promise I’ll even be much better at all of this than I am right now, but god, I’ll try with everything I have. And I know I’m asking you to go out on a limb here, Ben - and you don’t have to decide right now.” He licked his lips, chapped from the cold last night. “And if you want to go somewhere else - if you want someone else, then I understand. But before you do that, I just need you to know… I need you to know that I’m sorry. Sorry that I hurt you, sorry that I ever made you feel like anything less than what you are. You’re- you’re…” Hux trailed off, shaking his head and looking at the floor, the half-smile remaining. He couldn’t shake it, not when his hands were finally where they belonged, on Ben once again - not even as hot tears gathered in the corners of his eyes. “You’re strange and magnificent and absolutely the most incredible human being I have ever met.” His voice was watery and thick, and he choked on it, raising his head to look at Ben as a tear slipped down the bridge of his nose. He should have been ashamed that he was crying, he thought, but looking at Ben, standing there in his penthouse in front of the wall he’d brought to life, knowing this might be the last time they’d ever be this close, he couldn’t bring himself to give a damn. It wasn’t just the wall Ben had changed, nor the penthouse - it was everything. “I think meeting you may have been the single most important moment in my life,” he said, the words raw. “And if I’ve ruined it all by being an ass, then that’s probably what I deserve. But I’m not willing to accept that if there’s anything I can do to change it. I might not deserve you, not yet or maybe not ever, but dammit, Ben - I want you, if you’ll have me.” A sob caught in Hux’ throat, and he hitched Ben in closer, trying to memorize the feel of Ben’s cool skin under his thumb, the exact constellation of the moles that dotted his face, in case he never saw them again. “I love you. I wasn’t even sure what that meant until last night, after Phasma, and the diner, and the coffee - but there it is. I love you. And if what you want is to just finish this wall and leave, I’ll live the rest of my life and leave you out of it, no questions asked , but I want you to know I won’t enjoy a minute of it. Because you? You’re it for me, darling. The end of the line. And- and I love you.” It was the first time he’d said it aloud, the first time he’d even thought it, but as he rested his forehead against Ben’s, daring to hope that he wouldn’t pull away, Hux already knew that once could never be enough. “Y-you… what?” Ben’s voice sounded terribly small, even to his own ears. Did Hux just say… How could he even…? Did he really just… say that ? No, it couldn’t be. This was Hux - he couldn’t possibly- No one could possibly feel… that for Ben. Yet, he couldn’t stop himself from hoping he’d actually heard what he thought he heard and that it - for just this once in his life - was for real. “Y-you really… mean that?” “I do, darling. Every word, and more than that, and I know I’ve no right to ask, but if you’d only let me prove it to you...” “I just...” Ben swallowed as he felt the tears welling up in his eyes. His heart felt so tight in his chest, and at the same time it felt like it might just burst right out of his body from all of the things he was feeling. He felt light, giddy, and his skin burned under the gentle pressure of Hux’ hands. That sense of home, of belonging, of safe wrapped itself around him again, and Ben couldn’t stop the tears as they ran down his face. The relief at being near Hux again, at being wanted, the astonishment at being told he was wanted, loved… it was too much and not enough, and he felt dizzy from it. He couldn’t make himself look Hux in the eyes. If only he knew how... how this was the first time anyone had ever said that to him, how no one had ever even said it and lied before, how no one had ever wanted him like that. It was so hard to hear it. So terrifying, and still he craved it. He needed to hear it - lie or truth, he just needed to hear it. “It’s just-” he began, then hesitated. “I- I don’t know how to-... No one’s ever told me that before.” Hux removed his hand from Ben’s face to wrap it around his neck, drawing him in closer, so Hux could bury his nose in his hair. This close, he smelled like the paint smeared across his cheek, like the soap from Hux’s shower, like cardboard and paper and maybe a little like Millicent, and for the first time, Hux allowed himself to experience it without reservation, his fingers caught in the fine hairs at the back of Ben’s neck. “Well, I’ve never said it before,” he whispered, the scruff of his beard rubbing up against Ben’s cheek as he spoke. Even a few days without proper grooming left it unruly, and he hoped the catch of it wasn’t uncomfortable on Ben’s skin. He hadn’t seemed to mind it last time they’d kissed, had he? Hux couldn’t remember. “I’m sorry, love - I didn’t have much of a chance to shave this morning.” He let out a watery-sounding laugh, his throat catching on the absurdity of the words. Just a few hours ago, he’d been wandering around Manhattan with no place to go, no idea of what he should do with himself, and now, here he was, Ben as close to him as he’d ever been, his hair tickling Hux’s nose. How stupid he had been to wait, when he could have had this from the start. If the past weeks had been hell, he had no one to blame but himself. He nuzzled into Ben’s hair again, sighing, relief making his spine sag, though he let Ben rest most of his weight against him. Ben was still trembling, and he suspected it wouldn’t be long before he was taking all of it - which he would, and gladly. How Ben had gone this long with no one telling him what a treasure he was, with no one to count the ways his smile made everything make sense, and then not, with no one to look at each one of his features and point out the innumerable things that made him so heart-stoppingly beautiful that the tides of Hux’ moon had changed for him, Hux couldn’t understand. But with each twist of his fingers in that dark hair, there was a hitch to Ben’s breathing. He might not have been able change what had been done - nor anything that should have been but never was - but he could begin now to make up for the months he’d wasted, as well as for all of the 25 years that came before. “You mean to tell me that no one’s ever looked into your eyes and decided then and there that they wanted to stay? That it’s never been like one of those storybooks, where someone sees you from across the room and, immediately, defying all reason, they are drawn to you? Like a string across fate, that’s how it goes, right? How it’s never went? Are you telling me that no one has ever kissed from your mouth down the line of your jaw and only stopped there because he was a gentleman and you deserve nothing less than a gentleman?” He breathed the words into Ben’s hair, the fingers of the hand at Ben’s waist rubbing over the knob at the base of his spine, slow and practiced movements, meant to keep. “Because I must tell you, Ben: the first two of those things I’ve already done, on the floor of my administrative department early this fall, and the last I intend to do today, here and now, if you’ll let me.” Ben shivered harder under the weight of the words, at the intent behind them, nodding his head frantically as goosebumps rose on the back of his neck, and Hux shushed him before continuing. “If truly this has never happened to you before - if truly no one has ever told you all the things you should have heard - then I pity all those who have had the chance and missed it. But it’s only to my benefit, and I’m selfish enough to consider it a personal privilege, because that means I get to be the one to tell you, and for the first time - Ben, I love you, am in love with you. I don’t think there’s been a moment since I saw you that I haven’t been. Truly, madly, deeply - the whole lot of it. I love you, and now that I’ve said it once, I don’t intend to stop saying it. I love you.” It was true - everything in Hux’ life, everything he had known to be true, had been turned upside down the day he’d found Ben amongst the wreckage of his administrative department, and it was with another watery laugh, pulling Ben still tighter against him, that he realized: that day, he’d told Edwards he wouldn’t fall in love unless the right man wandered through the doors of Imperial Marketing and was dropped directly into his path. He just hadn’t considered that it would happen quite so quickly. “I...” Ben began, but any attempts he might have wanted to make at telling Hux exactly how he felt, what he felt, how deeply he felt it, paled next to one overpowering need. “I need… Show me. Please.” “Anything you need, darling,” Hux whispered gently against his hair. “For now and for as long as you’ll have me, I am… I am at your disposal. Tell me what you need me to do, and I’ll do it. Anything, without question - if it’s in my power, it’s yours.” “Say it again. T-tell me that you- that you love me. Please .” The desperation hung heavy and tight around his words, making his voice cracked and shrill, even through his whisper - he didn’t dare speak louder, couldn’t risk anything breaking the spell of this moment. But oh, how he needed this . Needed those words hammered into his spine and burnt into his heart, because Ben didn’t know how to believe in them - but he thought that maybe, if he heard them enough times, he’d learn to hear the truth of them, to stop looking for the lie. He felt more than heard Hux’ shaky breath, felt how he tightened his hold on Ben, how his beard got caught in Ben’s unruly locks as he finally spoke. “I love you.” Hux’ voice trembled with emotion, and Ben could scarcely believe he could be the one to reduce this beautiful, regal man to this skin-clad storm of emotion. But he still needed more. “Again?” A plea this time, as he finally dared search out Hux’ gaze, putting all he had into conveying everything he felt and needed and wanted and didn’t know how to ask for into that look. “I love you.” “ Again .” Not so much plea now, as a demand. Something was finally clicking into place in his heart and he needed this with a ferocity he’d never experienced or thought possible. Hux’ mouth was so close to his now - he could feel their breath mingle, his lips tingling with the proximity, the wish to close that distance once and for all. Hux leaned ever so slightly closer, lips ghosting over his, green eyes grounding him, keeping him steady, here, in the moment, safe . “I love you.” “Again.” Barely even audible, but Hux heard it, and pulled Ben as close as he could possibly get, his hands anchoring, possessive and protective, gentle and firm all at once, and there it was again; salvation. Home . “I love you,” Hux whispered, and then Ben’s mind blanked out as Hux finally closed the last, tiny, but so important distance. This wasn’t their first kiss, Hux reflected, as he crushed Ben to him - one hand tangled in his dark hair, the other splayed across the small of his back - but it was the one that counted. The last time, there had been panic, fear - the familiar instinct to flee. An instinct that was still there, niggling at the back of his brain, reminding him that if kissing Ben had been dangerous before, now it was downright insanity. There was no guarantee that he’d get to keep Ben - even if Ben wanted him now, there was telling whether he would want him still in five years, in ten, and then there was the possibility of losing him in some other way, the way his father had lost his mother, and maybe the man had been different before that, Hux couldn’t remember. Already Ben was the best part of him. But all of that was easily quieted as he ran his teeth gently over Ben’s bottom lip, eliciting a little gasp of pleasure and surprise, and Hux smiled into the kiss, laughter bubbling up in his chest. Ben’s mouth was so full, so wide and generous - like it had just been waiting for Hux to kiss it all along - that Hux couldn’t help himself from untangling his hand from Ben’s hair and stroking his thumb over the lip he had just bitten so lightly, savoring the feel of the temporary indentations of his teeth. For all of the work he’d dedicated to his career, his firm, his position - for as hard as he’d fought for everything he had, all of it earned and, because it had been earned, deserved - Hux had often thought he’d been born under a lucky star. Things had a way of working out for him, from his acceptance to his first choice schools to his acquisition of Phasma as his COO, but never had he felt so lucky as when he felt Ben’s mouth turn up into a smile against his own. Overcome, Hux nuzzled their noses together, the bump in the bridge of Ben’s, where he had once thought it must have been broken - and he wanted to hear that story, wanted to learn everything about him, his past and his present and the things he’d wanted and wished for in his future, with a veracity he’d never before experienced - a welcome blip in the terrain of Ben’s face. He loved that bump, and that nose, and the way it scrunched up when Ben laughed, like he was sure it was doing now, though he was too close to see it. He loved Ben, he thought, the words still new enough that they sent a thrill of exhilaration and fear through him that all but stopped his heart. In an instant, he was back at the top of the roller coaster he’d ridden once while in college, brought there by a friend who had been more than a friend - though his father had never known who he was, or that Hux had spent that spring break anywhere other than at the campus library, doing research for his thesis. Again, he sat helpless at the highest point of the track, looking down at the drop to come, and all he could do was close his eyes and hang on, hoping that, when it came, it was the good kind of terrifying. Thank god, then, that Ben was here too, he thought, that he didn’t have to face the drop alone; they would face it together, and he deepened the kiss, licking into Ben’s smile, letting his tongue trace the ridges of his teeth, Ben’s knees going weak at the treatment. He faltered and sagged into Hux’s arms, his knees bumping up against Hux’ until Hux chuckled against Ben’s lips and adjusted his hold so it was more secure, so that whatever drop might come, Hux could be the one to support him through it. “This isn’t the first time my kiss has made a person’s knees go weak,” he teased, joy making him bold, his fingers skirting up under the tee-shirt Ben wore and tickling at ribs that were prominent enough that Hux could have kicked himself for what he’d allowed to happen. Never again, he swore; love might not make him perfect, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t, and when Ben breathed out a sigh, his skin twitching and jumping at the brush of Hux’ fingers, it was no decision at all to sweep his arms underneath of him and take him off his feet. In practiced fashion, Hux positioned one hand beneath his knees, the other across the width of his shoulders, cradling Ben to him, so that his head rested on his chest, just over his heart. “But don’t worry. I’ve got you.” And he did, Ben held in his arms like something precious, the weight of him so slight that Hux hardly had to strain at all to lift him. Hux spoke the words into his hair as he carried Ben, arms thrown around his neck, across the expanse of the living area, the mural Ben had painted on his wall full and bright behind them in the light of mid-morning. Ben was giggling now, and he hid his face against Hux’ chest, though it did little to disguise his blush. It spread across his cheekbones like daybreak, under the paint streaked there, his protests difficult to take with any seriousness when they were punctuated with breathy little laughs stifled into Hux’ shirt. “ Hux- ! W-what are you-...?,” he gasped, even as his fingers held fast to the collar of Hux’ jacket. “D-don’t you have to be at work? A-are you sure you- I mean… What about I-Imperial?” Hux’s sofa was his favorite piece of all the furniture he owned, its ivory color as pristine as the day he’d purchased it, and as Hux stood over it, Ben in his arms, a weight he’d gladly hold forever and then another day after that, paint in the ends of his hair and along the fine bones of his elbow and all over that pretty face, he had a flash of the stains that would never come out, not with all the drycleaning in the world. But it was only a flash, and then he was dropping him there, eliciting another giggle from Ben, through the tears drying at the corners of his eyes. Immediately, his hair fanned out over the white of the cushions, framing his face, the length of his legs laid out for Hux to admire. His face was flushed, his bottom lip swollen and pink, pride swelling heavy in Hux’ chest that he was the one to have caused that, and he studied Ben for a moment, took his time letting his eyes travel from the hollow above his collarbone to where his shirt had ridden up when Hux had tickled his ribs. Hux sucked in an appreciative breath at the sight, a low whistle escaping from between his teeth. He’d thought Ben’s appearance strange when first they’d met, and then he’d thought him lovely, and now he knew he was both, the only person Hux would ever look at like this, each of his angles carved especially to suit tastes Hux hadn’t known he had. Made to drive him crazy with want, as Ben smiled up at him, shyly, like he still wasn’t sure how he looked to Hux, how much Hux desired him - and that made Hux’ mind up for him, any shred of restraint he might have had abandoned back in that diner on Broadway. “Fuck Imperial,” he said, as rash as he’d ever been, taking his phone from his pocket and tossing it to land somewhere on the other side of the coffee table, before shucking his jacket entirely and abandoning it to the floor. “Fuck work.” He threw a leg overtop of Ben’s waist to straddle him, a knee planted on either side of his hips, hastily rolling his sleeves up around his elbows as he did so. The sofa was barely wide enough to accommodate the two of them, and Hux wavered for a moment before he steadied himself on Ben’s shoulders, leaning down to brush their noses together once more. “I’m not moving from this sofa until I’ve left no doubt as to just how much I want you.” Hux hoped that would take two days at least, and when he lowered himself to claim Ben’s mouth again, delving into him with less caution than he had the first time, his entire world was awash with color. Ben didn’t know what to do with himself; this was too much, not enough, all he ever wanted, the scariest thing he’d ever done, the most perfect, the most safe he’d ever felt, the most confused - his mind was a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, but none of them stuck. Because he was flat on his back on Hux’ couch, pinned there by the wonderful, amazing, comforting weight of Hux’ body on top of his own, and he was not so much being kissed as he was being absolutely devoured . He’d never met anyone who’d kissed him like this, didn’t even know it was possible, had never dreamed someone could be so forceful and demanding and still make him feel… worshiped . Hux kissed him as if Ben’s mouth was water and he’d been lost in a desert, as if Ben’s lips, Ben’s body under gentle but oh so eager hands was a banquet and he’d been starved. It was as if Hux simply couldn’t get enough of him , and the thought had him reeling, making him whimper softly into the kiss. He wants me. The realization hit him like that proverbial ton of bricks. He wants me. Oh my God, he wants… he actually wants me like this. It had been so long since anyone touched him in any way even remotely close to this, so long since he’d felt that tension in the air, like electricity, a spark waiting to snap into flame, into fire, into an all-consuming fire-storm that would leave them sweaty, and sore, and… real . Before, the fire had always been extinguished before it ever had any chance of spreading - the fire-storm more like firework; intense, but short-lived. There had never been kisses, hands lazily roaming sweat-soaked skin and tousled hair - no soft whispers, no sleepy promises of more to come. It had always been fleeting, temporary; both parties aware that it would never be more than just another moment, just another encounter, just... another faceless, meaningless fumbling of hands and lips, a quick jerk off they didn’t have to do themselves - both of them back into their clothes and parting ways before they’d even worked through all the aftershocks. But this was real. This was his to keep, at least for a while. For as long as Hux would let him. He said he loves me. He said he wants me. He loves me. He wants me here. He loves me. He… oh my God, he wants me. The thought had managed to stick, and now it went on repeat over and over again, as if the repetition would keep him sane through this mind-numbing display of want he was being given. But there was really little doubt as to the truth of Hux’ words; their close proximity let him feel that very clearly, and that had him blushing so furiously into the kiss that he worried his face would catch fire. And Hux was a really freaking good kisser - he had every right to be smug, because Ben could do little more than follow his lead and try to remember how to breathe. He was unsure of what to do with his hands, but he tried burying one in the wonderful red hair at Hux’ neck, and if the small groan that came in response was anything to go by, it was a more than welcome move. He tried gripping it a little tighter, eliciting another little noise, and he could barely contain the pride he felt at having managed that. After some little hesitation, he shyly let his other hand move downwards over Hux’ chest, around his back, to settle just under his shoulder-blade, clinging on for dear life. It struck him that he’d never actually kissed anyone with a beard before, and while it was rough and strange against his skin, he also realized it made him all hot and tingly inside. It felt very good, and he gathered a little courage before moving both hands back to Hux’ chest so he could grip his shirt and pull him closer. Even the little distance between them felt too much, and Ben - for the first time in his life - refused to feel bad about this selfish and sudden need to try and make Hux as breathless and overwhelmed as he was. He wanted Hux to know he wanted this too, and right now, pulling him as close as he could possibly get and using what strength he had to keep him there was the only way he could communicate it - he wouldn’t have been able to say it out loud if his life depended on it; didn’t have words to put to all of the things he felt - but the way Hux seemed more than happy to oblige him made him happier than he could remember feeling. It had been six months since Hux had kissed someone who wasn’t Ben, since he’d exchanged messy handjobs in the bathroom at a cocktail party he hadn’t wanted to attend in the first place, then zipped himself up, washed his hands, and straightened his tie before walking up to the bar like he hadn’t spent the past ten minutes hooking up beside the urinal. Hux couldn’t remember his name, but the encounter had been satisfying enough, if fleeting, and in the months that followed, the man - his features blurred, made recognizable only by the color of shirt and the short crop of his hair - had been the star of numerous fantasies, Hux jerking himself off under the covers of his bed, then forcing himself to change the sheets before falling asleep. It wasn’t until he’d met Ben that the person starring in those fantasies had changed, and now, with Ben laid out beneath him, Hux marveled that he hadn’t recognized it sooner, the profile morphing into one more defined, with a soft jawline and prominent nose, the hair growing darker and more untamed, eyes more liquid and familiar. Ben had been the main attraction to Hux’ wet dreams, the reason for his cold showers, for far longer than he’d been willing to admit, even to himself. And now, he had the chance to touch and taste to his heart’s content, his fingers first at Ben’s jaw, tilting it up to give Hux better to his kiss, then skimming along his sides, featherlight and making Ben squirm, then - finally - settling at Ben’s thigh, squeezing intent into flesh that was sensitive and velvety soft. All of his fantasies had paled in comparison to the feeling of having Ben warm and real and ticklish - and who the hell had known Ben was ticklish? - pinned by his weight, the bones of Ben’s hips digging into his groin, Ben’s hands clumsy, made so by desire. Somehow, that did more to undo Hux than any more practiced motions could have. Hux was used to having experienced lovers, when he took them at all - men who treated these encounters as they did business transactions, unrattled, unaffected, as if hooking up in bathrooms was an everyday occurrence for which one should come prepared. Ben was a world apart from all of that, overstimulated and responsive, and when his trembling fingers fisted themselves in Hux’ shirt with such fervor that he felt a button catch and strain, the headrush Hux experienced rendered him dizzy, latching onto Ben in return as he planted a wet, open-mouthed kiss behind his ear. He knew Ben could feel his arousal, wished he could curb it, but there was no hope for that - he already was near to seeing stars - so he forced himself to slow his ministrations, pulling away from that spot behind Ben’s ear with another, more chaste, kiss that had Ben whining in disapproval. Hux hummed deep in his throat at the sound and soothed over the slightly reddened and raised skin there with the nail of his thumb. “Shhhh, love, there’s more where that came from,” he promised, sitting up enough that he could take in Ben’s face, read his emotions, though the evidence of Ben’s own arousal pressing against his thigh left little doubt of what he felt. “Let’s just… breathe for a moment. We have time.” Hux looked serious then, already missing the feel of Ben’s skin on his lips. “I want to be sure I do this right and, so far, I’ve done a piss-poor enough job of that. I’m not going to ravish you the day I finally decide to get my act together.” Though that was exactly what he wanted to do. Ben’s hair was ruined, static from where it had rubbed against the sofa sending it in all directions, making a nest behind his head, and Hux attempted to arrange it back into some semblance of order as he peered down into Ben’s eyes, the heady feeling that had gripped him lessening, though not disappearing, at the tenderness of the gesture. “Don’t misunderstand me. There’s nothing - and I do mean nothing - I’d like more than to give in to my baser instincts.” He grimaced at that. “But Ben, you’re worth so much more than a quick fuck after two weeks of the worst display I’ve ever made of myself. What do you say you let me make it up to you for a while - show you you’re not making the mistake Phasma must think you are?” “Just...” and his voice betrayed him, still rough with desire when he went to say the words. “Just let me treat you the way you should be treated. I suspect this wasn’t the first time someone’s gotten it all wrong, but I want it to be the last.” He fixed Ben with a pleading look, brushing mussed hair away from his forehead. A week ago, he would have killed a man for the chance to touch Ben this way, yet now, the contact wasn’t enough; made greedy by Ben’s presence, it was all he could do to steel himself against the inclination to let his hand drift to other, less innocent places. If he truly meant to do this, he knew, truly meant to play the gentleman, keep his touches upstanding and forthright, there would be far more cold showers in his immediate future, and he shifted again over Ben’s hips, willing himself to behave. Ben stared at him, caught in a sudden conflict between wanting to laugh at the sheer silliness of this whole situation, and wanting to scoff at this sudden - and entirely unnecessary - need to be a gentleman. Because really? Really? When they had finally talked, when they had finally found out that their feelings and desire were very much mutual, when Hux had carried him to the fucking couch - as if they were in in some Hollywood romance - to kiss him until he was a panting mess of want and happy… That’s when the idiot decided to get all chivalrous on him? What in the actual fuck? Didn’t Ben get any say in this? He had really enjoyed the direction this was all taking, and honestly, the feeling of Hux’ hard-on poking him in the hip was really rather exciting - he’d been more than okay with seeing where they could go with this. Being so blatantly desired did things to Ben’s heart that he really wanted to explore further. But no. Of course Hux would suddenly decide to run for Gentleman of the Year, and back away when it was all getting very interesting. Of course. Life, Ben thought, was such a fucking bitch . He couldn’t stop his overly expressive right eyebrow from rising, his head tilted and lips pursed, as he crossed his arms over his bony chest. “Really now?” he questioned, rolling his hips ever so slightly - grasped by sudden courage he didn’t know he possessed. But then again, when Ben felt this side of his personality surface, he did a lot of things he was usually too scared to do. “Do I look like I want a gentleman right now?” Hux had to bite his lip to stifle whatever sound Ben made him make, and he had the decency to blush almost as red as his beard at Ben’s smirk. Deciding he liked that reaction, Ben did it again, and Hux looked like he didn’t quite know what to do with himself, or Ben, or anything - him gathering every last fraction of self-control he possessed was so obvious it was almost ridiculous, and Ben found it awfully endearing. “I’m a big boy,” Ben said, the smirk turning almost devious. “I can do big boy things. It’s lovely that you want to treat me well, but - and this might come as a surprise for you - I’m not made of glass. I promise. And trust me, I am about as far from a blushing virgin you can get - I know what sex is, and I happen to enjoy it.” He bit his lip, looking away for a moment, then facing Hux’ dumbstruck gaze again. “But, you know, if you’re not up for this, you can just tell me so. I’m an adult. Treat me like one.” “No!” The spike of arousal that the motion of Ben’s hips sent through Hux’ groin had him groaning, looking to the heavens because he wasn’t likely to get help from anywhere else. Ben was on a mission to destroy him, here and now; that much was certain, but oh, it would be a sweet destruction. “No no no no no, I’m… well, I’m up for this, as you can see.” He gave an expressive shrug and an answering roll of his hips, cursing himself for his decision when it only served to exacerbate the problem, then had to stop to moisten his suddenly dry lips. “It’s only… it’s only... it’s not about the physical act…” But right now his prick disagreed; it very much was, and Hux faltered over his words, Ben giving him a look that said he wasn’t any more convinced than Hux himself. “I just want to make sure it’s the right time, that we’re both ready. And not… not just because our bodies are telling us we are.” Hux tugged at his collar, where even his loosened tie was feeling too tight, heat creeping up his neck. “Dammit, Ben, you’re going to be the death of me, you know that?” He swore, but the words were said fondly, and he punctuated them with a touch to Ben’s inner wrist, fingers dancing up to the inside of his elbow - slow, careful strokes, meant to calm his racing blood as much as Ben’s. The inside of Ben’s arm had escaped whatever disaster had befallen him with the paint; though streaks of purple from his elbow had smeared onto the sofa and specks of red from the ends of his hair had decorated its arm, the skin there, Hux imagined, was almost translucent, veins running blue beneath the pock-marks that seemed to extend over every inch of Ben’s body, as he traced the pads of his fingers up and then down again. With Ben, even that was sensual, and Hux shuddered, heaving a put-upon sigh. “If only you knew the things you do to me-” but Hux’ words stuttered to a stop when his touch caught upon something unexpected on the swatch of Ben’s skin, something raised and foreign, something that definitely had not been there the last time he’d been allowed to touch Ben in this place. It was no surprise that the skin of his forearm wasn’t smooth. Back in the ER, the night he’d first met Ben, he’d seen the scars here, hadn’t needed a team of nurses to tell him what they meant - but that, he’d told himself, had all been in the past. Something Ben had once done, before Hux had known him, something left over from the person Ben had used to be - the scars tragic, but by definition, a remnant of danger already passed. This, though… this wasn’t a scar, and Hux ran his forefinger over the patch of roughness a second time, reading the truth of it. It was barely healed, still fresh enough that, were he to pick off the scab, it would start to bleed again. That served to set his head straight where all else had failed, concern and fear for Ben the only emotions that could have matched the want he felt for him. He understood now what had so upset Phasma, what had moved her to near tears in his office, and with great care, Hux flipped Ben’s arm over in his grasp, inspecting the damage. The injury itself wasn’t large - maybe a few inches across - the new skin around it pinkish and swollen in that way Ben had assured him meant healing rather than infection, but that still made Hux’ stomach tighten in something other than arousal. He wasn’t stupid; Ben had done this, and not a year ago, not even a month, but recently. Not so long ago that Hux wouldn’t have noticed, had he cared to look. Below it, there were others, some in that same state of half-healing, some perhaps a few days older. And underneath all of them, there were the scars, Ben’s past embossed indelibly on his skin in raised lines - most about the size of the newer hurts, those still scabbed over, though there was one, longer and more damning, that ran almost the entire length of Ben’s forearm, from wrist to elbow, as if he’d tried to split himself clean open. Each, he knew without asking, had been inflicted by Ben’s own hand. This Ben, not some stranger who had inhabited Ben’s body before he came into Hux’ life, but the same Ben who enjoyed music with lyrics Hux could barely understand and liked his tea so hot it scalded his tongue. It was difficult to reconcile the two in his mind, even now, with the evidence laid out in front of him. That Ben would do this to himself, that Hux would turn a blind eye - that there were scars that were past and scabs that were now and the thread of Ben’s being willing to put them there running through all of it - the weight of the realization slammed into Hux all at once. To know Ben was to know this part of him too; to accept him was to accept this. There was no locking it away, not anymore, not if he wanted to keep Ben, all the parts of him - even the difficult ones - and he forced himself to look at the state of Ben’s arm, to really see it, the damage both new and old, his fingers not moving from where the largest of the cuts had scabbed over. “Ben…” he began, the boy looking at him, stricken, blush gone from his face as it drained of all color. Beneath the freckles and moles, he had gone chalk-white. “For as much as I look forward to all of the activities the two of us are going to share, I think there’s… if there was ever a good reason for the two of us to take things slowly…” He shook his head; already he’d said it wrong, and Ben tensed underneath of him, as if waiting for Hux to decide to remove himself, so he could flee. “Ben, love, no. Stop. I’m sorry. That’s not… what I meant is, there are things we need to discuss, no matter how I wish I could do nothing but kiss you all day.” Without thinking, he brought Ben’s arm up to his mouth and placed a gentle kiss atop the scab, where he could feel the pulse of Ben’s blood just below the surface. It was rough beneath his lips, and he kissed it again. “Starting with this.” “I- I’m at a loss here. I just want to know what happened. What’s- what’s happening , if you’re able to explain it to me, and I think it would be more easily done were I not straddling your hips.” Hux gave Ben a little smile, arm still cradled between his hands, one thumb moving over the prominent bone of his wrist. “But I’ll only offer that if you promise not to run. Otherwise, I’m staying right here.” And he would. They’d reached something of a stand-off, because if the only way of keeping Ben here long enough for him to understand that this wasn’t the thing that was going to make Hux give up on him - that the unfamiliar feeling of being faced with a problem he didn’t know how to solve didn’t have to mean this was the end of the line for them - he’d keep Ben pinned to this sofa all day. Hux cocked his head meaningfully, indicating that the two of them should sit up, then waited, the picture of more patience than he’d known he was capable of. Though the gruesome sight of the largest of the scars - one that could have killed him had he slipped the wrong way dammit! - made him want to demand an explanation, a list of instructions telling him what to do to ensure this never happened again, he remained still. The fearful cadence of his heart was the only concession he allowed himself, until eventually, Ben gave a reluctant nod, his mouth still drawn tight, as if he’d done something wrong. It was a look Hux never wanted to see on his face again ( he had a mouth made for smiling, he thought, for a moment transported back to his administrative department floor), and determined to remove it, Hux remained pressed to his side even after he had crawled off of Ben and settled next to him on the sofa. Even when Ben curled in on himself as he had in the early days, too ashamed to accept Hux’ comfort, one arm cradled in the other. “You can take your time,” Hux prompted, with a light touch to Ben’s ribs. “Or if you don’t want to talk, we can just… sit. Beru has some lovely, calming selections, and I’m not going anywhere.” Ben shook his head, head too jumbled and at the same time too blank for him to really manage a verbal response right away. He curled in on himself further, shame, fear, guilt, and a thousand other similar emotions burned cold in his heart, anxiety squeezing it mercilessly, and he had to focus on just breathing, because this was just… Not something he’d ever wanted Hux to know about. He wasn’t supposed to see this! How could Ben have been so stupid ? Painting the wall dressed in a t-shirt? And not only that, but getting so distracted by the kiss he forgot how to keep his wounds hidden? He should know better - and he did know better, so how could he have fucked it up so badly? He’d managed to hide worse wounds than these from everyone, including the staff at two different psych-wards! How had he suddenly just… forgotten about them? It shouldn’t have happened, and now Hux was upset. Hux was upset and scared, and it was Ben’s fault. It made him nauseous to think that these weren’t the only fresh wounds, either. How would Hux react when he saw the worse part? The collection growing on the inside of his thighs? He was so ugly, and so damaged, and so fucked up, and now he had made Hux worry and Hux wasn’t supposed to worry about him and now everything was all wrong and it was Ben’s fault! Fuck! He needed to get his shit together so he could fix this! “I don’t...” he managed to wheeze out as he fought to calm his breath and racing heart. “No… no music. Please. I- I can’t...” “Alright, darling,” Hux soothed as Ben found himself gently pulled into a tight but comforting embrace. “No music. Nothing you don’t want, I promise.” Ben couldn’t tell how long they sat like that - Ben cradled to Hux’ solid chest like a child, hands oh so gently rubbing circles over his back and playing with his hair. Though the remnants of alcohol and smoke clung to Hux’ shirt, Ben could still pick up on his personal scent underneath it all, and he focused on that, forcing his mind to ditch any other thought but how much he had come to love that smell. With a deep, shaking breath, he buried his face in the junction between Hux’ neck and shoulder, where the smell of his super expensive and absolutely intoxicating cologne came through the most. Hux’ hand came up to cradle the back of his head, the other pulling him even closer - and Ben’s brain melted into a fuzzy feeling of comfort that he really wasn’t used to. He hated when people touched him, hated hugs, hated being held tight - it had always made him panic, made him feel trapped, made him feel a need to break free and run - but for whatever reason, he felt safer in this vice-like grip than he could remember ever having felt. And, in the end, that feeling was the thing that eventually gave him enough courage to jump head-first into the conversation he knew could very well mean that Hux would cut this whole thing off forever. After all, it was what people usually did. They made him talk about it, and then they left him. Everyone always left him. But... no one had ever asked him to explain it the way Hux had. No one had ever sounded like they genuinely wanted to understand him. He had to try. This was a chance that might never come again. He had to at least try . “Do… uhm, do you know what Bipolar Disorder is?” Chapter 14 Notes: Trigger Warnings: graphic description/discussion of self harm, as well as the wounds/scarring caused by it, graphic description of past suicide attempt, graphic description of mental illness, brief mention of alcohol/drug usage. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux nodded, his chin brushing Ben’s hair where Ben had buried his face in his shoulder. He did know - or at least he’d heard the term before. Bipolar Disorder. The words in themselves didn’t sound especially threatening. He had read them in a book, more than once. Had taken a psychology class in undergrad. Thought he’d maybe even known someone who’d known someone who had a cousin who had it. Or perhaps it had been a celebrity? He didn’t remember. All he knew was that none of those instances had anything to do with Ben, and that made all the difference, as he hitched Ben closer to his side, fingers playing with the fine hair at the back of his neck while Ben’s nose cut into his collarbone. Ben was on a long list of medications, medications Hux hadn’t questioned when, that first night at the ER, he’d been told that Ben needed them. For all of their unpleasant side-effects - the shaky hands, the food that sometimes just wouldn’t seem to go or stay down - if Ben needed them, then he needed them, and that was that. He’d hadn’t known the diagnosis then, had only known that something was wrong that had left Ben with knuckles split open and the bones of his administrative apartment on the floor, but now he suspected Bipolar Disorder must have had something to do with it. Okay. Okay, Hux thought, mentally giving himself a shake. Ben had Bipolar Disorder. Was bipolar. Maybe. Was that an appropriate way to refer to people who had Bipolar Disorder? Hux didn’t want to ask right then, not when Ben was shaking against him, holding himself together by a thread. (Or letting Hux hold him together with a vice-like grip that Hux worried was too tight but that he wasn’t going to change as long as it seemed to make Ben feel more secure.) What mattered was that Ben did… things to himself. Things Hux wasn’t yet ready to give a name to. He would have sacrificed his administrative department ten times over to never see another mark on Ben’s skin, and letting out a long exhale, Hux drew the fingers of the hand wrapped around Ben’s waist together until he made a fist. He didn’t have a single fully formed memory of his mother, knew only who his father had been after her death; if he lost Ben, and to something as silly as his own hand, to a blade he thought he knew how to use well enough that he could control the damage… if he could lose him so easily now, just after he’d found him… but no. Silently, Hux pressed the fist he’d made against the knobs of Ben’s spine - he wouldn’t think that way. If Ben noticed, he didn’t show it. He didn’t appear in any hurry to elaborate, even after Hux nodded, only burying his nose deeper into Hux’ shirt and inhaling deeply, so Hux could feel the way his chest expanded with it. He felt so permanent now, so solid that Hux couldn’t imagine not holding him, even with every one of his ribs so close to the surface Hux could have counted them by touch, and Hux’ thoughts wandered to his aunt, the one on his father’s side. Maybe she had had been bipolar too; his father had never said what her diagnosis was, only that she was unstable , the word whispered like it was something dirty. At the time, Hux hadn’t realized what it meant, though he’d known better than to repeat it; it was only in later years that he’d understood, and by then he’d known better than to bring it up. He hadn’t seen her since before she’d become ill, and hadn’t thought of her again until he’d met Ben, but now he wondered if her arms bore marks similar to his. If she’d had anyone she needed to explain her diagnosis to. If she’d tried with his father. Hux hoped for her sake that she hadn’t - that maybe he’d learned of it through it a phonecall, and she’d never heard him refer to her the way he did. If his father ever spoke about Ben in the tone he’d using when speaking of his own sister, if his lip ever curled up the way it had the last night he’d had anything to say about her, Hux would kill the man. He held no illusions about his ability to keep his temper in check - Hux had never feared him so much as held him in such extreme disregard that there was no reason to confront him - but then, that wouldn’t be something they’d have to worry about. His father would never set foot in the same room as Ben; he’d make sure of that, and as he relished the smell of Ben’s hair, he sincerely hoped his aunt hadn’t given a shit when she’d no doubt gotten the same call he had about the man’s heart attack. Maybe he would even look up her number and give her a call himself, he thought. He had the means to do so without reaching out to his father, and there was little that would have angered the man more. She probably would love to hear it, if she felt about him the way that Hux did, and perhaps more importantly, she deserved to know Hux hadn’t forgotten her. A feeling nearly as warm as Ben’s body heat settled over him at the thought, and Hux found with it the courage to say more where Ben could not. He wasn’t certain he would ever be ready for the answer to the question he was preparing to ask, but he knew he needed to hear it. “Ben,” he began, wishing desperately for half the eloquence he found so readily whenever he dealt with partners or potential clients, whenever he was Ethan Hux, CEO, and not Ethan Hux, newly minted and rather unpracticed partner (or at least he hoped so, they hadn’t defined anything yet) of Ben Solo. “Is… is that the reason you did this? That you- uh- do this? The Bipolar Disorder… does it make you… or- or was it me? Did I- Ben, I know how terrible I’ve been. Please tell me, did I make you do this to yourself?” The words made him cringe, thankful that Ben couldn’t see his face, with his own buried as it was. And there it was, Ben thought, the ever present ‘why’ that people for some reason always thought he would have a neat and clear answer to. No one ever seemed to realize that even Ben didn’t know why he did half the shit he did, but Hux had asked, and Hux really deserved some sort of proper answer. The shame burned hot in his throat; he had to swallow a few times to beat the nausea back down before he could even think of moving his lips. He wanted to cry, say something flippant, run for the hills - anything to escape the conversation, the guilt, the fear. Suddenly, he just couldn’t stand being in Hux’ arms anymore, couldn’t bear the sense of comfort it gave him, because how the hell could Ben deserve this man’s comfort when he was about to drop a bomb of this magnitude right on his head? He had no right to demand to be held like this, to feel this safe, when he knew how badly this was going to hurt them both to talk about. If Hux wanted to even be in the same room as him after this, that’d be a fucking miracle . He pulled away, curling up as far into the corner he could - drawing his knees up to his chest and wrapping his undamaged arm around them as he forced himself to look at the wounds on the other - avoiding Hux’ gaze while he did. If he looked at him, he would just lose his nerve and they wouldn’t get anywhere with this. “Bipolar doesn’t make me do shit,” he said, then winced as it came out harsher and meaner than he’d intended. But he was just feeling so incredibly fucking cornered and defensive, years of people’s bad reactions ringing in his ears. But he’d started it, so now he had no choice but to finish it. “ I make me do shit.” He gave a humourless smile. “I… This isn’t your fault, okay? Sure, what you did didn’t exactly help, but I’ve done this for far more stupid reasons than that, trust me. I just… Fuck, I don’t know. When I get like this, I always end up like this. Always . It’s usually only a matter of how long I can fight it before it happens. It’s not anyone’s fault; I can find excuses in anything, and I know it’s fucked up, okay? I know. It’s stupid, and dangerous, and disgusting - I know. Sometimes...” He paused, licking his lips, trying to find the words. “Sometimes I, uhm, do it without knowing it. Like, I space out, and then I wake up, and I’ve done it again, and it’s scary. But most of the time-... most of the time it’s me. All me.” He went quiet for a moment, studying the ugly scabs on his arm. “It’s worse when I’m… when I’m depressed like this. When I’m m-manic I just… I don’t sleep for two weeks, then end up in the psych-ward - I don’t really think about, uhm, hurting myself. I don’t have time to. I just get anxious and angry, maybe hallucinate or something, and then I get admitted somewhere. I-it doesn’t happen a lot, though. I usually just, uhm, get depressed a lot. And I’ve been, uhm... I’ve been like this for a while now. Like, before that- that day. I’ve just been waiting for an excuse. Any excuse. It’s like...” He had to pause again. Apparently, he’d started crying - the tears made his vision blurry, and it got harder to breathe through his nose. What a fucking sight he must be! Really looking the whole crazy person part now, wasn’t he? Splattered in paint, all scabbed arms and emaciated body, curled up on himself and fucking crying. Great . It was a wonder Hux hadn’t run away screaming yet. But, he reminded himself once more, he’d started it, so he might as well finish it. Didn’t want Hux to be able to tell him he hadn’t been given the full picture, that he’d never told him it was this bad. No, he’d give him the whole ugly truth - it wasn’t like he had anything to lose anyway. A bitter chuckle escaped him. “It’s like being an alcoholic,” he said. “I’m an addict, and it sounds pathetic and morbid, but it’s what it is. Some people… Uhm, some people, when shit gets bad, they drink. And they know it won’t fix shit for them in the long run, but the long run doesn’t fucking matter, you know? Because it still works for a little while. It still helps. And I’m-... It’s, uhm, it’s the same for me. It helps me… helps me breathe. It’s not like- not like anyone else ever did shit to help me anyway. At least this works.” No, it doesn’t, Hux wanted to say. There was a small, desperate part of him that wanted to yell it, though he rarely raised his voice and knew it would do more harm than good anyway. Wanted to take Ben and ask him why. Why, when hurting himself didn’t help anything ? It didn’t it work; couldn’t he see it made it all worse? Except, he thought, tearing his eyes away from the scabs they kept returning to even when he tried to look elsewhere - except maybe it didn’t. There were times Hux had a glass of wine with dinner because he liked the taste, because it complemented the pasta well, or the fish. There were times he looked forward to the taste of a well-aged scotch Phasma had picked out for him and demanded he try. And it wasn’t the same - of course it wasn’t - but then there were the times he drank… more out of habit. Because it was the end of the day and he simply didn’t know what else to do with himself. Because his hands were empty and they felt a little less so with a glass pressed between them. Because he had pushed Ben away and the only way to blur the lines of his own failure had been to fill his glass until everything else blurred as well. Ben had moved to the end of the sofa, putting as much distance between the two of them as space would allow, and Hux ached that he couldn’t reach out and touch him. He supposed he could have, but it looked like Ben wanted space, knees hugged close to his chest, his posture warning Hux not to try. He’d started crying while speaking, and as Ben swiped a hand under his nose, he looked at Hux balefully. With a hint of defiance, like he had said all he had to say and was now daring Hux to leave, after what he’d heard. Daring him to stay. The way Ben spoke of himself… Hux shook his head, it was as damning as the scars themselves. Maybe Ben had never met his father, but it appeared he hadn’t needed to in order to learn exactly what was said about people like him. There’d been someone else, someone in his own life, who’d taught him what happened when people found out. How important it was to hide the things he thought ugly about himself, no matter the cost. Well, he’d learned his lessons well, Hux thought bitterly. This had been building for the entire time he’d been in Hux’ company - Ben wrestling the need to turn against himself, even when Hux had thought him content. At times, more than content - happy. And maybe he had been, but that didn’t change the fact that, for as long as Hux had known him, Ben had been someone who wanted to do these things, and Hux had never once suspected. How had he never never suspected? How badly had he wanted not to see? And worse, how long had Ben been left alone with this before him? Had there ever been anyone he could speak to about it? Anyone who hadn’t been repulsed? Who hadn’t immediately stopped recognizing him as the person they knew before the moment they’d seen? Anyone who had ever asked? Looking at Ben hunched in the corner of his sofa, waiting for him to leave, or to stay, Hux knew the answer. “You’re not disgusting,” Hux said quietly, after he’d let the silence drag on too long - because for all the things he didn’t know, he was sure of that. “You’re… you’re Ben , all the parts of him, and I love you. I know we’ve already established this, but I think it bears repeating. If this is something we need to deal with, then… then we deal with it.” Whatever that meant. As much fumbling as it took. As painful as it might be for the both of them. He laid his hand palm up on the sofa, inviting, giving Ben the chance to accept it if he so chose. “I… I’m going to ask for your patience in this, because I’m afraid I’m quite out of my depth here. I haven’t… I don’t know what this is like for you; I’m not even going to pretend I do, but I will try to understand. And I can promise you now, I’m going to get it wrong at least half the time, but I will be here to get it wrong. For what that’s worth.” It was hardly an inspiring promise, but as he offered Ben a crooked smile, it was the only one he knew he could keep. “Whatever you’ve done - there on your arm, or… or in other places, you don’t have to hide it. Not from me. You don’t have to be afraid that I might see. I’m -” He let out a laugh that sounded half-hysterical. “I’m terrified enough for the both of us, believe me. But mostly of how thoroughly I’m going to fuck this up. Of… of making this worse somehow. Or at least failing to make it better. Which - which I know I can’t, of course I can’t. So that’s bloody stupid, isn’t it?” The fingers of Hux’ open hand flexed of their own accord. “But maybe the two of us… we can find something, if you’ll let me in? Let me see?” Half-expecting Ben to tell him to mind his own business and not able to blame him if he did, he held his breath. When Ben’s chilled hand settled on top of his, the touch hesitant, something uncoiled in Hux’ chest, and he twined their fingers together loosely, still not moving any closer, the decision to breach the gap between them left up to Ben. “How-” he started, then swallowed hard. “How bad is it, really, right now ? This time?” Ben flinched at the question. No one ever asked that! No one ever wanted to hear past his initial explanation - they’d always just nod, pretend they understood, then tell him to stop doing it or they might have to admit him to the nearest psych-ward where they could ‘sort him out.’ The last time someone had wanted to know the full extent of the damage, it had been Leia; yelling at him for half an hour, then demanding he strip - right there in the living room, in broad daylight - and he struggled to remember a time he’d felt more humiliated. He’d been 18 at the time, and his body hadn’t been in its best condition. In fact, he’d been in much the same state then as he was now - only this time, at least, he didn’t have bandages over less than six hours old wounds on both his thighs. That was some sort of progress, right? But why would Hux…? He- he wasn’t asking Ben to strip again, was he? Hux couldn’t possibly be that cruel, right? But… But he had asked to be allowed to see… Maybe Ben could just tell him there were more, and hope he wouldn’t press the issue. Yeah, that would work splendidly until fucking bed-time. Because at some point, Ben would have to take these sweatpants off, and he had a hunch Hux wouldn’t let him sleep alone again after this. Actually, he hoped Hux wouldn’t; Ben didn’t want to sleep alone anymore - not when he could have Hux next to him, the smell of him all wrapped around him like a safety blanket. Not when he could feel safe, protected. “It’s, uhm, it’s bad,” he admitted, keeping his gaze fixed on the floor by the couch. “I- I don’t think you want to see it, it’s-.... It’s not the worst I’ve ever done, but it’s not very…uhm, not very nice to look at.” The hold on Ben’s hand tightened a fraction as Hux squeezed their palms together. “I’m not asking you to show me right now,” Hux said, the hold on Ben’s hand loosening again. “Though you don’t have to be ashamed, whenever you want to. Or if you never want to. Or-” He cut himself off, scratching his beard awkwardly with his free hand. “I’m only asking because I really must know what we’re dealing with here. If there’s something… worse that I’m not seeing. If you - uh - need… if you need medical attention. Because I won’t…. I would never pressure you, but if you’re seriously hurt, we need to do something about that.” “N-no, I...” Ben bit his lip. “The, uhm, the other ones are older than these. They’re healing up, they’re just...” another bitter chuckle escaped him. “They’re just really disgusting. I don’t want to make you throw up or anything. Or put you off your appetite.” It was a morbid, but pathetic attempt at a joke, and he knew it. It wasn’t funny to anyone but him - these things never were. “I just… I-... later, okay? C-can we look at them later?” Oh, shit . How to explain what he needed in a way that made any sort of sense to someone who wasn’t… well, someone who wasn’t Ben . “I can’t just… just show them. It doesn’t work, it just makes me feel… gross. But if you… This is going to sound so weird, and I’m sorry, and if you really don’t want to, I’ll understand, I promise! I- I know this shit is nothing anyone really wants to know about, and I’m… I’m happy that you do, I just… D-do you think that maybe, uhm, when we go to bed-! Uhm, I mean, if, if I’m allowed t-to sleep in y-your room again - and I totally understand if you’d rather not sleep next to, you know, this.” He gestured to himself. “But maybe, y-you could just... God, this is going to sound so crazy. But if you could maybe just… touch them first? Like, not… not look at them. N-not say anything. Just… just that. Then maybe… I mean, I-I think it would be easier for me to… to be able to talk about it. I’ll tell you when you can, uhm, ask. But I just… I’m sorry, I’m not used to this. Normally people would have called the psych-ward by now, and I don’t really know what to do with this. You. Us. I just. This is so hard! I just… I just know that when… uhm, when you touch me, it helps. I don’t feel as disgusting. I-... it helps. It just helps.” That did it, destroyed the last of Hux’ resolve, and he threw himself across the sofa to close the distance between them, pulling Ben to his chest and kissing the side of his head soundly, where he knew the shell of his ear was hidden under the fall of his hair. Did Ben not see, he asked himself, pressure building behind his eyes again. How could he not understand? “Ben, Ben, ” he chanted, and in between every repetition of his name, Hux pressed a kiss, each a little longer than the last, to the same spot. “Ben, love. Sweetheart, if I haven’t been clear enough, I - I… Ben, the room is yours. The bed is yours. Everything in this apartment is yours, as much as it is mine. I am yours, most of all, and if you what you need is for me to touch them…” Hux broke off, shuddering. That Ben wanted him to touch him, anywhere - but especially in places he’d always thought he needed to keep hidden - it was enough that he thought might fly apart with the weight of it. How was it that his touch could help? For so long, there’d been an obscene sort of guilt with every brush of his hand on Ben’s - the thought that this was something he shouldn’t be allowed, something selfishly taken. He’d never once considered that what he feared might break everything might just be the balm that would soothe it, at least a little. “If what you need is for me to touch them… “ His voice was thick. “God, Ben, there’s not an inch of you I wouldn’t consider it my honor to be able to touch. The places that you’ve hurt yourself, I…” Hux didn’t know how to form the words that he wanted to say, so instead, he moved his kisses to Ben’s forehead, his lips dry, a hand on either side of his head, holding him steady. “I want you to know that I love those places just as much as I love the rest of you. The last time I slept well was the last time you slept next to me, and if I have my way, you’ll never sleep anywhere else for as long as you live. I want you near - where, if I’ve been given the privilege of touching the parts of you you don’t like, I can make use of that readily and often. Can show you how much I do like them, how far from disgusting they are to me. Can always remind you the way I see you, in case you forget.” And if Ben had been crying before Hux said that, he was practically bawling his eyes out now. Because, yes, that did it. Hux wanted him. Wanted to touch him - despite all the… ugly shit. He… he wanted Ben in his home. He actually wanted Ben to be here with him despite- Well, despite everything. Ben was allowed to stay here. Was allowed to think of this as his home, and he couldn’t remember what home even meant before this. Before now. Hux promised to keep touching him, to keep him close. It was… it was everything . “I’m- I’m so-orry,” he hiccupped, embarrassed that he was probably getting tears and snot all over Hux’ shirt. Hux’ really expensive shirt. But he couldn’t stop himself from just burrowing into his chest, needed the drumming of Hux’ heartbeat to keep him grounded, steady. To remind him that this was real. That Ben just admitted to being batshit crazy, and Hux still wanted him. That Hux still didn’t call him ugly, still hadn’t called someone to take him away. “I just… You... I’m- I’m just.. You really want me? Y-you actually want me here? W-want me to b-be with you? B-be yours? I-... I’m sorry, I just-! I’m so scared, I-... I’m happy, I really am! I’m just… no one’s ever… I’m allowed to have you, and I… I’m sorry I’m so fucked up! I’m sorry I’m not g-gonna be okay for a- a while. But I’ll try! I promise, I… I’ll get better. I just… please , just… Don’t let go.” If Hux even managed to make sense of that tirade, he deserved a fucking prize, Ben’s brain informed him. What the hell kind of love confession was that even? More like the epitome of pathetic desperation, but Ben just couldn’t form the words to try and salvage it now. He was reduced to that ugly, gut-wrenching sobbing state again, and he hated it. It hurt everywhere, and it made it impossible to speak in any even remotely coherent way, and he really didn’t fucking need this right now, but… But he was just so relieved . It was finally connecting with his brain that he wasn’t about to be thrown out, that all the things Hux had told him sounded an awful lot like him asking Ben to be with him, to be his… partner? Boyfriend? Whatever word a man like Hux would use for this… thing that had happened between them. He probably should ask Hux to clarify it - just one more time, just in case - because Ben knew better than to trust unspoken words and feelings. It never ended with less than heart-break. But he really needed to stop crying first, because right now, he could barely understand himself! Hux arranged himself so that he was leaned farther into the sofa, Ben sprawled bodily across his lap, and maybe had Ben weighed more, the position would have been uncomfortable. But as it was, even the sharp jut of Ben’s bones, all poorly coordinated knees and elbows as he wrapped his arms and legs around Hux, was nothing less than reassuring. He couldn’t have pried Ben off of him now had he tried, and honestly, as he shifted Ben so as much of him was cradled on his lap as would fit, Hux preferred it that way. “I think you’ve been mine since late October,” Hux chuckled, watery and thin. “It’s just that it took me a while to catch on, and even longer to clear the decision with you. You’re not going to be rid of me now. If you think a few scars are enough to scare me away, you should see the state of my sofa. Clearly I’ve no affinity for things that are perfect.” Hux glanced down at the cushions; they were ruined, unsalvageable, and the chuckle turned into a fully formed laugh at the sight - which Hux suspected was unconventional given the situation, but since when had he and Ben ever done anything the conventional way? Once, Hux had had no use for things that weren’t perfect, the ivory of his furniture matching the starched white sheets on his bed matching the perfectly put together men who captured his attention, all of them variable copies of himself - but, he decided, as he contemplated the sofa, he didn’t think he would have it replaced. Nor would he have it reupholstered. He’d leave it just as it was, a testament to the lesson Ben had begun to teach him: that some things came a little broken in, and that it hardly made them worth any less. “Of course I want you to get better, love,” he said. “I want you to feel better - but you do know that’s not a requirement of your remaining by my side, don’t you? The Ben I want… he doesn’t come with terms and conditions. He’s the Ben you were before I met you, the one you are - right here, right now. The one you will be, whether you get better or worse or any number of things in between. That’s the Ben I want.” When Ben pillowed his head on his collarbone, Hux let out a contented sigh. “If you feel better tomorrow, we’ll celebrate it together - and if the next day you feel worse, well, then maybe we’ll just sit like this all day. But when things are bad, Ben - and I mean really bad - I need to know, because there’s nothing we can do about it if I don’t. You understand that, right? That I won’t be angry? That I’d rather know when you’re not feeling better than be surprised by it?” A few beats of silence interrupted only by Ben’s sniffling, and then there was a nod over his heart. He took Ben’s arm in his hands and eased it over once again, so he could run his fingers the length of the worst of them, feeling the ridges where the flesh had knit back together. Yes, Ben had asked him to do this, but he needed it just as much. “Because, Ben, this…” and Hux’ throat closed up at knowledge that it had all once been flayed open, an injury even beyond the scope of what he’d seen upon first meeting Ben. “This - a few centimeters more, and this could have killed you. If- if this had gone wrong…” He couldn’t finish the thought. “The only thing that went wrong with it,” Ben said, the bitterness clear enough to taste. “Is that I survived it.” He reached his other arm out, letting Hux see both scars. “Not a few centimeters more, Hux. What I did was more than enough, and I knew it when I did it, and I- I meant to do it. I didn’t do it to hurt myself, okay? I wasn’t careless, and I knew exactly what I was doing - and fact is-... fact is that I had no intentions to survive it. And I know that’s, uhm, that’s really not what you want to hear - but that’s what it is. I tried to kill myself, and I failed, and now I have to live with these. I’m a crazy person, remember? It’s what we do, even though I obviously suck at it since I - despite my efforts - haven’t actually managed to off myself yet.” Okay, this is it , Ben thought. This is where he leaves. This is the dealbreaker . He knew the flippant way he’d just said all of that would have earned him a good punching around had Han heard him, and he knew he was probably being cruel. But Hux wanted the truth, and this was it. If he wanted Ben as much as he said - if he really, truly, loved every aspect of Ben - then ‘batshit insane, suicidal fuck-up Ben’ was part of the package too, no matter how much Ben wished he could just magic all of that away. There just wasn’t any way for him to sugarcoat this, to make Hux believe it wasn’t as bad as it really was. Hurting himself? Yeah, that he could still explain (and explain away), but anyone with half a brain knew that there was a pretty fucking huge difference between hurting yourself during depressive episodes, and actively trying to kill yourself. Nothing he could possibly say would ever make that not a terrifying thing to hear - especially for someone who had obviously never had much experience with any of the shit Ben dealt with on a daily basis. And if there was anything that made people head for the nearest exit, despite what promises they might have made, it was usually the realization that they’d hooked up with someone who might actually decide to do this again - who might end up in hospitals on a regular basis, who might go through periods of time when they could not be left alone even for a second - and that was an investment most people just couldn’t make. It was so beyond what anyone should have to be willing to put up with, and if Hux decided to back right out of it, Ben sure as hell wouldn’t blame him. He was sure he could actually feel Hux’ heart skipping a beat when he’d told him the truth behind the scars, and now he could do little else but hold his breath and wait for the inevitable freaking out. Hux’ hands tightened unconsciously around Ben’s wrist, desperate to hold in blood he was years too late to stop from spilling, his vision shrinking to scars that suddenly looked more condemning than they had just moments before. Ben had… Ben had meant to kill himself. To take his own life. Had almost succeeded, if the state of his wrists had anything to say about it. The one along his right forearm was just as long as the one on his left, a little more jagged. Done with a hand not quite as practiced, and then Hux’ stomach was climbing up and into his throat, a distant buzzing taking up residence in his ears. He should say something, he knew, should assure Ben that what he had just told him was alright, that it didn’t matter - except it wasn’t. Except it did. It wasn’t alright that Ben had wanted to die. Or at least not to be alive anymore. It wasn’t alright that he had done the job so well. Almost too well. Almost well enough that Hux had never gotten to meet him at all. Nothing was alright, and Hux struggled to loosen his grip when he felt it go so tight it must have become painful for Ben. There was a part of Hux that had always known, he realized. A part of him that had recognized the scars for what they were, for the intention that came with them. A part of him that would never have used the word ‘suicidal’ when referring to Ben, but that had seen in the way Ben talked about himself that he had little enough value for his own life. It shouldn’t have been a surprise - and how different was this, anyway, from what Ben had already told him? Already he knew that Ben had taken a blade to his own skin - here, in Hux’ own apartment, when Hux had been too up his own ass to notice. How much more did it take to turn a cut only meant to harm into one that could kill? Hux had to swallow down on a wave of horror. If Ben had tried once, would he try again? He didn’t sound as if he regretted it, so much as he regretted that he’d failed. If Hux hadn’t come home when he did - if he’d went to work instead, or had gotten so drunk he hadn’t been able to find his way back across town, or if Phasma had never slapped him across the face and he’d just gone on as he had been, treating Ben as a stranger in the place he slept each night, would the same thing have happened now? Would, when he finally looked far enough outside his own selfishness, he have found Ben bleeding out? Already dead? Did the possibility exist that that might happen, even now - even after he’d allowed Ben to become a centerpointe he was already irrevocably fixed around, after he’d allowed himself to enter into an orbit he didn’t want to think about breaking free from? You can fix this, a voice inside Hux’ mind tried to reason with him. He didn’t want to live before because he didn’t have… anyone. Didn’t have you. But Hux knew that wasn’t true. Whatever had driven Ben to open his wrists still lived within him, maybe quiet now while he was pressed against Hux’ chest, but no less present. He’d already forced himself to reconcile the truth when it came to Ben’s ability to hurt himself; Hux wasn’t so much of a hypocrite that he’d try to deny the same held true for this too. “Thank- thank god you didn’t. That you haven’t,” Hux breathed, thoughts tinted red with the stains of Ben’s blood. He’d been covered in it once before, in it up to his elbows, warm and sticky and smelling of pennies and there should have been something he could say to make Ben promise he wouldn’t do it again - not if he loved Hux - but Ben hadn’t even said that yet and Hux couldn’t ask that of him anyway. Snatches of words flitted through his mind wildly, half-formed thoughts, things he could say to fill the silence, to take away the gnawing feeling just under his sternum that threatened to burst forth from the cage of his ribs. To make Ben say he’d been wrong and that he hadn’t wanted to die and that he’d realized it the moment he’d taken the second cut just a stitch too far. Which would have been a lie, and he didn’t want Ben to lie, but neither did he want the truth to be what it was. “I- I didn’t know that you… I…” Hux hugged Ben’s arm to him, where he knew Ben must have been able to feel the way his heart kept time in his chest. Good, Hux thought, let him feel that I’m alive. That he’s alive. That it is absolutely unacceptable for him to be any other way. “I didn’t know that you ever tried… ever tried to…” Two false starts in, Hux almost skipped the words altogether, but somehow, it felt important that he say them. “I didn’t know you had ever tried to kill yourself, but Ben- I’m…” There was the brokenness of tears in his voice when he started again. “I’m so incredibly grateful that you failed - and I know how stubborn you are. That you failed at all is…” It shouldn’t have happened, he knew that. Ben shouldn’t have been here, with him, and if that wasn’t all the proof Hux needed that he had to find something to say that made use of the chance he should never have been given, he didn’t know what was. “That you didn’t do what you set out to do, I don’t know how that happened, because you’re damn near unstoppable, Ben Solo.” He choked on what could have been a sob, had he not caught it in time. “But you did, and you’re here, and goddammit, I know I’m saying all the wrong things - see, I told you I would, I just didn’t think I’d do it so bloody soon…” Hux bit the inside of his cheek to silence his rambling. “But I want you to continue being here, and more than that, I want you to want to continue being here. I told you the apartment is yours, and I want you to explore every nook and cranny of it, to pick a room and make it your own - not, not to sleep in, of course, but maybe for your art, a drawing room, or painting? - to read all the books in the study, at least those that interest you, to get used to the way the city looks in the morning through the windows when you get out of bed. There’s so much for you to do - for us to do together, and you can’t do any of that if you… you know.” “So I know I’ve no right to ask you to make promises you don’t know if you can keep right now,” Hux continued, the words rushing out of him now that he’d started. “But can you at least give me your word that, if ever you feel that way again, you’ll say something? So that we can do all we can to meet it, and mitigate it. To manage it, so that the two of us have the chance to… so that we don’t miss out on all of these things? Or any of them?” “Y-you’re not saying the wrong things!” Ben croaked out, desperately needing to make sure Hux knew at least that. “I’m not-... I’m not at that place now, and I don’t, uhm, I don’t want to be - I want to… I really want to be here, I just… I don’t regret what I did, and I know... I know you’ll need to know what happened at some point, it’s just...it’s so hard to talk about-!” His voice cracked at the end, and he had to try and breathe through a new round of sobs before he could continue. “But I want to stay with you. I’ve never… Y-you’re the first person not to yell at me or leave me for this, and I… It means so much, and I just… I don’t always know how to talk about it, and I’m not… I just need you to understand that I can’t always control this. I’m sick. I have a disorder, and I’m doing what I can to keep it in check, but I won’t ever recover, okay? This is what I’m like . My brain is wired this way, and I’ll get depressed again - and maybe manic too - but I’m trying, I promise I’m trying! ” He dislodged himself a little so he could look at Hux, because right now he needed to be able to read him - needed to have more to go by than just words. Because while words were easy to lie with, faces weren’t. There were always giveaways, and Ben needed to be sure he didn’t miss one. “I want to be with you, but if this is going to work… If there’s going to be an ‘us’ from now on, I… I need you to be clear about things. I need you to tell me things straight up - don’t wrap them up, don’t sugarcoat, just… I won’t always be able to, uhm, to trust you if I don’t understand you, or if I don’t know if you’re keeping things from me. I… I can’t do that. I need… I need you to tell me-” He had to stop to rub some tears away from his eyes as they began to sting too badly. “I need you to tell me what we are, what you want us to be . I can’t do this if I’m just… if I’m just someone you can do this with at home, but pretend not to know when we’re out. I can’t… I can’t do that whole thing of pretending not to be something we really are, and I’m not making any fucking sense right now, and I’m sorry.” He swallowed, daring himself to do the very thing he was by far the worst at; making a demand. “I need you to tell me straight up - no talking around, no sugarcoating, no flowery language - what you want us to be, and what’s going to be expected of me. Because I can’t give you what you want until I know what that is, and if it’s even something I’m capable of. You say you love me, but I don’t know what to do with that if I don’t know what that will look like, you know, in practice. Just… be clear with me, ‘cause I honestly don’t think I have a single trauma left in me. I can’t do all of this again without losing my mind completely, ‘cause-...fuck, I’m just so tired, okay? I’m so, so tired of my brain being like this and always fucking shit up, but I need to know. I need-… I need to know if I can let you in.” Ben’s mouth hadn’t yet closed from speaking when Hux surged forward to kiss him, so hurried that he angled it wrong and knocked their teeth together with a painful clack , his head ringing at the impact. It was, by far, the worst kiss Hux had ever delivered - sloppy and desperate and not even the way his front tooth was smarting was enough to stop it as he sucked on Ben’s lower lip, almost hard enough to bruise. Ben needed words, yes, but Hux… Hux needed action, needed to kiss the extent of his devotion into Ben’s mouth until it was imprinted into his teeth. Until he couldn’t remember a time Hux didn’t want him, because already Hux had forgotten what it was not to. What would being with Ben be like, Hux wondered, as Ben finally responded to the kiss with a demanding, impatient nip to Hux’ lip, a pair of hands planted on Hux’ chest. What would living with the day-to-day of his illness mean for the two of them? What type of relationship would they have? Would Ben ever be able to go off the medication he was on now? Would he ever manage to eat a real meal without it becoming an ordeal? Would Hux ever wake up to Ben touching him with hands that didn’t shake first thing in the morning? Would the two of them ever walk to the cafe on the corner of his block for breakfast - talk there over eggs and coffee, rather than counting out bites from pudding cups until enough was down that he could take his morning round of pills? Would Ben ever accompany him to company dinners, sat at his side while Hux’ hand rested surreptitiously on his thigh under the table, Hux fading into the background as Ben outshined everyone else at the party? Hux didn’t have the answer to any of these questions - to whether their life together would ever look ‘normal.’ But, he decided, as Ben put his knees under him to lean up and into the kiss, nearly knocking Hux over in the process, he didn’t need to. There was nothing to mourn. Whatever he had wanted before this - however he had imagined his life might look - it had all changed since Ben had literally crashed into Hux’ photo-ready existence. He’d come in, turned everything on its head, made a mess of it all - made a home in Hux’ heart - and there was no taking it back now. With Ben, all of Hux’ rules had changed. What could he do but learn to play by them - and why wouldn’t he? The things he was giving up he wouldn’t miss. Normality could go fuck itself, as far as he was concerned, Hux pulling back far enough that his eyes didn’t have to cross to look at Ben’s face. Who needed it? He had Ben, better than any spread Esquire could have laid out of his life before . “You can,” Hux swore, fierce and breathless, and he meant it as much as he’d ever meant anything. “You can let me in. I… the man I was before this… you shouldn’t have. Couldn’t have. He was no one anyone should have trusted. He’s… I’m no one you should trust most of the time, even now. But Ben -” The tears had left Ben’s face red and blotchy, his nose running slightly even after the kiss, his eyes so swollen they looked sore. Hux had never loved him more. “Ben, the person I am when I’m with you… I don’t know him. But…” Hux’ hands twisted helplessly in his lap. “But I think I want to.” The person who called Ben at lunch and picked out foods Ben liked and made an effort to not be so goddamned anal all the time. Who didn’t care if he left a jacket on floor by the coat rack or a half-empty mug of coffee gone cold in the sink. Who was a better friend to Phasma and who remembered to thank Mitaka when he got his Starbucks order just right. Who was someone other than the CEO of Imperial Marketing, something aside from his title, more than his work. That was the person he was when he was with Ben; the rest of it, he’d have to figure out for himself, and he untangled his fingers to take Ben’s hand between his own, a proposal of sorts. “Without you, I - I never will. Thirty-three years and I’ve never even tried.” He breathed in deeply, trying to extinguish the wild fluttering in his chest. “So - love, it would be the greatest privilege of my life to call you my partner in this. In all things. As I’ve already told you, the penthouse is yours. It isn’t a home without you anyway. The cars, well, you haven’t seen much of them yet, but you’re welcome to those too, if you’re so inclined. Even half of Imperial, though I don’t think you’ll want it, pain in the ass that it is. But mostly it’s me you’re signing up for.” The smile on his face was genuine, if tremulous, as he continued. “If you don’t like the word ‘partner’ - if it sounds too much like a business transaction - we can come up with something else, although I’m not altogether sold on referring to you as my boyfriend. Neither of us is in high school anymore.” He gave Ben’s hands a little shake to show the statement had been made in fun, before bringing them up to lay against the side of his face, over his beard. “What do you say, Ben?,” Hux said, trying and failing to keep the nervousness out of his voice. “Does that sound like something you’d like to give a try - terminology notwithstanding, of course.” Ben’s mouth opened and closed a few times, and his exhausted brain tried to process it. Too many words, dammit! There were still too many words, and while he was sure he’d picked up on something that sounded like ‘partner’, and ‘half of’ something, and he was pretty sure the word ‘boyfriend’ had been in there as well, he just couldn’t stick all the stuff together into something coherent. This was something he really hated about his brain; when it ran out of energy, it did so with a vengeance, and in about half a fucking second, leaving him gaping like a fish while trying to piece together words he knew he’d heard a thousand times, but suddenly forgot the meaning of, into something that might actually make sense. His therapist had told him that this was normal, that the depression burned away so much energy that his brain basically ran on empty. Stress made it worse, and he was far from the only one this happened to. Hux was smiling at him, that much he could process. Looked at him like… like he’d put the sun in the sky, despite his eyes being all red and puffy. He’d been crying too? But it was... okay? He was still smiling, holding onto Ben’s hands and letting him cup his face, feel the scratchiness of his beard against his palms. It felt good. He could feel Hux’ smile under his hands, and there… there were no lies. Every last bit of his posture, the look in his eyes, the way he held Ben, the rise and fall of his chest… Hux was happy , because he had Ben in his lap, because he had Ben’s bony hands on his face, Ben’s ugly post-crying face right in front of him. So, obviously whatever it was he’d said had been positive. It had been a good thing. Ben dared a cautious, apologetic smile of his own, and the effect on Hux was immediate; he’d never actually thought a person could beam this bright when they smiled, but Hux did. It made him happy that Ben smiled? Ben wondered if Hux would ever realize how much that meant to him. “I, uhm….” he began, biting his lip and blushing - trying to be brave enough to maintain eye-contact. “I’m sorry I’m like this, but I just… I didn’t really follow what you just, uhm, what you just said. My brain... It’s… I’m sorry if I’m annoying, but, uhm, did… did you just say that you want us to be a c-couple now? T-that we… that we are a couple?” Hux was smiling so hard even his teeth hurt with it, but he didn’t think there was a single thing in the world that could have stopped him as he held Ben’s hand to his cheek. He’d never thought himself unhappy before, had never considered that there might be something more than the rush of acquiring a new client, of hanging a new piece of artwork, bought at an auction, in his penthouse - but that was because he’d never held Ben in his lap, trusting and open for the first time, despite everything his better judgement should have told him. His face could have split open with how widely his mouth turned up, and he shook his head, laughing at his own giddiness. “Yes, Ben, yes ,” he said, his voice overflowing with relief now that it was all out in the open. “We’re a couple.” It was official; Ben was his… his… whatever they were going to call it. They’d worry about that later. What would he tell Phasma? Then again, he thought, maybe he wouldn’t have to worry about it for long. There was no telling whether he would survive the ordeal or whether she would just murder him straight out. But if all he had left was the time until Phasma discovered their newly defined relationship, Hux was going to make the best of it, and he placed his hand on Ben’s face, a mirror of Ben’s on his - let it linger there for a moment before leaning in and kissing Ben once more, chaste this time, just a touch of their lips that ended when Hux brushed them over Ben’s cheek. Ben was having none of it. This was… this was just not something you could tell a person, and then think you could just get away with a peck on the lips. No way . Even Ben knew that! So when Hux pulled away, Ben followed, drawing courage from the happiness, the giddy, silly, stupid, amazing feeling blooming in his chest, burning so strongly he worried he might actually catch fire. He wrapped his arms around Hux’ neck and kissed him with everything he had, because that was at least something he could do even with his piece of shit brain having temporarily forgotten how to use words. Hux really was a very good kisser, and Ben was thankful for that as he took back the lead of it when Ben lost focus for a second - distracted by the sense of comfort that came with Hux pulling him close again. Eventually, and very much to his displeasure, air really started to become a necessity, and when they parted, Ben burrowed back down against Hux’ chest - iron grip not loosening even a little as he closed his eyes and allowed himself to relish the feeling of belonging. He did belong now. There was a place in the world for him, and it was right here. He was allowed to have this. Not just… not just the space of the penthouse, not just Hux’ attention and affection, but this moment . He was allowed to actually let himself relax and not worry about this being taken away from him. The silence was comfortable, Hux’ hands gently playing with his hair, rubbing circles and little patterns on his back, and Ben let his mind just… rest. But the downside of being as skinny as he was, was that he wasn’t very comfortable for himself to lie on, and eventually he had to adjust himself a bit to avoid accidentally bruising himself by means of a bony elbow or knee. As he did, he took the opportunity to press a kiss to the side of Hux’ neck. “I like the word ‘partner’ ,” he murmured, feeling like he should at least try to contribute something to the process of defining what they were. “Feels, you know, equal. I… I’d like that.” He kissed the same spot again, nuzzling Hux’ skin. “Just don’t call me your lover or anything. That sounds weird, like it’s just… you know, sex.” They were quiet again for a while, Ben having let himself relax to a point where he felt almost like a blanket rather than a person - but he’d really drained himself of all energy, and Hux was warm and solid, and the spot by his collarbone where Ben had snuggled close smelled very good, and Hux’ arms kept him there; tucked away between the backrest and Hux’ body, safe from the rest of the world - and he knew he might actually end up falling asleep like this. Home , he thought. This is home. This. With him. “Hux?” he mumbled, not even trying to lift his head - refusing to, as a matter of fact. Hux gave a small hum in reply, and Ben smiled. “I… you know, I love you too.” --- Time slipped away from them after that. Hux hadn’t slept the entire night before, having spent it wandering down cold streets, looking for answers that had been right in front of him all along, and eventually, he began to dose too - not really sleeping, but somewhere between awake and dreaming, letting his eyes close only to open them again a few minutes later to remind himself that the warm weight across his legs truly was Ben. That all of this was real, and that, if he hadn’t been the luckiest man in New York before this, he certainly was now. Maybe in the whole of the world. At some in the early afternoon, Millicent came to join them, curling up in the hollow left by the bend of Ben’s knees and purring against Hux’ ankle, where his slacks had ridden up above his socks. Apparently, he thought, stifling a laugh so as not wake Ben - he needed the sleep, the poor boy - she had forgiven him as soon as Ben had. He never once thought about calling Imperial, not even when his phone started vibrating from the other side of the coffee table, instead asking Beru to increase the volume on Rachmaninov’s Symphony No. 2 until she drowned it out, his hands occupied with running strands of Ben’s hair through his fingers. By the time Ben finally woke, the sun was sinking lower in the sky, the mid-December days the shortest of the year, and Hux’ lower half had long gone numb, except for the gradually increasing pressure in his bladder. They roused just enough that Hux was able to limp to the restroom and call for dinner (studiously ignoring the list of missed calls demanding his attention). When it arrived, they ate it right there on the sofa, the television on in the background, while Ben stretched out between Hux’ legs, resting against his chest as Hux broke off bites of his favorite sushi for him to eat. It was the most perfect day Hux could remember having, the sense of calm that pervaded the penthouse reminiscent of the quiet spaces in between words, and when, at the end of it, Ben commented dreamily that he thought the living area could really do with a Christmas tree and all the best ones were going to be picked through if he waited much longer, Hux couldn’t have denied him anything. Not with how soft and satisfied Ben’s face was in the low light. It was high time he got Ben out of the apartment, he supposed, and there was still the small matter of introducing him to the fleet of sports cars he now had half-ownership of. And Hux hadn’t yet taken such leave of his senses that he said it out loud, but well… he’d never taken Ben on a proper first date, had he? Notes: Congratulations to the happy couple! Though if you thought Ben was a damsel in distress without a will of his own, well... not so much. He's just been sorely in need of someone capable of actually listening. Someone, one might say, like Hux. Tell us how you feel about that - we wanna know! Reach out to Loke (ficlet-machine) or Cat (thegoodlannister), both on tumblr. Or come see both of us, if you're feeling especially ambitious. Chapter 15 Notes: No trigger warnings apply for this chapter, other than a brief mention of a (past) car accident. Happy very late holidays, everyone! Hux’ gloved hand rested on the steering wheel, leather squeaking together when he made the first hard right turn out of the city. The interior of the Mustang GT 500 was all custom upholstered in rich, deep brown, the plush leather seats heated with a press of the key fob before they’d ever stepped foot outside the apartment. He had the window open just a crack, enough to let the bracing wind in to ruffle his hair - it just wasn’t a drive without it, as far as he was concerned - and he turned to Ben, gauging whether he was warm enough. The weather was warmer this afternoon than it had been, the sun burning off the chill and fogging the windshield, and the heater in this thing worked like a charm, pumping enough warm air that he’d maneuvered himself out of his peacoat only a few minutes after they’d gotten on the road. It was Ben who tended toward coldness, but when he smiled back at Hux, he too was loosening the plum scarf at his throat, the flush on his cheeks the product of happiness and artificial heat, rather than the chill. They were at a comfortable coasting speed now, the congestion of the traffic breaking up enough that Hux was content to take his hand off the shifter and place it on Ben’s thigh, giving it a quick squeeze before letting it settle there. He’d kick it up once they had truly left New York behind, really show Ben what his baby could do. The thought sent up a flutter in Hux’ stomach that made him feel half a teenager again; he didn’t know if Ben was the type to be impressed by the squeal of tires on pavement, but he hoped so. While Ben hadn’t talked much about cars, he looked at Hux’ collection appreciatively enough - and when Hux had asked which car he wanted to take for their outing today, Ben’s eyes had flickered toward this one. Hux had to admire the boy’s taste; it was a good choice. The Mustang wasn’t the most expensive of his cars - not by far - nor was it the most extravagant, or perhaps not even the fastest. But it was Hux’ favorite: a Ford, royal blue, paint embossed with iridescent flecks of gold. Where the rest of his fleet was made up of imports - custom-ordered and brought over by boat only after Hux had made brief trips to Italy or Germany to choose their coloring and upholstering and to give them a test-drive before delivering payment - this one had been conceived right here in the United States. Yes, he thought, steadying the wheel with a knee when the sun flashed in the rear-view mirror and he had to let go to dig in the console for his sunglasses, there was something about the Mustang that felt… down-to-earth. Sturdy. Like the city he had called home for the past almost three decades. He never felt more the self-made businessman than when he sat behind the wheel of this car, driving gloves on his hands and sunglasses shielding his eyes. While it was more convenient to rely on his town car his while in the confines of the city - there was hardly a man who knew the streets better than his driver - being chauffeured would never give him the freedom of driving for himself. Of the open road under his tires and a 600 horsepower engine under his hood, unfamiliar trees and homes that sprawled like none in New York speeding past windows left open to let in air that smelled of something other than concrete and street food. Something crisp and cool and undefinable. As he slipped the glasses on his face, he couldn’t help but grin widely in Ben’s direction, and Hux pressed down on the gas, revving the engine once, just because he could. The sound sent a spike of exhilaration up and through him, like it always did, though Ben jumped a little, his hand gripping at the seat. “You doing alright, darling?” Hux asked, chuckling apologetically, and he tightened his hold on Ben’s thigh until he saw his grip on the seat loosen. It took Ben a moment, but eventually, he gave a nod Hux deemed acceptable and relaxed fully, his hand coming to rest on top of Hux’ and holding on. “Don’t worry - it just gets better from here.” And wasn’t it the truth? He and Ben had only been “official” for a couple of days, but already Hux knew he wouldn’t trade it for the world. If he thought it had been a dream to have Ben in his bed before, now… well, now his getting to go to bed with Ben at night was his reason for getting up in the morning at all. Where before he’d relegated himself to his side of the bed, now he and Ben bundled into the middle, taking up only a third of the king-sized mattress, Ben’s head pillowed on his chest, right where it should be. His head, they’d learned, fit perfectly under Hux’ chin, and Hux would rub his beard along it, mussing Ben’s hair and then dropping apologetic kisses over the mess, before doing it all over again, and while there was no need for a bed so large when the two of them slept so closely intertwined, Hux would never have dreamt of purchasing a smaller one. He had plans for making use of the space later on. That first night had been difficult. He’d thought Ben wouldn’t be tired after spending most of the day asleep, but he was still so exhausted when the time had come to move to the bedroom that the only reason Hux hadn’t carried him the whole way was his insistence that he was capable of walking - though his movements were so uncoordinated and clumsy that they didn’t do much to prove his point. Half-way there, Hux had swept him up into his arms, and once he was laid on the bed, legs dangling over the edge of it, had undressed him for the first time, hesitating at the drawstring of the sweatpants Ben wore. Had run his finger over the waistband, asking if Ben was sure - and in the fantasies he now knew were about Ben, this was where Ben told him yes, he was sure, he wanted this, wanted Hux, prompting Hux to lean down and kiss his way down the outline of Ben’s cock, already half-hard, before unwrapping him completely. But it hadn’t been one of Hux’ fantasies, and there’d been no hint of arousal as Ben had nodded, shimmying to help Hux ease the sweatpants off, all soothing touches at the curve of his hip. He had only been half-exposed, the sweatpants only part-way down his thighs before he threw his forearm over his eyes and turned his head so that it was buried in the pillow, unable to look at Hux anymore. When the shame burned a dark swath over his chest where Hux had removed his tee-shirt, he had ghosted a touch over the place where Ben’s skin, near translucent here it was so rarely exposed, disappeared under his boxers. Hux hadn’t taken it personally that there had been no sign of interest from Ben’s cock, because that wasn’t why they were here anyway. There would be time for that later, and that night, in light Ben had insisted Hux dim enough that he could barely make out the outline of his profile, Hux had disregarded it entirely, instead focused on traversing the scarred terrain of Ben’s thighs with the pads of his fingers, Ben gasping at each light touch, nails scrabbling at the bedsheets. Hux hadn’t needed to ask to know that he’d done it to keep from asking Hux to stop. The flesh there would have been sensitive anyway, but it had been made more so by years of abuse, goosebumps following the path of Hux’ touch wherever the skin had not been so damaged that it prevented them, his thighs trembling, muscles tensing under the attention, no matter how slowly Hux went, telling Ben in between each movement of his hands where he’d be touching him next. With years of his private suffering laid out before him, finally Hux had understood Ben’s hesitation; the worst of it had been saved for here rather than displayed on his arms, some of the scars reminiscent of the strange, roughened skin left behind when burns healed, and though Hux had promised not to look, that was all he’d promised not to do. So there’d been no reason he couldn’t close his eyes and sink to his knees beside the bed, couldn’t put his face down into the fold of Ben’s thigh, where he’d felt a particularly fresh injury, perhaps a day or two old, and blow warm air across it until Ben was a shivering mess, the nerves of his leg jumping with every intake of Hux’ breath. No reason he couldn’t pepper kisses first over that one and then let his lips find every other he could reach, hands splayed on the insides of Ben’s knees, keeping them open - firmly, but with enough give that Ben could still have closed them, had he wanted to. He hadn’t, even when he’d gasped and turned his head from side to side, hair rustling against the pillow, as Hux’ searching lips snagged on a scab still in the early stages of healing. Each kiss had been an assurance pressed into his skin that there was no scar Ben could have shown him that was capable of changing how much Hux wanted him - and, in the morning, when Ben had scrambled out of bed, overtop a Hux who was only half as asleep as he pretended to be, he’d done so in just his boxers. He’d only put his sweatpants back on later, when the air in the apartment proved too cold for anything else, had barely even flinched when, before that, Hux came up behind him while he was making tea to trail a hand down the outside of his thigh. If that was a sign of things to come, Hux thought, it was a good one. He might not have taken Ben’s boxers off that night - hadn’t yet at all - but that was alright. At least to him. Ben, still, was more impatient, more insistent that they move things along, but Hux delighted in the touches he only let stray far enough to tease, even if his own cock took issue with them. As predicted, he was learning to appreciate cold showers with a renewed vigor - because being tempted by Ben meant Ben was close enough to tempt him, Hux waking with Ben glued to his side, sweat sticking their skin together. His mouth fell open when he slept deeply, Hux noted, and really, he shouldn’t have been as endeared to that as he was. Certainly shouldn’t have found it desirable , but you could try telling that to his dick, which was quick to spring to life whenever Ben did that lip-smacking thing that meant he was close to waking up. (And perhaps that was a common thing people did, but it had been a long time since he’d stuck around long enough to find out what his lovers did or didn’t look like waking up.) Hux couldn’t think of a single thing about Ben that he didn’t desire, not that he was complaining. Really, it was the most pleasurable problem he’d ever faced. He expected eventually his libido would get ahold of itself and he’d stop acting like an overeager adolescent - but he didn’t have evidence to prove that hypothesis yet, as he’d had to give his cock a stern talking to about their intentions when he’d bundled a warm and pliant Ben out of bed early (for the two of them) this Sunday morning and instructed him to dress warmly for an outing that was, for all intents and purposes, a date. Hux hadn’t been on a date in years. Thirty-three year old men didn’t go on dates, despite Phasma’s attempts to convince him otherwise - but as he’d researched the small tea shop he would take Ben to that afternoon to get them out of the car for a while, he’d known that was exactly what he was planning. When the traffic fell away entirely, revealing a stretch of road lined on both sides by bare-branched trees against a clear and cloudless winter sky, the frost that had clung to them earlier in the day all but melted away only to settle there again as soon as the sun set, a familiar sense of possibility opened up in Hux’ chest - made somehow greater by the sense of Ben next to him, the spicy aroma of his own aftershave more enticing on Ben than it ever had been on him. Anything was possible out here, the salted pavement broken up only by the occasional slow-moving car that Hux found it easy enough to navigate around, and his foot twitched on the accelerator, itching for speed. Thannison didn’t tease him about being a regular Mario Andretti for nothing; he couldn’t let the name go unwarranted, and he tested his breaks, pumping them once and grinning to himself when there was no slide of his tires. Good, the pavement was clear, then - no trace of ice. “So,” Hux gave Ben’s knee another shake, then withdrew his hand from Ben’s hold, a wicked smile on his face as he looked at him out of the corner of his eye. “What do you say we let her loose? Show you what she’s really capable of?” He didn’t give Ben a chance to answer, the speed limit sign they’d just passed nothing more than a suggestion as Hux griped the shifter and slid seamlessly into the next gear. When the tires of the Mustang let out a pleased squeal, the steering wheel maneuvering easily in his grip, Hux breathed deep, let the air burn his lungs. It was no use holding her back; this car had been made for this, and so had he. Ben was beginning to think he might have made a mistake when - out of that entire fleet of cars - he went and picked the Mustang instead of something a little less… aggressive . But Mustangs were not only one of the few makes Ben actually knew anything about, they just so happened to be his very favourite ones. There was just something about them he liked, and Hux’ car was absolutely beautiful. Hux himself had been as giddy as a little school boy all morning, going on and on about his precious cars, and all of their specifics, and how he couldn’t wait to take Ben for a drive in all of them - how he couldn’t wait to let Ben drive them - and in hindsight Ben should probably have recognized the warning signs. Because when Ben had shyly indicated that he’d like to try the Mustang, Hux had grinned like a fucking shark , promising that Ben was going to ‘absolutely love her.’ Han had had the same look on his face all those years ago when Leia finally deemed Ben old enough to go with him for a ride in his ‘69 Dodge Charger - his love for which rivaled his love for Leia - and Ben couldn’t remember a time he’d been more scared. But Hux had looked so happy, so eager, and well… Hux was Hux. The epitome of control and responsibility - in most aspects of life, at least. Ben might not be the one to trust other people’s driving skills the first time he rode with them, but he trusted Hux. And this was the man who folded his underwear before putting them in the laundry, for fuck’s sake - surely he wouldn’t do anything that would put his precious car at risk of scratches? He was a responsible, mature adult. How bad could it be? The answer was apparently ‘ very bad .’ Because just as Ben was about to ask what exactly he meant by ‘let her loose,’ the g-force pressed him into the seat like some giant vice, not allowing him to move more than maybe a finger or two. Apparently, Hux liked going fast. Really fast. There was probably a very nice view outside the windows, but Ben really wouldn’t know - because it was all a blur, and then Ben had to focus on keeping his stomach from climbing up his throat. What was with guys and trying to drive fast enough to break the fucking sound barrier? There must obviously have been some sort of memo he’d missed growing up, because this was not funny at all to him. It was just too fast. Everything was blurry, and his stomach lurched uncomfortably with every sharp turn in the road, and then he was hit with a barrage of memories, fractured thoughts, feelings. Oh . He’d almost forgotten about that time, but apparently his brain and body had not. Flashes went through his mind: autumn, a wet road, the roaring of the Charger’s engine, screeching tyres, Han cursing, and suddenly they’d been streaking across the road, narrowly missing oncoming traffic, before coming to a very sharp stop in a ditch. Ben’s neck hurt at the memory of the way the seat-belt had cut the momentum short, causing his neck to do some really scary sort of snap. He hadn’t been hurt - only a few bruises from the belt, and some pain in his back and neck that eventually went away - but he could remember how scared he was. And what was worse, he remembered how scared Han had been, how not in control he’d been - Han, who was the best driver Ben knew in the entire world - and how that had just made everything so much scarier. He hadn’t been allowed to go in the Charger again for years - hadn’t wanted to, either. When Han finally gave up on it and sold it off, Ben had been relieved. He could feel his heart racing, the panic building up as his brain failed to tell the difference between then and now, and cold sweat began prickling his brows. It was becoming harder to breathe, it felt like the air just wouldn’t go down, he breaths got shorter, quicker, and he started feeling really dizzy. “Hux!” he wheezed. “Pull the fuck over! Right now!” The rush of his blood was so loud in his ears he couldn’t make out if he’d sounded panicked or angry, but whichever it was did the trick. Hux gave him one quick glance, and then the Mustang slowed down, sliding smoothly off the road and into one of those little parking spots that were always found on both sides of it. Ben was out of the car before Hux had even managed to turn the engine off; he needed air right away, or he’d pass out. Adrenaline was making him all shaky and restless, and he wrapped his arms around himself, gripping his jacket tightly as he paced back and forth, trying to shake the panic and images off. He heard the door on the driver’s side open and close, and Hux’ worried face appeared at the corner of his vision. “Ben, love, what’s the matter? Are you alright?” he asked, and Ben would have had better luck trying to stop an avalanche than his own snappy side at that moment. “No, I’m not alright!” he hissed, running a shaking hand through his hair. “Don’t ever do that again! Don’t-! Just, just fucking don’t! I don’t care how good a driver you think you are, we could have-! It’s December! What if we hit an icy patch, huh? If-if someone else did, and crashed into us? Jesus Christ, Hux! I thought I was the suicidal one here!” Still across the pavement from Ben, Hux stopped short, taken aback at the ferocity of Ben’s words. He’d never heard Ben sound so angry with him - even when he’d deserved it - and when Hux opened his mouth to defend himself, no sound came out. He didn’t understand - he was an excellent driver. Sports cars had been a hobby of his since he had been old enough to drive them; even as a teenager, he’d been allowed use of his father’s cars (though the man hadn’t had half the selection Hux did now), and he’d received his first pair of driving gloves as a gift while still in high school, before he’d been enrolled in his first driving lessons. He’d been 15 then - now he was 33. Ben had nothing to worry about; Hux would have done nothing that would put him danger. Certainly Ben had to know that. “Ben,” Hux started, taking a step closer to him. In the background, the engine of the Mustang still hummed pleasantly while tufts of white clouded up from the tailpipe, the smell of burning oil a familiar one. He hadn’t bothered to take the key from the ignition before clamoring out of the seat, though he’d at least had enough presence of mind to set the emergency brake. “You have to know I would never do anything to endanger either one of us. I do have some sense of self-preservation, you know - and leaving that aside, I’d sell each one of these cars six times over before seeing you hurt.” He ventured near enough that he could lay a hand on Ben’s elbow, stopping his pacing, though he was still vibrating with the need to move. “I’m - I know what I’m doing, I promise. I.. at the risk of sounding full of myself…” Hux shook his head, biting his tongue on what he was going to say next. That was a risk he took far too often, and he could hardly afford it now. “I enjoy driving fast - probably too fast, you’re right about that. But I am rather good at it. I’ve been doing this for 17 years, and I haven’t crashed yet.” His eyes softened as he looked at Ben. The warmth from the sun was pleasant on his shoulders, heating the fabric of his shirt, and even though he’d abandoned his coat on the seat of the car, only a few goosebumps prickled on his bare arms where he’d rolled his sleeves up. Ben, however, looked chilled now, hugging himself fiercely, long fingers digging into the sleeves of his jacket. The sight made Hux feel both very, very guilty, and very, very stupid. “Still, that doesn’t excuse my scaring you. I shouldn’t have done that without asking. Or at least warning you. I just thought it would be nice… I just wanted…” Hux let out a whoosh of breath that froze in the air and adjusted his hold so Ben’s elbow was cradled in his palm. “I suppose I just wanted to impress you. I mean, that’s rather the typical thing, isn’t it?” He gave a self-deprecating half-smile, hoping it would be enough that Ben would take pity on him. “You take your date out on a drive in the finest car you own and drop her into gear and before you know it, they’re so flustered and won over that you’re pulling off the road to go at it like teenagers in the backseat?” Having said it out loud, it all sounded rather pathetic, and Hux winced expressively, giving a little shrug. “I must admit, this isn’t exactly what I’d had in mind.” They were pulled over alright, but that was the only part he’d gotten right. Ben was giving him the cold shoulder, and rightly so - this had been Hux’ first chance not to fuck something up in their relationship, and look what he’d done with it. “Would it -” and Hux shuddered when a gust of wind cut through that reminded him that they were, in fact, standing on the side of the road in mid-December. Even if it was unseasonably warm this afternoon, they couldn’t stay out here forever. If Ben would ever set foot inside a car with him again, that was. “Would it help if I said I was sorry for once again managing to be a great bloody idiot where you’re concerned?” Ben tried to keep glaring at him, he really did. But Hux just looked so damn embarrassed that it made Ben embarrassed for yelling at him. And… had Hux just said he’d wanted to impress him? Like Ben’s opinion on his driving skills was important to him? Like he wanted Ben’s approval? Had he just admitted he’d been hoping to seduce Ben into making out in the backseat, riding the adrenaline high that came both from the speed and from the risk of being seen by passersby? Because Ben wouldn’t have minded that. Not at all. Sure, getting into the backseat would have been a bit of a challenge, and he had no idea how they’d both fit-... and he really should keep his focus on the present situation. Because Hux’ driving had still freaked him out, and he was decidedly not okay with that. Speed might be a thing for other people, but after that incident with Han, it wasn’t for Ben. If there was ever a good time to make that clear, it was now. Worming his way into Hux’ arms and hiding his head in his favourite spot - a little worried about how cold Hux felt against him - he took a moment to inhale the scent of Hux’ skin, calming himself, smiling when he felt Hux pull him close and hold him tight. “I don’t like going too fast,” he said. “I, uhm… when I was a kid, my, uhm, my dad took me for a drive, and… we crashed. He was - is - a really good driver, but it didn’t matter shit that day. Okay? Ever since, I… I just don’t like it. It scares me. I remember what happened, and I panic, and I just… If- if you wanna go for a drive with me, please don’t go this fast again. Please ? I’m not scared of cars, or driving, I just… not this fast. I, uhm, I like road trips and stuff, and I like looking at stuff we pass by. I just can’t do the speed thing. Okay?” “Alright, darling,” Hux promised, laying his chin on top of Ben’s head. “No more 24 Hours of Nurburgring impersonations, you have my word.” Ben nodded, and they were quiet for a while. Then his brain replayed Hux’ earlier words, and he couldn’t stop himself from giggling. “You wanted to seduce me,” he teased, grinning when he saw the blush creep up along Hux’ neck and disappear under his beard. “You do know that kissing me usually works just fine, right?” Embarrassed, Hux buried his face in Ben’s hair, fighting down the flush he could feel heating his skin, his cheeks burning in contrast to the chill air. “Well, you can’t blame a man for trying, can you?” Affection made his voice full, a bubble of perplexed laughter rising in his throat. How was it that Ben could do this to him? Could so easily unbuild what he had taken so long to put together - the defenses whose foundation had been laid when he was not yet old enough to drive the cars he now collected? It was something Hux hadn’t figured out yet and that he suspected would remain a mystery for the rest of his life as he hugged Ben to him, his fingers splayed across the supple leather of Ben’s jacket. “I’m usually so much better at this,” he said wistfully, speaking into Ben’s hair, letting it tickle his nose. “Not that I’ve given you any reason to believe it, but I was known to be quite irresistible in my day.” Back before Ben had turned him into a stammering mess who was more like to give the boy he loved a heart attack than he was to win him over. What had been a slight chill was quickly becoming uncomfortable the longer they stood outside the car, and the heat inside the Mustang beckoned as he rubbed his gloved hands over Ben’s back, savoring the friction. “I don’t suppose I still have a chance at this whole ‘seducing you’ thing, do I? I mean, now that I’ve given away my intentions?” When Hux’ head moved up and down with the momentum of Ben’s nod, he could do nothing but grin, again into Ben’s hair, and after another quick squeeze, he let Ben go to open the passenger side door, which Ben had slammed behind him in his panic. “Your chariot awaits,” he said with a little bow, accompanied by a smile that he hoped was appropriately roguish as he ushered Ben back into the heated interior. Not his best line, a little on the corny side - but Ben didn’t seem to mind it, settling into the seat obligingly. Once he had, Hux reached across his lap to latch the buckle of his seatbelt before Ben could do it for himself, allowing his hand to just graze the inside of Ben’s thigh as he did so, lingering only long enough that he could be sure Ben had taken note of it. The touch there and then gone, so quick it might been an accident. Hux hadn’t used a move that cliche since high school - he hadn’t had to, the money usually did all the hard work for him - but after all these years, the thrill it gave him was the same, a spark of desire stirring deep in his belly at touching someone in so intimate a place in so innocent a manner. ...especially if that person was Ben, who sucked in a shaky breath at the brief contact, stiffening, his fingers again clutching at the seat, but for an entirely different - and, Hux hoped, more pleasant - reason this time. Hux let out a gruff chuckle that froze immediately, his hand now trailing down Ben’s chest under the guise of checking that the seatbelt wasn’t too tight. He knew it wasn’t, of course - but, well, once could never be too careful, and he fit his palm underneath of the strap where it rested over Ben’s collarbone, testing. Stretching it - as well as the boundaries of his restraint - before letting it snap back into place, the sound loud in the silence of the roadside. Once Ben’s breathing had started to speed up, and Hux could see no trace of the fear that had colored his features when he’d sprung from the car, he withdrew, standing up from where he had leaned down inside of the door and brushing his palms off on the legs of his pants smartly, apparently disaffected. “There we go,” he quipped, just a little wolfishly, as he leaned against the door, propped up against the window, his hands shoved into his pockets. “See? No funny business, scout’s honor.” Not that he had ever been a scout; the ROTC had been as far as it had went for him. Still, he knew the words were as much a threat as a promise. At least as long as Ben found the idea of some ‘funny business’ as enticing as he did - and judging from the working of his throat, he very much did. The ride after that was quiet, the Mustang hugging tight to the inside of the curves in the road under Hux’ practiced hand, tires traveling smoothly over pavement that remained well-cleared, though shiny with melted slush in spots, while Sinatra’s deep vocals drifted out from the speakers. Pleased with the selection, Hux turned it up - while Ben hadn’t come to him a fan of big band music, he’d taken to it quickly, his foot tapping against the floorboards, and Hux hummed along with the radio as he drove. He was well within the speed limit this time, one hand on the wheel, the other skirting up Ben’s thigh, past where he had touched him earlier, lingering on new denim and, just once, touching the cool metal of the zipper of Ben’s jeans, before returning to the safety of inside of Ben’s knee, Hux’ heart hammering as hard as if he’d been driving at 100 miles per hour, the exhilaration just as sweet. This was better, he decided, when Ben squirmed in his seat, swallowing hard, as Sinatra waxed poetic about the “same old dream,” and Hux almost threw his head back and laughed. What did old Frank know of dreams anyway? He’d never known Ben, never known he was the one who was able to take him apart with just the promise of a touch, and if Hux never again took a curve with enough speed behind him that it was only his belief in his own skill that convinced him he’d make it with both the car and himself intact, he’d never need to. He had this, the kind of headrush you couldn’t pay for . When Hux spotted a road just off the main highway whose entrance was secluded by a cluster of trees on either side, he slowed the Mustang to a crawl and pulled in - just off the pavement and onto the grass - Ben looking at him questioningly. “Hux...?” he asked, squinting in the sunlight that dappled through the few leaves left on the trees, as Hux engaged the emergency brake, then took the key from the ignition to deposit it in the pocket of his slacks. This was ridiculous, insane, and yet when Hux leaned across the console, undoing Ben’s seatbelt for him, the shifter digging uncomfortably into his side, this time there could be no mistaking his intentions. Ben had actually thought for a moment there, that they wouldn’t really do this - that Hux’ teasing had been just that: teasing, a little revenge for Ben poking fun at him. But with Hux’ hands going in some very interesting places, at the same time as he pulled Ben into a kiss that would have had him weak enough in the knees to lose the ability to stand if he hadn’t already been sitting down, he realized that oh yes , this was happening. He was actually making out with Hux, in a super expensive car. Right by the side of the road . The spark of arousal rushing through him, the thrill of it, had him groaning into the kiss as he let his own hands wander wherever they wanted. Hux obviously enjoyed it, and for a while they were caught in a frenzy of messy kissing, hands gripping, pulling, caressing, teasing, no words exchanged - only whimpers, groans, and the occasional hiss. He had never been this blatantly desired before, and Ben was reeling from the effect it had on him as Hux’ hands found their way under his shirt, under his waistband - his beard scratching against his neck, followed by his teeth, by the smooth warmth of his tongue. Hux let one hand run down over his hip, onto the inside of his thigh, fingers digging into it, before letting it settle right over Ben’s dick - causing Ben to gasp and whimper, and the low growl that escaped Hux at his reaction was the single sexiest thing Ben had ever heard. Sexy enough that he damn near came on the spot as Hux gently moved his hand, rubbing over his arousal, applying just enough pressure to stimulate but not enough to take it further. He seemed too damn pleased with himself, Ben thought, as he felt Hux smile against his neck, before continuing to torture him. This wouldn’t do. Two could play this game, and Hux wasn’t the only one with a few tricks up his sleeve. Ben let his hands sneak their way to Hux’ waistband, pulling his shirt up so they could sneak under it, his nails dragging lightly over his chest. Hux’ breath hitched, and he stopped for a second before collecting himself enough to continue. Encouraged, Ben let one hand keep up the gentle teasing there, while the other moved downwards to mimic what Hux’ own was doing to Ben. Hux was every bit as hard as he was, and when Ben applied a little more pressure, he completely lost track of what he was doing, biting back what Ben guessed would have been a very lovely sound, by digging his teeth into Ben’s shoulder with a muffled groan. Ben smiled, and just as he felt Hux’ hips start to move along with his motions, Ben pulled away. The noise Hux made was absolutely beautiful. Kissing his red hair, Ben ran a finger along his jawline, nudging his face upward so they could look each other in the eyes. Hux’ eyes had darkened to a deep mossy green, pupils blown wide from the desire running through them both. He looked absolutely dumbstruck when Ben gave the widest, most mischievous grin he could, then gave Hux a chaste peck on the lips and pulled back. “What?” he asked innocently. “You did say you wanted to be a gentleman about this. I’m just trying to help you out.” “Wha-?” Hux looked up dazedly, his body failing to immediately register the loss of contact over his groin as his hips continued to seek out the stimulation, moving restlessly, entirely without his permission. The area where Ben’s hand had just been palming him through the fabric of his pants now felt cold, bereft, his dick abandoned without so much as a second thought, and Hux bit down on the whine that threatened to escape him. He would not chase Ben’s lips in a desperate bid for just another nip from Ben’s chipped front tooth; he would not. Not while he still had any pride left at all, goddammit! “You - you… are you bloody insane, Ben?” he groused, eyes fluttering closed as Ben’s finger traced down the underside of his chin, where the flesh was so delicate his beard refused to grow. “You could kill a man this way!” His voice was strained, his composure as rumpled as the collar of his shirt, as he ran a trembling hand through his hair, his pulse leaping in his throat. Ben didn’t look sorry in the slightest; in fact, he looked quite pleased with himself, smirking with swollen lips, a bruise that fit the line of Hux’ teeth rising on his collarbone, marking him. Damning him. His shirt would cover it once it was buttoned again, but Ben would feel it there all the same. He was, Hux thought, as Ben ducked his head, the cat that got the canary, debauched and far too wicked for his own good, even through the flush that started at his prominent ears. Hux wanted Ben in ways he hadn’t thought it was possible to want a person, every strip of his skin left exposed a merciless taunt, and when he looked up at Hux through hair that fell into his eyes and sucked his bottom lip in between his teeth, the blood pulsed so hard in Hux’ dick that he could have come from a touch alone. Instead, he let out a strangled laugh, forcing himself to focus on the way the shifter cut into the corner of his ass, on how quickly the Mustang was losing heat now that it was no longer running, the activities he and Ben had shared fogging up the windows. Anything to distract from the heavy ache between his legs begging for Ben’s attention. Pride - what was that? And when had he last seen any evidence of his? Hux was undone, ready to spill in his pants like the 13-year-old boy he’d once been, learning his sexuality from glimpses of boys in his high school locker room and tugging at his dick without finesse every moment his father was at the office and he could lock himself away in his room. By all rights Ben should have seen his distress and taken pity on him, but with his long limbs folded into the seat of Hux’ Mustang, he was ruthless. Barbaric, even, doing nothing to disguise his own arousal, even as embarrassment just tinged his cheeks, making him look somehow younger than his 25 years, barely legal - which made it all the worse. “What the hell happened to the sweet, innocent thing I brought home?” Hux muttered, shaking his head in amazement and consternation, not yet willing to dislodge his chin from Ben’s hold. He relished the pull of his beard on Ben’s palm too much for that, grateful when Ben’s hand followed the motion of his head. Ben bit his lip again, but he didn’t relinquish that damned smirk. “I think we lost him somewhere around that third turn you took. Seems he couldn’t handle the speed,” he said - and apparently Hux had, because when he went in for another kiss, Ben turned his head so that Hux caught only his cheek, lips landing on skin that had been shaved baby smooth. He cursed internally, stomach sinking in disappointment - while he’d never turn down a kiss from Ben, that hadn’t been anything like the kind of kiss he’d been hungering for. But if Ben was out to ensure that Hux never tried to impress him by driving like an idiot again, well, he’d done his job - because Hux, a pout on his lips, had learned his lesson. --- Once they’d both regained their composure - Hux still a bit perplexed by the turn of events, and Ben still grinning like a cat that just caught the fattest mouse in history - they went back on the road, and Hux made very sure to stay within speed limits while Ben enjoyed the view from his window. As much as they could both have spent the entire day like this, they did have a mission, and Ben was looking forward to it - his obvious giddiness only increasing with each passing minute. While Ben wasn’t overly fond of Christmas - or, at least hadn’t been until now - he had always had a great love for a properly decorated house. To wake up in the morning, while it was still dark outside, enjoying the soft coloured lights and sparkling decorations. There was just something about it that made him feel a deep sense of contentment he usually struggled to find. The process of getting all the stuff set up just right was in itself one of his favourite things - it was like magic, and he never ceased to be amazed at how it could completely transform a house in just a day. But the tree was the most important bit. Ben could spend Christmas in a reed hut, as long as there was a tree. And Hux had promised him that he’d get to pick out the best one at the lot, and that they would get as many decorations as Ben wanted. Though he was pretty sure Hux had no idea what he had agreed to, he no less loved him for it. They had already decided where to put it, and Ben had a lot of space to work with; Hux’ - no, their - living room was so huge that any sort of regular sized tree would just look ridiculous, and given Hux’ more spartan approach to interior decoration, they could get away with far more decorations than Ben had ever been allowed to play around with before. The process of picking the right tree went unexpectedly smoothly; Ben saw it the second they entered the lot, and after a quick inspection, he deemed it suitable - leaving Hux to take care of the whole process of getting it back to the apartment. It would have to be delivered - it was way too big to go with them, and besides, it would probably only have scratched the paint on Hux’ car. It wasn’t until Hux asked how Ben wanted to go about acquiring everything else that it seemed to sink in that they were not just ordering them from somewhere. As far as Ben was concerned, there was a right way and a wrong way to do this, and Hux found himself completely without any say in the matter as they pulled into the parking lot of Restoration Hardware. Within the first few minutes, Hux found himself on cart-pushing duty - apparently Ben didn’t trust him with more than that - while Ben himself very swiftly and methodically scanned the place for everything he needed. Ben knew that his vision for the apartment in general, and the Christmas tree in particular, would probably not be the stuff one would feature in any sort of magazine - but he didn’t care. As far as he was concerned, colour and sparkles were all that mattered. Sure, he had decided on a primary colour for every room, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try to get as many other colours in there as he could. It wasn’t supposed to look like a design magazine, it was supposed to look like a home, and Hux would just have to trust him on this, because Ben loved colour. It helped his mood, and made him feel both more inspired and more at home, and Hux could hardly argue against that, now could he? Ben wasn’t sure where this cocky side of his had come from, but it seemed that Hux genuinely enjoyed it when he showed a bit of attitude, and Ben thought it might be okay for him to test the boundaries a bit. After all, he’d confessed to occasionally being suicidal, and the man was still here. That had to count for something, right? There were a lot of people in the store, and the only thing that kept Ben grounded, kept him secure and calm, was the surprisingly powerful combination of Hux smiling at him and giving him a peck on the cheek whenever he returned to the cart with a new item, and the way Hux was handling the situation. Or, rather, not handling. He seemed to alternate between a state of terrified fascination and being incredibly affronted by the presence of other people - delivering a death glare that Ben was pretty sure could probably light someone on fire any time someone gave them weird looks. One lady, somewhere in her sixties perhaps, had given them a stink eye of epic proportions when Hux had stolen a quick kiss, and as soon as Hux noticed, he had glared brutal murder right back - pulling Ben close with an arm around his waist, keeping it there for a good five minutes after the lady had fled the aisle they were currently strolling down. There was a possessive streak here, Ben noted, and he found himself liking it. Usually he hated those kinds of stupid ‘alpha male’ behaviours, but the gesture, paired with Hux’ continuous muttering of ‘the nerve of some people,’ and ‘how dare they look at you like that - have they seen themselves?’ and the occasional ‘oh, go ahead and stare - you are just jealous you’re not going home with him,’ made it more endearing than annoying. Still, Hux had kept muttering for the entirety of their time there, and Ben had to pinch himself to keep from having a giggling fit right then and there. Hux really needed to get out more, and Ben vowed to make sure to expose him to other, ordinary people more often. Or, well, as often as he himself could handle. It wasn’t exactly as if Ben was much of a people person either. The decorations took up the entire trunk of the car, as well as the back seat, and getting everything up to the penthouse was a bit of an adventure - if either of them had had shorter arms, it would have been impossible for them to get all the bags in one go, and even now it was more than a little tight on space in the elevator - but somehow, they managed. Not five minutes after they’d deposited the bags on the dining table - now free of painting supplies, as Ben had finally finished the mural just the previous day - the tree arrived. Ben looked on in deep satisfaction as the delivery people got it in place, and made sure it was properly secured and stable in its stand, and Hux had - if possible - looked even more bewildered when he was sent to find a good chair or something to stand on while they got the lights in place. They were both tall, but definitely not tall enough for this giant tree. Eventually, Hux did seem to get his bearings right, and while the whole project didn’t exactly go smoothly - they spent at least half the time getting tangled up in cords and tinsel, laughing and kissing - Ben was so happy he thought he might just explode. Somewhere mid-process of getting all the little glass baubles in place - Hux up on the chair, while Ben pointed to where he wanted each one to go - Hux had asked him how he felt about finding a new psychiatrist. It had been over two months since he’d made a promise to call one, and Hux would gladly help make sure he got a better one than he’d had before. He just wanted to help Ben help himself, and if Ben needed him to, he’d go with him to every single appointment - it wasn’t a problem, and he’d consider it an honour to be allowed to accompany him, even if he’d have to spend two hours every week in a waiting room. Whatever Ben needed, Hux reminded him, he would get. And he did need a refill of his prescriptions, so he could go back on his medications again - at least the Lithium. He just wanted to put that out there, to give Ben some time to think about it, but there was no pressure or expectation attached. Ben had been so overwhelmed by the love and acceptance in Hux’ voice that he’d had to sit down for a moment, blinking back tears, causing Hux to hurry down from the chair to comfort him - worried that he’d said something wrong. After some comforting and cuddling, Ben admitted that he knew he really needed to see someone, but that it had just been too much for him to handle to try and reach out on his own. If Hux would help him, he’d go - he just couldn’t muster the strength to make the call himself. But he wanted to wait until after Christmas, because starting therapy always took so much out of him that he’d be too tired to function for days after his appointments, and he really wanted to enjoy Christmas in peace. Eventually, they did get the entire penthouse decorated, and even Hux had to admit it felt much more like a proper home. What mattered most to him, though, wasn’t so much the decorations themselves, as seeing how happy they made Ben. The tree might not have been perfect; the star refused to sit straight, and they had to hide the cords to the lights under a rug to avoid tripping on them - but it was their tree, and it was something they’d done together, something that had made them both happy. There was tinsel and glitter everywhere, sticking to their clothes and skin whenever they touched anything, but even Hux couldn’t bring himself to care, because the way the glitter only served to enhance the paleness of Ben’s skin and the dark of his hair made it all worth it. And Ben seemed to enjoy getting as much glitter as he could into Hux’ beard, knowing it would be a nightmare to get out, and that he’d have to go to work with a beard that sparkled when the light hit it. Hux wasn’t nearly as offended by this as he pretended to be. --- The last week before Christmas had, as always, been the stuff of nightmares for Hux and his entire staff. It never failed; before any major holiday, things would inevitably start going crazy in ever new directions, and Ben felt genuinely sorry for him. Every night when Hux came home, he’d pull Ben over to the couch, cuddling or kissing him absolutely senseless for a good half hour - as if that was the one thing that would help him remain sane. Not that Ben was complaining; he was as addicted to Hux’ kisses as Hux was to his, and with every passing day of Hux making it clear how deeply he desired him, it got a little bit easier for Ben to make peace with his own body. He’d had a few bad days, with very strong impulses to do bad things, but Hux had stayed with him through it - offering to come home immediately and hold him through it if that was what he needed, and promising to hurry home anyway when Ben assured him that just hearing his voice helped immensely - and Ben was beginning to feel like he might actually pull through this time. Make an actual recovery, have some sort of functioning life. It was the best gift Hux could ever have given him. But there was actually one great benefit to Hux’ insane workload; it made sure he was too tired to be curious about what Ben was doing in his new little art studio. One of Hux’ largest guest rooms had been stripped of all furniture, and turned into something pretty damn close to Ben’s dream studio - and for the moment, Hux was banned from setting foot in it. He couldn’t take the risk of Hux accidentally seeing the project Ben was working on - it would ruin the surprise, and Ben refused to let that happen. While it was a far cry from anything as expensive or fine as Hux could give him, it was still something that Ben hoped he’d like - after all, Ben had made it with his own hands, had poured his entire heart and soul into it. He’d been incredibly relieved, also, when Hux hadn’t minded his aversion to the whole ‘traditional Christmas dinner’ thing - a dinner which would have been silly, anyway, given that it was just the two of them for the holiday - and when he’d offered to cook something nice but non-traditional for them, Hux had been thrilled. It was obvious that he didn’t eat home cooked food a lot, and Ben had made sure to put together a little menu that would - hopefully - appeal to his partner’s taste. His one demand had been that Hux helped out, and that he’d tell Ben if he honestly didn’t like it. Ben liked to cook, but he didn’t like it when people only pretended to like what he made. Hux had sworn, and Ben had handed him the list of ingredients he’d need, so Hux could find himself a suitable wine. Ben himself would stick to soda, because although he was currently off his meds - again - he had a complicated relationship to wine, and usually preferred soda anyway. --- For Hux, the weeks leading up to Christmas had passed in a blur of glitter and brightly colored lights - interspersed with increasingly agitated emails from Jessika, demanding meetings he had no time to attend and accompanied by attachments he had no desire to look at. Eventually, he knew, he wouldn’t be able to hold her off any longer, but for now, he passed the communications off onto Mitaka, who grew more frazzled-looking by the day, his usually impeccable short-cropped hair becoming so unkempt that Hux was sorely tempted to say something about it. Hux supposed he should have felt guilty for what he was putting the poor man through - he knew how relentless Jessika could be better than anyone - but his own plate was so full he hardly found the time. Imperial had dozens of other accounts, all begging for his attention during this crucial time of the year; he could ill-afford a misstep now, not when acquiring Jessika’s account was looking less like a certainty. If they couldn’t pull together something that would impress her soon, they’d lose their chance at the account completely. It didn’t help that he still hadn’t found the right fit to round out Imperial’s design team. Nor that he was hardly on speaking terms with own COO, who was knee-deep in her own projects, all of which she had to see completed before she headed back to Chicago to spend the weeks surrounding the holidays with her sister, as she had every year since Hux had known her. Yes, his firm’s reputation preceded him, but that didn’t mean he could become lackadaisical in his handling of affairs; that was a sure road to ruin, and while he’d never relished the thought of failure, he was watching out for someone more than himself now. While Ben had requested they put off working with a therapist until after the holidays, Hux had begun his search for one who came well-recommended even before Ben had agreed to it. He hadn’t met with any of them yet, but he had a stack of referrals on the desk in his home office; each day, more were added to the pile while others were discarded after investigation proved them a poor fit. And there was still the matter of a gift for Ben - Ben who reminded him three times a day at least that Hux had already supplied him with more gifts than he’d ever received in the rest of his life combined. The decorations, the tree itself, his clothing, all of it had come from Hux, he’d argued - not to mention the array of art supplies that Hux now found constantly strewn about his home, paint brushes in the drying rack by the sink and half finished charcoal drawings cluttering his coffee table. That, he’d had to tell Ben, was his gift to Hux: his imprints on his life. All the small ways he’d found to fit into places where Hux hadn’t before realized empty space existed at all. And anyway, now that the penthouse as well as everything that went with it was Ben’s just as much as Hux’, could it really be said that Hux had given him any of it? They were partners; they shared things. If whatever was Ben’s was Hux’ and whatever was Hux’ was Ben’s, Ben could hardly call a pair of pants a gift. Ben hadn’t been able to say much to that - there was a reason Hux had once managed to successfully convince a smaller marketing firm to sell out to him for half of what it was worth - and so Hux had continued on his mission to choose a gift for Ben that would live up to the kind of esteem Hux held him in. Ben wasn’t easy to buy for - or perhaps he was too easy to buy for. He would have been pleased with anything Hux had gotten him, and that was precisely the problem. Hux had spent one night after work wandering through Bloomingdale’s, touching fine woolen jackets and running his fingers over slim, silver bracelets nondescript enough to be tasteful. He’d never seen Ben wear jewelry before, but he seemed to like fidgeting with things, his fingers constantly in motion, even in the rare moments when they weren’t occupied with either an ink pen or paintbrush - or more recently, the buttons of Hux’ shirts. Under the department store’s fluorescent lighting, it had been easy for Hux to imagine the way the slick metal would feel when Ben ran his fingers over it, how neatly the bracelet could be hidden inside the sleeve of Ben’s jacket if he didn’t wish it to be seen. And when the woman behind the counter had remarked on how lovely it would look sitting over the delicate bones of his wife’s wrist, he’d told her to box it up, requesting a ribbon in dark green because that would best suit his partner’s pale skin. He’d done it partly out of spite, to see the way her eyes widened at the emphasis he put on the word ‘partner,’ but partly because he knew she was right. Indeed, the bracelet would suit Ben perfectly. Still, that hadn’t seemed enough, and it hadn’t been until later that night, Ben’s head resting on his shoulder as the two of them watched It’s A Wonderful Life like neither of them had ever seen it before, that it came to him. The idea had taken hold so strongly that he’d almost lept from the sofa then and there to begin making the necessary calls, but he knew that, had he moved, Ben would have become suspicious, so he’d had to bide his time, mind churning as he’d watched George Bailey learn the beauty of his existence just the way he had every December for the past 70 years. Hux knew just how he felt. --- In the end, Hux choose three gifts: the bracelet he’d seen wrapped up at Bloomingdale’s, an iPhone 7 that matched his own in everything except color (Ben’s model was black, chosen not only because Ben was partial to dark colors, but because the majority of his belongings ended up splattered with paint before long, no matter how carefully he tried to guard them), and the coup de grace, the gift that had come to him that night on the sofa. That one had been the hardest to hide. The painting was enormous; 48 inches across on either side and painted in oil by Ben’s grandfather, it was one of the last pieces he had seen completed before his death. It had taken a little wheedling to get Ben’s grandfather’s name out of him, but once he had, a few well-placed phone calls, and Hux had managed to track down a collector who owned a number of the man’s pieces. Apparently, there remained a circle of connoisseurs who not only appreciated Skywalker’s art, but who collected them ravenously. Who knew? Hux had been tempted to relieve the collector of every piece he could find - money wasn’t an issue, and he knew he could offer far more than what any of the pieces would have brought at market value - but the idea that it might please Ben to know that his grandfather’s art lived on to enrich the lives of others had stopped him. The one piece was probably more than he’d ever expected to see of Anakin Skywalker again as it was, and Hux had had it reframed and stored in the back of a guest room closet where he knew Ben would never venture until Christmas morning came. Hux woke that morning with a sense of pride at his gift choosing prowess. Ben had slept deeply the night before, drooling into Hux’ shoulder until well past 10am while Hux watched as snow drifted down from overcast skies outside the floor-to-ceiling windows of their bedroom. Usually, he would have shut the blinds by now, but it was so grey outside that the light remained just muted enough to doze by, and he reclined against his pillows, imagining with a sort of anticipation he’d never quite understood until now the way Ben’s face would light up when he unwrapped the painting. Certainly it would look nothing like Phasma’s when she’d opened a green sleeve of paper to reveal the Starbucks gift card he’d presented her with the first year of their friendship; she’d been supremely unimpressed, had looked at him like he’d done her some great affront, raising one eyebrow critically. After that, he’d taken to gift cards from some of the boutiques he knew she frequented, and last year, he’d ventured so far as to buy her a faux-fur stole that had made her genuinely smile. But this was the first time he’d ever put half so much thought into a gift. It only made sense that it was for Ben. He presented Ben with the iPhone, the first of his gifts, as soon as Ben stirred, snuffling and shifting against Hux, long legs rustling beneath the sheets. Hux had stowed the box underneath his side of the bed, so it was easy enough to reach down and dig it out, thrusting it into Ben’s face before he’d had a chance to properly open his eyes. Ben blinked at the box confusedly, like he wasn’t quite sure what it was or what he was expected to do with it, until Hux bid him to open it, scrambling up onto his knees and nearly bouncing on the mattress in his excitement. After Ben had finished gaping at the phone like he still didn’t know what it was he was holding, he and Ben stayed in bed, programming the thing with apps Hux knew Ben would use, as well as some Hux had no experience with but that Ben was adamant made phones more “fun.” Hux would have to take his word for that; his own phone was used mostly for business and the occasional addition to the Instagram page he kept private from everyone save Phasma and Thannison - and now, Ben. Of course Hux’ number was the first added into his contacts, but they also added the direct line to Hux’ office at Imperial, as well as Phasma’s personal number, as they both knew they’d have to speak with her soon. Hux wouldn’t have minded whiling away the rest of Christmas morning with activities that were best performed in bed, but Ben had taken Hux by the hand and dragged the two of them into the kitchen shortly after, citing their need to begin preparations for their Christmas dinner, as nontraditional as it would be. Hux was still in his flannel pajama bottoms, bare feet cold on the tile of his kitchen floor, and he tip-toed across it as if it was made of hot coals, making little noises of complaint and heading straight for the teapot on the range-stop stove so he could begin heating water while Ben rummaged through cupboards that had always been empty until now. He seemed to know his way around instinctively, bending down to extract a roasting pan from the cupboard next to the oven and then reaching up above it for a mixing bowl, exposing a delicious-looking strip of skin when the white tee shirt he’d stolen from Hux pulled away from his own pajama bottoms. Hux was clueless about the menu Ben had planned - he’d ordered the groceries in and Ben had been the one to put them away - and as Ben arranged ingredients in the order they would be used all along the granite countertops, Hux tried to guess what it was Ben had up his sleeve, though half of his mind remained occupied with the way Ben’s hips swayed in time to a song Ben heard only in his head as he moved about the kitchen. Later, they’d ask Beru to accompany their cooking - Hux never tired of her endless collection of Bing Crosby - but for now, the only sound was Ben’s intermittent humming and the tapping of his wooden spoon against the counter. “Do you always dance while cooking?” Hux remarked, his voice teasing, a half-smile on his face as he leaned against the counter, waiting for the teapot to whistle. Ben turned from where he appeared to be combining the ingredients he’d gathered into the bowl he’d taken down from above the stovetop, his hands shiny with something. “Or do you save this kind of thing for special occasions?” Ben blushed, biting his lip. “Sometimes,” he admitted. “Not often, just when I’m… you know, happy.” The teapot declared its contents ready to be poured into their mugs, and once Hux had prepared their tea, he came up behind Ben and wrapped his arms around his middle - resting his chin on Ben’s shoulder as he caressed his chest and belly. Ben paused for a moment to let himself be kissed on the cheek, before continuing what he was doing, reaching for the flour and a measuring cup. “What is it you’ve got going on here?” Hux asked curiously as Ben began mixing the flour into the yeast and oil already in the bowl. “And for the love of God, don’t just say ‘baking,’ because I might not know my way around the kitchen the way you do, but I’m not so hopeless than I can’t recognize that much.” He punctuated the inquiry with another kiss to Ben’s temple. “I’m making some Foccaccia to go with dinner,” Ben answered. “It needs to be left to rise twice before we can put it in the oven, so I figured we might as well get it done early. We still need to make the dessert too, ‘cause that’ll need to go in the fridge for a while.” “You’re making Foccaccia ?” Hux seemed incredulous. “Actual Foccaccia? As in, the stuff I always order from Amata? That Foccaccia? The one I eat so much of I can make myself sick? Ben, you had best not be telling me you’ve known how to bake Foccaccia all along and never thought to tell me? Me - your loving partner! That’s just cruel!” He gave a playful pinch to the exposed skin at Ben’s waist, causing him to yelp and startle a little. “Did you know I think I might just be the most spoiled man in this whole damn city? You may want to be careful, darling - I’m going to become greedy.” “It’s just bread,” Ben smiled, blush returning to his cheeks. “But, uhm, since you apparently like it, I can make it more often. I mean, if you want me to. It’s pretty easy.” “‘ Just bread ,’ he says,” Hux snorted. “Go on, mock my lack of culinary competence. I suppose it’s ‘just dessert’ too then. Nothing extravagant, I’m sure?” “White chocolate pannacotta, with passionfruit topping. Was going for raspberries at first, but they’re usually not very tasty this time a year. The passion fruit should balance the sweetness pretty well, I hope.” Hux hid his face in Ben’s neck, a low groan escaping him. “You’re going to be the death of me, Ben Solo, seducing me with food like this - I was trying to watch my cholesterol before I met you, you know?” “You’re going to help me make it, remember?” Ben teased. “Don’t think you’ll get out of that. And don’t worry, I made sure there’d be enough for a second helping or two if we want it.” --- While the bread dough was left to rise, they enjoyed a cozy breakfast on the couch - Ben, as always, curled up in Hux’ arms while he worked through a cup of yoghurt and some fresh pieces of fruit Hux had brought them. Initially, he’d been planning on making them some nice smoothies, but he promptly forgot that train of thought when Hux fed him a piece of honeydew melon, immediately followed by a kiss. They took their time eating, and then Ben showed Hux how to make both foccaccia and pannacotta. What Hux lacked in knowledge, he more than made up for in enthusiasm, and apparently, seeing Ben cook or bake was something he found immensely attractive, if the way he seemed unable to keep his hands to himself was anything to go by. Ben was flattered, embarrassed, excited, and a little confused all at once, but it was okay. Hux’ touch felt good, and it made him feel very loved. Once the bread was out of the oven, cooling off in its pan, and the pannacotta safely inside the fridge, they once again relocated to the couch, cuddling up under several blankets and watching Doctor Who . Hux had, somehow, also completely missed out on the show, and this gave Ben the perfect excuse to rewatch the first few seasons - feeling very good about himself when he could explain all the confusing parts to Hux. He accidentally fell asleep with his head on Hux’ lap for a while, and was thrilled to realize upon waking again that not only was Hux still watching, he seemed rather invested in it, too. Eventually, though, food started to sound like a marvelous idea, and Ben got started on their dinner. He’d done his best to put together a three course menu that would be festive enough, but not leave them conked out on the couch until the next day once they’d finished it. After all, Hux had told him there were still presents left to be opened. The first dish consisted of little croustades he’d filled with a rich and creamy mushroom stew, and he had to put Hux - who was on vegetable chopping duty - at the other end of the kitchen counter to keep him from eating all of it before it was time. The main course was a simple but tasty pasta dish his grandma had made sometimes - comfort food and ‘fancy dinner food’ all in one, she’d called it. There wasn’t much to it, really; some tagliatelle, green pesto, sun-dried tomatoes, olives, more mushrooms, fresh spinach, and as much parmesan cheese as he could get away with. It was as far as he could get from ‘proper’ Christmas food, and also a dish he knew he had mastered to a point where he felt confident in serving it to Hux without worrying about the taste. Hux was an eager learner, begging Ben to write the recipe down so Hux could be of more help in the future, instead of just hanging about the kitchen and mostly getting in the way. Ben promised, but not before joking about Hux needing to actually eat it first, to see if he ever wanted to go near it again. He did. The dinner was a huge success - Hux looked like he was about two bites away from absolute ecstasy all the way through it, especially the dessert part - and as soon as they’d finished, he pulled Ben into a hug, peppering his surprised face with kisses while praising him to high heavens. Apparently, Ben thought, food was one very effective method of seduction, and he stored that information away for a day when he felt a bit more confident about attempting it. Once they’d recovered a bit, they went to get their respective presents - both of them eyeing the other’s suspiciously flat and angular items - and settled on the couch to get on with the one Christmas tradition they both actually enjoyed. Ben was a bundle of nerves, heart beating so hard he could feel it in his throat. He really hoped Hux would like the painting, but - as always - Ben’s disaster of a brain was already conjuring up about a million reasons for why it was a stupid idea. Oh well, nothing for it now - the painting was the only thing he had to give, so he just had to hope for the best. But just as he was going to ask if Hux wanted his gift first, Hux beat him to it. “I - uh, I’ve gotten you a little something,” Hux blurted, a thin white box wrapped with green ribbon clutched tightly in his fingers. Legs folded underneath of him on the sofa, facing Ben, he passed the box from hand to hand, fussing with the ends of the ribbon, anticipation turned to nervousness in his stomach. He’d never bothered with changing out of his pajama bottoms today - Ben had insisted that was not only acceptable, but encouraged, on holidays - and as soon as he shoved the box into Ben’s waiting hands, he wiped his damp palms on the flannel, sighing. “It’s not the main event, of course, and I’ve got no idea whether you’ll even like it, but I just… I saw it and I thought of you. And then the woman at Bloomingdale’s, she seemed to think it would look good on your - oh dammit, I can’t say that without spoiling the surprise, can I?” Hux winced, having caught himself just in time. “If you don’t like it, we can return it and find something that suits you better. I’ve kept the receipt - it’s tucked right inside the box, and I’m well acquainted with Bloomingdale’s return policy...” But Ben was already tearing into it, removing the ribbon, fingers poised over the lid, and before Hux could explain himself further, the padded box was tossed to land beside him on the sofa and Ben was holding the delicate silver band up to inspect it. He dangled it from a finger, turning it so that it caught the lights from the tree, which were the only ones left on in the apartment, a look Hux couldn’t read on his face. Did he like it? Hate it? Wish Hux had chosen something else? Hux couldn’t say. “I wasn’t sure you how felt about jewelry.” He cleared his throat, hands wringing in his lap. “It seems so cliche, I know - but I thought it might be useful when you need something to fiddle with. It’’s very smooth, I felt it to make sure, and it’s simple enough that you can hide it if you want to -” “Hux.” Ben’s eyes locked with his, silencing him, and he held out the bracelet, still looped around his finger. “Stop talking and help me put this thing on.” It was a command, but a teasing one. Where his expression had once been unreadable, now there was a smile, soft and thoughtful all at once, on his face, a playful affection dancing in the mossy brown of his eyes and tugging at the corners of his mouth. He looked thoroughly amused, Hux thought, jangling the bracelet with a sense of impatience as he presented the opposite wrist - waiting expectantly for Hux to catch up, as so often seemed to be the case with the two of them. His forearm was flipped over so that the inside was exposed, scars laid bare and uncovered as if he hadn’t thought twice about it - but Hux knew better. The kind of trust that implied, that it had taken for Ben to strip away all pretense from what he had once guarded so closely, the extent of the faith Ben had in him… it was more than he’d ever had in himself. It left him breathless, and the bracelet shook in Hux’ hand when he took it from around Ben’s finger. His hands were so unsteady, it took Hux two tries before he was able to work the clasp correctly, fingers stuttering on the latch, which sat directly over Ben’s pulsepoint - but when finally he managed it, it fit Ben’s wrist perfectly. For all her prattling on, the woman at Bloomingdale’s had been right all along. “There,” he whispered, Ben’s hand still resting between his, Hux tilting it first to one side, then to the other, so he could see how the silver flattered him from every angle. “Tell me honestly: what do you think?” “It’s perfect,” Ben breathed, gently reclaiming his hand so he could examine it closer, turning his wrist this way and that. The bracelet fit comfortably around his wrist, not tight enough to make him feel trapped, but not so loose that it’d annoy him when it moved around. He’d always preferred silver over any other metal, because silver always worked. Unlike gold, which just got lackluster and… worn , silver always aged with dignity. When it was brand new like this, Ben loved the paleness of it, how it shone in the light, and when it aged, he loved the way it darkened at the edges and in the corners, but remained light and shiny in the middle. For whatever reason, Ben found it comforting. Not that he’d ever say any of that out loud; he knew how cheesy it sounded. Instead, he threw himself at Hux, causing them both to topple over, kissing him deeply. “Thank you,” he mumbled against his lips when they parted for air - Hux’ arms still holding him close, hands having sneaked up under his tee-shirt to draw lazy little circles over his back. “It’s beautiful. I love it. I love you.” He nuzzled Hux’ bearded cheek for a moment, enjoying the feeling of being held close; he would never tire of it, he knew. “Now, I’ve got something for you too. It’s, uhm, not much, but I did my best. But, uhm, if you don’t… if you don’t like it, it’s okay. I can work something out. Something better, I-” Hux kissed him again to shut him up, only letting go enough to give Ben some wiggle room to reach for the gift and curl up next to him as he prepared to open it. “I clearly remember you telling me to stop talking and let you enjoy your gift.” Hux’ mouth was set in a pleased smirk as his fingers worked their way underneath and inside of paper that looked liked tin-foil but somehow shinier, sliding along the loose edges where it had been taped together. “I think it’s time you take your own advice.” Silver glitter collected under his fingernails, clinging to his skin with as much tenacity as the kind of sand that had to be showered off in order to be free of it entirely, and he pursed his lips at the feeling until he realized what exactly it was that he was unwrapping. What a coincidence that both he and Ben had gotten each other paintings, he thought; the difference was, of course, that while Hux had found Ben’s, Ben had painted this one. Hux recognized Ben’s style immediately. Even before the thing was fully unwrapped, Ben’s fluid brushstrokes - the texture left behind in the oil, raised tracks of each motion of his brush swirling up and off the canvas - were unmistakable, reminiscent of the ones that covered their living room wall, even if the paint Ben had used there had been different. It was painted in the same style as the wall as well - not exactly realism, but something dreamier, like a photograph captured in flame - and Hux tore away the rest of the paper with great care, folding it into neat squares before setting it aside, careful not to accidentally touch the painting’s surface, where, with each tear of the paper, the fractured pieces of a face came together. Hux gasped. It was him. Of all the subjects he could have painted, Ben had chosen him. Again. Once, Ben had drawn him so that he looked kind; here, he looked fierce. Regal. So alive it discomfited him to look at it, ready to burst, molten hot and steaming, from the canvas. It was exquisite, and not for the first time, Hux sat in awe of Ben’s talent. Of what his hands could do, aside from take Hux apart. “Ben,” he murmured, fingers tracing the edge of the frame, “this is… it’s simply the most incredible gift I’ve ever received. You painted it, of course?” He waited for Ben’s nod of approval before continuing. “I’m… I don’t know when you found the time to do this. It must have taken days.” Hux hadn’t posed for the painting, had had no idea of its existence before now, and he wondered at the time Ben must have spent studying his face when he wasn’t looking. The thought made him flush. “Is it… is it horribly vain that I want to hang this in my office? I don’t want to keep it here, where only I get to see it. That seems selfish. Everyone should see this, and I wouldn’t be the first businessman to hang a portrait of this size over his desk. Though mine would certainly be the best of them.” It was Ben who flushed this time, cheeks going pink as he buried his face in his hands, the silver bracelet on his wrist again catching the only light left in the room - a symbol, even in near darkness, of Hux’ claim. Hux would never own Ben, but he’d keep him, for as long as Ben allowed him to. “It’s not like you’re not kind of vain anyway,” Ben mumbled into his hands, his words muffled. “You, uhm... I seriously think you own more clothes than pretty much anyone I’ve ever heard of. N-not that that’s necessarily a bad thing! I just... nevermind.” Hux chuckled his agreement. He couldn’t argue with that logic - his closet alone was as big as some studio apartments in the city - and he leaned across the sofa to give Ben a peck on the cheek, to let him know his words had been taken in jest, as they were intended. Perhaps there would come a day that Ben’s teasing failed to make Hux love him all the more, but it hadn’t come yet. “Then it goes in my office,” he said. “Immediately. I’ll have Mitaka on it the moment I’m back at work. In fact, I can probably text him tonight and have him make the appropriate connections to have the portrait hangers there by the time I arrive on Monday-” Ben uncovered one eye to look at Hux incredulously. “Are you serious ? Hux, for fuck’s sake, you can’t ask him to do that on Christmas. That’s just not fair. Besides, I still haven’t even gotten to open the last of my gifts. I’m glad that you like it, I really am, but can’t it wait until tomorrow or something? Not to, uhm, be greedy or anything, I just… I kind of want to see what it’s inside that last package you got for me.” Hux supposed Ben was right about that, and really he did want to give Ben his gift. It was just that… well, now that he’d seen what Ben had given him, the trouble he’d went through to make it, how beautifully it was done… his felt so very inadequate. Perhaps, he realized, Ben had never wanted one of his grandfather’s paintings to begin with; he’d never said as much. There was every chance it would only bring back painful memories for him - ones it would have been easier to forget. But there was no helping it now. The package sat propped up against the tree - it had been too large to fit underneath of it - and Ben had already seen it, had been looking at it for days. It wasn’t as if he could claim that there were no more gifts, that the bracelet had been it, and with a roll of his suddenly tight shoulders, Hux got up from the sofa to carry the package, so huge it was awkward in his arms, close enough that Ben could open it. “I just… Ben, sweetness, I don’t want to disappoint. No-” Hux shook his head, crouching down next to the package, so that he was knelt on the floor in front of Ben. “It- it’s not that. That’s not right. It’s only... when I chose this gift, it seemed like the right idea. The only idea, but now I’m not sure. If it hurts you - if it doesn’t bring you the joy I want it to bring you - you have to promise you’ll tell me, alright? We’ll be rid of it and you’ll never have to look at it again.” He wetted his lips, placing the palms of his hands on Ben’s knees, hoping he couldn’t feel the moisture gathered there. “Go on, open it. It’s yours.” Ben didn’t unwrap the painting with near as much care as Hux had unwrapped his, tearing the paper away first from the front of the canvas, to reveal the tranquil face of a young woman reclining in a garden, rose blossoms surrounding her on every side, close enough to brush the rings on her fingers where her hand was held to her forehead, pushing the hair away from her face. The painting spoke of a late spring day, just warm enough to be uncomfortable while sitting in the sun as the woman was, oversized leaves casting shadows on her casual gingham dress. The first time Hux had laid eyes on it, he’d thought he could feel the sweet, cloying heat of the garden, even in the middle of winter, with the slush still clinging to his shoes. He didn’t know who the woman in the painting was - he’d asked the collector who’d owned it before him, but the man hadn’t known either. Had said he didn’t know much of the history of the painting at all, other than it had been titled Woman in Rose Garden and that it had been completed shortly before Skywalker’s death, but still, Hux had needed to have it. Had needed Ben to have the painting of this strangely familiar woman in the height of spring. When Hux looked up at him, he saw that Ben had never finished unwrapping the canvas; as soon as he’d torn away the first strip of paper, he’d frozen, so that wrapping still clung to the frame, and he seemed barely to be breathing as he stared at it as if Hux wasn’t there at all, paper crumpled in his hand. “The painting,” Hux started, his stomach dropping, knowing already that he’d made a horrible mistake. Had managed to hurt Ben in unimaginable ways with his own hubris. That he should have stuck with the bracelet and let that be that. “The painting - it’s one of your grandfather’s. Anakin Skywalker’s work can still fetch quite a pretty penny on the art market, did you know that? Apparently, the collectors haven’t forgotten him. He -” Hux’ fingers tightened on Ben’s knees, emotion choking his voice. “He was an incredibly talented man, Ben. Almost as talented as you. And this… it isn’t the only one. There are more, if… if you want them. If you want to see them. But I thought for now I’d - I chose this one because the woman in the painting, she’s… there’s something in her face that reminds me of you, as ridiculous as that sounds.” Ben could scarcely believe what he was looking at. Memories came flooding through his mind; his grandmother’s living room, sunlight, summer, her smile as she looked at a painting - this very painting - the way she would run her finger along the little scribbled mess that was Anakin’s signature. The rose garden… he remembered it still. They’d sat there so many times in the summer, Ben drinking lemonade and prattling on about anything and everything, while she’d tended to the flowers. She’d said that his grandfather had been a romantic fool, but that the painting was her most precious possession, because it had been the last one he’d painted for her - before everything went to hell. When he still had a somewhat clear mind. He’d painted her - it - just out of memory, to show her just how much he loved her. And now the painting was here . In Ben’s hands. It was… almost too much to take in. He was vaguely aware of the tears running down his cheeks, but nothing could stop the smile spreading across his face as he ran a finger gently across the surface. “I thought-” he began, but his voice cracked and he had to try again. “I thought it was lost forever… Leia, she- she sold it. Said it wasn’t worth saving, wasn’t- wasn’t worth anything. Hux...” He met his partner’s worried gaze. “This woman… she’s my grandmother. This, uhm, this is - was - her favourite painting. It hung in her living room when I was little, I-... You have no idea how much this means to me. I just… I love you. So much .” He carefully leaned the painting against the coffee table, before crawling onto Hux’ lap and hiding his face against his chest. “This is the best gift you could-... uhm, that you could ever have given me. I… Thank you. Just, thank you. ” Hux buried his hand in Ben’s hair, holding him close. Outside, frost gathered on the windows of their apartment as the moon rose over the city, but here, inside, it was as warm as spring. “Your grandmother - she was beautiful, Ben. Just like you.” Chapter 16 Notes: Trigger Warning: mention of food issues. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The New Year brought with it a blizzard that all but shut the city down for three days. Hux wouldn’t have minded the respite - Ben made welcome company, the hearty smells of his cooking, now that Hux knew his secret, permeating the apartment and making it feel more like a home than it ever had before, his perpetually cold feet pressed up against Hux’ thigh in bed enough to keep him there all day - if it hadn’t been for Jessika. He hadn’t been able to avoid her forever, and had finally been cornered into agreeing to another meeting in the days after Christmas, when he was too drunk on Ben’s touch and Ben’s pasta to fend her off. Hux had a feeling this would be the last of them - he was as like to throw her out of his office himself as she was to storm out of her own accord - but that hadn’t stopped her from flooding Hux’ inbox with panicked emails when the storm hit on the day of their meeting. While others were busy checking the batteries in their flashlights to ensure they’d be prepared should the power go down and Hux would rather have been curled up with Ben on the sofa watching white powder pile up on rooftops, Hux instead had his laptop set up on his kitchen counter, listening to Jessika’s frantic pleas over Skype. There was no way he’d be able to appreciate her vision if he didn’t see her sketches in person, she’d sworn, and so it was that, on the second day of the year, Hux found himself taking the towncar as far as it would go and then trudging the rest of the way to his office through streets clogged with snow. The city had been deserted, an endless sea of swirling white. He couldn’t see five feet in front of him, the men running the plows the only other brave souls he’d come in contact with, and they’d looked at him like he’d lost his mind. Which, he supposed, was fair - he was a man in a Burberry overcoat and leather dress shoes that were absolutely not supposed to get wet who was currently up to his knees in the worst snowstorm New York had seen in the past three years. If he’d thought the walk in was bad, the meeting itself was murder, he and Jessika the only people who’d ventured into Imperial that day, save for the security guard, who’d taken one look at Hux’ snow-crusted scarf and wisely chosen to shut his mouth. There’d been no one to run interference between them, and by the time he’d escaped Jessika’s clutches, he’d wanted nothing more than to take his frozen feet (once inside the heated office building, the snow left on his shoes had started to melt, seeping inside and into his socks until his toes felt like blocks of ice) and make a beeline for his home, where he would put the latest of Jessika’s designs directly into his paper-shredder and then slip his equally frozen fingers inside Ben’s shirt and keep them there, pressed against the smooth skin of Ben’s back, until he forgot all about this wretched day. He hadn’t known such a bad mood since before he and Ben had declared their feelings, and he’d had to give himself a good talking to on the elevator ride up to the penthouse. Ben didn’t deserve his ire, nor did Millicent. It wasn’t their fault that Jessika must have been sent to humble him, that he wasn’t one bit closer to pleasing her than he had been on the day she’d first approached him about her account. As soon as he entered the apartment, Hux was met with the smell of something savory on the stove, his stomach rumbling and his fingers tingling as feeling made its way back into them, his fingerless gloves soaked through. Ben didn’t meet him at the door, but he did call to him from the kitchen, something affectionate-sounding between the clattering of pots and pans, though Hux couldn’t make out exactly what over the music - one of Ben’s choices, turned up loud enough that he knew Ben had been singing along while he cooked. (And maybe, if it was a good enough day, dancing along too.) The thought did a little to lift his sour mood as Hux used his teeth to pull a glove first off one hand, then the other. Ben liked his music louder than Hux did, but he’d barely shed his coat when the song - Hux thought he recognized it as one by a group Ben liked, the Brothers or Sisters or something similarly familial-sounding - faded to a decibel less likely to shatter his eardrums. “What was that, darling? I couldn’t hear you over the music.” Hux stomped his feet for the third time since entering the elevator, knocking yet more snow off of the soles, before bending down to remove them. When he set his briefcase to one side, the latch popped open, spilling his collection of Jessika’s designs - from the very first to the most recent ones he’d only seen today - across the floor, and swearing, one shoe already off and in his hand, Hux hopped on the opposite foot as he attempted to gather them off the floor before they became sodden with the half-melted slush from his shoes. Not that it would do much to harm their quality, he thought uncharitably, when he almost toppled over onto his ass and had to grab hold of the coat rack, which wobbled precariously, in order to right himself. By the time he’d managed to collect the drawings, remove his other shoe, finish unwinding the scarf from around his neck, and straighten the coat rack from its near crash to the floor, Ben was standing in the living room, near the sofa, looking at him with a bemused expression on his face. Hux couldn’t blame him - he was sure he made quite the spectacle. His briefcase was still spilling out onto the carpet, Jessika’s designs, now damp and curling at the edges, shoved haphazardly under his arm. “Are you okay?” Ben asked, giving Hux the sort of half-smile that made everything just a little more bearable, whether he wanted it to or not. He was barefoot, the cuffs of his favorite pair of pajama bottoms just brushing the floor, the well-worn college sweater Phasma had once stolen from Hux stretched comfortably over the breadth of his shoulders. The sleeves were rolled up past his elbows, proof that he had been cooking, even if Hux hadn’t smelled it, so that the silver band on his left wrist was exposed, and he held a bottle of Coke in one hand. “It kinda sounded like you were trying to tear the house down. Did something happen?” “Just the perfect end to a perfect day,” he groused, ruffling his damp hair with his fingers and sending snow melt flying, but he could hardly hold onto his annoyance when Ben pulled an exaggerated face at a droplet that hit him square in the nose. Hux blanched, already regretting his snappish reply. “Sorry, love.” Now in just his stocking feet, he moved toward Ben to wipe away the water about to drip off the end of his nose, and Ben made another face at the treatment, scrunching his face up and crossing his eyes to get a better look at it. It was so ridiculous that Hux had to do the the same; scrunching his own nose up to mirror Ben’s until Ben failed to stifle a giggle, his face relaxing, the folds along the side of his nose going soft in the way Hux so loved. “You know, I was quite determined to retain my poor mood, and you’re making it very difficult, even if I have been frozen half into an icicle twice today now.” Ben beamed back at him, and Hux took this opportunity to enact his earlier plan, winding icy hands up underneath Ben’s sweater and laying them flat against his ribcage, so that he gasped in shock as goosebumps immediately rose on his skin, trying, for once, to twist away from Hux’ touch. Hux, however, was relentless, moving them around his sides and hanging on tight in the areas he now knew Ben was most ticklish, even when he let out a yelp of protest, Jessika’s sketches still tucked under his arm. “Hmmm… would you look at that?” Hux’ fingers danced up and down Ben’s sides, as if his ribs were the keys of a piano and Hux a rather more talented player than he’d turned out to be for all of the lessons his father had required him to take. This earned him another yelp that had Hux well and truly smiling. “I feel better already.” “Well I - ah! ” Ben’s breath stuttered when Hux’ cold thumb pressed into his hipbone. “I d-don’t!” But his words didn’t hold much weight when Hux could still hear the laughter between their lines, could feel it sitting just below the surface in the way Ben’s back expanded with each inhale, even the barest remnants of his frustration melting away as easily as his chill now that he had wormed his way into Ben’s space. Ben quieted as Hux’ hands warmed under his sweater, settling into his touch, his breath, spiced with something - he must have tasted whatever it was he was cooking, Hux thought - coming in little puffs of air against Hux’ cheek. “Sorry you had a shitty day.” “It’s just… work. Comes with the territory, I’m afraid,” Hux sighed, stepping back with a kiss to Ben’s forehead now that he no longer felt like to freeze to death before he tasted the dinner Ben was cooking. “Nothing worth troubling yourself over.” And it wasn’t. Still, it was nice to have someone who cared enough to ask at all. Usually, he was met with only Millicent, and she tended to run for the bedroom whenever she saw that Hux wasn’t in the mood to spoil her. “It’s the account for that new interior design institute. You know the one - it’s been driving me to bloody distraction since well before the holidays?” Ben looked thoughtful for a moment, chewing his lip and squinting into Hux’ face, before his own lit up in recognition. “Yes, that one,” Hux agreed, lifting his eyebrows meaningfully. “As if either of us could forget. Jessika - the woman who owns the damned institution - she’s gone and convinced herself she’s the best one to draft their blasted logo. And she won’t stop there, oh no! She refuses to relinquish control of the marketing campaign in its entirety. Well, if that’s the case, I can’t figure what the hell she needs me for. It’s not as if the CEO of the city’s most successful marketing firm three years running might know what he’s talking about. Certainly not! The true expert here is a girl barely old enough to order her own martini who - and I’m not trying to be rude here, I’m not, but if you knew what I’d been through… Ben, if my life depended on her ability to draw her way out of a paper bag, I would start planning my funeral.” He took the stack of sketches from under his arm, uncaring of the way they crinkled in his grasp now that they’d already been dampened and dried funny. The damage had been done. “She forced me out into what is already being called the worst storm of the winter - and we’re only halfway through, mind you, so it must be pretty damned bad out there - to look at these! As if my seeing them today rather than waiting until it was advisable to venture outside would make any difference in their quality. Or apparent lack thereof.” By the time he’d finished, Ben’s eyes had caught on the papers in his hand, looking at them critically. “Mind if I…?” Ben asked, reaching out for the stack of moist papers. Hux quickly handed them over, as if just holding them caused him severe discomfort. He flipped through them as he turned to walk back into the kitchen to check on their dinner. Hux’ obvious happiness at the prospect of having home-cooked meals on a regular basis had been a welcome boost to Ben’s fragile self-esteem, and though he’d been more than a little nervous the first few times - after years of being met with little but cruel remarks about all the faults Leia and Han had found in his cooking - there was no doubt whatsoever that Hux really liked Ben’s food. The praise was never-ending, and he’d quickly realized that he’d better start making double the amount per meal, because otherwise he’d have nothing left for lunch. Hux would probably lick his plate clean if he was a less refined man, but at least he didn’t make any weight or exercise related comments during their meals - and while Ben hadn’t minded it the first time, it was still something he struggled with a lot, and he’d worried about it for a total of three days before he managed to gather enough courage to tell Hux. He didn’t go into specifics, couldn’t, because the topic was still something he couldn’t quite put into words even to himself - instead he just said it made eating much harder for him due to things he’d been told by people, and Hux had vowed not to mention anything of the sort ever again. He’d also graciously offered to finish Ben’s plate for him if he couldn’t manage it himself, because it would be such a shame to waste such good food. Ben still didn’t have the energy to cook everyday, but he hoped that at least one day a week Hux would get to come home to the smell of Ben’s latest little culinary experiment. Having quickly checked to make sure the fish and seafood soup he was making wasn’t about to escape the pot, he gave the… sketches, for lack of a better word, another look. They were not good. Ben would even go so far as to say they were absolute shit, and if there was some sort of theme going on, some sort of coherent idea behind them he sure as hell couldn’t see it. Not only were the drawing themselves bad, half the surface of each paper was full of little scribbled notes, colour tests, completely unrelated doodles, and what looked like little drops of… tea, maybe. Some sort of beverage, anyhow. No wonder Hux was so offended by these! Who in their right mind would bring stuff like this to a professional to begin with - even if the sketches had actually been good? Sure, Ben wasn’t really a professional either, but at least he knew that notes and colour tests went on a separate piece of paper! He was glad he’d never had to attend one of these meetings, because he was pretty sure he’d have said something very rude before he could stop himself - and he could only imagine how hard it must’ve been for Hux to maintain some sort of basic politeness and level of professionalism in the face of… this . With a deep sigh and a shake of his head, he put them down on the counter, and turned to look at his partner. “Hux,” he chuckled, when he caught him with a spoon in hand, just about to reach for the lid. “Leave the soup alone. I just put the fish in there, you can’t taste it yet.” Hux looked slightly embarrassed, but put the spoon away and instead came over to pull Ben into a hug. “Those sketches are really bad,” Ben mumbled against his neck. “Like, really, really bad. Does she-... I mean, does she actually, you know, think they’re good ? Are these actually what she expects you to, uhm, to work with?” “Unfortunately, the answer appears to be yes. At first I was convinced that she was trying to make a fool of me, but it’s been weeks. I’m afraid she’s serious.” “Wow. I am so sorry you have to deal with this. Honestly, even I’d be really offended if someone handed those to me, and I’m not even, you know, a pro or anything.” He was quiet for a moment, distracted by Hux’ fingers playing with his hair and how his beard tickled Ben’s temple. “This might be a really dumb question, but… uhm, what are they even supposed to be? Like, uhm, is this her logo or what? They look a little, well... all over the place.” “Hell if I know,” Hux swore, though his exasperation lacked any real conviction behind it. In the kitchen, the smell of Ben’s soup was stronger than throughout the rest of the apartment, the heat rising from the bubbling pot making it a good few degrees warmer there next to the stove, and Hux’ mouth all but watered in anticipation, his muscles becoming loose and languid as he thawed completely. Had Ben not just spread Jessika’s abysmal sketches out on the counter, he would have been hard-pressed to remember what had had him so irritated in the first place. “If you can make heads or tails of it, you’re doing a damn sight better than me. I’m sure one of them is supposed to be her logo, but even she can’t tell you which. It changes by the hour.” He clicked his tongue. “She’s also been hard at work coming up with what she claims is some kind of catchphrase - though the complete and unabridged collection of Jessika’s prose is only available in my inbox for the time being. They rhyme, Ben, all six pages of them. The girl’s a regular poet.” Hux made another noise of derision, nodding over Ben’s shoulder, then resting his chin there. “In the corner of one of the sketches, there is what appears to be a… a… I’m not sure what it is, to be honest. Some smallish, snouted species of animal? She’s convinced that the thing would make an excellent mascot, and I’ve been too much of a coward to ask her what in the hell it’s supposed to be. I don’t think I want to know.” A shudder went up his spine at the thought. “It’s hopeless, that’s what it is. As much as it pains me, love, I think it’s time I admit this one has been a write-off from the start. How many more three hour meetings am I going to dedicate to a cause that’s never going to pay off before I cut my losses and run? I hate to do it - it could be a valuable account if we could get Jessika to stick with what she’s good at, assuming she does, in fact, possess some skill when it comes to interior design - but some pursuits just aren’t worth the frustration they inspire.” Hux gave Ben a light pat on his lower back, just above the slight swell of his ass. “She’s too bloody indecisive - there’s nothing Imperial could provide her with that she wouldn’t immediately turn on its head.” With his hand resting so close to a piece of Ben’s anatomy that he so enjoyed, Hux found it difficult to focus on anything else, and he shook his head to clear it, plucking at the band of Ben’s pajama pants absentmindedly. “Whatever,” he sighed, letting his eyes flutter closed as he breathed in the aroma of fish rich with spice. “It’s no matter. I’ll tell her tomorrow - no more meetings. It’s past time she and Imperial go their separate ways. Our journey together, as pleasant as it has been, has reached its inevitable conclusion.” Ben shuddered when his hand dipped low enough to brush his tailbone, and Hux laughed deep in his throat. “Really, I pity the poor idiot she convinces to accept her account more than anything; I just hope he knows what he’s in for.” Not everyone was lucky enough to have Ben at home to keep them sane, after all. Hux, on the other hand, had soup on the stove and, he hoped, some of the bread Ben had baked a few days before left over in the breadbox. Jessika could keep her money and all the irritation that came with it, he thought, only letting go of Ben to sneak the taste of soup he’d been denied earlier; he’d take this any day. --- At 2:37am Ben finally gave up trying to sleep. The anxiety crawled around his body, sitting tight around his heart, and making it impossible to lie still enough to go back to the fitful state of half-sleep he’d been in and out of for the past few hours. He’d actually managed to fall asleep for a little, the result of a very lengthy make-out session that had left him feeling like jelly. Hux had been quite eager, but in the end he’d been so tired from his meeting and the three helpings of soup he’d had, that he’d actually fallen asleep on top of Ben - face buried against Ben’s neck, one hand buried in his hair, and one hand on his hip. The weight of him had been both comforting and sorely needed, and Ben had managed to doze off for an hour or so before the anxiety woke him up again. It had started at dinner. Ben didn’t quite think about what he was doing, engrossed as they both were in the Doctor Who episode “The Impossible Planet,” but he’d eaten two whole bowls of soup. Two large ones. With bread. And then, a couple of episodes later, Hux had somehow convinced him that the ice cream sitting in their freezer really needed eating before it started to taste weird. When Ben had realized it, he’d had an actual panic attack. It had been too late to do anything about the food in his belly, and he’d have a hard time explaining it away anyway, but he couldn’t stop himself from digging his fingers into his stomach, as if he could stop it from expanding, stop any nutrition from being absorbed, stop a single ounce of it from affecting his body. Leia’s words echoed in his mind from all the times she’d commented on his eating, on how he’d get fat in no time if he kept stuffing his face like that, on how greedy, selfish, spoiled he was, and how he really should ‘leave some for everyone else.’ She’d said worse things, too, and as always his brain was merciless when it came to dragging it all back to the surface. Then, of course, came the thoughts - the ones he hated, but struggled to keep away - of what he could allow himself to eat for the next day, the next week, even the next month, in order to make up for this slip up. It was wrong, and it was sick, and it was bad for him, and he knew that, but he couldn’t stop it. He wasn’t sure if Hux had understood a word of his garbled mess of an explanation - apology? - but he had at least found himself wrapped in a pair of strong arms, Hux gently but firmly getting his hands away from his belly and letting him grip onto his shirt instead. Then he was rocked gently back and forth while he sobbed and tried to breathe properly. His vision swam, and everything suddenly felt too bright, too loud, too… just too much - only the solid form of Hux next to him, the warmth, the soothing whispers and gentle encouragements to breathe were bearable. They’d managed to get him out of the panic attack, but it seemed that despite their best efforts, Ben’s brain just wasn’t done with him yet. If he stayed in bed, he’d only get annoyed, because Hux had entered that state of sleep where he’d started talking - and while Ben usually found it endearing, he knew things like that only pissed him off when he was this on edge, and he didn’t want Hux to suffer because of his piece of shit brain. So instead he gently untangled himself from Hux and the covers, found his t-shirt - which had landed on the floor by Hux’ nightstand when they had tumbled into bed earlier, with Hux’ own right next to it - and snuck out of the bedroom. Hux muttered something about shoelaces, and Ben shook his head in fond exasperation as he closed the door behind him. Once in the kitchen, he filled a pot with water to make tea, avoiding the kettle so as to not accidentally wake Hux up, and dug out the little jar of Lapsang tea he’d been given the other day. Millicent, who had been sprawled out like some orange rug on his pillow, came waddling into the kitchen, giving him an annoyed mrrrrow that left no room to doubt just how displeased she was. Apparently, she did not approve of her human leaving bed without telling her - but Ben had learned his lesson, and simply bribed her into silence with some of her favourite catnip treats. It worked like a charm - it usually did. But he was still restless, and for a moment he pondered shutting himself in his little studio to paint something, but he didn’t really feel like it. He didn’t quite know what he wanted to start with, anyway, and none of his current projects were really suited to work on when he was like this. He’d just get frustrated and probably tear the canvases apart. Still, there was that itch in his hands to grip a pencil or a brush, but as far as ideas went, his mind was blank. It was rapidly becoming one of his least favourite states of mind; feeling the creative urges, but having no clue as to what to actually do with them. Then his eye caught those ugly sketches - still abandoned on the counter - and he could practically feel the cogs in his brain starting to turn. Maybe he could just go get a few sheets of paper and see if he could work out what the hell these things were supposed to be? It wasn’t as if they could get any worse, and it didn’t demand a lot of effort for him to try and be serious about it. It would just be playing around. Yeah, maybe that could work. After picking up some size A4 paper and a case of colouring pencils, Ben returned to the kitchen, made himself comfortable on one of the barstools, and got started. It didn’t take long before he was so engrossed in what he was doing that he forgot both his tea and what time it was - not even noticing when Millicent finally gave up and went to sleep on the couch, or when the sun started creeping up over the horizon. --- Though he had no plans of going into the office until the plows had made some minimal progress in clearing the roads, Hux woke early the next morning, the highrises outside his window still shrouded in that eerie, orangish half-light that came with snow-filled sunrises. As he blinked to awareness, Hux raised himself up on an arm, shirtless and shivering, trying to make sense of what had roused him. Not his alarm, he knew that much. He wasn’t interested in a repeat of the morning before, and now that there was no Jessika nagging him to risk life and limb making his way across the city, he could see no reason to drag himself from the comfort of his bed. So why was he even awake at this hour, when there was little chance anyone else would be arriving to Imperial for at least a few hours yet? With a yawn so wide it cracked his jaw, Hux let himself flop back onto the mattress, taking all the blankets on the bed with him. The whir of the heater made a soothing backdrop to his drowsing, his eyes sliding closed again as he drifted pleasantly. He couldn’t have said how long they would have stayed that way had he not rolled over onto an expanse of smooth, undisturbed cotton when he turned to lie on his other side, in search of an area of his pillow that hadn’t been squashed down during the night. That had been too easy, and one eye opened just enough to look around in confusion. He wiggled his hips experimentally, then frowned; something was missing. There was no body glued to his side, no leg thrown over his own, no weight sprawled across his chest pinning him to the mattress. The spot where Ben usually slept was bare and cold, the sheets as unrumpled as if he hadn’t been there in hours, and with a sigh, Hux heaved himself up and out of bed, hissing when he threw the blankets off to expose himself to the air outside of his cocoon. It wasn’t the first time Hux had woken to find Ben missing from their bed; sleep still didn’t always come easily for Ben, and after last night, it wasn’t much of a surprise that he’d struggled to find it at all. Still, it made Hux’ stomach sink to imagine how long ago Ben might have given up, how many hours of the darkened early morning he might have spent sitting alone, flipping through channels while Hux snored away in the bedroom, never knowing. He wished his senses were sharp enough that they’d wake him whenever Ben did, but Hux had always been a heavy sleeper, dead to the world as soon as he allowed his mind to shut off. There was no guaranteeing he’d wake up in the event of a minor explosion a few floors down; he could hardly expect Ben’s quiet padding across the carpet to rouse him, and with eyes still half-crusted with sleep, Hux fumbled next to the bed until he lit upon the shirt he’d left strewn there the night before, then pulled it over his bare shoulders, stopping only to smooth his hair into some semblance of order before stumbling out into the living area. “Ben?” he whispered. “Ben? Where the devil are you?” The penthouse was silent, but still it didn’t take long to find him. While the rest of the apartment was cast in darkness, the lights were on over the stovetop, Ben sitting at the counter, his head propped in his hand - finally, it appeared, asleep. A bit of drool had collected at the corner of his mouth and his chin drooped in a way that threatened his face would soon meet with granite if someone didn’t intervene. There was a collection of papers spread in front of him, a coloring pencil still loosely held in the hand that wasn’t busy with supporting his head, as if he’d lost the battle with sleep in between strokes of his pencil. “Ben, oh sweetness .” Hux tiptoed into the kitchen, scratching his beard, something equal parts sweet and sad pulling at his chest. “You’re going to get such a crick in your neck. You can’t sleep like this.” But apparently he was - and quite nicely too, from the looks of it - stifling a little snuffling noise into his palm that had Hux smiling at him with undeniable fondness. He tsk’d at the sight, easing Ben’s face out of his hand and into his own as he brushed away the bit of drool with his thumb. “Ben, sweetheart? It’s time to wake up now.” Ben made a wordless noise of complaint and tried to turn away, but Hux continued stroking over his cheek, talking quietly. “Or rather, time for someone to wake up enough to go back to sleep - properly this time, I think. There’s this little invention called a ‘bed,’ and I’ve heard that it makes for far more comfortable sleeping than granite kitchen counters.” When Ben blinked up at him, smacking his lips, his hand immediately resuming its drawing motions, continuing the last line he’d put to paper as if he had never been asleep at all, he was met with a lopsided grin from Hux. How it was that the boy who couldn’t find sleep in the finest Egyptian cotton sheets could rest so easily sitting fully upright in his bloody kitchen Hux would never know. “Hux, ‘s tha’ you?” Ben slurred, sounding all of ten years old as he brought the back of his hand up to wipe at his mouth, though Hux had already taken care of that for him. He was still more asleep than awake, though his brain hadn’t registered that yet, and Hux barely managed to rescue him when he lost his balance on the barstool and almost toppled off backward. “The one and only,” Hux laughed, a soft drawl, his hands still steady on Ben’s shoulders while he regained his equilibrium. “Couldn’t sleep?” he asked, “or were you simply overtaken with inspiration?” Ben ‘s only answer to his teasing was a yawn so great it matched Hux’ from earlier, his mess of dark curls so easily accessible that Hux couldn’t help himself from dropping a kiss on top of them as he studied the papers that were currently half-obscured by Ben’s elbow. “How long have you been sitting out here?” “Uhm…” Ben yawned again, his throat letting out a little squeak at the end of it as he sagged into Hux’ hold, his head falling back to rest against Hux’ shoulder. “Dunno… since, uhm, three, maybe? I don’t know - didn’t really look at the clock after I got up. Sorry I worried you.” Hux shook his head at that. Most of the night then. Yes, Ben would be going back to bed until well after he’d left for Imperial, if Hux had anything to say about it, and he trailed a finger over the corner of one of the pages Ben had been working on, where a piece of something pastel blue was visible. “It looks like you’ve got quite the collection here,” he said, with another kiss to Ben’s unruly hair. He squinted at what he could see of the drawing. “What’s all of this?” “I, uhm… Dunno,” Ben mumbled, a bit sheepishly. “I kinda just, you know, needed to focus on something that wasn’t my brain, and I figured, like… uhm, why not try and see if I could make sense of these things? It’s nothing serious or anything, uhm, I just kinda… uhm, doodled some stuff. Figured it couldn’t really be any worse than that.” He pointed at the original sketches. “You can look if you want to. Like I said, they’re just doodles anyway.” He got to his feet, blushing at how unsteady he was, and clung to Hux as he was gently guided back to the bedroom. How had he not noticed the sun starting to rise? It was a bit embarrassing, but then again, nothing would ever be close to the same level of embarrassing as Ben’s first night in this apartment. There was some anxiety clawing around in him still, and though he knew he needed sleep more than anything right now, he also didn’t want to have to face the day alone without having had a little more time in bed with Hux. Sneaking his hands under Hux’ t-shirt just as he was about to reach over and get the covers out of the way so Ben could lie down, Ben followed it up by burying his face in the junction of Hux’ neck and shoulder, placing little feather-light kisses there - then nipping playfully at the soft skin all the way up to his ear. Hux’ neck was really sensitive, Ben had noticed, and he was grateful to have such an easily accessible weak spot to use at times like these - because the reaction from Hux was immediate. His grip on Ben tightened as he pulled him in flush against his own body, burying a hand in Ben’s hair to tilt his head up so he could kiss him. They barely parted more than an inch when they had to come up for air, and Ben found himself unable to stop his hands from roaming all over Hux’ torso. Hux, on the other hand, had one arm gently wrapped around his back to support him, and one hand firmly planted on Ben’s butt. If he’d been a bit more awake than he was now, Ben knew he’d move the hand up to his hip instead - a more gentlemanly and safe place, apparently - but Ben really liked it when Hux touched him like this. It made him feel good, made him feel… not sexy, as that word just wasn’t something Ben ever really associated with himself, but like someone who could be desired. Like Ben actually had a body that was good enough to be wanted like this despite the sad state it was in. “When do you need to go to work?” he mumbled coyly, against Hux’ lips - gasping when Hux nipped at his own. “Oh, not for a while yet,” Hux promised, sounding very pleased - his voice having taken on that lovely rough quality again. “The place isn’t in any danger of burning down without me in weather like this. We’ve got plenty of time, darling.” “Good.” Ben smiled, hesitating for a moment as he gathered some courage, and then pulled Hux with him down onto the bed so that Hux ended up on top of him, and wrapped his legs around Hux’ hips to make sure he didn’t go anywhere. “I’m gonna go to sleep in a little, I promise,” he murmured, touching their noses together. “I just.. I need this. Please? Stay with me like this for a little.” “Ask and you shall receive,” Hux promised. “I’m staying right here, sweetness - don’t you worry about that .” This time, it was Ben who eventually fell asleep, but at least he’d managed to curl up against Hux’ side, a hand resting above his heart, before he did so. While Hux’ kisses weren’t a magical cure for his anxiety, they did have the wonderful ability to linger. The places where his beard had scraped against Ben’s chin and cheeks would leave his skin tingling and sensitive for hours - a welcome and soothing reminder that this was real, this was something that happened, that Hux was there, and that he loved Ben and loved kissing him. It helped him fight all the bad stuff, kept him grounded enough to focus on taking an hour at a time - painting, drawing, or doing whatever else he felt he could manage around the apartment until Hux called him during lunch to check in on him. Even if they were sometimes just little five-minute conversations while Hux made it from one place to another between lunch meetings and whatnot, the happiness in Hux’ voice whenever he spoke to Ben meant the entire world to his ragged soul. He only vaguely registered Hux kissing him goodbye, gentle fingers carding through his hair before adjusting the covers so he wouldn’t get cold. Millicent made herself comfortable on his hip, and Ben was out like a light for the next several hours. --- Hux left Imperial that afternoon with a song on his lips and a spring he didn’t bother hiding in his step, leaving Mitaka to gape after him at the rotating door, a look of disbelief on his face. He was over the moon, humming Chopin’s Noctune in E-flat Major under his breath, and as he stepped off the curb and onto the street, there was nothing, he thought, that could have ruined his good mood. The city, with all its bright sounds, its honking and bustling, seemed friendlier, the pigeons ruffling their feathers so they resembled pocket-sized grey old men in their winter best somehow more charming. Even the New York city traffic didn’t bother him, and when he was met with a car that, after waiting just a moment too long to slam on its brakes, sent up a spray of slush that dotted his slacks, he did nothing more than offer the flinching driver a little salute and twitch of his lips. On any other day, perhaps, he would have read the man the riot act for possibly ruining one of his finest pairs of slacks, would have reminded him of the responsibility that came with possessing a driver’s license in the state of New York, but with the sun finally making quick work of the snow that had made travel impossible only the day before, he couldn’t be bothered. He’d done it, by god, he thought, shaking his head incredulously and laughing at nothing. Or rather, Ben had - and the thought was enough that he wanted to whoop and holler his way down the street. If this morning someone had asked him how he thought his next conversation with Jessika would go, he would have laughed in their face before pouring himself a shot of something strong - but that had been before Ben. Ben and his incredible, incredible mind and his hands that worked miracles. Ben who was a regular Picasso . Monet. All of them rolled into one. Ben who he was going to kiss so hard the boy forgot his own name just as soon as he walked through the door. Speaking of… Hux dug for his phone in the pocket of his peacoat, then shot off a text: Home in 15 minutes, tops! So much I need to tell you! If you’re feeling up to it, put on something nice. But if sweatpants are more your speed tonight, you know I can’t get enough of you in those either. I love you. And did he ever - enough that he ended the text with a line of hearts that he knew was more befitting of a 15-year-old than the CEO of a Fortune 500 company. That morning, after leaving Ben in bed, where he was finally sleeping as peacefully as Hux liked to see him, head cocked and mouth open just slightly, Hux had done a quick rinse of his face, ensuring only that it was wet enough for a cursory shave, then wandered into the kitchen to place Ben’s tea mug, still half-full, in the sink and start a cup of tea for himself. It hadn’t been until then that he’d remembered the drawings Ben had been working on at all, and while he’d waited for the tea to steep, he’d spread them all out along the counter, one by one, the end of one of Ben’s coloring pencils in his mouth, so he could get a good look at each of them. There were at least a dozen pages, each in various stages of completion and each differing slightly from the rest, though there was a visible commonality among them. In each drawing, from the first to the last, there was an air of simplicity, the designs undeniably minimalist. Spartan, but in way that made Hux glad there wasn’t more to them, for all that he yearned to know what form the rest of the lines would take were they expanded upon. They really were something , and he’d been so engrossed in their sparsity that he’d drunk nearly all of the tea he’d meant to take with him to work before moving from the spot. While Ben claimed he had never studied marketing, it seemed he understood instinctively the power of an impactful image, and looking at them, bare toes curled on the floor, Hux had been taken by a thought equal parts audacious and impulsive. While sipping his tea, Hux had chosen four of the sketches, each of them inspired by different flora - two that resembled flowers written in cursive and two that were clearly meant to be trees, one with leaves, as in springtime, and one without, as now - to take with him to the office, and after tucking them safely into his briefcase, he’d texted Jessika and told her that today he would be the one calling a meeting. There had been every chance she would hate them, just the way she hated everything she hadn’t created herself; this was a last-ditch effort, he knew, but what harm could come of it? If indeed she had hated them as much as he thought she might, then there wouldn’t have been any further time wasted. Ben wasn’t even on Imperial’s payroll any longer. ...but she hadn’t hated them Jessika, upon seeing the first of Ben’s designs, had let out a squeal of delight that near shattered his eardrums, clapping her hands over her mouth. Her delight had only increased with each turn of the page until she’d reached the last of them - the leafless tree, wrought in some variety of gold pencil that raised itself off the page as if it was embossed in foil, its branches reaching up and out until they tangled into the smooth lines that formed Jessika’s name - when she shrieked so loudly that had Hux had been sure they’d picked up on it down in the lobby. He hadn’t known Jessika was capable of happiness until then, hadn’t been certain that she even possessed the ability to approve of something Hux showed her, but she’d been eager enough to sign the contract his legal department presented her with after that, offering her signature with a flourish as she sung Ben’s praises, telling Hux that this mystery artist deserved a raise. A promotion. That he should have been running the whole damn design team and why hadn’t Hux shown her his sketches from the very beginning? He had better not hold back on her this way in the future, she’d warned in between twisting the gold and silver rings stacked on her fingers, she knew what kind of talent he was hiding away now, and she wouldn’t let him get away with any funny business Apparently, all it had taken for her to forget any qualms she’d had about entrusting her campaign to Hux’ intuition was a tree in gold leaf and her name written in Ben’s careful lettering. Who would have guessed? Reclining in the backseat of the town car, Hux supposed he should have expected it. There was just something about Ben - it had worked on Phasma, it had worked on Millicent, and it had worked on him - something he wasn’t even aware of, that made people fall in love with him. He now knew that it was strong enough that Ben didn’t have to be there physically in order for it to work, because Jessika had fallen victim to it just as surely. She’d never even met him and already she was demanding an increase in his pay. He snickered. Ben would get a kick out of that, once he told him, and Hux spent the rest of the car ride studying the sketch, marveling at it and all it had done. All Ben had done, once again. It appeared the boy would never stop surprising him, though he should have been getting used to the way everything in his life responded to Ben’s touch by now. --- The response to his text to Ben didn’t come until Hux’ driver was opening his door for him in the parking garage below his apartment building. Hux dug into his pocket for his phone as soon as he felt the buzz, and when he opened the message, he was so stunned that he momentarily lost track of what he was doing and nearly ran face-first into the closed elevator doors before he skidded to a stop. It was a picture of Ben, taken in what Hux recognized as the mirror of their master bathroom. His face had been left out, though the ends of his hair, down past his chin now, were just visible, and he was wearing that dark navy three piece suit that had left Hux speechless at Thannison’s weeks before. A soft blueish grey shirt completed the ensemble, and Hux noted with no small appreciation that Ben had foregone wearing a tie - the top two buttons left open to expose the line of his neck and the slightest hint of his collarbones. Before Hux could compose himself from what he had seen, another message popped up under the photo. Is this okay? If it’s too much I can change, no probs! Didn’t know if I should wear a tie, sorry! Sorry? If Ben had something to be sorry about, it was not that he had chosen not to wear a tie - it was that he had sent Hux what had to be the most tantalizing photo he’d ever received, and it was a damned mirror selfie taken at an odd angle, for god’s sake. Hux knew he wouldn’t be able to think of anything else for weeks, and selfishly, he saved the photo to his images, so that he would have it available for further study later - when he didn’t have the real thing ready and waiting only an elevator ride away. No. No tie, Hux typed - not quite a command, not quite a request - trusting autocorrect to catch the typos made in his haste. There was no time for anything more eloquent; he would tear the buttons of the shirt open himself, he swore, if Ben had tried to close them by the time he made it to his floor, and Hux didn’t want to have to do that. He really liked that shirt. The ride on the elevator seemed interminably long, Hux drumming his fingers, twitchy and as damp as his palm, along the wood of the handrail, his impatience growing with each floor that pinged past. He’d never before regretted how he’d petitioned for the top floor of the building, but right now, the penthouse seemed more a curse than a blessing, and when finally the doors slid open, he breathed a great sigh of relief and, had he been a man of less self-restraint, he would have made a run for his door and thrown himself against it. Instead, he maintained, he had only walked with great speed. Ben was on the other side when he opened it, obviously waiting for him - looking just this side of nervous, chewing his bottom with as much intent as if it was bubblegum, his hands stuffed into his pockets and his feet shuffling like he didn’t know what to do with him. He looked, somehow, even better in person, positively edible as he gave Hux an unsure smile and removed a hand from his pocket to tug at the collar he had, thankfully, left open, so that Hux saw how he was flushing underneath. Hux knew without asking that Ben hadn’t sat down since he’d received his text, that he’d spent the time between now and then trying to make himself presentable - the texture of his hair, always soft-looking but moreso now than usual, suggested he’d blow-dryed it, as he sometimes did - and that, when he’d finished, he’d stood here and waited for Hux’ arrival, afraid of wrinkling his slacks. If only he knew what Hux would have done to them if given half the chance, he would not have been so worried about it. “Ben, my love, the absolute light of my life,” he exclaimed, bothering only to drop his briefcase to the floor before planting his hands on either side of Ben’s face, “you’re a bloody genius, did you know that?” When Ben made an inarticulate noise of surprise, looking for a moment like he was about it deny it, Hux pulled him in for a bruising kiss, his fingers digging in behind Ben’s ears, at the fine hairs at the back of his neck, any further sounds Ben would have made muffled as Hux’ mouth clamped over his. “Hux?” Ben managed once Hux finally let him go enough to draw a breath again. “What- what’s going on? What did I do? I don’t… just… what?” He blushed slightly at how breathless his voice sounded, and the broad grin on Hux’ face didn’t help matters much - he looked like a cat that just caught a mouse, and Ben didn’t quite know what to make of any of this. Sure, he’d never mind these random bouts of kissing that seemed to be a large part of his everyday routine nowadays, but sometimes he really wanted to know what caused them. Hux had called him a genius, but his mind came up short on any explanation as to why that was. He’d done something good, that much he figured, but what? When Hux had called during lunch, Ben had just managed to trim Millicent’s nails without her attempting to flay him - and Hux had been thoroughly impressed by that - but it hardly merited any of this. Hux went to kiss him again, but Ben dodged it - needing clarification while he still possessed some sort of brain functions. Hux’ kisses tended to leave him a bit… dazed. “Y-you’re obviously happy,” he smiled shyly, as Hux covered his face in kisses - obviously not deterred by Ben’s little maneuver. “I mean, I like it, but… But, uhm, could- could you tell me what’s going on? I’m not sure I get it, and… why am I dressed up? Are we going somewhere?” “Did I say a genius?” Hux asked, ignoring the litany of questions in favor of wrapping his arms around Ben’s waist and lifting him up off the floor to swing him around. “I meant a wonder. An absolute visionary!” Ben squeaked in surprise, clinging onto Hux as they spun and not letting go even when his feet touched the ground again. “Hux!” Ben protested, laughing, as he buried his face in the crook of Hux’ neck to stop the world from moving. “Stop! Y-you’re making me dizzy!” And Hux didn’t doubt that he was; his own head was spinning enough that he stumbled back a step, taking Ben with him. “Ben, oh Ben - you’re not going to believe this.” Hux steadied the both of them before continuing. “This morning, after you fell back asleep - and please don’t hate me for this, I apologize for not asking your permission. I know it’s not how it should have been done, but I didn’t want to wake you, you were sleeping so peacefully.” Hux clasped Ben’s biceps, where he could just begin to feel the definition of muscles that hadn’t been there before, squaring them so that they were facing each other directly when Ben raised his head to look at him. Then, he took a deep breath, gathering the courage he hadn’t needed when he’d taken the sketches in the first place. “This morning, I took some of the sketches you left on the kitchen counter to the office with me to show to Jessika.” Ben’s eyes widened at the revelation, becoming so great they took over half his face, the only sound in the apartment Ben’s gasp of disbelief as Hux’ mouth split into a shit-eating grin in answer. “She loved them,” Hux told him, giving Ben’s arms a little shake, unable to hold in the news for even a moment longer. “We got the account, Ben; she signed with Imperial this afternoon, no questions asked. And it’s all because of you. You did what an entire team of trained graphic artists couldn’t. What no one lacking even a shred of your skill and talent could have managed.” The joy spilled out from the seams of his words, and Hux pressed their lips together again, resulting in a little oomph from Ben. “I’d say I could kiss you, but I just did, lucky bastard that I am!” “I… what ...?” Ben’s brain chose that moment to blank out completely, leaving him gaping like some sort of stranded fish. “I- You mean-? S-she liked my sketches? Those sketches? The doodles I made while half asleep last night? I just… Are you serious?” How was that even possible? They weren’t even that good, and none of them had even been finished. They were just doodles for fuck’s sake! How in the actual fuck had this happened? The girl who’d been driving Hux and his poor design team up the walls for months… that girl had decided on one of Ben’s silly little experiments? “I don’t even… I’m- I’m not mad, I promise. I just… I think I need to sit down. Fuck, I can’t even process this. My sketches? She liked my sketches?” “Liked them? I’d say so! She was ready to throttle me for keeping them from her for so long!” Hux tightened his grip on Ben’s arms, holding him securely. “I can show you the contract, signature and all, if you’re looking for proof. Or how about the $200,000 check she handed over as soon as she’d signed it? Would that be enough to make you believe me?” Ben truly looked faint at that, his face losing color at the size of the number, as if the comment about needing to sit down was more than a joke, and Hux put an arm around his waist. “Oh no you don’t! You’re staying conscious long enough to enjoy this, love. No passing out now. You’re the man of the hour!” With an arm still tucked around Ben’s waist, he reached for the coat rack one-handed, unwinding the scarf Ben had left there after the walk Hux had taken him on at the start of the snowfall and threading it loosely around his neck. When Ben smiled back at him over plush cashmere, revealing a white sliver of his front tooth, Hux nodded his approval. “Come on, Ben,” he said, and he felt half a child, a decade and a half shed off his life at least, as he pulled on the tail of the scarf, leading Ben in the direction of the door - barely giving him a chance to reach for his coat. “I’m taking you out. Tonight, the two of us are going to celebrate.” Notes: We apologize for the long wait for this update and appreciate you for sticking with us! Your lovely authors hope the length of chapter 15 made up for it at least a little. You can let us know how you feel about how Ben and Hux' life together is shaping up over on tumblr - as always, thegoodlannister for Cat and ficlet-machine for Loke. Notes: For this first go-around, we have released two chapters, to allow our readers to get to know both Hux and (in the next chapter) Ben as they are in this universe. You can also expect the following two chapters to be published as a pair. After that, we cannot guarantee a swift and regular update schedule, as we both are occupied full-time and live in vastly different time zones. We can guarantee, however, that all updates will be full of feels! Questions or comments? Concerns? You can find us both on tumblr!